
--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726582.pdf
----------------------------------------
M S 
planning 
landscape 
architecture 
urban design 
June 16, 2009 
Mr. Stephen M. Caplinger 
Vice President Design & Planning 
Landmark Land Company 
New Albany, Ohio 43054 
Re: 
Proposal for Landscape Architectural Design Services for.• 
Little St. James Island / U.S. Virgin Islands. 
MSI#F9111. 
Dear Stephen: 
It is with great pleasure that we submit this proposal for Landscape Architectural Design 
Services for Little St. James Island located in the US Virgin Islands. The future plans for 
the property are very exciting and we thank you for considering us. 
We have based this proposal from our recent discussions and the conceptual plan 
information provided. We have outlined below a brief project description, scope of 
services and compensation for your review and approval. Please also refer to the 
enclosed attachments for the Hourly Rate Schedule. 
I. 
PROJECT•
The project has been identified as Little St. James Island located in the U.S. Virgin 
Islands. 
The project generally consists of an overall +/- 80 acre island located to the southeast of 
St. Thomas. Elements of the site and uses included in this proposal scope of work are; 
• 
Arrival porte cochere drop off areas. 
• 
Walkways, plazas and landscape plantings. 
• 
Parking areas and building vehicular access. 
• 
Landscape Design. 
• 
Site lighting fixture selection and locations. 
• 
Potential fountain features. 
• 
Site furnishings (Benches, trash receptacles, drinking fountains). 
Columbus. Ohio 432:5 p 
EFTA00726582
--- PAGE 2 ---
M S 
planning 
landscape 
architecture 
urban design 
Proposal for Landscape Architectural Design Services 
LITTLE ST. JAMES ISLAND / U.S. Virgin Islands. 
June 16. 2009 
Page 2 of 6 
II. 
SCOPE OF SERVICES: 
MSI shall provide professional Landscape Architectural Design Services including site 
master planning & design, site landscape planting, site lighting fixture selection and 
hardscape design as listed below in the Scope of Services and Clarifications. 
Specific Site Areas include; 
1. New Office Pavilion Entry & connection to existing Master Bedroom. 
2. Boardwalk from New Office Pavilion to Nursery Garden area and NW Cove Beach 
beyond. 
3. East Flagpole Pavilion / Dog Island Lookout. 
4. Temporary Landscaping at Main House Pool Area. 
5. Master Bedroom Renovation Site Area. 
6. North South Axis & Earthwork Focal Feature. 
7. Reef House Site Work & Landscaping (Dive Beach) 
8. Overall Road Layout & Paving Details. 
9. Helipad Area Development and Entry Feature Court Area. 
10. Helipad Garage & Arrival Building. 
11. Boat Dock Entry Feature. 
12. Nursery & Garden Area. 
13. Western Fire Pit & Flagpole Area / Amphitheatre (West Lookout). 
14. Boardwalk Connector. 
15. Main House Perimeter Site Work & Landscaping. 
16. Frenchcap Cay Lookout. 
17. Yoga Deck Area. 
18. Haman Site Area. 
19. Lookout House (Southern). 
20. Scary Point (Southern). 
21. Mechanical Building Screening. 
22. Stony Beach Pavilion (Greek Fisherman's House). 
23. El Grotto Beach with Seating and Walls. 
24. First Beach (North Beach). 
25. Second Beach & Beach House (Middle Beach). 
26. Third Beach (South Beach). 
27. Meditation Point (Between Second & Third Beach). 
28. Tiki House (Near Nursery). 
29. Gym (Near Nursery — Garden Area). 
30. Lagoon House (SW Corner). 
EFTA00726583
--- PAGE 3 ---
M S 
planning 
landscape 
architecture 
urban design 
Proposal for Landscape Architectural Design Services 
LITTLE ST. JAMES ISLAND / U.S. Virgin Islands. 
June 16. 2009 
Page 3 of 6 
A. Concept / Schematic Design: 
MSI shall prepare concept & schematic design documents to convey the design intent of 
the project. The plans, sections and elevations shall be hand-drawn on trace paper at an 
appropriate scale to communicate the overall design intent of the landscape architectural 
components. The sheet format for all drawings shall be in final format of 11" x 17". 
Concept/ Schematic Design Development Documentation for the areas mention above 
shall include: 
1. Site Plan indicating all proposed outdoor use areas indicating parking, arrival plazas, 
walkways, pools, spas, water features and landscape features, rendered in color for 
presentation purposes. 
2. Site sections and plan enlargements to convey the design intent of the individual 
areas. 
3. Image sheets to convey the design intent for site features such as trellis, paving, 
walls, landscape materials, site lighting, paving, site furnishings, etc. 
For this phase of work, MSI proposes to be compensated on an estimated not to exceed 
hourly fee basis of $28,680.00 based on the attached hourly rate schedule, not including 
any reimbursable expenses. 
B. Design Development: 
Based on the approved site plan & schematic design drawings and budgets, MSI shall 
prepare design development documents suitable for design coordination of the project. 
These drawings shall include landscape planting plans, hardscape plans and site 
furnishing plans and site lighting location plans with appropriate details. The plans shall 
be drawn at a scale of 1" = 20'-0" or similar. The sheet format for all drawings shall be 
in final format of 11" x 17" and shall be drawn using AutoCAD release 2009. 
Design Development Documentation shall include: 
1. Site Plan indicating all proposed outdoor use areas indicating parking, arrival plazas, 
walkways, water features and landscape features. 
2. Hardscape and special pavement areas. 
3. Design intent for fountain features. 
4. Product catalog cut sheets indicating initial design direction for site furnishings, 
pavement types and site lighting fixture selections. 
5. Site Grading with drain inlet locations and spot grades. 
6. Hardscape plans & details, paving materials & patterns, walls 8, columns and water 
features design intent. 
7. Site Furnishings plans and details (benches, trash receptacles, landscape pots/urns). 
8. Site lighting fixture location plans with fixture cut-sheets. 
9. Trees and shrub planting plan with details and plant list. 
EFTA00726584
--- PAGE 4 ---
M S I 
planning 
landscape 
architecture 
urban design 
Proposal for Landscape Architectural Design Services 
LITTLE ST. JAMES ISLAND / U.S. Virgin Islands. 
June 16. 2009 
Page 4 of 6 
For this phase of work, MSI proposes to be compensated on an estimated not to exceed 
hourly fee basis of $43,570.00 based on the attached hourly rate schedule, not including 
any reimbursable expenses. 
C. Overall Master Plan: 
Based on the design development of the individual site areas as described above, MSI 
shall prepare an Overall Master Plan for Little St. James Island. The Master Plan shall be 
prepared in Auto CAD as a master base plan and shall be available for updates as the site 
areas become more refined. The Overall Master Plan shall be color rendered and labeled 
using a legend and legend tags indicating the elements of the site master plan. Updates 
to the color rendered master plan can be accomplished in Photo Shop or a similar 
program. The plans shall be drawn at an appropriate scale to communicate the overall 
design intent of the landscape architectural components. The sheet format for all 
drawings shall be in final format of 11" x 17". 
The Overall Master Plan shall include: 
• 
All Site Structures. 
• 
Paving, plazas, walkways, boardwalks and roadways. 
• 
Pools, fountains, activity areas. 
• 
Landscaping, reading areas, special places and garden areas. 
For this phase of work, MSI proposes to be compensated on an estimated not to exceed 
hourly fee basis of $23,730.00 based on the attached hourly rate schedule, not including 
any reimbursable expenses. 
III. 
CLARIFICATIONS-
Clarifications to MSI's proposal are noted as follows: 
1. It is understood that in order for MSI to begin work, the Owner shall provide a 
complete as-built survey of the entire project / scope of work area at a suitable scale 
for MSI to base its work on. 
2. Irrigation design and documentation shall be provided by others. 
3. It is understood that engineering design services (i.e., mechanical, electrical, etc.) 
shall be provided by others. 
EFTA00726585
--- PAGE 5 ---
M S I 
planning 
landscape 
architecture 
urban design 
Proposal for Landscape Architectural Design Services 
LITTLE ST. JAMES ISLAND / U.S. Virgin Islands. 
June 16. 2009 
Page 5 of 6 
4. All structural, mechanical, plumbing and electrical design and routing for all pool, spa 
and water features shall be provided by others. MSI shall design and detail all sizes 
and finishes of all water features. 
5. Any indoor pool / spa design and finishes shall be by the project architect or by 
others. 
6. All site lighting design (electrical engineering / wiring) documentation shall be by 
others. (MSI shall provide selection and location of catalog cut-sheet lighting fixtures 
with manufacturer's photometric data only). 
7. All site signage and site graphics design and documentation shall be by others. MSI 
shall provide design intent for entry walls and features and coordinate placement of 
the signage graphics. 
8. All architectural planters attached to buildings and as designed by the project 
architect shall have drainage, waterproofing and structural details and design shall 
be prepared by others. 
9. All required site demolition plans, site lighting electrical plans and details and storm 
water drainage plans and details shall be prepared by the project Civil Engineer or by 
others. 
10. All permitting shall be by others. Any required zoning, site planning or permitting for 
water features shall be by others. 
11. All plan and detail drawings provided by MSI shall be drawn on bases approved and 
provided by the Owner or their Consultant, (i.e., project architect, civil engineer, or 
surveyor). Design Development and Construction Drawings shall be produced on 
AutoCAD 2009. 
12. It is understood that "Boiler-Plate" General Condition specifications (Divisions 0 & 1) 
for bidding and construction will be provided by others. 
13. Any tree tagging or plant material procurement services are not included as a part of 
this proposal. 
14. Any site visits for design progress meetings or for construction observation shall be 
bill hourly as a separate scope item and are not included in the fee estimates as 
described above. 
15. MSI's current insurance coverage is $1,000,000.00 professional liability, each claim 
and aggregate and $2,000,000.00 aggregate / $1,000,000.00 per occurrence 
commercial general insurance. Any addition insurance coverage requirements would 
be considered an additional cost to this proposal. 
EFTA00726586
--- PAGE 6 ---
M S 
planning 
landscape 
architecture 
urban design 
Proposal for Landscape Architectural Design Services 
LITTLE ST. JAMES ISLAND / U.S. Virgin Islands. 
June 16. 2009 
Page 6 of 6 
Any additional services beyond those outlined herein shall be billed hourly according to 
the hourly rate schedule or shall be outlined under a separate proposal. In addition to 
the professional fees, MSI shall be reimbursed for all out-of-pocket expenses (i.e., 
postage, travel, long distance telephone calls / faxes, handling and reproduction of 
drawings, courier services, photography, etc.). 
Stephen, I hope that the above proposal addresses your needs for the Landscape 
Architectural Design for Little St. James Island. Please review and if in agreement please 
sign where requested, initial the attachments and return the original to our office for our 
files. Receipt of this signed agreement will act as our authorization to proceed. 
Thank you for considering MSI for this significant endeavor. We are enthusiastic about 
this exciting project and look forward to working with you and your team. Please feel 
free to call me should you have any questions or feel that any modifications to this 
proposal may be necessary to better suit your needs. 
Sincerely, 
Keith J. Bongimo, RLA, ASLA, CLARB 
Design Principal 
I hereby authorize MSI to provide the services outlined in this proposal according to the 
provisions stated herein and as attached. 
APPROVED & ACCEPTED this 
day 
of 
, 2009. 
Name: 
Title: 
Signed:  
EFTA00726587

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726588.pdf
----------------------------------------
orings and buoys 
Buoys are used for a variety of purposes in an MPA. including mooring boats to prevent damage to the 
seabed from anchors. All buoys require careful installation and proper maintenance to ensure a long life. 
This sheet provides guidance, with particular emphasis on the Halas embedment mooring system that is 
recommended for MPAs. 
The main uses for buoys in an MPA are for: 
• 
Marking navigation channels. and the boundary and 
zones of the MPA: 
• 
Marking a specific location (e.g. a wreck): 
• 
Mooring boats and thus eliminating the need to drop 
and haul anchors. 
Colour is often used to indicate buoy purpose. and should 
conform to the International Association of Lighthouses 
(IALA) system. Colour and shape can also designate type 
of service. such as for short stays. day use only or 
overnight mooring. with spar or pole buoys to designate 
boundary marks or obstructions. 
Moorings are particularly important in an MPA to protect 
the seabed from anchor damage. especially in coral areas. 
and to reduce overcrowding (e.g. at popular dive sites 
where anchoring is prohibited and the number of buoys 
can be limited). Fishers may use the moorings as well as 
tourist boats and competition over the buoys can be 
reduced by requiring different users to use different buoys 
or different times of day. The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park 
has both public and private moorings. the latter for regular 
and guaranteed access by users such as dive operators. 
Before installation. it is thus important to estimate 
expected frequency and type of use and to carry out a site 
survey (depth. seabed conditions. tidal range. currents. 
wave and wind factors). 
HALAS MOORING SYSTEM 
Halas embedment moorings are strongly recommended for 
MPAs. and were designed specifically to prevent 
environmental damage whilst providing robust and safe 
mooring (see www.reefmoorings.com). 
Components 
• 
Floats or buoys - 46cm diameter. made from 
polypropylene plastic filled with polyurethane. 
Moulded medium density polyethylene floats with 
ultraviolet (UV) stabilisers can also be used: plastic 
containers are sometimes used. but UV damage 
significantly reduces their durability. 
• 
Pick-up line - A small. floating. polypropylene pick-
up line (with an eye-splice at the end) should be 
attached to the main float. The line should be 3m long 
(rather than the standard 5m) to encourge users to 
pass their own mooring line through the eye and pay 
out sufficient scope. 
• 
Mooring line - The main anchor line should be 20% 
longer than the maximum high tide depth. Three-
strand. 20mm. polypropylene line is ideal. Chain can 
be used but is not recommended for the Halas system. 
To minimise chafing. protective sheaths. thimbles. and 
shackles are used at all attachment points. The Halas 
design ensures that the mooring line is kept off the 
seabed by a float several meters above the anchor 
point. and away from the surface (to prevent 
entanglement by boats) by a weight several meters 
below the mooring float. 
• 
Anchor - Options include a single (or double for larger 
boats) stainless steel eyebolt cemented into cores 
drilled into bedrock. or a Manta Ray anchor forced into 
a cored hole in rubble or sand bottoms. An anchor 
cone of resistance. known as a helix mooring system. 
may also be used. screwed into the rubble or sand 
seabed. Anchors of cast concrete. engine blocks or 
scrap metal should be avoided as they may damage the 
seabed. 
Mooring buoy 
Lead weight — • 
a— Float 
Polypropylene —
rope 
Shackle —4 
Rubble Mel
•.1,5 
• • 
Single 
sta. 
eye-bolt 
Manta ray anchor 
Pick-up line 
Stainless 
steel 
rods 
Hydraulic cement 
A 
— Bedrock 
Double eye-bolt 
(for large boats) 
Variations of the Halos mooring system. 
Maintenance 
Specifications of each mooring should be recorded. All 
components require regular maintenance. including visual 
inspection (using SCUBA) and immediate replacement of 
worn parts. a pull test on the system and cleaning from 
fouling. A monitoring schedule might involve: 
Monthly - Inspect all buoys and pick-up lines: clean pick-
up lines of growth or replace if necessary: clean. wax and 
polish buoy. check for cracks and replace where needed: 
inspect and clean exposed portions of buoy through-line 
and replace as needed. 
Managing Marine Protected Areas: A TOOLKIT for the Western Indian Ocean 
EFTA00726588
--- PAGE 2 ---
Three months — Inspect mooring line and protective 
sheaths for wear and replace as needed: inspect shackles 
and mooring, especially contact area between the two. 
Six months — Inspect anchor mountings and surrounding 
area, checking for signs of movement: replace buoy 
through-line and pick-up line if system is regularly used. 
Twelve months — Replace pin in mooring line shackle. 
Twenty-four months — Replace mooring line if needed. 
COSTS 
Depending on local materials. components for a single 
mooring might cost US$200-2000. with labour. boat use 
and fuel costs on top. Maintenance costs can also be 
expensive. In many WIO countries. donors have funded 
installation costs. Some MPAs in the Caribbean have set 
up 'Adopt a Mooring Buoy' programmes to raise funds. 
and dive operations often contribute financially or in kind. 
In the Seychelles. the MPAs themselves help to cover 
costs (see case study). 
LEGAL LIABILITY 
Since mooring buoys are expected to provide a vessel with 
a safe anchorage. an accident may have legal 
repercussions against those who install and maintain 
them. Disclaimers in writing. with terms such as 'use at 
your own risk' and 'non-mandatory use' may reduce the 
risk of liability but are inappropriate in an MPA that 
requires mooring buoy use. Insurance is possible but is 
usually dependent on the ability to show compliance with 
'Best Practice'. 
KEY POINTS FOR THE MPA 
K Provide information on positions of buoys 
(particularly MPA boundary marker buoys). This 
can be done through a Notice to Mariners issued 
by the relevant charting institutions (e.g. Harbour 
Master); or by marking positions (determined using 
GPS) on charts which can then be made widely 
available and lodged with local authorities (e.g. 
Police, District Administration, Fisheries Officer). 
Disseminate information on mooring buoys and 
boundary markers, and their purpose, widely to 
reduce conflict. 
Endeavour to install moorings even if it requires 
securing external funds. 
Provide written guidance and training (if required) 
on the use of mooring buoys for all boat operators 
and ensure a proper maintenance schedule to 
reduce accidents and minimise repairs. 
Establish a monitoring programme to determine the 
use and impact of mooring buoys. 
Develop a fee system for use of any moorings that 
is harmonised with other MPA user fees. 
Carefully examine insurance and legal liability 
issues for mooring buoy use; ensure that the MPA 
can provide evidence of proper design and 
installation, inspection and maintenance, and 
provision of clear and detailed advice on use to 
boat operators, based on 'Best Practice'. 
Sources of further information 
Breda van. A. & Gjerde. KM. 1992. The use of mooring buoys as a 
management toot Centre for Marine Conservation. Washington DC. 
56pp. 
Environmental Moorings International: www.reefmoorings.com 
Gjerde. K.M. 1991. Mooring buoys and legal liability. Centre for 
Marine Conservation. Environmental Solutions International and The 
World Conservation Union. 12pp. 
Marine Conservation Society Seychelles (MCSS) moorings project: 
www. mcss.sc/moorings.ht m 
International Association of Lighthouses: www.iala-aism.org 
information on the !ALA Maritime Buoyage System. 
PADI International Project Aware: document on Mooring Buoy 
Program Planning: www.projectaware.org 
(ASE STUDY  
The Seychelles mooring buoy programme 
The Marine Conservation Society Seychelles (MCSS). with 
assistance from other organisations. is installing a 
national mooring buoy system in and adjacent to MPAs. 
100 moorings and buoys (the Halas type) were purchased 
with donor funding from the Netherlands. An installation 
training course was carried out by John Halas for about 12 
staff from the Marine Parks Authority. the Marine Unit of 
the Department of Environment. and the MCSS. 
Yellow mooring buoys are designated for large boats and 
white for smaller boats. The programme has resulted in 
some useful lessons learned and modifications to the 
design. The Seychelles is the first place where Halas 
embedment moorings are being used for large vessels (35m 
length. GRT up to 250 tonnes). On Aldabra. the hard 
limestone substrate required modification to the 
installation technique. and the difficult diving conditions 
due to depth and strong currents required Nitrox diving. 
Following initial installation, a public and stakeholder 
workshop was held to develop a framework for further 
installations and maintenance. A Mooring Stakeholder 
Steering Committee, comprising agency and MPA 
representatives. was established to oversee the long-term 
process. The Marine Parks Authority and the NGOs 
running the MPAs at Aldabra. Aride and Cousin maintain 
the moorings. Under a memorandum of understanding 
with the MCSS. the MPAs are responsible for routine 
maintenance with MCSS responsible for six monthly 
inspections and other essential maintenance. Entrance 
and overnight mooring fees fund maintenance and 
sometimes installation. 
The port and coastguard authorities were worried about 
liability if an accident occurred to a vessel moored to a 
buoy. Reassurance was provided through information 
about the situation in other countries and by obtaining 
insurance. The buoys are now serving their immediate 
purpose. providing a much-needed service in many areas 
used by tourist boats and yachts. 
Managing Marine Protected Areas: A TOOLKIT for the Western Indian Ocean 
EFTA00726589

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726590.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 2, 2010 
Corporate Communications 
Anticipated Questions from Employees re: Transaction 
I. What is the leadership structure, i.e., the plan for senior management in 
NewCenterline and C-Ill? Is upper management staying the same? Are both (or 
either) companies to be managed by Island? How much interaction on a daily 
basis (and overall) will Island have with either company? A. New Centerline and 
C-III are completely independent companies. Their only relationship is that a 
subsidiary of C-III does some primary mortgage servicing for the Agency 
business, exactly as C-III does for clients such as JP Morgan or similar third 
parties. With that clear, we will focus on you — New Centerline -- from now on. 
The affordable business and agency business remain intact supported by the same 
senior management. Island's wholly owned subsidiary, Anubis Advisors, will 
serve as advisor. Anubis will work directly with senior management assisting and 
advising on the growth of the business. You should expect to see someone from 
Island or Anubis in your offices often, but you will not to interfere in any way 
with the day to day activities you must perform to succeed in your business. 
2. Have new business models or strategies been proposed for NewCenterline? For 
C-III? What are they? Again, C-III is an independent company. This meeting is 
about you. Our business model is very simple. Restore our tax credit origination 
business to historical levels and then higher. Materially increase our size and 
ranking in Agency loan production. Effectively manage our bond holdings to 
insure steady income. Then move to add ancillary business to our platform. 
Ancillary and new activities can include property management, GP portfolio 
acquisitions, mergers with and acquisitions of other companies in multi-family 
residential housing businesses, etc. 
3. Where does growth—career-wise and industry-wise—lie for NewCenterline? Is 
there opportunity to help develop new business strategies and models? And help 
implement them? Yes. We will reclaim the position as the leader in the 
affordable housing business with the objective of not just leading but being 
dominant. Working with Island and Anubis we have identified very specific ways 
EFTA00726590
--- PAGE 2 ---
in which to expand our market and develop new buyers of credits. We will 
expand our Agency business as a financially sound institution who can better 
attract additional talent and quality borrowers. And we have identified ways that 
we can leverage off of our existing platform to capitalize on other opportunities 
now that our balance sheet has become delivered and we can again begin to 
access capital. 
4. Will there be a melding of Island and (old) Centerline employees? Across the 
board, or in specific business units? Which ones? No. Island (Anubis) is your 
advisor. New Centerline is in the affordable housing and agency lending 
business. 
5. Everyone's question: How do I fit in? As a valuable team member you are now 
emancipated from the shackles of insolvency. We expect you to be excited, be a 
player in taking this company to new heights and enjoy the personal satisfaction 
and financial rewards when you do. You will hear directly from your own 
managers how things will begin to change and what it is that you can do to 
participate in the change. But be realistic; it will take a month or two for you to 
begin to feel the emergence of the new momentum and direction. We are starting 
again from an almost cold-start to reclaim our market position and to educate the 
rest of the world on our new found stability and capability. 
6. What are the talents, skills, expertise, experience and qualities being sought for 
employees of each company? How can I showcase my skills to best serve me and 
a new company? Island is here because of your talent, skills and expertise. We 
have restructured the company financially. You showcase your skills by doing 
what you do better than anyone else and being a leader in re-establishing 
yourselves as the industry benchmark. 
7. Is there a choice of assignments? Who is going where? And why? This is a 
continuing business. There are no re-assignments necessary. The opportunity for 
advancement or transfer to another department should be enhanced now that we 
can grow rather than shrink the business. 
8. Is the new structure long term? Permanent. 
EFTA00726591
--- PAGE 3 ---
9. How will each company be profitable? When? This is only about New 
Centerline. When we started this process, the Company had nearly $2 billion in 
liabilities and claims it could not satisfy. We cleared all of that up and now are 
encumbered only by $125 million in bank debt. Our going in cash flow should 
easily take care of that. So on a cash flow basis, which is all that matters, we are 
profitable already and expect to increase that substantially over the years. 
10. Are we moving? Where will each company maintain its HQ? Together, or split? 
What happens to our offices (and employees) outside of NYC and Dallas? We 
sold the Arcap business now called C-III to get our debt down to the level we 
could move forward. It is headquartered in Dallas and will have virtually no 
interaction with New Centerline. We'll do our thing and they can do their's. 
Except for a couple of fund management people here in New York who will 
relocate out of Centerline's New York office, everyone else will stay where they 
are. Everything in the Madison Avenue office is New Centerline and New 
Centerline only. 
II. Will existing departments in Centerline merge? Will any departments be 
eliminated? Created? What is the timeframe? No. Management of Centerline 
will continue to do those things over time to make us more effective, more 
efficient and more valuable to our clients. But this is all normal course and we 
are doing nothing of the sort as a part of this recapitalization transaction. But if 
you have ideas that will make us better, we are all ears. 
12. Will we have the same benefits (PTO policy and health insurance)? There are no 
changes as a part of the transaction. 
13. Will there be a pay increase and bonus plan? This year? Normal merit raises and 
performance bonuses will be continued commensurate with your performance and 
the Company's financial performance. You should know that as a part of our 
restructuring work we freed up the funds to get your 2009 bonus paid and have 
made provisions in our financial plans to pay your timely henceforth. 
14. How does the transaction and division into two companies affect Centerline's 
debt and liabilities? Now and going forward? We have eliminated the major 
liabilities other than the bank debt — Merrill Lynch, Natixis, Blackstone office 
EFTA00726592
--- PAGE 4 ---
lease, Morgan Stanley, etc. We have eliminated virtually all preferred stock puts 
and dividend requirements and converted them to common stockholders. Our 
only debt for all practical purposes is now a $125 million bank loan that does not 
mature for seven years. 
15. When do we expect to be rebranded? How should we refer to each company in 
the meantime when addressing clients? Is there a consistent message/mission 
statement (30-second elevator speech) to describe each company? [need to 
develop this] Until further notice our brand will continue to be Centerline. The 
ArCap business will use the Centerline Servicing name for servicing and then 
only until it is rebranded differently later this year. There will be messaging 
memoranda, etc developed in then coming weeks to help you spread the message 
and help to re-establish our reputation in the market place. 
16. What (consistent) language/message do we use for describing the transaction to 
clients and potential clients, investors, the media? Do we have talking points? 
[need to develop this] You should have all read the press release by now. The 
New Centerline message should be WE'RE BACK - AND BADDER THAN 
EVER. 
17. How much overlap in resources and identity for each company is anticipated? 
None. 
18. Are there new checks and balances in place for company-performance 
monitoring? What are they? All existing will remain in place. In addition, Island 
advisory services and participation on investment committees will enhance the 
existing construct. 
19. Will there be a Town Hall or employee-wide venue to pose and answer these 
questions? Of course. It is being organized presently. 
EFTA00726593

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726594.pdf
----------------------------------------
Newco Questions 
1) What is the name of the new company? 
C-III Capital Partners 
Centerline Servicing LLC will be a wholly owned subsidiary; CSI's name will be 
changed when a branding campaign is launched. 
2) What is the company structure? 
Centerline Servicing LLC (CSI) will be owned by a newly formed private company 
presently called C-III Capital Partners. This company will own all of the CMBS 
fund managing members, all of the balance sheet CMBS, and the special servicer. 
It will also be the exclusive special servicer to all of the Island Capital CMBS 
funds. 
Seperately, Centerline Holdings will continue to operate as an independent public 
company focusing on its core businesses. These will include Low Income Housing 
Tax Credit origination, affordable housing asset management and agency lending. 
Both of these two companies will be externally advised by Anubis Advisors, a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Island Capital. The advisor will provide strategic, 
financial, capital, mergers and acquisition and fund origination advice and 
assistance to the two companies. 
3) Will Andrew et al be visible in Irving? 
Island Capital staff will routinely visit the Irving office. Routine visits will 
occur by George Carleton, Paul Hughson, Bill Jarrard and Brenda Mixson. There 
will be visits, at least quarterly, by Andrew Farkas, Jeff Cohen and Jim Aston. 
4) Will I get new business cards? 
Yes; as soon as the name change and branding campaign commence. 
5) When will an industry press release be out? 
A press announcement will be issued immediately after closing. 
6) Who will be involved in approving business plans/actions on a day to day 
basis? 
Existing Policy will stay in place for the short term. It is understood that Paul 
Smyth and CSI management team are updating the policy and will coordinate with 
Anubis C-III Advisor. 
EFTA00726594
--- PAGE 2 ---
7) Who are the investors in NEWCO? 
Andrew & Island have been investing with the same group of investors for many 
years. They include small institutions and high net worth family offices. Many 
of the investors are the same group who originally backed Insignia. 
8) Do our benefits---insurance, 401K, vacation time stay the same? 
Yes; no changes to take place during the current benefits cycle. 
9) How will the NY and South Carolina offices interface with us on a day to day 
basis via acct and paying bills? 
Still being sorted out; intend on the least amount of inconvenience while 
maintaining required internal controls 
10) Is Newco's financial condition secure/solid? 
Yes; C-III Capital Partners is well capitalized with over $100 million of new 
cash equity. 
11) Are we going to stay in our current location? 
Yes; CSI signed a sub-lease for the existing space expiring in 2017. 
12) What does the org chart for the Servicing Company look like--who will Smyth 
report to? 
Paul will report to the Anubis C-III Advisor, which is an entity controlled by 
Island Capital. Anubis C-III Advisor is essentially run by the senior management 
of Island Capital. 
13) Will we be adding more staff to deal with increased volumes of new business 
and ss transfers? 
Yes; staffing will adjust to meet serviced portfolio requirements. Island will 
work closely with management to meet this requirement. 
14) Will my job responsibilities change? 
Paul Smyth and CSI management team will continue to determine position 
responsibilities. 
15) Will there be new opportunities as we expand the real estate platform? 
Yes; we expect to grow the platform by acquiring special servicing controlling 
positions, contracting additional primary servicing assignments and expand the 
CDO collateral management assignments. Further, C-III Capital Partners will be an 
active sponsor/investor in REO and Real Estate Debt funds. Other possibilities 
would include acquiring or building the property management business and REO 
sales and leasing. 
EFTA00726595
--- PAGE 3 ---
16) Will there be raises and/or a 2009 bonus? 
2009 bonuses have been recommended by CSI management and approved by Anubis. 
These will be paid shortly after closing. CSI management is reviewing salary 
adjustments for the various business lines and will recommend adjustment to 
Anubis C-III Advisor. 
17) What is future comp plan? 
The compensation plan is being developed to retain and attract talent at all 
levels of CSI. Paul Smyth and senior management will be the primary architects 
of the plan, but we are great believers in top compensation plans for top people 
turning out top performance. 
18) Are there any changes in the programs or technology we will use? 
Initially, existing systems and software will be migrated to new servers in 
Dallas. IT, software and subscriptions will continually be assessed for capacity, 
effectiveness, improved delivery of data and cost efficiency. 
19) Can we maintain our current casual dress code in Dallas? 
CSI management team will make these decisions. 
20) How will we interact with remaining Centerline/businesses? 
While Island's entities own 95% of C-III and about 40% of Centerline Holdings, 
and both companies are advised by Anubis entities, they are now separate and 
distinct. Anubis believes that there are many synergies that exist between the 
businesses, especially in areas such as agency lending. As a result, Anubis will 
encourage an active commercial relationship between Centerline and C-III. That 
said, all business arrangements will be on an arms-length basis and subject to a 
high-level of scrutiny. As they are now separate, each has its own set of 
proprietary relationships and priorities so formal lines of communication and 
conflict resolution mechanics will be created and implemented. All of this will 
be developed in the coming months. 
EFTA00726596

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726597.pdf
----------------------------------------
PREFERRED EQUITY FREEZE ENTITY: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
November 14, 2007 
This summary answers common questions about the creation and tax considerations of 
preferred freeze partnerships. Attached is a sample agreement ("Sample Freeze Agreement") 
creating a freeze partnership in the form of a Delaware statutory trust ("Freeze Entity"). Unless 
otherwise defined, all other capitalized terms shall have the meaning defined in the Sample 
Freeze Agreement. 
For more detailed discussion of the issues below, please see the summaries titled 
"Preferred Equity Freeze Entity: Federal Income Tax Aspects" (referred to below as "Income 
Tax Summary") and "Preferred Equity Freeze Entity: Transfer Tax Aspects." This summary is 
not intended to address all tax considerations that may be relevant to an investment in a Freeze 
Entity. In addition, the discussion below does not address state or local tax considerations or 
considerations that may be relevant under the laws of jurisdictions other than the United States. 
IN VIEW OF THE SUMMARY NATURE OF THIS DISCUSSION, EACH PERSON IS 
URGED TO CONSULT HIS, HER OR ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE 
SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO SUCH PERSON OF AN INVESTMENT IN A 
FREEZE ENTITY. 
1. 
NA hat is the purpose of the Freeze Entity? 
The purpose of a Freeze Entity is to "freeze" the rate of appreciation in assets that will be 
included in the senior generation's estate for transfer tax (gift, estate and GST tax) purposes and 
shift the excess appreciation to the junior generation(s) without additional transfer tax. 
2. 
What is the structure of the Freeze Entity? 
A Freeze Entity generally has 3 classes of Units: 
(i) Managing Units: provide general management control over the Freeze Entity and 
holders typically have a collective 1% economic interest. 
(ii) Preferred Units and Residual Units: provide limited management rights and holders 
typically have a collective 99% economic interest. 
(a) 
Preferred Units: provide a "frozen" return equal to the annual preferred 
payment on the Preferred Units and a fixed value on liquidation. The Preferred Units 
provide greater security but limit participation in appreciation of the Freeze Entity assets. 
(b) 
Residual Units: provide excess appreciation in the Freeze Entity assets 
after satisfying the Managing Unit holders' 1% interest, and the Preferred Unit holders' 
preferred return. The Residual Units provide less security but accrue the capital, income 
and appreciation beyond the "frozen;" return to Preferred Unit holders. 
3. 
How will the Freeze Entity be classified for federal income tax purposes? 
For federal income tax purposes, the; Freeze Entity typically is taxed as a partnership. 
CHI99 48790084.079337.0011 
EFTA00726597
--- PAGE 2 ---
PREFERRED EQUITY FREEZE ENTITY: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
4. 
How is the preferred payment rate on Preferred Units set? 
The preferred payment is set to reflect prevailing market rates and to result in a value of 
each Preferred Unit equal to its value on liquidation. For example, relevant factors may include 
the dividend rates of publicly traded preferred stocks, the credit worthiness of the partnership, the 
types of assets within the partnership and the proportion of Preferred Units to other Units. An 
appraisal by a professional valuation expert is often used determine and to document the 
appropriate preferred payment rate. 
5. 
Can a person contribute appreciated assets upon the initial formation of the Freeze 
Entity on an income tax-free basis? 
Generally yes, subject to exceptions further described in the Income Tax Summary. One 
of the most important exceptions is a set of rules (the "Investment Company Rule") that results 
in recognition of gain if the holder's contribution results in diversification, subject to a number of 
exceptions. 
6. 
Can an existing or new holder of Units make an additional contribution to an 
existing Freeze Entity on an income tax-free basis? 
Generally yes, subject to exceptions further described in the Income Tax Summary. 
7. 
Will an additional contribution to a Freeze Entity be grouped together with a prior 
contribution in applying the Investment Company Rules? 
No, unless a subsequent transfer is part of an overall plan from the beginning to diversify 
assets without recognition of gain. For example, if a plan contemplates from the beginning that a 
later transfer to an investment company will occur in a purportedly tax-free transaction, then the 
Investment Company Rules will be applied after the subsequent transfer, regardless of the delay. 
8. 
What is the Freeze Entity's basis in assets contributed to the Freeze Entity for 
income tax purposes? 
The basis of property contributed to the Freeze Entity equals the contributor's adjusted 
basis of the property at the time of the contribution, increased by the amount (if any) of gain 
recognized on the transfer. 
9. 
Can the Freeze Entity own S corporation stock? 
The Freeze Entity typically should not hold S corporation stock because the Freeze Entity 
usually is taxed as a partnership. A partnership is not a permissible S corporation shareholder 
and so the S corporation status would terminate if the Freeze Entity owned its stock. 
10. 
How long can I defer the first preferred payment? How long can I defer the 
preferred payment in any subsequent year? 
-2 - 
CHI99 48790084.079117.0011 
EFTA00726598
--- PAGE 3 ---
PREFERRED EQUITY FREEZE ENTITY: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
A 4-year grace period applies for any preferred payment, whether it is the first or 
subsequent preferred payment. For example, if a preferred payment is initially due on December 
31, 2007, that payment may be deferred for the 4-year grace period until December 31, 2011. 
II. 
What are the consequences if a preferred payment is paid after the end of the 4-year 
grace period? 
If a preferred payment is not fully paid before the end of the 4-year grace period, then a 
phantom amount to the extent of the shortfall will be added to owner's taxable gifts or taxable 
estate when the preferred units are later transferred during life (taxable gift) or at death (taxable 
estate). The phantom amount will be the unpaid preferred payment plus "interest" compounding 
at the preferred payment rate from the original due date of the payment. The penalty for late 
preferred payments can be extremely high, so all preferred payments should be made before the 
end of the 4-year grace period. The manager of the Freeze Entity can use in-kind assets or obtain 
a loan to make payments. 
Example: Assume that a holder owns Preferred Units with a 6% preferred rate, and that a 
$100,000 preferred payment is due on December 31, 2007. The holder does not receive this 
preferred payment within the 4-year grace period ending on December 31, 2011. As of 1 day 
later, on January 1, 2012, the phantom amount to be added to the holder's taxable gifts or taxable 
estate is $126,248, which is the value of the $100,000 preferred payment compounded at 6% for 
years. If the holder receives $100,000 on January 1, 2012, the remaining phantom amount of 
$26,248 continues to compound at 6% per year. 
12. 
Do preferred payments have to be satisfied with cash, or can they be satisfied with 
in-kind assets? 
Distributions to satisfy the preferred payments generally can be made in cash or other 
property valued at fair market value. 
13. 
Can a contributor who originally funded the Freeze Entity loan funds to the Freeze 
Entity to make preferred payments to Preferred Unit holders? 
While the Trustee can borrow funds to make preferred payments, the Preferred Unit 
holder should not loan funds to the Freeze Entity to make preferred payments, as the preferred 
payments may just return the loaned funds back to that holder. To avoid any dispute regarding 
the economic substance of the transfers or whether the Trustee has impermissibly satisfied the 
preferred payment with a note in violation of applicable tax rules, the Trustee should seek loans 
from sources other than the Preferred Unit holder. 
14. 
How will taxable income of the Freeze Entity be allocated to the holders of Units? 
Will taxable income be allocated to a holder regardless of whether the holder 
receives any distribution from the Freeze Entity? 
Income realized in a tax year first is allocated to the holders to whom losses were 
previously allocated. Once all prior losses have been restored, 1% of all realized income and 
gain in a tax year is allocated among the holders of Managing Units, and 99% of the taxable 
- 3 - 
CHI99 48790084.079337.0011 
EFTA00726599
--- PAGE 4 ---
PREFERRED EQUITY FREEZE ENTITY: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
income should be allocated among the Preferred Unit holders until the outstanding amounts of 
their unpaid preferred payments are satisfied and then to Residual Unit holders. The tax 
character of the income allocated to a holder is the same as the tax character when owned by the 
Freeze Entity. Taxable income of the Freeze Entity may be allocated to a holder in the Freeze 
Entity even if no distributions are made to that holder. 
An example of the income tax allocations is contained in the Income Tax Summary. 
15. 
What are the income tax consequences of preferred payments to the Preferred Unit 
holder? 
As noted in the preceding Question, an amount of taxable income equal to the annual 
preferred payment generally will be allocated to the partner each year whether or not the 
payment actually is made. The preferred payment, itself, generally does not have further income 
tax consequences, subject to rare exceptions described in the Income Tax Summary. 
16. 
Can a holder of any Units withdraw? If so, what are the tax consequences to 
exercise or non-exercise of the right to withdraw? 
A holder can withdraw as to any one or more Units if the following persons approve the 
withdrawal: 
(a) 
Managing Unit: Trustee. 
(b) 
Preferred Unit: Trustee and holders of a majority of Preferred Units. 
(c) 
Residual Unit: Trustee and holders of a majority of each class of Units. 
No gift tax consequence should result from the failure to withdraw Units if market rates 
rise above the preferred rate because an independent Trustee's approval is required and a holder 
cannot withdraw Preferred Units freely. 
No gift tax consequences should result from withdrawal of Units because they must be 
redeemed at full value. A taxable gift between the holder of the withdrawn Units and the other 
Unit holders could result if the Units are not properly valued for purposes of redemption. 
The income tax consequences of withdrawal depend on whether or not the holder 
withdraws completely as to all of the holder's Units in the Freeze Entity. If a holder withdraws 
completely from the Freeze Entity for cash, the holder will recognize gain equal to the excess of 
the cash amount over the tax basis of the holder's Units. (For example, such basis may be less 
than the cash amount if the Preferred Units originally were issued in exchange for appreciated 
property.) If a holder withdraws completely from the Freeze Entity in exchange for a 
distribution of securities from the Freeze Entity, the withdrawal may be tax-free or taxable 
depending on factors discussed in the Income Tax Summary. If a holder withdraws with respect 
to some, but not all, of the holder's Units, the holder generally will recognize gain only to the 
extent that the cash amount received exceeds the holder's aggregate tax basis for all of the 
holder's Units. 
- 4 - 
CHI99 48790084.079117.0011 
EFTA00726600
--- PAGE 5 ---
PREFERRED EQUITY FREEZE ENTITY: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
17. 
What arc the tax consequences of the death of a holder of Preferred Units? 
A holder's Preferred Units will be assets included in the holder's taxable estate and they 
are not valued with any discount. In addition, if any preferred payments were not timely paid 
within the 4-year grace period after the original due date and remain outstanding at death, then a 
phantom amount also will be added to the taxable estate. See Question #11 above. 
For income tax purposes, the deceased holder's adjusted tax basis in any Units in the 
Freeze Entity owned at death is increased (or decreased) to equal the fair market value of those 
Units for federal estate tax purposes. The Freeze Entity should file a Section 754 election with 
its tax return for the year in which the death occurred (assuming the Freeze Entity has not 
previously made a Section 754 election) to adjust the tax basis of its assets to reflect the 
adjustment to the tax basis of the Units resulting from the death. 
18. 
Can my private foundation hold Units? 
Yes, your private foundation (and any other charitable organization to which transfers 
qualify for income, gift and estate tax charitable deductions) can hold Units. However, rules that 
prohibit private foundations from investments that jeopardize the execution of its tax-exempt 
function will affect whether Units are an appropriate investment for a particular private 
foundation. 
19. 
Can the senior generation retain investment control of the Freeze Entity? 
Yes, the senior generation can retain investment control by holding Managing Units. 
Managing Unit holders can appoint and remove Investment Managers to direct the Trustee as to 
the investment of any assets. A member of the senior generation also can act as an Investment 
Manager. Under current law, such retention of control over investments should not cause the 
assets to be included in the Managing Unit holder's estate because of each Investment Manager's 
fiduciary duties. 
20. 
Will a Freeze Entity be subject to the IRS's ongoing challenges to Tamil) limited 
partnerships ("FLPs") under Section 2036? 
The IRS may be less likely to challenge a Freeze Entity than a standard FLP for several 
reasons. The IRS has challenged the validity of many FLPs where the original contributor 
continues to treat the FLP as his/her personal assets and actually has not surrendered any rights 
or interests in those assets. In those cases, participants are not actually operating a true 
partnership. In contrast, the Preferred Units provide genuine liquidity to holders who need not 
undermine the partnership by relying on partnership assets for their ongoing living expenses. 
The Preferred Units also are not valued with a discount for transfer tax purposes, eliminating the 
primary reason why the IRS challenges FLPs. In addition, the Freeze Entity has a substantial 
non-tax purpose of allowing Unit holders to vary their shares of management control, liquidity 
and investment risk through the disproportionate issuance of Managing, Preferred and Residual 
Units. Finally, the repeal of former Section 2036 and substitution of special valuation rules like 
Section 2701 (which governs Freeze Entities) would be meaningless if Section 2036 applies to 
include the Freeze Entity assets in Unit holders' taxable estates. 
- 5 - 
CHI99 48790084.079117.0011 
EFTA00726601
--- PAGE 6 ---
PREFERRED EQUITY FREEZE ENTITY: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
21. 
Can separate series with separate accounts in the DST be created for subsequent 
contributions to the DST? How do they operate? What are the tax consequences? 
Yes, separate series could be created in the DST for subsequent contributions. Each 
separate series is like a separate subsidiary within the Freeze Entity. Each can have different and 
separate Unit holders, Investment Managers, assets, liabilities, governance provisions and 
relative rights, powers and duties. The separate series are typically created primarily for 
accounting purposes since liability is not an issue. 
The issuance of new Units in a series due to an additional contribution must maintain the 
1% proportion of Managing Units. The remaining 99% of new Units could be issued in any ratio 
between Preferred and Residual Units (subject to the minimum 10% Residual Units floor). 
22. 
How do valuation discounts applicable to in-kind contributions to the Freeze Entity 
affect capital accounts and the preferred payment rate? 
Any valuation discount applicable to a holder's contribution will reduce the holder's 
capital account and the annual preferred payment amount to the holder, as both are based on the 
value of the contribution. 
23. 
What factors support the position that the Preferred Units should be considered 
equity rather than debt for income tax purposes? 
The determination of whether a person's interest in a partnership should be treated as debt 
or equity for federal income tax purposes is primarily a factual analysis. Generally, an equity 
holder intends to make an investment and take the risks of the venture. Thus, an equity holder 
obtains an ownership interest in the enterprise and his/her fortune is tied to the profitability of the 
enterprise. In contrast, the creditor seeks a definite obligation, payable in any event. Debt is 
ordinarily defined as an unqualified obligation to pay a sum certain at a reasonably fixed maturity 
date, along with a fixed percentage in interest payable regardless of the debtor's income or lack 
thereof. 
The Freeze Entity is not absolutely obligated to pay to the Preferred Unit holders a sum 
certain at a reasonably fixed maturity date regardless of the Freeze Entity's income. Instead, 
preferred payments are permitted only to the extent the Freeze Entity has generated cumulative 
net profits since the formation of the Freeze Entity. Thus, Preferred Unit holders assume the risk 
that the Freeze Entity will not generate sufficient profits to satisfy the preferred payments. Other 
factors supporting equity treatment are that the Preferred Units do not have a maturity date and 
the holders cannot exercise creditors' remedies. 
24. 
What occurrences would cause the Trustee to elect to revalue the Freeze Entity 
assets? How does revaluation affect the Unit holders' capital accounts for income 
tax purposes? 
The most likely occurrence requiring revaluation of the Freeze entity assets would be the 
addition of a new Unit holder. In that case, revaluation avoids unfair allocation of existing tax 
gains to the incoming holder who did not benefit from that gain. 
- 6 - 
CHI99 48790084.079337.0011 
EFTA00726602
--- PAGE 7 ---
PREFERRED EQUITY FREEZE ENTITY: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
Generally, a Unit holder's capital account is increased by the fair market value of 
property that the holder contributed to the Freeze Entity, and decreased by the fair market value 
of property distributed to the Unit holder from the Freeze Entity, regardless of the adjusted basis 
in the property contributed or distributed. The term "Carrying Value" as used in the Sample 
Trust Agreement refers to the value of property held by the Freeze Entity as reflected in the Unit 
holders' capital accounts. 
The Treasury Regulations provide that the Freeze Entity may elect to revalue all Freeze 
Entity property, and increase or decrease the Unit holders' capital accounts to reflect such 
revaluation, upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(i) 
A non-de minimis, non-pm rata contribution of money or other property to the 
Freeze Entity by a new or existing Unit holder as consideration for a Unit; 
(ii) 
A non-de minimis, non-pro rata distribution of money or other property by the 
Freeze Entity to a retiring or continuing partner as consideration for a Unit; or 
(iii) 
The grant of Units representing a non-de minimis interest in the Freeze Entity as 
consideration for providing services to or for the benefit of the Freeze Entity by 
an existing or new Unit holder. 
If the Trustee elects to revalue the assets of the Freeze Entity, each Unit holder's capital 
account will be increased or decreased by its share of the unrealized appreciation (or loss) in 
each Freeze Entity asset (measured by the capital account value of the asset immediately prior to 
the revaluation) based on its share of ownership in the Freeze Entity. A revaluation of the Freeze 
Entity's assets upon the occurrence of one of these events is not a taxable event for income tax 
purposes. Accordingly, it should only affect tax allocations and should not otherwise affect the 
economic interests of Unit holders. 
25. 
Are there involuntary events which terminate the Freeze Entity? If so, can the 
Freeze Entity be reconstituted without any adverse tax consequences? 
The Freeze Entity will be deemed to "constructively" terminate (solely for income tax 
purposes) if there is a sale or exchange of 50 percent or more of the total interest in the capital 
and profits of the Freeze Entity within a 12-month period. For an investment vehicle like the 
Freeze Entity, the primary income tax effects of a constructive termination are that (I) the new 
Freeze Entity must make new tax elections and (2) the terminated Freeze Entity must file a short-
year final tax return for the taxable year ending with the date of its termination. 
* 
* 
* 
* 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: To comply with requirements imposed by the IRS, we inform 
you that any U.S. federal tax advice contained herein (including any attachments), unless 
specifically stated otherwise, is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for 
the purposes of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, 
marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter herein. 
- 7 - 
CHI99 48790084.079117.0011 
EFTA00726603

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726604.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page I 
Q. LexisNexis® 
of I DOCUMENT 
Copyright 2010 ICC Information Group Ltd. 
ICC Financial Analysis Reports 
ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and makes no warranties regarding 
merchantability or suitability of material for a particular purpose. 
May 6, 2010 
FCF UK (A) III LIMITED 
LONDON 
WIS 3PD 
COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * * 
REGISTRATION NO.: 05766570 
COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * * 
INCORPORATION DATE: April 3, 2006 
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATIONEngland/Wales 
EMPLOYEES: 12 
CORPORATE STRUCTURE 
HOLDING COMPANY: Fortress Capital Finance III (A) LLC 
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY: FORTRESS INVESTMENT FUND HOLDINGS (GP) LLC 
EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * * 
DIRECTORS: 
Mr John Malcolm Morrissey, Accountant 
Acc Mr Robert Ian, Kauffman 
Investment Professional Aod Mrs, Miriam 
Thomas General Counsel Aod 
Wesley Robert Edens Investment Professional, Ceo 
Mr Randal Alan Nardone, Coo 
Aod 
Go To ICC Directors 
SECRETARY: 
. 
MRRANDAL ALANNARDONE, C OPERATIONS O 
DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * * 
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: To research opportunities for investment in residential 
INDUSTRY TYPE: 
COMPANY TYPE: Private Limited with sham capital 
EFTA00726604
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
ICC Financial Analysis Reports, 5/6/2010, FCF UK (A) III LIMITED 
COMPANY SIZE: Large unquoted company 
MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * * 
SIC: 
74849 - Other business activities not elsewhere classified 
FINANCIALS * **** * * * * * 
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2008 
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31 
LAST FILED ACCOUNTS: December 31, 2009 
ACCOUNTS TYPE: Full Accounts 
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE: April 30, 2010 
ANNUAL RETURN: April 3, 2010 
CREDIT LIMIT: 30,000 
BALANCE SHEET " 
" 
" 
" 
ASSETS 
" 
Date of Accounts 
31/12/2008 
31/12/2007 
31/12/2006 
Tangible Assets 
23,000 
13,000 
Intangible Assets 
Total Fixed Assets 
23,000 
13,000 
Stocks 
Debtors 
Cash 
41,000 
1,114,000 
Miscellaneous Current Assets 
2,515,000 
1,601,000 
Other Current Assets 
2,556,000 
2,715,000 
Total Current Assets 
2,556,000 
2,715,000 
Fixed Assets 
13,000 
3,000 
Intermediate Assets 
10,000 
10,000 
Due From Group, Non Current 
Due From Group, Current 
2,432,000 
1,493,000 
TOTAL ASSETS 
2,579,000 
2,728,000 
LIABILITIES 
Date of Accounts 
31/12/2008 
31/12/2007 
31/12/2006 
Creditors 
Bank Overdraft 
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities 
2,110,000 
2,533,000 
72,000 
Bank Loans - Current Portion 
Other Short Term Finance 
77,000 
58,000 
62,000 
Due To Group, Current 
77,000 
58,000 
62,000 
Due To Directors, Current 
Other Current Liabilities 
2,033,000 
2,475,000 
10,000 
Short Term Loans 
77,000 
58,000 
62,000 
Long Term Loans 
Long Term Banlc Loan 
Other Long Term Finance 
Due To Group, Non Current 
Due To Directors, Non Current 
Other Long Term Liabilities 
Total Current Liabilities 
2,110,000 
2,533,000 
72,000 
Total Long Term Liabilities 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
2,110,000 
2,533,000 
72,000 
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry Reserves 
EFTA00726605
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
ICC Financial Analysis Reports, 5/6/2010, FCF UK (A) III LIMITED 
LIABILITIES 
Date of Accounts 
31/1212008 
31/1212007 
31/1212006 
Profit & Loss Account Reserve 
469,000 
195,000 
-72000 
Revaluation Reserve 
Shareholder Funds 
469,000 
195.000 
-72000 
Called Up Sham Capital 
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants) 
Contingent Liabilities 
NET ASSETS 
469,000 
195.000 
-72000 
INCOME STATEMENT 
PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT 
Date of Accounts 
31/12/2008 
31/12/2007 
31/12/2006 
Total Sales 
3,885,000 
4,194,000 
Cost of Sales 
Gross Profit 
-
Operating Profit 
-1071000 
-1270000 
-72000 
Export 
3,885,000 
4,194,000 
Nontrading Income 
24,000 
38,000 
Interest Payable 
Pretax Profit 
-1047000 
-1232000 
-72000 
Taxation 
104,000 
115,000 
Profit After Tax 
-1151000 
-1347000 
-72000 
Dividends Payable 
Retained Profits 
-1151000 
-1347000 
-72000 
Value Added 
1,810,296 
2,134,632 
Capital Employed 
469,000 
195,000 
-72000 
Net Worth 
469,000 
195,000 
-72000 
Working Capital 
446,000 
182,000 
-72000 
Emp. Renumeration 
2,599,000 
3,083,000 
Dir. Renumeration 
Audit Fees 
25,000 
22,000 
10,000 
Non-audit Fees 
Depreciation 
12,000 
1,000 
Number of Employees 
I I 
OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * 
GROWTH RATES 
* * * * * * 
Date of Accounts 
Years 
Years 
Years 
Sales 
-7 
Pretax 
Total Assets 
-6 
Current Assets 
-6 
Current Liabilities 
-17 
2,831 
Capital Employed 
141 
Employee Wages 
-16 
Number of Employees 
INDUSTRY AVERAGES 
Compared to 1,940 companies in the same industry sector 
(year ending 2008) 
SIC Code: 
74849 Other business activities not elsewhere classified 
EFTA00726606
--- PAGE 4 ---
ICC Financial Analysis Reports, 5/6/2010, FCF UK (A) III LIMITED 
INDUSTRY QUARTILES 
Lower 
Median 
Page 4 
Upper 
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%) 
0.00 
18.11 
62.42 
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%) 
-0.41 
4.97 
20.00 
Pretax Profit / Sales (%) 
-0.10 
3.66 
15.04 
Sales / Total Assets (%) 
53.67 
148.21 
288.02 
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x 365 
58.67 
19.93 
0.00 
Current Assets / Current Liabilities 
0.94 
1.19 
2.21 
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP) 
21,486.96 
43,147.00 
84,080.85 
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP) 
21,407.14 
33,479.41 
56,765.20 
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP) 
62,714.29 
133,155.0 
310,300.0 
Wages / Turnover (%) 
48.97 
30.68 
12.91 
CREDIT 
RATING 
Year 0= 
Year -1 = 
Year -2 = 
Year -3 = 
RATIOS * * * * 
" 
" 
Date of Accounts 
31/12/2008 
31/12/2007 
31/12/2006 
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%) 
-223.24 
-631.79 
Pretax Profit / Assets (%) 
-40.60 
45.16 
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%) 
-223.24 
-631.79 
Pretax Profit / Sales (%) 
-26.95 
-29.38 
Sales / Total Assets (%) 
150.64 
153.74 
Sales / Fixed Assets (%) 
298.85 
1,398.00 
Export / Sales (%) 
100.00 
100.00 
Working Capital / Sales (%) 
11.48 
4.34 
Sales / Stocks 
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x 365 
0.00 
0.00 
Current Assets / Current Liabilities 
1.21 
1.07 
0.00 
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities 
1.21 
1.07 
0.00 
Total Debt / Net Worth (%) 
16.42 
29.74 
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets 
0.18 
0.07 
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%) 
16.42 
29.74 
Interest / Pm Interest Profit (%) 
0.00 
0.00 
Current Liabilities / Stocks 
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP) 
216,583.3 
280,272.7 
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%) 
66.90 
73.51 
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP) 
-87250.0 
-112000. 
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP) 
323,750.0 
381,272.7 
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees 
39,083.33 
17,727.27 
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP) 
1,083.33 
272.73 
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP) 
214,916.6 
248,000.0 
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%) 
-57.84 
-57.71 
Value Added / Sales (%) 
46.60 
50.90 
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP) 
150,858.0 
194,057.4 
Value Added / Employee Remuneration 
0.70 
0.69 
Sales / Audit Fees 
155.40 
190.64 
0.00 
Total Assets / Audit Fees 
103.16 
124.00 
0.00 
EFTA00726607
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
ICC Financial Analysis Reports, 5/6/2010, FCF UK (A) III LIMITED 
Date of Accounts 
Creditors / Debtors 
Total Debt / Working Capital 
Total Debt / Total Assets 
SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * * 
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 469,000 
SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * * 
AUDITOR: Ernst & Young LLP 
LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2010 
31/12/2008 
31/12/2007 
31/12/2006 
0.17 
0.32 
0.03 
0.02 
EFTA00726608

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726609.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page I 
LexisNexis® 
of 1 DOCUMENT 
Copyright 2010 ICC Information Group Ltd. 
ICC Shareholder Reports 
ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and makes no warranties regarding 
merchantability or suitability of material for a particular purpose. 
May 14, 2010 
FCF UK (A) III LIMITED 
REGISTERED ADDRESS: 
, LONDON, WIS 3PD 
COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * * 
REGISTRATION NO: 05766570 
SECURITIES INFORMATION 
COMPANY TYPE: Unquoted Company; Not Filing Bulk Lists 
LAST ISSUED CAPITAL (GBP): 1.00 
CURRENCY: Pound Sterling 
ANNUAL RETURNS: 
Date 
Number of Shareholders 
Bank 
Total Issued Capital (GBP) 
03/04/2010 
1.00 
03/04/2009 
1.00 
03/04/2008 
1.00 
03/04/2007 
1.00 
SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE: 
Class of Share: ORDINARY 
Number of Shares: 
Aggregate Nominal Value (GBP): 1 000 
Share Value (GBP): 1.000 
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 1 
SHAREHOLDERS: 
Fortress Capital Finance III (A) LLC 
Address: 
New York, 10105USA 
Share Class: 
ORDINARY 
Share Issue Number: 
(Individual) 
Number of Shares: 
Aggregate Value (GBP): 
1.000 
LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2010 
EFTA00726609

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726610.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page I 
LexisNexiC 
of 99 DOCUMENTS 
Copyright 2010 ICC Information Group Ltd. 
ICC Directory of UK Companies 
ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and makes no warranties regarding 
merchantability or suitability of material for a particular purpose. 
May 25, 2010 
LAST UPDATED: October 7, 2009 
FCF 
(A) III LIMITED 
LONDON 
W1S 3PD 
UNITED KINGDOM 
PREVIOUS ADDRESS: 
LONDON, W1.1 8BA 
DATE OF ADDRESS CHANGE: November 11, 2006 
COMPANY IDENTIFIERS 
REGISTRATION NO.: 05766570 
COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * * 
INCORPORATION DATE: April 3, 2006 
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTFtATIONEngland/Wales 
LEGAL STATUS: Private Limited with share capital 
OPERATING STATUS: Large unquoted company; Live company 
EMPLOYEES: 12 
CORPORATE STRUCTURE 
PARENTS: 
▪ 
FORTRESS INVESTMENT FUND HOLDINGS (GP) LLC 
▪ 
Fortress Capital Finance III (A) LLC 
EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * * 
ICC Directors 
* * * * ****** MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * * 
UK SIC CODE: 
* * * * * * * * 
FINANCIALS * * * * * * * 
* 
EFTA00726610
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
ICC Directory of UK Companies, 05/25/2010, FCF UK (A) III LIMITED 
ACCOUNTS-DETAILS: 
DATE OF LAST ANNUAL RETURN: April 3, 2010 
LAST FILED ACCOUNTS: December 31, 2009 
ACCOUNTS TYPE: Full Accounts 
ACCOUNTING REFERENCE DATE: December 31 
ISSUED CAPITAL: 1 
Date of Accounts 
31/12/2008 
31/12/2007 
31/12/2006 
Turnover(GBP) 
3,885,000 
4,194,000 
Net Assets(GBP) 
469,000 
195,000 
-72,000 
ICC Financial Analysis Reports 
SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * * 
ICC Shareholders Reports 
FILING HISTORY: 
Date Received 
Document Type 
19/06/2009 
Change among the directors of a company 
16/06/2009 
Change among the directors of a company 
09/07/2008 
Change among the directors of a company 
24/04/2008 
Change among the directors of a company 
18/08/2006 
Change among the directors of a company 
12/06/2006 
Change among the directors of a company 
24/05/2006 
Change among the directors of a company 
PREVIOUS NAME: HACKREMCO (NO. 2360) LIMITED 
DATE OF NAME CHANGE: May 12, 2006 
LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2010 
EFTA00726611

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726612.pdf
----------------------------------------
SIR BANI YAS 
FORUM 
THE MIDDLE EAST, ENERGY & SECURITY 
INAUGURAL ANNUAL RETREAT 
CO-ORGANISED BY 
THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
AND THE INTERNATIONAL PEACE INSTITUTE 
Qasr Al Sarab, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates 
November 5 - 8, 2010 
AGENDA 
EFTA00726612
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 4 
FRIDAY 5 NOVEMBER 
Participants' arrival and check-in at the Qasr Al Sarab Desert Resort 
20:00 
Welcoming Dinner 
SATURDAY 6 NOVEMBER 
9:30 — 9:45 
Opening Remarks by Hosts 
Introduction 
HH Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the United Arab 
Emirates 
Terje Rod-Larsen, President, International Peace Institute 
9:45 — 10:00 Video Presentation: "Local Change, Global Impact: The Middle East & The World" 
10:00 — 10:30 Keynote Address 
HE Mr. Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian National Authority 
10:30 — 12:30 Session 1. Interdependence: The World and the Middle East 
A session on emerging geopolitical and global security. economic. development and media 
trends and their impact on the Middle East. The Foreign Ministers will be joined by: 
Daniel Yergin, Chairman, IHS Cambridge Energy Research Associates 
Gilles Kepel, Professor, Sciences Po Paris; Senior Fellow, London School of 
Economics and Political Science 
Claire Spencer, Head, Middle East & North Africa Programme, The Royal Institute of 
International Affairs, Chatham House 
HRH Prince Faisal bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, Chairman, Saudi Research & 
Marketing Group 
Plenary Discussion Moderated by: Lyse Doucet, Correspondent and Presenter, 
BBC World News 
12:30 — 14:00 Lunch 
EFTA00726613
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
14:00 — 16:00 Session 2. The Middle East Peace Process 
Where is the Israeli-Palestinian peace process going? What can be done? The session will 
begin with a presentation of a public opinion survey of politics and policy in Palestine. Israel 
and Lebanon by Craig Charney. President of Charney Research and lPl Senior Adviser. The 
Foreign Ministers will be joined by: 
Yasser Abed Rabbo, Secretary-General of the Palestine Liberation Organization 
Dan Meridor, Deputy Prime Minister of Israel and Minister Responsible for 
Intelligence Services and the Atomic Energy Commission (via video-link) 
Martin Indyk, Vice President and Director of Foreign Policy, Brookings Institution 
Robert Malley, Middle East and North Africa Program Director, International Crisis 
Group 
Plenary Discussion Moderated by: Hala Gorani, Reporter and Anchor, CNN 
International 
16:00 - 19:00 Bilateral Meetings and Recreational Activities 
19:00 - 22:00 Dinner and Evening Program 
Keynote Address 
Arianna Huffington, Co-Founder and Editor-in-Chief, The Huffington Post 
SUNDAY 7 NOVEMBER 
10:00 — 12:00 Session 3. Geopolitics: Iran and the Middle East 
What are the prevailing geopolitical dynamics in the Middle East and what is the role of Iran? 
The session will begin with a presentation of the results from a public opinion poll in Iran by 
Craig Charney, President of Charney Research and !PI Senior Adviser. The Foreign Ministers 
will be joined by: 
Robert Kagan, Senior Fellow of the Foreign Policy Program, Brookings Institution 
Joschka Fischer, Former Foreign Minister of Germany and Managing Partner, 
Joschka Fischer & Company 
Ghassan Salame, Dean of PSIA, the Paris School of International Affairs and 
professor at Sciences Po (Paris) and Columbia University (NY) 
Bruce Riedel, Senior Fellow, Foreign Policy, Saban Center for Middle East Policy, 
Brookings Institution 
Plenary Discussion Moderated by: Lyse Doucet, Correspondent and Presenter, 
BBC World News 
EFTA00726614
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 4 
12:00 — 14:00 Lunch 
14:00 — 16:00 Session 4. Energy, Security and the Middle East 
Meeting the growing demand for energy. securing access to resources, and developing 
alternative sources are just a few of the challenges that the world has to face in the area of 
energy. What are the implications of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East? Is there space 
for security cooperation in the region? The Foreign Ministers will be joined by: 
Vali Nasr, Professor of International Politics at the Fletcher School of Law and 
Diplomacy, Tufts University 
Anthony Cordesman, Arleigh A. Burke Chair in Strategy, Center for Strategic and 
International Studies 
Jeroen van der Veer, former CEO, Shell 
Lady Barbara Judge, Chairman Emeritus, United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority 
Plenary Discussion Moderated by: James P. Rubin, US President of Atlantic 
Partnership 
16:00 - 19:00 Bilateral Meetings and Recreational Activities 
19:00 - 22:00 Dinner and Evening Program 
MONDAY 8 NOVEMBER 
10:00 -10:45 Special Address 
Tony Blair, Quartet Representative 
10:45 — 11:00 Wrap-Up by Hosts 
This concluding session will reflect on the retreat conversations and discuss the way forward 
in the Middle East. 
HH Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the United Arab 
Emirates 
Terje Rod-Larsen, President, International Peace Institute 
11:15 — 16:00 Bilateral Meetings and Recreational Activities 
17:00 
Check-out and Departure 
EFTA00726615

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726616.pdf
----------------------------------------
DUKES HOTEL LIMITED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
January 2010 
Prepared by: 
Olivia Lord 
Distribution: Michael Scully 
Shaju Perinchery 
Cordon Campbell Gray 
Bhulo Kansagra 
Lisa Forrell 
Simon Hirst 
Patrice Tonini 
Debrah Dhugga 
EFTA00726616
--- PAGE 2 ---
INDEX 
PAGE 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Summary Profit & Loss - Month 
Summary Profit & Loss - Year-to-date 
Headcount - Month 
Headcount - Year-to-date 
Balance Sheet 
Yearly Outlook - Actual Forecast 
Yearly Outlook - Actual Budget 
Hotel Summary 
DEPARTMENTAL PROFIT & LOSS 
Rooms Division 
Reception 
Concierge 
Reservations 
Housekeeping 
F&B Division 
The Dining Room 
The Drawing Room 
Dukes Bar 
Room Service 
Meeting and Private Dining 
Minibar 
Kitchen 
Food and Beverage Administration 
Telephone 
Laundry & Valet 
Health Club 
Other Income 
Administration Division 
Executive Office 
Finance 
Human Resources 
Sales and Marketing 
Utilities 
Repairs and Maintenance 
Fixed Charges 
EFTA00726617
--- PAGE 3 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
HOTEL SUMMARY 
ACTUAL 
Month 
BUDGET 
January 2010 
LAST YEAR 
VAR. BUDGET 
VAR. LAST YR 
Available Rooms 
2,790 
2.790 
2.790 
Occupancy % 
58.8% 
60.3% 
58.9% 
.1.5% 
9.1% 
Occupied Rooms 
1,525 
1,674 
1,622 
(49) 
Complimentary Rooms 
(5) 
Guests 
2,134 
2.203 
2.143 
(69) 
(9) 
Average Room Rate 
23152 
214.60 
201.99 
1711 
29.83 
RevPar 
136.27 
129.38 
118.88 
6.89 
17.39 
REVENUE 
Rooms 
380,180 
360,964 
331,668 
19216 
5.3% 
18,512 
144% 
Food le Beverage 
123,751 
126,140 
122,113 
(2,389) 
-1.9% 
1,608 
Is% 
Telephone 
831 
1,278 
1,429 
(447) 
-350% 
(598) 
-418% 
Health Club& Spa 
3.393 
5346 
3,339 
(1,953) 
-365% 
16% 
Laundry / Valet 
3.387 
3,108 
2.268 
278 
9.4% 
1,118 
493% 
Other Operating 
3.230 
4,424 
4,114 
(1,193) 
-270% 
(884) 
-215% 
TOTAL REVENUE 
514,773 
501,260 
464,961 
13,513 
27% 
49,812 
10.7% 
DEPARTMENT INCOME 
Rooms 
255,722 
49.7% 
236,347 
472% 
207,113 
443% 
19,375 
82% 
48,609 
235% 
Food le Beverage 
19,949 
33% 
3,615 
5.1% 
28,666 
62% 
(5,665) 
-22.1% 
(8,716) 
-304% 
Telephone 
222 
90% 
1,0'S 
0.2% 
3,574 
NA 
(801) 
-783% 
(3,353) 
431% 
Health Club& Spa 
(179) 
an 
600 
0.1% 
DAM 
.04% 
(784) 
429.6% 
1,488 
393% 
Laundry/ Valet 
(715) 
en 
311 
on 
360 
on 
(1,026) 
.3300% 
(1,074) -H39% 
Other Operating 
2,910 
116% 
2.123 
0.5% 
3,717 
oss 
487 
10.1% 
(887) 
-23.4% 
TOTAL DEPT. INCOME 
277,910 
54.0% 
266,324 
53.1% 
241,843 
sem 
11,586 
sm 
36,067 
14.9% 
Admin.& General 
45,959 
tax 
40,261 
o.os 
40,949 
es% 
5,697 
142% 
5,010 
122% 
Sales & Marketing 
33.676 
6.5% 
31,626 
6.3% 
33,645 
72% 
2,460 
63% 
0.1% 
Repairs & Maintenance 
27.293 
5.3% 
30,529 
6.1% 
31,820 
6)3% 
(3,236) 
-196% 
(4.527) 
-142% 
Heat Light & Power 
11,146 
22% 
10,249 
2.0% 
13,865 
3/3% 
896 
82% 
(2,719) 
-194% 
TOTAL OVERHEAD DEPT. 
118,073 
239% 
112,666 
=3% 
120,278 
EA% 
5,407 
4.8% 
(2.205) 
4.8% 
GROSS OPERATING PROFIT 
159,836 
31.0% 
153,657 
352% 
121,564 
26.1% 
6,179 
4.0% 
38,272 
313% 
Insurance 
1.857 
A4% 
5,194 
1.0% 
(3,926) 
es% 
(3,337) 
-643% 
5,783 
-147.3% 
Rates 
32,242 
6.3% 
32.258 
6.4% 
30,165 
63% 
(16) 
183% 
2,077 
6.9% 
Rent & Senice Charges 
Lease Equipment 
40,716 
750 
73% 
91% 
26,701 
5.3% 
0.0% 
22,967 
4.9% 
00% 
14,014 
750 
us% 
0A% 
17,7490
750
773%
0;
Management Fees 
22.192 
4.3% 
21,376 
4.3% 
18,595 
4/3% 
817 
3)3% 
3,998 
193% 
FF&E Reserves 
20,552 
40% 
20,050 
4.0% 
18,598 
40% 
501 
23% 
1,553 
103% 
Other Fixed Costs 
592 
an. 
• 
an. 
4,852 
10% 
592 
WA 
(4,260) 
-878% 
EB1TDA 
40,936 
to% 
48,078 
9.6% 
30,314 
63% 
(5,232) 
44.9% 
11,913 
35.0% 
Depreciation 
16,775 
3.3% 
17,167 
3.4% 
34,600 
7A% 
(392) 
-23% 
(17,825) 
-515% 
Interest 
84,750 
16.5% 
79,620 
159% 
86,356 
136% 
5,130 
6.4% 
(1,606) 
-1.9% 
NET PROFIT 
(60,589) noso 
$8,7016 
4.7% 
(90,642) 493% 
(9,976) 
24.4% 
31,344 
432% 
FINANCIAL STATEMEN15 20119 2010 . 09101AN 2010v / SUMMARY P&L 
Pap 3 of 52 
15/02/2010/ 1219 
EFTA00726618
--- PAGE 4 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited: Year-to-date January 2010 
HOI FL SUMNIAR1 
ACTUAL 
BUDGET 
LAST YEAR 
VAR. BUDGET 
VAR. LAST YR 
Available Rooms 
27.540 
27,540 
27,510 
Occupancy % 
71.6% 
74.5% 
73.3% 
4.8% 
4.7% 
Occupied Rooms 
19,576 
20,359 
20,007 
(783) 
(431) 
Complimentary Rooms 
151 
152 
191 
(37) 
Guests 
27,345 
26,924 
26,324 
421 
1,021 
Average Room Rate 
247.01 
732.73 
236.56 
14.79 
10.48 
RevPar 
176.98 
172.97 
173.50 
4.01 
3.49 
REVENUE 
Rooms 
4,874,149 
4,763,719 
4,778,061 
110.631 
23% 
96,088 
20% 
Food & Beverage 
1,473,726 
1,487,894 
1,394,444 
04360 
.13% 
29,282 
2.1% 
Telephone 
15,733 
19,792 
31,461 
(4,059) 
-203% 
(15,731) 
-500% 
Health Club& Spa 
36729 
52.377 
36,513 
(13,618) 
-26.1% 
2,215 
6.1% 
Laundry/Valet 
36,178 
36344 
41,427 
(165) 
-03% 
(5,248) 
-127% 
Other Operating 
36118 
51,786 
38,965 
(16,669) 
-30.4% 
(847) 
-22% 
TOTAL REVENUE 
6,426,633 
6A14,911 
6.320,874 
11,722 
02% 
105,759 
1.7% 
DEPARTMENT INCOME 
Rooms 
3,528,233 
54.9% 
3,426.847 
533% 
3,360,494 
532% 
101,386 
30% 
167,738 
50% 
Food & Beverage 
413,275 
63% 
430,591 
6.7% 
332,228 
5.3% 
(25,317) 
-5.9% 
73,017 
220% 
Telephone 
(8.730) 
OA% 
14,854 
0.2% 
6,968 
01% 
(23,134) 
.155.7% 
(15,248) me.s% 
Health Club& Spa 
(4.572) 
-0.1% 
5,246 
OA% 
02.003) 
.02% 
(Ulf, 
.197.1% 
7,431 
.61.9% 
Laundry / Valet 
4875 
cii% 
3.053 
0.0% 
7.070 
0.1% 
3,822 
1252% 
(191)
,373 
-27% 
Other Operating 
33,506 
0.5% 
32.887 
0.5% 
32,183 
05% 
619 
1.9% 
TOTAL DEPT. INCOME 
3,961,038 
613% 
3,913,478 
Hs% 
3,726,940 
39.0% 
47,559 
1.2% 
234,097 
6.3% 
Admin & General 
501,629 
78% 
417,015 
63% 
459,113 
73% 
84,584 
203% 
42,516 
93% 
Sales & Marketing, 
320,493 
5.0% 
317,487 
4.9% 
381,132 
on 
3,007 
0.9% 
(60.639) 
-15.9% 
Repairs & Maintenance 
179,044 
43% 
299,747 
4.7% 
314,310 
50% 
(20,682) 
4.9% 
(35,245) 
-112% 
Heat Light & Power 
127,798 
20% 
128,190 
2.0% 
111,196 
13% 
(392) 
-03% 
16,602 
14.9% 
TOTAL OVERHEAD DEPT. 
1,228,985 
19.1% 
1,162,468 
BM% 
1,265,751 
MO% 
66517 
5.7% 
(36,766) 
49% 
GROSS OPERATING PROFIT 
2,732,053 
as% 
2,751,010 
429% 
2,461,190 
349% 
00,958) 
.0.771 
270,863 
an 
Insurance 
18,392 
0.3% 
51,940 
os% 
13,477 
02% 
(33,548) 
416% 
4,965 
370% 
Rates 
326,778 
31% 
322.578 
3.0% 
307,678 
4.9% 
4,200 
13% 
19,100 
62% 
Rent & Senice Charges 
270.333 
4.2% 
265,318 
4.1% 
229,667 
3,6% 
5,015 
1.9% 
40,666 
177% 
Lease Equipment 
4768 
0.1% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
OA% 
6,768 
00% 
6,768 
ton 
Management Fees 
335,484 
12% 
336,853 
3.3% 
319,490 
51% 
0.369) 
-03% 
15,994 
50% 
FF&E Reserves 
257,144 
4,0% 
256,596 
4.0% 
249,581 
3.9% 
517 
02% 
7,563 
3.0% 
Other Fixed Costs 
41,136 
oh% 
• 
0.0% 
35,411 
66% 
41,136 
0% 
5,195 
145% 
EBITDA 
1,476,019 
73.0% 
1517,725 
222% 
1,305,407 
207% 
(41,706) 
.22% 
170,612 
1%1% 
Depreciation 
167,750 
26% 
171,275 
2.7% 
314,700 
5.5% 
(3,55) 
-2.1% 
(176,550) 
-513% 
Interest 
838,805 
13.1% 
785,924 
123% 
860,605 
133% 
52,882 
6.7% 
(21,799) 
-23% 
NET PROFIT 
469,463 
7m 
560526 
17% 
100,102 
14% 
(91.063) 
462% 
369,361 
369.0% 
FINANCIAL SIATEMEN1S 201192010 . 09101Mb/10v / SUMMARY P&L 
Paw. o452 
15/02/2010/ 1219 
EFTA00726619
--- PAGE 5 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
Month 
January 2010 
HEADCOUNT ANALYSIS 
ACTUAL 
BUDGET 
ACTUAL 
BUDGET 
VARIANCE 
REVENUES 
Rooms 
380,180 
360,964 
Food & Beverage 
123,751 
126.140 
Telephone 
831 
1,228 
Health Club 
3,393 
5346 
laundry / Valet 
3,387 
3,108 
Other Operating Departments 
3,230 
4424 
Total Revenue 
514,773 
501,260 
LABOUR & BENEFITS as %OF DEPARTMENTAL REVENUE 
Rooms 
77.598 
204% 
80,930 
22.4% 
505 
52.2 
(1.7) 
Food & Beverage 
63.609 
51.4%. 
60,658 
an 
35.8 
343 
Telephone 
ao% 
4.44. 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Health Club 
3,218 
59,8% 
3,207 
own 
1.7 
1.8 
(0.1) 
LABOUR & BENEFITS as 96 OF TOTAL REVENUE 
Administration &General 
27.532 
5.3'4 
20401 
4.1% 
0.0 
Sales & Nlarketing 
au% 
aux 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Repairs & Nbintenance 
7.593 
is% 
9.544 
1.4% 
4.0 
4.2 
(0.2) 
Total Labour 
179,549 
34.9% 
171963 
3L93/4
97.3 
97.7 
(19) 
SALES PER EMPLOYEE PER MONTH 
Rooms 
7.531 
6,920 
Food & Beverage 
3458 
3483 
Telephone 
Health Club 
1,984 
2.970 
Total Hotel 
5,292 
5,130 
FINANCIAL SEAT MIEN'S 2019 2010 0910 MN 2010v / HEADCOUNT 
Pap 5 of 52 
15/02/2010/ 1219 
EFTA00726620
--- PAGE 6 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
Year-to-date 
January 2010 
HEADCOUNT ANALYSIS 
REVENUES 
ACTUAL 
% 
BUDGET 
% 
ACTUAL 
BUDGET 
VARIANCE 
Rooms 
074149 
4,763,719 
Food & Beverage 
1,423,726 
1,487,894 
Telephone 
15,733 
19,792 
Health Cub 
38,729 
52.377 
Lauruhy / Valet 
36,178 
36.344 
Other Operating Departments 
38,118 
56.786 
Total Revenue 
6,426,633 
6,414,911 
LABOUR & BENEFITS as %OF DEPARTMENTAL REVENUE 
Rooms 
768,041 
an 
795,617 
162% 
503 
52-2 
019 
Food & Beverage 
574,521 
40A% 
593,865 
39.9% 
35.0 
343 
OB 
Telephone 
0.0% 
09% 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Health Club 
31,976 
826% 
31,813 
007% 
1.8 
1.8 
(0.0) 
LABOUR & BENEFITS as 96 OF TOTAL REVENUE 
Administration & General 
222327 
33% 
208,063 
3.2% 
5.3 
(0.1) 
Sales & Marketing 
00% 
0.0% 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Repairs & Maintenance 
88206 
1.4% 
93,694 
13% 
to 
4.2 
(0-2) 
Total Labour 
1,685,271 
262% 
1,723,053 
446% 
963 
972 
(IA) 
SALES PER EMPLOYEE PER MONTH 
Rooms 
96,830 
91,329 
Food & Beverage 
40,566 
43,442 
Telephone 
Health Club 
21,9% 
29,0% 
Total Hotel 
66,746 
65,653 
FINANCIAL SEATEMENIS 2019 2010. 0910 MN 2010v / HEADCOUNT 
Paw>60152 
15/02/2010/ 1219 
EFTA00726621
--- PAGE 7 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
BALANCE SHEET 
FIXED ASSETS 
Opening Balance 
March 2009 
Balance 
Previous Month 
Movement 
January 2010 
Closing Balance 
January 2010 
Land / Hotels 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
Land / Hotels Improvement 
Revaluation Reserves 
- 
Buildings Costs 
10,650,836 
10,653,523 
10,653,523 
Furniture And Fixtures 
3,603,599 
3,553,274 
3,553,274 
Antiques & Artwork 
193,874 
193,874 
193,874 
Machinery And Equipment 
3,436,204 
3,479,477 
7,089 
3,486,566 
Information Systems Equipment 
354295 
389,574 
369,574 
Construction In Progress 
-
AD. Land / Hotels 
-
AD. Building Costs 
(15,091) 
(15,091) 
(15,091) 
AD. Furniture And Fixtures 
(2,460,517) 
(2,561,167) 
(16,775) 
(2,577,942) 
AD. Machinery & Equipment 
(2,683,468) 
(2,683,468) 
(203,468) 
AD. Information Systems Equipment 
(331,695) 
(331,695) 
(331,695) 
TOTAL FIXED ASSETS 
17,748,037 
17,678,301 
(9,686) 
17,668,615 
INVESTMENTS 
Investments 
TOTAL INVESTMENTS 
CURRENT ASSETS 
Bank 
136,406 
371,981 
(249.315) 
122.667 
Inventory 
162,833 
187,946 
(14.302) 
173.644 
Accounts Receivable 
460.676 
310,042 
50012 
360.053 
Prepayments 
111.111
149,779 
(36,658) 
113.121 
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 
894,247 
1,019,748 
(250,263) 
769,485 
TOTAL ASSETS 
18,642,284 
18,698,050 - 
259,949 
18,438,100 
LIABILITIES 
Trade Creditors 
(446249) 
(460,232) 
(810) 
(461,042) 
Other Creditors 
(16,312) 
(23,796) 
(54.207) 
(78,003) 
Tax & National Insurance 
(44,533) 
9,563 
(40,675) 
(31,112) 
Accruals 
(384,448) 
(410,629) 
257,252 
(153,377) 
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 
(891541) 
(885,094) 
161559 
(723.535) 
LONG TERM LIABILITIES 
Bank Loans 
Shareholder Loan 
(15,180,994) 
(14,476,562) 
58553 
(14,418,209) 
TOTAL LONG TERM DEBTS 
(15,180,994) 
(14,476,562) 
58,353 
(14,418,209) 
RESERVES 
Capital Stock 
FF&E Reserve 
(236,592) 
(20,552) 
(257,144) 
Retained Earnings 
(13,607) 
(469,649) 
(469449) 
Retained Earnings (Current Year) 
(456,042) 
(530,052) 
60.589 
(469,463) 
Share Premium 
(2,100,101) 
(2,100,100) 
(2,100,100) 
TOTAL RESERVES 
(2,569,749) 
(3,336,393) 
40,037 
(3,296,356) 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
(18,642,284) 
(18,698,050) 
259,949 
(18,438,100) 
FINANCIAL STATEMEMS 2009 2010- 0910 JAN 7010 v / BALANCE SI MET 
Pape 7 of 52 
15/02/2010 / 1119 
EFTA00726622
--- PAGE 8 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
Apr 3:09 
Ma, 3:04 
Pun 2039 
1013101 
Aug3:04 
Sep 2039 
0.1 3001 
Nut:3309 
Ow 3:09 
Ian 3.110 
F62010 
1403410 
Teta 
(badge 
LAM Tedr 
ACTUAL/FORECAST 
Actual 
Actual 
Mlual 
Aduu 
Actual 
Actual 
Actual 
Actual 
Actual 
Actual 
Turnast 
fourcaut 
38194010 
210%201° 
X‘19a3.19 
Available Rasa. 
2,,u)
2790
2.701 
2.79) 
3-790
2.70) 
2.79) 
2509
9.:350 
2.793 
2331 
790 
32450 
3;850 
32160 
Odupa, N 
7403% 
700% 
7823% 
7082% 
4903% 
8141% 
73.12% 
53.19% 
6042% 
UM% 
7333% 
68.28% 
71.536, 
74.056, 
716149 
Odupinl Roam 
1,9% 
l.%5 
2,129 
2.277 
1.367 
2398 
2.010 
2.246 
1,933 
1,610 
1.848 
1,919 
2-1497 
24.324 
/1„859 
Avenge Room Rale 
2056 
27083 
77730) 
24035 
25651 
zoo 
raw 
2052 
23120 
24437 
25291 
24604 
23174 
21167 
fler Par 
16322 
16400 
21526 
0225 
10122 
20401 
19202 
21490 
PA 35 
142 
174.95 
173.99 
17657 
17160 
16972 
Rennet 
Roam 
44007 
457.554 
581,201 
51.6 179 
301.937 
Sµ866 
5M)562 
569323 
50,92 
382193 
44006 
48503 
Locum 
036.00 
/97520 
Food & Beverage 
123014 
12377$ 
142246 
07471 
9100 
1512(2 
156.20) 
163.926 
197,155 
121751 
1160) 
152229 
102434 
1.70.6(0 
1.617.532 
Teltehcee 
2461 
1104 
260 
1.971 
1.114 
1.2% 
1483 
1.019 
921 
231 
102 
1316 
1031 
23610 
36360 
'mad, ace 
3531 
3.787 
401 
5.033 
170 
4.093 
4.520 
1171 
3316 
3.393 
4.0 
4,016 
47,60 
65317 
µ9E 
Vakt/Laundry 
2412 
2.977 
408 
3.9% 
1.906 
4.043 
5.057 
4340 
202 
3287 
2.812 
2,995 
449E 
4300 
46.610 
Oho Optrateng Dims 
2991 
2826 
36% 
3.545 
1.48$ 
5.535 
40) 
562)2 
021 
3.210 
4.711 
5315 
48316 
64811 
51337 
Total 409501 
910.753 
59/776 
730494 
60365 
40/560 
731.057 
7µB57 
717.8111 
710.207 
514773 
571.20 
631.434 
3619,262 
014.110 
7.404.913 
Rocam 
015220 
(116201 
(15200/ 
(12100 
1147.9181 
113400/ 
(111.061 
113/ 406) 
1124.10) 
(124.4581 
1124212) 
(136.752) 
11/41,880 
1459701) 
11.710301/ 
Foods Benrcal& in A iC 
497482) 
(104066) 
05410) 
(104.539) 
(83.557) 
11(6.012) 
(97.976) 
11009901 
(122379) 
(103902) 
11022761 
(111241) 
11.23/068) 
11.037191 
11.279.044 
Telephcre 
(1.712) 
(2.3501 
(822) 
(5196) 
11.40) 
01.503) 
(1.713) 
1707) 
045) 
0101 
(272) 
(34/01 
124392) 
0317) 
01231) 
Icalth Club 
(3.432) 
(MA 
16053) 
(53171 
10141 
0021) 
0464) 
142101 
0249) 
(33721 
15.261) 
(5.090) 
453457) 
457,089 
atm) 
Vakt, I aumity 
(2.466) 
(2,56M 
(1(53) 
(3.155) 
(3.570) 
(3.o04) 
(4402) 
PPM 
(1.906) 
(4.102) 
12,901 
(3.361) 
05,60) 
10432/ 
08424) 
OilwrOpnaung thr6 
124 
405 
(416) 
(272) 
(4.727) 
(1.457) 
1332) 
2.519 
Pal 
13201 
12,132/ 
(2.401) 
CLIC) 
126.4331 
0/2631 
Departmental Income 
Rain. 
X6,159 
321226 
428390 
415.341 
1µ019 
429,816 
4(6396 
434.115 
331,810 
26,83 
31604 
318396 
4,193,492 
4109,091 
3.08.217 
Foal Si Ilvwcagt 
31,133 
2092 
46.636 
32.914 
9.744 
47,190 
58304 
55.936 
74.775 
1940 
14.3/0 
4080 
440566 
503813 
36801 
Ttleehmt 
756 
15051 
1.858 
ono 
MI 
Orb) 
071 
392 
212 
1.090 
1,229 
(501) 
17.172 
4.919 
I ImIth Club 
119 
142 
V 
(20) 
CM) 
020 
19451 
11339) 
(4331 
(1791 
040 
000) 
0,954) 
7.640 
02307) 
Vakt/Launary 
1731 
109 
1,9:6 
843 
135 
1,038 
653 
1.863 
1715) 
069) 
(377) 
6330 
3,758 
802 
thher Opening Ate 
3115 
3.431 
X111 
3211 
15239) 
4.09 
6830 
7.751 
4,00 
2.910 
2521 
2.911 
34999 
ARO 
41.010 
Total Dept. laclew 
31007 
35320 
401816 
08,1170 
1µ7d 
473,991 
46051 
4009 
01201 
777.910 
334172 
02.391 
407,467 
4.617;01 
1.214137 
Deducties From Imam, 
Mei. & C.04041 
139.750) 
83 151 
(33.494) 
17/.369) 
(32,837) 
(54.334) 
(4798) 
(40
35) 
(6.109) 
(4%91 
(41,950 
/44.972) 
00336) 
1041721 
013,5411 
Sales k Madan; 
112,01) 
(3sffin 
aszo) 
(3,135) 
03749/ 
(29.103) 
07.2191 
(20,9761 
(41.751) 
(336761 
(0.940) 
1)005) 
001.4431 
06.7311 
(/71,161) 
Repairs And Alamimunce 
0.270 
10414) 
0414) 
MASI 
Ekon 
03460) 
(M.209) 
1:33,970) 
(284%) 
I21203I 
0:0.0), 
MOS) 
(319,013) 
060.20$1 
MAW 
1108. L1816 And Pow& 
0.900) 
(74001 
04271) 
(408) 
00.7551 
(39X/3) 
(7.632) 
(14331) 
(14(83) 
(11,146) 
OEM) 
02349) 
((523321 
(02723) 
026011 
7.441 Dadottioni. 
00277) 
41µO%) 
0031) 
023,599) 
0037411 
055,9101 
1109.6581 
11435921 
0004) 
018031 
11143951 
019.914) 
17,463,754) 
113µ@g) 
11.49904) 
Geo./ Operating Trots 
234.779 
231.699 
36.%314 
325.224 
RAM 
31081 
354,70 
333.967 
210.0 
15904 
21907 
27230 
1224213 
320.131 
3770.131 
Ode. Dtdocdons 
Inawarav 
(IAD) 
(1211) 
(011) 
(1694) 
9) 
(1.813) 
(1.8451 
1305) 
0533) 
(Val 
110 9) 
(1.639) 
122.0701 
162.3261 
117.1551 
Rani • &row Otaage 
'non 
(20,x6) 
05.ms) 
13039) 
(24379) 
(EMS) 
(T-5.4921 
( 50 2) 
(3202) 
(46716) 
(310 7) 
131.817) 
(333.50) 
(318.7211 
1275049 
Sots 
132230 
(35,810) 
0.2.241) 
02230 
01.0712 
02.242) 
131.1401 
02242) 
(1/242) 
0220 
(1210 
00.250 
(31323)) 
(MONO 
0134341 
F(8cE ResenT4 
123.201 
039111 
(19.05) 
127.535) 
041423 
(29241) 
(20263) 
03,916) 
(20.5et) 
(20(552, 
Oasis) 
06.(67) 
200449) 
(3µ99D 
hlaragmaant Fan 
129.466) 
(3009 
(44.163) 
10539) 
01,912) 
(3/ 790) 
(41.2631 
(4200 
(362 41) 
(22152) 
(29357) 
134.963) 
(390613) 
(3µ74I 
05800 
°Kant rapallet 
(3.322) 
3.382 
sal 
(41.210) 
(4.417) 
1592) 
141.134) 
01.1061 
Lew Equipment 
0101 
(70) 
(745 
1740 
(70) 
17401 
1740 
(00 
17501 
0401 
(745 
(6.20) 
OITA% 
119.04 
13029 
249.010 
202.402 
09051 
189.715 
1111221 
3902 
161291 
40036 
1µ159 
14070 
1.721,847 
/.757.691 
1.704911 
Inlarn4 
1774611 
(29.62111 
00.437) 
0/490) 
(21,40 
(86.935) 
017370 
0401 
04.7(0 
007301 
05,146) 
04.312) 
11.08.303) 
(937.4941 
11)347.50 
Depectation 
1166775) 
(140/31 
(16.775) 
116775) 
06775/ 
(16.775) 
(07751 
(16.7751 
(16.775) 
(140751 
(10751 
116.775) 
001,307) 
1205.404) 
601.291) 
Disposal 
Not hark 
25,796 
40.431 
11102 
1µ137 
1127.3501 
86001 
77,371 
122.117 
59,713 
1645691 
1041 
33563 
502.244 
6059i 
456.042 
IINANCIALSTATILEXISZISMO. MOAN 590v / rORRAIT 
1,91144), 
1100/3111/1 OA 
EFTA00726623
--- PAGE 9 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
ApLpl 
may 26» 
/an 20/9 
lud 20% 
2009 
kp 2019 
Ocl ZO» 
Nov 20)9 
Dec 20» 
lan 7010 
fob 2010 
14.8t 71110 
1401 
Budget 
la/1Year 
ACTUAI/BUDGET 
Areal 
Adoal 
Adual 
Adual 
Anaal 
Adeal 
Attual 
Adual 
Adual 
Budget 
Ihedhet 
Budget 
2020910 
2(09/211111 
20/4/20)9 
Avedable Reche 
2.70) 
2,790 
2.740 
nee 
1790 
VO) 
2.70) 
270) 
2-1% 
2.70) 
IM 
2790 
32400 
31100 
3;450 
Ocoigungy la 
740)% 
7(713% 
7424% 
7952% 
41002 
8111% 
73.12% 
53.193 
69221% 
6029% 
7111% 
7144% 
%Sek 
71092 
72690 
Ocoigoed ROMS 
1.99* 
1.965 
2129 
2227 
1267 
II% 
2/)/4 
2.216 
1,932 
LM 
1.172 
2021 
23.565 
24321 
22459 
Awnipe Raum Rain 
=nm 
23225 
Mt) 
21035 
22053 
3654 
263.17 
75157 
26152 
21440 
22010 
22922 
34297 
13124 
23167 
ReoPer 
16322 
16400 
21526 
19223 
109.22 
20614 
19242 
21053 
181.% 
12939 
1623) 
16648 
17437 
17150 
16922 
Res 
Rowe 
410567 
151%1 
581.308 
536379 
301.937 
5634% 
$36502 
56932 
906,953 
3/0.421 
102753 
04.469 
17/11.131 
5.636,910 
53734120 
Fuod 6 Ilmersege 
122614 
124279 
142.216 
137473 
93.300 
152= 
uösso 
162.926 
197,155 
126210 
141,179 
152229 
1219523 
1241,601 
1641512 
Tul.pharke 
2568 
/554 
2.6% 
1.972 
1.116 
1.2% 
1425 
1.099 
921 
1278 
1362 
156 
19,011 
22.6% 
36.160 
/Huld/ Club 
3551 
3.747 
teei 
50% 
SM 
4.093 
4.531 
3.171 
3216 
5.3e 
2951 
6.016 
53452 
61317
42976 
Vake/ La undry 
2412 
1977 
41411 
3.9% 
1.936 
4.043 
5267 
1.940 
2542 
3.1% 
1312 
3.2ö 
42.917 
15290 
12240 
020 Opaneins Dvph 
2.991 
7.526 
3.6% 
1506 
1189 
5535 
4,690 
5.212 
4)121 
4.424 
4,713 
5)15 
49239 
64.814 
54,337 
Taal Remmie 
348.233 
597,776 
?AM 
658265 
403,360 
731227 
701,4187 
747,891 
714247 
831.28.0 
366273 
633.299 
7.612.992 
7,614.283 
7204215 
ROM> 
(135.229) 
(1361291 
0512 0 9 
(121209) 
1147,9119 
(131020) 
(131.666) 
035,1011 
(122113) 
(122617) 
(122212) 
(136250) 
11,607.061) 
11,597.411) 
0.%(69331 
Foad 2 Irevene In< A 2 C 
197.440 
(102030) 
03,610) 
001219) 
01357) 
1165/426 
191976) 
1107,93» 
1112311) 
aom 
1102,1761 
011241) 
14214,591/ 
0270209 
11279/1641 
Telephone 
0.7121 
(13391 
0726) 
(52913 
11,927) 
0.563) 
(1.225) 
12(0) 
015) 
0561 
(2721 
007) 
cum» 
ime) 
01231/ 
116.12 Club 
0432) 
(16151 
(4.034) 
(5317) 
11.516) 
(5/321) 
G461) 
0.7101 
(3•711) 
0,741) 
15261) 
@»96) 
154,616/ 
457.4%) 
072931 
Valtellaundrv 
(2666) 
(25911 
0.033) 
0255) 
11,90» 
13401) 
(4.402) 
13,077/ 
0.906) 
(2.709 
126951 
0.3611 
01211) 
159111) 
06,674/ 
OffierOperating 054/ 
121 
105 
(485) 
(152) 
10251 
(1457) 
1272) 
2319 
en) 
0.001) 
12132) 
0401) 
410,420) 
122051 
012651 
Elegunmeetal lamme 
ROCCie 
X0.459 
3213.9 
4253511 
115.311 
151019 
429,516 
1012% 
131.115 
mtaw 
rase 
nun 
:02111 
4211,110 
1409,099 
1182167 
lood 2 teeret< 
31133 
21692 
16936 
32.914 
9.711 
42150 
58301 
50.936 
16775 
25615 
39.300 
101.4f$ 
nun 
510.883 
%KOS 
392 
Trkpleared 
756 
0%1 
LM 
(3211) 
(341) 
(2283) 
1117) 
1,023 
1050 
1.229 
0260 
17,172 
4,919 
116.12 Club 
119 
352 
(203) 
(763) 
(928) 
1945) 
(1,539) 
(433) 
6% 
1493 
93) 
0,174) 
7,440 
02307/ 
Vakt/Laundry 
05) 
409 
1126 
de 
MS 
1.0.111 
445 
1.463 
636 
311 
331 
373 
MOS 
1754 
4.032 
Oder Optraung Omis 
1115 
3231 
1121 
3.1/1 
15239) 
2079 
4/>70 
7.751 
ee» 
2423 
1551 
2911 
38.512 
3239) 
41092 
Taal 0.p. lamme 
1/4517 
333304 
481216 
14(1.623 
159.711 
471991 
464551 
492519 
%UN 
266224 
322519 
371233 
4461121 
4.617251 
4.170.137 
IleductIona Rom Interne 
Mmin6 Genaal 
0915(1 
1323151 
03.191) 
177269/ 
02107) 
(51.131) 
12.723741 
092751 
(tun) 
iaaeu 
(nee 
1129721 
(974,5551 
(695,97» 
0135%9 
Saba& Marlehrge 
13261) 
(352771 
05,733) 
1318351 
(317191 
(29.103) 
1272191 
(125 76) 
(11254) 
/31.603 
(31,626) 
01436) 
(3012961 
13927319 
1171,981/ 
Re.ii. And Alatemenev 
124.276) 
1244141 
93,614) 
130.342) 
(242011 
(31050) 
(31.309) 
(33.515 
(211593) 
0475291 
(291 30/ 
(31509) 
(WM% 
1560.595) 
1312.034/ 
Ikea lag% And Pover 
0.9)(1) 
(7.9001 
0/271) 
(20561 
04713) 
(39223) 
(1.321 
00.331/ 
(11493) 
(142191 
(nne 
112.9.9) 
0%4351 
(15272$ 
(126.021/ 
Total Dedsnons 
003227) 
1102.0051 
08.431) 
07%5991 
001.7411 
nsten• 
009.854) 
0123321 
(1702341 
1112.M6) 
11102961 
016263) 
14451,1211 
(1.39040» 
11.092061 
Crem Opsirling Profit 
23(279 
231,699 
3832111 
372224 
93602 
318281 
354793 
355.910 
291.481 
153,637 
218243 
257571 
3231,9% 
3.227,131 
2270.331 
Olber Dedmlieen 
keuemce 
0411) 
(1.8111 
(1ilt) 
(1.1.4 
11.819) 
(1445) 
(1245) 
11.8151 
(1233) 
0190 
15.191) 
0.190 
01.110 
atme 
07,13.11 
Re% identeCtualze 
115.035) 
000561 
(25355) 
1210591 
05279/ 
($3.4) 
ein) 
0492) 
(252fre 
RaPon 
(29701) 
126.7011 
(»um 
cum» 
1273.0» 
Ras 
132.32) 
(352 401 
(32.241) 
13258) 
(31.074) 
(322473 
(31.110) 
(322/2) 
(322.17) 
151X/01 
022%1 
gazie 
(39309 
(397.093) 
(3634136) 
Ma UninSti. 
121.290) 
(13.9111 
(29465) 
1273351 
063121 
(29241) 
(25%3) 
(295161 
(29.51%) 
(240601 
(17243) 
IM.132) 
13015371 
0015911 
Altessement Fee 
129.469) 
00015) 
0110) 
ms,0) 
01.912/ 
(18.230) 
(41.2)3) 
02291/ 
06.211) 
01376) 
(122e8) 
otn9) 
ineso 
1396,7441 
1318.810 
Ptereers Ceenue 
022721 
IST 
5440 
111.2101 
(14ir) 
(10,241) 
40.100 
Usw Equipment 
0340) 
nee 
(740) 
010) 
(7• 49 
1740/ 
MA 
QM 
(60161 
EB1TDA 
119,624 
136229 
249)110 
2024102 
(29.16151 
189,715 
181,721 
223242 
161,191 
44975 
103259 
135.974 
1,721061 
2757559 
2701,914 
InlaYst 
nmen 
(na 
09435) 
141.4919 
na) 
gese:0 
artes) 
(462501 
es** 
/32915) 
015.211) 
11.012590 
0419981104
116.n5)0
1192731 
(12775) 
1197 
(19755) 
oane 
nens) 
narm 
oane
aworme44,* 
re.ree
&wo) 
(17,167)0
117.8.07, 
(202.175) 
1304291) 
Demowd 
Na Profil 
23.294 
40231 
141472 
1.1,137 
1121%01 
86.001 
77)71 
201.117 
59.213 
(ARM 
14274 
3%187 
5334109 
614.391 
436242 
IINAM1ALSTATMEWIS1131910.4•IMAN 910v / 'MAIMYOMLOOK 
Paria= 
1302/3/10 JI2N 
EFTA00726624
--- PAGE 10 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
MONTH 
HOTEL SUMMARY 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAI/BUDGET 
Actual 
SS 
8940 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
SS 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
2.790 
2.790 
2.790 
Rooms Av.ulatte 
27.543 
27.540 
27540 
321450 
32160 
32350 
1.640 
1.682 
1412 
Romeo Occupied 
19/30 
20,511 
20.198 
23,543 
24.324 
23,859 
588% 
603% 
569% 
Occup.mcy 
716% 
743% 
732% 
71.7% 
74.0% 
72.6% 
111.82 
214.60 
201.99 
/mug* Room Rate 
247.04 
212-23 
21656 
2.44.12 
231.74 
113.67 
13127 
129.38 
118.88 
RevPar 
17698 
172.97 
173.50 
174.96 
171.60 
169.72 
REVENUES 
380.180 73.9% 
360,961 72.0% 
331463 71,3% 
Roma 
4.871.149 75,8% 
4.763,719 74.3% 
4.778)061 75.6% 
5,747,371 75.4% 
5436940 710% 
5,575.222 73,3% 
123.751 24.0% 
126,140 23.2% 
122,143 263% 
Food and Beverage 
1,423.726 22-2% 
1,487,891 73.2% 
1394,441 22.1% 
1.717,434 
223% 
1181402 234% 
1,647312 222% 
831 
0.2% 
1.278 
0.3% 
1429 
03% 
Telephone 
15733 
0.2% 
19/92 
0.3% 
31464 
0.5% 
18,631 
0.2% 
27490 
0.3% 
36,180 
03% 
3,393 
0.7% 
5.346 
1.1% 
3.339 
0.7% 
The Health Club & Spa 
38229 
06% 
52377 
0.8% 
36.513 
0.6% 
51,699 
0.7% 
65317 
0.9% 
44.976 
04% 
3.387 
0.7% 
3.108 
0.6% 
2.269 
03% 
Laundry & Valet 
36.178 
0.6% 
36.344 
0.6% 
41477 
0.7% 
4323 
0.6% 
43,390 
0.6% 
46,680 
04% 
3.230 
06% 
4.421 
09% 
4.111 
0.9% 
Other Operating 
38.118 
06% 
51.786 
0.9% 
38.965 
0.6% 
48,146 
0.6% 
61314 
0.9% 
51357 
0.7% 
524,773 1000% 
501.260 1000% 
464,961 1000% TOTAL REVENUE 
6426,633 1002% 
6414,911 1800% 
6,320,874 100.0% 
7626,906 1000% 
7,611763 100.0% 
7,101,945 100.0% 
COST OF SALES 
34.360 27.8% 
33.862 26.8% 
29,2172 
24.0% 
Food and Beverage 
360326 25.3% 
398.871 268% 
388,847 27.9% 
438,937 216% 
477,485 262% 
456301 272% 
610 73,3% 
256 20.0% 
(2145) VVVVV 
Telephone 
24.013 1526% 
4.938 24.9% 
21496 77.9% 
21,592 1322% 
5,517 
2413% 
31231 86.3% 
334 
9.9% 
770 14.4% 
839 25.1% 
The Health Club & Spa 
5.218 133% 
7.878 15.0% 
5239 14.8% 
7.295 14.1% 
9,955 152% 
6,456 144% 
4.102 121.1% 
2.798 90.0% 
1.909 842% 
Laundry & Valet 
29303 81.0% 
33.290 91.6% 
34357 82.9% 
35,615 823% 
39,612 913% 
39418 9213% 
11265 
02% 
320 
00% 
2.001 
00% 
317 
0.0% 
Curt of sales ODD 
4.576 
00% 
21,899 
0.0% 
6.781 
0.0%
9,111 
0.0% 
26435 
0.0% 
39,726 
72% 
39486 
7.9% 
38306 
6.5% 
TOTAL COST OF SALES 
423,471 
6.6% 
466,879 
73% 
/59,891 73% 
515216 
6,8% 
559,024 
73% 
514.081 73% 
PAYROLL & RELATED EXR 
77,598 201% 
80.930 22.4% 
71/022 21.4% 
Roam, 
768.041 15.8% 
795417 16.7% 
788416 163% 
930,145 162% 
567.721 17.0% 
950.569 172% 
63.609 514% 
60459 48.1% 
59,422 486% 
Food and Beverage 
574.521 404% 
5931365 
39.9% 
615420 44.1% 
696,015 403% 
715359 402% 
744.989 452% 
- 002 
- 0.0% 
Telephone 
- 00% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
3,218 94.8% 
3.207 60.0% 
1216 1263% 
The Ikulth Club& Spa 
31.976 82-6% 
31313 607% 
42359 116.0% 
31396 743% 
0823 583% 
49,989 1111% 
. 
0.0%
I 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
- 00% 
. 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Laundry & Valet 
Other Operating 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• ILO% 
- MO% 
14142E 28.1% 
10294 28.9% 
136,440 29214 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
1.374,538 21.4% 
1.424295 22.2% 
1446474 22.9% 
1,664,556 213% 
1,711,314 72.5% 
1,743315 216% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
46,860 12-3% 
43447 12.1% 
53,531 16.1% 
Room. 
577,976 11.9% 
541254 114% 
62%072 13.2% 
676,741 11.8% 
640,120 114% 
766365 
13.7% 
5403 
4.7% 
6.005 
48% 
4165 
3.9% 
Toad and Beverage 
83406 
5.9% 
61563 
4.3% 
57,749 
4.1% 
96,917 
5.6% 
77,875 
44% 
77,978 
42% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Tat ;tom 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
02% 
0.6% 
764 
11,3% 
(49) -13% 
The tit9Ith Club& Sps 
6.106 15.8% 
74413 
14.2% 
749 
21% 
7.966 15.1% 
9,303 142% 
833 
1.9% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Laundry & Valet 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
02% 
52.714 10.2% 
50456 10.1% 
58,250 123% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
667,588 10,34 
613,88 
94% 
687,569 10.9% 
781,624 103% 
727,295 92% 
sam HA% 
FINANCIAL STMENIZNISNO9 2010. 0110JAN 3)10v/ 110TEL SUMMARY 
rwlevOC 
15/M17010/ 1219 
EFTA00726625
--- PAGE 11 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
MONTH 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
HOTEL SUMMARY 
Actual 
% 
1194190 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
Budget 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
DEPARTMENTAL INCOME 
255,722 673% 
236,347 65.5% 
207,113 62.4% 
Roam, 
3.528.233 77-4% 
3,426847 71.9% 
3360494 703% 
4340485 720% 
4439.099 71.7% 
3,853237 692% 
19349 161% 
25415 203% 
28466 23.5% 
Food and Beverage 
405.V4 
28.5% 
430.591 28.9% 
332228 23.8% 
485,565 283% 
510243 28.7% 
368P!4 223% 
222 26,7% 
1.023 80.0% 
3.574 250.1% 
Telephone 
(5260) -526% 
14.854 
75.1% 
6,968 El% 
(5961) -32.0% 
17,172 75.7% 
4,549 13.7% 
(179) 33% 
605 11.3% 
(1,660) 49.9% 
SPA & Health Club 
(4572) .118% 
5.246 100% 
(12,003) -329% 
(1.958) -38% 
7,860 12.0% 
(12307) -27.4% 
(715) -21.1% 
311 10.0% 
360 15,8% 
Laundry & Valet 
6.875 19.0% 
1053 
8.4% 
7,070 17.1% 
7,580 17.5% 
3,753 
8.7% 
8/52 172% 
2.910 90.1% 
2.423 54,8% 
3,797 92.3% 
Other Operating Department:. 
33,506 87.9% 
32,087 60.0% 
32.183 82.6% 
38,999 81.0% 
38,380 592% 
43092 793% 
97,910 560% 
266,324 53.1% 
241,113 52.0% 
TOTAL DEPARTMENT INCOME 
3,961,037 61.6% 
3,913478 61.0% 
3.726.940 590% 
4,66%709 61.2% 
4412151 604% 
4270,137 57.7% 
PAYROLL &RELATED EXP. 
24,359 
4.7% 
17479 
3.5% 
18,776 
4.0% 
AdmInIstranon& Cerwal 
190489 
10% 
177381 
MI% 
178,872 
2.8% 
225496 
10% 
212388 
18% 
216414 
2.9% 
1173 
06% 
3.126 
0.6% 
(646) -0.1% 
Human Resources 
32109 
05% 
30493 
0.5% 
36.167 
0.6% 
M296 
0.5% 
36,940 
0.5% 
38820 
03% 
- 00% 
- 0.0% 
Soles at Marketing 
- 00% 
- 00% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 04% 
7.593 
1.5% 
9.544 
1.9% 
8424 
1.7% 
Repairs& Mainterunce 
88.206 
1.4% 
93.694 
1.5% 
90741 
1.4% 
ion= 14% 
112812 
1.5% 
108846 
13% 
35,125 
6.8% 
30,148 
60% 
26355 
54% 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
310,733 
4.9% 
301..758 
4.7% 
305,78D 
4.8% 
371,115 
4.9% 
362.140 48% 
364,280 
4.9% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
13,374 
2.6% 
14,139 
28% 
19491 
4.2% 
Administration& General 
202.412 
12% 
169366 
2.6% 
200481 
32% 
23/053 
3.1% 
201492 
2.6% 
209257 
28% 
5853 
1.0% 
5.518 
1.1% 
3,126 
0.7% 
Human Resources 
76.199 
1.2% 
39416 
06% 
43393 
0.7% 
81,696 
1.1% 
45,153 
0.6% 
48257 
02% 
31676 
6.5% 
31426 
63% 
33445 
7.2% 
Sales& Marketing 
320493 
50% 
317487 
4.9% 
381,132 
6.0% 
383,746 
5.0% 
383,739 
5.0% 
471981 
6.4% 
19.703 
1.8% 
20.986 
4.2% 
23297 
11% 
Repairs la Malmerunce 
190,059 
10% 
200352 
12% 
223,569 
3.5% 
232503 
10% 
247,773 
3.3% 
2'79,190 
38% 
11.146 
2.2% 
10249 
2.0% 
13,865 
3.0% 
Utility Costs 
1V.798 
20% 
128.190 
2.0% 
111,1% 
18% 
152,332 
2.0% 
152,713 
2.0% 
126.039 
17% 
82.949 16.1% 
82.518 163% 
44373 232% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSE-5
91%re 14.355 
860,711 134% 
95%971 152% 
1,031421 142% 
1027880 133% 
1.135226 153% 
116073 22.9% 
112466 225% 
120,178 25.9% 
TOTAL OVERHEAD EXPENSES 
17211885 19.1% 
1362468 183% 
1,265751 200% 
1/06.336 19.1% 
1390020 193% 
1.499406 203% 
159,836 310% 
153457 307% 
19364 26.1% 
CROSS OPERATING PROFIT 
2.732.052 42.9% 
2.751,010 42.9% 
2.461,190 35.9% 
3,205,173 42.1% 
3,227,131 42,1% 
2770,531 37.4% 
FINANCIAL STKIEMNISNO92010. 0110IAN3110'/ 110TEL SUMMARY 
Paaellor” 
/ 12.19 
EFTA00726626
--- PAGE 12 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
MONTH 
YEARTO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAI/BUDGET 
HOTEL SUMMARY 
Actual 
% 
140A8ct 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
IMAIPt 
Last Year 
Actual 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
FIXED CHARGES 
750 
Ill% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
Lome Equipment 
6268 al% 
- 0.0% 
6768 
0.1% 
00% 
22.192 
4.3% 
21376 
4,3% 
18315 
4.0% 
Management Et Incentive Fm. 
335,481 
S2% 
336.853 
5.3% 
31%190 
5.1% 
355,371 
5.2% 
396740 
5.2% 
358290 
4.8% 
1575 
07% 
3.456 
0.7% 
- 0.0% 
Rent & Stmwe Charge 
25.656 
0.4% 
32.866 
0.5% 
32369 
04% 
39,779 
0.5% 
0.0% 
37.141 
7.2% 
23243 
4.6% 
21967 
4.9% 
CUMTIEStile Rent 
244.676 18% 
232.452 
16% 
229,667 16% 
291,167 
3.8% 
278,912 
3.7% 
275,010 
37% 
20352 
4.0% 
20/350 
4.0% 
23,451 
5.0% 
FFAF. Provision 
257.144 
4.0% 
2.56.596 
4.0% 
249,581 
39% 
305,138 
4.0% 
306,591 
4.0% 
0.0% 
592 
0.1% 
0.0% 
OWIICIS brows 
41.136 
06% 
35.911 
0.6% 
41.136 
0.5% 
51,106 
07% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Rad MN Procimon 
00% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
32.242 
6.3% 
32.258 
6.4% 
am os 
6.5% 
(tummy IOC, 
326.778 
51% 
322.578 
5.0% 
307478 
4.9% 
391,293 
5.1% 
387003 
5.1% 
363,156 
4.9% 
1057 
0.4% 
5.194 
1.0% 
(1,92.6) .08% 
Insurance 
18.392 
03% 
51.940 
00% 
11427 
0.2% 
28,780 
0.4% 
62328 
0.8% 
17,155 
02% 
48,936 
8.0% 
48,078 
9.6% 
34314 63% 
EBITDA 
1,476,018 23.0% 
1517,775 237% 
1,385,407 287% 
1,715,951 223% 
1,757/666 23.1% 
1.704,914 MO% 
so.no 16,5% 
79420 15.9% 
86,356 186% 
Bank Intere9 
838.806 13.1% 
785.924 12.3% 
8604(5 13.6% 
990,341 130% 
937,459 12.3% 
1,017,510 11.1% 
16.775 
3.3% 
17,167 
3.4% 
34403 
7.4% 
Depreciation 
167.750 
26% 
171275 
2.73 
3µT10 
53% 
202A43 
2.6% 
205608 
2.7% 
201291 
27% 
HAM% -11.8% 
(48,708) -97% 
(90.612/ -193% 
NET FROTH' 
169,462 13% 
560,526 
8.7% 
100,102 
IA% 
523327 6%6 
614391 
8.1% 
456.042 
62% 
179,519 34.9% 
1740/3 34.9% 
160,816 34.6% 
TOTAL PAYROLL 
1485,271 26.2% 
1,713,053 269% 
1,752.153 27/33 
2,035,671 26.7% 
2,07/453 272% 
2.101323 28.5% 
FINANCIAL STKIENIZNIS2009 2010 11110 IAN 3310v/ 1101EL SUMMARY 
PamMat'S 
13/01/3Mo cam 
EFTA00726627
--- PAGE 13 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
MONTH 
I 
YEAR TO DATE 
TULL YEAR ACTUAL/8 UDGET 
ROOMS DIVISION SUMMARY 
Acted 
% 
asr 
% 
Lag Yen 
ASS 
% 
0• 6844 
% 
Ink Yen 
% 
Meal 
% 
Sedgel 
% 
LM Year 
% 
2190 
2,790 
2.793 
10000 Available 
0,940 
273411 
V.540 
32.850 
32.893 
321550 
1.640 
1,642 
140 
11.6.4m06:%16.1 
19,730 
20.511 
20,1% 
21.513 
24331 
21639 
584% 
603% 
56.9% 
OccuNnry 
714% 
71.5% 
733% 
71.7% 
740% 
724% 
BIM 
11410 
23119 
Awrafy Ram Raw 
24704 
23225 
21656 
24412 
211.74 
23347 
136r 
12435 
IMP 
11.49110 
17610 
17297 
17330 
174% 
17160 
149.72 
REVENUE 
X4/180 1000% 
360964 
IMO% 
331,60 1000% 
Roan, Itt.uwe 
4874119 1030% 
4741.70 IMO% 
4.774061 1000% 
5747371 1020% 
5.636.610 1000% 
5575220 1030% 
- On% 
- 
00% 
00% 
Othet Reionnue 
- 00% 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 00% 
- 00% 
- 00% 
330300 10/%6 
364961 
1000% 
331.66$ 1000% TOTAL REVENUE 
437410 100046 
4.741219 1020% 
477400 1000% 
4747,371 1006 
5434910 1920% 
5.575.220 1006% 
PAYROLL & RELATED 
P. 
69.377 
18.3% 
72.193 
200% 
62,991 290% 
14490 
8.021 
21% 
8234 
24% 
8/01 24% 
Papa Relied 
77,998 20.4% 
02930 
zu% 
7100 214% 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RENTED EXP. 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
356 
RI% 
RI 
02% 
1,216 
04% 
Cleaning Supplin 
611 
02% 
677 
02% 
2,176 
07% 
Conincl Chunist 
955 
03% 
956 
03% 
925 
0.3% 
WendowCkonins 
10.143 
27% 
5467 
15% 
2474 
0.8% 
Guest Amcnibes 
AS6 
02% 
815 
02% 
386 
0.1% 
Turndown Amensites 
II 
00% 
- 
00% 
- 110% 
Gust Tranwert 
1.288 
03% 
910 
03% 
51“ 
Q2% 
Slivispipert. 
• 00% 
. 
00% 
• 00% 
Comphmmeary Amenities 
00% 
lun. 
Anus., a Cowie.% 
- 00% 
lun. 
4107: 
001 .002 i 
Telecoairitunicationt 
tom 
02% 
2082 
00%
Prison; And Summer 
200 
RI% 
lun. 
llivSupp366 
2.180 
Qfi% 
3326 
i n% 
54881 003.007i 
Oi 
Floiwn & Das:ration 
- 00% 
• 
00% 
• 
Chnsinu.s Om-canon 
956 
03% 
1.110 
03% 
1.168 
03% 
Sufi Unifonn 1.44.3ry 
4.635 
1.2% 
4.155 
I2% 
4320 
m
Laundry • Linen 
00%
3.4:
Q0% 
200 
01%
Laundry • Furnishing,. 
15103 
40% 
17.481 
18% 
23.501 
7.1% 
ikcersCorniNsnons 
216 
01% 
. 
00% 
. 
. 
Limnos 
00%
- Q0% 
- 
00% 
• 
Conirml labour 
40% 
• 
00% 
920 
03% 
Cahn. Evensgs 
- 40% 
00% 
- 00% 
China 
(1091 Q0% 
- 
00% 
ina It 0.44.640. 
3,159 
08% 
490 
01% 
2.0561 0060%.: 
Li 
Oi
mn 
40% 
203 
al% 
• 
Operating Equrtrrent 
SO 
40% 
- 
40% 
I/68 03% 
Unions. 
696 
Q2% 
- 
00% 
00% 
Duns & Siificiiplit6 
. 0 
0%
o
- 40% 
- 
40% 
Enunainment 
40% 
40% 
• 00% 
Trareporianon& Travel Ouluulowr 
144 
Q0% 
- 
00% 
00% 
Tags 
isHome 
- 00% 
- 
00% 
.. 00%
0% 
0.01i ap
0, Sn 
- 4 
- 40% 
- 
40%
Centerences 
1317 
03% 
Id% 
03% 
5,146 
1.6% 
TV / Cat* & Sothic 
- 00% 
- 
00% 
L0004 Damages.
.. 
00%00: 
- 00% 
- 
00%
Dixiglions 
3.310 
0.1% 
3.310 
0.1% 
3.310 
30% 
10%10.1e M0000000 Pinks:4 
691331 112% 
76210 
10% 
MOH 155% 
702356 149% 
86262 
18% 
799447 145% 
706,967 1404 
81324 
1.7% 
835.833 
14.5% 
91312 
1.6% 
7$8.495 163% 
930315 142% 
8,983 
02% 
10.4.0 
02% 
I-506 
0.3% 
7,618 
02% 
6.221 
01% 
20.303 
04% 
9590 
02% 
9,550 
02% 
9250 
0.2% 
1431,24 
1.8% 
67.769 
14% 
52550 
LI% 
11338 
0.2% 
8,924 
02% 
ME 0.2% 
314 
Q0% 
00% 
944 
0.0% 
21478 
0.4% 
12152 
03% 
19,067 
04% 
- 00% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
851 
00% 
lir 
00% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
585 
00% 
. 0.0% 
14.960 
03% 
22616 
05% 
2.5725 
0.5% 
2107 
00% 
1130 
00% 
. 0.0% 
37.310 
08% 
44.763 
0.9% 
99,995 11% 
- 00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
10.91111 
02% 
11.171 
02% 
30366 
0.2% 
48,450 
3,0% 
51.333 
LI% 
51173 
LI% 
860 
00% 
2017 
00% 
907 
0.0% 
236,921 
4.8% 
237.734 
50% 
2426116 
5.13 
216 
00% 
• 00% 
- Q0% 
- 00% 
- 0.0% 
10.187 
02% 
- 00% 
996 
0.0% 
- 00% 
CO 
00% 
246 
00% 
• 00% 
19,151 
04% 
4021 
01% 
37353 
0.4% 
595 
00% 
1,8(0 
00% 
- 0.0% 
00% 
• 00% 
4432 
0.1% 
2489 
01% 
- 00% 
- 0.0% 
- 00% 
- 00% 
- 0.0% 
198 
00% 
326 
00% 
- 0.0% 
144 
00% 
- OD% 
. 0.0% 
- 00% 
- OD% 
. 0.0% 
- 00% 
- 00% 
- 0.0% 
11/92 02% 
11.959 
03% 
17326 
0.4% 
- 00% 
- 00% 
• 00% 
- 00% 
- 00% 
. 0.0% 
0.100 
0.7% 
nlm 
07% 
31980 
07% 
1133.837 15.1% 
182864 
IA% 
997,721 120% 
1131,296 
15.3% 
49.271 
1.9% 
950361 1746 
10.899 
02% 
12.337 
02% 
16.146 
Q3% 
8.973 
02% 
ZS% 
0.1% 
24364 
0.4% 
11.500 
02% 
11.440 
02% 
11.100 
02% 
104116 
1.7% 
80,161 
14% 
60350 
1.4% 
12531 
02% 
14747 
02% 
11387 
02% 
314 
00% 
OD% 
976 
00% 
23137 
Q4% 
15311 
03% 
r.913 05% 
• 40% 
- OA% 
- 00% 
941 
00% 
495 
OD% 
- 00% 
130 
00% 
713 
OD% 
- 00% 
19.475 
03% 
27.09 
05% 
28.539 
05% 
2.207 
00% 
1,045 
OD% 
- 00% 
44.621 
08% 
52,074 
09% 
93461 
3.7% 
- 40% 
- OA% 
- 00% 
MAXI 
02% 
12391 
02% 
11613 
02% 
57,868 
1.0% 
60.771 
1.1% 
112621 
1.1% 
1.260 
00% 
2,417 
00% 
1473 
Q0% 
270517 
48% 
202330 
50% 
X0.270 
55% 
216 
00% 
- 00% 
- 00% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
- 00% 
10.187 
02% 
- OA% 
2102 
01% 
101 40% 
550 
OA% 
- 00% 
246 
00% 
- 00% 
- 00% 
32130 
04% 
MD 0.1% 
26606 
05% 
995 
40% 
MO 00% 
- 00% 
fun 
- 00% 
5408 
01% 
3.489 
01% 
- 00% 
- 00% 
• 40% 
- OA% 
- 00% 
248 
40% 
376 
OA% 
- 00% 
144 
00% 
- 00% 
- 00% 
00% 
- OD% 
- 00% 
40% 
- OA% 
- 00% 
11473 
02% 
14.374 
03% 
18267 
03% 
00% 
- 00% 
- Q0% 
00% 
- 00% 
. 00% 
39.720 
07% 
39.7a) 
0.7%, 
ISA00 
07% 
44425 12-3% 
41.687 
III% 
59,266 17.9% 
TOTAL OPERATING MENSES 
577440 11.9% 
50,754 11.4% 
429142 132% 
676306 
11.8% 
604120 11.4% 
766,365 
13.714 
255158 473% 
234317 
65.9% 
102380 667% 
TOTAL PROFIT/ LOSS 
3,578.468 72.4% 
2426,1117 71.9% 
3,360494 703% 
4,140120 72.0% 
4039..0.9 712% 
3164287 49.24 
505 
522 
51.3 
HEADCOUNT 
503 
522 
51.6 
543 
321 
51.4 
104ANCIALSTAIDANT$30/110)•0010pANIM4v/R0005DirAtnata 
1'47304051 
0/00100/ 2119 
EFTA00726628
--- PAGE 14 ---
Mikes Hotel løile0 
banary 2010 
44011111 
11•44 TO DATE 
KWL 1tAl ACTUA.0111.0Cal 
EECEP110N 
4~ 
% 
~gd 
Sr 
latten 
% 
And 
% 
ark. 
% 
la ver 
% 
Adual 
% 
00/04
.0 
bat Year 
% 
2.51 
150 
Z7ba 
Raam Mulat* 
72540 
2340 
2340 
muso 
bad 
3200 
1910 
102 
1442 
Ron. 04~40 
19" 
21511 
30.08 
2313 
5124 
210.9 
544544. 
031
3491 
4/`,494014 
314% 
7431. 
7331 
711% 
501 
12.% 
231.41 
2100 
3419/ 
Antspatovin Pa 
10.01 
222 
5454 
141.I2 
23114 
2310 
15442 
124 Mi 
11/170 
114.414, 
7596 
17240 
Innb 
17494 
77140 
11472 
PAYROLI• & RILATED V4.1. 
0~ 
50% 
:20e3 
61% 
11331 
5.3% 
Lásaur 
31103 
424. 
211349 
43% 
5033.3 
4.4% 
2.54031 
44% 
2001.1 
44% 
5153 
46% 
100 
Ofl 
2.4.5 
WI 
2.4.14 
115 
Cihn Pa, 44113410411 
$4.90 
5 t 
551 
06% 
11.0. 
03% 
528 
O9T 
nan 
06% 
moa 
esa 
11334 
33% 
5.1424 
NI% 
34414 
6.21i 
TOTAL PAV11.011. k IttL44110 br. 
24434 
434.4 
212.4141 
31% 
23.174. 
444% 
MUM 
4.1% 
114374 
3114 
5%3% 
an 
oriaanac EXPLNSES 
• 
00% 
. 
045 
• 
1101 
OAwr3l+uiitlø 
- 
004. 
I 
00% 
• 
1101 
. 
GO% 
014 
• 
00% 
- 
00% 
• 
045 
• 
110% 
Comr4204,994 
001. 
• 
01% 
. 
110% 
• 
00% 
. 
00% 
0.1% 
. 
03% 
• 
1" 
C.445%90.9 
00% 
271 
els% 
• 
00% 
IS 
03% 
%I 
03% 
344 
421 
0.19.14404% 
2115 
0.4% 
13.152 
03% 
19.11 
01% 
2‘737 
0.4% 
5211 
3% 
52110 
03% 
- 
001 
. 
045 
• 
(In 
Canylonaury(1444, /.4.44...• 4 
- 
015 
. 
1104 
. 
On 
. 
00% 
00% 
• 
045 
001 
Cue. %Mam 
314 
00% 
01% 
911 
110% 
314 
045 
0% 
974 
00% 
001 
01% 
00% 
%Har& C«iflen 
774 
011% 
40% 
. 
110% 
na 
on 
110 
• 
00% 
• 
00% 
34. 
045 
00% 
T4k0004,00010n4 
140 
045 
• 
110% 
110% 
DJ 
0% 
• 
00% 
214 
0.1% 
02% 
1.1:7 
1.2% 
49941.4 Aai 1.24%,499. 
11426 
03% 
Nel 
0.1% 
21971 
45% 
11.45 
03% 
715 
1% 
31.1144 
04% 
Ni 
00% 
045 
. 
1101 
(0444.14..plio.. 
1.03 
004. 
1410 
00% 
• 
1104 
1.90 
00% 
210 
. 
00% 
%.2 
02% 
.1.550 
«n 
542 
an 
1~4 k 1.1.4watun 
19213 
04% 
2,60 
06% 
0931 
101 
24313 
04% 
3204 
6% 
32191 
04% 
- 
00% 
045 
. 
1104 
CluNtow 1%.......9.44. 
1.1. 
00% 
1501 
01% 
• 
1" 
1.018 
00% 
2.541 
. 
00% 
01% 
a 
41% 
0.2% 
5731Untban I ..undn. 
2109 
0.11 
432 
61% 
.1411 
0l% 
3.101 
01% 
142 
I% 
3141 
41% 
• 
00% 
OD% 
• 
110% 
Uur*, 
00% 
• 
OIO% 
• 
On 
.0% 
- 
OD% 
• 
00% 
OD% 
. 
110% 
RoMuseentn...r. 
001. 
00% 
• 
(10% 
• 
00% 
• 
00% 
214 
0.1% 
On 
. 
110% 
1.1:04.% 
214 
00% 
00% 
• 
110% 
216 
(10% 
0% 
• 
00% 
• 
00% 
001 
. 
110% 
00404111.1044 
00% 
• 
110% 
- 
10% 
0% 
- 
00% 
00% 
00% 
410 
03% 
04140.1~. 
I40,14 
024. 
00% 
I% 
0n 
10.04. 
0S% 
2102 
41% 
- 
00% 
00% 
• 
0n 
CNN 
- 
004. 
00% 
• 
0n 
. 
0n 
. 
00% 
- 
00% 
00% 
• 
0n 
Clean, 
- 
004. 
00% 
• 
0n 
. 
00% 
. 
00% 
- 
00% 
045 
. 
0n 
Urm 
- 
00% 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0n 
• 
00% 
001 
03% 
1.171 
04% 
Unamne. 
004. 
00% 
3201 
1111 
b 
00% 
3347 
61% 
1311 
03% 
1.191 
03% 
1144 
14% 
1V/C./14.14 541410 
11152 
02% 
11.90 
03% 
17324 
01% 
1103 
(In 
DM 
3% 
11120 
03% 
• 
00% 
OD% 
PO% 
Oun k SuscrI4449% 
• 
0P% 
00% 
a" 
• 
On 
0% 
00% 
• 
00% 
00% 
PO% 
Egteaanewo 
• 
0P% 
00% 
a" 
• 
On 
0% 
00% 
00% 
00% 
110% 
%nl k %bsbante 
103 
0P% 
319 
00% 
an 
133 
(10% 
0% 
00% 
144 
00% 
00% 
1104 
ne. Win* 
IN 
001 
00% 
1104 
144 
00% 
00% 
- 
001 
00% 
1104 
Cbt4414.444.0p4 
- 
1 I t 
00% 
1." 
. 
aft 
" 
00% 
- 
0" 
00% 
1104 
Corann..e. 
- 
004. 
00% 
0n 
. 
00% 
00% 
- 
00% 
00% 
1104 
Las/ Dm44,44 
• 
0" 
00% 
001 
. 
0n 
00% 
4.112 
1.2% 
5.774 
13% 
1259 
19% 
TOTAL OIERADNG MIMES. 
nua 
11% 
47143 
I0. 
115141 
2.4% 
91.953 
I.3% 
T.O3 
1.4% 
112.7151 
204 
24.469 
7" 
3003 
$.5% 
3141 
10.1% 
TOTAL 011231305 
313.597 
6.4% 
30902 
43% 
311.4% 
73% 
Man 
43% 
37121/7 
4144 
39115943 
734 
110 
114 
140 
HEAIXOU7It 
119 
114 
13.1 
12.9 
Ui 
111 
INANICILL3TAIDICan1P1310.1901)ANMOv/MtrIlai 
1MV910/ IN, 
EFTA00726629
--- PAGE 15 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
MONTH 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
CONCIERGE 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
Budget 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
2,790 
2,790 
2,790 
Rooms Available 
27540 
27540 
27540 
12250 
32,850 
32,850 
1640 
1682 
1,642 
Rooms Occupted 
19,730 
31511 
20,198 
73.5B 
24,324 
13259 
598% 
603% 
59.9% 
Occupancy 
71.6% 
74.5% 
733% 
712% 
74.0% 
72.6% 
22182 
21410 
201.99 
Average Room Rate 
247.01 
232.25 
13656 
21112 
231.74 
21347 
13627 
12939 
11819 
Revpar 
176.98 
172.97 
17350 
174.96 
17160 
169.72 
PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
11239 
3.0% 
11282 
3.1% 
9252 
2.8% 
Labour 
102191 II% 
110221 
13% 
9200 
19% 
12.4222 
2.2% 
133,412 
2.4% 
112,569 
2.0% 
1396 
04% 
1213 
0.3% 
1,197 
04% 
Other Payroll Related 
13,095 
0.3% 
11352 
03% 
12.012 
0.3% 
15,565 
0.3% 
14.822 
0.3% 
14.642 
03% 
12,734 
3.3% 
9313 13% 
10,449 
32% 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
113296 
14% 
111,174 
7-6% 
MUDD 
2.2% 
140546 
14% 
148,734 
2.6% 
117,211 
13% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
.
0.0% 
Ginning Supplies 
00% 
• 
00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Contract Cleaning 
00% 
• 
00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Cunt Supplies 
00% 
• 
00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Complimentary Guest Amenities 
00% 
• 
00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Postage & Couriers 
00% 
• 
00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Telecommumations 
00% 
• 
00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Painting And SLitionary 
00% 
• 
00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Office Supplies 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Hower% & Decoration 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
oinstmas Decoration 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
179 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
165 
0.0% 
Staff Uniform Laundry 
1,961 
00% 
• 00% 
1614 
0.0% 
1,961 
0.0% 
0.0% 
1,969 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Laundry. 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Rooms Commissions 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Licenses 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Contract labour 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Other Expenses 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
China 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
C.lamare 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Linn 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Undomis 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Dun & Surer:pions 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Entailment 
00% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Transportation 
00% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Taxi's I lorne 
00% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Outside Storage 
00% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Contemn:es 
00% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Loran/ Damages 
00% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
179 
0.0% 
• 0.035 
163 
OA% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
2,112 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
1424 
0.0% 
2,122 
00% 
0.035 
1,969 
0.035 
9.914 
1944 
12413 
33% 
10,614 
3.2% 
TOTAL OVERHEADS 
117,408 
2.4% 
173,174 
2.6% 
1033,656 
2.2% 
142,468 
23% 
148330 
16% 
119280 
13% 
9.0 
9.0 
BS 
HEADCOUNT 
ILO 
9.0 
BS 
FNANCIAL STATEMENTS ZON2010 • 0910JAN3)10 v COW-URGE 
Page Doi X! 
15/02/2010/ 1119 
EFTA00726630
--- PAGE 16 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
MONTH 
YEAR TO DATE 
RILL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
RESERVATIONS 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Yrur 
% 
$790 
$790 
2,790 
Rooms Available 
27,540 
27540 
27540 
32350 
32,850 
32,850 
1,640 
1,682 
1342 
Rooms Occupted 
19,730 
20.511 
20198 
23343 
24324 
13,859 
598% 
603% 
59.9% 
Occupancy 
71.6% 
74.5% 
733% 
712% 
74.0% 
726% 
23182 
21410 
201.99 
Average Room Rate 
247.01 
232.25 
23636 
24112 
31.74 
213.67 
13627 
12939 
118149 
RevPar 
176.98 
172.97 
17330 
174.96 
17110 
169.72 
PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
5.066 
1.3% 
5318 
1.5% 
5,235 
1.6% 
Latour 
49,057 
1.0% 
53,911 
1.1% 
52,411 
1.1% 
60.111 
1.0% 
64,964 
1.2% 
63324 
11% 
5.59 
0.1% 
754 
0.2% 
622 
0.2% 
Other Payroll Related 
5,425 
OA% 
7.272 
0.2% 
4191 
0.1% 
6356 
0.1% 
8,783 
0.2% 
7,466 
0.1% 
5,624 
1-9% 
4272 
1.7% 
5,877 
13% 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
54.482 
1.1% 
61363 
1-1% 
58,601 
1.2% 
67.017 
1.1% 
73.747 
13% 
70390 
13% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Ckuning Supplies 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Contract Cleaning 
- 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Guest Supplies 
- 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Complimentary C ed Amenities 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Ibstage6 Couriers 
• 0.0% 
315 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
355 
0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Telecommunwations 
• 0.0% 
270 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
330 
0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
170 
0.0% 
Printing And Stationary 
• 00% 
1530 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
340 
0.0% 
1,870 
0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Office Supplies 
00% 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
118 
0.0% 
275 
0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Flowers & Decoration 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• OXI% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Chnsunas Decoration 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Staff Uniform Laundry 
692 
00% 
649 
00% 
601 
0.0% 
8122 
0.0% 
728 
0.0% 
734 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
laundry. 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
15,139 
4.0% 
17,481 
4.8% 
17,654 
5.3% 
Rooms Cernmancos 
34027 
48% 
37.714 
50% 
242,446 
5.1% 
278103 
4.8% 
230,330 
5.0% 
307,220 
53% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Licenses 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Contract Labour 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Other Expenses 
- 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
China 
- 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Glassware 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Linen 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Uniforms 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
696 
0.2% 
- 0.0% 
Dun & Suscriptions 
3,419 
Oa% 
• on 
• 0.0% 
3,119 
0.1% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Entertainment 
• on 
• on 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Transportation 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Taxi's Horne 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Outside Storage 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Corderrrees 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Loon/ Damages 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
3.310 
0.9% 
3310 
0.9% 
3.310 
1.0% 
Revenue Management (Bamboo) 
33,100 
0.7% 
13,100 
Oil% 
31,900 
0.7% 
39220 
0.7% 
39,720 
0.7% 
38.600 
0.7% 
19220 
3.1% 
21,111 
5.0% 
21,005 
63% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
273296 
5.6% 
273.782 
3.7% 
275,027 
5.0% 
33,152 
31% 
321,638 
3.7% 
116.603 
6.2% 
261,061 
63% 
27384 
74% 
26,903 
91% 
TOTAL OVERHEADS 
327378 
6.7% 
374.965 
7.0% 
373,628 
7.05 
390,1% 
6.8% 
397385 
IA% 
417353 
73% 
3.0 
HEADCOUNT 
3.0 
3.0 
3.0 
3.0 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ZON2010 MOJAN 
v RUERVATION5 
Paselbol R 
15/02/2010/ 1219 
EFTA00726631
--- PAGE 17 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
MONTH 
WAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
HOUSEKEEPING 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
Budget 
Last Year 
2,790 
2,7% 
2,790 
Roomt Available 
27,540 
27540 
27540 
32850 
32,850 
32,850 
1,640 
1,682 
1842 
Rooms Occupied 
19,730 
70.511 
20,198 
73.543 
24,311 
13859 
588% 
603% 
58.9% 
Occupancy 
71.6% 
74.5% 
733% 
712% 
74.0% 
724A 
21182 
21410 
201.99 
Average Room Rate 
247.04 
232.25 
23636 
14412 
231.74 
233.67 
13627 
12939 
11889 
FtevPar 
176.98 
172.97 
17330 
17496 
17140 
169.72 
PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
31575 
8.3% 
13.312 
92% 
30,153 
9.1% 
Labour 
304435 
62% 
328774 
6.9% 
3.13218 
70% 
371,059 
6.5% 
395,438 
7.0% 
401,315 
72% 
2.528 
0.7% 
- 0.0% 
Labour • Outside Contract 
28,910 
0.6% 
• 0.0% 
18.025 
0.4% 
28,910 
05% 
- 0.0% 
18,073 
03% 
3380 
0.9% 
3,561 
1.1% 
3,973 
1.2% 
Other Payroll Related 
34493 
0.7% 
39,848 
0.8% 
38,50 
0.8% 
42574 
0.7% 
47,978 
as% 
47,031 
0.81. 
37,483 
9.944 
37.313 103% 
14077 10.554 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
367838 
7-9% 
368122 
7.7% 
392.093 
8.2% 
44202 
7.7% 
443.366 
7.9% 
466371 
8.4% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
356 
0.1% 
841 
0.2% 
1,216 
OA% 
Clionmg Supplies 
8,983 
0.2% 
10,428 
0.2% 
15,666 
03% 
10889 
02% 
12,335 
0.2% 
14146 
03% 
611 
0.2% 
677 
02% 
2,176 
07% 
Contract Cleaning 
7,618 
02% 
6.221 
0.1% 
32505 
OA% 
8,973 
02% 
7,576 
0.1% 
24364 
OA% 
955 
0.3% 
955 
03% 
975 
03% 
Window Cleanmg 
9,590 
0.2% 
9$50 
0.2% 
9350 
0.2% 
11500 
02% 
11,460 
0.2% 
11,100 
02% 
9,916 
2.6% 
5,467 
1.5% 
2.674 
08% 
Guest Supptws 
87,733 
1.8% 
67,769 
1.4% 
52.550 
1.1% 
100,146 
1.7% 
80,161 
1.4% 
80,350 
14% 
0.0% 
00% 
• 00% 
Complimentary Guest Amenities 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
ao% 
0.0% 
766 
0.2% 
815 
02% 
386 
01% 
Turndown Amenities 
mns 
02% 
8,924 
0.2% 
7578 
0.2% 
13181 
02% 
10767 
02% 
11,587 
0.2% 
0.0% 
00% 
• 0.0% 
Postapp & Couners 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
00% 
• 0.0% 
Tekommunwationt 
• 0.0% 
135 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
165 
00% 
• 0.0% 
484 
0.1% 
1312 
OA% 
• 00% 
Painbng And Stationary 
1,570 
0.0% 
14,457 
0.3% 
3366 
01% 
4514 
01% 
17,431 
0.3% 
4,252 
0.1% 
0.0% 
00% 
• 0.0% 
Office Supplies 
171 
0.0% 
450 
0.0% 
0.0% 
271 
0.0% 
550 
00% 
• 0.0% 
1,418 
OA% 
976 
0.3% 
5,106 
1.5% 
Flowers & Oct-oration 
14,549 
0.3% 
14.813 
0.3% 
51168 
1.1% 
16761 
0.3% 
17,024 
0.3% 
61,770 
1.1% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
°Stints Decoration 
2.300 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
2.503 
0.0% 
0.0% 
458 
0.1% 
603 
02% 
543 
02% 
Staff Uniform Laundry 
5,417 
Oa 
4025 
OA% 
SAM 
01% 
6,617 
01% 
7715 
01% 
6,719 
0.1% 
406 
1.2% 
4,155 
1.2% 
4,5713 
1.4% 
Laundry. • Lmen 
48/450 
1.0% 
51.353 
1.1% 
51773 
1.1% 
57868 
1.0% 
60271 
1.1% 
58,821 
1.1% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Rooms Commitment 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Licenses 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
3:0 
01% 
(55) 0.0% 
Laundry. • Formatting% 
860 
0.0% 
2017 
00% 
907 
0.0% 
1.260 
0.0% 
2.417 
0.0% 
1,673 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
Contract Labour 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
- 0.0% 
Other Emma 
133 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
133 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
00% 
- 0.0% 
Ohm 
• 0.0% 
450 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
100 
0.0% 
550 
ao% 
• o.os. 
(179) 
0.0% 
• 00% 
Glassware 
246 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
246 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
3,159 
0.8% 
4% 
01% 
2,056 
0.6% 
Linen 
19,151 
0.4% 
OM 
0.1% 
17553 
OA% 
20.330 
OA% 
7,000 at% 
24606 
03% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 
0.0% 
Uniforms 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
1,143 
00% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
2,041 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 
0.0% 
Dues & Surer:mons 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
200 
01% 
• 
0.0% 
Operating Equipment 
595 
0.0% 
1,800 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
995 
0.0% 
2,200 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 
0.0% 
Entertainment 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• OA% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Transportation 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• OA% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Taxi's I kme 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
ao% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Outside Storage 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
ao% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Conferences 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
ao% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
Lamm / Damages 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
ao% 
• 00% 
22749 
6.0% 
1002 
4.7% 
19,544 
5.9% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
219,296 
43% 
203A22 
4.2% 
107.390 
5.0% 
1%315 
43% 
azisn 42% 
305,029 
59% 
60.212 15.8% 
54,114 15.0% 
53,621 162% 
TOTAL OVERHEADS 
587,134 12.0% 
569,041 11.9% 
629,483 132% 
699,098 12-2% 
681,008 12.1% 
771,400 138% 
253 
27.4 
263 
HEADCOUNT 
25.9 
274 
273 
25.9 
27.4 
V.4 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ZON 2010 • 0910JAN DM 
1.01.*DOIEFING 
rage ISM s9 
15/02/2010/ 1419 
EFTA00726632
--- PAGE 18 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
MONTH 
January 2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
EMI SUMMARY 
Actual 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
REVENUE 
50784 
41.0% 
52.606 
412% 
51,931 
425% 
Food Revenue 
629.147 
442% 
656.834 
44.1% 
617,064 
443% 
769.933 112% 
786.621 
442% 
726.765 
44.1% 
66.466 
517% 
66.284 525% 
63,269 518% 
Beverage Revenue 
723.102 
50.8% 
730.830 
49.1% 
679,612 18.7% i 
861373 506% 
877.101 492% 
810.843 492% 
445 
0.4% 
- 00% 
309 
03% 
Tobacco Revenue 
3.687 
03% 
0.0% 
2,481 
02% 
3.687 
02% 
0.0% 
2.691 
02% 
6.056 
4.9% 
7.250 
57% 
6.635 
54% 
Other Revenue 
6720 
4.8% 
100.131 
67% 
95.287 
6.8% 
85.440 
5k% 
117.781 
66% 
107.233 
65% 
127,731 100" 
126140 1030% 
122443 103.0% 
TOTAL REVENUE 
1,411,726 100.0% 
1,482894 100.0% 
1341,411 103.0% 
1,717,411 103.i» 
1,781,602 103.i» 
1,643512 IWO% 
COST OF SALES 
14,499 28.55% 
16.218 30.8% 
16,317 314% 
Food Cost 
164,587 262% 
201445 306% 
197,521 310% 
204,363 
26.9% 
240,821 
30.6% 
234.092 322% 
19.796 29.78% 
17.469 26.4% 
12.972 205% 
Beverage Cost 
193,400 26.7% 
196,094 
26.8% 
190444 29.1% 
231,860 267% 
234.553 267% 
221,725 273% 
0.1% 
- 
Ok% 
- 
OA% 
Tobacco Coil 
610 
0.1% 
- Ok% 
683 
0.1% 
610 
0.1% 
0.0% 
693 
0.1% 
0.0% 
175 
2.4% 
- 
OA% 
Other Cost of Saks 
1,725 
2.6% 
1,735 
1.7% 
- 0.0% 
2.104 
23% 
2.110 
1.8% 
• 0.0% 
31360 
27.8% 
37462 26S'. 
29,289 24.0% 
TOTAL COST OF SALES 
360,125 13.3% 
398,874 26" 
388407 rima 
439,936 ZS% 
477,485 26.8% 
434501 27.7% 
PAYROLL & RELATED EH*. 
57.281 
463% 
53.712 
416% 
52.874 
433% 
labour 
511,823 35.9% 
526,512 354% 
550,142 
39.5% 
619.406 
36.1% 
634.094 
35.6% 
665.242 404% 
6.327 
5.1% 
6.946 
53% 
6.569 
5.4% 
Other Payroll Related 
62.696 
4.4% 
67.353 
43% 
65,478 
4.7% 
76.608 
43% 
81.266 
4.6% 
79.746 
48% 
61609 
51.4% 
61658 48" 
51412 48.6% 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
374421 403% 
391,863 39.9% 
611620 44.1% 
696,015 40" 
715,359 402% 
741,989 43.1% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
. 
0.0% 
- Cik% 
• 0.0% 
Contract Latour 
• OA% 
- Ok% 
. 
Ok% 
. 
Ok% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
253 
0.2% 
228 
02% 
502 
04% 
China 
5416 
OA% 
2.402 
02% 
4755 
03% 
6.072 
04% 
2.858 
02% 
7.254 
0.4% 
263 
0.2% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Glassware 
9541 
07% 
- Ok% 
3,996 
03% 
9.541 
06% 
. 
0.0% 
14,368 
09% 
. 
0.0% 
1W 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
Silver 
2.061 
01% 
959 
0.1% 
- 00% 
2.276 
0.1% 
1.172 
01% 
• 0.0% 
252 
0.2% 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
Lawn 
3752 
02% 
1,126 
0.1% 
. 
Ok% 
3,435 
02% 
1.409 
01% 
• 0.0% 
2.705 
2.2% 
1,682 
13% 
1,767 
14% 
Laundry 
21.219 
1.5% 
20658 
1.4% 
12.890 
1.6% 
25,046 
13% 
24.485 
14% 
26.676 
1.6% 
713 
0.6% 
750 
0.6% 
664 
05% 
Staff Uniform Laundry 
7415 
0.5% 
7303 
03% 
7.132 
03% 
9,315 
03% 
9.003 
05% 
8.557 
05% 
436 
0.4% 
360 
03% 
164 
01% 
Cleaning Supplies 
3561 
0.3% 
4.785 
03% 
2..835 
02% 
4,781 
03% 
6.005 
03% 
3,210 
02% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Contract Cleaning 
350 
OA% 
- Ok% 
- Ok% 
350 
Ok% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
836 
0.7% 
412 
04% 
867 
07% 
Flowers& Decoration 
9.688 
07% 
4,420 
03% 
8467 
0.6% 
10.572 
06% 
5,301 
03% 
10,400 
0.6% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Christmas Decoration 
1,708 
OA% 
- Ok% 
- 00% 
1.708 
Ok% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Music & Entertainment 
• 0.0% 
- Ok% 
- 00% 
. 
Ok% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
650 
0.5% 
1,164 
0.9% 
- 0.0% 
Guest Supplies 
7.942 
0.6% 
11.912 
0.8% 
- 00% 
10,440 
0.6% 
14,520 
08% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
295 
02% 
802 
07% 
Menu & Beverage List 
2,418 
02% 
2.655 
02% 
5489 
04% 
3,008 
02% 
3,245 
02% 
5,103 
03% 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Printing And Stationary 
1.064 
01% 
Ok% 
- 00% 
1,064 
0.1% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Office Supplies 
21:6 
0.0% 
495 
Ok% 
• OA% 
315 
Ok% 
605 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
Telecommunicahores 
• OA% 
810 
0.1% 
• 0/0% 
ISO 
Ok% 
990 
01% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Postage & Couriers 
• OA% 
300 
Ok% 
• 0/0% 
120 
Ok% 
420 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Transportation 
OA% 
- Ok% 
• 00% 
Ok% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Uniforms 
• OA% 
- Ok% 
1,154 
0.1% 
. 
Ok% 
. 
0.0% 
1,151 
01% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Entertainment 
• OA% 
- Ok% 
- 
Ok% 
. 
Ok% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Taxi's Home 
• OA% 
- Ok% 
- 
Ok% 
. 
Ok% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Outside Storage 
- OA% 
- Ok% 
- 
Ok% 
. 
Ok% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
178 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
Paper Supplies 
• OA% 
1.933 
0.1% 
- 
Ok% 
425 
Ok% 
2.259 
01% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Licenses 
• OA% 
262 
Ok% 
- 
Ok% 
Ok% 
321 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
MO% 
• 0.0% 
Dues & Suscriptions 
• OA% 
- Ok% 
- 
Ok% 
. 
Ok% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
200 
02% 
• 0.0% 
Kitchen Utensils & Equipment 
163 
00% 
1.800 
0.1% 
623 
Ok% 
563 
Ok% 
2.200 
01% 
649 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
274 
02% 
- 0.0% 
Operating Equipment & Supplies 
1,955 
01% 
2.464 
02% 
- 
Ok% 
2.502 
0.1% 
3,011 
02% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
. 
Ok% 
- 0.0% 
Other Expenses 
230 
00% 
Ok% 
608 
Ok% 
Ok% 
0.0% 
608 
0.0% 
FNANCIAL STATEMENTS 20:9 20I0 • 09101 AN 3,10 V/ F&O,UMMARY 
Pligeldt:d R 
15/02/2010/ 1119 
EFTA00726633
--- PAGE 19 ---
Dukes lintel Limited 
MONTH 
January 2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
FAB SUMMARY 
Actual 
t% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
A's 
Budget 
% 
Lid Year 
% 
AChal 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
- 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Kitchen Fuel 
0.01. 
0/3% 
. 
0.0% 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0471 .01% 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
Fl) Commisstorn 
4.11.55 
0.3% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
4855 
03% I 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Travel Subsistence 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
5,813 
4.7% 
6,005 
4.8% 
4765 
1.9% 
TOTAL OPERATING IDYENSES 
83396 
3.9% I 
64563 
43% 
57,749 
4.1% 
94907 
SA% 
nes 
44% 
77,978 
4.7% 
19,959 16.1% 
25,615 
23.3% 
28.666 215% 
TOTAL PRORT/ LOSS 
405223 SS% 
434591 an 
ISIS 
SA% 
485,576 283% 
310583 2576 
368,064 123% 
OPERATING STATISTICS 
S2 
Total Employees 
SS 
1,777 
1.771 
1,845 
Payroll Per Fanployee 
16,410 
17.339 
17.3513 
19,
20,886 
21,374 
3,458 
3.6
3,792 
Sales Per Employee 
44646 
43,442 
39,109 
49.036 
52,018 
47.268 
101 
102 
Covers Per Employee 
14129 
1,185 
937 
1.262 
1,418 
1,119 
3.602 
3.505 
2.983 
Total Covers 
34029 
40,580 
33,138 
RAW 
48.554 
38.999 
0.07 
007 
0.17 
Ch0a Cost Per Cover 
0.16 
0.06 
0.14 
014 
0.06 
0.19 
0.07 
Glassware Cost Per Cover 
0.26 
• 
0.12 
072 
0.37 
0_03 
Silver Oa Per Cover 
0.06 
0.02 
026 
0.02 
0.07 
0.03 
Linen Cost Per Cover 
0.09 
0.03 
026 
0.03 
0.75 
048 
0.59 
Laundry Cost Per Cover 
0.99 
051 
0.69 
057 
0.50 
0.68 
0.75 
048 
0.59 
Staff Uniform Laundry Cost Per Cover 
039 
051 
0.69 
057 
0.50 
0.68 
0.12 
0.10 
0.06 
Cleaning Cost Per Cover 
0.10 
0.12 
0.09 
411 
0.12 
0.06 
0.18 
033 
Guest Supplies Cost Per Cover 
022 
029 
024 
0.30 
1.62 
1.71 
1.60 
Total Cam Per Cover 
232 
159 
124 
220 
1.60 
200 
FNANCIAL STATEMENTS Z0)92010 0110JAN 
v Fla 9/MMARY 
Ape 190O2 
15/02/3110/ 12419 
EFTA00726634
--- PAGE 20 ---
Dukes Holel Limited 
P4ONTII 
January 2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
PULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
TITE DINING ROOM 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
La« Year 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Lase Year 
Actual 
Budget 
Lau Year 
REVENUE 
25561 78.6% 
262301 
80.7% 
25.307 830% 
Food Revenue 
324226 
815% 
314,974 
82.0% 
281,691 82.9% 
388,126 834% 
374874 82.1% 
salsas 831% 
6.960 
214% 
4415 
19.3% 
4,882 162% 
Beverage Revenue 
43% 145% 
69311 18.0% 
58,756 
17.1% 
77247 
166% I 
82.300 17.9% 
69,189 16.9% 
0.0% 
Other Revenue 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
011% 
32.5$1 100.0% 
33.215 100.0% 
30,189 100.0% 
TOTAL REVENUE 
390383 100.013 
304015 100013 
34117 100013 
468473 1000% 
459,174 100.0% 
409,797 100.0% 
COST OF SALES 
7299 
28.6% 
8442 31.5% 
7,952 314% 
Food Cost 
83,038 
255% 
513453 
31.3% 
9'1,126 
32.0% 
101536 
264% 
118251 314% 
109,789 322% 
2,136 
307% 
1,860 
290% 
1001 203% 
Beverage Cost 
16,921 163% 
33214 
29.2% 
14367 
27.9% 
20483 
26.7% 
24,001 292% 
MU 
272% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Other Cost of Saks 
663 
00% 
• 00% 
663 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
9,435 AO% 
10.302 310% 
8,953 
29.7% 
TOTAL COST OP SALES 
100422 21044 
MS 
309% 
107)493 313% 
121388 264% 
142352 
31.0% 
178601 314% 
PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
14)341 
412% 
13235 
39.8% 
21,957 72.7% 
Labour 
134,977 
31.6% 
137,961 35.9% 
226.709 66.0% 
161,489 
34.7% 
141.47.1 35.8% 
274.605 
67.0% 
1.572 
4.8% 
1439 
4.9% 
2,720 
9.0% 
Other Payroll Related 
15,535 
4.0% 
16297 
4.4% 
25309 
74% 
18,818 
4.0% 
2000 
4.4% 
31).908 
75% 
15,614 40% 
14.874 
440% 
24485 818% 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RIMMED EXP. 
130,512 
383% 
MORI 42% 
152.019 734% 
180307 39.7% 
184353 
40.2% 
305,513 744% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
0.0% 
• Olt% 
Contract Labour 
. 
00% 
• 00% 
• 00% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.2% 
0.2% 
502 
1.7% 
Chen 
5073 
1.3% 
827 
02% 
4,7% 
14% 
5,179 
1.1% 
933 
02% 
7254 
1.8% 
156 
0.5% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Glassware 
699 
02% 
• 
00% 
• 00% 
689 
0.1% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
Silver 
2,063 
0.5% 
360 
0.1% 
• 00% 
2,143 
05% 
110 
0.1% 
• 011% 
0.2% 
• 0.0% 
Operating Equipment & Supplies 
1,466 
0.4% 
664 
02% 
• OA% 
1)513 
0.3% 
811 
02% 
• 011% 
Si 
08% 
0.2% 
• 0.0% 
Linen 
3,153 
0.8% 
855 
02% 
• 00% 
3.753 
07% 
9% 
02% 
• 011% 
1,180 
34% 
781 
24% 
707 
13% 
Laundry 
8,661 
12% 
10.859 
Ill% 
9,156 
2-7% 
10.375 
2-2% 
12.614 
2.7% 
18670 
2.6% 
0.2% 
257 
0.7% 
297 
1.0% 
Staff Uniform Laundry 
2,145 
0.5% 
2464 
0.6% 
3,115 
09% 
2.619 
0.6% 
2.938 
06% 
3.708 
0.9% 
00% 
0.2% 
• 0.0% 
Clewing Supplks 
789 
0.2% 
450 
OA% 
• 00% 
889 
02% 
%0 
0.1% 
• 011% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Contract Cleaning 
350 
OA% 
• 00% 
• 00% 
350 
0.1% 
- 0.0% 
• 011% 
596 
1.8% 
260 
08% 
563 
1.9% 
flowers & Decoration 
5,533 
1.4% 
2400 
07% 
5433 
1.6% 
6163 
1.3% 
3,120 
07% 
6.760 
14% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Clirturnat Decoration 
• 00% 
• 
00% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
- OA% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Musk & Entertainment 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
- OA% 
361 
1.1% 
110 
10% 
Guns Supplies 
3,739 
1.0% 
3.397 
0.9% 
• 00% 
4,451 
10% 
4,113 
09% 
- OA% 
100 
03% 
BR 
2.7% 
Menu & Beverage Last 
948 
0.2% 
900 
02% 
LON 
1.5% 
1,148 
02% 
L100 
02% 
5,103 
12% 
• 0.0% 
Prinhng And Statiomay 
192 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
192 
0.0% 
• 00% 
- OA% 
0.1% 
Office Supplies 
150 
00% 
225 
0.1% 
• 
0.0% 
310 
0.0% 
275 
01% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
Telecommunkatiom 
• 00% 
00% 
• 0.0% 
3) 
0.0% 
110 
00% 
- OA% 
• 0.0% 
Pouarp & Couriers 
• 00% 
• 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
• 00% 
- OA% 
• 0.0% 
Transportation 
00% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
00% 
• 00% 
- OA% 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
Commissions On Sales 
4,630 
1.2% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
4430 
10% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Entertainment 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Uniforms 
• 00% 
• 00% 
1,151 
0.3% 
- 0.0% 
1,154 
03% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Paper Supplies 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 011% 
0.1% 
Licenses 
• 00% 
262 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
321 
0.1% 
• 011% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Dues & Suscriptions 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 011% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Equipment / Repau • Knells, 
163 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
163 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• Oa% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Other Expenses 
174 
00% 
00% 
• 0.0% 
174 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 011% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Kudun Fuel 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 00% 
- 0.0% 
• 011% 
2.158 8" 
2162 
6.2% 
2.871 
93% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
39,915 102% 
24024 
63% 
28.902 
8.4% 
44,251 93% 
28310 
42% 
34,649 
85% 
4,737 1.19% 
8987 RUM 
(6321) 40.9% 
TOTAL PROFIT/ LOSS 
99,504 253% 
56,607 
22-5% 
µ4,9A) 411% 
117,0% 2.1% 
108130 217% 
(58,965) 44.4% 
OPERATING STATISTICS 
FINANCIAL STAIEMENTS2D/92010 • C910IAN 3,105/ THE DINING 
P4u200132 
15/T2/3/10/ 1219 
EFTA00726635
--- PAGE 21 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
MONTH 
DIE DINING ROOM 
ACIU31 
`!'s 
Budget 
% 
Lad Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
YEAR TO DATE 
Budget 
% 
Last Yaw 
% 
Actual 
FULL YEAR ACTUAI,IBUDC ET 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
8.9 
ILO 
14.4 
Total Employees 
11.7 
8.0 
13.3 
11.7 
15.0 
3,650 
4,152 
201 
Sales Per Employee 
33.292 
48.036 
22404 
39,675 
57,997 
27,293 
173 
204 
105 
Covers Per Emptovcv 
1.543 
2.352 
1,099 
1,847 
2,798 
1.339 
1337 
1,634 
1,553 
Total Covers 
18,100 
18813 
14692 
21,672 
21,3115 
24095 
005 
0O3 
032 
China Cost Per Cover 
0.28 
0.04 
028 
024 
004 
036 
0.10 
• 
• 
Glasware Cost Per Cover 
0.04 
- 
0.03 
• 
002 
Sitver Cost Per Cover 
0.11 
0.02 
010 
0.02 
0.16 
003 
Linen Cost Per Cover 
0.17 
0.05 
015 
Oki 
0.77 
0.48 
0.46 
Laundry Cast Ng Cover 
0.48 
0.58 
035 
OAS 
036 
0.53 
004 
015 
0.19 
Staff Uniform Laundry Cost Per Caeca 
0.12 
0.13 
019 
0.12 
013 
0.18 
0SA 
003 
Ckanmg Cost Per Cover 
0.04 
0.02 
004 
002 
024 
021 
Guest Supply. Coo Per Cover 
0.21 
0.18 
021 
018 
128 
126 
185 
Total Cost Per Cover 
2.21 
1.28 
173 
204 
127 
122 
FOOD REVENUE 
14.303 
11,840 
13,861 
Breakfast 
184233 
153298 
146518 
213,577 
182,142 
176,051 
4.350 
7,036 
4,070 
Lunch 
54141 
69,929 
51390 
70314 
84099 
60,449 
4912 
7,9E 
7)75 
Dinner 
85,348 
91746 
84%2 
104235 
110,633 
taktOli 
25.361 
SAN 
25,307 
TOTAL FOOD REVENUE 
326226 
314,974 
251,691 
388136 
37074 
240,608 
BEVERAGE REVENUE 
140 
. 
Breakfast 
1,831 
186 
1,654 
1,861 
186 
1,848 
1491 
2612 
1,435 
Lunch 
21,783 
24594 
19,009 
27459 
32.670 
21,931 
5,129 
340.3 
3.373 
Dinner 
39,196 
42131 
38.094 
44509 
49.444 
45,409 
6,960 
6,415 
4,892 
TOTAL BEVERAGE REVENUE 
64333 
69.311 
58,756 
77)41 
82700 
69,189 
32,524 
33,215 
30,189 
TOTAL REVENUE 
390,577 
3%285 
343,447 
465,467 
459,174 
409,797 
BREAKFAST 
NoettradingDay. 
306 
306 
306 
366 
366 
366 
V 
Average Covers Per Day 
960 
841 
968 
Total Monthly Covers 
11,365 
10,4% 
10106 
13273 
12,406 
12347 
14.90 
14.03 
1403 
Food Spend Per Cover 
16.25 
14.60 
14.60 
1609 
14.69 
1449 
035 
007 
Beverage Spend Per Cover 
0.17 
0.02 
016 
0.14 
002 
0.15 
1504 
14.03 
1410 
Total Average Spend 
16.42 
14.62 
1426 
1623 
14.70 
14.65 
LUNCH 
Noo(TradingDays 
306 
306 
306 
366 
366 
366 
Average Covers Per Day 
217 
400 
219 
Total Monthly Covers 
2.228 
3750 
7,563 
3458 
4,480 
3,022 
1835 
1759 
1899 
Food Spend Per Cover 
20.58 
18.65 
2013 
2033 
18.77 
20.00 
713 
6.53 
635 
Beverage Spend Per Cover 
7.99 
7.20 
742 
7.94 
729 
726 
2549 
2412 
2514 
Total Average Spend 
28.57 
25.85 
2735 
2827 
26.06 
V.26 
DINNER 
No of Trading Day. 
306 
306 
306 
366 
366 
365 
Average Covers Per Day 
310 
3% 
346 
Total MonthlyCovers 
4,007 
4.565 
4.093 
4,941 
5,499 
4,926 
FINAPCIAL STAIEMINTS2(092010 • IMOJAN 2010 v / THE DINING ROOM 
F•gell *02 
15/02/2010/ 1219 
AY 
EFTA00726636
--- PAGE 22 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
MONTH 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
2033 
2032 
l5.09 
925 
35.41 
3007 
THE DINING ROOM 
Last Year 
% 
2132 
Food Spend Per Cover 
925 
Beverage Spend Per Cover 
3107 
Total Average Spend 
YEAR TO DATE 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
21.30 
20.10 
21.15 
9.78 
9.23 
931 
31.08 
2933 
3046 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDD ET 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
21.10 
941 
3051 
Lau Yeas 
% 
20.12 
21.13 
8.99 
922 
29.11 
3035 
FININCIAL STATEMENTS 9099N0. 0910JAN 3)10v/ ME DINING ROOM 
Page 22 MX! 
0/02.13110/ 19419 
EFTA00726637
--- PAGE 23 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
NION111 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR AGTUADBUDGET 
TIIE DRAWING ROOM 
Actual 
% 
audio 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
os4a 
% 
Last Yeas 
% 
Actual 
% 
INA" 
% 
Lag Yeas 
% 
REVENUE 
4492 SU% 
4459 86^ 
309 86% 
Rag Itcytuue 
51293 765% 
53238 852% 
46,517 83" 
60031 77.8% 
61,894 16.4t 
54,713 840% 
384 115% 
676 332% 
623 144% 
ne.,//qp Rivnio 
15.763 235% 
9215 348% 
9,0113 162% 
37,331 r.r. 
IRMO 14" 
301404 16.0% 
00% 
- 00% 
- OW% 
Cahn. Revenue 
• 010% 
- 00% 
5,076 100.0% 
5,3Z 100.0% 
4422 1000% TOTAL REVENUE 
67457 10.0% 
62..O3 IOW" 
55.520 1000% 
77,161 100.^ 
72.479 DIU" 
65..107 1001" 
COST Of SALES 
12$2 283% 
- 00% 
1.162 314% 
loed Cost 
13.901 271'c 
1089 330%' 
11905 22% 
• 00% 
1709 32.2% 
374 29" 
. 00% 
328 205% 
UM*/ COO 
4,393 256% 
2362 213% 
4,191 245% 
. 00% 
2281 27.7% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
Odin Cod 
. 
0.0% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
1,456 28.7% 
3.290 19" 
TOTAL COST OF SALES 
18240 DUN 
17,451 31" 
IRMO 235% 
20.540 313% 
PAYROLL & RELAY/OUP. 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
- 00% 
Labour 
• 0.0% 
00% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
- 00% 
Can« Payroll Realed 
0.0% 
00% 
- 00% 
0.0% 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RELATEDEXP. 
- 
ILO% 
OPERATING DCPENSES 
3.1% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
China 
151 
02% 
. 
0.0% 
353 
0.2% 
. 08% 
- Q0% 
• RO% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
Isundry 
SG 
1.3% 
• 0.0% 
2.863 
5.2% 
1.1% 
. 00% 
3,335 
5.1% 
- 0.0% 
• OW% 
221 
53% 
SuIlVnllwmL.andry 
y 
04% 
• 0.0% I
- 00% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
- 00% 
Claming Supplies. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 08% 
- OA% 
• 0.0% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
CanizAi Cluanins 
00% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 08% 
- OA% 
- 0.0% 
• OW% 
- 00% 
Hower, & Doreraum 
903 
1.5% 
983 
1.3% 
• 00% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• OW% 
- 00% 
ChnsennOneeasen 
500 
0.0% 
500 
00% 
• 00% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
/43e4c & Enictuinmant 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
00% 
. 
0.0% 
. 08% 
- OA% 
- 0.0% 
• OW% 
- 00% 
Coen Supplies 
04% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• Ok0% 
- 00% 
Menu & Beveroug lam 
0.0% 
- 00% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
Natant And Stationary 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
00% 
. 
0.0% 
. 00% 
- OA% 
• 0.0% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
011itv5up~ 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
00% 
. 
0.0% 
. 00% 
- OA% 
- 0.0% 
- OW% 
- 00% 
Tekaommummors 
0.0% 
-a0% 
-a0% 
• Ok0% 
- 00% 
Posuge & Como" 
00% 
- 00% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
Trampotuiton 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
. 00% 
. 00% 
- OA% 
• 0.0% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
LISA" 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
. 00% 
. 08% 
- OA% 
• Ok0% 
- 00% 
Entertunment 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
- Ok0% 
- 00% 
Tani-low 
0.0% 
- an 
- an 
an 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
Outtiät SiotaAt 
00% 
• 0.0% 
. 
00% 
• 0.0% 
08% 
- OA% 
- 0.0% 
• OW% 
- 00% 
Papa/Suppler, 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
00% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• OW% 
- 00% 
lueme 
- 0.0% 
00% 
- CW% 
• 0.0% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
IA" AStrunpiittru 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
08% 
- ClO% 
• 0.0% 
. 00% 
- 00% 
Kiidon% Equiprunu 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
08% 
- ClO% 
- 0.0% 
• OW% 
- 00% 
ClIter Expenses 
- 0.0% 
641 
1.1% 
- 0.0% 
00% 
018 
09% 
IS% 
0.0% 
221 
3.1% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
2.373 
33% 
2469 
62% 
;SS 
33% 
0.019 
3,912 
60% 
U 
2329 693% 
5,15 NOD% 
2311 65.0% 
TOTAL PROF1171.126S 
46,431 692% 
62373 200O% 
~00 
623% 
56.537 733% 
72479 3005% 
411.7115 624% 
IINANCIALSTAIDAINT53121)103•0010pANMOrfITICIAAVOINGWYJAI 
raeraoisa 
LVCOMIII0/ ILIU 
EFTA00726638
--- PAGE 24 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
MONTH 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
ME DRAWING ROOM 
Actual 
Suomi 
1.54 Yes 
AdUal 
Budget 
Lag Yam 
Actual 
Budget 
Lag Yew 
% 
OPERATING STATISTICS 
Tette Employees 
- 
SA05EPm Employee 
- 
- 
COM. Put Eacknve 
- 
171 
1111 
556 
Toul Coos 
4,099 
4.00I 
ENO 
4479 
11,7114 
5,659 
0.1l 
- 
China Cool MI COP/1 
004 
010 
WM 
GlauwaN Cosl I% Cowr 
001 
001 
Styr Cost Per Cover 
- 
linen Cost Pet Cover 
- 
laundry Cest Pee Rouge 
021 
030 
0.17 
059 
0.40 
Sufi Uniform Laundry Con FBI Cover 
- 
Cleaning Cog Pa Cover 
- 
CAN0 Supp1146 OH l'or Cesar 
010 
OGG 
0.19 
0397158273 
Total Cost Per Cowl' 
062 
0.70 
052 
063 
FOOD REVENUE 
356 
500 
918 
1155.140 
1547 
9502 
13,580 
2447 
IOW 
13920 
915 
701 
716 
Lunzh 
11,217 
9407 
7432 
12.309 
1017119 
6260 
3,118 
3X02 
1,509 
Al temcon lea 
19222 
28.302 
18,979 
25,366 
34146 
22582 
102 
165 
516 
Curer 
19410 ****** 
6,077 
6)26 
19510 
6.577 
7501 
402 
4,459 
5699 
TOTAL 1200 REVENUE 
31.295 
55,158 
44512 
445031 
61.444 
54,761 
BEVERAGE REVENUE 
188 
114flklial 
823 
191 
1.351 
873 
191 
1.507 
219 
161 
Luroth 
1,955 
3,479 
1.530 
3,287 
2,731 
1.743 
261 
381 
301 
Antenna,. Tea 
1,719 
3,591 
4589 
2,517 
4359 
5.364 
130 
Dray 
10231 
2,954 
1,533 
10581 
3,304 
1.70$ 
594 
tas 
TOTAL BEVERAGE REVENUE 
emit REVENUE 
15,761 
9,08 
9.0,03 
17,131 
10,533 
10.404 
Othn Revenue 
9476 
5.136 
1513 
TOTAL REVENUE 
47407 
62173 
53510 
72163 
75179 
65,167 
BREAKFAST 
No of Trading Days 
306 
306 
306 
316 
363 
363 
I 
Avurake,Coms Put Day 
100 
Toul MonthlyCovers 
436 
900 
1,915 
636 
1.100 
2.173 
557 
5X0 
2239 
160.1.5prnd Per Cover 
424 
10.09 
709 
4.48 
9.17 
7.33 
021 
49/ 
1100nae,Smnd 14t Conn 
119 
021 
0.71 
119 
0.17 
0,69 
5.78 
540 
BA 
Tool Move Send 
6.13 
1030 
780 
5.77 
934 
BM 
LUNCH 
No of Trading Days 
306 
306 
306 
316 
365 
365 
Avenge Goya. Pet Dry 
156 
108 
180 
Total Monthly Covers 
1,176 
1..269 
472 
1.341 
4436 
536 
512 
630 
3.56 
Foal Span) I% Cam 
954 
7.63 
16.17 
9.16 
751 
1651 
1.40 
LW 
048 
110,040,Spnal Put Cann 
2.31 
1.96 
324 
239 
ISO 
336 
727 
430 
4.46 
Foul 4rtme Spend 
1205 
940 
1941 
1155 
9.42 
19.72 
IINANCIALSTAILNINT53113)10/•0010PAN)000v/ TIICURAYIINfaCOOM 
4,84240432 
w/09/944,/ 1119 
EFTA00726639
--- PAGE 25 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
MONTH 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
TIME DRAWING ROOM 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Lam Yes 
% 
Actual 
S 
Budget 
S 
Lag Yne 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Latt Yeas 
% 
AFTERNOON TEA 
Noce lodeng Day, 
306 
306 
306 
365 
365 
365 
AveraupCcnot Mr Day 
a 
It 
256 
232 
Total Monthly Creura 
1.594 
zsa 
7366 
2.106 
2.260 
3666 
10.3) 
12(13 
5.49 
/9015991 Pr Cover 
1200 
1205 
566 
1204 
1206 
522 
091 
150 
0.93 
%+m% Spend Per Cover 
110 
153 
136 
1.19 
1.52 
139 
1128 
1350 
6.42 
Total Anna/35%3d 
13.16 
1358 
7/0 
1324 
1357 
721 
DINNER 
Nod Toden3139% 
306 
306 
306 
365 
365 
365 
I 
%era% Coons rut Day 
I 
I 
Total Mond% agog 
1.329 
388 
1222 
1,429 
368 
1223 
31,3 
SAO 
149 
Feud Spend Eve COVel 
1430 
1.566 
514 
1365 
13.40 
522 
350 
0.93 
%cake/Spend Pis Cover 
770 
761 
136 
7.41 
617 
139 
6Th 
666 
850 
6.41 
TOW AverkireSpcnd 
2200 
2328 
700 
2106 
2025 
721 
IINANCIALSTAILNINTSIMMOI•0010pAN)000r/ TIIC COAVIDIC ROOM 
Ewe Dam 
B/02,11110/ 1119 
EFTA00726640
--- PAGE 26 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
Actual 
% 
11103/111 
Budget 
January 2010 
% 
last Year 
% 
DUKES BAR 
REVENUE 
Actual 
% 
YEAR TO DATE 
Budget 
% 
Late Year 
% 
Actual 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
518 
10% 
1.551 
3A% 
427 
0.9% 
Food Revenue 
1677 
0.7% 
11547 
23% 
5.538 
1.1% 
6.686 
1.0% 
16.5% 
26% 
6.184 
1.0% 
50.137 
W.1% 
50.671 970% 
47.369 
93.5% 
Bererape Revenue 
538161 932% 
524.972 973% 
439.453 ØA% 
643.694 983% 
630.461 974% 
592.980 935% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
00% 
Room Ilue 
- 
Oa% 
• 
AO% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
445 
0.9% 
• 
Ok% 
309 
06% 
Tobacco Revenue 
3.687 
0.7% 
011% 
2.491 
03% 
3.687 
0.6% 
0.0% 
2.691 
0.4% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
GO% 
Other Revenue 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
Ok% 
• 00% 
• ROY 
51,101 1010% 
52.252 1000 
45,101 101091 TOTAL REVENUE 
503,526 100.4% 
538,572 100.42% 
497,471 180.0% 
651,067 103.0% 
647,114 1010% 
601,855 1010% 
COST OF SALES 
148 283% 
458 2911% 
131 31,1% 
ØCø1 
989 26.9% 
4.096 302% 
1946 313% 
1.861 27.8% 
4.968 
30.0% 
1.965 
318% 
14.918 
29.8% 
13.681 27.0% 
9,712 
7123% 
Beverage Cost 
141,484 
26.8% 
145,157 272% 
137,563 
293% 
172.978 
26.9% 
173,851 27.6% 
162.2% 
27.4% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Tobacco Cast of Sales 
515 14.8% 
• 011% 
683 
27.5% 
545 14.8% 
- 0.0% 
683 
254% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Other Cost of Saks 
• 
0.0% 
Ok% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
OD% 
15,066 293% 
14,160 27.1% 
9,846 20.5% 
TOTAL COST OF SALES 
viSput 268% 
149,433 27.7% 
129,991 281% 
173,384 
26.8% 
178,819 276% 
164,912 VA% 
PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
6802 133% 
6.053 
11.6% 
5.750 120% 
Labour 
60)72 113% 
59,317 1111% 
55377 112% 
72.499 
11.1% 
71.444 
1111% 
70.938 
118% 
791 
13% 
949 
1.8% 
669 
14% 
Other Payroll Related 
13.490 
2.5% 
9,079 
12% 
6.775 
13% 
15.389 
2A% 
10.978 
12% 
8.205 
1.4% 
7,593 14.9% 
7,002 134% 
4419 Al% 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
73362 133% 
al% 122% 
65,102 13.1% 
87,099 114% 
82.422 117% 
79,141 111% 
FNANCIAL STATEMENTS 2039 20I0 • 0910JAN 
v MICE BAR 
Age 
WW/MO/ 1219 
EFTA00726641
--- PAGE 27 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 
MONIII 
2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
DUKES BAR 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Badge. 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 
GO% 
Contract Labour 
. 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
00% 
0.0% 
0.1% 
• 
OD% 
China 
. 
0.0% 
450 
0.1% 
. 
0.0% 
100 
0.0% 
550 
0.1% 
• 00% 
0.1% 
. 
00% 
- 
OD% 
Mumma.° 
8,698 
1.6% 
- 00% 
3,996 
0.8% 
8.698 
13% 
• 
OA% 
14.348 
24% 
0.0% 
00% 
- 
GO% 
Silver 
. 
0.0% 
00% 
. 
0.0% 
OA% 
110 
0.0% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Office Supplies 
0.0% 
- OA% 
. 
OA% 
OA% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.1% 
• 
0.0% 
Operaung Equipment & Supplies 
111 
0.0% 
450 
0.1% 
. 
0.0% 
211 
0.0% 
550 
0.1% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
Ian 
. 
0.0% 
- 0/3% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
GO% 
0.0% 
02% 
02% 
laundry 
337 
0.1% 
750 
0.1% 
1,145 
02% 
507 
0.1% 
920 
0.1% 
1.334 
02% 
02% 
02% 
02% 
Staff Uniform Laundry 
5s)? 
0.2% 
802 
0.1% 
801 
02% 
1.067 
02% 
960 
0.1% 
978 
02% 
OA% 
OA% 
• GO% 
CleaningSupplics 
1(6 
0.0% 
180 
0.0% 
. 
0.9% 
145 
0.0% 
2.20 
0.0% 
• GO% 
OA% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
GO% 
Contract Cleanim 
. 
0.0% 
• OA% 
. 
OA% 
• 
0.0% 
- 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
240 
03% 
182 
03% 
217 
03% 
Flowen & Denwatico 
2,664 
0.5% 
1,820 
03% 
2,167 
0.4% 
3.028 
03% 
2.184 
03% 
2.600 
0.4% 
OA% 
• 
OA% 
• 
GO% 
Christmas Decoration 
0.0% 
• 00% 
. 
0.0% 
00% 
• 00% 
• 
GO% 
OA% 
• 
OA% 
- 
OD% 
Music & Entertainment 
- 
0.0% 
- 00% 
. 
0.0% 
• 00% 
- 00% 
• 
GO% 
OA% 
661 
13% 
• 
GO% 
Guest Supplies 
1,489 
0.3% 
6.190 
1.1% 
. 
0.0% 
2359 
0.4% 
7.561 
12% 
• 
GO% 
OA% 
0.1% 
• 
OD% 
Menu 6. Beverafrfr List 
948 
0.2% 
405 
0.1% 
- 0.0% 
1.038 
02% 
495 
0.1% 
• 
GO% 
OA% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
OD% 
Punting And Stationary 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
GO% 
OA% 
0.0% 
- 
GO% 
Paper Supplies 
- 
0.0% 
123 
0.0% 
. 
0.9% 
0.0% 
225 
0.0% 
• 
GO% 
OA% 
. 
0.0% 
- 
OD% 
Tetercmmunicanorn 
. 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
- 
0.0% 
• 
GO% 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
GO% 
Pottage & Conners 
. 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
GO% 
OA% 
. 
0.0% 
- 
GO% 
Transportation 
- 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
- 
0.0% 
• 
GO% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
. 
GO% 
Uniforms 
. 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
GO% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
. 
GO% 
Entertainment 
. 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
GO% 
OA% 
0.0% 
- 
OD% 
TaX3% Hanle 
- 0.0% 
- 00% 
. 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
OD% 
OA% 
0.0% 
• 
GO% 
OutudeStorapp 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
- 
0.0% 
• 
OD% 
002 
OA% 
. 
GO% 
Lk-ernes 
. 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
GO% 
002 
OA% 
- 
OD% 
Dues & Suscnpnons 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
GO% 
OA% 
0.0% 
- 
OD% 
Kitchen Utensils 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 
OD% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
GO% 
Other Expenses 
0.0% 
ID 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
OA% 
0.0% 
. 
GO% 
Kitehtn Fuel 
. 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
00% 
392 
OS% 
1,211 
21% 
297 
OS% 
TOTAL OPERATING ID(PENSES 
15,456 
28% 
11.373 
21% 
MOB 1" 
17,919 
21% 
12,839 
21% 
19,229 
3.2% 
2SAILI 34.9% 
29,900 
57291. 
31,452 MA% 
TOTAL PROFIT/LOSS 
210,189 MS% 
31:12,252 57.4% 
2~01 57.1% 
272,876 
57.09.1 
272,039 
373% 
330,490 962% 
FINANCIAL StAIEMINIS 2117•2010 • 000IAN 3,10v/ 01.103BAR 
Age.Z7Cd 52 
15/02/2100/ 12.19 
EFTA00726642
--- PAGE 28 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
111014111 
January 2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
DUKES BAR 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
1108Bet 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
OPERATING STATISTICS 
4.0 
Total Employees 
4.0 
4.0 
lO 
12,775 
11061 
12026 
Salt. Per Employee 
136381 
134,643 
124.368 
163517 
161..779 
150,464 
730 
897 
743 
Covers Per Employee 
6325 
9,104 
7,654 
8.187 
10,966 
9,183 
2918 
3,590 
2.972 
Total Covers 
25295 
36,416 
30414 
32747 
43,861 
36,730 
001 
- 
China Cost Pm Cover 
- 
001 
• 
ODO 
OM 
0.02 
Glassware Cost Per Cover 
034 
• 
013 
027 
• 
0.39 
ODO 
Sher Cmt Per Cover 
000 
Om 
ODD 
Lemmata Per Cover 
• 
• 
• 
OM 
0.03 
laundry Cost Per Cover 
001 
002 
OO1 
OM 
0.02 
0.04 
Om 
Om 
0.03 
Staff Uniform Laundry Cost Per Cover 
O04 
002 
Om 
Om 
OM 
0.03 
OM 
Cleaning Cost Per Cover 
000 
CIAO 
Om 
OM 
O00 
0.18 
Guest Supplies Cost Pm Cover 
006 
017 
0.09 
017 
0.13 
031 
0.11 
Total Cost Per Cover 
061 
031 
026 
055 
0-12 
0.52 
FOOD REVENUE 
Breakfast 
1.581 
Lunch 
um 
13,332 
1.583 
4.050 
16.336 
1.733 
Afternoon Tea 
569 
569 
Coctails 
469 
335 
Dinner 
2067 
220 
3,956 
2.067 
220 
4,451 
SIB 
101 
427 
TOTAL FOOD REVENUE 
3477 
13.347 
3538 
086 
1604 
4184 
BEVERAGE REVENUE 
• 
Breakfast 
- 
- 
• 
18,690 
465 
17.717 
Lunch 
163A63 
4,373 
145,833 
164.548 
5.258 
174,345 
Afternoon Tea 
1.022 
- 
1.022 
Oxtails 
- 
31,447 
50206 
29.652 
Dinner 
373,475 
520556 
343620 
478.123 
625.203 
418.635 
50,137 
34.671 
47,369 
TOTAL BEVERAGE REVENUE 
533160 
524.928 
489,453 
643,693 
63081 
592980 
OTHER REVENUE 
Room Hire 
445 
309 
Other Revenue 
3.647 
2.4131 
3.687 
2.691 
51,101 
52252 
48,104 
TOTAL REVENUE 
545,525 
536,573 
497,473 
664066 
647,114 
601055 
% 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Z0)92010 0910JAN 9010vi 0410315AR 
Doe:Sol R 
17/02/2010/ 1239 
EFTA00726643
--- PAGE 29 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Laa Year 
% 
DUKES BAR 
UUNCII 
Actual 
% 
YEAR TO DATE 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
PULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
Woof Trading Days 
306 
306 
306 
365 
365 
365 
Average Covers Pa Day 
I86 
Total NIcuthly Covers 
8289 
1,563 
8,613 
1.917 
0.04 
850 
Food Spend Per Cover 
0.13 
8.53 
0.47 
852 
1624 
250 
Beverage Spend Per Cony 
1924 
290 
19.04 
274 
1628 
11£0 
Total Average Spend 
1927 
1132 
1951 
1126 
DINNER 
No of Trading Days 
306 
306 
306 
365 
365 
365 
110 
Average Covers Tty Day 
114 
100 
115 
101 
1267 
3.406 
2.972 
Total Monthly Covers 
17,009 
34453 
30,614 
24.104 
41.947 
36,730 
027 
• 
Food Spend Per Cover 
012 
0.01 
013 
0J» 
041 
0.12 
17.80 
14.75 
9.% 
Beverage Spend Per Cover 
21.96 
14.96 
1122 
1984 
14% 
II.40 
18.06 
14.75 
10.09 
Total Average Spord 
2249 
14.96 
1125 
1992 
1491 
11.52 
% 
FNANCIAL STATEMENTS 20:9 20I0 • 0910JAN 
v MICE BAR 
Apr 29.1 52 
WW/MO/ 12:19 
EFTA00726644
--- PAGE 30 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
MONTH 
January 2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
ROOM SERVICE 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
ti 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
REVENUE 
9,530 
884% 
10,146 
87.9% 
8,405 88.8% 
Food Revenue 
100,999 915% 
112481 88.0% 
110,404 
870% 
121,769 
90.7% 
133,650 
870% 
130286 88.0% 
1,256 
11.6% 
1,401 111% 
1,062 
11.2% 
Beverage Revenue 
9,352 
85% 
15,423 
120% 
15,329 
112% 
12320 
9.3% 
18,392 112% 
17.803 
12.0% 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
Room Hire 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
Otta..r Revenue 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
• 00% 
14786 100D% 
11,347 1000% 
9,467 1000% 
TOTAL REVENUE 
110,331 1000% 
128,304 10110% 
113,733 100.0% 
IslAss mac 
132,242 100.044 
148609 100.044 
COST OF SALES 
2,721 
21.6% 
4,527 
444% 
2441 31.4% 
Food Cost 
27.275 
27.0% 
51,212 454% 
35,337 
310% 
36,422 
29.9% 
60259 
45.2% 
41,996 32.2% 
374 
290% 
540 
315% 
217 
20.4% 
Beverage Cast 
2.475 
265% 
6,571 424% 
4.362 
285% 
1655 292% 
7,751 
41.7% 
4,929 
27.7% 
- 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
dim Con of Sale. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
3,093 28.7% 
3,067 43.9% 
2.288 30.2% 
TOTAL COST OF SALES 
29,737 27.0% 
37,783 
43.0% 
39499 
31.6% 
40,084 
29.8% 
68,110 447% 
46.925 31.7% 
PAYROLL Is RELATED EXP. 
2.303 
212% 
2,624 
227% 
• 
0.0% 
Labour 
22.719 
20.6% 
23,253 
111% 
• 0.0% 
27,976 
20.8% 
28,509 HO% 
0.0% 
549 
83% 
289 
15% 
• 00% 
Other Payroll Related 
3,796 
3.4% 
2.355 
20% 
• 0.0% 
4.375 
13% 
3,134 
11% 
• 00% 
1071 233% 
2,913 
23.234 
• 0054 
TOTAL PAYROLL 8, RELATED EXP. 
26,513 
24.0%, 
28808 
28.1% 
32330 24.1% 
31413 288% 
• 0.0% 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 20/9 EON 0110IAM N10v/ ROOM SERVICE 
Age10oi 52 
IS/02/2010/ 1919 
EFTA00726645
--- PAGE 31 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 
MONTH 
2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
ROOM SERVICE 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
ti 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Yew 
% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
Contract labour 
- 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
109 
1.0% 
0.4% 
0.0% 
China 
255 
02% 
450 
0.4% 
• 00% 
355 
0.3% 
550 
0.4% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
CLisswair 
- 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.2% 
0.0% 
Sdver 
- 
0.0% 
225 
02% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
275 
0.2% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.1% 
0.0% 
Linen 
- 
0.0% 
135 
OA% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
165 
0.1% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.4% 
0.0% 
Operating Equipment & Supplies 
- 
0.0% 
450 
0.4% 
• 00% 
100 
0.1% 
550 
0.4% 
0.0% 
828 
7.7% 
627 
5.4% 
221 
13% 
Laundry 
6,546 
5.9% 
6,579 
5A% 
2861 
23% 
7,899 
5.9% 
7,925 
52% 
3.335 
13% 
159 
1.5% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
Staff Uniform laundry 
1,164 
1.1% 
- 0.0% 
• 00% 
1,164 
0.9% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.4% 
0.3% 
0.0% 
[leaning Supplies 
0.0% 
270 
02% 
• 00% 
106 
0.1% 
330 
0.2% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
Contract Clewing 
- 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
Flowers & Decoration 
- 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
Music & Entertainment 
- 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
Guest Supplies 
- 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.4% 
0.0% 
Menu & Beverage Use 
522 
OS% 
450 
0.4% 
• 00% 
622 
0.5% 
550 
0.4% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Printing And Stationary 
01% 
- 0.0% 
• 00% 
0.1% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
afice Supplies 
- 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Telecommunications 
- 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Postage& Couriers 
- 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Tranapcnation 
- 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
uniforms 
- 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Entertainment 
- 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Taxi's Home 
- 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Outside Storage 
- 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Pape:Supplies 
- 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Licenses 
- 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Dues & Suscriptiores 
- 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Kitchen Utensils 
- 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Otter Evens... 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Kitchen Fuel 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
- 00% 
. 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
0.0% 
1,140 104% 
852 
78% 
221 
2.3% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
8.620 
7.8% 
6.7% 
2,861 
13% 
10,414 
78% 
10,398 
6.8% 
3.335 
7-3% 
OM 
3/181 32-3% 
1713 23.5% 
(2211 -2.3% 
TOTAL PROFTT/ LOSS 
118611 .23% 
51,640 
38.3% 
41091 2/6% 
413351 .13% 
45.458 
413% 
36,109 
211.1% 
FNANCIAL STATEMENTS ZON 20I0 01I0JAND/I0vi ROOM SERVICE 
Enell 002 
15/02/2010/ 1239 
EFTA00726646
--- PAGE 32 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
Actual 
% 
MONTH 
Budget 
January 2010 
% 
Last Year 
% 
ROOM SERVICE 
Actual 
% 
YEAR TO DATE 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BLOM 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
OPERATING STATISTICS 
2.0 
7-0 
1.8 
Total Employees 
IS 
1.8 
2.0 
1.3 
5.393 
5.774 
5.259 
Sales Per E.mployee 
61,306 
64,152 
78,583 
74.605 
76,121 
111.067 
475 
402 
341 
Covers Per Employm 
4344 
4,882 
4,307 
5.554 
5,791 
5,093 
949 
806 
614 
Taal Covers 
8.179 
9,763 
091 
9,997 
11,582 
7,467 
0.12 
0.06 
China Cost Per Cover 
0.03 
0.06 
0.04 
0.05 
• 
Glassware Cost Per Cover 
• 
• 
- 
0.03 
Silver Cost (*Cover 
0.02 
0.01 
0.02 
• 
0.02 
Linen Cost Per Cover 
0.01 
0.00 
0.01 
0.87 
0.78 
0.36 
Laundry Cost Per Cover 
0.80 
0.67 
0.42 
0.79 
0.68 
0.42 
0.17 
• 
Staff Uniform Laundry Cost Per Cover 
0.14 
• 
0.12 
-
0.05 
0.04 
Cleaning Cat Per Cover 
0.01 
0.03 
0.01 
0.03 
• 
• 
Guest Supplies Cost Pa Cover 
• 
• 
- 
1.20 
1.06 
0.36 
Total Cost Per C.cmcv 
1.06 
0.88 
0.42 
1.04 
0.90 
0.42 
FOOD REVENUE 
5,265 
5,532 
3470 
Breakfast 
59.366 
56,983 
54,318 
69,223 
66,840 
62718 
647 
980 
1.218 
Lunch 
5.215 
10,799 
12,994 
7,449 
13,034 
15)369 
Afternoon To. 
125 
125 
413 
Cocktails 
• 
3,618 
3,614 
2517 
Dinner 
36.418 
44,973 
43049 
45,096 
53,612 
51,016 
9,330 
10,146 
LOS 
TOTAL FOOD REVENUE 
100,999 
111881 
110,404 
121,768 
133,650 
130,2116 
BEVERAGE REVENUE 
321 
Breakfast 
790 
2.305 
790 
2566 
300 
148 
Lunch 
504 
3.319 
2,606 
1,185 
3,997 
2,972 
Afternoon Tea 
- 
Coctails 
- 
1,102 
1,102 
592 
Dinner 
8.054 
11104 
10418 
10,545 
14.395 
12.265 
1,256 
1,401 
1,061 
TOTAL BEVERAGE REVENUE 
9)32 
15,411 
15.329 
11520 
18,592 
17,1103 
OTHER REVENUE 
Room Hire 
Other Revenue 
10,786 
11,5/7 
9,466 
TOTAL REVENUE 
110)31 
yam 
123,733 
134,288 
152242 
146939 
if., 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 20/9 EON MIRIAM 20105/ ROOM SERVICE 
fist 32 ol 
0/02/2010/ 1119 
EFTA00726647
--- PAGE 33 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
MONTH 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDCET 
ROOM SERVICE 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
41. 
Last Year 
41. 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Lan Year 
BREAKFAST 
No of Trading Days 
306 
306 
306 
365 
365 
365 
Average Covers Per Day 
II 
543 
379 
306 
Total Monthly Covers 
5,001 
4,530 
3,260 
5,859 
5,397 
3,559 
9.70 
14.65 
11.99 
Food Spend Per Cover 
11.87 
12.58 
16.66 
11.82 
12.41 
17.23 
0.17 
1.05 
Beverage Spend Per Cover 
OtI6 
• 
Ot7t 
0.13 
• 
0.69 
9.86 
14.65 
13.04 
Total Average Spend 
1103 
12.58 
17.37 
11.95 
12.41 
17.92 
LUNCH 
No of Trading Days 
306 
306 
306 
365 
365 
365 
Average Covers Per Day 
150 
Total Monthly Covers 
444 
1,759 
804 
783 
2,098 
912 
11.76 
6.54 
17.15 
Food Spend Per Cover 
11/4 
614 
1616 
9.52 
6.21 
16.52 
1.16 
2.00 
2.08 
Beverage Spend Per Cover 
1.14 
1.89 
3.24 
1.51 
1.91 
3.26 
12.92 
8.54 
19.24 
Total Average Spend 
12.89 
8.03 
19.40 
11.03 
8.12 
19.78 
DINNER az NIGHTS 
No of Trading Days 
306 
306 
306 
365 
365 
365 
II 
Average Covers Per Day 
II 
II 
351 
275 
237 
Total Monthly Covers 
2.734 
3,474 
2.827 
3257 
4,097 
3.246 
10.31 
13.12 
14.444 
Food Spend Per Cover 
1132 
1195 
15.24 
13A3 
13.10 
15.74 
3.14 
4.00 
2.50 
Beverage Spend Per Cover 
195 
148 
169 
3.14 
3.56 
3.78 
13.45 
17.12 
17.34 
Taal Average Spend 
1627 
16.43 
1893 
1658 
16.66 
19.52 
% 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 20/9 20I0 MIRIAM 20I0 
ROOM SERVICE 
Rage3444/2 
IS/02/3RO/ 1249 
EFTA00726648
--- PAGE 34 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
Actual 
MONTH 
Budget 
January 2010 
% 
Last Year 
% 
MPD 
REVENUE 
Actual 
% 
YEAR TO DATE 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
PULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
% 
Budget 
Last Year 
Sh 
10,680 
48.1% 
9,620 
43.5% 
14,093 
50.0% 
Food Revenue 
144950 515% 
162.276 
462% 
169,910 
48.4% 
182322 
51.0% 
197,618 
46.7% 
194661 48.9% 
5,485 
24.7% 
5,218 
23.7% 
7.462 
26.5% 
Beverage Revenue 
70,758 
248% 
89,595 
73.2% 
84081 24.5% 
89,698 
73.1% 
107535 
25.4% 
95,976 
24.1% 
6,056 
27.3% 
4%0 31.2% 
6435 
23.5% 
Room Hire 
67,790 73.7% 
94661 273% 
95,297 17.1% 
86490 217% 
113,361 
26.8% 
107213 
27.0% 
• 0.0% 
350 
1.6% 
Other Revenue 
• 0.0% 
3,470 
1.0% 
- 0.0% 
750 
0.2% 
4,233 
1.0% 
- 
0.0% 
22,221 1000% 
24107 100.014 
28.209 100.0% 
TOTAL REVENUE 
285,497 100.0% 
351,002 1000% 
151,278 1000% 
357,460 100.0% 
421%4 100.0% 
WOO 1090% 
COST Of SALES 
3319 
211.5% 
2.750 
29.0% 
4,428 
31.4% 
Food Cost 
39,351 268% 
47095 
29.0% 
54,421 310% 
49439 
27.2% 
57343 
29.0% 
62.605 312% 
1,634 
29.8% 
1288 
26.5% 
1534 
20.5% 
Beverage Cost 
18,749 
265% 
23,932 
27.0% 
23,845 
27.7% 
21,769 
263% 
28,951 
26.9% 
26,069 
27.2% 
• 
0.0% 
175 
500% 
Other Cost of Sales 
1,059 
0.0% 
1,735 
50.0% 
• 0.0% 
1433 191.1% 
2,110 
50.0% 
4693 
21.1% 
4,353 19.7% 
5,962 211% 
TOTAL COST OF SALES 
39,199 20.7% 
72,752 
20.7% 
79.266 
22.3% 
74.1111 
20.9% 
84401 20.9% 
8074 21-1% 
PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
10,759 
464% 
10,717 
48.5% 
5391 19.1% 
Labour 
104,510 36.6% 
100,807 
267% 
26,091 
7.4% 
125,969 
351% 
121265 
28.9% 
37260 
9.4% 
894 
4.0% 
1.402 
6.3% 
599 
21% 
Other Payroll Ratted 
8,575 
3.0% 
13,116 
37% 
4,210 
1.2% 
11.382 
3.2% 
15321 16% 
5501 
1.4% 
11,642 
52.4% 
12,119 
561% 
5,989 211% 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
113,086 394% 
113,924 
315% 
30301 
8.6% 
137,330 
38.4% 
138,103 
317% 
42,761 10.7% 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ZON 20TO INIOIAN 9010 x/ MELTING & PRIVATE DINING 
Ns. ol 2 
IVOR/3RO/ 1119 
EFTA00726649
--- PAGE 35 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 
MONTH 
2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
PULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
MPD 
Actual 
ti 
Budget 
ti 
Last Year 
ti 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Attila 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
OPERATING MENSES 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
DAM 
Contract Labour 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
OA% 
0.3% 
DAM 
011112 
137 
0.0% 
675 
02% 
• 00% 
287 
OA% 
825 
0.2% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
DAM 
Glassware 
118 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
118 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
OA% 
DAM 
Silver 
• 0.0% 
284 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
147 
OA% 
• 0.0% 
100 
0.5% 
DAM 
Operating Equipment & Supplies 
• 0.0% 
900 
03% 
• 0.0% 
200 
OA% 
1,100 
0.3% 
• 0.0% 
OA% 
OD% 
Linen 
100 
0.0% 
236 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
152 
0.0% 
289 
OA% 
693 
3.1% 
182 
0.8% 
530 
1.9% 
Laundry 
4,832 
1.7% 
2429 
OS% 
6,867 
10% 
5,432 
1.5% 
3109 
0.7% 
8.003 
2.0% 
140 
0.6% 
158 
0.7% 
DA% 
Staff Uniform Laundry 
751 
03% 
1490 
0.4% 
267 
OA% 
1,067 
0.3% 
1.206 
0.4% 
376 
0.1% 
SO 
0.4% 
OA% 
0.11% 
0eamns Supplies 
0.0% 
225 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
130 
00% 
275 
OA% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
Contract Cleaning 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
S7 
03% 
Flowers & Dccoratton 
508 
0.2% 
• 0.0% 
867 
0.2% 
XS 
OA% 
• 00% 
1,040 
0.3% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
animus Des-oration 
1,148 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
1,148 
00% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Music & Emeruinment 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
• 00% 
• 00% 
284 
1.3% 
163 
0.7% 
- 
0.0% 
Coen Supplies 
2,602 
0.9% 
2.234 
02% 
00% 
3,113 
0.9% 
2.846 
0.7% 
• 0.0% 
100 
0.5% 
• 
0.0% 
htenu & Beverage Lau 
0.0% 
900 
03% 
00% 
200 
OA% 
1,100 
0.3% 
OA% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Prinum And Stationary 
650 
02% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
650 
0.2% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
OA% 
• 
00% 
Office Supplies 
0.0% 
225 
01% 
0.0% 
00% 
275 
0.1% 
• 00% 
0.2% 
• 
0.0% 
Telecommumcatimrs 
0.0% 
450 
al% 
0.0% 
100 
0.0% 
550 
0.1% 
• 00% 
0.3% 
• 
OD% 
Postapp& Couriers 
0.0% 
300 
al% 
0.0% 
120 
0.0% 
420 
0.1% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
• 
00% 
Travel & Entertainment 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
- 
00% 
Uniforms 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 
00% 
Entertainment 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 00% 
- 
00% 
Taxes Horne 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
- 
0.0% 
Outside Storage 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 00% 
0.2% 
- 
00% 
Paper Supplies 
0.0% 
708 
02% 
0.0% 
175 
0.0% 
883 
0.2% 
• 00% 
• 00% 
- 
00% 
Licenses 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
- 
00% 
Dues & Suscriptiora 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
- 
00% 
Equipment / Rerun • Kitchen 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
- 
00% 
Other FATSCS 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
00% 
- 
00% 
Kitchen Fuel 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
. 
00% 
. 
00% 
MPD Commissions 
634 
02% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
634 
0.2% 
. 
00% 
1,213 
5.6% 
1/00 
4.716 
638 
23% 
TOTAL OPERATING MENSES 
11,598 
4.1% 
11,176 
12% 
3301 
13% 
14,186 
4.0% 
13,764 
3.3% 
9,419 
24% 
4663 
21.0% 
4386 20.7% 
1300 553% 
TOTAL PROFIT/ LOSS 
101,623 
35.6% 
133,151 416% 
234,710 
66.8% 
131,083 
36.7% 
162406 13.2% 
137,015 61.6% 
F0tANCIAL STATEMENTS MN 20I0 ONOIAN 30105/ WAIN° & PRIVATE DINING 
766.1%4 32 
13/02/2010/ ILI, 
EFTA00726650
--- PAGE 36 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
Actual 
Ili 
MONTH 
Budget 
January 2010 
ti 
Last Year 
% 
MPD 
Actual 
% 
YEAR TO DATE 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
PULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
OPERATING STATISTICS 
7.0 
7.0 
2.0 
Total Employees 
7.0 
4.8 
7.0 
1.7 
3.174 
3.154 
14,105 
Saks Per Employee 
59,479 
50,143 
234.185 
74.471 
60,423 
234,722 
228 
Covers Per Employs? 
1,060 
757 
3.671 
1.328 
927 
3,859 
441 
390 
456 
Total Covers 
5,185 
5.296 
5,507 
4375 
4486 
6,432 
0.02 
0.20 
ClInA Cost Per Cover 
0.03 
0.0 
0.05 
0.13 
0.00 
- 
Glassware Cost Per Cover 
0.02 
- 
0.02 
-
0.08 
Silver Cost Per Cover 
- 
0.06 
0.01 
0.05 
0.07 
Linen Cost Per Omer 
0.02 
0.04 
0.02 
NIA 
1.20 
0.48 
1.16 
LauudA• Cost Per Cover 
0.93 
046 
1.25 
0.85 
047 
1.24 
0.24 
0.42 
0.09 
Staff Uniform Laundry Cost Ftr Cover 
0.14 
021 
0.05 
0.17 
028 
0.06 
0.14 
0.07 
Cleaning Cost Per Cover 
0.02 
0.04 
0.02 
0.04 
0.49 
0.43 
Guest Supplies Cost Per Cover 
030 
0.44 
0.49 
0.44 
2.12 
2.76 
144 
Total Coo Per Cover 
124 
III 
1.45 
2.23 
2.12 
1.46 
FOOD REVENUE 
1,163 
364 
Breakfast 
16,941 
2.066 
7137 
14941 
2.064 
12.068 
4X3 
3.680 
5.605 
Lunch 
63200 
49414 
75,752 
76,000 
72.244 
84078 
sss 
410 
Afternoon Tea 
3,821 
5,707 
4,420 
5,273 
7,160 
5236 
• 
Cocktails 
4,727 
5,400 
8876 
Dinner 
62,939 
81,201 
81845 
81,469 
99481 
90,924 
10480 
9,628 
14,093 
TOTAL FOOD REVENUE 
146,940 
148,416 
169154 
179,682 
181,148 
191,303 
BEVERAGE REVENUE 
216 
324 
Breakfast 
3,226 
564 
1,995 
3226 
501 
2.224 
1,407 
1553 
1,969 
Lunch 
21,599 
26049 
21193 
24999 
19,489 
24,846 
• 
Afternoon Tea 
• 
Cocktals 
3,862 
3,375 
5,179 
°w. . 
43;933 
50271 
62.303 
56,933 
61271 
68,906 
3483 
4,924 
7,482 
TOTAL BEVERAGE REVENUE 
70238 
74,864 
86,081 
87,158 
91,264 
93,976 
OTHER REVENUE 
6,056 
6,900 
4.6.15 
Room Hire 
67,790 
96,661 
95,287 
$4490 
113561 
lozz3 
Other Revenue 
22221 
21,4/7 
28209 
TOTAL REVENUE 
713,497 
319,942 
330,922 
351,330 
383,974 
397,314 
% 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ZON 20TO . (TINIAN 9010x/ MUTING & PRIVATE DINING 
Awl. el r. 
1S/02/D10/ 1419 
EFTA00726651
--- PAGE 37 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
Actual 
ti 
MONTH 
Budget 
January 2010 
ti 
Last Year 
MPD 
% 
Actual 
% 
BREAKFAST 
YEAR TO DATE 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
PULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
No attach:1g Days 
306 
306 
306 
365 
365 
365 
Average Covers Per Day 
114 
Total Monthly Covers 
949 
119 
857 
949 
119 
3096 
10.20 
330 
Food Speed Per Corer 
1765 
17.34 
8.79 
17.85 
17.14 
1101 
1.89 
412 
Beverage Spend Per Cover 
3.40 
424 
2.21 
340 
4.24 
2.03 
12.09 
861 
Total Aver age Spend 
21.25 
21.58 
11.01 
21.25 
21.58 
1104 
LUNCH 
No et Trading Days 
306 
306 
306 
365 
365 
365 
Average Coven Per Day 
156 
115 
181 
Total Monthly Coven 
1,962 
1,874 
2.135 
2.362 
2.274 
2350 
27.13 
32.00 
30.97 
Food Spend Per Cover 
3221 
31.72 
35.48 
32.18 
31.77 
33.76 
9.02 
1330 
10.88 
Beverage Spend Per Cover 
11.01 
1185 
10.25 
1143 
12.97 
9.74 
36.15 
4530 
41.85 
Total Ay
 Spend 
4122 
44.57 
45.73 
43.61 
44.74 
4330 
AFTERNOON TEA 
Nod Trading Days 
306 
306 
306 
365 
365 
365 
Average Coven Per Day 
167 
130 
Total Monthly Covers 
641 
1,310 
991 
1,660 
3.14 
4.15 
Food Spend Per Cover 
196 
436 
5.32 
431 
- 
Beverage Spend Per Cover 
• 
3.34 
4.15 
Total Avers 
Spend 
196 
436 
5.32 
4.31 
DINNER 
Nod Trading Days 
306 
306 
306 
365 
365 
365 
Averapp Coven Per Day 
S 
144 
135 
194 
Total Monthly Coven 
1,633 
1,993 
2.315 
2.073 
2,411 
2.786 
32.82 
40.00 
41.63 
Food Spend Per Cover 
38.57 
40.74 
32.54 
39.30 
40.97 
32.64 
26.82 
25.00 
26.70 
Beverage Spend Per Cover 
2113 
23.22 
24.77 
27.46 
25.18 
2473 
59.64 
65.00 
6932 
Total Average Spend 
66.70 
65.97 
57.32 
66.76 
66.15 
5737 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2039 20TO (TINIAN ENO le/ MELTING & PRIVATE DINING 
Page 7/ ol R 
15/02/2010/ 1L19 
EFTA00726652
--- PAGE 38 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
MONTH 
January 2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
PULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
PRIVATE BAR 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
REVENUE 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Fond Bemuse 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
2,043 100.0% 
UM MO% 
1.151 100.0% 
&wrap Revenue. 
24,712 100.0% 
23287 1000% 
20,991 NOS% 
23,993 NOS% 
27.628 NOS% 
24.441 100.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 00% 
Other Revenue 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
2.043 100.0% 
IASI 
0A% 
1,481 
0.0% 
TOTAL REVENUE 
2012 
0.0% 
Z1,337 
0.0% 
20,991 
0.0% 
23,933 
0.0% 
27,628 
00% 
261,411 
00% 
COST Of SALES 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
Food Cost 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
624 
306% 
• 00% 
379 
205% 
Beverage Cost 
6441 26.9% 
• 0.0% 
5,945 
28.3% 
6441 229% 
• 00% 
6223 
27.5% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
Other Cost of Sales 
. 
00% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
624 306% 
• 00% 
374 20.94 
TOTAL COST OF SALES 
6,611 
26.9% 
3,913 
23.3% 
6,611 21-9% 
• 0.0% 
6.7151 279% 
1.419 
69.414 
1284 100.0% 
1,471 79.94 
TOTAL PROFIT/LOSS 
18,071 711% 
23,157 HOS% 
13,046 
71.7% 
22242 
77.1% 
27423 100.0% 
17.714 
72911 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ZON 20I0 MISIAN 2010 v MINISAR 
PageSSM R 
IS/02/3110/ 1419 
EFTA00726653
--- PAGE 39 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 
MONTH 
2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
MAIN KITCHEN 
Actual 
3/4
Budget 
% 
Lau Year 
'alai 
MO 
Budget 
ti 
Last Year 
ti 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
21,177 45.6% 
21,052 
40.1% 
19,776 38.1% 
Labour 
189,245 30.1% 
205173 31.2% 
703218 32.9% 
211,475 30.5% 
247,400 
31-5% 
246492 
33.9% 
2.512 
4.9% 
2468 
5.1% 
2,553 
4.9% 
Other Payroll Related 
21,300 
14% 
25407 
19% 
24,944 
4.0% 
26444 
3.5% 
31,150 
4.0% 
30.941 
4.2% 
33,689 304% 
nso 
45.1% 
22329 434% 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
210,546 333% 
MAIO 35.2% 
=362 37.0% 
258,119 310% 
278353 332% 
277,533 382% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
0.0% 
• 
00% 
Contract Labour 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 043% 
0.0% 
• 
00% 
China 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
00% 
Glassware 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Silver 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
00% 
1.1nm 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
00% 
Laundry 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
277 
0.5% 
276 
0.5% 
243 
05% 
Staff Uniform Laundry 
2146 
OS% 
2247 
0.4% 
2.406 
OA% 
3193 
0.4% 
3,299 
0.4% 
3,151 
0.4% 
303 
0.6% 
215 
0.4% 
164 
03% 
Ckunmg Supplies 
2.341 
04% 
3460 
06% 
2835 
05% 
3511 
05% 
4,630 
06% 
3,210 
04% 
0.0% 
• 
NI% 
Contract Cleaning 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
NI% 
FIONV1X & Decoration 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
NI% 
Musac & Faertamment 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
NI% 
Guest Supplies 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
NI% 
Menu & Beverage Last 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.1% 
0.0% 
• 
NI% 
Printing And Stanonny 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
01% 
• 
NI% 
TeloccunmumcatIons 
• 0.0% 
270 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
130 
00% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
• 
NI% 
Postays& Coursers 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
• 
NI% 
Transportation 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
• 
NI% 
Undomu 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
• 
NI% 
Entertamment 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
• 
NI% 
Taxi's Home 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
• 
NI% 
Outside Storage 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
100 
02% 
• 
NI% 
Paper Supplies 
• 00% 
900 
01% 
0.0% 
700 
0.0% 
1,100 
0.1% 
00% 
00% 
• 
00% 
Uralic% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
00% 
00% 
• 
00% 
Dues & Suratpuons 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
00% 
700 
0.4% 
• On 
Kitchen Us& & Equipment 
378 
01% 
1800 
03% 
621 
01% 
778 
01% 
2,200 
0.3% 
649 
0.1% 
00% 
- 0.0% 
Other Expemes 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 00% 
00% 
Kitchen Fuel 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 
OA% 
647 
1.3% 
841 
1.6% 
407 
08% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
3068 
09% 
9177 14% 
6)362 
1.0% 
8/60 
1.1% 
11359 13% 
7,009 
10% 
24336 31.9% 
24,591 46.7% 
*735 431% 
TOTAL OVERHEADS 
214414 
311.1% 
7610157 36.6% 
211.224 380% 
266,169 33.r. 
290,113 36.9% 
284,343 39.2% 
119 
133 
111 
HEADCOUNT 
127 
133 
130 
127 
13-1 
17-8 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 20/9 2010 . 0910JAN 300 v IOTCHEN 
Age 390152 
15/02/2010/ 1219 
EFTA00726654
--- PAGE 40 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
MO. NI II 
YEAR TO DATE 
PULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDCET 
TELEPHONE 
Actual 
% 
Rudgel 
1,6 
la.1 1 Cil 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
List Year 
% 
Aetna! 
% 
Budget 
% 
Lat Year 
REVENUE 
834 1000% 
1278 100.0% 
762 
533% 
Local & Long.Dastance Call Revenue 
12,010 763% 
15.553 78.6% 
16,573 517% 
14,507 80.0% 
18,451 813% 
19,019 52,6% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
',locus On Demand 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
• 00% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
667 
46.7% 
Internet Rnx.nue 
3,724 Z:7% 
4,239 21.4% 
14891 47.3% 
3224 200% 
4239 18.7% 
17.161 474% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 
0.0% 
Commatton, 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 00% 
631 190.0% 
1.276 1000% 
1,429 1000% 
TOTAL REVENUE 
13,733 1000% 
19,792 1000% 
11.464 190.0% 
KIM MM. 
22490 10001/4
3600 100.0% 
COST OF SALES 
- 00% 
- 00% 
42.351) -164.5% 
Internet Cams 
16,618 1056% 
1.595 
8.1% 
16,26 515% 
14.618 892% 
1,995 
AA 
16.769 46.3% 
610 
733% 
256 200% 
206 
144% 
Telephone Cost Of Saks 
7,395 470% 
3,343 16.9% 
7,671 24.4% 
7,974 422% 
3,923 173% 
14.463 40.0% 
- 00% 
- 00% 
- 00% 
Administration Coln 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
610 733% 
2% 20.0% 
12,14.% 4301% 
TOTAL COST OF SALES 
24,013 152.6% 
4,938 24.9% 
24,496 77.9% 
±4,592 MO% 
3513 243% 
31,231 842% 
PAYROLL & RELATED EV. 
OAA 
0.0% 
. 
00% 
Labour 
. 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 00% 
- 
0.0% 
00% 
. 00% 
. 
00% 
Payroll Related 
. 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 00% 
- 
0.0% 
Opts 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
222 261% 
1,075 80.0% 
3,574 ISM% 
TOTAL PROFIT/ LOSS 
18280) •52.616 
14,854 75.1% 
6,968 22.1% 
(3,961) .320% 
17,172 75.7% 
4,919 13.7% 
HEADCOUNT 
FlNANCIALSTATEMENTS 5092010.09101N9 2010v / TELEPHONE 
Ass JOol D2 
15/10./1010/ 1219 
EFTA00726655
--- PAGE 41 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
MONTH 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
LAUNDRY/VALET 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
4% 
Antral 
% 
Budget 
ti 
LaM Year 
ti 
Actual 
Budget 
Last `kw 
REVENUE 
301 
8.9% 
3,1% 100.0% 
2.268 100.0% 
Laundry / Valet. Interna/ 
4003 ILI% 
24314 ICiatr. 
41,427 100.0% 
11,049 
25.6% 
43,390 100.0% 
46,680 100.0% 
3..086 91.1% 
I 
^. 
0.0% 
Laundry / Vakt. External 
82..176 
8&9% 
0.0% 
- 
0.0% 
32,176 
74.4% 
- 0.0% 
I 
^. 
• 
0.0% 
Laundry / Valet - Pressing 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 
0.0% 
- 
0.0% 
3.Me/ 100.0% 
3,108 1000% 
2,268 100.0% 
TOTAL REVENUE 
56.,178 1000% 
36314 100.0% 
41,427 100.0% 
43.223 100.0% 
4.1.390 100.0% 
46,680 100.0% 
COST Of SALES 
2.6% 
- 0.0% 
Laundry / Valet. Internal 
1,019 
2.6% 
• 
0.0% 
1019 
2.4% 
- 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
4015 118.5% 
2.298 90.0% 
1,909 862% 
Laundry / Valet External 
28,284 
7&2% 
33.290 91.6% 
34.357 82.9% 
34,626 80.1% 
39,631 91.3% 
38.625 
S2 S% 
4,102 121.1% 
2..799 90.0% 
1,909 842% 
TOTAL COST OF SALES 
29,303 81.0% 
33.290 91.6% 
34367 tratio 
34626 80.1% 
39,632 91-9% 
38,628 32.9% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
• Oh% 
- 00% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 
0.0*. 
(7151 41.1% 
SIf 10.0% 
360 15" 
TOTAL PROFIT/LOSS 
6.$73 19.0% 
3.863 
BASS 
1,070 17.1% I
8399 19.9% 
2.238 
82% 
8,051 172% 
FNANCIAL STATEMEMIS 20,92010 • 0910JAN3,10 v LAUNDRY k VALET 
nige.11 *JR 
15/02/2010/ 1219 
EFTA00726656
--- PAGE 42 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
MONTH 
January 2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
HEALTH CLUB tc SPA 
Actual 
% 
Bridget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Litt Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
REVENUE 
1,009 292% 
2,697 914% 
2214 
66.3% 
Spa Treatments 
11343 293% 
29,950 572% 
25.400 69.6% 
18.620 
36.0% 
37.228 
57.0% 
30,407 67.6% 
202 
5.9% 
546 
10.6% 
577 
17.3% 
Spa Retail Beauty Products 
5,473 14.0% 
6,162 118% 
3.923 
10.7% 
6,950 
134% 
7.688 
11.8% 
4,564 
10.1% 
1,066 31A% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.3% 
Spa ?damage 
14,074 363% 
- 0.3% 
14.074 
27.2% 
. 
0.0% 
- 
0.0% 
1,076 312% 
203 390% 
547 
164% 
I loalth Club Membership Res 
7,195 186% 
16,265 311% 
7.190 
19.7% 
11,362 
22.0% 
20.431 313% 
10,046 22.2% 
12% 
0.0% 
- 0.3% 
health Club Sessions 
693 
1.8% 
- 0.3% 
. 
0.0% 
693 
1.3% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.3% 
Other Revenue 
• 0.0% 
- 0.3% 
. 
0.0% 
- 
0.0% 
3393 M00% 
5.146 1000% 
3,339 1010% 
TOTAL REVENUE 
38229 1000% 
31377 100A% 
36,513 100.0% 
51,699 100.0% 
65,347 1010% 
44,976 1000% 
COST OP SALES 
2A% 
458 
8.6% 
839 
25.1% 
Spa Treatments 
314 
OS% 
4,715 
90% 
5.409 
14.8% 
1.551 
3.0% 
5,952 
9.1% 
6,456 144% 
207 
61% 
311 
5.8% 
- 00% 
Spa Retail Beauty Products 
4.577 11.8% 
3,163 
60% 
. 
0.0% 
5.416 
10.5% 
4.003 
6.1% 
- 0.0% 
14% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
Health Club Odur 
327 
0.8% 
- 00% 
. 
0.0% 
327 
0.6% 
. 
0.0% 
33414 9.9% 
770 14414 
839 23.1% 
TOTAL COST OP SALES 
5,218 113% 
7378 110% 
5,409 14.8% 
7,295 
14.1% 
9,955 131% 
6456 14.4% 
PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
2,769 81.6% 
2,911 54.5% 
3.2£6 1155% 
Labour 
28,490 734% 
26.891 552% 
38.771 106.2% 
34317 
664% 
34718 531% 
45.658 1013% 
449 132% 
296 
5.5% 
360 
10.8% 
Other Payroll Related 
3,486 
9DY 
2.921 
54% 
3.587 
9.8% 
4,079 
7.9% 
3,514 
5.4% I 
4331 
9.6% 
3,218 54.4% 
3207 60A% 
4216 126-1% 
TOTAL PAYROLL lc RELATED EXP. 
31,976 112.6% 
31,813 60.7% 
42.355 116.0% 
38.396 
74.3% 
38,233 SSA% 
49,989 111.1% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
MY 
0.8% 
12% 
Stall Uniform Laundry 
418 
1.1% 
433 
0.8% 
416 
1.1% 
501 
1.0% 
519 
0.8% 
506 
1.1% 
2.8% 
243 
44% 
- 00% 
Laundry 
512 
14% 
2222 
42% 
1,142 
2.2% 
2.812 
4.3% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
04% 
- 00% 
ClcunmgSupettet 
0.1% 
180 
03% 
0.1% 
220 
0.3% 
0.0% 
(65) -1.9% 
0.9% 
- 00% 
Operating Supplies 
02% 
450 
0.9% 
162 
0.3% 
550 
0.8% 
0.0% 
0.9% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Flowers & Decoration 
362 
0.9% 
- 00% 
362 
0.7% 
0.0% 
(49) .4.4% 
326 
6.1% 
0.0% 
Commision On Saks 
3,033 
7.8% 
3.316 
63% 
3,914 
7.6% 
4.196 
64% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Guest Supplies 
0.1% 
- 00% 
0.1% 
0.0% 
02% 
04% 
0.0% 
Printmg Arid Stationary 
Z 
0.1% 
180 
03% 
0.1% 
220 
0.3% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.2% 
0.0% 
Telocornmulucatioeu 
• 0.0% 
02% 
0.0% 
110 
0.2% 
0.0% 
2A% 
1.0% 
(5O) .17% 
Licenses 
845 
22% 
545 
10% 
333 
0.9% 
948 
1.8% 
648 
1.0% 
333 
0.7% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- OA% 
Dues re Suscnptions 
• 0.0% 
- 00% 
- 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 00% 
Other antrum 
727 
1.9% 
00% 
727 
14% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
I16% 
764 14.3% 
(49) •15% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
6.106 SS% 
7,410 14.2% 
749 
1-1% 
7,966 133% 
9,300 141% 
838 1.9% 
(179) 4.3% 
6(.6 112% 
(4667) .49.9% 
TOTAL PROFIT/LOSS 
(4.372) •118% 
3,246 10.0% 
(12.03)) .319% 
(1934) .3.8% 
7,860 120% 
(W07) •5.4% 
1.7 
HEADCOUNT 
1.4 
1.8 
2-1 
IS 
1.8 
2.1 
FlNANCIALSTATEMEN1520097.010.09101AN 2010v/ HEALTH CLUB 
Ne4Zol12 
15/02/2010/ 1219 
EFTA00726657
--- PAGE 43 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
MONTH 
January 2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
OTHER OPERATING DEP. 
Actual 
Budget 
el 
Lau Year 
% 
AMA 
% 
Budget 
V. 
Lau Year 
% 
Meta 
Budget 
% 
Lag Year 
% 
380 
9.5% 
1.1% 
03% 
Newspapers 
1,624 
43% 
572 
1.0% 
41S 
1.1% 
1.739 
34% 
687 
1.1% 
558 
1.0% 
• 
0.0% 
. 
00% 
Parking Revenue 
• 00% 
• 
00% 
403 
1.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
403 
0:7% 
. cum 
Conceelcas 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 00% 
. 
0.0% 
Carllie 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• OA% 
. 
0.0% 
Other Sales Concierge 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• OA% 
1.300 40.2% 
1766 39.9% 
1,776 310% 
In.11ouse Movies 
18489 483% 
21.317 
39.9% 
20.027 514% 
22,492 
46.7% 
25,321 
39.1% 
13,662 435% 
. 
0.0% 
Cash Dlsceunts 
. 
00% 
• 
0O% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
. 
0.0% 
Interest Income 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
731 
22.6% 
697 170% 
Fromm Currency ExchangeC.4ln 
9,567 251% 
• 
0.0% 
1241 
4.5% 
9$67 19.9% 
- 0.0% 
3,292 
6.1% 
S92 
27.6% 
2407 58.9% 
2,119 513% 
Other Income 
8,438 22I% 
32097 60.0% 
16.375 42.0% 
14.348 
29.8% 
30807 59.9% 
26,412 
484% 
. 
0.0% 
Tobacco 
• 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
3710 100.0% 
4,421 1000% 
4,114 100.0% 
TOTAL REVENUE 
38.118 1000% 
S4,S 100.0% 
34965 1000% 
4046 100.0% 
6014 1020% 
54287 100.0% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
3t:rs 
9.5% 
1.0% 
. 
00% 
Nceepaper 
3,299 
8.6% 
500 
0.9% 
0.0% 
3.392 
70% 
603 
0.9% 
0.0% 
• 
00% 
0.0% 
. 
NI% 
Tobacco 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
00% 
0.0% 
. 
NI% 
Conceasion 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
00% 
0.0% 
. 
NI% 
Car Ilse 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
00% 
0.0% 
. 
00% 
Concierge Other 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.1% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
Ind louse Movies 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
Pal bag 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
00% 
0.4% 
1,9% 44.2% 
317 
7.7% 
Other 
1287 
14% 
21.999 39.1% 
6781 174% 
5.720 
11.9% 
25,832 39.9% 
11,265 202% 
320 
9.9% 
2001 45.2% 
317 ?i% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
4,611 12-1% 
21399 400% 
an 17.4% 
9,147 19.0% 
26.433 401% 
11,263 20.7% 
2,910 90.1% 
2,szt 34.8% 
3.797 97-3% 
TOTAL PROFIT/ LOSS 
33306 87.9% 
3087 60.0% 
32,103 WA% 
*999 810% 
3080 39.2% 
43.092 703% 
FINANCIAL STATE003J1S 20,9 20I0 .0910JAN NIOvi OTIER INCOME 
Age 43.1 52 
0/0212010/ 1119 
EFTA00726658
--- PAGE 44 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
MONTH 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
ADMINISTRATION SUMMARY 
Actual 
9. 
Budget 
Last year 
4% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
Budget 
Last Year 
% 
PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
9,118 
1.8% 
9249 
1.9% 
9,470 
2.0% 
Ftnance 
86334 
2.3% 
104843 
1.6% 
115)07 
1.8% 
106.061 
14% 
210,373 
1.6% 
126740 
12% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Purchasing 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Savnly 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
15241 
3.0% 
7.230 
1.5% 
9)07 
2.0% 
F.+.8:uuve Office 
103,955 
16% 
74538 
2.2% 
65365 
10% 
119,432 
1.6% 
91015 
1.2% 
89,874 
12% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Infomution Technolosce 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
3,173 
16% 
3,126 
16% 
(646) .0.1% 
I luman Resources 
32,039 
05% 
30483 
05% 
36167 
0.6% 
38296 
0.5% 
36940 
0.5% 
38.820 
0.5% 
27.332 
5.3% 
20141 11% 
18,122 
3.9% 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
222327 
15% 
208,063 
1244 
215,039 
3.4% 
263292 
33% 
249,372 
31% 
235,434 
38% 
2060438 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
15375 
3.0% 
14,139 
2.8% 
19,670 
4.2% 
finance 
196,013 
31% 
169366 
16% 
221481 
3.2% 
228.1» 
3.0% 
201,492 
2.6% 
109,013 
23% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
Purchasing 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
&runty 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
(2,002) 44% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
Extxubve Office 
6,929 
0.1% 
• 
0.0% 
200 
0.0% 
6.929 
0.1% 
- 0.0% 
245 
OA% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
Infomu0on Technology 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
5853 
1.0% 
5518 
1.1% 
3,126 
0.7% 
Human Resources 
76,159 
1.2% 
39416 
0.6% 
43.391 
0.7% 
81496 
1.1% 
45.153 
0.6% 
48.857 
07% 
28.427 
3.6% 
19457 
3.9% 
22,817 
4.9% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
279,101 
4.3% 
201.982 
3.3% 
244/474 
3.914 
316.764 
241644 
32% 
238,114 
33% 
TOTAL OVERHEADS 
24,493 
4.8% 
21.888 
4.8% 
29,142 
6.3% 
Panance 
291347 
4,4% 
r0.2:13 
4.2% 
315,986 
5.0% 
334.203 
44% 
321,864 
4.2% 
3.35,752 
45% 
- 0.0% 
Puncluung 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
&runty 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
152» 
2.6% 
7230 
1.5% 
9,378 
2.0% 
Extxubve Office 
110)94 
17% 
76)38 
2.2% 
63)65 
10% 
126361 
1.7% 
92.015 
1.2% 
90,229 
12% 
- 0.0% 
Information Tedvutoff 
• 
0.0% 
• 40% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 011% 
8.226 
1.6% 
8,644 
1.7% 
2,480 
0.5% 
Human Resources 
109,198 
1.7% 
70.299 
LI% 
79)60 
1.3% 
119,992 
1.6% 
82,092 
1.1% 
8.7,677 
1.2% 
41959 
8.914 
40861 
8.0% 
40,949 
89% 
TOTAL ADMIN. OVERHEADS 
501429 
7.8% 
417845 
6.5% 
439,123 
7.3% 
580.553 
7.6% 
495,972 6" 
513,549 
69% 
u 
HEADCOUNT 
S.5 
FNANCIAL STATE...EMS 20,9 20I0 • 0910JAN 3,10 v ADMIN iGENERIJ.S.MMARY 
nise40d52 
15/02/2010/ 1119 
EFTA00726659
--- PAGE 45 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
Actual 
3/4
MONTH 
Budget 
January 
% 
2010 
Last Year 
EXECUTIVEOFFICE 
PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
Actual 
% 
YEAR TO DATE 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
FULL 
YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
Budget 
Last Year 
% 
13.872 
2.7% 
6,452 
1.3% 
6.730 
1.3% 
labour 
24.532 
1.4% 
63.709 
1.0% 
43,932 
0.7% 
101,419 
1.3% 
76.616 
1.0% 
67,136 
0.9% 
1369 
0.3% 
1278 
0.3% 
3.057 
0.7% 
Other Para Related 
15,423 
02% 
12.229 
0.2% 
19363 
0.3% 
17,923 
0.2% 
153119 
0.2% 
72.732 
03% 
13,211 
3.0% 
7,730 
13% 
9,307 
20% 
TOTAL PAYROLL 
RELATED DM 
103,933 
1.6% 
76.536 
11% 
63363 
1.0% 
1194.
1.6% 
92.013 
12% 
89074 
12% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- Oil% 
Contract Labour 
• 0.0% 
•
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
• 0.3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Staff Laundry 
299 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
299 
00% 
0.0% 
245 
0,3% 
(2,739) .0.5% 
00% 
0.0% 
Professional Fos 
710 
00% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
710 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Magazines Suseriptions 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Donation 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Legal Fees 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Consultancy Fees 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Travel . Subsistence 
367 
00% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
367 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Confererees 
• 00% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Minting And Stanomuy 
1,129 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
1,128 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Office Supplies 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Telcrommunwations 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
381 
0.1% 
00% 
- 0.0% 
Potato& Couriers 
543 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
SB 
00% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Transportation 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
185 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Entertainment 
1471 
00% 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
1,671 
00% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Taxes Horne 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Licenses 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Dues & Suscriptions 
779 
00% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
779 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Association Memberships 
235 
00% 
• 00% 
• 00% 
213 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Other Noma 
277 
00% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
277 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 0,3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Losses/Damages 
875 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
875 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
(2.0021 .0.4% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
6.929 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
103 
00% 
6,919 
0.1% 
00% 
243 
CA% 
13239 
7-6% 
7,730 
13% 
9328 
2.031 
TOTAL OVERHEADS 
110894 
1.714 
74339 
1.2% 
63.365 
1.0% 
126361 
1.114 
92.013 
12% 
90,119 
1.2% 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
I HEADCOUNT 
1.2 
IA 
IS 
1.2 
1.0 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ZON2010 • 0910JAN SOW / MaTIVEOFFICE 
nocOot R 
0/02/2010/ 12419 
EFTA00726660
--- PAGE 46 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 
MONTH 
2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
FINANCE 
Actual 
Budget 
Last Year 
MIMI 
IA 
Budget 
ti 
Lam Year 
ti 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Lail Year 
4% 
PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
.2E.3 
8,4E 
1.7% 
7.989 
1.7% 
Labour 
77,724 
1.2% 
ES403 
14% 
&'411 
1.4% 
94,732 
1.2% 
105.610 
1.4% 
111.727 
1.5% 
566 
0.2% 
1.261 
0.3% 
1.481 
0.3% 
Other Payroll Related 
8,09 
0.1% 
12240 
0.2% 
248,5 
0.4% 
11333 
0.1% 
14.763 
0.2% 
15.013 
0.2% 
9,116 
LS% 
9,749 
1.931 
9,470 
2.0% 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
86.334 
1.3% 
103,6/3 
1.6,11. 
113307 
1.8% 
106364 
1.4% 
120,373 
1.6% 
126,740 
1.7% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
0.0% 
0.0% 
00% 
Staff Laundry 
705 
0.0% 
982 
0.0% 
609 
0.11% 
503 
0.0% I
1,180 
0.11% 
763 
00% 
12,114 
2.4% 
9,775 
1.9% 
10.636 
2.3% 
Credit Card COTTANOrit 
143,673 
22% 
126,019 
2-0% 
109,694 
1.7% 
167,071 
2.2% 
149,417 
2.0% 
131,2118 
1.8% 
1,226 
0.2% 
4e5 
0.1% 
1.423 
03% 
Profm.aonal Fees 
16,145 
0.3% 
5,161 
0.1% 
15201 
0.2% 
17,115 
0.2% 
6,131 
0.1% 
17,717 
02% 
717 
0.1% 
637 
0.1% 
Legal Ras 
• 
00% 
7,053 
0.1% 
6.037 
0.1% 
1,434 
0.11% 
8.487 
DA% 
10,930 
01% 
917 
0.2% 
823 
0.2% 
2.617 
0.6% 
Audit Fees 
20386 
03% 
7.217 
0.1% 
22835 
0.4% 
2" (Al 03% 
8,884 
0.1% 
23,400 
03% 
0.0% 
ZO 
0.0% 
1.461 
0.3% 
Barb: Claws 
3,967 
0.1% 
2460 
00% 
4201 
0.1% 
4,467 
0.1% 
3.160 
0.0% 
5,057 
0.1% 
- 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Bad Debt Provtuon 
0.0% 
• 
00% 
() 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
(27..1991 OA% 
301 
0.1% 
• 
0.0% 
Travel • Sul:sista& 
0.0% 
3.3C6 
0.1% 
. 
0.0% 
625 
0.0% 
3,905 
0.1% 
• 00% 
518 
0.1% 
501 
0.1% 
569 
0.1% 
Minaret And Stanonaay 
1,819 
0.0% 
4488 
0.1% 
8,106 
0.1% 
2.819 
0.0% 
5,688 
0.1% 
9,203 
01% 
• 
00% 
• 
Office Supplies 
1,267 
0.0% 
. 
00% 
. 
0.0% 
1.267 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
201 
00% 
• 
DAM 
Computer Expenses 
0.0% 
2100 
00% 
657 
0.0% 
426 
0.0% 
2.400 
0.0% 
1.220 
00% 
250 
0.0% 
201 
00% 
924 
02% 
TekrommunwatIons 
3,652 
0.1% 
2.233 
00% 
5,644 
0.1% 
4(62 
0.1% 
3,233 
0.0% 
6.661 
0.1% 
150 
00% 
450 
01% 
Pagattp& Courser. 
1.353 
00% 
1.350 
00% 
2.379 
0.0% 
1453 
0.0% 
1.650 
0.0% 
3,937 
0.1% 
200 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
Transportanon 
536 
0.0% 
1,803 
00% 
. 
0.0% 
936 
0.0% 
2.200 
0.0% 
151 
0.0% 
• 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
Outside Swage 
1.337 
0.0% 
• 
00% 
1.361 
0.0% 
1.337 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
1,838 
0.0% 
0.0% 
SO 
0.0% 
SO 
0.0% 
Licenses 
379 
0.0% 
800 
0.0% 
sis 
0.0% 
539 
0.0% 
960 
0.0% 
822 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Dues & Suscrtpuons 
00% 
675 
0.0% 
1,938 
0.0% 
150 
0.0% 
0.0% 
2,598 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
617 
0.1% 
Rem & Service °large 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
18.168 
0.3% 
• 
0.0% 
18,168 
0.2% 
250 
0.0% 
166 
0.0% 
Other Experde. 
694 
0.0% 
2.597 
0.0% 
3,063 
0.0% 
1,184 
0.0% 
3,097 
0.0% 
2.886 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Lows/Damage 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 00% 
13373 
3.0% 
14,139 
7166 
19370 
4.1% 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
194013 
3.1% 
169,166 
2.6% 
200,461 
3.2% 
223,139 
30% 
201,492 
2.6% 
209.013 
28% 
734,493 
4.1134 
733388 
4.8% 
29341 
6.3% 
TOTAL OVERHEADS 
MAC 
4.4% 
270,203 
4.2% 
313,988 
5.0% 
331.203 
43% 
321364 
42% 
333332 
43% 
HEADCOUNT 
3.2 
3.2 
3-2 
3.2 
FINANCIAL STA-MMES./1S 31,•• 20I0 n1101AN 
v / FINANCE 
Rge 460IR 
15/02/300/ 1119 
EFTA00726661
--- PAGE 47 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 
MONTH 
2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
HUMAN RESOURCES 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Lag Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Lag Year 
% 
PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
2245 
0.6% 
2.615 
0.5% 
(978; .02% 
Labour 
25,914 
0.4% 
3,83 
0.4% 
11,973 
0.6% 
31,150 
0.4% 
31.061 
0.4% 
36979 
03% 
2,11 
0.1% 
510 
0.1% 
332 
I% 
Other Payroll Related 
6,125 
0.1% 
4448 
0.1% 
1,194 
00% 
7,146 
0.1% 
5.879 
0.1% 
1.841 
0.0% 
3,173 
0.6% 
3,126 
0.6% 
(646) .0.1% 
TOTAL PAYROLL & RELATED EXP. 
32,019 
03% 
34113 
03% 
34167 
09/. 
382% 
03% 
36.940 
03% 
38,8W 
OS% 
HUMAN RESOURCES EXPENSES 
0.0% 
125 
00% 
• 
OD% 
Employm Awards 
289 
0.0% 
1,13 
0.0% 
• 00% 
539 
00% 
1.375 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
Oa% 
Service Awards 
• 
0.0% 
1.500 
0.0% 
• 00% 
500 
00% 
2.000 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
00% 
Employee Events 
697 
0.0% 
1,950 
0.0% 
• 00% 
1297 
00% 
2,550 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
150 
00% 
0.0% 
Social Activities 
• 0.0% 
1.350 
0.0% 
00% 
300 
00% 
1.650 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
0.0% 
Employs? Benefits 
4.296 
0.1% 
5050 
0.1% 
4,456 
0.1% 
4296 
0.1% 
5350 
0.1% 
4,456 
0.1% 
• 00% 
• 
OD% 
Recruitment • Agency Fee 
37,240 
0.6% 
350 
0.0% 
9,739 
0.2% 
37,240 
0.5% 
350 
0.0% 
10.439 
0.1% 
750 
00% 
1,175 
0.3% 
Recruitment • Adverttimg 
150 
0.0% 
750 
0.0% 
5.511 
0.1% 
150 
00% 
750 
0.0% 
6.302 
0.1% 
0.0% 
150 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
Recruitment • Others 
• 
0.0% 
1250 
0.0% 
573 
0.0% 
300 
00% 
1,650 
0.0% 
662 
0.0% 
278 
0.1% 
M 
00% 
• 
OD% 
Recruitment • 1Vebsites 
832 
0.0% 
1474 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
1,
0.0% 
2.024 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 00% 
• 
OD% 
Recruitment Work Pemuts 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
1218 
0.3% 
3250 
0.7% 
531 
0.1% 
Training 
10,538 
0.2% 
11,628 
0.2% 
13,757 
0.2% 
11218 
0.1% 
12.371 
0.2% 
14.940 
02% 
0.0% 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
Staff Gifts / Flowers 
676 
0.0% 
225 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
7% 
0.0% 
275 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
0.0% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
Contract Labour 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
713 
00% 
0.0% 
Laundry 
186 
0.0% 
198 
0.0% 
00% 
235 
00% 
218 
0.0% 
OA% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
atoning Supplies 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
Contract Cleaning 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
blaganrirs Suscriptions 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
00% 
0.0% 
110 
0.0% 
- OA% 
1,900 
0.4% 
150 
00% 
0.0% 
Legal Eau 
1,900 
0.0% 
1,710 
0.0% 
00% 
zzo 
0.0% 
2,090 
0.0% 
- OA% 
51.2 
0.1% 
528 
0.1% 
0.0% 
Payroll Processing 
5,871 
0.1% 
5,274 
0.1% 
261 
00% 
6..927 
0.1% 
6231 
0.1% 
261 
OA% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
Consultants fres 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
Travel -Subsistence 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
Conferences 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
Flowers & Decoration 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Guest Supplies 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
130 
0.0% 
150 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Printing And Station.uy 
322 
0.0% 
1.350 
0.0% 
0.0% 
622 
00% 
1.680 
0.0% 
- OA% 
(60) 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Office Supplies 
Z 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
00% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Tekrornmunications 
• 0.0% 
225 
0.0% 
0.0% 
00% 
275 
0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Rutage & Couners 
0.0% 
450 
0.0% 
0.0% 
109 
00% 
550 
0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Uniforms 
4,659 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
4459 
01% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Entertainment 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
00% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
456 
0.1% 
250 
00% 
1.299 
0.3% 
Taxi's Home & Transportation 
8267 
OA% 
3,116 
0.0% 
8.980 
0.1% 
8.267 
0.1% 
3.616 
0.0% 
11,640 
0.2% 
Outside Storage 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
00% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
Dues & Suscriptions 
. 
0.0% 
180 
0.0% 
0.0% 
00% 
220 
0.0% 
• 00% 
3a3 10% 
8318 
1.1% 
3,126 
0.7% 
TOTAL HR & OPERATING EXPENSES 
76,159 
1.2%
45,153 
39,616 
0.6% 
43.393 
0.1% 
814% 
I.1% 
0.6% 
48,857 
0.7% 
8,226 
1.6% 
Bµ3 
1.7% 
2,480 
0.5% 
TOTAL OVERHEADS 
108,198 
1.7% 
74299 
1.1% 
79260 
1.3%
82,092 
119,992 
1.6% 
1.1% 
87477 
1.2% 
0.8 
OS 
1.0 
HEADCOUNT 
OA 
0.8 
0.1 
Olt 
0.8 
FNANCIAL STATEMENTS 20)92010 • 0910JAN3)10 v 
Mgt*? oi 
15/02/2010/ 12419 
HUMANRECCURCES 
EFTA00726662
--- PAGE 48 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 
MONTH 
2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
SALES & MARKETING 
Aetna! 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
Sh 
ARM 
% 
Budget 
41. 
Last Year 
% 
Aetna) 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Reams Advertuang 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
139 
00% 
- 0.0% 
Food And Beverage Advertising 
1,435 
0.0% 
1.392 
0.0% 
1213 
0.0% 
1,670 
0.0% 
0.0% 
00% 
- 0.0% 
I lculth Club Advertising 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
6276 
0.1% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
6376 
0.1% 
2.268 
0.4% 
00% 
- 0.0% 
Advertising • Pant 
6.516 
OA% 
0.0% 
(3,927) .0.1% 
4533 
01% 
106 
0.0% 
(415) 0.0% 
2.268 
0344 
248 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
TOTAL ADVERTISING PRINT 
7,951 
0.1% 
1,479 
00% 
2419 
0.0% 
8,216 
01% 
1.775 
0.0% 
5,861 
0.1% 
541 
0.1% 
274 
01% 
Room& Advertning • Online 
• 
0.0% 
5,413 
0.1% 
3,722 
OA% 
103 
0.0% 
4495 
01% 
3,722 
0.1% 
6m 
01% 
313 
0.1% 
2,474 
0.5% 
F&B Advertisarg /Online 
6,489 
0.1% 
3,125 
0.0% 
10,958 
02% 
7,113 
01% 
3,750 
0.0% 
13,453 
0.2% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
I lealth Club Advernung / Onlme 
• 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
%I 0.1% 
625 
0.1% 
165 
0.0% 
Website/ Marketing 
4636 
0.1% 
6251 01% 
1.704 
00% 
7887 
01% 
7.5% 
0.1% 
5,530 
0.1% 
1,123 
0.2% 
1,479 
0.3% 
2,913 
0.6% 
TOTAL INTERNET MARKETING 
13,124 
02% 
14.792 
0.2% 
14323 
03% 
1603 02% 
17,750 
0.2% 
12206 
03% 
106 
00% 
242 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
Assonabon Memberships 
6,959 
01% 
1415 
0.0% 
7,441 
0.1% 
2..8% 
0.0% 
4,111 
08% 
4275 
0.9% 
1,5% 
03% 
Agency Fees 
45,401 
0.7% 
47247 
0.7% 
69,992 
1.1% 
54,831 
0.7% 
54696 
0.7% 
80,789 
1.1% 
694 
01% 
600 
01% 
Entertainment/Press bps 
(378) 00% 
4942 
OA% 
11,941 
02% 
1,011 
0.0% 
8,330 
01% 
14.309 
0.2% 
• 00% 
. 
00% 
Mailings 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
00% 
. 
00% 
Photography 
1,878 
00% 
582 
0.0% 
1,994 
0.0% 
6% 
0.0% 
• 00% 
. 
00% 
PR Travel) 
• 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
171 
00% 
309 
01% 
. 
00% 
PR Travel 2 
906 
0.0% 
3,093 
0.0% 
1220 
00% 
1.524 
0.0% 
3,711 
0.0% 
1.220 
0.0% 
• 00% 
. 
00% 
Entertainment . DM Stu% 
392 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
392 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
00% 
. 
0.0% 
PR . Other 
• 
00% 
350 
0.0% 
0.0% 
420 
0.0% 
4287 
09% 
4063 
1.2% 
2395 
OS% 
TOTAL PUBLIC RELATIONS 
55,158 
09% 
6029 
09% 
83353 
13% 
67,23 
0.9% 
72253 
1.0% 
96317 
13% 
3857 
07% 
2464 
05% 
4876 
1.0% 
Nlarkehng Fees • LBW 
29,571 
0.4% 
24639 
0.4% 
22.312 
0.4% 
33.898 
04% 
31,966 
04% 
28096 
04% 
237 on 
1309 
OA% 
. 
0.0% 
Brochures / Collateral 
11,272 
0.2% 
19,896 
03% 
. 
00% 
15,199 
0.2% 
23,863 
0.3% 
• 00% 
. 
0.0% 
In Haase Designs / Display 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
00% 
- 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
2,438 
05% 
00% 
. 
0.0% 
Rerearch/Cornultancy 
2,663 
0.0% 
773 
0.0% 
. 
00% 
2.818 
0.0% 
927 
0.0% 
1874 
04% 
. 
0.0% 
Travel Including Trade Shows 
7,859 
0.1% 
18,739 
03% 
674 
00% 
11,606 
0.2% 
21487 
03% 
2,004 
0.0% 
1510 
03% 
477 
01% 
. 
0.0% 
F.ntertamment • Sales 
16,254 
0.3% 
4,770 
01% 
. 
00% 
172% 
0.2% 
5,724 
01% 
179 
00% 
. 
0.0% 
Promotion • Corporate Gifts 
750 
00% 
1,789 
0.0% 
. 
00% 
1,103 
00% 
2,146 
00% 
561 
01% 
417 
01% 
1,479 
0.3% 
Promotion lln Room) 
6,203 
0.1% 
4,167 
01% 
30039 
05% 
7,037 
01% 
5000 
01% 
38,740 
0.5% 
9203 
10% 
7,676 
1.5% 
1.4% 
TOTAL DIRECT SALES EXPENSES 
73,321 
1.1% 
74761 1.2% 
53.076 
08% 
essn 1.2% 
92.113 
12% 
69,640 
OS% 
15.095 
2.9% 
14879 
3.0% 
18,450 
4.0% 
Contractlabour 
157,514 
15% 
150,011 
13% 
207,413 
3.3% 
187372 
2.5% 
179,768 
2,4% 
250,433 
34% 
384 
01% 
933 
0.2% 
2,699 
0.6% 
Dues & Suseriptions 
5,654 
0.1% 
9333 
OA% 
10236 
0.2% 
7$20 
0.1% 
11,199 
01% 
16371 
0.2% 
167 
0.0% 
1.023 
02% 
Other Experoes 
140 
0.0% 
1,667 
0.0% 
1251 
0.0% 
473 
0.0% 
1000 
00% 
1.510 
0.0% 
140 
00% 
- 
0.0% 
S&M Training 
140 
0.0% 
. 
00% 
. 
0.0% 
140 
0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
1,016 
02% 
197 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
Direct Mail 
6,924 
0.1% 
1,973 
0.0% 
6,423 
0.1% 
7.318 
0.1% 
2.367 
0.0% 
2253 
0.1% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
Conferences 
• 
00% 
845 
0.0% 
191 
0.0% 
169 
0.0% 
1,014 
0.0% 
191 
0.0% 
16435 
31% 
16260 
22% 
21.181 4.8% 
TOTAL OTHER EXPENSES 
170,740 
7-7% 
163827 
2.6% 
226070 
16% 
20304 
27% 
194348 
2.6% 
2/7458 
3.7% 
334% 
6.5% 
31,626 
6.3% 
33443 
72% 
TOTAL S&M OVERHEADS 
320,493 
5.0% 
317,487 
4.954 
381322 
60% 
393,746 
10% 
380,739 
3.0% 
471,%1 
6.1% 
FINANCIAL STAIEMINTS 19»10:0 .09I0 IAN 1110 v SALES/. MARKETING 
Pogs. 48 al 52 
15/0211,10 / 12 19 
EFTA00726663
--- PAGE 49 ---
Dukes Hotel 
Actual 
Limited 
% 
MONTH 
Budget 
January 
% 
2010 
Last Year 
% 
UTILITIES 
Actual 
% 
YEAR TO DATE 
Budget 
ti 
Last Year 
ti 
Actual 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
4114 
1.2% 
5740 
1.1% 
7,984 
1.7% 
swim* 
nm 1.0% 
nm 1.1% 
67,052 
1.1% 
aam 1.1% 
84793 
1.1% 
78578 
1.1% 
3.011 
0.6% 
2.612 
0.5% 
5.513 
1.2% 
Gas 
31,660 
DS% 
nm an 
mom o% 
37,912 0.5% 
41.649 
0.5% 
14215 05% 
1290 
0.3% 
1.696 
0.4% 
367 
0.1% 
man 
asto m% 
mm an 
nm an 
lum 0.4% 
24522 
0.3% 
13247 
02% 
11,146 
22% 
10,119 
IC% 
1.1565 10% 
TOTAL OVERHEADS 
127,798 
2.0% 
MIN 
10% 
111196 
1.B% 
152,332 
10% 
152= 
10% 
126.019 
1.7% 
FNANCIAL STATEMEN1S20:92010 • 0910JAN3)10 v 4TILITIES 
rage.94)02 
0/02/3110/ 12419 
EFTA00726664
--- PAGE 50 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 
MONTH 
2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACM/Al/BUDGET 
REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
PAYROLL & RELATED IMP. 
6,840 
13% 
8.439 
1.7% 
7,173 
1.5% 
Labour 
79,171 12% 
82435 
13% 
81.056 
1.3% 
96078 
1.3% 
99440 
13% 
97220 
13% 
754 
0.1% 
1.105 
0.2% 
851 
0.2% 
Other Payroll Related 
9,023 
0.1% 
10,759 
02% 
9.685 
0.2% 
11.246 
0.1% 
12,972 
02% 
11,626 
02% 
7,993 
13% 
9,541 1.9% 
8,024 
1.7% 
TOTAL PAYROLL &RELATED EXP. 
SUM 1.4% 
93,691 1.5% 
98241 IA% 
107315 
1.4% 
112412 13% 
108,846 
13% 
REPAIRS & MAINTENANCE DIP. 
350 
01% 
340 
0.1% 
0.0% 
Contract -Air Conditioning & I Mating 
3)88 
01% 
3,397 
0.1% 
1.112 
0.0% 
4,467 
0.1% 
1,990 
0.0% 
592 
01% 
355 
0.1% 
1.113 
02% 
Contract. Refrigeration 
4,194 
0.1% 
3,320 
0.1% 
4,800 
0.1% 
4,904 
0.1% 
iii 
6,499 
0.1% 
- 0.0% 
417 
0.1% 
2.292 
0.5% 
Contract • KltaKil Equipment 
1.250 
0.0% 
4378 
0.1% 
2.917 
0.0% 
2,083 
0.0%
2,917 
5,211
4: 6
0.0% 
1,7114 
03% 
355 
0.1% 
. 
0.0% 
Contract. laundry 
7,152 
01% 
3,791 
0.1% 
3,946 
0.1% 
7,862 
0.1% 
4511 
0. 
1% 
6,500 
01% 
- 0.0% 
117 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
Contract. Water Treatment 
• 00% 
1,167 
0.0% 
1,003 
0.0% 
233 
0.0% 
MOO 
0.0% 
1,003 
0.0% 
823 
02% 
981 
0.2% 
691 
0,4% 
Contract -Telephone System 
7.501 
0.1% 
9,135 
01% 
5,825 
0.1% 
9,463 
0.1% 
11,097 
0.1% 
7,011 
01% 
1,804 
0.4% 
1.708 
0.3% 
980 
02% 
Contract -Internet 
11,865 
0.2% 
12.536 
02% 
3,531 
0.1% 
15,781 
0.2% 
15,952 
02% 
1233 
01% 
1,595 
03% 
1.595 
0.3% 
f1.5%) -0.3% 
Contract- IT Support 
15,950 
0.2% 
15,950 
02% 
14,355 
0.2% 
19,140 
0.3% 
19,140 
03% 
17,545 
02% 
118 
0.0% 
103 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Contract. Software 
1,472 
00% 
996 
0.0% 
1,650 
0.0% 
1,67€ 
0.0% 
1,192 
0.0% 
1,650 
0.0% 
2,915 
0.6% 
1.431 
0.3% 
1.805 
0,4% 
Contract- IT Soft & I lardware Maintenance 
27,080 
0.4% 
15,367 
02% 
10044 
0.2% 
29,9.42 
0.4% 
18229 
02% 
13,195 
02% 
320 
0.1% 
309 
0.1% 
309 
0.1% 
Contract • Intruder/ Fire ALUM 
3,151 00% 
3,093 
0.0% 
3,703 
0.1% 
3,772 
0.0% 
3.712 
0.0% 
1322 
01% 
0/3% 
191 
0.0% 
119 
0.1% 
Contract -Elevators 
1,496 
0.0% 
1,835 
0.0% 
2.633 
0.0% 
1,877 
0.0% 
2.216 
0.0% 
4,874 
01% 
246 
0.0% 
431 
0.1% 
4,01 
02% 
Contract -Pest Control 
2163 
0.0% 
1,126 
01% 
3,063 
0.0% 
3,375 
0.0% 
4,988 
0.1% 
3,556 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Contract- Wage Removal 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
612 
0.1% 
204 
0.0% 
(27) 
0.0% 
Contract- I Ranh & Safety 
8371 
01% 
2.190 
0.0% 
2.266 
0.0% 
3,779 
0.0% 
2.598 
0.0% 
1,777 
01% 
- 0.0% 
512 
0.1% 
512 
0.1% 
Contract • Flonneal Compbaree 
00% 
4,609 
01% 
5,121 
0.1% 
1,024 
0.0% 
5.6.14 
0.1% 
6,146 
01% 
1,929 
0.4% 
• 
1.922 
0.4% 
7,607 
. 
1,6% 
Contract • Q
nga TV Maintenance 
21.384 
03% 
19215 
03% 
13419 
02% 
• 
25.212 
0.3% 
• 
03% 
• 
18240 
02% 
432) 0.0% 
2.000 
0.4% 
1,707 
0.6% 
Building Maintenance 
739 
00% 
18403 
03% 
21.847 
0.3% 
ik 
t% 
22,000 
al% 
22490 
03%
2,127 
0.4% 
1.250 
0.2% 
• 
0,0% 
Air Condiboning And Heating 
10,974 
02% 
11.283 
02% 
877 
0.0% 
13,474 an 
13753 
02% 
1,677 
0.0% 
0.0% 
250 
0.0% 
• 
0,0% 
Rangeration 
646 
00% 
2.250 
0.0% 
• 00% 
1,146 
0.0% 
2.750 
OS% 
• 0.0% 
717 
0.1% 
800 
0.2% 
800 
0.2% 
Plumbing And EVAC 
8498 
01% 
7399 
01% 
11.193 
02% 
9,6911 
0.1% 
8,999 
0.1% 
12310 
02% 
812 
02% 
600 
0.1% 
1,185 
0.3% 
Electrical 
5,297 
0.1% 
5,400 
01% 
13.156 
02% 
4497 
0.1% 
4600 0.1: 
17,656 
02% 
415 
0.1% 
300 
0.1% 
(435) .0.1% 
Painting And Decorating 
4603 
0.1% 
2,700 
0.0% 
25,287 
0.4% 
7,203 
0.1% 
35,120 
05% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Fire Equipment 
• 00% 
450 
0.0% 
• 00% 
0.0% 
550 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Pest Control 
941 
0.0% 
450 
0.0% 
• 00% 
1,041 
0.0% 
550 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
500 
0.1% 
213 
0.0% 
Enginemeng Supplies 
7.351 
0.1% 
9,043 
01% 
5,025 
0.1% 
8351 
0.1% 
10.043 QM 
4218 
01% 
(54) 0.0% 
350 
0.1% 
. 
0.0% 
Light Bulbs 
540 
0.0% 
3,150 
0.0% 
339 
0.0% 
1.240 
0.0% 
108 
0.1% 
339 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
250 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Floor Coverings 
2459 
00% 
2,068 
0.0% 
370 
0.0% 
2709 
0.0% 
% 
370 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Leelm & Keys / Slimage 
1.556 
00% 
450 
0.0% 
3,305 
0.1% 
1,656 
0.0% 
550 
0.0% 
3,127 
01% 
• 0.0% 
550 
0.1% 
• 
0.0% 
Soh Furnishings 
3108 
00% 
4950 
01% 
- 0.0% 
4138 
OA% 
6/60 
0. 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
417 
0.1% 
2501 0.5% 
Equipment Rental 
2.773 
0.0% 
3,757 
01% 
29.014 
05% 
3.6011 
0.0% 
01%
1%
35,785 
05% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
Emergency Lightmg 
00% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
- 0.0% 
. 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
200 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
Equipmmt / Repair • Furniture 
315 
00% 
1,803 
0.0% 
9,664 
0.2% 
715 
0.0% 
2200 
0.0% 
11)07 
02% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
Equipmmt / Repair • Laundry 
0.0% 
675 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
150 
0.0% 
825 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
• 
0.0% 
Equipment / Repair • Italth Club 
1.
0.0% 
675 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
1,378 
0.0% 
825 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Equipment / RepainfeMainten Office 
0.0% 
450 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
100 
0.0% 
550 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Equipment / Repair • Others 
8531 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
974 
0.0% 
3,531 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
1443 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
landscaping 
2.687 
0.0% 
a 
01% 
• 0.0% 
2687 
0.0% 
4100 
0.1% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
250 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Water Treatment 
619 
0.0% 
200 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
1,119 
0.0% 
7,7511 
QO% 
• 0.0% 
1,774 
03% 
1,375 
0.3% 
1,80€ 
0.4% 
Waste Removal 
16843 
03% 
13,900 
02% 
16.655 
0.3% 
19,593 
0.3% 
14650 
02% 
19,453 
03% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Window Drapes 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
. 
0.0% 
• 
0.0% 
Swimming Pool And Chemicals 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
192 
0.1% 
300 
0.1% 
II3 
0.0% 
Equipment / Repair • Kitchen 
1.263 
0.0% 
3,100 
0.0% 
4,873 
0.1% 
1,863 
0.0% 
3.700 
0.0% 
1,990 
01% 
OTHER EXPENSES 
• 0.0% 
0.0% 
Contract LII:our 
• 00% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Laundry 
909 
00% 
982 
0.0% 
774 
0.0% 
1,107 
0.0% 
1,180 
0.0% 
951 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
0.0% 
Punting And Stabonaly 
• 00% 
450 
0.0% 
0.0% 
550 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
• 0.0% 
00% 
0.0% 
Telecommunication& 
. 00% 
2:5 
0.0% 
0.0% 
275 
0.0% 
- 0.0% 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 20092010 .09101AN 20101/ REPAIRS. MAINIENAME 
rage 50 oll2 
15/02/2010/ 1219 
EFTA00726665
--- PAGE 51 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 
MONTH 
2010 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUM/BUEICET 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Lail Year 
S‘ 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
% 
Last Year 
% 
• 00% 
100 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Other Expenses 
32$ 
0.0% 
900 
0.0% 
0.0% 
52S 
0.0% 
1,100 
0.0% 
. 0.0% 
19,700 
12% 
28,996 
4.2% 
23,797 
5.1% 
TOTAL R&M EXPENSES 
194239 
3.0% 
206.052 
32% 
223,569 
33% 
232,580 
3.0% 
247,77/ 
3.3% 
1'79,190 
3.8% 
27,293 
SS% 
30,529 
6.1% 
31,820 
6.9% 
TOTAL OVERHEADS 
279,061 
4.3% 
299,747 
4.7% 
314,310 sou 
139,903 
4.5% 
360285 
4.7% 
398,036 
S.2% 
4.0 
4.2 
4.0 
HEADCOUNT 
4.0 
4.2 
3.9 
4.0 
4.2 
3.9 
FlNANCIALSTATEMEN1520092010.09101AN 2010v / REPAIRS. MAINMANCE 
nue71.172 
15/02/2010i 1219 
EFTA00726666
--- PAGE 52 ---
Dukes Hotel Limited 
January 2010 
MONTH 
YEAR TO DATE 
FULL YEAR ACTUAL/BUDGET 
FIXED COSTS 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
Last lent 
% 
Actual 
% 
Budget 
Last Year 
111. 
Actual 
Budget 
Last Ycut 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
Equipment Rental 
. 
0.0% 
• 0.0% 
- 0.0% 
- 0A% 
10.295 
2.0% 
10.015 
2.0% 
9,299 
2.0% 
Management Fee. Base Fee 
128,591 
10% 
128.298 
10% 
126477 
20% 
154599 
2.0% 
152,296 
2.0% 
152,639 
2.1% 
11897 
2.3% 
11250 
2.3% 
9,295 
2.0% 
Management Fee. Incentive Fee 
206,892 
12% 
205.555 
13% 
152013 
3.1% 
212282 
3.2% 
111,414 
32% 
206.211 
28% 
1,162 
0.2% 
3,456 
0.7% 
0.0% 
Rent 
17,743 
0.3% 
32.866 
0S% 
24,656 
0.3% 
39,779 
0.5% 
- OA% 
2,413 
0.5% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
Serene Charges 
7,913 
RI% 
• 
0.0% 
7,913 
0.1% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
750 
0.1% 
- 0.0% 
0.0% 
la.ed Equipment 
626.9 
RI% 
• 
0.0% 
6268 
0.1% 
- 0.0% 
- OA% 
37,141 
7.2% 
25145 
4.6% 
21967 
4.9% 
Crown Estate Rent 
211476 
18% 
7,2...487
16% 
229,667 
34% 
291,167 
3.8% 
178.942 
3.7% 
275,050 
3.7% 
3.6.596 
20.552 
4.0% 
20160 
4.0% 
18.595 
4.0% 
EV&E Plenum 
257,141 
4.0% 
4.0% 
249581 
3.9% 
305,138 
4.0% 
304291 
4.0% 
- OA% 
592 
0.1% 
- 0.0% 
4,852 
1.0% 
Owners Expenses 
41,136 
0.6% 
• 0.0% 
34941 
0.0% 
41,136 
0.5% 
- 0.0% 
51,106 
02% 
322.42 
6.3% 
3228 64% 
30,165 
6.5% 
Property Taxes 
326,778 
St% 
322578 
50% 
30747E 
4.9% 
391293 
5.1% 
387,093 
5.1% 
363,456 
4.9% 
1257 
04% 
5,194 
1.0% 
(3,926) .0.8% 
Insurances 
18,392 
0.3% 
51,940 
0.8% 
13,427 
0.2% 
28.280 
04% 
62.328 
0.8% 
17,155 
0.2% 
8.4,750 
16.5% 
79,620 15.9% 
86,356 184% 
Loan Intmest 
838,806 at% 
785,924 
12-3% 
860.605 134% 
9;0241 13.0% 
937,459 12.3% 
1,047,580 14.1% 
16.275 
3.3% 
17,167 
34% 
34,600 
74% 
Depend...on 
167,750 
16% 
171175 17% 
314200 
5.5% 
202033 
2.6% 
205,608 
2.7% 
201291 
22% 
MIS CS% 
202366 404% 
MHO an% 
TOTAL OVERHEADS 
Z2CS90 33.2% 
2,194413 34.1% 
2.361,4881 37.844 
2,684646 33285 
24V S61 SUR 
~ST 
a 
FINANCIAL STATEMEMISII09 2010 • 0910JAN SOW v FIXED CHARGE'S 
Age /2 ol R 
13/02/2010/ 1119 
EFTA00726667

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726668.pdf
----------------------------------------
Federal Bureau of Investigation - Privacy Waiver and Certification of Identity 
Page 1 of 1 
COM0010. SIM and meh (WOW sigeolute modem 
US. Daparonent ofJusdce 
Federal Bureau ofIniresfigation 
Privacy Waiver and Certification of Identity 
Fla Nem Jeffrey 
E. Epstein 
name uses' 
CunzetAddrest  
358 R1 Ari 1 to Way. Palm Beach, FL 33480 
osioreirer  1/70/1951  Ptoei EWE  Ki rigs County, New York 
soda soapily Meeker Oneonta  ncm-44 -114R 
(ombnd. Not eseeseyonnyloymerie. et. which may Neil the FM biota the requested Inhandlon) 
I hereby mine Mifflin to ply, end I euthertte the Fano age ee any and ell Intonation Meting to me it 
(Nam., othlass a phone of names. or ohm designee) 
Park P 
Under pinata it 
al nue it USW WOK 
re0undn0 et otnear0 on, mcedre) 
nol mete than $SA00. 
Strinelksce: 
http://foia.fbi.gov/waiver.htm 
1000, a
 02116 - 617 227 3700 
abed atom and underytend owl an fahfeetion el the otelommapolehoMe mat the 
reel mere men $11:4000 of by Imeatemeent el AN Me Ikea hes yam. et WC end thal 
under the proddonotl relax U.S.C. Secien 552e (0(31ea a nesdonteener end by a ano el 
1/4
Dab: 
12/29/2009 
EFTA00726668
--- PAGE 2 ---
Federal Bureau of Investigation - Privacy Waiver and Certification of Identity 
Page 1 of I 
Complete. elan, end mall (original bonatue needed) 
U.S. Department of Justice 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Privacy Waiver and Certification of Identity 
Full Nome:  Jeffrey E. Epstein 
eases used: 
Current Address: 
Date of BM 
Place el BUM: 
Soda) seaway Number (optimal): 
(Optional. odor addressee. employments. elt, veldt may swat the COI in locating the niqueSted Inernallon) 
hereby waive my right to prIvacy, and I authorize the FBI to release any end all Infomtellon relating la ma to: 
(Name, address a phone of attorney or other designee) 
—M
-errt- i-n—G —terertirlyerrrt 
Park Plempa  Suite 
1_910)24. Boston, MA 02116 - 617 227 3700 
under pasty or p•dury. natty a 
I am the parson det1.
and uredmstend mat any fatuneabon of (Its Statement Is punishable under me 
PrVASIOAS of TWo IS. Untied Sams Codtt (U.S.C.). Seam loot by a Ina Of not more than 510.O00 or by irredsormerd of not mom bun five years. or both: and that 
rocwasuap or obtaining any recordist ander false pretense* It punishable mar the provisions el TM S. U.S C.. Section 552a (1)(3) as d MiSICITICIMOl and by a fine of 
not mere than $5,020. 
5k:tuba° 
Dale: 
http://foia.fbi.gov/waiver.hun 
12/29/2009 
EFTA00726669
--- PAGE 3 ---
Federal Bureau of Investigation - Privacy Waiver and Certification of Identity 
Page 1 of 1 
Conialeie. sign. ad mat (coDnal sarature needed) 
U.S. Department of Justice 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Privacy Waiver and Certification of Identity 
Full Name. 
Atlases used  
Current Address  
Data el Binh 
Place of BMA 
Scrod Securely Number (option:0h' 
(Optional: Nor addresses. employments. at. wheli may assist the FBI In Iccaiing the requested InIcenation) 
I hereby waive my right to privacy: and 1 authorize the FBI to release n ny end all Information relating to me to: 
(Narne: address 8 phone of attorney or other designee) 
Under penally of pc/May.1 heratry declare that I am the person described above and omen-nand that any falificelion of Um statement is punishable under No 
;novo:owe ca Toile la. IMMO Stales Cede (U S.C.). Section 1001 by a fine of not more than 510.000 of by Irrprlsonment °Snot more than five yea's. Cr bah: and that 
requesting Or Oblaiikig any record(s) under false defenses is panishaale under the prinetiontr d Bee S. U.S C.. Section S520 (ice) as a TiSdellIllanOf and by a Frio of 
not mato than 5.000 
Signature: 
Date  
http://foia.fbi.gov/waiver.htm 
12/29/2009 
EFTA00726670

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726671.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726671.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Washington, D.C. 20535 
April 27, 2010 
MR. MARTIN G. WEINBERG. P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
SUITE 1000 
PARK PLAZA 
BOSTON , MA 02116 
Request No: 1142669-000 
Subject: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
Dear Mr. Weinberg: 
The purpose of this letter is to advise you of the status of your pending Freedom of 
Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA) request at the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). Currently the 
FBI is searching for, retrieving, scanning, and evaluating files that may be responsive to your request. 
Many factors may contribute to the time required to process your request; however, the greatest single 
factor is the number of documents associated with your request. 
Once your files have been evaluated as potentially responsive, your request will be 
forwarded to the "perfected backlog", where your request will wait for assignment to an analyst. 
You may inquire as to the status of your request by calling the FBI's FOIPA Public 
Information Center at 540-868-4593. 
Sincerely yours, 
Section Chief, 
Record/Information Dissemination Section 
Records Management Division 
EFTA00726671

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726672.pdf
----------------------------------------
Proposed Footnote to letter to 
FN — That Jane Doe 101 did not meet the threshold requirements for the imposition of the 
waiver of liability portion of par 8 of the NPA is demonstrated by the filings of Jane Doe II in 09-
80469-CIV-Marra, a federal lawsuit filed in March, 2009 seeking "exclusively 2255" damages 
while Jane Doe II already had a pending separate state court suit filed in July of 2008 seeking 
damages against Epstein for sexual assault and conspiracy. Jane Doe H in her federal complaint 
alleged Epstein could "not contest liability for claims brought exclusively pursuant to 18 
U.S.C.§2255". In her response to Epstein's Motion to Dismiss in which Epstein challenged the 
"exclusivity" claim, she argued to Judge Marra at page 7, that "Epstein appeared to be violating the 
agreement . . . [NPA]". However, her attorney then withdrew that claim at the June 12, 2009 
hearing (and in her subsequent Amended Response) agreeing that the state filing negated the 
"exclusivity" of the federal 2255 lawsuit. On the current record, nothing prevents Jane Doe 101 
from filing a parallel state court claim thus she has not, by affirmative waiver filed before the 
challenged Motion to Dismiss, committed herself to a litigation strategy that would potentially 
qualify her for the waiver of liability obligation. 
EFTA00726672

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726673.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726673.pdf
----------------------------------------
JAMS ARBITRATION 
Reference No. 1425006537 
IN THE MATTER OF 
FORTRESS VRF 1 LLC and FORTRESS 
VALUE RECOVERY FUND 1 LLC, 
Claimants 
v. 
JEEPERS, INC., 
Respondent 
and 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. and 
JEEPERS, INC., 
Counter-Claimants and Third-Party Claimants 
v. 
D.B. ZWIRN SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND, L.P. k/n/a/ FORTRESS VALUE 
RECOVERY FUND 1 LLC, 
Counter-Respondent 
and 
D.B. ZWIRN PARTNERS, LLC, 
D.B. ZWIRN & Co., L.P., 
DBZ GP, LLC, 
ZWIRN HOLDINGS, LLC, and 
DANIEL ZWIRN, 
Third —Party Respondents 
EFTA00726673
--- PAGE 2 ---
REPORT OF PRELIMINARY HEARING AND 
SCHEDULING ORDER NO. 1 
A preliminary conference was conducted on July 23, 2010; the following order is 
made respecting the conduct of this arbitration. 
1. 
Parties and Counsel. The parties to this arbitration are identified in the 
caption and are represented as follows: 
Allan J. Arffa, Esq. 
Paul, Weiss, Ritkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 
1285 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10019-6064 
212/373-3000 
Counsel for Claimants 
Harry P. Susman, Esq. 
Susman Godfrey, LLP 
654 Madison Avenue, 51h Floor 
New York, New York 10065-8440 
212/336-8330 
Counsel for Respondent and Counter-Claimants 
William O'Brien, Esq. 
Cooley LLP 
1114 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10036 
1 2/47  -6000
m
r
Counsel for Third Party Respondents 
D.B. Zwirn Partners, LLC 
D.B. Zwirn & Co., L.P. 
DBZ GP, LLC, and 
Zwirn Holdings, LLC 
John S. Siffert, Esq. 
Lankier Siffert & Wohl, LLP 
EFTA00726674
--- PAGE 3 ---
500 Fifth Avenue, 33nd Floor 
New York, New York 10110-3398 
A2
SS 
Counsel for Third Party Respondent, Daniel Zwirn 
2. 
Arbitrator. The parties have appointed as sole Arbitrator: 
Hon. Anthony J. Carpinello (Ret.) 
JAMS 
620 Eighth Avenue, 34ih Floor 
New York, New York 10018 
212 
2704: 
3. 
Case Manager: 
Michael Gonzalez, Esq. 
Case Manager 
JAMS 
620 Eighth Avenue, 3411' Floor 
New York, New York 10018 
2121751-2700 
4. 
Agreement to Arbitrate. 
Claimants rely on a Limited Liability Company Agreement dated June 1, 2009 as 
requiring this dispute to be arbitrated. Respondents and Third-Party Respondents do not 
contest the arbitrability of the dispute. 
5. 
Applicable Law and Rules. 
The Arbitrator shall apply New York CPLR Article 75. The applicable 
substantive law is the law of the state of Delaware. The JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration 
Rules and Procedures ("Rules") shall apply to this proceeding. 
6. 
Claims of the Parties. 
Claimants' Statement of Claim was filed on May 5, 2010. Respondents and Third-
Party Claimants filed their response and Third-Party Claim on May 21, 2010. Third-Party 
Respondents filed their response on June 25, 2010. 
7. 
Dispositive Motions. 
EFTA00726675
--- PAGE 4 ---
The parties do not contemplate any motions addressed to the pleadings. 
8. 
Discovery. 
(a) 
The parties shall exchange written requests for documents not later than 
August 10, 2010. Written responses to the requests shall be exchanged not later than 
August 30, 2010. Documents responsive to the requests shall be exchanged not later than 
September 30, 2010. 
(b) 
The parties shall meet and confer for the purpose of establishing a 
schedule for depositions promptly after September 15, 2010. 
(c) 
A discovery conference call will be conducted by the Arbitrator on 
October 4, 2010 at 2:30 P.M. for the purpose of reviewing the status of discovery, 
(d) 
The Arbitrator shall supervise discovery and resolve discovery disputes in 
accordance with the CPLR. (It is not intended that procedural discovery rules contained in 
the CPLR be followed but rather that the Rules shall provide a guide for the adequacy of 
production of documents and matters of privilege.) 
9. 
Stipulated Protective Order. Counsel are invited to enter into a stipulated 
protective order concerning the confidentiality of documents produced in this proceeding. 
The Arbitrator will provide assistance if required. 
10. 
Exchange of Information. The parties shall exchange all documentary 
evidence they intend to offer at the Hearing, including the identity of all fact witnesses and 
experts expected to testify at the Hearing, and copies of reports of experts if they are 
intended to be offered in evidence, and excepting only documents to be offered solely for 
impeachment, not later than January 25, 2011. 
11. 
Hearing Procedure. 
(a) 
The Hearing shall commence on February 7, 2011 and continue so long as 
necessary through and including February 8, 9, and 10, 2011. The hearing shall be 
conducted at the New York City offices of JAMS. Hearings shall commence each day at 
9:00 A.M. The parties are encouraged to stipulate to agreed or uncontested facts and shall 
provide any stipulation to the Arbitrator at the commencement of the Hearing. 
(b) 
Prehearing briefs and motions in limine, if any, may be filed not later than 
January 25, 2011. 
(c) 
Hearing exhibits shall be pre-marked and a Joint Exhibit List shall be 
prepared not later than the first day of the Hearing. The parties shall indicate on the Joint 
Exhibit List any objection to the introduction of any exhibit. The Joint Exhibit List and 
EFTA00726676
--- PAGE 5 ---
objections shall be furnished to the Arbitrator at the commencement of the Hearing. 
Exhibits not objected to shall be deemed admitted at the commencement of the Hearing. 
One set of exhibits shall be prepared for the Arbitrator and one for the witnesses in 
addition to copies for counsel. All exhibits will be discarded 30 days after the issuance of 
the Final Award unless a party requests, in writing, that the exhibits be retained or 
returned. 
(d) 
If a party intends to utilize the services of a court reporter at the Hearing, 
notice of that intention shall be given to the other side not later than January 25, 2011. The 
parties shall also advise the Arbitrator whether or not the cost of the court reporter and the 
transcript shall be treated as a cost to be allocated in the Award. 
(e) 
Award. The award shall be prepared in accordance with the JAMS Rules 
and the Limited Liability Company Agreement dated June 1, 2009 and may be served by 
regular mail unless any party requests, in writing, service by certified mail. 
(0 
All deadlines herein shall be strictly enforced. The Order shall continue in 
effect unless and until amended by subsequent order of the arbitrator. 
DATED: July 23, 2010 
S/ 
Hon. Anthony J. Carpinello (Ret.) 
Arbitrator 
EFTA00726677

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726678.pdf
----------------------------------------
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
ON BUYERS LETTERHEAD 
TRANSACTION CODE : 
BUYER'S CODE: 
SELLER'S CODE: 
Date : 
IRREVOCABLE MASTER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT 
RE: ACQUISITION OF TOP 25 WESTERN EUROPEAN — MTNs 50 BILLION USD 30+1 OR BETTER - 
10YR, 7'h% 
BANK INSTRUMENT DESCRIPTION 
INSTRUMENT 
ISSUANCE 
TERM 
INTEREST 
CATEGORY 
CONTRACT SIZE 
FIRST TRANCHE 
FURTHER TRANCHES 
INVOICE PRICE 
COMMISSION/FEE 
DENOMINATIONS 
: Medium Term Notes 
: Top 25 West European Banks 
: Ten (10) years and One (1) day 
: 7.5% payable annually 
: Fresh Cut 
: $50 Billion USD with R & E 
: Five Hundred Million ($500-M) 
: To Be Agreed 
:Thirty plus one percent (30% +1%) of face value. 
:1% shared equally between Buyer and Seller Side consultants at 
.50% each side. 
USD 10M, 20M, 50M, 100M 
IN THE ABOVE MENTIONED TRANSACTION AND IN ANY AND ALL TRANSACTIONS WITH 
THIS BUYER INVOLVING THE PURCHASE OF BANK INSTRUMENTS (MEDIUM TERM 
NOTES OR BANK GUARANTEES, CD, AND BONDS) THE FOLLOWING WILL SET OUT THE 
PROTECTION OF FEES SHOULD THE CONTRACT BE EXECUTED AND CONSUMMATED 
UNDER THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS MUTUALLY AGREED UPON BY THE PRINCIPALS 
OR THEIR MANDATE AGENTS. 
NOW THEREFORE, xxxxxxxxxx , Passport No. xxxxxxx HEREINAFTER KNOWN AS 
PAYER/BUYER, ACTING WITH FULL CORPORATE 
AND LEGAL AUTHORITY AND 
RESPONSIBILITIES ON BEHALF OF xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx, UNDER PENALTY OF 
PERJURY OF LAW, DO ISSUE THIS IRREVOCABLE DISBURSEMENT INSTRUMENT, 
MASTER 
FEE 
PROTECTION 
AGREEMENT 
TO 
BENEFICIARIES 
FOR 
CONSULTANT 
SERVICES. 
I DO HEREWITH, WITHOUT PREJUDICE AND RECOURSE, GUARANTEE TO 
PAY THE FEES NOT ONLY FOR THE TRANSACTION REFERENCED ABOVE BUT FOR ANY 
AND ALL TRANSACTIONS UNDER ANY TRANSACTION NUMBER WITH THIS SELLER FOR 
A PERIOD OF FIVE (5) YEARS. THE UNDERSIGNED, AS THE BUYER OR LEGAL BUYER'S 
REPRESENTATIVE, AGREES AND GUARANTEES TO CAUSE A COPY OF THIS IRREVOCABLE 
MASTER PAYMENT ORDER TO BE ATTACHED TO EACH COPY OF THE FINAL SIGNED 
CONTRACT AT ALL TIMES. THIS IRREVOCABLE PAYMENT IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO AND 
IN ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE BUYER'S RESPONSIBILITIES UNDER THE PRESENT 
CONTRACT. 
SELLERS INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726678
--- PAGE 2 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
UPON EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND PRIOR TO, OR SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH 
THE FIRST TRANSACTION, PAYER/BUYER GUARANTEES THAT THIS IRREVOCABLE 
MASTER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT WILL BE LODGED WITH THE PAYER/BUYER'S 
BANK 
AND/OR 
PAYING 
BANK 
FOR 
THE 
PURPOSE 
OF 
PAYMENT 
TO 
THE 
INTERMEDIARIES LISTED HEREIN. SHOULD THE PAYER/BUYER NOT DO SO, PAYER/ 
BUYER FURTHER AUTHORIZES ANY PAYMASTER LISTED HEREIN TO LODGE THIS 
IRREVOCABLE MASTER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT WITH THE PAYER/BUYER'S BANK 
AND SUCH LODGING SHALL CARRY THE SAME FORCE AND EFFECT AS IF THE 
PAYER/BUYER HAD DONE SO HIMSELF/HERSELF. 
PAYER/BUYER WAIVES ALL 
DEFENSES. 
THE PAYER/BUYER FURTHER AGREES THAT THE FEES AND COMMISSIONS STATED ARE 
COMPENSATION FOR SERVICES RENDERED AND ARE IRREVOCABLE, IRRETRIEVABLE 
AND UNCONDITIONALLY GUARANTEED TO BE PAID SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH THE 
DELIVERY/LOADING OF EACH AND EVERY TRANCHE OF THE BANK INSTRUMENT 
REFERRED TO IN THIS CONTRACT. THE FEES WILL BE FREE OF LEGAL IMPEDIMENT AND 
FREE OF ANY DEDUCTIONS, EXCLUDING BANK TRANSFER FEES AND ROUTINE BANKING 
DELAYS, FOR THIS AND ALL SUBSEQUENT TRANSACTIONS WITH THIS BUYER. 
PAYMENT WILL BE MADE FOR EACH AND EVERY TRANCHE UNTIL THE TOTAL CONTRACT 
AMOUNT HAS BEEN SOLD IN FULL, INCLUDING ALL SUBSEQUENT EXTENSIONS, 
ADDITIONS, ROLLOVERS, MODIFICATIONS OR RENEWALS THEREOF. THIS INCLUDES 
ANY NEW AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE BUYER AND THE SELLER, THEIR SHAREHOLDERS 
AND/OR ASSIGNEES. 
THE PAYER/BUYER AGREES THAT IF HE ATTEMPTS TO CIRCUMVENT, BYPASS, ALTER OR 
CHANGE THIS AGREEMENT (OR THE SPIRIT OF THIS AGREEMENT) BY CHANGING OR 
CAUSING TO BE CHANGED OR HAVING KNOWLEDGE OF ANY CHANGES TO THE 
TRANSACTION NUMBERS IN THIS AGREEMENT TO WILLFULLY AND KNOWINGLY AVOID 
PAYING THE FEES OWED TO THE PERSONS LISTED BELOW, ANY ONE (OR ALL) OF THE 
PERSON(S) LISTED BELOW WILL CONTACT THE BUYER AND THE FED WITH A BREACH 
OF CONTRACT, CEASE & DESIST ORDER AND ANY FURTHER BUYS WILL BE HALTED. 
IF ANY OF THE EVENTS IN THE ABOVE PARAGRAPH OCCUR, THE PAYER/BUYER 
UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT HE WILL BE EXCLUDED FROM CONDUCTING 
BUSINESS WITH THIS SELLER AT ANY TIME IN THE FUTURE. 
THE PAYER/BUYER UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT THIS ORDER INCLUDES THIS 
EXISTING AGREEMENT. 
THE PAYER/BUYER ALSO AGREES TO PAY RESTITUTION TO 
THE PERSONS LISTED BELOW IN THE FULL AMOUNT THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN PAID IF 
AN AVOIDANCE OF PAYMENT, CIRCUMVENTION, ALTERATION, OR CHANGE OF THE 
TRANSACTION (OR CODE) NUMBER(S) HAD NOT OCCURRED. 
THE PAYING BANK TO THIS IRREVOCABLE PAY ORDER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT 
WILL BE THE FOLLOWING: 
BANK NAME 
BANK ADDRESS 
: 
PHONE 
ROUTING NO 
ACCOUNT NO. 
ACCOUNT NAME 
: 
SWIFT CODE 
BANK OFFICER 
IT IS AGREED THAT THE ABOVE LISTED BANK WILL ISSUE A LETTER OF RECEIPT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT TO THE PAYEES. THE BUYER ALSO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE 
BANKS AT ANY STAGE DURING ANY GIVEN TRANSACTION, BUT SUCH CHANGE WILL 
HAVE NO BEARING ON THE CONTENTS OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
SHOULD THE BUYER 
SELLERS INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726679
--- PAGE 3 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
CHANGE BANKS, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE 
LODGED WITH THE NEW BANK 
IMMEDIATELY AND BEFORE OR SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH THE FIRST TRANSACTION 
DONE WITH THE NEW BANK AND THE BENEFICIARIES LISTED HEREIN SHALL BE 
NOTIFIED. 
SHOULD THE PAYER/BUYER NOT DO SO, PAYER/BUYER FURTHER 
AUTHORIZES ANY PAYMASTER LISTED HEREIN TO LODGE THIS IRREVOCABLE MASTER 
FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT WITH THE PAYER/BUYER'S NEW BANK AND SUCH 
LODGING SHALL CARRY THE SAME FORCE AND EFFECT AS IF THE PAYER/BUYER HAD 
DONE SO HIMSELF/HERSELF. PAYER/BUYER WAIVES ALL DEFENSES. 
ALL PARTIES AGREE NOT TO CIRCUMVENT, AVOID, BYPASS OR OBVIATE EACH OTHER 
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO AVOID PAYMENT OF COMMISSIONS OR FEES IN ANY 
TRANSACTION PENDING, OR IN THE FUTURE, FOR AS LONG AS A CONTRACT SHALL 
REMAIN IN FORCE BETWEEN TWO PRINCIPALS, OR, FOR A PERIOD OF FIVE (5) YEARS 
FROM THE DATE OF EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHOULD NO CONTRACT RESULT. 
AT NO TIME SHALL EITHER PARTY DISCLOSE OR OTHERWISE REVEAL TO ANY THIRD 
PARTY ANY CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, CODE OR REFERENCE AND OR ANY SUCH 
INFORMATION ADVISED TO THE OTHER PARTY 
AS BEING CONFIDENTIAL OR 
PRIVILEGED WITHOUT THE FORMAL WRITTEN PERMISSION OF THE OTHER PARTY. 
THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES BY REFERENCE AND INCORPORATES THE STANDARD 
INTERNATIONAL NON-CIRCUMVENTION AGREEMENT AND CONDITIONS AS SET FORTH 
BY THE INTERNATIONAL CHAMBER OF COMMERCE (ICC PUBLICATION 500, REVISED 
1994) AND IS TO BE APPLIED TO ANY AND ALL TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN WHERE THIS 
SELLER AND THIS BUYER FOR A PERIOD OF FIVE (5) YEARS. 
DISBURSEMENT OF FEES TO BE AS FOLLOWS: 
TOTAL CONSULTANT AND COMMISSION FEES: 1 PERCENT (10/0) OF THE FACE VALUE, 
PAID IN US DOLLARS TO BE SHARED BY THE FOLOWING BENEFICIARIES: 
GROUP 1: SELLER SIDE - CLOSED 
Paymaster: 
The Perry Law Group 
Contact Information: 
Tel: 404-589-3581 Fax: 404-589-3586 
Bank Name: 
Wachovia Bank 
Bank Address: 
17th Street, NW Atlanta, GA 30363 
Account Holder Name: 
The Perry Law Group, IOLTA Account 
Account Number. 
Bank Officer Name: 
Demetria Ferguson (Branch Manager)! Henrietta Grooms (Teller 
Manager) 
Bank Telephone: 
404-214-6120 
Bank Fax: 
404-214-3709 
SWIFT Code: 
PNBPUS33 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
061000227 
Beneficiaries: 
Special Instructions 
Michael Bader and Anthony Hruska or assigns 
Same day transfer and immediate credit in US Funds 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726680
--- PAGE 4 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
GROUP 2: BUYER MANDATE RECEIVES 34 PERCENT OF ONE HALF OF ONE PERCENT OF 
THE FACE VALUE AND FOR ALL ROLLS AND EXENSIONS FOR THE BALANCE OF THE 
CONTRACT 
PAYMASTER: 
Contact Information: 
Bank Name: 
Bank Address: 
Account Holder Name: 
Account Number. 
Bank Officer Name: 
Bank Telephone: 
Bank Fax: 
SWIFT Code: 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
Beneficiaries 
Special Wire Instructions: 
Group 3: BUYER INTERMEDIARY GROUP RECEIVES 33 PERCENT OF ONE HALF OF ONE 
PERCENT OF THE FACE VALUE AND FOR ALL ROLLS AND EXENSIONS FOR THE BALANCE 
OF THE CONTRACT - CLOSED 
pAYHASTER: 
Global Paymasters. LLC 
David B. Kaplan, Esq., Manager 
Contact Information: 
Global Paymasters, LLC 
Pa_yid B. Kaplan,_Esq,Manager
Phone: 509.263.4625 
ail: 
Bank Name: 
Wells Fargo Bank 
Bank Address: 
4500 University Way NE, Seattle, WA 98105 
firsount Holder Named 
filghal2aymastersLISCr_LQUAAccaunt 
David B. Kaplan, Esq. (Signatoryl 
Account Number: 
Bank Officer
Jeff Johnson 
Bank Telephone: 
206.545.3578 
Bank Fax: 
206.545.3581 
SWIFT Code; 
WEBB MSS 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
121000248 
Beneficiaries: 
US ASSET VENTURES, INC. DANIEL H. CHARLETON AND/OR 
ASSIGNS; LAWRENCE M. DAGER AND/OR ASSIGNS. AS PER 
AGREEMENTS AND SUB-FEE AGREEMENTS AS LODGED WITH 
PAYMASTER 
1) SAME DAY TRANSFER AND IMMEDIATE CREDIT IN US DOLLAR FUNDS. 
Special Wire Instructions. 
il THE REMITTER IS KNOWN TO US. THIS IS DONE WITH FULL BANKING 
RESPONSIBILITY AND WE ARE SATISFIED AS TO THE SOURCE OF FUNDS 
SENT TO US 
3) PLEASE PROVIDE A COURTESY COPY OF THE SWIFT WIRE 
CONFIRMATION RECEIPT TO EMAIL ADDRESS: 
and 
SELLERS INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726681
--- PAGE 5 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
Group 4: BUYER INTERMEDIARY GROUP RECEIVES 33 PERCENT OF ONE HALF OF ONE 
PERCENT OF THE FACE VALUE AND FOR ALL ROLLS AND EXENSIONS FOR THE BALANCE 
OF THE CONTRACT 
PAYMASTER: 
Contact Information: 
Bank Name: 
Bank Address: 
Account Holder Name: 
Account Number: 
Bank Officer Name: 
Bank Telephone: 
Bank Fax: 
SWIFT Code: 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
Beneficiaries 
Special Wire Instructions: 
REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE TO BE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
SIGNATURE PAGE IS TO FOLLOW DIRECTLY AFTER THIS PAGE 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726682
--- PAGE 6 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
APPROVED AND PAY BY 
BUYER 
SIGNATURE: 
NAME OF SIGNING OFFICER: 
TITLE: 
PASSPORT#: 
DATE: 
SELLERS INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726683

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726684.pdf
----------------------------------------
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
TRANSACTION CODE 
BUYER'S CODE: 
SELLER'S CODE: 
Date : 
IRREVOCABLE MASTER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT 
RE: ACQUISITION OF TOP 25 WESTERN EUROPEAN — MTNs 50 BILLION USD 62+1 OR BETTER - 
10YR, 7'/2%a 
BANK INSTRUMENT DESCRIPTION 
INSTRUMENT 
ISSUANCE 
TERM 
INTEREST 
CATEGORY 
CONTRACT SIZE 
FIRST TRANCHE 
FURTHER TRANCHES 
INVOICE PRICE 
COMMISSION/FEE 
DENOMINATIONS 
: Medium Term Notes 
: Top 25 West European Banks 
: Ten (10) years and One (1) day 
: 7.5% payable annually 
: SLIGHTLY SEASONED 
:$50 Billion USD with R & E 
: 500 Hundred Million ($500-M) 
: To Be Agreed 
:Sixty two plus one percent (62% +1%) of face value. 
:1% shared equally between Buyer and Seller Side consultants at 
1% each side. 
USD 10M, 20M, 50M, 100M 
IN THE ABOVE MENTIONED TRANSACTION AND IN ANY AND ALL TRANSACTIONS WITH 
THIS BUYER INVOLVING THE PURCHASE OF BANK INSTRUMENTS (MEDIUM TERM 
NOTES OR BANK GUARANTEES, CD, AND BONDS) THE FOLLOWING WILL SET OUT THE 
PROTECTION OF FEES SHOULD THE CONTRACT BE EXECUTED AND CONSUMMATED 
UNDER THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS MUTUALLY AGREED UPON BY THE PRINCIPALS 
OR THEIR MANDATE AGENTS. 
NOW THEREFORE,xxxxxxxxxx , Passport No. xxxxxxx HEREINAFTER KNOWN AS 
PAYER/BUYER, ACTING WITH FULL 
CORPORATE 
AND LEGAL AUTHORITY 
AND 
RESPONSIBILITIES 
ON 
BEHALF OFxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx, UNDER PENALTY 
OF 
PERJURY OF LAW, DO ISSUE THIS IRREVOCABLE DISBURSEMENT INSTRUMENT, 
MASTER 
FEE 
PROTECTION 
AGREEMENT 
TO 
BENEFICIARIES 
FOR 
CONSULTANT 
SERVICES. 
I DO HEREWITH, WITHOUT PREJUDICE AND RECOURSE, GUARANTEE TO 
PAY THE FEES NOT ONLY FOR THE TRANSACTION REFERENCED ABOVE BUT FOR ANY 
AND ALL TRANSACTIONS UNDER ANY TRANSACTION NUMBER WITH THIS SELLER FOR 
A PERIOD OF FIVE (5) YEARS. THE UNDERSIGNED, AS THE BUYER OR LEGAL BUYER'S 
REPRESENTATIVE, AGREES AND GUARANTEES TO CAUSE A COPY OF THIS IRREVOCABLE 
MASTER PAYMENT ORDER TO BE ATTACHED TO EACH COPY OF THE FINAL SIGNED 
CONTRACT AT ALL TIMES. THIS IRREVOCABLE PAYMENT IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO AND 
IN ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE BUYER'S RESPONSIBILITIES UNDER THE PRESENT 
CONTRACT. 
UPON EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND PRIOR TO, OR SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH 
THE FIRST TRANSACTION, PAYER/BUYER GUARANTEES THAT THIS IRREVOCABLE 
MASTER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT WILL BE LODGED WITH THE PAYER/BUYER'S 
BANK 
AND/OR 
PAYING 
BANK 
FOR 
THE 
PURPOSE 
OF 
PAYMENT 
TO 
THE 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726684
--- PAGE 2 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
INTERMEDIARIES LISTED HEREIN. SHOULD THE PAYER/BUYER NOT DO SO, PAYER/ 
BUYER FURTHER AUTHORIZES ANY PAYMASTER LISTED HEREIN TO LODGE THIS 
IRREVOCABLE MASTER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT WITH THE PAYER/BUYER'S BANK 
AND SUCH LODGING SHALL CARRY THE SAME FORCE AND EFFECT AS IF THE 
PAYER/BUYER HAD DONE SO HIMSELF/HERSELF. 
PAYER/BUYER WAIVES ALL 
DEFENSES. 
THE PAYER/BUYER FURTHER AGREES THAT THE FEES AND COMMISSIONS STATED ARE 
COMPENSATION FOR SERVICES RENDERED AND ARE IRREVOCABLE, IRRETRIEVABLE 
AND UNCONDITIONALLY GUARANTEED TO BE PAID SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH THE 
DELIVERY/LOADING OF EACH AND EVERY TRANCHE OF THE BANK INSTRUMENT 
REFERRED TO IN THIS CONTRACT. THE FEES WILL BE FREE OF LEGAL IMPEDIMENT AND 
FREE OF ANY DEDUCTIONS, EXCLUDING BANK TRANSFER FEES AND ROUTINE BANKING 
DELAYS, FOR THIS AND ALL SUBSEQUENT TRANSACTIONS WITH THIS BUYER. 
PAYMENT WILL BE MADE FOR EACH AND EVERY TRANCHE UNTIL THE TOTAL CONTRACT 
AMOUNT HAS BEEN SOLD IN FULL, INCLUDING ALL SUBSEQUENT EXTENSIONS, 
ADDITIONS, ROLLOVERS, MODIFICATIONS OR RENEWALS THEREOF. THIS INCLUDES 
ANY NEW AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE BUYER AND THE SELLER, THEIR SHAREHOLDERS 
AND/OR ASSIGNEES. 
THE PAYER/BUYER AGREES THAT IF HE ATTEMPTS TO CIRCUMVENT, BYPASS, ALTER OR 
CHANGE THIS AGREEMENT (OR THE SPIRIT OF THIS AGREEMENT) BY CHANGING OR 
CAUSING TO BE CHANGED OR HAVING KNOWLEDGE OF ANY CHANGES TO THE 
TRANSACTION NUMBERS IN THIS AGREEMENT TO WILLFULLY AND KNOWINGLY AVOID 
PAYING THE FEES OWED TO THE PERSONS LISTED BELOW, ANY ONE (OR ALL) OF THE 
PERSON(S) LISTED BELOW WILL CONTACT THE BUYER AND THE FED WITH A BREACH 
OF CONTRACT, CEASE & DESIST ORDER AND ANY FURTHER BUYS WILL BE HALTED. 
IF ANY OF THE EVENTS IN THE ABOVE PARAGRAPH OCCUR, THE PAYER/BUYER 
UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT HE WILL BE EXCLUDED FROM CONDUCTING 
BUSINESS WITH THIS SELLER AT ANY TIME IN THE FUTURE. 
THE PAYER/BUYER UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT THIS ORDER INCLUDES THIS 
EXISTING AGREEMENT. 
THE PAYER/BUYER ALSO AGREES TO PAY RESTITUTION TO 
THE PERSONS LISTED BELOW IN THE FULL AMOUNT THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN PAID IF 
AN AVOIDANCE OF PAYMENT, CIRCUMVENTION, ALTERATION, OR CHANGE OF THE 
TRANSACTION (OR CODE) NUMBER(S) HAD NOT OCCURRED. 
THE PAYING BANK TO THIS IRREVOCABLE PAY ORDER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT 
WILL BE THE FOLLOWING: 
BANK NAME 
BANK ADDRESS 
: 
PHONE 
ROUTING NO 
ACCOUNT NO. 
ACCOUNT NAME 
: 
SWIFT CODE 
BANK OFFICER 
IT IS AGREED THAT THE ABOVE LISTED BANK WILL ISSUE A LETTER OF RECEIPT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT TO THE PAYEES. THE BUYER ALSO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE 
BANKS AT ANY STAGE DURING ANY GIVEN TRANSACTION, BUT SUCH CHANGE WILL 
HAVE NO BEARING ON THE CONTENTS OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
SHOULD THE BUYER 
CHANGE BANKS, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE 
LODGED WITH THE NEW BANK 
IMMEDIATELY AND BEFORE OR SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH THE FIRST TRANSACTION 
DONE WITH THE NEW BANK AND THE BENEFICIARIES LISTED HEREIN SHALL BE 
NOTIFIED. 
SHOULD THE PAYER/BUYER NOT DO SO, PAYER/BUYER FURTHER 
AUTHORIZES ANY PAYMASTER LISTED HEREIN TO LODGE THIS IRREVOCABLE MASTER 
SELLERS INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726685
--- PAGE 3 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT WITH THE PAYER/BUYER'S NEW BANK AND SUCH 
LODGING SHALL CARRY THE SAME FORCE AND EFFECT AS IF THE PAYER/BUYER HAD 
DONE SO HIMSELF/HERSELF. PAYER/BUYER WAIVES ALL DEFENSES. 
ALL PARTIES AGREE NOT TO CIRCUMVENT, AVOID, BYPASS OR OBVIATE EACH OTHER 
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO AVOID PAYMENT OF COMMISSIONS OR FEES IN ANY 
TRANSACTION PENDING, OR IN THE FUTURE, FOR AS LONG AS A CONTRACT SHALL 
REMAIN IN FORCE BETWEEN TWO PRINCIPALS, OR, FOR A PERIOD OF FIVE (5) YEARS 
FROM THE DATE OF EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHOULD NO CONTRACT RESULT. 
AT NO TIME SHALL EITHER PARTY DISCLOSE OR OTHERWISE REVEAL TO ANY THIRD 
PARTY ANY CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, CODE OR REFERENCE AND OR ANY SUCH 
INFORMATION ADVISED TO THE OTHER PARTY 
AS BEING CONFIDENTIAL OR 
PRIVILEGED WITHOUT THE FORMAL WRITTEN PERMISSION OF THE OTHER PARTY. 
THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES BY REFERENCE AND INCORPORATES THE STANDARD 
INTERNATIONAL NON-CIRCUMVENTION AGREEMENT AND CONDITIONS AS SET FORTH 
BY THE INTERNATIONAL CHAMBER OF COMMERCE (ICC PUBLICATION 500, REVISED 
1994) AND IS TO BE APPLIED TO ANY AND ALL TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN WHERE THIS 
SELLER AND THIS BUYER FOR A PERIOD OF FIVE (5) YEARS. 
DISBURSEMENT OF FEES TO BE AS FOLLOWS: 
TOTAL CONSULTANT AND COMMISSION FEES: 1 PERCENT (10/0) OF THE FACE VALUE, 
PAID IN US DOLLARS TO BE SHARED BY THE FOLOWING BENEFICIARIES: 
GROUP 1: SELLER SIDE - CLOSED 
Paymaster: 
The Perry Law Group 
Contact Information: 
Tel: 404-589-3581 Fax: 404-589-3586 
Bank Name: 
Wachovia Bank 
Bank Address: 
17th Street, NW Atlanta, GA 30363 
Account Holder Name: 
The Perry Law Group, IOLTA Account 
Account Number. 
Bank Officer Name: 
Demetria Ferguson (Branch Manager)/ Henrietta Grooms (Teller 
Manager) 
Bank Telephone: 
404-214-6120 
Bank Fax: 
404-214-3709 
SWIFT Code: 
PNBPUS33 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
061000227 
Beneficiaries: 
Special Instructions 
Michael Bader and Anthony Hruska or assigns 
Same day transfer and immediate credit in US Funds 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726686
--- PAGE 4 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
GROUP 2: BUYER MANDATE RECEIVES 34 PERCENT OF ONE HALF OF ONE PERCENT OF 
THE FACE VALUE AND FOR ALL ROLLS AND EXENSIONS FOR THE BALANCE OF THE 
CONTRACT 
PAYMASTER: 
Contact Information: 
Bank Name: 
Bank Address: 
Account Holder Name: 
Account Number. 
Bank Officer Name: 
Bank Telephone: 
Bank Fax: 
SWIFT Code: 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
Beneficiaries 
Special Wire Instructions: 
Group 3: BUYER INTERMEDIARY GROUP RECEIVES 33 PERCENT OF ONE HALF OF ONE 
PERCENT OF THE FACE VALUE AND FOR ALL ROLLS AND EXENSIONS FOR THE BALANCE 
OF THE CONTRACT - CLOSED 
PAYMASTER: 
Global Paymasters. LLC 
David B. Kaplan, Esq., Manager 
Contact Information: 
Global Paymasters, LLC 
David B. Kap_lan,_Esq,Manauer
Phone: 509.263.4625 
Email: 
Bank Name: 
Wells Fargo Bank 
Bank Address: 
4500 University Way NE, Seattle, WA 98105 
Account Holder Named 
filakaLPAymagersLISCr_LQUAAccaunt 
David B. Ka plan, Esq. (Signatory_l 
Account Number: 
Bank Officer
Jeff Johnson 
Bank Telephone: 
206.545.3578 
Bank Fax: 
206.545.3581 
SWIFT Code; 
MERE(46S 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
121000248 
Beneficiaries: 
US ASSET VENTURES, INC. DANIEL H. CHARLETON AND/OR 
ASSIGNS; LAWRENCE M. DAGER AND/OR ASSIGNS. AS PER 
AGREEMENTS AND SUB-FEE AGREEMENTS AS LODGED WITH 
PAYMASTER 
1) SAME DAY TRANSFER AND IMMEDIATE CREDIT IN US DOLLAR FUNDS. 
Special Wire Instructions. 
i) THE REMITTER IS KNOWN TO US. THIS IS DONE WITH FULL BANKING 
RESPONSIBILITY AND WE ARE SATISFIED AS TO THE SOURCE OF FUNDS 
SENT TO US 
3) PLEASE PROVIDE A COURTESY COPY OF THE SWIFT WIRE 
CONFIRMATION RECEIPT TO EMAIL ADDRESS: 
and 
SELLERS INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726687
--- PAGE 5 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
Group 4: BUYER INTERMEDIARY GROUP RECEIVES 33 PERCENT OF ONE HALF OF ONE 
PERCENT OF THE FACE VALUE AND FOR ALL ROLLS AND EXENSIONS FOR THE BALANCE 
OF THE CONTRACT 
PAYMASTER: 
Contact Information: 
Bank Name: 
Bank Address: 
Account Holder Name: 
Account Number: 
Bank Officer Name: 
Bank Telephone: 
Bank Fax: 
SWIFT Code: 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
Beneficiaries 
Special Wire Instructions: 
REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE TO BE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
SIGNATURE PAGE IS TO FOLLOW DIRECTLY AFTER THIS PAGE 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726688
--- PAGE 6 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
APPROVED AND PAY BY 
BUYER 
SIGNATURE: 
NAME OF SIGNING OFFICER: 
TITLE: 
PASSPORT#: 
DATE: 
SELLERS INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726689

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726690.pdf
----------------------------------------
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
TRANSACTION CODE 
BUYER'S CODE: 
SELLER'S CODE: 
Date : 
IRREVOCABLE MASTER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT 
RE: ACQUISITION OF TOP 25 WESTERN EUROPEAN — MTNs 50 BILLION USD 62+1 OR BETTER - 
10YR, 7'/2%a 
BANK INSTRUMENT DESCRIPTION 
INSTRUMENT 
ISSUANCE 
TERM 
INTEREST 
CATEGORY 
CONTRACT SIZE 
FIRST TRANCHE 
FURTHER TRANCHES 
INVOICE PRICE 
COMMISSION/FEE 
DENOMINATIONS 
: Medium Term Notes 
: Top 25 West European Banks 
: Ten (10) years and One (1) day 
: 7.5% payable annually 
: SLIGHTLY SEASONED 
:$50 Billion USD with R & E 
: 500 Hundred Million ($500-M) 
: To Be Agreed 
:Sixty two plus one percent (62% +1%) of face value. 
:1% shared equally between Buyer and Seller Side consultants at 
1% each side. 
USD 10M, 20M, 50M, 100M 
IN THE ABOVE MENTIONED TRANSACTION AND IN ANY AND ALL TRANSACTIONS WITH 
THIS BUYER INVOLVING THE PURCHASE OF BANK INSTRUMENTS (MEDIUM TERM 
NOTES OR BANK GUARANTEES, CD, AND BONDS) THE FOLLOWING WILL SET OUT THE 
PROTECTION OF FEES SHOULD THE CONTRACT BE EXECUTED AND CONSUMMATED 
UNDER THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS MUTUALLY AGREED UPON BY THE PRINCIPALS 
OR THEIR MANDATE AGENTS. 
NOW THEREFORE,xxxxxxxxxx , Passport No. xxxxxxx HEREINAFTER KNOWN AS 
PAYER/BUYER, ACTING WITH FULL 
CORPORATE 
AND LEGAL AUTHORITY 
AND 
RESPONSIBILITIES 
ON 
BEHALF OFxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx, UNDER PENALTY 
OF 
PERJURY OF LAW, DO ISSUE THIS IRREVOCABLE DISBURSEMENT INSTRUMENT, 
MASTER 
FEE 
PROTECTION 
AGREEMENT 
TO 
BENEFICIARIES 
FOR 
CONSULTANT 
SERVICES. 
I DO HEREWITH, WITHOUT PREJUDICE AND RECOURSE, GUARANTEE TO 
PAY THE FEES NOT ONLY FOR THE TRANSACTION REFERENCED ABOVE BUT FOR ANY 
AND ALL TRANSACTIONS UNDER ANY TRANSACTION NUMBER WITH THIS SELLER FOR 
A PERIOD OF FIVE (5) YEARS. THE UNDERSIGNED, AS THE BUYER OR LEGAL BUYER'S 
REPRESENTATIVE, AGREES AND GUARANTEES TO CAUSE A COPY OF THIS IRREVOCABLE 
MASTER PAYMENT ORDER TO BE ATTACHED TO EACH COPY OF THE FINAL SIGNED 
CONTRACT AT ALL TIMES. THIS IRREVOCABLE PAYMENT IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO AND 
IN ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE BUYER'S RESPONSIBILITIES UNDER THE PRESENT 
CONTRACT. 
UPON EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND PRIOR TO, OR SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH 
THE FIRST TRANSACTION, PAYER/BUYER GUARANTEES THAT THIS IRREVOCABLE 
MASTER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT WILL BE LODGED WITH THE PAYER/BUYER'S 
BANK 
AND/OR 
PAYING 
BANK 
FOR 
THE 
PURPOSE 
OF 
PAYMENT 
TO 
THE 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726690
--- PAGE 2 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
INTERMEDIARIES LISTED HEREIN. SHOULD THE PAYER/BUYER NOT DO SO, PAYER/ 
BUYER FURTHER AUTHORIZES ANY PAYMASTER LISTED HEREIN TO LODGE THIS 
IRREVOCABLE MASTER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT WITH THE PAYER/BUYER'S BANK 
AND SUCH LODGING SHALL CARRY THE SAME FORCE AND EFFECT AS IF THE 
PAYER/BUYER HAD DONE SO HIMSELF/HERSELF. 
PAYER/BUYER WAIVES ALL 
DEFENSES. 
THE PAYER/BUYER FURTHER AGREES THAT THE FEES AND COMMISSIONS STATED ARE 
COMPENSATION FOR SERVICES RENDERED AND ARE IRREVOCABLE, IRRETRIEVABLE 
AND UNCONDITIONALLY GUARANTEED TO BE PAID SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH THE 
DELIVERY/LOADING OF EACH AND EVERY TRANCHE OF THE BANK INSTRUMENT 
REFERRED TO IN THIS CONTRACT. THE FEES WILL BE FREE OF LEGAL IMPEDIMENT AND 
FREE OF ANY DEDUCTIONS, EXCLUDING BANK TRANSFER FEES AND ROUTINE BANKING 
DELAYS, FOR THIS AND ALL SUBSEQUENT TRANSACTIONS WITH THIS BUYER. 
PAYMENT WILL BE MADE FOR EACH AND EVERY TRANCHE UNTIL THE TOTAL CONTRACT 
AMOUNT HAS BEEN SOLD IN FULL, INCLUDING ALL SUBSEQUENT EXTENSIONS, 
ADDITIONS, ROLLOVERS, MODIFICATIONS OR RENEWALS THEREOF. THIS INCLUDES 
ANY NEW AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE BUYER AND THE SELLER, THEIR SHAREHOLDERS 
AND/OR ASSIGNEES. 
THE PAYER/BUYER AGREES THAT IF HE ATTEMPTS TO CIRCUMVENT, BYPASS, ALTER OR 
CHANGE THIS AGREEMENT (OR THE SPIRIT OF THIS AGREEMENT) BY CHANGING OR 
CAUSING TO BE CHANGED OR HAVING KNOWLEDGE OF ANY CHANGES TO THE 
TRANSACTION NUMBERS IN THIS AGREEMENT TO WILLFULLY AND KNOWINGLY AVOID 
PAYING THE FEES OWED TO THE PERSONS LISTED BELOW, ANY ONE (OR ALL) OF THE 
PERSON(S) LISTED BELOW WILL CONTACT THE BUYER AND THE FED WITH A BREACH 
OF CONTRACT, CEASE & DESIST ORDER AND ANY FURTHER BUYS WILL BE HALTED. 
IF ANY OF THE EVENTS IN THE ABOVE PARAGRAPH OCCUR, THE PAYER/BUYER 
UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT HE WILL BE EXCLUDED FROM CONDUCTING 
BUSINESS WITH THIS SELLER AT ANY TIME IN THE FUTURE. 
THE PAYER/BUYER UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT THIS ORDER INCLUDES THIS 
EXISTING AGREEMENT. 
THE PAYER/BUYER ALSO AGREES TO PAY RESTITUTION TO 
THE PERSONS LISTED BELOW IN THE FULL AMOUNT THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN PAID IF 
AN AVOIDANCE OF PAYMENT, CIRCUMVENTION, ALTERATION, OR CHANGE OF THE 
TRANSACTION (OR CODE) NUMBER(S) HAD NOT OCCURRED. 
THE PAYING BANK TO THIS IRREVOCABLE PAY ORDER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT 
WILL BE THE FOLLOWING: 
BANK NAME 
BANK ADDRESS 
: 
PHONE 
ROUTING NO 
ACCOUNT NO. 
ACCOUNT NAME 
: 
SWIFT CODE 
BANK OFFICER 
IT IS AGREED THAT THE ABOVE LISTED BANK WILL ISSUE A LETTER OF RECEIPT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT TO THE PAYEES. THE BUYER ALSO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE 
BANKS AT ANY STAGE DURING ANY GIVEN TRANSACTION, BUT SUCH CHANGE WILL 
HAVE NO BEARING ON THE CONTENTS OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
SHOULD THE BUYER 
CHANGE BANKS, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE 
LODGED WITH THE NEW BANK 
IMMEDIATELY AND BEFORE OR SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH THE FIRST TRANSACTION 
DONE WITH THE NEW BANK AND THE BENEFICIARIES LISTED HEREIN SHALL BE 
NOTIFIED. 
SHOULD THE PAYER/BUYER NOT DO SO, PAYER/BUYER FURTHER 
AUTHORIZES ANY PAYMASTER LISTED HEREIN TO LODGE THIS IRREVOCABLE MASTER 
SELLERS INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726691
--- PAGE 3 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT WITH THE PAYER/BUYER'S NEW BANK AND SUCH 
LODGING SHALL CARRY THE SAME FORCE AND EFFECT AS IF THE PAYER/BUYER HAD 
DONE SO HIMSELF/HERSELF. PAYER/BUYER WAIVES ALL DEFENSES. 
ALL PARTIES AGREE NOT TO CIRCUMVENT, AVOID, BYPASS OR OBVIATE EACH OTHER 
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO AVOID PAYMENT OF COMMISSIONS OR FEES IN ANY 
TRANSACTION PENDING, OR IN THE FUTURE, FOR AS LONG AS A CONTRACT SHALL 
REMAIN IN FORCE BETWEEN TWO PRINCIPALS, OR, FOR A PERIOD OF FIVE (5) YEARS 
FROM THE DATE OF EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHOULD NO CONTRACT RESULT. 
AT NO TIME SHALL EITHER PARTY DISCLOSE OR OTHERWISE REVEAL TO ANY THIRD 
PARTY ANY CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, CODE OR REFERENCE AND OR ANY SUCH 
INFORMATION ADVISED TO THE OTHER PARTY 
AS BEING CONFIDENTIAL OR 
PRIVILEGED WITHOUT THE FORMAL WRITTEN PERMISSION OF THE OTHER PARTY. 
THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES BY REFERENCE AND INCORPORATES THE STANDARD 
INTERNATIONAL NON-CIRCUMVENTION AGREEMENT AND CONDITIONS AS SET FORTH 
BY THE INTERNATIONAL CHAMBER OF COMMERCE (ICC PUBLICATION 500, REVISED 
1994) AND IS TO BE APPLIED TO ANY AND ALL TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN WHERE THIS 
SELLER AND THIS BUYER FOR A PERIOD OF FIVE (5) YEARS. 
DISBURSEMENT OF FEES TO BE AS FOLLOWS: 
TOTAL CONSULTANT AND COMMISSION FEES: 1 PERCENT (10/0) OF THE FACE VALUE, 
PAID IN US DOLLARS TO BE SHARED BY THE FOLOWING BENEFICIARIES: 
GROUP 1: SELLER SIDE - CLOSED 
Paymaster: 
The Perry Law Group 
Contact Information: 
Tel: 404-589-3581 Fax: 404-589-3586 
Bank Name: 
Wachovia Bank 
Bank Address: 
17th Street, NW Atlanta, GA 30363 
Account Holder Name: 
The Perry Law Group, IOLTA Account 
Account Number. 
Bank Officer Name: 
Demetria Ferguson (Branch Manager)/ Henrietta Grooms (Teller 
Manager) 
Bank Telephone: 
404-214-6120 
Bank Fax: 
404-214-3709 
SWIFT Code: 
PNBPUS33 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
061000227 
Beneficiaries: 
Special Instructions 
Michael Bader and Anthony Hruska or assigns 
Same day transfer and immediate credit in US Funds 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726692
--- PAGE 4 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
GROUP 2: BUYER MANDATE RECEIVES 34 PERCENT OF ONE HALF OF ONE PERCENT OF 
THE FACE VALUE AND FOR ALL ROLLS AND EXENSIONS FOR THE BALANCE OF THE 
CONTRACT 
PAYMASTER: 
Contact Information: 
Bank Name: 
Bank Address: 
Account Holder Name: 
Account Number. 
Bank Officer Name: 
Bank Telephone: 
Bank Fax: 
SWIFT Code: 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
Beneficiaries 
Special Wire Instructions: 
Group 3: BUYER INTERMEDIARY GROUP RECEIVES 33 PERCENT OF ONE HALF OF ONE 
PERCENT OF THE FACE VALUE AND FOR ALL ROLLS AND EXENSIONS FOR THE BALANCE 
OF THE CONTRACT - CLOSED 
PAYMASTER: 
Global Paymasters. LLC 
David B. Kaplan, Esq., Manager 
Contact Information: 
Global Paymasters, LLC 
David B. Kaplan, Esa., Manager 
Phone: 509.263.4625 
Email: Globalpaymasters2gmail.com 
Bank Name: 
Wells Fargo Bank 
Bank Address: 
4500 University Way NE, Seattle, WA 98105 
fitsount Holder Named 
Global Paymasters. LLC — IOLTA Account 
David B. Ka.lan, Esa. (Signatory_l 
Account Number: 
Bank Officer Name: 
Jeff Johnson 
Bank Telephone: 
206.545.3578 
Bank Fax: 
206.545.3581 
SWIFT Code; 
WEBB tetSS 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
121000248 
Beneficiaries: 
US ASSET VENTURES, INC. DANIEL H. CHARLETON AND/OR 
ASSIGNS; LAWRENCE M. DAGER AND/OR ASSIGNS. AS PER 
AGREEMENTS AND SUB-FEE AGREEMENTS AS LODGED WITH 
PAYMASTER 
1) SAME DAY TRANSFER AND IMMEDIATE CREDIT IN US DOLLAR FUNDS. 
Special Wire Instructions. 
THE REMITTER IS KNOWN TO US. THIS IS DONE WITH FULL BANKING 
RESPONSIBILITY AND WE ARE SATISFIED AS TO THE SOURCE OF FUNDS 
SENT TO US 
3) PLEASE PROVIDE A COURTESY COPY OF THE SWIFT WIRE 
CONFIRMATION RECEIPT TO EMAIL ADDRESS: 
and 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726693
--- PAGE 5 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
Group 4: BUYER INTERMEDIARY GROUP RECEIVES 33 PERCENT OF ONE HALF OF ONE 
PERCENT OF THE FACE VALUE AND FOR ALL ROLLS AND EXENSIONS FOR THE BALANCE 
OF THE CONTRACT 
PAYMASTER: 
Contact Information: 
Bank Name: 
Bank Address: 
Account Holder Name: 
Account Number: 
Bank Officer Name: 
Bank Telephone: 
Bank Fax: 
SWIFT Code: 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
Beneficiaries 
Special Wire Instructions: 
REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE TO BE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
SIGNATURE PAGE IS TO FOLLOW DIRECTLY AFTER THIS PAGE 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726694
--- PAGE 6 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
APPROVED AND PAY BY 
BUYER 
SIGNATURE: 
NAME OF SIGNING OFFICER: 
TITLE: 
PASSPORT#: 
DATE: 
SELLERS INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726695

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726696.pdf
----------------------------------------
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
ON BUYERS LETTERHEAD 
TRANSACTION CODE : 
BUYER'S CODE: 
SELLER'S CODE: 
Date : 
IRREVOCABLE MASTER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT 
RE: ACQUISITION OF TOP 25 WESTERN EUROPEAN — MTNs 50 BILLION USD 66+1 OR BETTER - 
10YR, 7'h% 
BANK INSTRUMENT DESCRIPTION 
INSTRUMENT 
ISSUANCE 
TERM 
INTEREST 
CATEGORY 
CONTRACT SIZE 
FIRST TRANCHE 
FURTHER TRANCHES 
INVOICE PRICE 
COMMISSION/FEE 
DENOMINATIONS 
: Medium Term Notes 
: Top 25 West European Banks 
: Ten (10) years and One (1) day 
: 7.5% payable annually 
: SLIGHTLY SEASONED 
: $50 Billion USD with R & E 
: Five Hundred Million ($500-M) 
: To Be Agreed 
:Sixty six plus one percent (66% +1%) of face value. 
:1% shared equally between Buyer and Seller Side consultants at 
.50% each side. 
USD 10M, 20M, 50M, 100M 
IN THE ABOVE MENTIONED TRANSACTION AND IN ANY AND ALL TRANSACTIONS WITH 
THIS BUYER INVOLVING THE PURCHASE OF BANK INSTRUMENTS (MEDIUM TERM 
NOTES OR BANK GUARANTEES, CD, AND BONDS) THE FOLLOWING WILL SET OUT THE 
PROTECTION OF FEES SHOULD THE CONTRACT BE EXECUTED AND CONSUMMATED 
UNDER THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS MUTUALLY AGREED UPON BY THE PRINCIPALS 
OR THEIR MANDATE AGENTS. 
NOW THEREFORE, xxxxxxxxxx , Passport No. xxxxxxx HEREINAFTER KNOWN AS 
PAYER/BUYER, ACTING WITH FULL 
CORPORATE 
AND LEGAL AUTHORITY 
AND 
RESPONSIBILITIES ON BEHALF OF xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx, UNDER PENALTY OF 
PERJURY OF LAW, DO ISSUE THIS IRREVOCABLE DISBURSEMENT INSTRUMENT, 
MASTER 
FEE 
PROTECTION 
AGREEMENT 
TO 
BENEFICIARIES 
FOR 
CONSULTANT 
SERVICES. 
I DO HEREWITH, WITHOUT PREJUDICE AND RECOURSE, GUARANTEE TO 
PAY THE FEES NOT ONLY FOR THE TRANSACTION REFERENCED ABOVE BUT FOR ANY 
AND ALL TRANSACTIONS UNDER ANY TRANSACTION NUMBER WITH THIS SELLER FOR 
A PERIOD OF FIVE (5) YEARS. THE UNDERSIGNED, AS THE BUYER OR LEGAL BUYER'S 
REPRESENTATIVE, AGREES AND GUARANTEES TO CAUSE A COPY OF THIS IRREVOCABLE 
MASTER PAYMENT ORDER TO BE ATTACHED TO EACH COPY OF THE FINAL SIGNED 
CONTRACT AT ALL TIMES. THIS IRREVOCABLE PAYMENT IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO AND 
IN ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE BUYER'S RESPONSIBILITIES UNDER THE PRESENT 
CONTRACT. 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726696
--- PAGE 2 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
UPON EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND PRIOR TO, OR SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH 
THE FIRST TRANSACTION, PAYER/BUYER GUARANTEES THAT THIS IRREVOCABLE 
MASTER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT WILL BE LODGED WITH THE PAYER/BUYER'S 
BANK 
AND/OR 
PAYING 
BANK 
FOR 
THE 
PURPOSE 
OF 
PAYMENT 
TO 
THE 
INTERMEDIARIES LISTED HEREIN. SHOULD THE PAYER/BUYER NOT DO SO, PAYER/ 
BUYER FURTHER AUTHORIZES ANY PAYMASTER LISTED HEREIN TO LODGE THIS 
IRREVOCABLE MASTER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT WITH THE PAYER/BUYER'S BANK 
AND SUCH LODGING SHALL CARRY THE SAME FORCE AND EFFECT AS IF THE 
PAYER/BUYER HAD DONE SO HIMSELF/HERSELF. 
PAYER/BUYER WAIVES ALL 
DEFENSES. 
THE PAYER/BUYER FURTHER AGREES THAT THE FEES AND COMMISSIONS STATED ARE 
COMPENSATION FOR SERVICES RENDERED AND ARE IRREVOCABLE, IRRETRIEVABLE 
AND UNCONDITIONALLY GUARANTEED TO BE PAID SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH THE 
DELIVERY/LOADING OF EACH AND EVERY TRANCHE OF THE BANK INSTRUMENT 
REFERRED TO IN THIS CONTRACT. THE FEES WILL BE FREE OF LEGAL IMPEDIMENT AND 
FREE OF ANY DEDUCTIONS, EXCLUDING BANK TRANSFER FEES AND ROUTINE BANKING 
DELAYS, FOR THIS AND ALL SUBSEQUENT TRANSACTIONS WITH THIS BUYER. 
PAYMENT WILL BE MADE FOR EACH AND EVERY TRANCHE UNTIL THE TOTAL CONTRACT 
AMOUNT HAS BEEN SOLD IN FULL, INCLUDING ALL SUBSEQUENT EXTENSIONS, 
ADDITIONS, ROLLOVERS, MODIFICATIONS OR RENEWALS THEREOF. THIS INCLUDES 
ANY NEW AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE BUYER AND THE SELLER, THEIR SHAREHOLDERS 
AND/OR ASSIGNEES. 
THE PAYER/BUYER AGREES THAT IF HE ATTEMPTS TO CIRCUMVENT, BYPASS, ALTER OR 
CHANGE THIS AGREEMENT (OR THE SPIRIT OF THIS AGREEMENT) BY CHANGING OR 
CAUSING TO BE CHANGED OR HAVING KNOWLEDGE OF ANY CHANGES TO THE 
TRANSACTION NUMBERS IN THIS AGREEMENT TO WILLFULLY AND KNOWINGLY AVOID 
PAYING THE FEES OWED TO THE PERSONS LISTED BELOW, ANY ONE (OR ALL) OF THE 
PERSON(S) LISTED BELOW WILL CONTACT THE BUYER AND THE FED WITH A BREACH 
OF CONTRACT, CEASE & DESIST ORDER AND ANY FURTHER BUYS WILL BE HALTED. 
IF ANY OF THE EVENTS IN THE ABOVE PARAGRAPH OCCUR, THE PAYER/BUYER 
UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT HE WILL BE EXCLUDED FROM CONDUCTING 
BUSINESS WITH THIS SELLER AT ANY TIME IN THE FUTURE. 
THE PAYER/BUYER UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT THIS ORDER INCLUDES THIS 
EXISTING AGREEMENT. 
THE PAYER/BUYER ALSO AGREES TO PAY RESTITUTION TO 
THE PERSONS LISTED BELOW IN THE FULL AMOUNT THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN PAID IF 
AN AVOIDANCE OF PAYMENT, CIRCUMVENTION, ALTERATION, OR CHANGE OF THE 
TRANSACTION (OR CODE) NUMBER(S) HAD NOT OCCURRED. 
THE PAYING BANK TO THIS IRREVOCABLE PAY ORDER FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT 
WILL BE THE FOLLOWING: 
BANK NAME 
BANK ADDRESS 
: 
PHONE 
ROUTING NO 
ACCOUNT NO. 
ACCOUNT NAME 
: 
SWIFT CODE 
BANK OFFICER 
IT IS AGREED THAT THE ABOVE LISTED BANK WILL ISSUE A LETTER OF RECEIPT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT TO THE PAYEES. THE BUYER ALSO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE 
BANKS AT ANY STAGE DURING ANY GIVEN TRANSACTION, BUT SUCH CHANGE WILL 
HAVE NO BEARING ON THE CONTENTS OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
SHOULD THE BUYER 
SELLERS INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726697
--- PAGE 3 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
CHANGE BANKS, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE 
LODGED WITH THE NEW BANK 
IMMEDIATELY AND BEFORE OR SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH THE FIRST TRANSACTION 
DONE WITH THE NEW BANK AND THE BENEFICIARIES LISTED HEREIN SHALL BE 
NOTIFIED. 
SHOULD THE PAYER/BUYER NOT DO SO, PAYER/BUYER FURTHER 
AUTHORIZES ANY PAYMASTER LISTED HEREIN TO LODGE THIS IRREVOCABLE MASTER 
FEE PROTECTION AGREEMENT WITH THE PAYER/BUYER'S NEW BANK AND SUCH 
LODGING SHALL CARRY THE SAME FORCE AND EFFECT AS IF THE PAYER/BUYER HAD 
DONE SO HIMSELF/HERSELF. PAYER/BUYER WAIVES ALL DEFENSES. 
ALL PARTIES AGREE NOT TO CIRCUMVENT, AVOID, BYPASS OR OBVIATE EACH OTHER 
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO AVOID PAYMENT OF COMMISSIONS OR FEES IN ANY 
TRANSACTION PENDING, OR IN THE FUTURE, FOR AS LONG AS A CONTRACT SHALL 
REMAIN IN FORCE BETWEEN TWO PRINCIPALS, OR, FOR A PERIOD OF FIVE (5) YEARS 
FROM THE DATE OF EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHOULD NO CONTRACT RESULT. 
AT NO TIME SHALL EITHER PARTY DISCLOSE OR OTHERWISE REVEAL TO ANY THIRD 
PARTY ANY CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, CODE OR REFERENCE AND OR ANY SUCH 
INFORMATION ADVISED TO THE OTHER PARTY 
AS BEING CONFIDENTIAL OR 
PRIVILEGED WITHOUT THE FORMAL WRITTEN PERMISSION OF THE OTHER PARTY. 
THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES BY REFERENCE AND INCORPORATES THE STANDARD 
INTERNATIONAL NON-CIRCUMVENTION AGREEMENT AND CONDITIONS AS SET FORTH 
BY THE INTERNATIONAL CHAMBER OF COMMERCE (ICC PUBLICATION 500, REVISED 
1994) AND IS TO BE APPLIED TO ANY AND ALL TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN WHERE THIS 
SELLER AND THIS BUYER FOR A PERIOD OF FIVE (5) YEARS. 
DISBURSEMENT OF FEES TO BE AS FOLLOWS: 
TOTAL CONSULTANT AND COMMISSION FEES: 1 PERCENT (10/0) OF THE FACE VALUE, 
PAID IN US DOLLARS TO BE SHARED BY THE FOLOWING BENEFICIARIES: 
GROUP 1: SELLER SIDE — CLOSED 
Paymaster: 
The Perry Law Group 
Contact Information: 
Tel: 404-589-3581 Fax: 404-589-3586 
Bank Name: 
Wachovia Bank 
Bank Address: 
17th Street, NW Atlanta, GA 30363 
Account Holder Name: 
The Perry Law Group, IOLTA Account 
Account Number. 
Bank Officer Name: 
Demetria Ferguson (Branch Manager)/ Henrietta Grooms (Teller 
Manager) 
Bank Telephone: 
404-214-6120 
Bank Fax: 
404-214-3709 
SWIFT Code: 
PNBPUS33 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
061000227 
Beneficiaries: 
Special Instructions 
Michael Bader and Anthony Hruska or assigns 
Same day transfer and immediate credit in US Funds 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726698
--- PAGE 4 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
GROUP 2: BUYER MANDATE RECEIVES 34 PERCENT OF ONE HALF OF ONE PERCENT OF 
THE FACE VALUE AND FOR ALL ROLLS AND EXENSIONS FOR THE BALANCE OF THE 
CONTRACT 
PAYMASTER: 
Contact Information: 
Bank Name: 
Bank Address: 
Account Holder Name: 
Account Number. 
Bank Officer Name: 
Bank Telephone: 
Bank Fax: 
SWIFT Code: 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
Beneficiaries 
Special Wire Instructions: 
Group 3: BUYER INTERMEDIARY GROUP RECEIVES 33 PERCENT OF ONE HALF OF ONE 
PERCENT OF THE FACE VALUE AND FOR ALL ROLLS AND EXENSIONS FOR THE BALANCE 
OF THE CONTRACT — CLOSED 
PAYMASTER: 
Global Paymasters. LLC 
David B. Kaplan, Esq., Manager 
Contact Information: 
Global Paymasters, LLC 
Dayisl B. Kap_lan,_Esq,Manager 
Phone: 509.263.4625 
Email: 
Dank Name: 
Wells Fargo Bank 
Bank Address: 
4500 University Way NE, Seattle, WA 98105 
Acsount Holder Named 
filsal2aymastersLISCr_LQUAAccaunt 
David B. Kaplan, Esq. (Signatory) 
Account Number: 
Bank Officer
Jeff Johnson 
Bank Telephone: 
206.545.3578 
Bank Fax: 
206.545.3581 
SWIFT Code; 
WERE MSS 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
121000248 
Beneficiaries: 
US ASSET VENTURES, INC. DANIEL H. CHARLETON AND/OR 
ASSIGNS; LAWRENCE M. DAGER AND/OR ASSIGNS. AS PER 
AGREEMENTS AND SUB-FEE AGREEMENTS AS LODGED WITH 
PAYMASTER 
1) SAME DAY TRANSFER AND IMMEDIATE CREDIT IN US DOLLAR FUNDS. 
Special Wire Instructions. 
THE REMITTER IS KNOWN TO US. THIS IS DONE WITH FULL BANKING 
ROPONSIBILITY AND WE ARE SATISFIED AS TO THE SOURCE OF FUNDS 
GENT TO US 
3) PLEASE PROVIDE A COURTESY COPY OF THE SWIFT WIRE 
CONFIRMATION RECEIPT TO EMAIL ADDRESS: 
and 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726699
--- PAGE 5 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
Group 4: BUYER INTERMEDIARY GROUP RECEIVES 33 PERCENT OF ONE HALF OF ONE 
PERCENT OF THE FACE VALUE AND FOR ALL ROLLS AND EXENSIONS FOR THE BALANCE 
OF THE CONTRACT 
PAYMASTER: 
Contact Information: 
Bank Name: 
Bank Address: 
Account Holder Name: 
Account Number: 
Bank Officer Name: 
Bank Telephone: 
Bank Fax: 
SWIFT Code: 
Bank ABA Routing #: 
Beneficiaries 
Special Wire Instructions: 
REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE TO BE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
SIGNATURE PAGE IS TO FOLLOW DIRECTLY AFTER THIS PAGE 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726700
--- PAGE 6 ---
BUYERS FULL LETTERHEAD 
APPROVED AND PAY BY 
BUYER 
SIGNATURE: 
NAME OF SIGNING OFFICER: 
TITLE: 
PASSPORT#: 
DATE: 
SELLERS INITIALS 
PAGE 
BUYER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00726701

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726702.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey Epstein 
c/o Darren Indyke, Esq. 
Molyneux Studios 
c/o Jay Goldberg, Esq. 
RE: RESOLUTION AGREEMENT 
ST. JAMES PROJECT 
Gentlemen: 
Attached hereto are Fancelli Paneling work proposals, 
inclusive of: (i) Fancelli's response to items described 
in Mr. Epstein's 
September 8th E-Mail and designated "1" 
through "10" in the "Indyke Complaint Punch List"; (ii) 
proposal for "New Work" orders, submitted 
for approval 
and payment by Molyneux Studios; and (iii) invoices for 
completed work and prior travel expenses related to the 
St.James Project that have been invoiced with balances 
outstanding for payment. 
To accelerate completion of the items designated by Mr. 
Indyke as "Punch List" items, as are approved by Fancelli, 
and "Punch List" items designated by Fancelli as "New 
Work," both relating to the St. James Project, we request 
that: 
A] Juan Pablo Molyneux, Molyneux Studio and Jeffrey 
Epstein, 
each 
by 
authorized 
representative, 
shall 
acknowledge that the scope of work designated by Mr. 
Indyke as "Complaint Punch List" items "1" through "10," 
to the extent identified and designated as Items 1A, 1B, 
1C, 2A, 2B, 2C, 3, 4, 5, 6A, 6B, 7, and 8, to the 
Fancelli Attachment, constitutes the complete and final 
list of all work to be performed by Fancelli pursuant to 
Molyneux 
Studios 
Purchase Order *2680 
with 
Fancelli 
Paneling and that upon substantial completion of such work 
substantially in accordance with the attachment, Fancelli 
Paneling shall be deemed to have satisfied, in full, its 
EFTA00726702
--- PAGE 2 ---
obligation to Molyneux Studio and to have satisfied each 
alleged grounds identified in the Complaint in an action 
designated, Epstein and L.S.J., LLC v. Fancelli Paneling, 
Inc., bearing a Case No. ST-10-CIV. 443; and 
AGREED AND APPROVED 
Jeffrey Epstein 
By 
AGREED AND APPROVED 
Juan Pablo Molyneux 
Molyneux Studio 
By 
B] Mr. Epstein, by authorized representative, on behalf of 
himself, individually, and on behalf of entities in which 
Epstein 
has a direct or beneficial interest, shall 
acknowledge that neither he, nor the identified entities, 
shall rely on the presence of Fancelli Paneling, Inc., 
either by independent contractor or by employee or 
officers, as grounds to assert jurisdiction over Fancelli 
Paneling, Inc., its employee(s), officer(s), or the 
independent contractor; and 
AGREED AND APPROVED 
Jeffrey Epstein 
By 
C] Mr. Epstein, by authorized representative, shall agree 
not to effect service of process in the above identified 
action or in any other action in which either Jeffrey 
EFTA00726703
--- PAGE 3 ---
Epstein, L.S.J., LLC or any other entity in which Epstein 
has a direct or beneficial interest, is a party, upon 
Fancelli Paneling, Inc., its employee(s), officer(s), or 
independent contractors, while any of the above are en-
route to, are in St. Thomas or St. James Island or until 
each shall reach their departing destination; and 
AGREED AND APPROVED 
Jeffrey Epstein 
By 
D] either Molyneux Studios or Mr. Epstein satisfies the 
financial obligations to Fancelli Paneling, Inc. 
for 
completed work pursuant to Invoice ##1098 and 1096 and 
with respect to the "New Work," identified and designated 
as Items 2D, 9 10 and "No Item Is: 
(Columns Seams) and 
(Carver Signature), and "New Color Staining" Phase One, 
returns the executed Invoices, together with payment 
pursuant to the Terms set forth on the attachments. Checks 
shall be made payable to Fancelli Paneling, Inc., by wire 
transfer for amounts due in Euros and by checks for 
amounts due in US dollars; and 
AGREED AND APPROVED 
Jeffrey Epstein 
By 
AGREED AND APPROVED 
Juan Pablo Molyneux 
Molyneux Studio 
By 
EFTA00726704
--- PAGE 4 ---
E] it is agreed that references to the September 8th E-Mail 
and items designated "1" through "10" in the "Indyke 
Complaint Punch List" is not an admission by Fancelli 
Paneling, Inc. or those acting on its behalf of work not 
completed and not approved by Molyneux Studios and/or Mr. 
Epstein, but is included for ease of reference only; and 
AGREED AND APPROVED 
Jeffrey Epstein 
By 
AGREED AND APPROVED 
Juan Pablo Molyneux 
Molyneux Studio 
By 
F] the foregoing Resolution Letter and attachments hereto 
shall be governed by the Laws of the State of New York. 
AGREED AND APPROVED 
Jeffrey Epstein 
By 
AGREED AND APPROVED 
Juan Pablo Molyneux 
Molyneux Studio 
By 
EFTA00726705
--- PAGE 5 ---
Original will be sent by mail for signatures and return to 
me. 
EFTA00726706

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726707.pdf
----------------------------------------
1:30 PM 
07/19/10 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of July 19, 2010 
Type 
Date 
10000 • Bank 
10011 • JPMorgan Chase 
Name 
Memo 
Amount 
Balance 
MM 
78,718.31 
78,718.31 
Check 
6/28/2010 
Valdson Vieira Collin 
Euro 2307.69 
-2,877.11 
75341.20 
Check 
6/28/2010 
Pro-Teckt Services. Inc 
-21,700.50 
54,140.70 
Check 
6/28/2010 
NES. LLC 
-200,000.00 
-145,859.30 
Check 
6/28/2010 
Larry Visoski 
-4,000.00 
-149,859.30 
Check 
6/28/2010 
Caricement USVI 
inv #4758 
-3,304.65 
-153,163.95 
Deposit 
6/28/2010 
Deposit 
1,000,000.00 
846,836.05 
Check 
6/29/2010 
JEGE. Inc. 
-100,000.00 
746,836.05 
Check 
6/29/2010 
Hyperion Al 
-100,000.00 
646,836.05 
Check 
6/29/2010 
American Express Gold Car... 
Account # 3718 463688 42008 
-4,961.22 
641,874.83 
Check 
6/29/2010 
-7.500.00 
634,374.83 
Check 
6/30/2010 
Loan 
-25.000.00 
609,374.83 
Check 
6/30/2010 
American Export Company 
LSJ inv # R100548, R100552, R... 
-16,662.05 
594712.78 
Deposit 
6/30/2010 
Interest 
68.35 
594781.13 
Check 
7/1/2010 
American Express 3715-65... 
-64.94 
594716.19 
Check 
7/1/2010 
LSJ, LLC 
-250,000.00 
344716.19 
Check 
7/1/2010 
Cabinet Experton SPRL 
Retainer for June 2010 1650 Eur 
-2,110.85 
340,605.34 
General... 
7/2/2010 
return of s-76 deposit plus interest 
10.191,72530 
10332,330.34 
General... 
7/2/2010 
FTC JPM 
-10.000,000.00 
534330.34 
Check 
716/2010 
-512.66 
531,817.68 
Deposit 
716/2010 
Deposit 
3,368.52 
535,186.20 
Check 
716/2010 
Atlanta Refrigeration Service 
-1,608.45 
533,577.75 
Check 
716/2010 
Scott Graf 
7/02/10 and 618/2010 invoices 
-3.600.00 
529,977.75 
Check 
716/2010 
Dennis Boone 
-4.000.00 
525.977.75 
Check 
716/2010 
Schumacher Automotive. Inc. 
NES Vin it 1GNUKKE3OAR2511... 
-28.644.88 
497.33/87 
Deposit 
7/7/2010 
Deposit 
1,123.89 
498.456.76 
Check 
7/7/2010 
Jeffrey Epstein 
-50,000.00 
448.456.76 
Deposit 
7/8/2010 
Deposit 
420.79 
448.87735 
Deposit 
7/8/2010 
Deposit 
30,000.00 
478.87735 
Check 
7/9/2010 
LSJ, LLC 
-5.000.00 
473377.55 
Check 
7/9/2010 
ACR Process Equipment Inc. 
inv # 7178 Customer # 1018 
-1,490.00 
472.38735 
Check 
7/9/2010 
The deJongh Group, PC 
inv #2008.21.2010.11 - 3 o(3 C... 
-19,138.46 
451249.09 
Check 
7/9/2010 
DPMG. Inc. 
Inv #15 - June 2010 
-25,101.08 
428.148.01 
Check 
7/12/2010 
Charles D. Barnett. Esq. 10... 
-50,000.00 
378.148.01 
Check 
7/12/2010 
American Express 3727-68... 
Account # 3727-686332-61005 
-103,091.40 
275,056.61 
Check 
7/12/2010 
Burman. Udall. Luttier 8 C... 
-5,500,000.00 
-5.224,943.39 
Deposit 
7/12/2010 
Deposit 
5,500,000.00 
275,056.61 
Check 
7/12/2010 
-5,000.00 
270,056.61 
Deposit 
7/14/2010 
Deposit 
18,048.80 
288.10341 
Check 
7/14/2010 
Chase Visa NES 
-66,147.03 
221.958.38 
Check 
7/14/2010 
Chase Visa JEGE 
-857.23 
221.101.15 
Check 
7/16/2010 
Brian Moseley and AssociaL.. 
Inv 8907 
-1,649.18 
219,451.97 
Check 
7/16/2010 
3B's LLC 
-3,919.20 
215,532.77 
Check 
7/16/2010 
Lafayette Contractors, LLC 
-50.000.00 
163532.77 
Check 
7/16/2010 
Tempaire International. Inc. 
Inv 151901 
-17.807.75 
147,725.02 
Check 
7/16/2010 
Tom Hoch Interior Designs.... 
Inv# 15690. 15691A - Final 8 15... 
-30.301.50 
117.42152 
Check 
7/16/2010 
Maguire Group Inc. 
Projects: Office pavilion, 
-1.240.00 
116.183.52 
Check 
7/19/2010 
NES. LLC 
-50.000.00 
66.18152 
Check 
7/19/2010 
Zorro Development Corpora... 
-50.000.00 
16.183.52 
Deposit 
7/19/2010 
Gerald Goldsmith 
Deposit 
60.000.00 
76.18152 
Deposit 
7/19/2010 
Deposit 
8.000.00 
84.18152 
Total 10011 JPMorgan Chase MM 
5.465.21 
84.18152 
Total 10000 • Bank 
5.465.21 
84.18152 
TOTAL 
5,485.21 
84,183.52 
Page 1 
EFTA00726707

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726708.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 17th 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR 
BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
RAZORBACK FUNDING, LLC, D3 CAPITAL 
CLUB, LLC, BFMC 
INVESTMENT, LLC, 
LINDA VON ALLMEN, as Trustee of the VON 
ALLMEN 
DYNASTY 
TRUST, 
D&L 
PARTNERS, LP, DAVID VON ALLMEN, as 
Trustee of the DAVID VON ALLMEN LIVING 
TRUST, ANN VON ALLMEN, as Trustee of the 
ANN VON ALLMEN LIVING TRUST, DEAN 
KRETSCHMAR, COOPER MANAGEMENT, 
ANTHONY DEGENNARO, as Trustee of the 
EXTRA INNING DYNASTY TRUST, ADELE 
MUSSRY, JACK MUSSRY, NASSIM MUSSRY, 
MELINA EL-ANI, DANIELLE EL-ANI, H&N 
ASSOCIATES, ARETZ & ASSOCIATES, PARK 
NATIONAL CAPITAL FUNDING, LLC, PARK 
NATIONAL MORTGAGE SERVICING, SCOTT 
MORGAN, 
VICEROY 
GLOBAL 
INVESTMENTS, INC., CONCORDE CAPITAL, 
INC., IRA SOCHET as Trustee of the IRA 
SOCHET 
REVOCABLE 
INTER 
VIVOS 
TRUST, INVESTORS RISK ADVANTAGE, 
LP, 
SUSSCO, 
INC., 
EDWARD 
PALEY, 
FLORENCE PALEY, THE EDWARD AND 
FLORENCE PALEY FOUNDATION, STEVEN 
PALEY, LAURA PALEY, JANE ZARETSKY, 
STEVEN ZARETSKY as Trustee of the JANE 
ZARETSKY DYNASTY TRUST, LAWRENCE 
E. DEKELBAUM, AND SHALOM STRICTLY 
KOSHER MEATS, INC., 
Plaintiffs, 
v. 
SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN, DAVID BODEN, 
DEBRA VILLEGAS, ANDREW BARNETT, 
IRENE STAY, TD BANK, N.A., FRANK  A. 
SPINOSA, 
JENNIFER 
KERS 1 El 1 ER, 
ROSANNE CARETSKY, BANYON INCOME 
FUND, L.P., BANYON USVI, LLC, BANYON 
1030-32, LLC, GEORGE G. LEVIN, FRANK 
PREVE, MICHAEL SZAFRANSKI, ONYX 
OPTIONS CONSULTANTS CORPORATION, 
CASE NO.: 09-062943 (19) 
Complex Litigation Unit 
-NOWAROC
CLERK OF 
CIRCO COUINTY, FL 
T COURT 
B
U 
Page 1 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726708
--- PAGE 2 ---
Razorback Funding. LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et aL 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
ABS CAPITAL FUNDING, LLC, ALEXA 
FUNDING, LLC, BERENFELD SPRITZER 
SHECHTER 
SHEER, 
LLP, 
TRACY 
WEINTRAUB, GARY BERKOWITZ, BRIAN 
LEITSTEIN, 
BALLAMOR 
CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT, 
LLC, 
BARRY 
R. 
BEKKEDAM, 
R.L. 
PEARSON 
& 
ASSOCIATES, INC., RICHARD PEARSON, 
GIBRALTAR PRIVATE BANK & TRUST, 
CO., 
PLATINUM 
PARTNERS 
VALUE 
ARBITRAGE 
FUND 
(USA), 
L.P., 
and 
CENTURION STRUCTURED GROWTH, LLC, 
Defendants. 
A TRUE COPY
JUL 26 2010
PAM 
CLERK OF CIRCUIT COURT 
BROWARO COUN f Y. FL 
THIRD AMENDED COMPLAINT 
Plaintiffs, RAZORBACK FUNDING, LLC, D3 CAPITAL CLUB, LLC, BFMC 
INVESTMENT, LLC, LINDA VON ALLMEN as Trustee of the VON ALLMEN DYNASTY 
TRUST, D&L PARTNERS, 12, DAVID VON ALLMEN, as Trustee of the DAVID VON 
ALLMEN LIVING TRUST, ANN VON ALLMEN, as Trustee of the ANN VON ALLMEN 
LIVING TRUST, DEAN 
ICRETSCHMAR, COOPER 
MANAGEMENT, ANTHONY 
DEGENNARO as Trustee of the EXTRA INNING DYNASTY TRUST, ADELE MUSSRY, 
JACK MUSSRY, NASSIM MUSSRY, MELINA EL-ANI, DANIELLE EL-ANI, H&N 
ASSOCIATES, ARETZ ASSOCIATES, PARK NATIONAL CAPITAL FUNDING, LLC, PARK 
NATIONAL 
MORTGAGE 
SERVICING, 
SCOTT 
MORGAN, VICEROY 
GLOBAL 
INVESTMENTS, INC., CONCORDE CAPITAL, INC., IRA SOCHET REVOCABLE INTER 
VIVOS TRUST, INVESTORS RISK ADVANTAGE, LP, SUSSCO, INC., EDWARD PALEY, 
FLORENCE PALEY, THE EDWARD AND FLORENCE PALEY FOUNDATION, STEVEN 
PALEY, LAURA PALEY, JANE ZARETSKY, STEVEN ZARETSKY, as Trustee of the JANE 
ZARETSKY DYNASTY TRUST, LAWRENCE E. DEKELBAUM, AND SHALOM 
Page 2 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726709
--- PAGE 3 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
STRICTLY KOSHER MEATS, INC., (collectively referred to herein as "Plaintiffs") hereby sue 
Defendants, SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN, DAVID BODEN, DEBRA VILLEGAS, ANDREW 
BARNETT, IRENE STAY, TD BANK, N.A., FRANK A. SPINOSA, JENNIFER KERSTETTER, 
ROSANNE CARETSKY, BANYON INCOME FUND, L.P., BANYON USVI, LLC, BANYON 
1030-32, LLC, GEORGE G. LEVIN, FRANK PREVE, MICHAEL SZAFRANSKI, ONYX 
OPTIONS CONSULTANTS CORPORATION, ABS CAPITAL FUNDING, LLC, ALEXA 
FUNDING, 
LLC, 
BERENFELD 
SPRITZER 
SHECHTER 
SHEER, 
LLP, 
TRACY 
WEINTRAUB, GARY BERKOWITZ, BRIAN LEITSTEIN, BALLAMOR CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT, LLC, BARRY It BEICICEDAM, R.L. PEARSON & ASSOCIATES, INC., 
RICHARD PEARSON, GIBRALTAR PRIVATE BANK & TRUST, CO., PLATINUM 
PARTNERS VALUE ARBITRAGE FUND, L.P., and CENTURION STRUCTURED 
GROWTH, LLC (collectively referred to as "Defendants"), and allege as follows: 
I. Plaintiffs' Claims 
I. 
The Plaintiffs sue the Defendants and seek the following: 
a. 
Compensatory damages in excess of $281,525,358.34, pre-judgment 
interest, and other amounts to be particularized at trial as a direct and 
proximate result of Defendants' commission of the following: 
i. 
fraudulent misrepresentation; 
ii. 
negligent misrepresentation; 
iii. 
violation of the Florida Securities and Investor Protection Act; 
iv. 
breach of fiduciary duty; 
v. 
aiding and abetting fraud; 
Page 3 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726710
--- PAGE 4 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
vi. 
aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty; 
vii. 
aiding and abetting conversion; 
viii. 
conversion; 
ix. 
negligence; 
x. 
negligent supervision; and 
xi. 
civil conspiracy to defraud; 
b. 
punitive damages upon obtaining leave of court; 
c. 
taxable costs and attorney's fees; and 
d. 
any such further relief this court deems just under the circumstances. 
Page 4 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726711
--- PAGE 5 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
II. Overview 
2. 
This action arises out of a fraudulent scheme orchestrated by Scott W. Rothstein 
(hereinafter, "Rothstein"), who admittedly bilked investors out of hundreds of millions of 
dollars in what has come to be known as the largest financial fraud in Florida history. Rothstein, 
through his law firm Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A. (hereinafter, "RRA" and collectively 
referred to as the "Principal Conspirators"), devised an elaborate plot to lure investors into 
purchasing putative clients' structured settlement proceeds rights at lump sum discounted rates. 
Rothstein's role as the reputed escrow agent placed him at the center of the plot, providing him, 
in collaboration with his hand-picked bank insiders, unfettered access to manipulate and transfer 
the fraudulently obtained funds. In reality, while certain details used to induce investor funding 
were real, all of the confidential settlements were pure fabrication. Indeed, returns to earlier 
investors were not made via structured payments, but instead were made with the principal 
obtained from later investors--a classic Ponzi scheme.2
3. 
The Principal Conspirators, however, did not act alone. Defendant TD Bank, N.A. 
(hereinafter, "TD Bank"), a subsidiary of Toronto Dominion Bank, was complicit in this scheme, 
serving as a critical lynchpin "legitimizing" the Principal Conspirators' plot and providing crucial 
inducements to investor action. Specifically, investors were duped by TD Bank employees who 
conspired with the Principal Conspirators to manipulate TD Bank's trust account statements and 
On January 27, 2010, Rothstein pled guilty to five counts of criminal offenses. On June 9, 2010, 
Rothstein was sentenced to fifty (50) years in federal prison. 
A Ponzi scheme is generally recognized as a fraudulent investment operation that pays returns to earlier 
investors from their own money or from monies paid by subsequent investors, rather than from any actual 
profit earned. The scheme is named after Charles Ponzi who became notorious for using the technique in 
the early 1920's. 
Page 5 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726712
--- PAGE 6 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
lulled investors into a false senses of security by providing written assurances that settlement funds 
existed and could only be disbursed directly to the investor. 
These affirmative deceitful 
declarations, which in the investors' eyes was tantamount to a guaranty, gravely impacted the 
investor risk-evaluation analysis and influenced investors into making their investments. 
4. 
Moreover, demonstrative of TD Bank's participation, or alternatively evidence of 
their gross negligence and wanton misconduct, is the bank's reckless disregard of numerous "red 
flags." TD Bank ignored their own policies and procedures and acted in derivation of national bank 
secrecy / anti-money laundering protections as applied to wire, interbank, and interstate transfers. 
Undeniably, TD Bank had actual knowledge of RRA's pervasive practice of rapidly moving 
hundreds of millions of dollars through its TD Bank trust accounts over short periods of time. In 
fact, in October 2009 alone, almost half of a billion dollars was moved in and out of RRA's trust 
accounts at one TD Bank location--more money than most bank branches would likely see in a 
decade. Yet, despite the massive amount of funds being moved by one client, TD Bank failed to 
enforce even basic safeguards, enabling the Principal Conspirators to conceal the fraud, to launder 
proceeds, and to enrich Rothstein and his band of co-conspirators at the expense of innocent 
investors. 
The Ponzi scheme simply could not have gained traction without TD Bank's 
involvement in sanctioning or willfully failing to exercise reasonable care as an ordinary and 
prudent bank questioning, inter alia, the vast amounts of money being circulated through its doors. 
5. 
Based on the allegations set forth herein, Plaintiffs aver that, at all materials times, 
TD Bank was complicit in the Principal Conspirators' Ponzi scheme, had actual knowledge of 
Rothstein's wrongful conduct, and/or was recklessly or willfully blind to its role in materially 
supporting the scheme. 
Page 6 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726713
--- PAGE 7 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
6. 
Additionally, Gibraltar Private Bank & Trust (hereinafter, "Gibraltar Bank") and 
Berenfeld Spritzer Shechter Sheer, LLP (hereinafter, "Berenfeld"), both played instrumental roles in 
perpetuating the conspiracy to defraud and their conduct and omissions materially contributed to 
Plaintiffs' losses. Had either Gibraltar Bank or Berenfeld acted in accordance with industry 
standards and/or their own internal governance policies and procedures, Rothstein's scheme would 
have been revealed and Plaintiffs' devastating losses averted. 
7. 
Based on the allegations below, Plaintiffs aver that at all materials times Gibraltar 
Bank was complicit in the Principal Conspirators' Ponzi scheme, had actual knowledge of 
Rothstein's wrongful conduct, and substantially assisted in furthering the fraudulent scheme by, 
inter cilia: (1) actively monitoring Principal Conspirators' trust and operating accounts to avoid 
compliance issues; (2) affirmatively assisting and advising Rothstein when to transfer funds from 
RRA trust accounts to cover the tens of millions of dollars in RRA operating account overdrafts; 
(3) blindly authorizing same-day transfers from client trust accounts to RRA operating accounts 
and then out to Rothstein's own personal accounts; (4) utilizing key Gibraltar Bank insiders to 
aggressively quash internal compliance officers concerns over Rothstein's blatantly suspicious 
activities; and (5) willfully providing Rothstein with "special accommodations; as a client with 
significant stature, and later as an investor with a 5% ownership interest in Gibraltar Bank. 
Gibraltar Bank's active support played a vital role in facilitating and/or otherwise substantially 
assisting the Ponzi and, as a direct consequence, renders Gibraltar Bank liable to Plaintiffs for the 
damages they suffered. 
These "special accommodations" are detailed in Section X.A. below, and include abnormal banking 
procedures and major departures from Gibraltar Bank's own internal policies. 
Page 7 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726714
--- PAGE 8 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
8. 
Based on the allegations below, Plaintiffs aver, inter a/ia, that at all materials times, 
Berenfeld was: (1) the personal tax accountants for Rothstein and Stuart Rosenfeldt; (2) the tax 
accountants for RRA; and (3) the independent auditors for the Banyon Income Fund, L.P. and, as 
such, uniquely positioned to discover the pervasive fraud. Notwithstanding, Berenfeld either 
intentionally, recklessly, or with gross disregard failed to act choosing instead to affirmatively 
assist the Ponzi scheme for their own benefit. Berenfeld has already admitted numerous major 
mistakes in preparing the Principal Conspirators' tax returns and confessed to ignoring a series of 
red flags discovered during the Banyon audit process. Similarly, Berenfeld cannot avoid the 
patent conflict in auditing the RRA financial statements it prepared. Berenfeld knew when 
issuing Banyon its clear audit opinion letter that it was to be incorporated and disseminated in a 
confidential offering memorandum intended to secure investors. For these reasons and more, 
Berenfeld's knowing, deliberate, and/or reckless indifference makes it liable to Plaintiffs for their 
damages. 
9. 
Furthermore, as alleged in detail infra, the Principal Conspirators' inner-circle of 
facilitators (TD Bank, Spinosa, Kerstetter, Caretsky, Gibraltar Bank, Berenfeld, Weintraub, 
Berkowitz, Leitstein, Levin, Preve, Banyon entities, Szafranski, Onyx, Villegas, Boden, Barnett, 
Stay, Platinum, and Centurion) and promoters (TD Bank, Spinosa, Kerstetter, Caretsky, Gibraltar 
Bank, Levin, Preve, Banyon entities, Szafranski, Onyx, ABS, Bekkedam, Ballamor, Pearson, 
R.L. Pearson & Associates, Platinum, and Centurion) each played a vital role in the successful 
perpetration of this systemic fraud. Each of these Defendants either knowingly made material 
omissions, made false material statements intending to induce Plaintiffs, or knowingly aided and 
abetted or conspired in the scheme to defraud described herein. 
Indeed Rothstein, in a 
Page 8 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726715
--- PAGE 9 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
November 23, 2009, interview with the Sun-Sentinel, stated that "karma has caught up with him, 
but it will catch up with others too . . . You're in a town full of thieves, and at the end of the day, 
everyone will see. I'll leave it at that." 
III. The Plaintiffs 
10. 
The allegations made herein are made upon personal knowledge as to the 
Plaintiffs' own acts, and upon information and belief as to all other matters. 
Plaintiffs 
information and belief is based upon the following including, but not limited to: a review and 
analysis of public documents; a review and analysis of specific transaction/deal documents; a 
review and analysis of discovery obtain to date; a review and analysis of pleadings and papers 
filed in other actions where a Defendant is a named party or witness; a review and analysis of the 
related RRA bankruptcy chapter 11 pleadings, documents, and 2004 examination testimony; and 
interviews with Defendants' former employees, associates, and/or acquaintances. 
II. 
Plaintiff, RAZORBACK FUNDING, LLC, (hereinafter, "Razorback"), is a 
Delaware limited liability company with its principal place of business in Broward County, Florida. 
From October 1, 2009 through October 26, 2009, Razorback invested $32,000,000.00 into the Ponzi 
scheme through Banyon USVI, LLC. Von Allmen Dynasty Trust, D&L Partners, David Von 
Allmen Living Trust, Ann Von Allmen Living Trust, and Kretschmar were also major investors in 
Razorback. 
12. 
Plaintiff, D3 CAPITAL CLUB, LLC (hereinafter, "D3"), is a Delaware limited 
liability company with its principal place of business in Broward County, Florida. From September 
16, 2009 through October 23, 2009, D3 invested $13,500,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme. Von 
Allmen Dynasty Trust, D&L Partners, and David Von Allmen Living Trust were investors in D3. 
Page 9 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726716
--- PAGE 10 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
13. 
Plaintiff, BFMC INVESTMENT, LLC (hereinafter, "BFMC"), is a Florida limited 
liability company with its principal place of business in Broward County, Florida. On October 15, 
2009, BFMC invested $2,400,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme. 
14. 
Plaintiff, LINDA VON ALLMEN, is trustee of the VON ALLMEN DYNASTY 
TRUST (hereinafter, "Dynasty Trust"), an irrevocable trust with its principal place of administration 
in Broward County, Florida. On May 5, 2009, the Dynasty Trust invested $2,000,000.00 into the 
Ponzi scheme through Banyon Income Fund. 
15. 
Plaintiff, D&L PARTNERS, LP (hereinafter, "D&L Partners"), is a Missouri limited 
partnership with its principal place of business in Broward County, Florida. From May 5, 2009 
through June 8, 2009, D&L Partners invested approximately $45,000,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme 
through Banyon Income Fund. Doug Von Allmen is the general partner of D&L Partners. 
16. 
Plaintiff, DAVID VON ALLMEN, is trustee of the DAVID VON ALLMEN 
LIVING TRUST (hereinafter, "DVA Trust"), a revocable trust with its principal place of 
administration in Saint Louis County, Missouri. On August 26, 2009, the DVA Trust invested 
$275,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Banyon Income Fund. 
17. 
Plaintiff, ANN VON ALLMEN, is trustee of the ANN VON ALLMEN LIVING 
TRUST (hereinafter, "AVA Trust"), a revocable trust with its principal place of administration in 
Saint Louis County, Missouri. On August 28, 2009, the AVA Trust invested $275,000.00 into the 
Ponzi scheme through Banyon Income Fund. 
18. 
Plaintiff, DEAN KRETSCHMAR (hereinafter, "Kretschmar"), is an individual 
residing in Broward County, Florida. On June 3, 2009, Kretschmar invested $8,000,000.00 into the 
Ponzi scheme through Banyon Income Fund. 
Page 10 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726717
--- PAGE 11 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
19. 
Plaintiff, COOPER MANAGEMENT (hereinafter, "Cooper"), is a Delaware 
corporation with its principal place of business in Palm Beach County, Florida. On August 4, 2009, 
Cooper invested $900,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Banyon Income Fund. 
20. 
Plaintiff, ANTHONY DEGENNARO, is trustee of EXTRA INNING DYNASTY 
TRUST (hereinafter "Extra Inning Trust"), an irrevocable trust with its principal place of 
administration in Southington, Connecticut and the successor in interest to the Pavano Dynasty 
Trust. 
From August 18, 2008 through April 2, 2009, the Extra Inning Trust invested 
$7,000,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Banyon 1030-32. 
21. 
Plaintiffs, ADELE MUSSRY and JACK MUSSRY, are a married couple residing in 
California. From February 23, 2009 through October 15, 2009, Adele Mussry and Jack Mussry 
invested $1,150,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Michael Szafranski and ABS Capital 
Funding, LLC. 
22. 
Plaintiff, NASSIM MUSSRY, is an individual residing in California. On September 
8, 2009, Nassim Mussry invested $100,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Michael Szafranski 
and ABS Capital Funding, LLC. 
23. 
Plaintiff, MELINA EL-ANI, is an individual residing in California. Between 
August 10, 2009 and October 13, 2009, Melina El-Ani invested $145,900.00 into the Ponzi 
scheme through Michael Szafranski and ABS Capital Funding, LLC. 
24. 
Plaintiff, DANIELLE EL-ANI, is an individual residing in California. 
On 
October 6, 2009, Danielle El-Ani invested $35,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Michael 
Szafranski and ABS Capital Funding, LLC. 
Page 11 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726718
--- PAGE 12 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
25. 
Plaintiff, H&N ASSOCIATES (hereinafter, "H&N"), is a New York partnership. 
On September 4, 2009, H&N invested $100,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Michael 
Szafranski and ABS Capital Funding, LLC. 
26. 
Plaintiff, ARETZ ASSOCIATES (hereinafter "ARETZ"), is a New York 
partnership. On October 20, 2009, ARETZ invested $200,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through 
Michael Szafranski and ABS Capital Funding, LLC. 
27. 
Plaintiff, PARK NATIONAL CAPITAL FUNDING (hereinafter "PARK 
CAPITAL") is a New York limited liability company. Between June 30, 2009 and July 30, 2009, 
PARK CAPITAL invested $200,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Michael Szafranski and 
ABS Capital Funding, LLC. 
28. 
Plaintiff, PARK NATIONAL MORTGAGE SERVICING hereinafter "PARK 
MORTGAGE") is a New York partnership. On October 1, 2009, PARK MORTGAGE invested 
$250,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Michael Szafranski and ABS Capital Funding, LLC. 
29. 
Plaintiff, SCOTT MORGAN (hereinafter, "Morgan"), is an individual residing in 
Illinois. Between July 24, 2009 and September 21, 2009, Morgan invested $358,791.67. into the 
Ponzi scheme into the Ponzi scheme through Michael Szafranski and ABS Capital Funding, LW. 
30. 
Plaintiff, VICEROY GLOBAL INVESTMENTS, INC. (hereinafter, "Viceroy"), is a 
Georgia corporation with its principal place of business in Atlanta, Georgia. Between August 31, 
2009 and October 7, 2009, Viceroy invested $3,300,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Richard 
Pearson and R.L. Pearson & Associates. 
31. 
Plaintiff, CONCORDE CAPITAL, INC. (hereinafter, "Concorde"), is a Florida 
corporation with its principal place of business in Broward County, Florida. Between August and 
Page 12 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726719
--- PAGE 13 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
September 2009, Concorde invested $2,013,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Richard Pearson 
and R.L. Pearson & Associates. 
32. 
Plaintiff, IRA SOCHET, is the trustee of the IRA SOCHET REVOCABLE 
INTER VIVOS TRUST (hereinafter, "Sochet Trust"), an irrevocable trust that between February 
and October 2009, invested $147,300,000 into the Ponzi scheme through Szafranski, Onyx 
Options Consultants Corporation, and Alexa Funding, LLC. 
33. 
Plaintiff, INVESTORS RISK ADVANTAGE, LP (hereinafter, "Investors Risk"), 
is a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business in Miami-Dade County, Florida. 
Between February and October 2009, Investors Risk invested $8,450,000.00 into the Ponzi 
scheme through Szafranski and Alexa Funding, LLC. 
34. 
Plainitff, SUSSCO, INC. (hereinafter, "Sussco"), is a Florida corporation with its 
principal place of business in Miami-Dade County, Florida. Between March and October 2009, 
Sussco invested $2,799,166.66 into the Ponzi scheme through Szafranski and ABS Capital 
Funding, LLC. 
35. 
Plaintiff, EDWARD PALEY, is an individual residing in Palm Beach County, 
Florida. On September 1, 2009, Edward Paley invested $500,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through 
Banyon Income Fund. 
36. 
Plaintiff, FLORENCE PALEY, is an individual residing in Palm Beach County, 
Florida. On September 1, 2009, Florence Paley invested $500,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme 
through Banyon Income Fund. 
Page 13 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726720
--- PAGE 14 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
37. 
Plaintiffs, STEVEN PALEY and LAURA PALEY, are a married couple residing in 
Bergen County, New Jersey. On August 27, 2009 and October 29, 2009 Steven and Laura Paley 
made investments totaling $2,000,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Banyon Income Fund. 
38. 
Plaintiff, STEVEN ZARETSKY, as trustee of the JANE ZARETSKY DYNASTY 
TRUST (hereinafter, "Zaretsky Dynasty Trust"), an irrevocable trust that on June 8, 2009, invested 
$100,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Banyon Income Fund. 
39. 
Plaintiff, JANE ZARETSKY, is an individual residing in Bergen County, New 
Jersey. On September 10, 2009, Jane Zaretsky invested $50,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through 
Banyon Income Fund. 
40. 
Plaintiff, THE EDWARD AND FLORENCE PALEY FOUNDATION (hereinafter, 
"The Paley Foundation"), is a New Jersey not-for-profit corporation with its principal place of 
business in Bergen County, New Jersey. On August 26, 2009, The Paley Foundation invested 
$100,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Banyon Income Fund. 
41. 
Plaintiff, LAWRENCE E. DEKELBAUM (hereinafter, "Dekelbaum"), is an 
individual residing in Maryland. Between June 30, 2009 and October 8, 2009, Dekelbaum 
invested $381,500.01 into the Ponzi scheme through Michael Szafranski and ABS Capital 
Funding, LLC. 
42. 
Plaintiff, SHALOM STRICTLY KOSHER MEATS, INC. (hereinafter "Shalom 
Kosher") is incorporated under the laws of the State of Maryland. On October 6-8, 2009, 
Shalom Kosher invested $142,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme through Michael Szafranski and ABS 
Capital Funding, LLC. 
Page 14 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726721
--- PAGE 15 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
IV. The Defendants 
A. 
Principal Conspirators 
43. 
Defendant, ROTHSTEIN, is an individual residing in Broward County, Florida and, 
at all times relevant hereto, was one of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A.'s founders, its managing 
partner and CEO. Rothstein is the admitted architect of the Ponzi scheme. On January 27, 2010, 
Rothstein pled guilty to one count of conspiracy to violate the racketeering influenced corrupt 
organization (RICO) statute (Count 1); one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering 
(Count 2); one count of conspiracy to commit mail fraud and wire fraud (Count 3); and two 
counts of wire fraud (Counts 4 and 5). On June 9, 2010, Rothstein was sentenced to fifty (50) 
years in federal prison. Rothstein also agreed to forfeit all known assets, including twenty-four 
pieces of real property, numerous luxury cars, boats, and other vessels, jewelry, sports 
memorabilia, business interests, and bank accounts. Rothstein materially participated, conspired, 
substantially assisted, encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of 
the other defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein. 
44. 
RRA, a non-party, is a Florida professional association with its principal place of 
business in Broward County, Florida. At all times pertinent to this complaint, RRA, through its 
agents, employees, alter egos, subsidiaries, or divisions, served as the legitimate front for this 
elaborate Ponzi scheme, acting as both the law firm representing the putative plaintiffs in 
connection with their pre-suit, confidential settlements and as the escrow agents for each of the 
Plaintiffs' Ponzi scheme investments. RRA's trust, escrow, and operating accounts at TD Bank and 
Gibraltar Bank were used to divert and misappropriate investor funds at the heart of this scheme. 
RRA materially participated, conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, and otherwise 
Page 15 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726722
--- PAGE 16 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
knowingly aided and abetted one or more of the other defendants in the unlawful, misleading, 
and fraudulent conduct alleged herein. 
B. 
TD Bank Defendants 
45. 
Defendant, TD BANK, is a foreign national banking association registered to do 
business in Florida. TD Bank maintains substantial contact with the state of Florida through its 
multiple branches located throughout the state. TD Bank was the financial epicenter of the Ponzi 
scheme as hundreds of millions, if not billions, of Ponzi dollars flowed through RRA's it Bank 
escrow, trust, and operating accounts. Despite the grossly inordinate amount of funds being 
rapidly wired in and out of RRA's accounts held at two local South Florida branches, these 
suspicious account activities inexplicably circumvented several fraud-risk tripwires and avoided 
detection by TD Bank's internal bank compliance officers and systems. As asserted herein, TD 
Bank's active involvement in the Ponzi lent substantial credibility to the scheme which Plaintiffs 
relied upon in making their investments. Accordingly, TD Bank is liable for Plaintiffs' losses as 
they materially participated, conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, and otherwise 
knowingly aided and abetted one or more of the other defendants in the unlawful, misleading, 
and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or failing to exercise 
reasonable care. 
46. 
Defendant, FRANK A. SPINOSA (hereinafter, "Spinosa"), is an individual 
residing in Broward County, Florida and, at all times relevant hereto, was acting within the scope of 
his employment as a senior regional vice-president of operations for TD Bank. Spinosa contributed 
to the scheme by, among other things, making material misrepresentations in meeting with 
investors, providing falsified account statements, preparing fraudulent irrevocable "lock letters", 
Page 16 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726723
--- PAGE 17 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
and using his position at the bank and the bank itself to induce investor funding for the Ponzi. 
Additionally, Spinosa materially participated, conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, and 
otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of the other defendants in the unlawful, 
misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or failing to 
exercise reasonable care. 
On or about November 2009, TD Bank terminated Spinosa's 
employment.4
47. 
Defendant, JENNIFER KERSTETTER (hereinafter, "Kerstetter"), is an individual 
residing in Broward County, Florida and, at all times relevant hereto, was acting within the scope of 
her employment as an assistant manager for TD Bank. Kerstetter contributed to the scheme by, 
among other things, making material misrepresentations in meeting with investors, providing 
falsified account statements, preparing fraudulent irrevocable "lock letters", and using her position 
at the bank and the bank itself to induce investor funding. Additionally, Kerstetter materially 
participated, conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and 
abetted one or more of the other defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct 
alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable care.5
48. 
Defendant, ROSANNE CARETSKY (hereinafter, "Caretsky"), is an individual 
residing in Broward County, Florida, and, at all times relevant hereto, was acting within the scope of 
her employment as an assistant vice president and branch manager for TD Bank. Caretsky 
On June 10, 2010, Spinosa was deposed as part of the 2004 Examination in the case styled as In Re: 
Rothstein Rosenfeld: Adler, P.A., Debtor, Case No.: 09-34791-BKC-RBR currently pending before the 
United States Bankruptcy Court Southern District of Florida. Mr. Spinosa's sworn 2004 Examination 
deposition testimony was relied upon by the Plaintiffs in making the allegations contained herein. 
On May 18, 2010, Kerstetter was deposed as part of the 2004 Examination in the case styled as In Re: 
Rothstein Rosenfeld: Adler, P.A., Debtor, Case No.: 09-34791-BKC-RBR currently pending before the 
United States Bankruptcy Court Southern District of Florida. Ms. Kerstetter's sworn 2004 Examination 
deposition testimony was relied upon by the Plaintiffs in making the allegations contained herein. 
Page 17 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726724
--- PAGE 18 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
materially participated, conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, and otherwise knowingly 
aided and abetted one or more of the other defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and 
fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable 
care.6 
C. 
RRA Defendants 
49. 
Defendant, DAVID BODEN (hereinafter, "Boden"), is an individual residing in 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida and, at all times relevant hereto, was a shareholder and general counsel for 
RRA. Boden also worked as an agent for defendant-broker Richard Pearson and was compensated 
for performing services as an "inside?' to the fraudulent transactions alleged herein. Boden was 
Rothstein's "right-hand man" and an essential participant in the scheme by, among other things, 
participating in investor inducement meetings, negotiating and drafting the putative settlement and 
assignment documents, acting as the "closing agent" to secure investor funding, and advising and 
soliciting investors into funding settlements despite actual and/or constructive knowledge that the 
investments were part of a Ponzi scheme. Boden materially participated, conspired, substantially 
assisted, encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of the other 
defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully 
ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable care? 
On May 19, 2010, Caretsky was deposed as part of the 2004 Examination in the case styled as In Re: 
Rothstein Rosenfeld: Adler, P.A., Debtor, Case No.: 09-34791-BKC-RBR currently pending before the 
United States Bankruptcy Court Southern District of Florida. Ms. Caretsky's sworn 2004 Examination 
deposition testimony was relied upon by the Plaintiffs in making the allegations contained herein. 
On April 29, 2010, Boden was deposed as part of the 2004 Examination in the case styled as In Re: 
Rothstein Rosenfeld: Adler, P.A., Debtor, Case No.: 09-34791-BKC-RBR currently pending before the 
United States Bankruptcy Court Southern District of Florida. Mr. Boden's sworn 2004 Examination 
deposition testimony was relied upon by the Plaintiffs in making the allegations contained herein. 
Page 18 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726725
--- PAGE 19 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
50. 
Defendant, ANDREW BARNETT (hereinafter, "Barnett"), is an individual residing 
in Broward County, Florida and, at all times relevant hereto, was the Director of Corporate 
Development for RRA. Barnett participated in the scheme by, among other things, recruiting and 
soliciting investors into the Ponzi scheme, participating in investor inducement meetings, providing 
material misrepresentations which induced investor funding, and reaping financial benefits from the 
investor fraud despite having actual or constructive knowledge that the investments were being 
made into a Ponzi scheme. Bamett materially participated, conspired, substantially assisted, 
encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of the other defendants in 
the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or 
failing to exercise reasonable care. 
51. 
Defendant, IRENE STAY (hereinafter, "Stay"), is an individual residing in Broward 
County, Florida and, at all times relevant hereto, was the chief financial officer of RRA. Stay 
participated in the scheme by furnishing investors with falsified bank account statements and wire 
transfer confirmations used to induce investor funding despite having actual or constructive 
knowledge that the investments were a Ponzi scheme. Stay materially participated, conspired, 
substantially assisted, encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of 
the other defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while 
willfully ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable care. 
52. 
Defendant, DEBRA E. VILLEGAS (hereinafter, "Villegas"), is an individual 
residing in Broward County, Florida and, at all times relevant hereto, was the chief operating officer 
at RRA. Villegas, Rothstein's proclaimed number two at RRA, participated in the scheme by, 
among other things, drafting and notarizing fallacious putative settlement and assignment 
Page 19 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726726
--- PAGE 20 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
agreements, furnishing investors with false bank account statements and fictitious wire transfer 
notifications for the purpose of inducing investments into the Ponzi scheme despite having actual or 
constructive knowledge of same. 
Villegas materially participated, conspired, substantially 
assisted, encouraged, and knowingly otherwise aided and abetted one or more of the other 
defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully 
ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable care. On June 11, 2010, Villegas pled guilty to 
federal charge of conspiracy to commit money laundering. 
D. 
Banyon Defendants 
53. 
Defendant, BANYON 1030-32, LLC (hereinafter, "Banyon 1030-32"), is the 
General Partner and investment manager of Banyon Income Fund and Banyon USVI. Banyon 
1030-32, by and through its agent Frank Preve and Managing Member George Levin, directed 
several of the Banyon investment entities including, BIF, Banyon USVI, Banyon Funding, LLC, 
and Banyon Investments, LLC. In its role as the General Partner and investment manager of 
BIF, Banyon 1030-32 owed a fiduciary duty to the partnership and to the Limited Partners. 
Banyon 1030-32 made material misrepresentations to its Limited Partners and breached its 
fiduciary duties when it haphazardly invested all of the investors into the Ponzi scheme despite 
awareness of numerous indisputable "red flags." Banyon 1030-32 benefited financially from 
their illegal, wrongful, and conspiratorial acts against the Limited Partners of BIF and 
Razorback. 
Banyon 1030-32 materially participated, conspired, substantially assisted, 
encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of the other defendants in 
the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or 
failing to exercise reasonable care. 
Page 20 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726727
--- PAGE 21 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
54. 
Defendant, BANYON INCOME FUND, L.P. (hereinafter, "RIF"), is a Delaware 
limited partnership with its principal place of business in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. BIF, at all times 
relevant hereto, was operated by its Managing Members Levin and Preve as a putative investment 
entity formed exclusively to purchase interests in Ponzi scheme settlements. 
55. 
Defendant, BANYON USVI, LLC (hereinafter, "Banyon USVI"), is a Delaware 
limited liability company with its principal place of business in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Banyon 
USVI, at all times relevant hereto, was operated by its Managing Members Levin and Preve as a 
putative investment entity formed exclusively to purchase, along with Razorback, an interest in a 
certain Ponzi scheme settlement. 
56. 
Defendant, GEORGE G. LEVIN (hereinafter, "Levin"), is an individual residing in 
Broward County, Florida and, at all times relevant hereto, was acting within the scope of his 
employment as the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Member of Banyon USVI, BIF, and 
Banyon 1030-32. Levin, who previously owned and operated GGL Industries, Inc. d/b/a Classic 
Motor Carriages, a company convicted of federal fraud charges, actively participated in the scheme 
by, among other things, recruiting, inducing, conspiring, assisting, encouraging, and otherwise 
aiding and abetting one or more of the other defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and 
fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable 
care. Similar to his operation of Classic Motor Carriages, Levin relied on others in Banyon to do 
his "dirty work" in an attempt to insulate him from both criminal and civil liability. Levin's 
participation in the Ponzi scheme should be considered "Classic Motors 2.0." 
57. 
Defendant, FRANK J. PREVE (hereinafter, "Preve"), is an individual residing in 
Broward County, Florida and, at all times relevant hereto, was acting within the scope of his 
Page 21 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726728
--- PAGE 22 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
employment as the chief operating officer or agent of Banyon USVI, BIF and Banyon 1030-32. 
Preve maintained an office at RRA and was the key Banyon insider who devoted significant time 
and effort collaborating with Rothstein to operate the Ponzi. Preve, a convicted bank fraud and 
embezzlement felon,8 participated in the scheme by, among other things, recruiting, inducing, 
conspiring, assisting, encouraging, and otherwise aiding and abetting one or more of the other 
defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully 
ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable care. 
Preve also acted as the first level of 
insulation between his boss, Levin, and the fraud being committed by Rothstein. 
58. 
There is a sufficient unity of interest and ownership between Banyon 1030-32, 
BIF, and Banyon USVI such that the acts of one are for the benefit and can be imputed as the 
acts of the other. Banyon 1030-32, BIF, Banyon USVI, Levin, and Preve will hereinafter be 
collectively referred to as "Banyon." The Banyon Defendants acted as the agents, servants, 
employees and/or representatives of each other within the course and scope of their agency and 
employment, and with the knowledge and permission of the other Banyon Defendants. 
E. 
Onyx/ABS/Alexa Defendants 
59. 
Defendant, MICHAEL SZAFRANSKI (hereinafter, "Szafranski"), is an individual 
residing in Miami-Dade County, Florida and, at all times relevant hereto, was acting within the 
scope of his employment as the president of Onyx Options Consultants Corporation and ABS 
Capital Funding, LLC. Szafranski was hired as an "independent" third-party on behalf of BIF, 
Banyon USVI, Razorback, and D3 and was tasked with verifying the legitimacy of the purported 
Frank Preve pled guilty to bank embezzlement charges in 1985 and received ten (10) years probation 
and a $10,000.00 fine for falsifying loan documents in connection with a scheme resulting in losses 
exceeding $2,300,000.00. 
Page 22 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726729
--- PAGE 23 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
confidential settlements. Specifically, Szafranski was the only person vested with authority to 
analyze the unredacted settlement documents, to substantiate the putative plaintiffs' and putative 
defendants' existence, to confirm the putative defendants' pre-funded wire transfer into the 
Principal Conspirators' TD Bank escrow account, to verify the Principal Conspirators' TD Bank 
trust and escrow account balances, and to provide an opinion as to the authenticity of the settlement 
deals. 
Szafranski participated in the scheme by, among other things, making material 
misrepresentations, false verifications, and conspiring to induce investor funding while accepting 
over $32 million in payment from the Principal Conspirators despite having actual or constructive 
knowledge that the investments were a Ponzi scheme. 
Szafranski materially participated, 
conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or 
more of the other defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein 
while willfully ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable care.9
60. 
Defendant, ONYX OPTIONS CONSULTANTS CORPORATION d/b/a/ ONYX 
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (hereinafter, "Onyx"), is a Florida limited liability company which, at 
all times relevant hereto, was owned and operated by Szafranski. Onyx materially participated, 
conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or 
more of the other defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein 
while willfully ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable care. 
61. 
Defendant, ABS CAPITAL FUNDING, LLC, (hereinafter, "ABS"), is a Florida 
limited liability company which, at all times relevant hereto, was owned and operated by Szafranski 
On March 8-9, 2010, Szafranski was deposed as part of the 2004 Examination in the case styled as In Re: 
Rothstein Rosenfeld: Adler, P.A., Debtor, Case No.: 09-34791-BKC-RBR currently pending before the 
United States Bankruptcy Court Southern District of Florida. Mr. Szafranski's sworn 2004 Examination 
deposition testimony was relied upon by the Plaintiffs in making the allegations contained herein. 
Page 23 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726730
--- PAGE 24 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
as a putative investment entity formed exclusively to purchase interests in Ponzi scheme 
settlements. ABS materially participated, conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, and 
otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of the other defendants in the unlawful, 
misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or failing to 
exercise reasonable care. 
62. 
Defendant, ALEXA FUNDING, LLC, (hereinafter, "Alexa Funding"), is a Florida 
limited liability company which, at all times relevant hereto, was owned and operated by Szafranski 
as a putative investment entity formed exclusively to purchase interests in Ponzi scheme 
settlements. Alexa Funding materially participated, conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, 
and otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of the other defendants in the unlawful, 
misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or failing to 
exercise reasonable care. 
F. 
CPA Defendants 
63. 
Defendant, BERENFELD SPRITZER SHECHTER SHEER, CPA LLP (hereinafter, 
"Berenfeld'), is a Florida limited liability partnership which, at all times relevant hereto, served as 
the auditing firm for BIF and Banyon 1030-32 and as the accounting firm for RRA, Rothstein, and 
Rosenfeldt individually. As described, Berenfeld was uniquely positioned as Banyon auditor and 
RRA accountant to discover the fraudulent scheme and, despite countless "red flags" failed to do so. 
Berenfeld's unqualified audit opinion of BIF and Banyon 1030-32, which it knew was being 
incorporated into a Confidential Offering Memorandum, authenticating hundreds of millions of 
dollars of non-existent receivables, was so patently deficient that the audit amounted to no audit 
at all. 
Berenfeld materially participated, conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, and 
Page 24 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726731
--- PAGE 25 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of the other defendants in the unlawful, 
misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or failing to 
exercise reasonable care. 
64. 
Defendant, TRACY WEINTRAUB, (hereinafter "Weintraub"), is an individual 
residing in Broward County, Florida, and, at all times material hereto, was acting within the 
scope of his employment as the Senior Audit and Managing Partner of Berenfeld's Fort 
Lauderdale office located in the same building as RRA. Weintraub materially participated, 
conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or 
more of the other defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein 
while willfully ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable care.10
65. 
Defendant, GARY BERKOWITZ, (hereinafter "Berkowitz"), is an individual 
residing in Broward County, Florida and, at all times material hereto, was acting within the scope 
of his employment as a Certified Public Accountant of Berenfeld. 
Berkowitz materially 
participated, conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and 
abetted one or more of the other defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct 
alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable care." 
66. 
Defendant, BRIAN LEITSTEIN, (hereinafter "Leitstein") 
is an individual 
residing in Broward County, Florida and, at all times material hereto, was acting within the scope 
On May 12, 2010, Weintraub was deposed as part of the 2004 Examination in the case styled as In Re: 
Rothstein Rosenfeld: Adler, P.A., Debtor, Case No.: 09-34791-BKC-RBR currently pending before the 
United States Bankruptcy Court Southern District of Florida. Mr. Weintraub's sworn 2004 Examination 
deposition testimony was relied upon by the Plaintiffs in making the allegations contained herein. 
On March 17-18, 2010, Berkowitz was deposed as part of the 2004 Examination in the case styled as In 
Re: Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A., Debtor, Case No.: 09-34791-BKC-RBR currently pending before 
the United States Bankruptcy Court Southern District of Florida. 
Mr. Berkowitz's sworn 2004 
Examination deposition testimony was relied upon by the Plaintiffs in making the allegations contained 
herein. 
Page 25 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726732
--- PAGE 26 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
of his employment as Audit Manager of Berenfeld. Leitstein materially participated, conspired, 
substantially assisted, encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of 
the other defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while 
willfully ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable care. 
G. 
Ballamor Defendants 
67. 
Defendant, BALLAMOR CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC (hereinafter, 
"Ballamor"), is a Pennsylvania limited liability corporation which, at all times relevant hereto, was 
owned and operated by its president and sole officer, Bany Bekkedam. Ballamor is an investment, 
advisement, and strategies firm for ultra-high net worth individuals. Ballamor participated in the 
scheme by actively serving as a "feeder" entity used to promote, facilitate, and induce investments 
into the Ponzi scheme. 
Ballamor materially participated, conspired, substantially assisted, 
encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of the other defendants in 
the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or 
failing to exercise reasonable care. Ballamor conducted business and had regular, not isolated, 
contact with Florida for which it could reasonably anticipate being haled into this Court's 
jurisdiction. 
68. 
Defendant, BARRY R. BEKKEDAM (hereinafter, "Bekkedam"), is an individual 
residing in Delaware County, Pennsylvania and, at all times relevant hereto, was acting within the 
scope of his employment as the chief executive officer and president of Ballamor. Bekkedam 
materially participated, conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, and otherwise knowingly 
aided and abetted one or more of the other defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and 
fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable 
Page 26 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726733
--- PAGE 27 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
care. Bekkedam conducted business and had regular, not isolated, contact with Florida for which 
he could reasonably anticipate being haled into this Court's jurisdiction. 
H. 
Pearson Defendants 
69. 
Defendant, R.L. PEARSON & ASSOCIATES, INC. (hereinafter, "R.L. Pearson"), 
is a Florida corporation which, at all times material hereto, was owned and operated by its president 
and sole officer, Richard Pearson. R.L. Pearson participated in the scheme by actively serving as a 
"feeder" entity which materially participated, conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, and 
otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of the other defendants in the unlawful, 
misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or failing to 
exercise reasonable care. 
70. 
Defendant, RICHARD PEARSON (hereinafter "Pearson"), is an individual residing 
in Broward County, Florida and, at all times relevant hereto, was acting within the scope of his 
employment as the sole owner and president of R.L. Pearson. Pearson participated in the scheme by 
actively serving as a "feeder" that materially participated, conspired, substantially assisted, 
encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of the other defendants in 
the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or 
failing to exercise reasonable care. 
I. 
Gibraltar Bank Defendant 
71. 
Defendant, GIBRALTAR PRIVATE BANK & TRUST, CO. (hereinafter, 
"Gibraltar Bank") is a private bank and wealth management firm organized under the rules 
promulgated by the Office of Thrift Supervision as a Federal Stock Association Charter with its 
principal place of business in Miami-Dade County, Florida. As alleged herein, Gibraltar Bank 
Page 27 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726734
--- PAGE 28 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
materially participated, conspired, substantially assisted, encouraged, and otherwise knowingly 
aided and abetted one or more of the other defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and 
fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable 
care. 
J. 
Platinum and Centurion Defendants 
72. Defendant, PLATINUM PARTNERS VALUE ARBITRAGE FUND (USA), L.P. 
(hereinafter "Platinum"), is a Delaware limited partnership which, at all times material hereto, by 
and through its agents, managers, and officers, materially participated, conspired, substantially 
assisted, encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of the other 
defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully 
ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable care. Platinum's general partner is Platinum 
Management (NY) LLC headquartered in New York, New York and the designated Managing 
Member is Mark "Meir" Nordlicht. 
73. 
Defendant, 
CENTURION 
STRUCTURED 
GROWTH, 
LLC 
(hereinafter 
"Centurion"), is a Delaware limited liability company which, at all times material hereto, by and 
through their agents, managers, and officers, materially participated, conspired, substantially 
assisted, encouraged, and otherwise knowingly aided and abetted one or more of the other 
defendants in the unlawful, misleading, and fraudulent conduct alleged herein while willfully 
ignoring and/or failing to exercise reasonable care. Centurion's managing member is Platinum 
Management (NY) LLC headquartered in New York, New York. 
Page 28 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726735
--- PAGE 29 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
74. 
At the insistence of Platinum and Centurion, Michael Szafranski was appointed as 
an independent third party verifier of putative settlements and, at all times material hereto, acted as 
an agent for Platinum and Centurion. 
Page 29 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726736
--- PAGE 30 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
V. The Ponzi Scheme 
A. 
The Rothstein Facade 
75. 
From humble beginnings in 2003, Rothstein transformed RRA into one of the 
fastest growing law firms in Florida. Under Rothstein's six-year stewardship, RRA grew from 
seven attorneys to over seventy and amassed almost one hundred and fifty in staff. Along with 
its dramatic growth in size, RRA rapidly emerged as a legal, political, and philanthropic 
powerhouse. 
76. 
Not surprisingly, as the firm expanded so did Rothstein's enormous portfolio of 
personal assets including more than twenty-four real estate properties, twenty-five cars, an 
eighty-seven foot yacht, and various interests in a myriad of businesses ranging from watches to 
restaurants to vodka. 
77. 
Rothstein lived lavishly and spent prolifically--critical components necessary to 
set his scheme in motion. Rothstein leveraged these assets as tools to induce investment into the 
Ponzi scheme, appeasing unwary investors with personal guaranties secured by these very same 
assets. 
78. 
With RBA's tireless marketing efforts and meteoric rise into prominence, 
Rothstein quickly made forays into preeminent social circles, rubbing elbows with high net-
worth individuals and political luminaries, the perfect breeding grounds to attract wealthy 
investors. His plot was up and running. 
B. 
The Plan 
79. 
Rothstein seized upon his new found stature to entice investors into his scheme 
using his purported budding employment and labor practice at RRA as the conduit. 
Page 30 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726737
--- PAGE 31 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
80. 
The scheme was predicated on the Principal Conspirators' pipeline of pre-suit, 
confidential settlement agreements as the self-professed "preeminent sexual harassment and 
labor employment law firm in the country." RRA purported to attract a high volume of quality 
cases based upon RRA's own reputation, as well as from intemet referrals and well placed "800" 
numbers. Investors were told that RRA had an extensive in-house private investigative team, 
including former F.B.I. and C.I.A. agents, led by a former Broward County sheriff, whose 
singular task was to obtain compromising evidence against high-profile, wealthy putative 
defendants. The story Rothstein spun was that once his team of investigators finished their 
surveillance and dug up enough evidence to support a civil cause of action (typically a sexual 
harassment, mass tort cover-up, or whistle-blower claim), he would contact the putative 
defendant and arrange a meeting at his office. Once in his office, Rothstein would layout all the 
evidence against the putative defendant painting a detailed picture of how the negative exposure 
would indubitably affect the putative defendant's personal and professional life. Rothstein 
would then extend an offer to amiably resolve the matter quickly and quietly through a 
confidential, pre-suit settlement with the putative plaintiff, thereby avoiding protracted litigation 
or negative publicity. 
81. 
Once the putative defendant agreed, a confidential settlement would be 
negotiated, which invariably included two key provisions: (1) that the putative plaintiff would be 
paid the settlement over time, usually within a range of three to nine months; and (2) that the 
putative defendant would pm-fund the entire settlement amount, held in escrow by RRA, which 
could only be disbursed in accordance with the pre-determined schedule integrated into the 
confidential settlement. 
Page 31 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726738
--- PAGE 32 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
C. 
The Pitch 
82. 
With the stage set and his plan in place, Rothstein began to make his pitch. The 
key backdrop element incorporated into each investor meeting was that the putative plaintiffs did 
not and/or could not wait for the structured monthly payouts and would willingly agree to assign 
their rights to same for a discounted lump-sum payout. Typically, this lump-sum payment was at 
a discount rate in the range of 20-40% off the settlements' face-value. Rothstein scripted a 
plethora of plausible explanations as to why a putative plaintiff wanted his or her money now in 
lieu of waiting for the structured monthly payments. 
83. 
Rothstein claimed to want nothing from the deal and was only presenting the 
"opportunity" for a putative plaintiff's benefit. Notwithstanding, Rothstein would often boast 
that if not for his professional and legal conflicts he would be the one purchasing these 
assignments. To bolster this claim, Rothstein agreed to stay on and act as the escrow agent to 
facilitate the transaction. 
84. 
As a means to induce investor action, to corroborate the settlement being 
purchased and to mitigate any lingering risk-related concerns, Rothstein would show investors 
the purported executed agreement between the putative plaintiff and putative defendant; 
however, because the settlements were pre-suit and confidential in nature, all of the names were 
redacted. 
85. 
Furthermore, Rothstein would agree to provide: (1) confirmation of RRA's IOTA 
trust account balance at TD Bank evidencing the putative defendant's fully funded settlement 
proceeds being held in escrow; (2) a "lock letter", drafted and executed by a TD Bank executive, 
irrevocably assuring that the putative defendant's pre-funded settlement proceeds in RRA's 
IOTA trust account could only be paid directly to the investor's designated account which, in 
Page 32 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726739
--- PAGE 33 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
most cases, was an account at TD Bank; and (3) the opportunity for an independent third-party to 
authenticate the underlying settlement and assignment, and to verify that the putative defendant's 
funds were being held in RRA's IOTA trust account, 
86. 
As the final piece to persuade an investment, the Principal Conspirators offered to 
absolutely and unconditionally guaranty the entire settlement transaction. This "gratuitous" 
guaranty, secured by the Principal Conspirators' significant assets (as discussed in part, supra), 
was a vital inducement further securitizing the transaction and lending critical credibility to the 
purchase of these settlements. 
87. 
Notwithstanding these broad ranges of false assurances and material 
representations, Rothstein remained hyper-vigilant over access to RRA's IOTA trust and escrow 
accounts under the guise of confidentiality. In fact, potential investors could only access RRA's 
TD Bank account information from Rothstein or Stay, from the independent verifier, Szafranski, 
or through Rothstein's express authorization directing TD Bank executives like Spinosa, 
Kerstetter, and Caretsky to provide the requested statements. On numerous occasions, TD Bank 
vice-president Spinosa, assistant manager Kerstetter, and assistant vice president Caretsky 
physically handed trust/escrow account statements to Rothstein, who then handed the statement 
over to the investor in their presence, or provided Szafranski, Plaintiffs' third-party independent 
verifier, with same. 
88. 
Once an investor expressed interest and was provided the above-referenced 
assurances, the Principal Conspirators, in conjunction with Boden and Villegas, prepared an 
agreement for the putative plaintiff's assignment of the settlement and related proceeds. 
Page 33 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726740
--- PAGE 34 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
89. 
Once the terms of the deal were negotiated and finalized, the investor would 
receive a bank statement confirming that the funds were held in escrow in a designated RRA 
trust account. Thereafter, the investor would wire funds either directly into RRA's escrow 
account or to their investment advisor, who would in turn wire the investor's money into an RRA 
escrow account. The investor's wired money, equivalent to the agreed upon purchase price, was 
used to pay the putative plaintiff his or her lump sum settlement payout. Thereafter, RRA as the 
putative escrow agent was obligated to make the scheduled distributions from the locked account 
at TD Bank to the investor's account in accordance with the pre-determined schedule integrated 
into the confidential settlement. 
Page 34 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726741
--- PAGE 35 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
VI. Ponzi Scheme In Action 
A. 
Fabricated Settlements Premised on Real Cases 
90. 
In certain instances, the purported settlements, albeit fraudulent, were based on 
actual cases being handled by RRA. For example, one of the settlements involved herein was 
based upon facts surrounding Jeffrey Epstein, the infamous billionaire financier. In fact, RRA 
did have inside information due to its representation of one of Epstein's alleged victims in a civil 
case styled Jane Doe v. Jefrey Epstein, currently pending in the Southern District of Florida. 
Representatives of D3 were offered "the opportunity" to invest in a pre-suit, $30,000,000.00, 
court settlement against Epstein arising from the same set of operative facts as the Jane Doe 
case, but involving a different underage female plaintiff. To bolster his concocted story, 
Rothstein invited D3 representatives to his office to view the thirteen banker's boxes of actual 
case files in Jane Doe in order to demonstrate that the claims against Epstein were legitimate and 
that the evidence against Epstein was real. In particular, Rothstein claimed that his investigative 
team discovered that there were high-profile witnesses onboard Epstein's private jet where some 
of the alleged sexual assaults took place and showed D3 copies of a flight log purportedly 
containing names of celebrities, dignitaries and international figures. 
Because of these 
potentially explosive facts, putative defendant Epstein had allegedly offered $200,000,000.00 for 
settlement of the claims held by various young women who were his victims. Adding fuel to the 
fire, an investigative team representative privately told a D3 representative that they found three 
additional claimants about whom Rothstein did not yet know. Preve was present for this 
meeting, despite the fact that he was not involved as an investor or representative in the D3 deal. 
Page 35 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726742
--- PAGE 36 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
91. 
Additionally, Rothstein leveraged RRA's representation in the Epstein case to 
pursue issues and evidence wholly unrelated to the underlying litigation but which could 
potentially be beneficial to lure investors into the Ponzi scheme. For instance, RRA relentlessly 
chased flight data and passenger manifests regarding flights Epstein took with other famous 
individuals knowing full well that no underage women were on board and no illicit activities 
took place. RRA also inappropriately attempted to take the depositions of these celebrities in a 
deliberate effort to bolster Rothstein's fictitious story. 
92. 
Conspicuously, Preve and Szafranski shared an office inside RRA one floor down 
from Rothstein's office, which provided them direct access to assist Rothstein in the furtherance 
of the Ponzi scheme. This fact helps explain why Preve attended the aforementioned D3 meeting 
despite his lack of involvement as an investor or representative. 
93. 
Another actual case which Rothstein attempted to use as a false predicate for his 
scheme was a mass tort case against Chiquita Brands International. In this instance, Rothstein 
claimed to be representing plaintiffs in 450 wrongful death cases on the verge of settling for 
$2,000,000.00 each. Rothstein told investors to begin raising funds in order to purchase this 
settlement. While the cases against Chiquita are real, Rothstein did not represent any of the 
plaintiffs and the cases remain pending. 
Page 36 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726743
--- PAGE 37 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
VII. Plaintiffs' Investments 
A. 
Plaintiffs Induced by the Banyon Confidential Offering Memorandum 
94. 
As the title suggests, this section concerns those Plaintiffs who were induced, at 
least in part, by Banyon's Confidential Offering Memorandum. As explained more fully below, 
the co-conspirators who either made or adopted the representations contained in that document 
include Levin, Preve, BIF, Banyon 1030-32, Banyon USVI, Berenfeld, Bekkedam, Ballamor, 
Onyx, and Szafranski (in his capacity as an independent verifier). As set forth infra, the Ponzi 
scheme could not have gained enough momentum and would never have defrauded as many 
investors at it did without the substantial assistance of Banyon as the primary "feeder fund." 
95. 
Banyon Income Fund ("BIF") was launched in April 2009 and quickly ascended 
to become the primary "feeder fund" funneling money to purchase the Principal Conspirators' 
settlement deals. 
96. 
According to the offering prospectus prepared by Levin and Preve, BIF was 
looking to raise one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000.00) in minimum capital commitments 
of one million dollars ($1,000,000.00) to continue "a business strategy that [Levin and Banyon] 
and its affiliates have been engaged in for approximately 2.5 years." See Confidential Offering 
Memorandum dated April 30, 2009, a copy of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein as 
Composite Exhibit "A." 
97. 
BIF's strategy offered investors a slice of a "largely untapped market" aimed at 
purchasing: 
discount settlements and related periodic revenue stream 
from individual plaintiffs who have settled their labor and 
employment related lawsuits or claims, and who would 
otherwise receive their settlement amounts over a period of 
Page 37 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726744
--- PAGE 38 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
time.12 The purchased settlements are secured by the full 
settlement amounts which will have been deposited in a 
trust account established by the plaintiff's attorney for the 
benefit of the plaintiff prior to purchase by Banyon Income 
Fund, LP. 
These settlements are released to Banyon 
Income Fund, LP over time to liquidate the purchased 
settlement. 
Id. 
98. 
For each investment up to one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000.00), BIF 
promised investors "preferred returns of fifteen percent (15%) on their Capital Contributions . 
[along with] a claw back obligation to the extent the [investors] have not received 100% of the 
Capital Account balances (together with accrued but unpaid Preferred Return)"; however, all 
investments would be subject to a twelve month "lock-up period" precluding any early 
withdrawal of capital contributions. 
99. 
Not coincidentally, BIF's investment strategy mirrors the purported investment 
vehicle offered by the Principal Conspirators at the center of the Ponzi scheme. 
100. 
In fact, the Confidential Offering Memorandum specifically references the Principal 
Conspirators averring that "[o]nce a structure of formal documentation was put in place and an 
exclusive relationship established with Rothstein", the General Partner was able to achieve a 
large ramp up in business volume ...." 
"The purchase price for the purchased settlement will represent a discount from the aggregate amount 
of payments to be received, typically 15% to 30% and the amount of the discount will represent the [] 
gross income on the transaction." 
The Confidential Offering Memorandum acknowledges that Banyon and Levin purchase "non-tort 
labor and employment settlements from plaintiffs which are not identified but who are represented by 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler". 
Page 38 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726745
--- PAGE 39 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
101. 
As proof of BIF's "large ramp up in business volume" and astounding financial 
returns, the Confidential Offering Memorandum incorporates an unqualified audited opinion and 
financial statement prepared by Berenfeld, purportedly verifying, inter alia, that: 
a. 
Levin, by and through Banyon affiliated companies, was doing as much as 
$75,000,000.00 in business a month with Rothstein; 
b. 
Through March 2009, Banyon affiliated companies purchased over $1.1 
billion dollars worth of legal settlements from Rothstein for a cost of 
$657,000,000.00; 
c. 
By the end of March 2009, the Banyon affiliated companies had realized 
over $531,000,000.00 in returns; and 
d. 
Banyon 
affiliated 
companies 
listed 
receivables 
in 
excess of 
$559,000,000.00 from pending settlements investments. 
102. 
Significantly, the Confidential Offering Memorandum affirmed that BIF would 
receive confirmation, prior to closing, verifying that the putative defendant had wire transferred the 
entire settlement proceeds into RBA's escrow account through an independent third party. 
103. 
BIF's Confidential Offering Memorandum offers a glimpse into window of the 
Principal Conspirators' operations, as all or substantially all of BIF's assets were funneled 
directly into the Principal Conspirators' scheme helping feed the Ponzi's voracious appetite for 
capital which powered the perpetuation of this fraud. 
Page 39 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726746
--- PAGE 40 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
1. The Banyon Investors 
104. 
In the spring of 2009, Barry Bekkedam, an unabashed promoter of BIF,14 came to 
South Florida from Pennsylvania to first meet with Doug Von Allmen and discuss D&L Partners 
and Dynasty Trust's participation in BIF. 
105. 
During that discussion, Mr. Von Allmen learned from Bekkedam that BIF was 
started by Levin, a professed mentor and confidant of Rothstein, and that the legal settlements 
being purchased were the product of an exclusive arrangement negotiated between Rothstein and 
Levin on behalf of BIF. 
106. 
Mr. Von Allmen was told by Bekkedam that Levin was personally worth in 
excess of $400,000,000.00 and would personally guarantee each of the settlements being 
purchased. 
107. 
Additionally, Bekkedam told Mr. Von Allmen that the settlements being 
purchased were already fully pre-funded and held in escrow in RRA's trust accounts, that a "Big 
Four" auditing firm would verify financials quarterly, that Ballamor had continuous access to 
the trust account balances, and that Ballamor would oversee Banyon's hiring of an independent 
On May 15, 2009, while serving as a panelist at a financial conference in Las Vegas Nevada, 
Bekkedam professed to have identified a niche financing opportunity purchasing legal settlements. 
Bekkedam stated that he negotiated a 15% current cash return on the $100,000,000.00 of outside money 
raised which was further secured by a personal guaranty from the entrepreneur who already had 
$500,000,000.00 of his own money invested. Strikingly, Bekkedam claimed to be the driving force 
behind the fund's [BIF] origination declaring that "literally he [the entrepreneur] didn't even understand 
that the fund structure was out there. We put him in the fund business basically." 
IS Bekkedam misrepresented this fact as it turns out that the auditing firm was Berenfeld which is 
decidedly not one of the referenced "Big Four" firms and belied by the audit opinion contained within the 
Confidential Offering Memomadum. 
Page 40 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726747
--- PAGE 41 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
verifier to monitor and confirm the entire settlement transaction and funding. Each of these 
representations made, and ultimately relied upon herein, was intended to induce an investment. 
108. 
Finally, Mr. Von Allmen was told by Bekkedam that it would take two signatures 
to move the money, one of which would be someone from BIF. 
109. 
Shortly thereafter, Bekkedam, provided Mr. Von Allmen with a Confidential 
Settlement Funding memorandum dated April 21, 2009, which corroborated Bekkedam's pitch 
and spelled out in greater detail the "Due Diligence Undertaken" by Ballamor and Bekkedam. 
See Confidential Settlement Funding memorandum dated April 21, 2009, a copy of which is 
attached hereto and incorporated herein as Composite Exhibit "B." Significantly, the Confidential 
Settlement Funding memorandum emphasized that a Ballamor / Banyon 
representative has had the opportunity to visit and speak with 
a senior banking officer at a local branch of the financial 
institution [TD Bank] to ask questions and confirm current 
trust account balances, including confirming written bank 
statements provided from the bank with balances shown 
through on-line access. 
The representative has had the 
opportunity to speak with another independent representative 
[Szafranski] performing services for another purchaser. 
110. 
Bekkedam acted as a sub-feeder on behalf of Banyon, using the Confidential 
Offering Memorandum to either make or bolster his representations about the veracity and low 
risk nature of the investment. 
III. 
Bekkedam persisted in his pursuit of inducing Mr. Von Allmen's investment, 
going as far as purchasing a dinner aboard Mr. Von Allmen's boat at a charity auction and 
inviting Rothstein and Levin, along with their wives, to attend as his guests. The dinner was held 
on April 4, 2009, which was the first time Mr. Von Allmen met Levin. 
Page 41 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726748
--- PAGE 42 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
112. 
By late April 2009, Bekkedam's perseverance paid off as his successful pitch to 
Mr. Von Allmen's personal banker at Bank of America was the final hurdle in securing Mr. Von 
Allmen's financial commitment. 
113. 
In reliance on these aforementioned representations by Bekkedam, on or about 
May 4, 2009, Mr. Von Allmen (through D&L Partners) and his wife Linda Von Allmen (through 
Dynasty Trust) first wired funds to BIF. Approximately one month later, Mr. Von Allmen's son 
and daughter-in-law, David and Ann Von Allmen (through the DVA Trust and AVA Trust), and his 
step-son, Dean ICretschmar, predicated on these same representations as to the security and 
verification processes, funded investments into BIF as directed by Ballamor and Bekkedam. For 
ease of reference, these parties are hereinafter collectively referred to as "the Banyon Investors." 
114. 
Logistically, the Banyon Investors were Limited Partners in BIF while Banyon 
1030-32, served as the General Partner and Levin as the Managing Partner. 
115. 
Notably, at no time during his courtship of Mr. Von Allmen, did Bekkedam 
disclose his indebtedness to Levin for the more than one million dollars provided to underwrite 
Ballamor's $1.8 billion dollar expansion earlier in 2009, nor did Bekkedam reveal his quid pro 
quo procurement of Levin's $5,000,000.00 investment of a planned $18,000,000.00 in Nova 
Bank (aka Nova Financial Holdings, Inc.) where Bekkedam served as Chairman. 
116. 
Prior to investing, each Banyon Investor received the aforementioned Confidential 
Offering Memorandum describing the terms and conditions of the investment structure in greater 
detail. 
117. 
As previously stated, the Confidential Offering Memorandum provided that a receipt 
of the putative defendant's wire transfer of the full settlement proceeds into RBA's trust account 
Page 42 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726749
--- PAGE 43 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
would be verified by an independent third party. That purportedly independent verifier turned out 
to be Michael Szafranski. 
118. 
Additionally, the Banyon Investors were assured that in cooperation with TD Bank 
executives (which turned out to be Spinosa, Kerstetter, and Caretsky), that BIF's third-party verifier 
would have online access to banking records for each deposit account and admission into all records 
related to the purchased settlements and settlement trust accounts. 
119. 
Furthermore, the Memorandum states that while "Ballamor will receive no 
compensation for its participation or investment recommendation . . . George Levin has an 
agreement in principle with Ballamor and its principal, Bany R. Bekkedam, with respect to an 
equity investment in Ballamor by Mr. Levin and a loan to Mr. Bekkedam, the final terms of 
which have not been determined."16
120. 
Michael Szafranski, president of Onyx Capital Management, and as agent for the 
Banyon Investors was designated the independent third-party verifier of deals procured by Banyon 
1030-32 and BIF. Prior to and during the course of his investigation, Szafranski obtained numerous 
documents demonstrative TD Bank's involvement as the RRA escrow agent bank. 
121. 
Rosanne Caretsky, an assistant branch manager with Commerce Bank,17 was the 
source for the following documents obtained by Szafranski: 
a. 
October 29, 2008, letter signed by Caretsky enclosing three trust/escrow 
account statements for RRA: 
In fact, this was a decidedly false assurance, as we now know that, at the time the Memorandum was 
issued, Ballamor and Mr. Bekkedam had already received $1,000,000.00 "loan" from Levin for their 
involvement in this Ponzi scheme, along with $5,000,000.00 of a promised $18,000,000.00 of investment 
through Ballamor into Nova Bank, a Pennsylvania financial institution where Bekkedam served as the 
Chairman. 
Commerce Bank was a predecessor in interest to TD Bank as a result of March 2008 purchase. 
Page 43 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726750
--- PAGE 44 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
i. 
account number 6860291258 containing $166,922,339.00; 
ii. 
account number 6860423489 containing $40,125,685.44; and 
iii. 
account number 6860420923 containing $348,229,463.21. 
b. 
These three statements purportedly show a total of $555,277,487.65 in 
available funds in the corresponding accounts. 
c. 
April 17, 2009, letter signed by Caretsky as a TD Bank Assistant Vice 
President, enclosing RRA trust/escrow account statements for: 
i. 
account number 6860423489 showing a balance of $61,117,111; 
ii. 
account statement for account number 6860755104 showing a 
balance of $80,978,935.31; 
iii. 
account statement for account number 6860699146 showing a 
balance of $136,122,322.87; 
iv. 
account statement for account number 6860291258 showing a 
balance of $198,644,311.13; and 
v. 
account statement for account number 6860420923 showing a 
balance of $483,668,999.39. 
d. 
These five statements purportedly show a total of $960,531,679.70 in 
available funds in the corresponding accounts. 
122. 
All totaled, the eight account statements provided by Caretsky purported to represent 
$1,515,809,167.35 in available funds in the RRA trust/escrow accounts. 
123. 
Jennifer Kerstetter, an assistant manager for TD Bank, was the source for the 
following documents obtained by Szafranski: 
Page 44 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726751
--- PAGE 45 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
a. 
March 20, 2009, letter signed by Kerstetter enclosing RRA trust/escrow 
account statements for: 
i. 
account number 6860699146 showing a balance of $104,211,711.22; 
ii. 
account number 6860420923 showing a balance of $368,333,133.20; 
and 
iii. 
account number 6860291258 showing a balance of $110,331,563.13. 
b. 
These three statements purportedly show $582,876,407.55 in available funds 
in the corresponding accounts 
c. 
July 13, 2009, letter signed by Kerstetter from TD Bank enclosing RRA 
trust/escrow account statement for account number 6861077193 showing a 
balance of $14,286,000.00. 
124. 
All totaled, the four account statements provided by Kerstetter purported to 
represents $597,162,407.55 in available funds in the RRA trust/escrow accounts. 
125. 
Additionally, Szafranski obtained the following documents originated from TD 
Bank: 
a. 
June 22, 2009, Commerce Bank wire transfer to RRA trust/escrow account 
ending x-0923 in the amount of $1,957,500.00 and purporting to be a funded 
settlement; 
b. 
June 22, 2009, Commerce Bank wire transfer to RRA trust/escrow account 
ending x-0923 in the amount of $2,680,000.00 and purporting to be a funded 
settlement; 
c. 
June 22, 2009, Commerce Bank wire transfer to RRA trust/escrow account 
Page 45 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726752
--- PAGE 46 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
ending x-0923 in the amount of $695,000.00 and purporting to be a funded 
settlement; 
d. 
June 30, 2009, Commerce Bank wire transfer to RRA trust/escrow account 
ending x-0923 in the amount of $2,208,000.00 and purporting to be a funded 
settlement; 
e. 
July 1, 2009, Commerce Bank wire transfer to RRA trust/escrow account 
ending x-0923 in the amount of $6,072,000.00 and purporting to be a funded 
settlement; and 
f. 
July 17, 2009, TD Bank wire transfer to RRA trust/escrow account ending x-
0923 in the amount of $22,348,221.00 and purporting to be a funded 
settlement. 
126. 
All totaled, the aforementioned Commerce and TD Bank wire transfer statements 
represented $35,960,721.00 worth of deposits into the RRA trust/escrow account ending in number 
x-0923 between June 22, 2009, and July 17, 2009. 
127. 
In reliance on the foregoing, as allegedly confirmed by Szafranski, the Banyon 
Investors collectively invested $60,550,000.00 into BIF and into the Ponzi scheme. 
2. Clockwork Capital Advisors, LLC 
128. 
The Von Allmen family investments breathed new life into BIF and, on the heels of 
his success in securing these funds, Bekkedam continued pursuit of additional investment funds. 
129. 
In early summer of 2009, Ballamor's Managing Director Al Rapetti put Bekkedam 
in touch with Abraxac Discala (hereinafter, "Discala"), who was portrayed as a potential investor 
source with access to high-net worth individuals and Hollywood celebrities. 
Page 46 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726753
--- PAGE 47 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
130. 
After a few initial conversations and an informal meeting in Florida, Bekkedam 
invited Discala to Ballamor's headquarters in Pennsylvania. 
131. 
Over the course of many discussions, Discala learned from Bekkedam about the 
inner workings of BIF and about the confidential settlements being purchased. 
132. 
As a backdrop, Bekkedam described the close personal relationship shared between 
Rothstein and Levin which explained how BIF was able to secure the purported exclusive right to 
purchase RRA's entire pipeline of confidential settlements. 
133. 
Additionally, Bekkedam detailed how RRA's successful marketing efforts, via 
strategically placed "800" numbers and network of nationwide referrals, swelled the firm's pipeline 
of settlements to a critical mass. Bekkedam even pointed to Berenfeld's audited accounting 
financial statements as proof substantiating SW's monthly purchases of between $50,000,000.00 - 
$75,000,000.00 of settlements a month. 
134. 
BIF's problem was that the current pace of funding was unsustainable as RRA's 
seemingly insatiable capital demands exhausted Banyon's financial wherewithal. As a result, BIF 
was in danger of creating rolling monthly shortfalls which would inevitably crater BIF's exclusivity 
deal. 
135. 
Bekkedam believed that with Discala's help in promoting BIF the monthly deficit 
could be bridged and, to bolster his confidence, brought Levin and Preve into the discussion to 
augment this point. 
136. 
In essence, Discala was being positioned as a "white knight" capable of riding in to 
save BIF and make a lot of money for himself and his investors along the way. 
Page 47 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726754
--- PAGE 48 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
137. 
When, in approximately August or September, 2009, the conversations turned to 
solidifying his involvement, Discala balked at the opportunity to work directly for Ballamor, 
deeming the proposed remuneration inadequate. 
138. 
The conversation quickly transitioned to the idea of Discala taking over fund 
raising responsibilities from BIF by creating his own investment fund which would absorb BIF and 
provide Discala the opportunity to raise capital under more financially lucrative terms. In principal, 
this idea would not only benefit Discala, but would also permit Levin to significantly reduce (if not 
eliminate) his personal investment, allow him to eliminate his personal guaranty, and ensure that he 
could step away from the thy-to-thy stresses and responsibilities of raising capital. 
139. 
These discussions led Discala to incorporate Clockwork Capital Advisors, LW 
("hereinafter, Clockwork"), with an eye towards planning for the creation of a Clockwork fund. 
140. 
On September 8, 2009, Discala and Levin memorialized their understandings by 
executing a Letter of Intent (hereinafter, "LOI") prepared by Ballamor's General Counsel Lawrence 
Rovin, Esq., outlining 'The proposed terms and conditions for a new facility to provide funding for 
the business currently being conducted" by BIF and its affiliates. 
141. 
Specifically, the LOI details the mechanics for rolling BIF into the to-be-formed 
Clockwork fund,I9 describes the transition of primary money raising responsibility to 
Clockwork, and offers insight into Levin's expedited financial exit.19
At closing, Clockwork will "take responsibility of the administration of the purchase, funding and 
collection of Settlements on behalf of Newco...  [and] will also assume administration of the collection 
of pre-existing BIF Settlements." 
Following the closing, Clockwork agrees to "fund by way of loans . . at least 50%, but at Levin's 
option up to 90% of the Settlement Price of Approved Settlements, with Newco funding the balance" on 
the first $500,000,000.00 raised by Clockwork and, thereafter, to "fund 90% of the Settlement Price for 
Approved Settlements by way of loans . . . subject to the right of Newco to fund more than 10% of the 
Settlement Price using funds provided solely by Levin." 
Page 48 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726755
--- PAGE 49 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
142. 
The LOI also sets forth two noteworthy provisions, namely: (1) the creation of a 
new Levin-owned entity to serve as the "gatekeeper" for all settlements, allowing Levin to 
maintain control of all of the Principal Conspirators' deals20; and (2) a requirement that Levin 
provide the start-up funding and requisite legal fees necessary to launch the Clockwork fund 21 
These two provisions were put in place to ensure that Levin and Preve continue to "control" the 
settlement distribution process and effectively insulate the Principal Conspirators from direct 
investor involvement. 
143. 
On September 16, 2009, pursuant to the terms of the LOI, Levin wired Discala 
$125,000.00 to help get Clockwork off its feet and to hire the Clifford Chance, LLP law firm 
needed to prepare Clockwork's private placement memorandum. 
144. 
Notwithstanding, settlement purchase opportunities came along during the time that 
Clockwork was still in formation and not yet fully operational. The Principal Conspirator's 
insatiable demand for fresh Ponzi capital lured Discala to begin raising capital for both the 
Razorback and D3 deals, discussed in detail in Section VII, A.3-4 below. In so doing, Discala 
shared the information he obtained in being recruited to help form Clockwork with the investors 
who eventually funded both Razorback and D3 deals. For Douglas Von Allmen, a major investor in 
both Razorback and D3, this information further buttressed the representations previously made to 
That any purchase of the Principal Conspirators' confidential settlements "will be conducted 
exclusively" through "[a] new special purpose entity domiciled in the U.S. Virgin Islands [which] will be 
created, owned and controlled by Levin". 
Finally, "[t]o cover the costs and expenses of creating and documenting Clockwork fund and other 
costs incidental to concluding the transactions contemplated herein, Clockwork shall receive a $750,000 
commitment fee payable as follows: (1) $125,000 upon execution of this letter of intent; (2) $250,000 
upon funding the first $100 million in Loans; (3) $250,000 upon funding the next $100 million in Loans; 
and (4) $125,000 upon funding the next $100 million in Loans." 
Page 49 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726756
--- PAGE 50 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
him by Bekkedam and by and though Banyon's confidential offering memorandum and 
incorporated audited financials. 
3. Razorback Funding, LLC 
145. 
Razorback was formed September 24, 2009, for purposes of investing in two 
RRA settlements: (1) a $40,600,000.00 structured settlement, payable in four equal monthly 
installments, offered in exchange for a lump sum payment of $23,200,000.00; and (2) a 
$26,100,000.00 structured settlement, payable in three equal monthly installments, offered in 
exchange for a lump sum payment of $17,400,000.00. 
146. 
In particular, the deal was structured so Razorback would fund $32,000,000.00 
towards the purchase of these settlements by means of a loan to Banyon USVI, LLC. Banyon 
USVI in turn would contribute $8,600,000.00 to purchase the settlement proceeds from the 
Principal Conspirators. 
147. 
On October 1, 2009, Szafranski, who, in addition to acting as the independent 
verifier for Banyon, was utilized as the independent reviewer for Razorback, met with Rothstein to 
review and verify all of the documents supporting the Razorback deal. In that meeting, Szafranski 
purportedly witnessed Rothstein sign on to the TD Bank on-line banking website and verified that 
all of the wire transfers for the underlying Razorback settlement deals had been received by RRA 
and were held in RRA's escrow account ending in x-I356. 
Page 50 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726757
--- PAGE 51 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
148. 
Szafranski also verified that a "lock letter" signed by Spinosa,22 in his capacity as 
Regional Vice President of TD Bank and dated October 1, 2009, had been received. That letter 
stated: 
Pursuant to your written instructions to us of September 30, 
2009, please be advised that all funds contained in the above 
referenced account shall only be distributed upon your or 
Stuart Rosenfeldt's instruction and shall only be distributed 
to Banyon USVI (Del), LLV, c/o Razorback Funding, LLC, 
Debt Sc. Equity Re-Payment Account: TD Bank, NA, 319 
Glen Head Road, Old Brookville, NY, ABA: 026013673, 
Account # 4244986191. Your letter is understood not to 
convey ownership of the account or access to the account to 
any other party, but rather is meant to irrevocably restrict 
conveyances as follows: conveyances shall only be made 
from the account referenced above to the Banyon USVI 
account. 
See October 1, 2009 letter which is attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit "C." 
149. 
The "above referenced account" mentioned in Razorback's lock letter had the 
account number: 4245221356. 
150. 
Spinosa e-mailed the "lock letter" to Rothstein earlier that day with a message 
stating that at Rothstein's "request and instructions, this account [RRA's trust account] has been 
irrevocably locked as to destination of all disbursements [which was Razorback's account, also at 
TD Bank]. The letter confirming same is attached. Please do not deposit any funds into this 
account that are not soley (sic) to be directed to the entity set forth in the irrevocable instruction." 
151. 
On October I, 2009, Razorback received copies of two TD Bank wire transfer 
statements from Preve, a Banyon USVI representative, demonstrating that a total of $66,700,000.00 
Additionally, as part of its due diligence, Razorback, on or about September 18, 2009, obtained a copy 
of another TD Bank "lock letter" that was signed by Spinosa in a prior deal. The lock letter indicates that 
TD Bank had been irrevocably instructed to pay the fund identified in a particular RRA trust account only 
to the investor's bank account. 
Page 51 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726758
--- PAGE 52 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
(the full settlement funding being purchased) had been received by RRA in its escrow account at 
TD Bank, account number 4245221356 which is the same account reference in the 
aforementioned TD Bank irrevocable lock letter. A copy of the October 1, 2009, TD Bank wire 
transfer statement is attached hereto and incorporated herein as Composite Exhibit "D." 
152. 
On the same day, Preve forwarded Razorback an email from Rothstein providing: 
(1) confirmation of Preve's purported $8,000,000.00 wire into RRA's trust account; and (2) that 
no disbursement on the deal would be made until he received the $32,000,000.00 from 
Razorback. 
153. 
On October 3, 2009, Razorback received confirmation from Spinosa's assistant that 
she prepared the lock letter and witnessed Spinosa signing it. 
154. 
On October 7, 2009, Razorback received an e-mail from Preve which contained an 
on-line screen shot of an RRA trust account at TD Bank indicating a balance of $66,700,000.00 in 
the account ending in number x-1356. A copy of the TD Bank account screen shot is attached 
hereto as Exhibit "E." 
155. 
On October 22, 2009, Szafranski met again with Rothstein and verified that all of the 
putative plaintiffs in the Razorback deals received their disbursements by reviewing TD Bank's on-
line banking website. 
156. 
In late September 2009, Clifford Chance LLP a large national law firm retained by 
Clockwork, meet with Rothstein for two days to perform due diligence on the Razorback deal. 
During the course of the in-depth interview and discussion, lawyers for Clifford Chance achieved a 
greater understanding of settlement deal flow and verification process and eventually recommended 
and endorsed investor funding into Razorback. 
Page 52 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726759
--- PAGE 53 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
157. 
In reliance on the foregoing, Razorback transferred the sum of $32,000,000.00 to 
RRA's trust account. 
158. 
As it turns out, account number 4245221356 never contained the funds represented 
in the wire transfer statements or on the online screenshot of that account at TD Bank. 
4. D3 Capital Club, LLC 
159. 
The Principal Conspirator's frenzied demand for the required capital necessary to 
keep the Ponzi going coupled with the identification of an exuberant new funding source provided 
the conspirators a perfect opportunity to secure funding. Accordingly, the Principal Conspirator's 
concocted a new settlement "opportunity" premised upon the Jeffrey Epstein case referenced supra. 
160. 
D3 was formed October 4, 2009, for purposes of investing in a $30,000,000.00 
RRA structured settlement, payable in six equal monthly installments of $5,000,000.00, offered 
in exchange for $18,000,000.00. 
161. 
A D3 representative, who was also a representative of Razorback's management 
team, along with Douglas and David Von Allmen as investors, had knowledge of and relied upon 
the contacts and representations made by TD Bank in connection with the Razorback transaction. 
162. 
On or about October 15, 2009, as part of its due diligence, D3 obtained a copy of a 
TD Bank "lock letter" signed by Spinosa stating the following: 
Pursuant to your written instructions to us of October 14, 2009, 
please be advised that all funds contained in the above referenced 
account shall only be distributed upon your or Stuart Rosenfeldt's 
instruction and shall only be distributed to D3 Capital Club, LLC, 
2833 NE 35th Court, Fort Lauderdale, FL, 33308, TD Bank NA, 
Account # 4245728568. 
Your letter is understood not to convey ownership of the account or 
access to the account to any other party, but rather is meant to 
irrevocably restrict conveyances as follows: conveyances shall only 
Page 53 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726760
--- PAGE 54 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
be made from the account referenced above to the TD bank account 
# 4245728568 belonging to D3 Capital Club, LLC. 
See October 15, 2009, lock letter attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit "F." 
163. 
The "above referenced account" mentioned in the lock letter had the account 
number: 4246051629. 
164. 
On October 15, 2009, Spinosa signed another letter enclosing a copy of RRA's trust 
account bank statement for account number 4246051629. The account statement that Spinosa 
enclosed showed a balance in excess of $30,000,000.00 as of October 14, 2009. 
165. 
Furthermore, on October 15, 2009, Kerstetter drafted a letter to RRA enclosing a 
copy of RRA's trust account bank statement for the D3 settlement showing a balance in excess of 
$30,000,000.00 in account number 4246051629 as of October 14, 2009.23 
This letter was 
personally delivered by Kerstetter to Rothstein and immediately handed to the D3 representative in 
everyone's presence while inside the TD Bank Fort Lauderdale branch. Later that day, Kerstetter 
met again with that same D3 representative in order to sign the paperwork to open a D3 account at 
TD Bank. 
166. 
On October 16, 2009, and again on October 19, 2009, a D3 representative sent e-
mails to Spinosa and Kerstetter advising that D3 had opened its account for purposes of doing 
business with RRA and asked about the mechanics of the irrevocable lock letter that D3 had 
obtained regarding account number 4246051629. 
The TD Bank statement balance was for $64,000,000.00 which purportedly represented the putative 
defendant's settlement funding for two putative plaintiff both of which were to be purchased by D3 in two 
transactions: D3 ($30,000,000.00) and D3-1 ($34,000,000.00). 
Page 54 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726761
--- PAGE 55 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
167. 
Spinosa responded to the October 19, 2009 e-mail with a phone call to the D3 
representative and while Spinosa acknowledged signing the lock letter he refused to provide any 
other details about the general procedures for how the irrevocable lock letter works. 
168. 
On October 19, 2009, Szafranski, as the hired agent independent verifier for D3, met 
with Rothstein and confirmed that the sum of $30,000,000.00 was wired from the putative 
defendant into the locked RRA escrow account ending 4246051629. A copy of the October 19, 
2009 email is attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit "G." 
169. 
Additionally, in early October 2009, Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP a large national 
law firm retained by Clockwork, met with Rothstein at RRA to perform due diligence on the D3 
deal. During the course of the in-depth interview and discussion, Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP 
achieved a greater understanding of settlement deal flow and verification process which allowed 
them to approve investor funding for the D3 deal. 
170. 
In reliance on the foregoing, D3 transferred the sum of $13,500,000.00 to RRA's 
trust account. 
171. 
As it turns out, RRA's escrow account number 4246051629 never contained the 
funds represented in the account statements provided by Spinosa and Kerstetter. 
5. Cooper Management 
172. 
Cooper Management, by and through its owner and operator Hilary Musser 
(hereinafter, "Musser"), was introduced to BIF by Musser's financial advisor, Bekkedam. 
173. 
Bekkedam, in an effort to persuade Cooper Management's investment, repeatedly 
assured Musser that the BIF opportunity represented the highest return with lowest possible risk 
of any venture that he had ever handled. As Bekkedam explained, the money being purchased at 
Page 55 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726762
--- PAGE 56 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
a lump sum discount was already pre-funded by the putative defendant prior to investing and 
held in a protected escrow account by the putative plaintiff's attorney and, thus, was almost 
essentially free of risk. Further, Musser was told that the escrow account had a dual signature 
requirement for any withdrawals, one of which was always a Banyon representative. 
174. 
Bekkedam further represented to Musser that all pre-funded monies were held in 
trust/escrow accounts at TD Bank. Bekkedam assured Musser that he had access to these 
trust/escrow accounts allowing him to monitor transactions on a daily basis and verify that the 
the amounts claimed were actually held in trust in those accounts. 
In making such 
representations, and to further induce Musser, Bekkedam promised that he would pay Musser 
back if the investment with Banyon failed. 
175. 
On or about July 29, 2009, in an effort to bolster his oral representations, 
Bekkedam provided Musser with BIF's Confidential Offering Memorandum and incorporated 
Berenfeld audited financials. 
176. 
The representations in the Confidential Offering Memorandum, consistent with 
the representations made to the other BIF investors referenced supra, offered her a limited 
partnership opportunity with a guaranteed rate of return of 15%. 
177. 
As a final inducement into the Ponzi, Bekkedam promised Musser that her entire 
investment would be personally guaranteed by Levin whom Bekkedam represented as an 
extremely wealthy individual worth more than four hundred million dollars ($400,000,000.00) 
and who had invested substantial amounts of his own money into the purchase of these 
confidential settlements. 
Bekkedam assured Musser that Levin was "guaranteeing the 
investment dollar for dollar—cash in the bank." 
Page 56 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726763
--- PAGE 57 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
178. 
Based on the representations of Bekkedam, the Confidential Offering 
Memorandum, and Levin's executed personal guaranty, Cooper Management wired $900,000.00 
into BIF on August 4, 2009. After Cooper Management's initial wire transfer, Bekkedam 
attempted to convince Musser to invest additional funds into BIF and persuaded her to convince 
her wealthy friends to do the same. 
6. Paley Family Investors 
179. 
Edward Paley, Florence Paley, the Edward and Florence Paley Foundation, 
Steven Paley, Laura Paley, Jane Zaretsky, and the Jane Zaretsky Dynasty Trust (collectively 
referred to herein as the "Paley Family Investors"), first learned of BIF by and through their 
financial advisor Bekkedam. 
180. 
For more then eight years, Bekkedam served as the Paley Family Investors 
financial advisor. Over the course of that representation, the family routinely emphasized their 
investment goals of capital preservation and modest growth. The Paley Family Investors' 
approach to investing never waivered over that period as the family implicitly trusted Bekkedam 
to only recommend opportunities consistent with this strategy. Bekkedam reiterated that he 
understood the Paley Family Investors' needs and that they "should be flying at 35,000 feet" as 
he "was the guy that should be worrying in the trenches." 
181. 
On or about May of 2009, Bekkedam approached the Paley Family to discuss 
investment into BIF. Bekkedam began by telling the story of how this billionaire investor 
(Levin) founded BIF after securing the exclusive opportunity with a law firm (RRA) to purchase 
the rights to structured settlement proceeds at lump sum discounted rates. 
Page 57 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726764
--- PAGE 58 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
182. 
Bekkedam continued by emphasizing the safety of the BIF investment explaining 
that all settlements were pre-funded prior to investment and held in the law firm's trust/escrow 
account. 
With these protections in place, Bekkedam proclaimed that almost all risk of 
investment loss was eliminated. Bekkedam went as far as to tout BIF as "absolutely safe and a 
no-brainer" assuring the family that this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity represents "the highest 
return with lowest risk" of any investment he had ever seen. 
183. 
Furthermore, Bekkedam represented to the Paley Family Investors: (1) that BIF 
was paying 15% interest though 2010 and 12% interest thereafter; (2) that the trust/escrow 
account holding the pre-funded settlement proceeds had a dual signature requirement for any 
withdrawals, one of which was always a BIF representative; (3) that Bekkedam and Ballamor 
thoroughly vetted the entire investment process; (4) that BIF's profitable financial track record 
was supported by audited financials and that a "Big Four" auditing firm would verify financials 
quarterly; (5) that Ballamor had continuous access to the trust account balances, and would 
oversee the third-party verifier to authenticate that the settlement proceeds were completely 
funded and locked in a designated trust/escrow account; and (6) that Levin would personal 
guaranty each limited partners entire investment.24
184. 
Bekkedam repeatedly assured the Paley Family Investors that he always had their 
best interest at heart and guaranteed that he would never put them in jeopardy because he 
considered them family. Moreover, Bekkedam in a final effort to induce the Paley Family 
Investors investment proclaimed that all Banyon investor were insured by a crime-fraud policy 
Bekkedam represented that Levin was an extremely wealthy individual and had invested one hundred 
and twenty five million dollars ($125,000,000.00) of his own money into the purchase of these 
settlements. 
Page 58 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726765
--- PAGE 59 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
for which he unequivocally stated that the family would be "crazy" not to invest because their 
money would be "one-hundred percent secure." 
185. 
Shortly thereafter, to corroborate Bekkedam's oral representations about the 
veracity and low risk nature of the investment, Bekkedam provided the Paley Family Investors 
with BIF's Confidential Offering Memorandum and incorporated Banyon financials audited by 
Berenfeld discussed infra. Each Paley Family Investor received the aforementioned Confidential 
Offering Memorandum and related subscription documentation prior to funding. 
186. 
The next time Bekkedam met with the Paley Family Investors in July of 2009, he 
again focused his pitch on BIF. Bekkedam advised that he had personally completed the 
substantial due diligence highlighted in the Confidential Offering Memorandum and 
unequivocally stressed that the BIF opportunity perfectly matched the Paley Family Investors 
investment strategy. During the ensuing discussion, Bekkedam pointed out that all settlement 
funds were held in a TD Bank trust/escrow account and that he had seen first-hand the firm's 
large trust fund balances. Bekkedam stated that, "there's a TD Bank on every corner, if it's not 
safe at TD Bank where would it be safe, they have billions of dollars in assets." Finally, 
Bekkedam closed with an emphatic plea that this was a "can't miss" investment and that the 
Paley Family Investors simply could not afford to sit on the sidelines and pass up the opportunity 
to significantly enhance their investment portfolio. 
187. 
In reliance in part on Bekkedam's representations, the Confidential Offering 
Memorandum, and the purported due diligence and verification procedures in place, the Paley 
Family Investors invested the following funds into BIF: 
a. 
June 8, 2009 - $100,000.00 from The Jane Zaretsky Dynasty Trust; 
Page 59 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726766
--- PAGE 60 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
b. 
August 26, 2009 - $100,000.00 from The Edward & Florence Paley 
Foundation; 
c. 
August 27, 2009 - $1,500,000.00 from Steven & Laura Paley; 
d. 
September 1, 2009 - $500,000.00 from Edward Paley; 
e. 
September 1, 2009 - $500,000.00 from Florence Paley; 
f. 
September 10, 2009 - $50,000.00 from Jane Zaretsky; and 
g. 
October 29, 2009 - $500,000.00 from Steven & Laura Paley 
188. 
All told, the Paley Family Investor invested $3,250,000.00 into Rothstein's Ponzi 
scheme. 
B. 
Plaintiffs Induced by Other "Feeders" 
189. 
The Ponzi scheme did not survive on only one "feeder fund." Similar to Banyon 
and Bekkedam, co-conspirators Michael Szafranski and Richard Pearson, by and through their 
respective feeder entities, brought new money and new victims to Rothstein's doorstep. The 
following Plaintiffs became ensnared in Rothstein's Ponzi scheme by the misrepresentations of 
such feeder funds. 
1. The Mussry Plaintiffs (Induced by Szafranski) 
190. 
Adele Mussry and Szafranski became close friends while working together in 
New York several years ago. 
191. 
On or about February 2009, Adele Mussry learned of the confidential settlement 
deals from Szafranski. Szafranski explained that the settlements being purchased involved pre-
suit, sexual harassment claims brought by female employees who wanted to quickly leave town 
and could not wait for months of scheduled payments. Szafranski assured Adele Mussry that 
Page 60 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726767
--- PAGE 61 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
many of the cases he verified first-hand and that the opportunity was too good to pass up. This, 
according to Szafranski, was where the investors came in. Investors would front the money and, 
in return, receive their principal and interest in monthly installments. 
192. 
Szafranski told Adele and Jack Mussry that all the cases were legitimate and that 
he had been involved with Rothstein for a long time. He represented that he personally 
accompanied Rothstein to TD Bank to verify that the putative defendants' money was in RRA's 
escrow account and that he was able to confirm same either through logging on to TD Bank's 
website or through TD Bank tellers. Szafranski explained that they would not be asked to wire 
any money unless and until the putative defendants' money from the settlements was wired into 
the RRA escrow account. 
193. 
In response to Adele Mussry's concerns over certain risks, Szafranski repeatedly 
told her that the investments were 100% safe and that if something was not right he would know 
about it. The primary reason the Mussrys decided to invest the majority of their life savings was 
because of Adele Mussry's trust in Szafranski. 
194. 
Based upon Szafranski's representations, Jack and Adele Mussry invested in 
several settlements through ABS on the following dates: 
a. 
b. 
c. 
d. 
e. 
f. 
February 23, 2009: 
April 6, 2009: 
May 7, 2009: 
June 12, 2009: 
July 9, 2009: 
August 11, 2009: 
$100,000.00 
$50,000.00 
$75,000.00 
$150,000.00 
$125,000.00 
$165,000.00 
Page 61 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726768
--- PAGE 62 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
g. 
September 8, 2009: 
$200,000.00 
h. 
September 10, 2009: $50,000.00 
i. 
October 7, 2009: 
$110,000.00 
j. 
October 14, 2009: 
$125,000.00 
195. 
Jack and Adele Mussry invested a total of $1,150,000.00 into the Ponzi through 
Szafranski and ABS. 
196. 
Predictably, after the misguided appearance of early returns on investment, the 
Mussrys told close family members about their success with Szafranski. These individuals 
include Nassim Mussry (Jack's father), Melina El-Ani (Adele's mother), and Danielle El-Ani 
(Adele's sister). 
197. 
After learning all of the details from Jack and Adele Mussry, Nassim Mussry 
invested $100,000.00 with Szafranski and ABS on September 8, 2009. 
198. 
After learning all of the details from Jack and Adele Mussry, Melina El-Ani 
invested $60,000.00 with Szafranski and ABS on August 10, 2009, $40,000.00 on September 9, 
2009, and $45,900.00 on October 13, 2009. 
199. 
After learning all of the details from Jack and Adele Mussry, Danielle El-Ani 
invested $35,000.00 with Szafranski and ABS on October 6, 2010. 
200. 
For ease of reference, Jack Mussry, Adele Mussry, Nasim Mussry, Melina El-Ani, 
and Danielle El-Ani are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Mussry Family Investors. 
201. 
All told, the Mussry Family Investors invested $1,430,900.00 as a result of Adele 
Mussry's "close friend", Michael Szafranski's material misrepresentations and omissions. 
Page 62 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726769
--- PAGE 63 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
2. H&N Associates, Artez Associates, Park Capital, Park Mortgage 
(Induced by Szafranski) 
202. 
Harvey Wolinetz (hereinafter, "Wolinetz"), owner and officer of H&N 
Associates, Aretz Associates, Park Capital, and Park Mortgage (collectively "the Wolintez 
entities") first learned of the opportunity to purchase confidential settlements through Szafranski 
and ABS. Wolinetz was acquainted with Szafranski by virtue of being neighbors as well as 
members of the same religious congregation and, on or about early 2009 informally discussed 
what Szafranski was doing with Rothstein at RRA. 
203. 
On or about April or May 2009, Wolinetz was contacted by Natalie Turetsky, an 
agent of ABS, who informed Wolinetz about the specific investment opportunity regarding the 
purchase and assignment of confidential settlement proceeds. Turetsky explained in great detail 
how Szafranski was working closely with Rothstein and, as the verifier, was the only other 
person with direct access to look behind the confidentiality veil to verify that: (1) each of the 
putative plaintiffs and defendants were real; (2) TD Bank held the putative defendants' pre-
funded settlement money in an RRA escrow account; and (3) to confirm the veracity of all 
settlement and assignment documentation. 
204. 
On or about May of 2009, Wolinetz spoke with Szafranski who described the 
investment opportunity in similar detail. 
Ultimately, Szafranski gave Wolinetz multiple 
assurances that the confidential settlements being purchased were all real, that the investments 
had negligible risk, and that the opportunity was just too good to pass up. 
205. 
Both Szafranski and Turetsky provided the Wolinetz entities with various 
documents and spreadsheets to entice Wolinetz's investment into the Ponzi scheme. Szafranski 
agreed to prepare a Preferred Equity Agreement for each deal Wolinetz decided to invest in, 
Page 63 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726770
--- PAGE 64 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
spelling out the specific terms and providing explicit assurances that Szafranski would act as the 
verifier for each of the confidential settlements being purchased, as had been represented. 
206. 
Based upon Szafranski, Turetsky, and ABS's representations, Wolinetz made the 
following wire transfers to ABS through the Wolinetz entities: 
a. June 30, 2009 
$50,000.00 through Park Capital 
b. July 30, 2009 
$150,000.00 through Park Capital 
c. September 4, 2009 
$100,000.00 through H&N 
d. October 1, 2009 
$250,000.00 through Park Mortgage 
e. October 20, 2009 
$200,000.00 through Aretz 
207. 
Wolinetz invested, through the various Wolinetz entities, a total of $750,000.00 
into Rothstein's Ponzi scheme based upon the misrepresentations of Szafranski, Turetsky, and 
ABS. 
3. Scott Morgan (Induced by Szafranski) 
208. 
On or about June 2009, Morgan first learned of the RRA settlements from an 
investor and mutual acquaintance of Szafranski. 
209. 
Shortly thereafter, Szafranski's business partner and ABS agent, Matthew 
Turetsky, contacted Morgan. Matthew Turetsky informed Morgan that Szafranski was involved 
with the purchase and assignment of settlement proceeds acting as an independent verifier. In 
that role, Morgan was told that Szafranski went to the RRA offices to ensure that the putative 
plaintiff and putative defendant signed the settlement agreement, that the putative defendant's 
money was transferred to a trust/escrow account at TD Bank, and that once an assignment of 
settlement proceeds was executed, the money in RRA's trust/escrow account representing the 
Page 64 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726771
--- PAGE 65 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
full settlement proceed could only be distributed to the purchaser pursuant to the terms of the 
confidential settlement agreement schedule. Finally, over the course of a few discussions, 
Matthew Turetsky gave Morgan multiple assurances that the investment was extremely safe, had 
low risk and high reward, and that Szafranski verified that the parties, the settlements, and the 
pre-funded monies were all real. 
210. 
Based upon these ABS representations, in June 2009, Morgan invested 
$100,000.00 in to the Ponzi scheme. 
211. 
On or about August 2009, Morgan began speaking directly with Szafranski by 
telephone. Morgan requested that Szafranski show him prior deals that Szafranski had done. 
Citing confidentiality, Szafranski told Morgan that he could only show him the documents if 
Morgan came to see them in Florida. Szafranski did, however, tell Morgan that the settlements 
were related to government whistleblower cases, and that the returns were only so good because 
of the strict confidentiality requirement. 
212. 
In these telephone conversations, Szafranski continuously repeated that he was an 
independent verifier of these deals, which involved going to the law offices of RRA to make 
certain that the appropriate documents were properly signed, and confirming that the funds were 
transferred to RRA's TD Bank escrow account which could only be distributed to the purchasing 
investor(s). 
213. 
Based upon Szafranski's representations, Morgan invested, through ABS, in 
several settlements: 
a. 
July 24, 2009 
$100,000.00 
b. 
August 21, 2009 
$250,000.00 
Page 65 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726772
--- PAGE 66 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
c. 
September 21, 2009 $8,791.67 
214. 
Morgan invested a total of $358,791.67 into Rothstein's Ponzi scheme based 
upon the misrepresentations of Szafranski, Turetsky, and ABS. 
4. Viceroy Global Investments, Inc. (Induced by Pearson) 
215. 
Viceroy, by and through its principal Howard Solomon (hereinafter, "Solomon"), 
was introduced to the concept of purchasing confidential settlements via a conference call during 
the first week of August 2009. Solomon participated in the teleconference along with Rothstein, 
Boden, Pearson, Ali Raza, Nabil Rhazi (an employee of Pearson's), and others to preview the 
deal structure and discuss investment opportunities in purchasing these settlements. 
216. 
At some point during the conference call, Ali Raza confirmed to Solomon that she 
had worked with some of the purported defendants and plaintiffs. Based on certain affirmations 
and material representations made by Rothstein, Boden, and Pearson, Solomon decided to fly to 
Ft. Lauderdale to personally meet with Rothstein at the end of August 2009. 
217. 
However, prior to that meeting, Solomon first got together with Pearson who 
carefully went over the entire deal flow and document exchange. Pearson repeatedly mentioned 
that he had invested approximately $11,000,000.00 of his own money with Rothstein and that he 
had the right of first refusal to purchase any of the cases within the RRA settlement pipeline. 
Pearson provided specific assurances about the veracity of prior investment returns and 
legitimacy of the 
opportunity, 
even 
claiming 
that 
Big 
Four 
accounting 
firm 
PricewaterhouseCoopers spent up to three months auditing the entire settlement structure. 
218. 
As the discussion was concluding and prior to meeting with Rothstein, Pearson 
informed Solomon that because previous potential investors turned out to be just window 
Page 66 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726773
--- PAGE 67 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
shopping and wasted valuable resources, the Principal Conspirators now required any potential 
investor to wire earnest money into escrow before Rothstein would agree to meet in person. 
Solomon questioned this unusual requirement and asked for a written guaranty stating that he 
could get all of his money back if he decided against investing. Pearson responded that he would 
check with someone at RRA to address those concerns. A short time later, Pearson returned with 
Boden who handed Solomon a letter from RRA spelling out the relevant terms of the guaranty. 
Boden reiterated that if Solomon chose not to proceed with the transaction he would get 100% of 
his money back. Furthermore, Boden told Solomon that his money would be held in an RRA 
escrow account which, even if he decided to invest, could not be disturbed unless and until the 
full settlement proceeds were first received from the putative defendant. Solomon requested a 
few changes which Boden immediately incorporated and, based upon same Viceroy wired a total 
of $1,980,000.00 to Pearson. 
219. 
Solomon, accompanied by Ali Reza, Pearson, Boden, and others, then proceeded 
to Rothstein's office. Rothstein, Boden, and Pearson discussed deal specifics and outlined the 
settlement purchase and assignment process, tracking almost verbatim the representations made 
in the Confidential Offering Memorandum previously provided to Solomon by Pearson and 
Boden. 
220. 
On September 2, 2009, Boden sent an e-mail to Pearson, which was subsequently 
passed on to Solomon by either Pearson or one of his employees. Attached to the e-mail were 
multiple documents related to a purported settlement to which RRA assigned the internal 
confidential case number RRA-P20. The attachments included: 
Page 67 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726774
--- PAGE 68 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
a. 
A letter dated September 2, 2009, from Rothstein certifying that RRA was 
in receipt of, and was holding in trust, $900,000.00, representing the full 
liquidated settlement proceeds in case number P20; 
b. 
A letter dated September 2, 2009, from Rothstein guaranteeing to Viceroy 
three monthly payments of $300,000.00 in connection with Viceroy's 
purchase of rights under the P20 Settlement Agreement; 
c. 
A redacted document that was purportedly a contract of employment 
between RRA and the plaintiff in the P20 case; 
d. 
A redacted document that was purportedly the Confidential Settlement 
Agreement between the plaintiff and defendant in the P20 case; 
e. 
An Acknowledgement of Assignment/Purchase of Settlement Proceeds in 
case number RRA-P20 naming Viceroy as the exclusive Transferee of the 
proceeds of the purported settlement and directing TD Bank that said 
proceeds are only to be released to Viceroy; and 
f. 
A Sale and Transfer Agreement for case number RRA-P20 dated 
September 2, 2009. 
221. 
On September 2, 2009, Boden sent another e-mail to Pearson, which was 
subsequently passed on to Solomon by either Pearson or one of his employees. Attached to the 
e-mail were multiple documents related to a purported settlement to which RRA assigned the 
internal confidential case number RRA-P21. The attachments included: 
Page 68 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726775
--- PAGE 69 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
a. 
A letter dated September 2, 2009, from Rothstein certifying that RRA was 
in receipt of, and was holding in trust, $900,000.00, representing the full 
liquidated settlement proceeds in case number P21; 
b. 
A letter dated September 2, 2009, from Rothstein guaranteeing to Viceroy 
three monthly payments of $300,000.00 in connection with Viceroy's 
purchase of rights under the P21 Settlement Agreement; 
c. 
A redacted document that was purportedly a contract of employment 
between RRA and the plaintiff in the P21 case; 
d. 
A redacted document that was purportedly the Confidential Settlement 
Agreement between the plaintiff and defendant in the P21 case; 
e. 
An Acknowledgement of Assignment/Purchase of Settlement Proceeds in 
case number RRA-P21 naming Viceroy as the exclusive Transferee of the 
proceeds of the purported settlement and directing TD Bank that said 
proceeds are only to be released to Viceroy; and 
f. 
A Sale and Transfer Agreement for case number RRA-P21 dated 
September 2, 2009. 
222. 
On September 2, 2009, Boden sent yet another e-mail to Pearson, which was 
subsequently passed on to Solomon by either Pearson or one of his employees. Attached to the 
e-mail were multiple documents related to a purported settlement to which RRA assigned the 
internal confidential case number RRA-P22. The attachments included: 
Page 69 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726776
--- PAGE 70 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
a. 
A letter dated September 2, 2009, from Rothstein certifying that RRA was 
in receipt of, and was holding in trust, $900,000.00, representing the full 
liquidated settlement proceeds in case number P22; 
b. 
A letter dated September 2, 2009, from Rothstein guaranteeing to Viceroy 
three monthly payments of $300,000.00 in connection with Viceroy's 
purchase of rights under the P22 Settlement Agreement; 
c. 
A redacted document that was purportedly the Confidential Settlement 
Agreement between the plaintiff and defendant in the P22 case; 
d. 
An Acknowledgement of Assignment/Purchase of Settlement Proceeds in 
case number RRA-P22 naming Viceroy as the exclusive Transferee of the 
proceeds of the purported settlement and directing TD Bank that said 
proceeds are only to be released to Viceroy; and 
e. 
A Sale and Transfer Agreement for case number RRA-P22 dated 
September 2, 2009. 
223. 
Based upon the foregoing, Viceroy decided to invest in the investments identified 
as P20, P21, and P22, rather than seeking the return of the $1,980,000.00 previously wired. 
224. 
On October 6 and 7, 2009, Viceroy wired an additional $1,320,000.00 into RRA 
trust accounts in order to invest in deals P30 and P31. 
225. 
On October 14, 2009, Boden sent an e-mail to Solomon attaching multiple 
documents related to a purported settlement to which RRA assigned the internal confidential 
case number RRA-P30. The attachments included: 
Page 70 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726777
--- PAGE 71 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
a. 
A letter dated October 6, 2009, from Rothstein certifying that RRA was in 
receipt of, and was holding in trust, $900,000.00, representing the full 
liquidated settlement proceeds in case number P30; 
b. 
A letter dated October 6, 2009, from Rothstein guaranteeing to Viceroy 
three monthly payments of $300,000.00 in connection with Viceroy's 
purchase of rights under the P30 Settlement Agreement; 
c. 
A redacted document that was purportedly a contract of employment 
between RRA and the plaintiff in the P30 case; 
d. 
A redacted document that was purportedly the Confidential Settlement 
Agreement between the plaintiff and defendant in the P30 case; 
e. 
An Acknowledgement of Assignment/Purchase of Settlement Proceeds in 
case number RRA-P30 naming Viceroy as the exclusive Transferee of the 
proceeds of the purported settlement and directing TD Bank that said 
proceeds are only to be released to Viceroy; and 
f. 
A Sale and Transfer Agreement for case number RRA-P30 dated October 
6, 2009. 
226. 
The Ponzi scheme cratered before Viceroy received any documents relating to 
deal P31. 
227. 
Viceroy invested a total of $3,300,000 into the Ponzi scheme based upon the 
misrepresentations stated above. 
Page 71 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726778
--- PAGE 72 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
S. Concorde Capital, Inc. (Induced by Pearson) 
228. 
On or about August 22, 2009, Thomas D'Azevedo (hereinafter, "D'Azevedo"), on 
behalf and as the principal of Concorde, briefly discussed the confidential settlement investment 
opportunity with Bradley Singer while the two attended a Bar Mitzvah. Singer suggested that 
D'Azevedo contact him the next day to continue their discussion of the particulars of the deal 
structure. 
229. 
On August 23, 2009, D'Azevedo telephoned Singer, who talked in great detail 
how he was first approached by Pearson about the purchase and assignment of RRA settlements. 
Singer stated that Pearson wanted him to be a commissioned representative and to solicit 
potential investors to purchase settlement deals. Pearson spent a lot of time explaining the nature 
and operation of the purchase and assignment of legal settlements knowing that Singer would 
rely on the very same information when pitching investors, like Concorde. Pearson stressed to 
Singer, who in turn passed this information on to D'Azevedo, the low risk high return potential 
of these investments. 
230. 
Singer went on to explain that RRA was handling a large amount of settlements 
from around the country in which confidentiality was of utmost importance to the putative 
defendants. Singer elaborated that as a result the defendants' payments were not immediately 
released in their entirety to the putative plaintiffs, but were instead held in RRA escrow accounts 
to be paid over time, and were subject to clawback if any of the putative plaintiffs breached the 
confidentiality of the agreements. Singer further described that many of the putative plaintiffs, 
for fear of never receiving the money at all, were willing to take less in exchange for receiving a 
lump sum payment upfront. 
Page 72 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726779
--- PAGE 73 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
231. 
On August 24, 2009, Singer sent D'Azevedo an e-mail further clarifying the 
structure of the investment. The e-mail included a copy of a flowchart prepared by Pearson 
illustrating the mechanics of the settlements and payment to RRA and the investor. Also 
included was an explanation that the deal was being brokered by Pearson, as well as a detailed 
description of Pearson and Singer equally sharing a 5% commission from any investment made 
by Concorde. 
232. 
On or about August 28, 2009, D'Azevedo attended a meeting at the RRA offices 
in order to close on a deal and purchase an interest in purported settlement case number RRA-
P17. Nabil Rhazi, an employee of Pearson, met D'Azevedo outside of the RRA offices and 
accompanied him during the entire closing. Prior to walking into the RRA conference room, 
Rhazi confirmed Pearson's multimillion dollar personal investment into these deals, and that RL 
Pearson & Associates had an ownership stake and was helping to build a local Ritz Carlton. 
Once in the conference, both Rhazi and Boden again extolled the virtues of the deal. Rhazi 
assured D'Azevedo of the veracity of the underlying cases and asserted that Pearson had been 
having success with these investments for years. After Boden and Rhazai's final pitch, but prior 
to funding the purported settlement, Boden provided D'Azevedo with the following documents: 
a. 
A letter dated August 26, 2009, from Rothstein certifying that RRA was in 
receipt of, and was holding in trust, $900,000.00, representing the full 
liquidated settlement proceeds in case number P17; 
b. 
A letter dated August 26, 2009, from Rothstein guaranteeing to Concorde 
three monthly payments of $300,000.00 in connection with Concorde's 
purchase of rights under the P17 Settlement Agreement; 
Page 73 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726780
--- PAGE 74 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
c. 
A redacted document that was purportedly a contract of employment 
between RRA and the plaintiff in the P17 case; 
d. 
A redacted document that was purportedly the Confidential Settlement 
Agreement between the plaintiff and defendant in the P17 case; 
e. 
An Acknowledgement of Assignment/Purchase of Settlement Proceeds in 
case number RRA-P17 naming Concorde as the exclusive Transferee of 
the proceeds of the purported settlement and directing Commerce Bank 
that said proceeds are only to be released to Concorde; and 
f. 
A Sale and Transfer Agreement for case number RRA-P17 dated August 
26, 2009. 
233. 
Boden handled the entire closing transaction. 
Prior to execution of the 
assignment and completion of the wire transfer, Boden said he witnessed, and his assistant said 
she notarized, the putative plaintiff's and Rothstein's signatures on the Sale and Transfer 
Agreement that morning. This same assistant acted as the notary public for Concorde's signature 
on the same Sale and Transfer Agreement. 
234. 
In reliance upon the foregoing, Concorde, acting through D'Azevedo, invested 
$660,000.00 into the P17 deal. 
235. 
On or about August 29, 2009, D'Azevedo attended a meeting at the offices of 
RRA in order to close on a deal to fund the purported settlement to which RRA assigned the 
internal confidential case number RRA-P19. At that meeting and prior to funding the purported 
settlement, Boden provided D'Azevedo with the following documents: 
Page 74 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726781
--- PAGE 75 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
a. 
A letter dated August 28, 2009, from Rothstein certifying that RRA was in 
receipt of, and was holding in trust, $900,000.00, representing the full 
liquidated settlement proceeds in case number P19; 
b. 
A letter dated August 28, 2009, from Rothstein guaranteeing to Concorde 
three monthly payments of $300,000.00 in connection with Concorde's 
purchase of rights under the P19 Settlement Agreement; 
c. 
A redacted document that was purportedly a contract of employment 
between RRA and the plaintiff in the P19 case; 
d. 
A redacted document that was purportedly the Confidential Settlement 
Agreement between the plaintiff and defendant in the P19 case; 
e. 
An Acknowledgement of Assignment/Purchase of Settlement Proceeds in 
case number RRA-P19 naming Concorde as the exclusive Transferee of 
the proceeds of the purported settlement and directing Commerce Bank 
that said proceeds are only to be released to Concorde; and 
f. 
A Sale and Transfer Agreement for case number RRA-P19 dated August 
26, 2009. 
236. 
In reliance upon the foregoing, Concorde, acting through D'Azevedo, invested 
$660,000.00 into the P19 deal. 
237. 
On or about September 30, 2009, D'Azevedo attended a meeting at the offices of 
RRA in order to close on a deal to fund the purported settlement to which RRA assigned the 
internal confidential case number RRA-P27. At that meeting and prior to funding the purported 
settlement, Boden provided D'Azevedo with the following documents: 
Page 75 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726782
--- PAGE 76 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
a. 
A letter dated September 29, 2009, from Rothstein certifying that RRA 
was in receipt of, and was holding in trust, $900,000.00, representing the 
full liquidated settlement proceeds in case number P27; 
b. 
A letter dated September 29, 2009, from Rothstein guaranteeing to 
Concorde three monthly payments of $300,000.00 in connection with 
Concorde's purchase of rights under the P27 Settlement Agreement; 
c. 
A redacted document that was purportedly a contract of employment 
between RRA and the plaintiff in the P27 case; 
d. 
A redacted document that was purportedly the Confidential Settlement 
Agreement between the plaintiff and defendant in the P27 case; 
e. 
An Acknowledgement of Assignment/Purchase of Settlement Proceeds in 
case number RRA-P27 naming Concorde as the exclusive Transferee of 
the proceeds of the purported settlement and directing Commerce Bank 
that said proceeds are only to be released to Concorde; and 
f. 
Sale and Transfer Agreement for case number RRA-P27 dated September 
29, 2009. 
238. 
In reliance upon the foregoing, Concorde, acting through D'Azevedo, invested 
$660,000.00 into the P27 deal. 
239. 
Additionally, Concorde, acting through D'Azevedo, paid a total of $33,000.00 in 
commissions to Pearson. 
240. 
All told, Concorde's investments in the Ponzi and commission payments to 
Pearson totaled $2,013,000.00. 
Page 76 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726783
--- PAGE 77 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
6. Ira Sochet Inter Vivos Revocable Trust and Investors Risk Advantage (Induced by 
Szafranski 
241. 
Ira Sochet first became acquainted with Michael Szafranski in the latter half of 
2001. Over the following eight years, Sochet developed a close bond with Szafranski and his 
family. Sochet attended the bris of two of Szafranski's children and attended a dinner in 
Szafranski's honor. In 2008, Sochet and his wife travelled to Israel with Szafranski and his wife. 
Ira Sochet reposed trust and confidence in Szafranski and a fiduciary relationship arose. 
242. 
Over the years, Sochet began seeing "Mikey" as his protégé, mentoring 
Szafranski based on his many years of experience in the financial sector. 
243. 
Sochet had total and absolute trust in Szafranski, giving Szafranski access to all of 
his client's accounts. Szafranski served as a financial advisor to Sochet's wife, children, and 
grandchildren. In fact, Sochet had so much faith in his relationship with Szafranski that he 
appointed Szafranski as Trustee of his Estate. 
244. 
In June, 2008, Szafranski informed Sochet that he was working for a then 
unnamed hedge fund in New York (Platinum and Centurion) verifying transactions at an 
undisclosed attorney's office (RRA). Even after the stock market suffered a sharp drop later that 
year, Szafranski continuously bragged about how well the hedge funds were performing. 
245. 
In February, 2009, Szafranski told Sochet that the hedge fund was cutting back, 
which presented a fantastic opportunity for both Sochet and his company, Investors Risk 
Advantage, LLC, to invest in a very safe investment in which the benefits were much better 
returns than the stock market, and that Szafranski was personally doing all of the necessary 
independent verification. 
Page 77 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726784
--- PAGE 78 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
246. 
Despite his close relationship with Sochet, Szafranski relied on his usual pitch, 
explaining that the investments were based on funding pre-suit settlement agreements. As 
Szafranski explained, investors would front the money and, in return, investors would receive 
their principal and interest in regular monthly installments. Szafranski assured Sochet that he 
verified the settlements first hand. 
247. 
Szafranski told Sochet that all the cases were legitimate and that he had been 
involved with Rothstein for a long time. 
He represented that he personally accompanied 
Rothstein to TD Bank to verify that the putative defendants' money was in RRA's escrow 
account and that he was able to confirm same either through logging on to TD Bank's website or 
through TD Bank tellers. Szafranski explained that Sochet would only be required to make his 
investment after the putative defendants' money from the settlements was wired into the RRA 
escrow account. 
248. 
On February 24, 2009, Szafranski submitted to Sochet five of Rothstein's 
investments. Based upon Szafranski's and Rothstein's representations, Sochet began wiring 
funds from the Sochet Trust and from Investors Risk directly into an RRA Trust Account at TD 
Bank. Additionally, Sochet signed an agreement both for the Sochet Trust and on behalf of 
Investors Risk with Szafranski and Alexa Funding whereby Szafranski, through Alexa, would be 
paid a 5% finders fee and a 5% verification fee of all profits. 
249. 
On March 27, 2009, Sochet received account balance statements for several RRA 
Trust Accounts at TD Bank. These statements showed a balance of over $500,000,000.00 
between five different RRA Trust Accounts as of March 20, 2009. 
Page 78 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726785
--- PAGE 79 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
250. 
Ira Sochet for the Sochet Trust and on behalf of Investors Risk relied upon the 
representations of Szafranski, Alexa Funding, LLC, and Onyx Options Consultants Corporation. 
Ira Sochet for the Sochet Trust and on behalf of Investors Risk also relied upon the documents 
received from RRA, TD Bank, and others which were both material and integral to the 
furtherance of the Ponzi 
251. 
Over the next several months, Szafranski continued presenting deals to Sochet. 
Based upon Szafranski's representations, Sochet made the following wire transfers through the 
Sochet Trust to RRA's TD Bank trust account: 
a. 
February 25, 2009 
$5,000,000.00 
b. 
March 17, 2009 
$2,000,000.00 
c. 
March 24, 2009 
$1,500,000.00 
d. 
April 27, 2009 
$2,750,000.00 
e. 
April 29, 2009 
$200,000.00 
f. 
May 8, 2009 
$300,000.00 
g. 
May 27, 2009 
$4,950,000.00 
h. 
June 9, 2009 
$900,000.00 
i. 
June 24, 2009 
$950,000.00 
j. 
June 29, 2009 
$4,700,000.00 
k. 
July 8, 2009 
$1,250,000.00 
I. 
July 16, 2009 
$1,800,000.00 
m. 
July 20, 2009 
$3,600,000.00 
n. 
July 24, 2009 
$3,600,000.00 
Page 79 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726786
--- PAGE 80 ---
Razorback Funding, LW, et al., v. Scott W Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
o. 
July 28, 2009 
$6,000,000.00 
p. 
July 29, 2009 
$9,000,000.00 
q. 
August 7, 2009 
$2,400,000.00 
r. 
August 10, 2009 
$8,800,000.00 
s. 
September 3, 2009 
$7,000,000.00 
t. 
September 5, 2009 
$19,000,000.00 
u. 
September 16, 2009 
$10,000,000.00 
v. 
September 18, 2009 
$2,500,000.00 
w. 
September 24, 2009 
$5,000,000.00 
x. 
September 25, 2009 
$4,000,000.00 
y. 
October 8, 2009 
$8,100,000.00 
z. 
October 16, 2009 
$16,000,000.00 
aa. 
October 23, 2009 
$16,000,000.00 
252. 
Sochet also made the following additional investments through Investors Risk 
Advantage to RRA's 'ID Bank trust account: 
a. 
February 25, 2009 
$1,000,000.00 
b. 
March 27, 2009 
$500,000.00 
c. 
April 27, 2009 
$600,000.00 
d. 
July 8, 2009 
$750,000.00 
e. 
July 16, 2009 
$300,000.00 
f. 
July 29, 2009 
$600,000.00 
g. 
August 10, 2009 
$800,000.00 
Page 80 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726787
--- PAGE 81 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
h. 
August 26, 2009 
$1,000,000.00 
i. 
September 3, 2009 
$1,000,000.00 
j. 
September 25, 2009 
$1,000,000.00 
k. 
October 8, 2009 
$900,000.00 
253. 
On August 25, 2009, Rothstein sent a letter to Frank Spinosa at TD Bank 
instructing him that the funds in a specified trust account should only be distributed to Sochet 
Trust. 
254. 
On September 17, 2009, Sochet met Scott Rothstein at TD Bank where the two 
were joined by Frank Spinosa, TD Bank's senior regional vice-president. That same day, 
Rothstein sent another letter to Spinosa instructing him that the funds in a specified trust account 
should only be distributed to Sochet Trust. 
255. 
On September 18, 2009, Spinosa authorized and then e-mailed a "lock letter" to 
Rothstein specifically acknowledging the August 25, 2009, instructions alleged above and 
confirming that the funds referenced were being held in a specified trust account and could only 
be distributed to the Sochet Trust. See September 18, 2009 lock letter attached hereto and 
incorporated herein as Exhibit "H". 
256. 
In the beginning of October, 2009, Szafranski and Rothstein began missing the 
scheduled payments on the deals. Szafranski provided numerous excuses, including that TD's 
computer systems had crashed and that there had been a confidentiality breach that needed to be 
addressed before the funds could be released. 
Page 81 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726788
--- PAGE 82 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
257. 
By the time the Ponzi imploded, Ira Sochet, for the Sochet Trust, had invested 
$147,300,000.00 in the Ponzi scheme and Investors Risk had invested $8,450,000.00 in the 
Ponzi scheme. 
258. 
Additionally, Szafranski received $713,000.00 from Sochet Trust and $95,000.00 
from Investors Risk in finders and verification fees. 
7. Sussco, Inc. (Induced by Szafranski) 
259. 
Sussco first learned of the opportunity to purchase confidential settlements 
through Szafranski and ABS in early 2009. The principals of Sussco were acquainted with 
Szafranski by virtue of being neighbors and through their membership in the same religious 
congregation. Additionally, the Sussco principal's were aware of Szafranski's reputation in the 
community, as well as the successes of others who had done business with him. 
260. 
On or about February of 2009, Szafranski first approached Sussco with an 
opportunity to invest in the purchase and assignment of the proceeds from confidential 
settlement agreements, providing multiple assurances that the confidential settlements being 
purchased were all real. Szafranski told Sussco that he first became aware of and involved in 
this opportunity when he served as the verifier for a hedge fund that was investing in such 
settlements. He further informed Susco that the settlements he previously verified had proven 
successful and were continuing to perform. 
261. 
More specifically, Szafranski assured Sussco that the settlements were legitimate 
by telling them that he personally met with Rothstein and had verified and confirmed that the 
funds from the purported defendants had already been wired into Rothstein's escrow account at 
TD Bank. Szafranski further assured Sussco that he had and would continue to personally verify 
Page 82 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726789
--- PAGE 83 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
that the "plaintiff" and "defendant" both signed the purchase and sales agreement and that the 
"plaintiff" had received the money that was funded by the investor. 
262. 
Based upon Szafranski,'s representations, Sussco made the following payments to 
ABS:25
a. 
b. 
c. 
d. 
e. 
f. 
g• 
h. 
March 30, 2009 
May 11, 2009 
June 29, 2009 
July 29, 2009 
July 30, 2009 
September 8, 2009 
September 21, 2009 
October 20, 2009 
$300,000.00 (wire transfer) 
$150,000.00 (wire transfer) 
$223,333.33 (wire transfer) 
$328,125.00 (wire transfer) 
$122,708.33 (wire transfer) 
$100,000.00 (payment by check) 
$300,000.00 (payment by check) 
$1,275,000.00 (payment by check) 
263. 
As a result of Szafranski's 
$2,799,166.66 into Rothstein's Ponzi scheme. 
representations, Sussco invested a total of 
8. Dekelbaum and Shalom Kosher (Induced by Szafranski) 
264. 
Dekelbaum and his family's corporation, Shalom Kosher, first learned of the 
opportunity to purchase confidential settlements through Szafranski and ABS in the Spring of 
2009. Dekelbaum and the principals of Shalom Kosher were acquainted with Szafranski through 
their affiliation in the same religious congregation. Dekelbaum had known of Szafranski for six 
years and knew that Szafranski presented himself as a successful investment broker. More 
The payments made on March 27, 2009 ($300,000.00), and on July 31, 2009 ($122,708.33), 
were funded directly by the Sussco principals, who were reimbursed shortly thereafter by 
Sussco. 
Page 83 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726790
--- PAGE 84 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
significantly, Dekelbaum knew of other individuals whose investments in the settlements with 
Szafranski and ABS had yielded the promised returns. After learning of Szafranski's apparent 
success, Dekelbaum followed up with him and inquired about the investments. 
265. 
Szafranski had seen Dekelbaum in synogague a number of times when 
Dekelbaum was visiting family in Florida who were also members of the congregation. As with 
his other victims, Szafranski relied on his usual pitch, explaining that the investments were based 
on funding pre-suit settlement agreements. 
More specifically, Szafranski explained that 
investors would front the money and, in return, would receive their principal and interest in 
regular monthly installments. Szafranski assured Dekelbaum that he verified the settlements first 
hand. Szafranski also told Dekelbaum that all the cases were legitimate and that he had been 
involved with Rothstein for a long time. He represented that he personally accompanied 
Rothstein to TD Bank to verify that the putative defendants' money was in RRA's escrow 
account and that he was able to confirm same. Szafranski explained that Dekelbaum would only 
be required to make his investment after the putative defendants' money from the settlements 
was wired into the RRA escrow account. 
266. 
Dekelbaum trusted Szafranaski based upon Szafranski's reputation in the 
community as well as his own dealings. Dekelbaum thought that Szafranski was simply a nice 
young man who was trying to support his young family by working hard and providing other 
members of the community with this opportunity. 
267. 
Based upon Szafranski's representations, Dekelbaum made the following 
payments to ABS: 
a. 
June 30, 2009 
$50,000.00 (wire transfer) 
Page 84 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726791
--- PAGE 85 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
b. 
C. 
d. 
e. 
f. 
g• 
h. 
July 31, 2009 
September 4, 2009 
September 4, 2009 
September 4, 2009 
September 4, 2009 
October 8, 2009 
October 8, 2009 
$88,333.34 (wire transfer) 
$109,353.34 (wire transfer) 
$105,000.00 (wire transfer) 
$20,000.00 (wire transfer) 
$8,980.00.00 (wire transfer) 
$7,400.00 (wire transfer) 
$1,433.33 (payment by check) 
268. 
Based upon Szafranski,'s representations, Dekelbaum, through Shalom Kosher, 
made the following payments to ABS: 
a. 
October 8, 2009 
b. 
October 8, 2009 
$120,000.00 (wire transfer) 26
$22,000.00 (payment by check) 
269. 
All told, as a result of Szafranski's representations, Dekelbaum and Shalom 
Kosher invested $532,500.01 into Rothstein's Ponzi scheme. 
C. 
Plaintiffs Induced Directly by RRA 
270. 
In addition to relying upon the investments generated by feeders, Rothstein also 
used conspirators affiliated with RRA, such as Barnett and Boden, to attract new investors to the 
Ponzi scheme. 
I. BFMC Investment, LLC 
271. 
BFMC was formed in November 1998 to fund investment opportunities. 
The October 8, 2009, investment by Shalom Kosher was actually a policy loan which was borrowed against a 
Mass Mutual Policy. Mass Mutual wired the funds to ABS on behalf of Shalom Kosher. 
Page 85 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726792
--- PAGE 86 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
272. 
On September 28, 2009, BFMC principal, Barry Florescue ("Florescue") met 
socially with Andrew Barnett ("Barnett"), Director of Corporate Development for RRA. 
273. 
During this meeting, Barnett described his role at RRA and invited Florescue to 
meet Rothstein later that week to discuss a lucrative investment opportunity. Florescue, who was 
aware of Rothstein's prominence in the Fort Lauderdale business and social community, agreed 
to a meeting at RRA on September 30, 2009. 
274. 
On September 30, 2009, Florescue and his employee, Mark Seigel ("Seigel"), 
arrived in RRA's offices and were initially greeted by Barnett. Bamett then took Florescue and 
Seigel into Boden's office to meet Boden. 
275. 
Boden was introduced as RRA's business manager and general counsel. 
Coincidentally, Boden had, many years earlier, worked as a junior staff member with Florescue's 
corporate counsel and had actively worked on one of Florescue's previous financing 
transactions. 
276. 
After several minutes, Boden and Barnett led Florescue and Seigel into 
Rothstein's private office where the five of them participated in the meeting. 
277. 
After brief introductions, Rothstein, Boden, and Bamett described to Florescue 
and Seigel an opportunity involving the lump-sum purchase of various pre-funded confidential 
settlements with structured payments explaining the investment as follows: 
a. 
RRA is a nationally recognized firm representing plaintiffs in 
whistleblower lawsuits against employers. 
RRA also has expertise in qui tam litigation, 
whistleblower lawsuits brought by a private person against a company or person who is believed 
to have violated the law in the performance of a contract with the government or is acting in 
Page 86 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726793
--- PAGE 87 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
violation of a government regulation.27 In a qui tam action the plaintiff (the person bringing the 
suit) will be entitled to a percentage of the recovery of the penalty (which may include large 
amounts for breach of contract) as a reward for exposing the wrong-doing and assisting 
recovering funds for the government. RRA purportedly became a magnet for qui tarn actions 
following its success as co-counsel in a 2008 Eli Lilly Qui Tam case, which resulted in a $1 
billion plus settlement. 
b. 
RRA was currently representing whistleblower plaintiffs employed by a 
Fortune 500 company which allegedly defrauded the United States government. 
Citing 
confidentiality, Rothstein could not share the name of the company, but he described it as a large 
food conglomerate that had substituted cheaper ingredients into food supplies which were sold to 
the government under national contracts. Rothstein claimed to be rounding up dozens of 
whistleblowers inside the company who had been threatened by senior management to remain 
silent regarding the company's fraud. 
c. 
RRA had negotiated numerous settlement "tranches" for $1,400,000.00 
for various whistleblower clients, but the defendant insisted on paying the settlements out over 
four months. Rothstein, Boden, and Barnett then stated that the putative plaintiffs wanted their 
cash up front. 
d. 
Rothstein explained that the putative plaintiffs were willing to take a large 
discount up front because: (i) they had a high degree of concern over whether the defendant 
would attempt to prevent them from receiving payments after settling and, (ii) plaintiff was "in 
privity" with the defendant, which subjected their settlement to reversal by the federal 
• 
Qui tam suits are brought for "the government as well as the plaintiff" 
Page 87 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726794
--- PAGE 88 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
government. Rothstein represented that a third party buyer of the settlement rights would not be 
subject to such reversal as the third party was not "in privity" with the defendant. 
e. 
The settlement documents were drafted and ready to be settled but 
Rothstein needed to find an investor to fund these settlements. Rothstein explained that such a 
transaction was legal because the settlement agreement had no "anti-assignment rights"; 
however, any third party investor could not be given any details about the parties involved in the 
settlement because it was highly confidential and contained strict confidentiality provisions. 
f. 
Due to the fact that a "£under" could not be given any information about 
the case, the defendant, or the plaintiff, and given the fact that Rothstein needed a high degree of 
confidentiality about even the existence of the funding arrangement (in order to prevent 
defendants from explicitly prohibiting this type of arrangement going forward), Rothstein could 
only engage in such transaction with local friends with whom he trusted. 
g. 
RRA's clients were willing to accept $800,000.00 up front in exchange for 
their rights to the $1,400,000.00 settlement, payable over 4 months. 
h. 
Rothstein could not personally fund the structured settlements because it 
was illegal for him or his firm to profit from a settlement in which he represented the plaintiff. 
However, it was in RRA's interest to find a finder so that the firm could settle the case and get 
paid its contingency fee. Accordingly, to help facilitate the transaction, Rothstein agreed to stay 
on as the acting escrow agent. 
i. 
Rothstein remarked that the entire transaction would be independently 
verified, that he would provide evidence of the settlement in his office, and that he would get on 
the phone with Spinosa of TD Bank to confirm that the putative defendant's funds had been 
Page 88 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726795
--- PAGE 89 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
wired into a Florida Bar trust account with strict instructions to only release the funds in that 
account to the specified investment £under. 
278. 
At some point during the meeting between Rothstein, Boden, Barnett, and 
Florescue, Rothstein went online to show Florescue the balances in the TD Bank accounts. 
279. 
Upon concluding the meeting, Barnett walked Florescue and Seigel out to the 
elevator. During that time, Barnett revealed that the "confidential" defendant they had been 
discussing was Dole Foods, which had allegedly supplied the U.S. Government with impure 
orange juice in breach of their contract which required 100% pure orange juice. Barnett 
informed Florescue and Seigel that Rothstein offered to sign a corporate and personal guaranty 
as a further inducement to make the investment. 
280. 
Between October 1, 2009, and October 15, 2009, BFMC worked with Boden to 
revise and finalize the transaction and security documents necessary to close the deal. 
281. 
The first version of the settlement assignment documents was prepared by Boden. 
Once BFMC made its redline changes, Boden remarked that he needed to sit down with the 
client to review the revisions. Boden explained to Florescue and Siegel that he was negotiating 
seventy (70) different settlements and meeting with each client was often difficult and time 
consuming. 
282. 
On or about the middle of October, 2009, Boden finalized the deal documents for 
BFMC's investment in three identical RRA settlements each involving a $1,400,000.00 
structured settlement, payable in four equal monthly installments, offered in exchange for a lump 
sum payment of $800,000.00. 
Page 89 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726796
--- PAGE 90 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
283. 
BFMC's explicit understanding from Bamett, Boden and Rothstein was that the 
putative defendant's settlement proceeds were pre-funded and being held in RRA's escrow trust 
account and could only be released directly to BFMC's account pursuant to the terms of the 
irrevocable "lock letter." 
284. 
During the first week of October, 2009, Florescue telephoned Spinosa to discuss 
the investment specifics and to inquire about Rothstein. Florescue had an existing professional 
relationship with Spinosa and had previously employed Spinosa and TD Bank for various 
banking activities. 
Notwithstanding, Spinosa stonewalled Florescue, declining to discuss 
anything related to Rothstein without his consent, and flatly refusing to answer even the most 
basic questions. 
285. 
The closing was scheduled for October 15, 2009. That same day, as part of its due 
diligence, BFMC obtained a copy of a TD Bank "lock letter" signed by Spinosa stating that: 
Re: Account 4245220324 RRA-BFMC 
. . . Pursuant to your written instructions to us of October 14, 2009, 
please be advised that all funds contained in the above referenced 
account shall only be distributed upon your or Stuart Rosenfeldt's 
instruction and shall only be distributed to BB&T (FKA: Colonial 
Bank), Pompano Beach Branch # 32083, (954) 943-6550, ABA# 
062001319, for further credit to: BFMC Investment, LLC Account # 
8050674491. 
Your letter is understood not to convey ownership of the account or 
access to the account to any other party, but rather is meant to 
irrevocably restrict conveyances as follows: conveyances shall only 
be made from the account referenced above to the BB&T (FKA: 
Colonial Bank) account # 8050674491 belonging to BFMC 
Investment, LLC. 
See October 15, 2009 lock letter attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit "I." 
Page 90 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726797
--- PAGE 91 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
286. 
Additionally, on that same day and prior to closing, Boden provided Florescue 
and Siegel with the TD Bank wire transfer verification confirming that the putative defendant 
funded $4,200,000.00 into RRA escrow/trust account number 4245220324 (irrevocably locked 
account). 
287. 
Although the closing was supposed to take place in the late morning, Boden 
informed Florescue and Siegel that the process was being held up as they were working with the 
putative plaintiffs to hammer out the deal. By mid-afternoon, Rothstein and Boden walked into 
the room where Florescue and Siegel were waiting with original signed documents. Rothstein 
and Boden allowed Florescue and Siegel see the original documents and then proceeded to 
execute their closing documents. 
288. 
Later that day, and in reliance on the foregoing, BFMC wired $2,400,000.00 to 
RRA's TD Bank trust account number 6860420923. 
D. 
Plaintiffs Induced Directly by Banyon 
1. Extra Inning Dynasty Trust 
289. 
Joseph W. Sparveri, Jr. (hereinafter, "Sparveri"), was a co-trustee of the 
predecessor in interest of the Extra Inning Trust and, at all material times relevant hereto, was 
acting as one of the trusts' investment advisors. 
290. 
Sparveri first heard about the Principal Conspirators settlement investment 
opportunity through Banyon in mid-2008 from another client, Roland Labonte. Sparveri served 
as Mr. Labonte's investment advisor and is a co-trustee on at least one of Mr. Labonte's family 
of trusts. Labonte informed Sparveri that Joseph DiSilva, a commissioned Banyon agent, 
explained the entire deal structure for the purchase and assignment of confidential settlements. 
Page 91 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726798
--- PAGE 92 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
After what appeared to be some initial success with Labonte's investment, Sparveri began 
looking into the possibility of getting the Extra Inning Trust to invest as well. 
291. 
On or about May 23, 2008, Sparveri received Levin's initialed copy of Banyon 
1030-32's balance sheet and profit and loss statement showing total assets in excess of 
$135,000,000.00. 
292. 
On or about July 18, 2008, Sparveri received Banyon 1030-32's seventeen page 
Confidential Settlement Funding power point presentation entitled "A High Yield Low Risk 
Activist Investment Strategy." 
Within the presentation, Banyon 1030-32 made material 
representations including: (1) all investments are guaranteed personally by Levin; (2) Banyon 
1030-32 securitizes each investment with a Promissory Note valued at not less than 130% of 
the settlement face value; (3) that the putative defendant fully fund the settlement amount in 
advance of investor funding which is then held in a special purpose escrow/trust account by the 
putative plaintiff's attorney as the trustee of funds; (4) the special purpose trust account has a 
dual signature requirement for any and all withdrawals, one of which is always a Banyon 
representative; and (5) as of June 1, 2008, Banyon has funded settlements with a face value in 
excess of $200,000,000.00. 
293. 
Additionally, Banyon, through Preve and DiSilva, provided Sparveri with the 
following: 
a. 
Banyon 1030-32's private funding background summary asserting 
significant representations regarding the settlement purchase structure and 
growth forecast; 
Page 92 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726799
--- PAGE 93 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
b. 
Banyon 1030-32's audited financial statement and opinion letter prepared 
by Berenfeld as of June 30, 2008; 
c. 
Banyon 1030-32's preliminary financials as of December 31, 2008; 
d. 
Banyon 1030-32 incorporation documents and corporate resolutions; 
e. 
Authorization to contact Berenfeld's Managing Partner, Tracy Weintraub 
to discuss Banyon 1030-32's audited financials, tax returns, and other 
related financial transaction information; 
f. 
The promise that the Extra Inning Trust would receive a Promissory Note, 
Security Agreement, and Levin's personal guaranty as security/collateral 
for each investment made into Banyon 1030-32; and 
g. 
Information regarding the overall deal structure including specifics into 
the mechanics of RRA's escrow account used to secure an investor's 
Promissory Note. 
294. 
Based upon the foregoing, between August 18 and August 20, 2008, Extra Inning 
Trust wired to Banyon 1030-32's Gibraltar Bank trust account ending x-6377, two investments 
of $1,000,000.00 each ($2,000,000.00 total). In exchange, the Extra Inning Trust received a 
Promissory Note, a Security Agreement, and a Levin personal guaranty for each of the 
respective investments into Banyon 1030-32. 
295. 
Thereafter, in October, 2008, December, 2008, January, 2009, and April, 2009, 
Extra Inning Trust made four additional investments through Banyon 1030-32 by wiring 
$1,000,000.00 
(10/31/08), 
$1,000,000.00 
(12/02/08), 
$1,000,000.00 
(1/09/09), 
and 
$2,000,000.00 (4/02/09), respectively, into Banyon 1030-32's Gibraltar Bank trust account 
Page 93 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726800
--- PAGE 94 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
ending x-6377. 
Each investment was accompanied by a Promissory Note, a Security 
Agreement, and a Levin personal guaranty. Because of the relatively consistent payments of 
the promised interest, the principal of all of the notes were either rolled over or re-invested. 
296. 
In total, Extra Inning Trust invested $7,000,000.00 through Banyon 1030-32 into 
the Ponzi scheme. 
VIII. Implosion of Rothstein's Ponzi Scheme 
297. 
In October, 2009, the Ponzi scheme reached critical mass. October was a huge 
month for investor settlement redemptions and Rothstein knew that the influx of new investor 
capital could not satisfy all previous investor obligations. Sensing that the end was near, 
Rothstein began planning his escape. 
298. 
On October 17, 2009, Rothstein sent an RRA firm-wide e-mail asking for help to 
determine whether a "client" who is facing a multitude of criminal charges in the United States--
including fraud, money laundering, and embezzlement--could be extradited to the United States 
or Israel from abroad if he renounced his United States citizenship. Rothstein's e-mail requested 
a list of countries which did not have extradition treaties with the United States or Israel and 
concluded by stating that "[t]his client is related to a very powerful client of ours and so time is 
of the essence. Lets rock and roll... there is a very large fee attached to this case. Thanks Love 
ya Scott." Suffice it to say, Rothstein was the purported "client" and this e-mail provides the 
first written indication that he was preparing to flee. 
Not coincidentally Morocco, Rothstein's destination on October 27, 2009, was one of the countries that 
does not have an extradition treaty with either the United States or Israel. 
Page 94 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726801
--- PAGE 95 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
299. 
By the end of October 2009, the Principal Conspirators began defaulting on 
certain investors' structured payments as they came due and the scheme began to unravel. 
300. 
On October 27, 2009, Richard Pearson, whose investors put more then 
$18,000,000.00 in the Ponzi scheme, confronted Rothstein while he was sitting with Spinosa 
inside of the Bova Prime restaurant. Pearson proceeded, in Spinosa's presence, to demand to 
know why Rothstein was days late in releasing two scheduled payments due his investors. 
Rothstein quickly attempted to diffuse the situation and skirt assertion that he was in breach of 
his fiduciary duties as the acting escrow agent holding these funds all of which left Spinosa 
visibly shaken. 
301. 
Shortly thereafter, Rothstein methodically drained the TD Bank RRA accounts 
dry, depleting virtually all of the remaining investors' money as well as the money of many of 
the firms' clients. 
302. 
On the evening of October 27, 2009, Rothstein secretly boarded a private G-5 jet 
destined for Morocco accompanied by, utter alio, Ahnick IChalid his purported Moroccan guide, 
but not before completing a $16,000,000.00 wire transfer from RRA's TD Bank trust account to 
Khalid's Moroccan account at Banque Centrale Populaire. 
303. 
By October 30, 2009, as the number of defaults escalated, investors desperately 
tried to contact Rothstein for answers. Unbeknownst to them Rothstein was already gone, along 
with their investments, as the Ponzi scheme finally buckled under the pressure of its 
overwhelming financial obligations. 
304. 
Over the next few days, alarmed investors frantically reached out to other RRA 
executives and attorneys, begging for information as to the whereabouts of Rothstein and their 
Page 95 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726802
--- PAGE 96 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
more than $30,000,000.00 in overdue payments. Stuart Rosenfeldt (hereinafter, "Rosenfeldt") 
assembled a team at RRA, including Boden, Stay and Grant Smith, to begin answering the 
deluge of investor calls after attempting to confirm with Stay (RRA's C.F.O.) that RRA's 
operating and trust accounts contained more than $1 billion dollars. Shamefully, Stay refused to 
provide Rosenfeldt the confirmation requested. Growing ever agitated, Rosenfeldt and the others 
continued to press Stay, demanding to know what was going on and insisting that she produce 
current account statements. Eventually, Stay relented and began inconsolably crying, repeating 
the phrase, "I don't want to go to jail." Rosenfeldt proceeded to telephone Spinosa, who initially 
declined to provide account balance verification. After much cajoling, Spinosa finally informed 
Rosenfeldt that the RRA accounts had been almost completely depleted. 
Page 96 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726803
--- PAGE 97 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
IX. Devastating Fallout 
305. 
As is well chronicled, Scott Rothstein's Ponzi scheme crumbled under its own 
weight on or about October 30, 2009. The velocity at which the Ponzi scheme cratered sent a 
sonic boom felt throughout the financial and legal world. 
306. 
Reeling from its shameful missteps in connection with the Rothstein scandal, an 
emergency receiver was appointed for RRA on November 4, 2009 for the purpose of winding down 
its operations. 
307. 
As the dust begins to settle, critical details have emerged revealing the scope and 
magnitude of the nefarious scheme. 
A. 
TD Bank 
308. 
By way of example, Plaintiffs have discovered relative to TD Bank that: 
a. 
the entirety of Plaintiffs' more than $281,525,358.34 investment is gone; 
b. 
Plaintiffs' TD Bank irrevocable "lock letter" accounts were never funded 
with the purported settlement money and contained only a nominal deposit 
of $100.00. Spinosa's irrevocable "lock letters" were critical inducements 
into the Ponzi scheme, materially misleading Plaintiffs' into a false sense 
of security that TD Bank was safeguarding their investment and 
securitizing their risk exposure. This overt inducement was done in close 
collaboration with Rothstein in furtherance of the conspiracy to defraud 
and proximately caused injury to the Plaintiffs; 
c. 
additionally, Rothstein utilized Spinosa and his position at TD Bank to 
further the conspiracy by having Spinosa personally meet with investors at 
Page 97 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726804
--- PAGE 98 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
RRA, at TD Bank branches, and elsewhere as a means to assuage investor 
concerns and create an illusion of legitimacy that TD Bank stood behind 
the investments being made. In fact, at one particular investor meeting in 
late July 2009, attended by Rothstein, Spinosa, Preve, and Szafranski, 
Spinosa represented to the potential investor that Rothstein had been doing 
these deals "for quite some time without a hitch" and that the trust fund 
monies were all well protected; 
d. 
On or about the summer of 2009, Rothstein delivered to Spinosa fifty 
thousand dollars ($50,000.00) in cash for his continued cooperation and 
participation in the Ponzi; 
e. 
On or about the summer of 2009, Rothstein delivered to Caretsky twenty 
five thousand dollars ($25,000.00) in cash for her continued cooperation 
and participation in the Ponzi; 
f. 
TD Bank active participation in authorizing atypical banking procedures 
enabled Rothstein's systemic fraud and allowed the Ponzi scheme to 
flourish. Some of the atypical banking procedures include: (1) abdication 
of internal wire transfer protocols; (2) unfettered movement of inordinate 
sums of money in and out of RBA's TD Bank trust, escrow, and operating 
accounts; (3) using key inside employees to approve deviations from 
internal policies and procedures meant to circumvent discovery of the 
fraud; and (4) using bank employees and bank facilities to participate in 
investor meetings to help induce funding and lend credibility to the Ponzi. 
Page 98 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726805
--- PAGE 99 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
Each of these "special accommodations" were essential factors that 
provided substantial assistance in furthering the scheme and allowed 
Rothstein to misappropriate over a two hundred and eighty million dollars 
of Plaintiffs' money from TD Bank escrow and trust accounts; 
even after Rothstein's October 27, 2009, departure to Morocco, millions 
of dollars were raided from RRA's TD Bank trust, escrow, and operating 
accounts, indicative of a(n) insider(s) continuing to use TD Bank to 
operate the Ponzi scheme. Some of the individuals and entities who 
received money on and after October 27, 2009, include, but are not limited 
to: 
i. 
Shimon Levy 
$ 
366,000.00 
ii. 
Shimon Levy 
$ 
287,500.00 
iii. 
Onyx Capital 
$ 
263,000.00 
iv. 
Barbe Frank 
$ 
240,000.00 
v. 
Shimon Levy 
$ 
225,000.00 
vi. 
Ovadia Levy 
$ 
250,000.00 
vii. 
Rachel Levy 
$ 
50,000.00 
viii. 
Daniel Minkowitz 
$ 
225,000.00 
ix. 
Ben Zion Varon 
$ 
33,333.00 
x. 
Domenick Tonacchio 
$ 
280,000.00 
xi. 
Daniel Minkowitz 
$ 
200,000.00 
xii. 
Daniel Minkowitz 
$ 
100,000.00 
xiii. 
Shimon Levy 
$ 
366,666.00 
xiv. 
Shimon Levy 
$ 
337,500.00 
xv. 
Onyx Capital 
$ 
275,000.00 
xvi. 
Ovadia Levy 
$ 
268,000.00 
xvii. 
Ovadia Levy 
$ 
175,000.00 
xviii. 
Moty Bar-Adon 
$ 
132,000.00 
xix. 
Ben Zion Varon 
$ 
33,333.00 
xx. 
Ahnick Khalid 
$ 16,000,000.00 
xxi. 
BWS Investments 
$ 
300,000.00 
xxii. 
Pirulin Group 
$ 
300,000.00 
xxiii. 
National Financial 
$ 
150,000.00 
xxiv. 
Bonnie Barnett 
$ 
500,000.00; 
Page 99 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726806
--- PAGE 100 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
h. 
in April, 2009, $53,060,000.00 in credits and $51,560,000.00 in debits 
were transacted through four RRA trust accounts at TD Bank; 
i. 
in October, 2009, $235,000,000.00 in credits and $232,000,000.00 in 
debits were transacted through RRA accounts at TD Bank; 
j. 
on November 1, 2009, a group of investors29 purportedly victimized by the 
Ponzi scheme met to share information regarding their investments in the 
fraudulent scheme and to discuss ways to collectively pursue recovery of 
their interests. At that meeting, Mel Lifshitz of DE Securities, whose group 
invested nearly $100,000,000.00 into the Ponzi scheme, advised the group 
that he personally sat with Spinosa at TD Bank and verified investment 
account balances; 
k. 
sometime in late spring or early summer of 2009, Ted Morse, another 
Ponzi scheme investor, was personally provided with a fraudulent written 
RRA trust account balance statement by Caretsky at TD Bank; 
I. 
as shown herein, TD Bank encountered numerous "red flags" suggestive 
of money laundering and other misappropriation. Notwithstanding, TD 
Bank willfully ignored its duty to make reasonable inquiry to prevent a 
diversion; instead, TD Bank chose to provide the Principal Conspirators 
with substantial assistance in perpetuating this fraud for their own benefit. 
The group of investors attending the November I, 2009 meeting include: Dean Kretschmar, Ted Morse, 
Ed Morse, Richard Pearson, Ira Sochet, Mel Lifshitz, AJ Discala, Mac Melvin, Mark Nordlicht, Jack 
Simony, Steve Jacket, Laurence King, Steve Levin, George Levin, Frank Preve, Barry Bekkedam, and 
Michael Szafranski. 
Page 100 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726807
--- PAGE 101 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
By ignoring evidence of the Principal Conspirators' misconduct and 
permitting the continued use of TD Bank accounts to accomplish this 
fraud, TD Bank knowingly or recklessly allowed itself to become a 
conduit for these activities and, accordingly, is liable for its participation; 
m. 
in late November, TD Bank fired Spinosa; 
B. 
Levin, Preve and Banyon 
309. 
Plaintiffs have discovered, relative to Levin, Preve, and Banyon, that: 
a. 
an $8,000,000.00 wire transfer confirmation used by Levin, Preve, and 
Rothstein to induce Razorback's $32,000,000.00 payment was never 
received by RRA or TD Bank. In fact, the fictitious $8,000,000.00 wire is 
powerful evidence of the frenzied push by the Principal Conspirators, 
along with Levin and Preve, to do and say whatever was needed to secure 
investor funding as the Ponzi scheme began to unravel. Indeed, in their 
feverish zeal to induce Razorback's funding the purported wire was 
inaccurate, leaving Banyon USVI with a $600,000.00 funding shortfall 
which, when Levin and Preve were pressed for an explanation, was 
quickly diffused by assurances that Banyon USVI would immediately 
make-up the difference; 
b. 
during the November I, 2009 investor meeting, Levin informed the group 
that he reached out to Rothstein in Morocco letting him know that Banyon 
stood ready to provide shortfall financing if he was having trouble making 
payments. Astoundingly, Levin's revealing admission took the group by 
Page 101 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726808
--- PAGE 102 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
surprise because one of the core "deal" tenets insured against any possible 
deficit by requiring a putative defendant's settlement to be funded prior to 
an investor's lump sum purchase. Thus, any shortfall, even the smallest 
one, was patently contrary to the investment structure and obvious 
evidence that the monies were either being misused or were a part of a 
Ponzi scheme; 
c. 
Plaintiffs now believe that Levin's statement was a thinly-veiled attempt 
to cover his tracks after Rothstein rejected his last-ditch efforts to persuade 
Rothstein to keep the Ponzi scheme going. In support, Plaintiffs rely on 
an October 31, 2009, email from Preve to Rothstein stating that "We 
[Levin and Preve] understand that the shortage is now 300m which is still 
manageable if we have your cooperation. Let me know," to which 
Rothstein responds, "[t]hat is not the shortage  
 that is the amount of 
money needed to give the investors back their money. I really just need to 
end it frank. It will make it easier for everyone." (Emphasis added). The 
attempt to try and "manage" the hole created now demonstrates that Levin 
and Preve had knowledge of a prior deficit and serves as an unwitting 
admission of their involvement in the perpetuation of the Ponzi scheme; 
d. 
Levin and Preve often claimed to be continuously "reinvesting" all principal 
and profits back into the Principal Conspirators' settlement scheme. 
Plaintiffs aver that Levin and Preve knew full well that if they removed 
capital after each deal this would cripple the Principal Conspirators' plan and 
Page 102 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726809
--- PAGE 103 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
cause the Ponzi scheme to come crumbling down even sooner than it did. 
Accordingly, Levin and Preve devised Clockwork as the former classic car 
fraudster's getaway vehicle from the Ponzi scheme. Instructively, Levin and 
Preve masterminded an alluring financial trap, ensnaring Discala and his 
investors, all-the-while making Discala believe it was his "idea." Levin 
lured Discala's compliance by assuring considerable financial gains as a 
calculated means to divert attention away from questioning why Levin and 
Preve, without any meaningful compensation, would be stepping away from 
this exceptional opportunity. Levin's and Preve's manipulation of Discala 
continued by dictating the terms and conditions of the BIF/Clockwork 
transition, by controlling Clockwork's start-up financing, and by creating a 
deal structure providing Levin an opportunity to minimize his monetary 
exposure. Although the Clockwork fund never got off the ground, Levin's 
and Preve's plan was revealed and provides further evidence of their deep-
seeded involvement in the Ponzi scheme; 
e. 
Other additional evidence and indicia of Levin, Preve, and Banyons' 
complicity in Rothstein's conspiracy to defraud included: 
i. 
a April 17, 2008, e-mail from Preve to Rothstein subject "G-82" 
writes "This is one we already funded completely (according to our 
books)....is it worth getting Centurion to fund it again or will it be 
a hassle `proving' she got the money when Milk Toast comes 
in???"; 
Page 103 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726810
--- PAGE 104 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
ii. 
a July 7, 2008, e-mail from Preve to Rothstein writing "Hoodsie, 
You send me the deposit and I will send the $687,500 back to you 
as a 'mistake' so your books are balanced."; 
iii. 
a February 8, 2009, e-mail from Preve to Rothstein stating, "What 
are we doing about the $10.9m? Why are your people giving out 
money without papering the deals? This will (already has) get us 
in hot water because we will not be able to plan our cash 
flows 
iv. 
an April 13, 2009 distressing e-mail from Preve to Rothstein in 
response to an inquiry from Platinum concerning receipt of an 
inadequate partial payment, Preve writes, "This is exactly what we 
needed to avoid. Between the phone call to Mayer [Nordlicht] and 
this wire, we have opened the floodgates of doubt. Why send them 
anything if we are going to only send them $256k?? What is the 
plan for the next 20 minutes? Give me a shout when you finish 
with BSO so I can respond to the NY calls."; 
v. 
an April 27, 2009, e-mail from Preve to Rothstein entitled 
"DECISIONS" writing, that "your lenders will never agree to any 
program which allows you or anyone else to interrupt their flow of 
their own funds based on a totally undocumented funding 
requirement. Even today everyone is being asked to acknowledge 
a funding goal for which there is absolutely no documentation --
Page 104 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726811
--- PAGE 105 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
this will never stand up under scrutiny. However, we do know that 
on Monday we had 30 million dollars to be funded and these were 
held up based on the above dispute. We have already sacrificed 
the interest of at least a third of your clients based on her 
misperception of the funding cycle. Lets get this back tomorrow. 
If you do not fund and then do not receive funds in return you are 
guaranteed to lose your suspension/license appeal. If you do fund 
and receive the funds under a `settlement' agreement with Banyon, 
you can at least show your critics that you defended your clients 
and finally have received partial performance and have an 
expectation of receiving the remaining funding.", 
vi. 
a April 27, 2009, e-mail from Preve to Rothstein writing, "Problem 
#1: RRA needs cover for its non-funding of clients--Banyon 
provides the cover as follows: Banyon signs a Default Agreement 
with RRA acknowledging that it has defaulted on its commitment 
to RRA's clients to fund their settlements. Banyon consents to 
fund $150 million in the next 20 days. George Levin gives his 
personal written guaranty to make available funds. Problem #2: 
Where is the 150m coming from??"; 
vii. 
a May 1, 2009, e-mail from Rothstein to Levin and Preve 
informing them that Rothstein, "Just wired plat[inum] a million 
that I borrowed.";
Page 105 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726812
--- PAGE 106 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
viii. 
a May 18, 2009, e-mail from Preve to Rothstein expressing, 
"....concerned? 
I am petrified....if word gets out that we are 
$125m past due we will never see another cent in 3rd party 
fundinas including the PPM. We will have the auditors looking at 
the books in another 12 days and that also gives me great 
concern....it is so easy to see the sudden lack of releases and you 
know auditors...everything has to be explained in footnotes....and 
by the way, no one if throwing you under the bus....all we have 
done is support you at every single turn and we will continue to do 
so. The fact that I am concerned that 25% of our portfolio is past 
due should not come as a surprise to you, to the Bar, to God, or to 
anyone else that notices that I am walking around smelling like I 
just peed by pants 
"(emphasis added); 
ix. 
a September 15, 2009, e-mail from Preve to Rothstein stating that, 
"This `system' is not working . . Yesterday I failed to make 
$500,000 in payments to our largest investor and it will not be 
pretty today. In addition, on the 28th we have two loans maturing 
that cannot be extended -- $1.5m and $5.5m -- if we don't plan for 
these in advance, George is going to make the newspapers big 
time. Because of your youth, inexperience, and drugs none of this 
bothers you. Because of my age, failures, and drugs -- all of this is 
Page 106 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726813
--- PAGE 107 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
sending 
me 
off 
the 
deep 
end., 
expect 
expletives 
shortlymmumn Have a jolly good day."; 
x. 
a September 22, 2009, e-mail from Preve to Rothstein entitled 
"DOCS" asks "Can we at least get the documents for the monies 
that have been sent so if we do have public scrutiny over the BIF 
books we have things balanced rather than the cavernous hole that 
I have allowed to be created????";
xi. 
an October 3, 2009, e-mail from Preve to Rothstein entitled "Mike 
Szafranski" states that "This is bullshit about Doug but we have to 
get Mike in there on Monday or the crapola is going to hit the fan - 
- we do not need this sort of distraction which is being caused 
solely by inattention. Please get this monkey off Also, before you 
talk any business with AJ need to discuss a couple of approaches."; 
xii. 
an October 21, 2009, e-mail from Preve to Rothstein establishes 
that Banyon is "teetering on bankruptcy. If I don't get $8m today 
and tomorrow I will be officially gone -- you know where $5m it is 
going...the rest are for my bank payments. By this time I would 
have thought that we could come to some sort of daily payment 
schedule that would relieve me as my role as official groveler for 
the Levin's. I just don't do a good job at this. As you know, we 
have invested, reinvested and raised about $170,000,000 since the 
meltdown last April. In return you have released about $13million 
Page 107 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726814
--- PAGE 108 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
in Ban1030 money. I don't know what we need to do to resolve 
this as it seems we are dealing with a moving target but my ability 
to stay afloat with smoke and mirrors is gone....really gone. So am 
I."• 
xiii. 
a revealing October 30, 2009, e-mail from Levin to Rothstein 
copying Preve after Levin got word that "other investors" were not 
getting paid he wrote, "If we don't make Doug's [Von Allmen] 
payment tomorrow, I am afraid the game will be over! Just when 
we were going to put the ball over the goal next week. Aj goes out 
for $ wed of next week! We won't be able to recover. This being 
their first payment! I will calm Barry down, however Doug will be 
impossible to calm down! The entire town will know this by 
tomorrow night! Why wouldn't this payment be made? No matter 
what it takes tomorrow the payment will be made! That means if 
Scott has to release some of the $400,000,000 + that he is holding, 
enough to cover the payments then, that's what we are going to 
have to do. We can't let the entire business go down over this, if 
we keep cool heads and take the course of least resistance we will 
get over this tomorrow. If we stick our heads in the sand, or think 
this is going to be like the NY boys, this strategy will never 
recover. Not this time and not with Doug! He is nuts and very 
suspicious of us! We will have more lawyers and publicity than 
Page 108 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726815
--- PAGE 109 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
the NY times by Saturday! I am available for the next 24 hours 
day or night to help get over this problem. We have the way to do 
it if we act as businessmen! So lets get it done! One way or the 
other."; 
xiv. 
Preve received over $440,000.00 in payments from the Principal 
Conspirators; 
C. 
Villegas 
310. 
Plaintiffs have discovered relative to Villegas that: 
a. 
on July 27, 2009, Rothstein transferred a property with an assessed value of 
$407,750.00 to Villegas for "love and affection" and $100.00. 
Notwithstanding, Villegas, who earned $250,000.00 a year and owned the 
property free and clear decided to pull $100,000.00 out of the property via a 
mortgage days prior to the IRS filing of a forfeiture in rem complaint against 
the property; 
b. 
additionally, Rothstein also gave Villegas other extravagant gifts including a 
$130,000.00 Maserati; 
c. 
there is little doubt that Rothstein relied heavily on Villegas as she was 
one of the few employees allowed into the inner sanctum of his private 
office and responsible for "papering" Rothstein's settlements; 
d. 
Rothstein wrote in a firm wide e-mail outlining Villegas' power and 
influence in stating that, "when she speaks she is speaking for me . . . 
[and] [t]hus, absent extraordinary circumstances, no one is to challenge 
Page 109 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726816
--- PAGE 110 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
her authority or come to me to attempt to override any decision she 
makes." Rothstein added, "WE WOULD NOT EXIST WITHOUT HER 
- 
SHE HAS HELPED ME AND CONTINUES TO HELP ME MORE 
THAN I COULD EVER EXPLAIN...OUR OFFICES THAT WE 
CURRENTLY OCCUPY WOULD NOT HAVE BEEN COMPLETED 
WITHOUT HER... OUR GROWTH WOULD BE IN REVERSE."; 
D. 
Berenfeld 
311. 
Plaintiffs have discovered relative to Berenfeld that: 
a. 
Berenfeld's audited financial statements for the affiliated Banyon entities 
confirmed finance receivables of $517,404,505.00 due from RRA 
settlements worth more than $1,100,000,000.00. As now known, these 
"verified finance receivables" were pure fiction. 
Incontrovertibly, 
Berenfeld either knew and willfully participated in this fraud or should 
have known as part of the audit process that the finance receivables were 
fabricated and were incapable of being independently verified; 
b. 
Berenfeld's complicity in the Ponzi scheme is further compounded by its 
role as accountants for RRA and Rothstein and Rosenfeldt individually, 
providing it with first-hand knowledge of the patent inconsistencies 
between Banyon's purported verified audited receivables and RRA's 
actual numbers; 
c. 
due to the vast complexity in maintaining the fraudulent accounting, it is 
only the stamp of approval of sophisticated accountants that could have 
Page 110 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726817
--- PAGE 111 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
lent these "phantom" investments an air of legitimacy necessary to sustain 
the Ponzi scheme over a period of four years; 
E. 
Ballamor and Bekkedaro 
312. 
Plaintiffs have discovered relative to Ballamor and Bekkedam that: 
a. 
Bekkedam and Ballamor, in their role as investment advisors, induced 
client investments into the Rothstein Ponzi despite particular facts giving 
rise to a strong inference that they either had fraudulent intent, or acted 
with conscious recklessness as to truth or falsity of their representations 
made to investors. In addition to the aforementioned facts stated supra, 
other supporting inference of actual knowledge of the fraud include that: 
i. 
The relationship between Bekkedam and Banyon was a de facto 
partnership. Bekkedam and Ballamor worked hand-in-hand to drafting 
the BIF Confidential Offering Memorandum. Thereafter, Bekkedam 
promoted the BIF investment to the tune of tens of millions of dollars 
in funds vital to fuel the Ponzi as the alleged returns generated by BIF 
and other Banyon-related entities was the engine that drove 
Rothstein's scheme. 
Simply put, Banyon and Rothstein needed 
Bekkedam and his cadre of wealthy investors to perpetuate the Ponzi 
and Bekkedam needed the capital infusion Levin provided; 
ii. 
Bekkedam betrayed numerous investors who entrusted him with their 
savings by recklessly feeding their funds into the largest Ponzi scheme 
in Florida history, while falsely claiming and or materially 
Page III of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726818
--- PAGE 112 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
misrepresenting that he: (1) performed extensive due diligence; (2) 
verified the existence of each pre-funded settlement being purchase in 
the designated T1110 Bank escrow account; and (3) monitored the 
account balance and transactions made on a daily basis. 
iii. 
Bekkedam held himself out as an investment guru who often 
proclaimed in public that he came up with the idea for BIF and 
personally benefitted to the tune of several million dollars. In reality, 
Bekkedam was nothing more then a master marketer whose efforts 
were substantially directed at convincing investors--including the BIF 
Investor's, Cooper Management, and the Paley Family Investors--to 
invest without actually evaluating or identifying the true risks 
involved; 
iv. 
The record evidence supports that Bekkedam and Ballamor knew of 
Banyon's and the Principal Conspirators' dire financial straits as early 
as March 2009, and yet failed to disclose this material information to 
the investor-Plaintiffs he induced into funding the Ponzi; 
v. 
Bekkedam knew that Rothstein charged no fees of any kind for his role 
in the transaction and that Rothstein even personally guaranteed a 
handful of transactions. Bekkedam himself, whose stock and trade 
was in charging significant management and incentive fees 
for the money he purported to manage, recognized that a willingness to 
Page 112 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726819
--- PAGE 113 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
do something for nothing was facially suspicious and yet never 
disclosed this concern; 
vi. 
Bekkedam's clear pattern of conduct reveals that he intentionally 
and/or recklessly ignored numerous warning signs that the BIF 
investment presented a high risk of fraud. 
Bekkedam's admitted 
failure to do adequate due diligence on Rothstein, Banyon, and the 
settlement operations caused him to breach his fiduciary duties and 
caused representations he made to investors concerning his ongoing 
due diligence and oversight of outside money managers to be 
false and misleading. 
vii. 
After the collapse of Rothstein's Ponzi scheme, the Paley Family 
Investors confronted Bekkedam, asking him about his supposed "due 
diligence" of the investments. Bekkedam responded with the jaw 
dropping statement that he had faith in the delas because Rothstein's 
picture was on a billboard in Florida with Dan Marino and, since Dan 
Marino is a smart guy, he would never have his picture with anyone 
that was not upstanding. 
b. 
Notably, at no time during his courtship of BIF Investor's, Cooper 
Management, and the Paley Family Investors, did Bekkedam disclose that 
as a direct benefit for their agreement to cooperate in perpetuating 
Rothstein's scheme, Ballamor and Bekkedam received a $1,000,000.00 
"loan" from Levin to underwrite Ballamor's $1.8 billion dollar expansion; 
Page 113 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726820
--- PAGE 114 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
c. 
additionally, Levin made a $5,000,000.00 investment through Ballamor 
into Nova Bank, a Pennsylvania bank of which Bekkedam sat on the board 
as Chairman. Levin had recently received regulatory approval to fund an 
additional $18,000,000.00 into Nova Bank; 
d. 
Through his misrepresentations, concealment, self-dealing, reckless 
conduct, and gross negligence, Bekkedam abused the trust of his client-
investors in BIF, and breached the fiduciary duties owed to them. 
Bekkedam personally benefitted at these client-investor's expense while 
failing to adequately oversee, audit, or investigate as represented. 
Bekkedam's deceit, recklessness, and breaches of fiduciary duty have 
resulted in these Plaintiffs significant losses. 
F. 
Szafranski, ABS and Onyx 
313. 
Plaintiffs have discovered relative to Szafranski, ABS and Onyx that: 
a. 
the TD Bank account statements provided and verified by Szafranski were 
completely fabricated and incapable of being confirmed. 
In most 
instances, there was either no money in the settlement accounts or the 
amounts contained were hundreds of millions less than what was 
represented in the statements; 
b. 
based upon the forensic evidence accumulated to date, Szafranski and his 
related entities received in excess of $32,000,000.00 in Ponzi investor 
monies; 
Page 114 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726821
--- PAGE 115 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
c. 
additionally, Szafranski's supposed independent auditing firm, Onyx, 
received over six million four hundred and eighty thousand dollars 
($6,480,000.00) in Ponzi money from the Principal Conspirators between 
July 9, 2009, and October 23, 2009, although there should not have been any 
payments between the Principal Conspirators and Onyx for the verification 
work allegedly being performed on behalf of investors; 
d. 
evidence of Szafranski's central role in the Ponzi scheme is detailed in a 
series of e-mails exchanged with Rothstein from Tuesday, October 27, 
2009 through Friday, October 30, 2009. As the Ponzi scheme was rapidly 
unraveling and Rothstein was fleeing to Morocco, Szafranski wrote to 
Rothstein on the 27th, "Barrie is close to calling Spinosa ... can you pit 
call me so I know bob norman didn't steal ur him) and start 
answering ur emails." (emphasis added); 
e. 
on October 29, 2009, Szafranski prepared a detailed list of amounts of 
exposure per account for the following investors: ABS, Ira Sochet and 
Investors Risk, Mel Lifshitz and EMESS; and Coquina, for which 
Rothstein responds that "[s]ince coquina exposure is so small . . . I am 
going to pay them personally so they have no loss . . . so barrie shuts up." 
Szafranski retorts: "Hmmmm hold. Off. He will t[e]ll ira [Sochet]. I'd 
rather you pay me off part of it to get me through any rough patch. 
Love u Mikeyyy" (emphasis added); 
Page 115 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726822
--- PAGE 116 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
f. 
on October 30, 2009, after Szafranski learns that ABS investors will not 
get paid the $866,666.66 due, he writes Rothstein asking him if he can 
"borrow funds to pay the abs cases, I don't want to have to give them 
the explanation and will freak if payments are not sent. i wil repay 
you or the oiler acct when we resume but I need this ... i don't want 
my clients to go crazy over such a small dollar abt love you Call me I 
miss you and I am worried mikeyyy." (emphasis added); 
g. 
later that same morning, Szafranski writes: "it would keep everyone at 
bay if we can get a spinoza letter saying there is x in the acct but due 
to circumstances the money is frozen. Also the letter from opposing 
counsel would be helpful. Love you Mikeyyy" (emphasis added); 
h. 
finally, on October 30, 2009, Szafranski's role in the scheme becomes clear 
as he suggests to Rothstein that he may be able to hold an aggrieved investor 
"off a few weeks if frank [Preve] gives him $37 million plus their abs 
payment. I need to have someone get balances for me to see. Or we can 
have spinosa write a letter detailing each accounts balance since banyon is 
open to taking everyone out. . . Please make this happen or we are all 
done." (emphasis added). 
i. 
these written admissions concealing investor losses by paying borrowed 
money to fill the gap later with future investor monies is Ponzi 101; and 
Page 116 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726823
--- PAGE 117 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
accordingly, Plaintiffs aver that there can be no question that "Mikeyyyy" 
Szafranski is a co-conspirator who made material misrepresentations 
which allowed Rothstein to keep the scheme rolling along. 
G. 
Pearson 
314. 
Plaintiffs have discovered relative to Pearson that: 
a. 
Pearson betrayed investors who entrusted him with their savings by 
conspiring to and/or recklessly feeding his investors' funds into one of the 
largest Ponzi schemes in history. 
Pearson held himself out as an 
investment advisor with an inside-track to an exclusive low-risk, high-
reward investment opportunity all the while knowing the facial 
deficiencies of same; 
b. 
unbeknownst to the investors who Pearson lured into the scheme with 
false assurances, in addition to earning a commission from them, Pearson 
also received a finder's fee payment from Rothstein for each investment 
made. Plaintiffs are currently aware of no less than twenty-one deals 
where Pearson "double dipped", including receiving at least $1,200,000.00 
in so-called finder's fees in September and October 2009 alone; 
c. 
additionally, Pearson as a principal, is imputed with the knowedge of his 
agent, Boden, for whom he hired on or about July 2009, to gain access to 
the Ponzi scheme riches; 
d. 
although Pearson has publically held himself out as a victim, in reality, he 
was a key co-conspirator and indisputable net-winner in this scam. 
Page 117 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726824
--- PAGE 118 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
Pearson's considerable time and efforts in marketing this fraud and 
funneling investor funds into the scheme helped perpetuate the Ponzi and 
provided for his own financial enrichment at the expense of Plaintiffs' 
substantial losses. Pearson's numerous acts of deceit and breaches of 
fiduciary duties in furtherance of the conspiracy have invariably 
contributed to Plaintiffs' losses and he should be held responsible for 
same. 
Page 118 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726825
--- PAGE 119 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
X. Essential Co-Conspirators 
315. 
On January 27, 2010, Rothstein pled guilty to orchestrating one of the largest 
financial frauds in Florida history. As part of his plea agreement with the government, Rothstein 
admitted that for the last four years he was the architect behind the billion plus dollar Ponzi 
scheme aimed at defrauding investors through the sale of fabricated confidential settlements. 
316. 
Rothstein, however, did not act alone in pulling off this financial fraud. The sheer 
scope, size, and sophistication of the fraud necessitated the cooperation and assistance of many 
individuals and institutions who knowingly, recklessly, or with conscious disregard of the 
consequences, participated in the scheme. As alleged herein, Rothstein, along with a number of 
senior RRA employees, feeder funds, financial institutions, financial lenders, accountants, and 
other professionals, willfully collaborated in the Ponzi while recklessly ignoring blatant "red 
flags" evidencing the deceptive conduct. Ultimately, each co-conspirator chose their own 
financial gain over doing what they knew was right. 
317. 
Unquestionably, conspiring with Rothstein was a highly profitable venture. 
Rothstein "feeders," Levin, Preve, Bekkedam, and Pearson capitalized on the "Rothstein 
myth,s30 hoarding tens of millions of dollars in fees for doing little more than funneling investor 
money in to the Ponzi. Professional organizations like TD Bank and Berenfeld also benefitted 
financially by substantially assisting Rothstein in inducing investor finding, by ignoring 
3° Rothstein, like convicted fraudster Madoff, successfully created an "air of exclusivity" around these 
settlements, purposefully creating the illusion that an investor was lucky to be chosen to invest. 
Rothstein's myth was bolstered by his self-created celebrity status which allowed him to hobnob with 
wealthy locals, athletes, and politicians and which tacitly provided him credibility in support of his 
promise of high investment returns. 
Page 119 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726826
--- PAGE 120 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
regulatory and internal safeguards, and by turning a blind eye to the indiscriminate transfer of 
trust fund monies. 
318. 
While the Ponzi scheme could not have succeeded without these co-conspirators' 
contribution, the active participation of other essential co-conspirators to wit: Gibraltar Bank, 
Tracy Weintraub ("Weintraub"), Gary Berkowitz ("Berkowitz") and Brian Leitstein ("Leitstein") 
of Berenfeld, Platinum Partners Value Arbitrage Fund, LP ("Platinum"), and Centurion 
Structured Growth, LLC ("Centurion"), were equally important in pulling off the scam. 
319. 
As described infra, each of the aforementioned individuals and entities either 
chose to become collaborators and co-conspirators in Rothstein's financial fraud or acted in 
gross dereliction of their professional duties. Specifically, each of them, with actual knowledge 
or with reckless disregard, aided and abetted Rothstein by encouraging or rendering substantial 
assistance in breaching their legal, and often times fiduciary, obligations to Plaintiffs and in 
facilitating the underlying fraud. Additionally, each of them was a direct, necessary, and 
substantial participant in the conspiracy who agreed to perform the overt acts for the unlawful 
purpose complained of herein. 
A. 
Gibraltar Bank 
320. 
To execute this financial scam, the Principal Conspirators relied upon the 
cooperation of two very different types of banks. TD Bank, because of its large presence and 
national recognition, served as the banking face of the Ponzi and was critical for attracting a 
certain level of investor. Gibraltar Bank, on the other hand, was the smaller, "home town" bank, 
where the Rothstein name and the weight of his looted millions provided significant clout in 
influencing Gibraltar Bank to knowingly stifle compliance investigations or willfully ignore 
Page 120 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726827
--- PAGE 121 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
innumerable improper and atypical transactions. These overt acts provided substantial assistance 
in making the Ponzi possible. 
321. 
Rothstein, through key Gibraltar Bank employees including Senior Vice President 
John Harris ("Harris") and Vice President Lisa Ellis ("Ellis"), leveraged his clout to cover 
persistent, sizeable account overdrafts and gained unfettered access to the transfer of money from 
RRA trust accounts into RRA operating and then out to Rothstein's personal accounts. These 
"special accommodations" provided Rothstein the necessary opportunity to circulate money out 
of the Ponzi using Harris, Ellis, and other Gibraltar employees as willing team players. 
322. 
Gibraltar Bank maintained several RRA trust and operating accounts along with 
many of Rothstein's personal, family, and business accounts and, as such, was privy to a 
considerable amount of financial information clearly evidencing the fraud. At all times relevant 
hereto, Gibraltar Bank was aware of its duties and responsibilities related to the maintenance of 
these accounts as required by law and by their own internal policies and procedures. 
323. 
Notably, one of the trust accounts maintained at Gibraltar was the RRA Banyon 
Trust Account, which was created in September 2007, to hold funds in trust for the benefit of 
various Banyon entities, including Banyon Income Fund. Gibraltar was aware of the special 
nature of the trust account, had often inquired about its activities, and became concerned over the 
chaotic movement of money in and out of the account supposedly being held for the benefit of 
Banyon. Gibraltar knew that Rothstein was not the true owner of the deposited funds and yet 
participated in the appropriation of these funds from trust accounts to offset overdraft debts in 
RRA's operating and payroll accounts. 
Page 121 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726828
--- PAGE 122 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
324. 
Gibraltar Bank's actions and omissions in conspiring with and/or substantially 
assisting the Principal Conspirators' misconduct, and in relying on key bank insiders to help 
avoid fraud-risk reports and short-circuit suspicious activity inquiries31, enabled the Ponzi 
scheme's success. Without Gibraltar Bank's willing complicity, this Ponzi scheme simply could 
not have been sustained as banks have a duty to safeguard trust funds when confronted with clear 
evidence indicating that those funds are being mishandled. 
325. 
Reasonable inference of Gibraltar Bank's knowledge and implicating 
participation in Rothstein's fraudulent scheme include: 
a. 
Routinely providing the Principal Conspirator's liquidity in the form of 
significant (often daily) overdraft loans used by Rothstein to satisfy 
funding shortfalls--a necessary component for perpetuating a Ponzi 
scheme in leaner financial times; 
b. 
Institution of unusual systems for advising and encouraging the raiding of 
client trust fund accounts to cover significant overdraft deficits in RRA's 
operating, payroll, and Rothstein's own personal accounts for Gibraltar's 
benefit and at the expense of the trust account beneficiaries; 
c. 
Lending legitimacy to the Ponzi by establishing trust accounts where 
Plaintiffs settlement proceeds were allegedly being held so as to give 
investors the appearance that their funds were being carefully monitored 
and safe-guarded; 
The record is replete with Gibraltar Bank imploring Rothstein to reduce the significant overdraft 
deficits for fear, as Harris put it in a 2007 e-mail to Rothstein, that RRA accounts "were starting to show 
up on the wrong reports, t film" (emphasis in original). 
Page 122 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726829
--- PAGE 123 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
d. 
Serving as a clearinghouse used to launder Ponzi money from TD Bank 
trust accounts and elsewhere including diversion of funds not listed in 
initial deposit instructions; 
e. 
Creating the appearance of a profitable law firm and a profitable Ponzi 
business by concealing illegal transfers from trust accounts to cover RRA 
operating account overdraft defaults and failing to disclose these facts 
from other Gibraltar clients supposedly "in business" with Rothstein; 
f. 
Record evidence supporting Rothstein's reliance on senior bank officials 
to quash compliance / fraud-risk investigations into Rothstein's illegal 
activities in violation of internal and federally mandated banking policies; 
g. 
Recommending that clients of Gibraltar's Private Wealth Management 
division invest in Rothstein's Ponzi scheme knowing that the firm was 
teetering on the verge of insolvency while failing to disclose the benefit to 
Gibraltar in helping cure continuing overdraft shortfalls and helping 
appease one of their biggest customer and biggest source of deposits; and 
h. 
Approving the pinball-type transfer of client trust funds in clear violation 
of internal protocols because of Gibraltar Bank's financial incentive to do 
so, namely, to cover overdraft loans to RRA, and provide the needed 
assistance demanded by one of the bank owners (Rothstein owned five 
percent of Gibraltar). 
326. 
As a result of Gibraltar Bank's participation, Rothstein's scheme flourished. The 
Principal Conspirators took in nearly $1.4 billion dollars from investors, nearly two hundred and 
Page 123 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726830
--- PAGE 124 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
eight million of which belonged to the Plaintiffs and has not been returned. Specific examples of 
Gibraltar Bank's overt acts, assistance and/or omissions in furtherance of the conspiracy include: 
a. 
Rothstein learned early in his scheme that he could not convince wealthy 
investors to give him money unless he established relationships with 
financial institutions who would provide a perceived layer of legitimacy 
b. 
The mechanics of Rothstein's operation relied upon maximizing ;his 
sphere of influence over Gibraltar Bank. Rothstein knew that his Gibraltar 
"insiders" would not question the immediate disbursement of wires from 
Banyon or RRA's TD Bank trust/escrow accounts out to RRA operating 
accounts and then to Rothstein's personal accounts. Rothstein also knew 
that his "insiders" would insulate him to minimize risk and compliance 
concerns. 
These acts by Harris, Ellis, and others were vital to the 
scheme's success. 
c. 
When Gibraltar became aware of improper conduct by Rothstein and 
undertook an internal risk/compliance investigation, Rothstein and his 
Gibraltar insiders would spring into action and quickly diffuse the 
situation. In one such instance in May, 2009, Gibraltar Bank's BSA 
(Bank Secrecy Act) Officer Julia Ansari ("Ansari") requested "additional 
supporting information/documentation" regarding the occurrence of 
certain suspicious transactions between May and September 2008,32
Gibraltar Bank waited ten (10) months to inquire into the source of a suspicious fifteen million dollars 
($15,000,000.00) in wire transfers. Curiously, this coincides with the time period in mid 2009 when 
Gibraltar Bank was in the process of being privately acquired and, accordingly, may have been forced to 
reconcile and "clean up" their books in order to facilitate a sale. 
Page 124 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726831
--- PAGE 125 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
including the lack of verification as to the source of the money in question. 
Rothstein attempted to placate Ansari by directing a letter from his 
certified public accountants at Berenfeld which stated that the transactions 
in question were treated as income and would be reflected as revenue on 
RRA's 2008 tax return. Ansari, not fooled by these blanket, unverified 
assertions, continued with the investigation by bringing her concern to the 
attention of Chuck Sanders, Senior Vice President, Chief Risk & Chief 
Compliance Office ("Sanders"). After reviewing the file, Sanders agreed 
with Ansari and the two jointly escalated the matter to Gibraltar Bank's 
CFO, COO and CEO. In the face of Ansari's and Sanders's evidence of 
Rothstein's misconduct, Gibraltar Bank's founder and CEO, Steven D. 
Hayworth, backed by Harris, unceremoniously shut his compliance 
officers down, openly stating that he did not want his compliance officers 
"bothering" one of the bank's best clients. Gibraltar Bank's executive 
team's decision was to accept Berenfeld's unverified letter and to smooth 
things over with Rothstein as he remained a priority client who was 
responsible for bringing in a lot of new business and wealthy clients in to 
the bank. 
d. 
This type of protective coverage was typical from Gibraltar Bank's senior 
management. In fact, in late 2008, then COO Jonathan Hullick "resigned" 
a day after openly confronting Harris in front of several senior 
management officials (including CEO Hayworth) and demanding an 
Page 125 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726832
--- PAGE 126 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
explanation of why the bank's internal compliance and fraud-risk policies 
and regulations were not being applied to clients like RRA and Rothstein. 
CEO Hayworth, supported by other senior management officials, abruptly 
cut Hullick off and demanded that he leave Harris alone as he was doing 
all that was necessary to keep this important client happy. 
e. 
Rothstein was a substantial source of deposits at Gibraltar Bank and, as a 
result, Gibraltar Bank was more than willing to bend (and break) the rules 
to accommodate his needs. The large sums of money deposited into his 
and RRA's accounts provided Gibraltar Bank with an enormous financial 
cushion and allowed the bank the opportunity to enlarge its lending 
practice and aggressively pursue increases to its bottom line. 
f. 
Any time a policy or procedure was put into place that Rothstein did not 
like, he simply threatened to take his business elsewhere and Gibraltar 
Bank, concerned about losing this capital, would promptly buckle. For 
example, Gibraltar bankers Harris and Ellis frequently approved and 
helped cover sizeable overdrafts in the RRA trust and operating accounts. 
Harris and Ellis did this in direct contravention of Gibraltar Bank's own 
internal policies and procedures. 
In an October 17, 2006, e-mail, 
Rothstein was notified that the bank would no longer approve overdrafts 
in excess of $50,000.00. However, after voicing his displeasure, in no 
uncertain terms, with Gibraltar Bank's position, Rothstein was quickly 
Page 126 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726833
--- PAGE 127 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
reassured by Harris and Ellis not to worry. Thereafter, Rothstein enjoyed 
carte blanche overdraft protection, to wit: 
i. 
on February 17, 2007, Harris approved overdrafts in excess of 
$250,000.00 in the RRA and Rothstein accounts; 
ii. 
on May 11, 2007, a $500,000.00 overdraft in the RRA and 
Rothstein account was permitted; 
iii. 
six days later on May 17, 2007, Gibraltar approved a $100,000.00 
overdraft in the RRA accounts; 
iv. 
the next day on May 18, 2007, Gibraltar Bank authorized another 
$180,000 in overdrafts bringing the total to $280,000.00 
"combined overdrafts" in these accounts; 
v. 
on September 28, 2007, two separate RRA accounts were 
overdrawn in the amounts of $585,830.81 and $1,579,865.69, 
respectively; 
vi. 
on June 30, 2008, RRA/Rothstein accounts were overdrawn in the 
amount of $355,000.00. 
vii. 
This pattern of "special treatment" continued throughout 2007, 
2008 and 2009, including: 
I. an October 31, 2008 e-mail from Ellis to Rothstein beginning 
"good morning mi amore, you had a couple of big checks come 
in on your personal account and we need 488k to cover. Let 
Page 127 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726834
--- PAGE 128 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
me know if you want to pull from banyon. Other than that rra 
looks good."; and 
2. a December 5, 2008 e-mail from Harris to Rothstein copying 
Ellis with the subject line "coverage in accounts needed" 
stating: "To cover old [overdrafts] today. RRA operating is 
(42M), Rothstein personal (168M); rra payroll (67M); waww9 
(128M) Riley Renov (I57M) total is -$570,000. please effect 
transfers at your very earliest opportunity. Thanking you in 
advance!!!! Let us know s00000n! Best-John" 
g. 
Gibraltar knew that at the same time Rothstein's payroll and operating 
accounts were overdrawn, Gibraltar's management and compliance 
departments were simultaneously investigating his blatantly irregular 
banking activities. Further, Gibaltar was expressly informed by Rothstein 
himself that the funds in RRA's trust accounts were being held in escrow 
accounts for settlement deals. Notwithstanding, Gibraltar still agreed to 
offset the debts owed by Rothstein in order to recover moneys owed for its 
own benefit. 
h. 
By virtue of these continuous overdrafts, especially those in RRA's trust 
accounts, Gibraltar knew that Rothstein was using his Gibraltar accounts 
to engage in improper conduct. As a result, Gibraltar benefitted from or 
participated in a diversion of the RRA trust funds for non-fiduciary 
purposes. Namely, Gibraltar had actual knowledge that Rothstein, as a 
Page 128 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726835
--- PAGE 129 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
fiduciary, was using funds for his own benefit and in violation of his 
fiduciary duty. 
i. 
By assisting Rothstein to accomplish misappropriation of trust funds, 
Gibraltar, having actual knowledge that fraud was being perpetrated, 
knowingly made itself a party to the fraud. 
j. 
Gibraltar Bank's preferential treatment meant frequently approving and/or 
facilitating atypical banking transactions. For example, in a March 24, 
2008, e-mail to Rothstein, Ellis wrote, "I need to show your payroll 
account as being positive for at least one entire day out of the quarter so it 
does not go on the 90 O/D list which goes in front of the powers that be." 
Essentially, Ellis was affirmatively and gratuitously helping Rothstein 
avoid being flagged for suspicious activity, thereby shielding him from a 
potential bank secrecy act / anti-money laundering (BSA/AML) 
compliance inquiry. 
k. 
For years, Harris, Ellis, and Frank Fernandez ("Fernandez") (collectively 
referred to as the "Gibraltar Bankers"), provided substantial assistance to 
Rothstein by feverishly transferring funds, "no questions asked," in and 
out of RRA's trust accounts. 
Gibraltar had actual knowledge that 
Rothstein was improperly using trust funds for his personal use and acted 
in bad faith when transferring said trust funds to Rothstein's personal 
accounts. Often, as soon as the money was wired to a Gibraltar Bank trust 
Page 129 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726836
--- PAGE 130 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
account, it was immediately disbursed into RRA's operating account and 
then out to Rothstein's personal accounts, to wit: 
i. 
on December 14, 2007, Rothstein ordered the Gibraltar Bankers to 
transfer $750,000.00 from RRA trust account x-5214 to RRA 
operating and then to transfer $723,987.23 from operating to RRA 
Real Estate Trust x-5443; 
ii. 
on June 24, 2008, Rothstein directed a transfer of $402,339.00 
from RRA Banyon trust account to RRA operating and then a 
transfer of $244,500.00 from RRA operating to Rothstein's 
personal account; 
iii. 
on June 26, 2008, Rothstein e-mailed Ellis and Fernandez directing 
the transfer of $293,000.00 from RRA Banyon to RRA operating 
and then directing the transfer of $275,000.00 from RRA operating 
to RRA payroll. Minutes later, Rothstein sent a subsequent e-mail 
directing the transfer of $32,333.00 from RRA Banyon to RRA 
operating and $31,000.00 RRA operating to Rothstein's personal 
account; 
iv. 
on September 22, 2008, Rothstein e-mailed Harris and Ellis to 
transfer $2,000,000.00 from RRA Banyon to RRA operating; 
transfer $500,000.00 from RRA operating to Rothstein's personal 
account; and transfer $125,000.00 from Rothstein's personal 
account to AAMM; 
Page 130 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726837
--- PAGE 131 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
v. 
on October 16, 2008, Rothstein e-mailed Harris and Ellis to 
transfer $100,000.00 from RRA operating to AAMM; transfer 
$358,000.00 from RRA operating to RRA payroll; and transfer 
$1,560,000.00 from RRA operating to Rothstein's personal 
account; 
vi. 
on October 20, 2008, Rothstein e-mailed Harris and Ellis to 
transfer $3,000,000.00 from RRA trust account x-5214 to RRA 
operating; transfer $50,000.00 from RRA operating to RRA 
payroll; and transfer $300,000.00 from RRA operating to 
Rothstein's personal account; 
vii. 
on October 23, 2008, Rothstein e-mailed Ellis to transfer 
$1,300,000.00 from RRA Banyon to RRA operating; and then 
transfer $600,000.00 from RRA operating to Rothstein's personal 
account; 
viii. 
on May 12, 2009, Rothstein e-mailed Stay to transfer $750,000.00 
from an RRA trust account at TD Bank to Gibraltar Bank's 
Banyon trust account; transfer $700,000.00 from RRA Banyon to 
RRA operating; and then transfer $20,000.00 from RRA operating 
to Rothstein's personal account. Stay then instructed Harris and 
Ellis to effectuate same. 
ix. 
These types unquestioned transfers continued throughout 2007, 
2008, and 2009. 
Page 131 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726838
--- PAGE 132 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
I. 
Gibraltar's knew from its internal reports and inquiries that it was serving 
as a clearing hosue for Rothstein's misconduct. As an intermediary bank 
receiving trust funds into a trust account for the benefit of third parties, 
Gibraltar would continuously allow transfers to cover overdrafts in all of 
Rothstein's accounts. Specifically with regard to the special nature of the 
overdrafts in RRA trust accounts, Gibraltar acted in bad faith when it 
transferred funds and appropriated them to set them off against the debt of 
Rothstein. Gibraltar, as a banking institution, was aware that Rothstein's 
banking activities were the quintessence of money laundering but allowed 
and endorsed such illegal behavior. 
m. 
Gibraltar Bank's abdication of its regulatory oversight responsibilities 
regarding the personal and RRA accounts shielded the Ponzi from 
discovery and allowed Rothstein and others to maximize their financial 
gains. To illustrate how money quickly flowed out once a wire hit an 
RRA trust account, below is a list of five e-mail transfer requests from 
Rothstein over a one day period (July 2, 2008): 
i. 
Rothstein's first e-mail to Ellis and Fernandez titled "Here we go" 
sought the transfer of $997,133.00 from RRA Banyon to RRA 
operating; the transfer of $128,005.00 from RRA operating to 
RRA payroll; the transfer of $20.00 dollars from RRA operating to 
WAWW2; and the transfer $101,003.00 from RRA operating to 
Rothstein's personal account; 
Page 132 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726839
--- PAGE 133 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
ii. 
Rothstein's second e-mail to Ellis and Fernandez directed the 
transfer of $98,123.00 from RRA operating to RRA Banyon; the 
transfer of $33,000.00 from RRA operating to RRA payroll; and 
then the transfer of $33,000.00 from RRA operating to Rothstein's 
personal account; 
iii. 
Rothstein's third e-mail to Ellis and Fernandez asks for the transfer 
of another $35,000.00 from RRA operating to Rothstein's personal 
account; 
iv. 
Rothstein's fourth e-mail to Ellis and Fernandez instructs the 
transfer of $160,000.00 from RRA Banyon to RRA operating; and 
then the transfer of $35,000.00 from RRA operatino, to Rothstein's 
personal account; and 
v. 
Rothstein's fifth and final e-mail of the day to Ellis and Fernandez 
directs the transfer of $41,229.63 from RRA trust account x-5214 
to RRA operating; and the transfer of $34,111.00 from RRA 
operating to Rothstein's personal account. 
n. 
Rothstein would also use Gibraltar Bank to funnel money to his family, as 
exemplified in this September 17, 2008 e-mail to Stay directing her to 
have $1,000,000.00 transferred into RRA operating, and then transfer 
$350,000.00 of the $1,000,000.00 into Rothstein's personal account; 
transfer $200,000.00 from his personal account into his parents Bank 
Atlantic account; and finally transfer $75,000.00 from his personal 
Page 133 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726840
--- PAGE 134 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
account into Kim Rothstein's account. Rothstein closes by stating that 
"Billy [Boockver] has all the wire data. 
This needs to be done 
immediately." Stay then e-mailed instructions to Ellis to complete same. 
327. 
Interestingly, although willing to approve and help cover-up indiscriminate 
"overdrafts" and "transfers," Gibraltar Bank apparently was not willing to risk its own money 
when it came to extending Rothstein's line of credit. When Rothstein sought a five million 
dollar line of credit, Gibraltar Bank required that he post a five million dollar CD as security, 
offering further proof that Gibraltar Bank knew that Rothstein was using his Gibraltar accounts 
to engage in misconduct. 
328. 
To put Gibraltar Bank's financial motivation for helping Rothstein into context, 
between July 2008 and September 2008 alone, hundreds of millions of dollars were wired into 
RRA trust and operating accounts at Gibraltar Bank. Moreover, Gibraltar reaped in excess of 
$200,000.00 in NSF (not sufficient funds) overdrafts fees as a result of repeatedly approving and 
helping to cover sizeable overdrafts totaling in excess of $64,000,000.00. 
329. 
These high overdraft fees coupled with Rothstein's ability to get Gibraltar Bank's 
president Hayworth an audience with the biggest names in South Florida provides valuable 
insight as to why Gibraltar was so willing to provide such substantial assistance. 
330. 
Further, Gibraltar's willingness to provide substantial assistance to Rothstein is no 
doubt related to its fear of losing such a great financial resource as a customer. The basis for this 
fear is demonstrated by Rothstein's multiple threats over the years to take his business elsewhere 
whenever he became annoyed by verification or compliance requests. By way of example: 
a. 
on September 8, 2006, an email from Rothstein to Harris in response to 
inquiries regarding overdrafts: "If they are going to start putting pressure 
Page 134 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726841
--- PAGE 135 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
on us again every time the account is od from the previous nights pod they 
can kiss my firm, my consulting group, albert, ovi, ovi's dad, roger, the 
Bahamas deal and all the rest that goes with me goodbye...I will not be 
pushed or pressured by the idiot's in credit ever again. Not for one 
second. And you can tell them if they screw around with me I will be sure 
to tell every other one of their clients that I represent and that I am close to 
exactly what they are doing...that includes the levinsons and some other 
tasty accounts ... I am running a law firm and I have way too much on my 
plate each day to worry about morons in credit who think I am evil 
incarnate and who have no clue how business is actually done. . . You 
and lisa are great and I do not want anything to effect [sic] our relationship 
but after all I have done and what I have clearly proved I can do I will not 
put up with even the slightest level of bullshit from them. You can tell 
them that they should be very wary of testing me at this stage of our 
relationship." 
b. 
on November 13, 2006, another email from Rothstein to Harris in which 
he exclaims "Gotta love it ... ...and tell them to fuck off... ...not 
interested in their heat... ...if they want my friends as clients they just 
need to deal with it when things get a bit dicey... ..." 
c. 
on November 17, 2006 an email from Rothstein to Harris and copied to 
Ellis: "Johnny boy.....we need to establish a protocol with the folks in the 
gables regarding my accounts. Neither you nor I nor Lisa nor Irene needs 
the pressure they apply. ... It sends a message that, in all candor, I find 
repulsive. They cannot be my "best buds" when we are cranking, and then 
forget my name when we have a blip on the screen.....even if it is a major 
blip. They need to chill. They can not be my "best buds" when I am 
doing all I can to refer the bank business and then forget my name when 
they fell like forgetting what I am trying to do for my business and their 
Page 135 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726842
--- PAGE 136 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
business. I bank with you because we treat each other with respect and 
because we understand the true meaning of what it is to be partners in 
something amazing." (Emphasis supplied). Rothstein continues "My firm 
was instrumental in getting the governor elected. 
My firm was 
instrumental in getting 38 other elected officials in Washington and other 
states elected this cycle. Our client list grows every day. And candidly, I 
am just getting warmed up 
and they can either hang on and enjoy the 
ride or I will find someone who will. I can not operate thinking that when 
the shit hits the fan, they will cut and run. Charlie crist shows up here.....I 
call you. I have a client that I think I can sway to change banks, I call you. 
I have a deal that I think I can steer your way.....ie. the Blandin deal that 
we tried to put together, I insist on you. The Bahamas deal....you. I think 
you can benefit from being in with my boys, you are in. We hit a bump, I 
always do what I say I am going to do. You do the same. But your 
superiors or the decision makers do not see it the same way. 
And 
candidly, their nonsense and total lack of respect is growing tiresome. 
Tell them to back off. They are either on the team and want my firm or 
they do not. There is no in between in this type of business relationship." 
d. 
on February 14, 2007, an email from Rothstein to Harris: "I can not be 
bothered by them on a daily basis. I do not care if they are watching. 
They can watch all they want 
that is their prerogative. If they want our 
business, they have to deal with it right now. If they do not want our 
business, commerce bank has just flown its senior guy down from new 
jersey and they just sent us 30 litigation files and wants our accounts. 
.....overdrafts and all ... The bottom line is that business that is as 
politically connected as we are is a hot commodity right now....new 
governor and all.....new appointments and all.....and the presidential 
election just around the corner with roger running mccain." 
Page 136 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726843
--- PAGE 137 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
e. 
on March II, 2009, an email from Rothstein to Harris once again 
threatening to take his business elsewhere: "I do not believe that I am 
being treated as valued customer by gibraltar and candidly, it has grown 
tiresome. . . . i also intend to meet with stu and david boden in the 
morning to discuss ending my banking relationship with gibraltar." 
331. 
For its part, Gibraltar eventually presented Rothstein with a way to avoid those 
pesky compliance requests. At or around the same time the Principal Conspirators' compliance 
issues were reaching a head in mid-2009, Gibraltar Bank's CEO Hayworth was rounding up a 
group of private investors to buy Gibraltar Bank. Rothstein, as it turns out, was one of the 50 
"private" investors courted by Hayworth to assist in the bank's repurchase. Hayworth's strategy 
included ensuring that no individual investor would own more than 9.9 percent of the bank, 
thereby avoiding particular regulatory and statutory compliance requirements necessitated when 
a bank changes control. 
332. 
Around this same time, Harris told Rothstein that because the bank does not 
investigate its owners, he should make sure to participate in this repurchase if he wanted any 
additional compliance issues to go away. On or about September 17, 2009, Gibraltar Bank was 
purchased back from Boston Private Financial Holdings for $93 million, of which Rothstein 
invested five million dollars ($5,000,000.00) for a 5-6% stake. As Harris had promised, 
Gibraltar's concerns about the Principal Conspirators' lingering compliance issues were 
completely quelled simultaneously with Rothstein's investment. Accordingly, Rothstein not 
only purchased an ownership stake in one of his Ponzi banks, but also bought himself a "free 
pass" on the compliance issue, allowing his scam to continue ahead. 
Page 137 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726844
--- PAGE 138 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
333. 
For his part, Rothstein lavished Harris with gifts, including invitations to 
exclusive concerts and sporting events, dinners, gift baskets, and even a vintage $20,000.00 
Rolex watch. It is noteworthy to mention that Gibraltar Bank fired Harris just a few weeks after 
the Ponzi scheme imploded. 
334. 
Gibraltar Bank placed itself at the heart of the Rothstein Ponzi scheme. Despite 
significant suspicious activity and fraud-risk concerns and direct knowledge of RRA's raiding of 
client trust accounts to cover insufficient operating account balances, Gibraltar Bank failed to 
protect its customers, including specific investor Plaintiffs named herein. Gibraltar had actual 
knowledge that Rothstein was not the true owner of the trust funds. Furthermore, Gibraltar's 
actions in offsetting debts owed by Rothstein were in total disregard of banking practices, 
including its own internal policies. It knew that the accounts being raided by Rothstein were 
owned by legal entities separate and apart from Rothstein, individually, and any setoffs 
authorized or ordered by Gibraltar were precluded by law. Gibraltar Bank's failures inexorably 
highlight its role in the conspiracy and directly evidence its financial motive and the substantial 
assistance it provided to the Principal Conspirators' criminal operations. 
335. 
Accordingly, with the help of Gibraltar Bank, Plaintiffs were victimized to the 
tune of hundreds of millions of dollars and, as such, seek recovery from Gibraltar Bank for their 
losses suffered. 
B. 
Berenfeld Employees 
336. 
Rothstein orchestrated the entire scheme around a veil of confidentiality--a 
deliberately opaque strategy meant to be intentionally vague. Although this tact was employed 
Page 138 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726845
--- PAGE 139 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
as a means to deflect direct questioning, the one place this tactical strategy should not have 
succeeded was with his accountants, Berenfeld. 
337. 
Berenfeld, by and through its employees, Weintraub, Berkowitz and Leitstein 
(collectively referred to herein as "Berenfeld Employees"), was uniquely positioned to discover 
the substantial evidence of fraud. Serving as the tax accountants and the preparer of financial 
statements for RRA and Rothstein individually, and as the auditor of Banyon 1030-32, an entity 
with known significant relationships to Rothstein as his principal feeder fund, the Berenfeld 
Employees either intentionally failed to disclose or inexcusably failed to detect obvious warning 
signs that something was amiss. 
338. 
Berenfeld's professional duties mandate that an accounting firm exercise the 
appropriate level of due diligence for the services being performed, to make inquiries when the 
accountant is aware that information supplied by the client is incorrect, incomplete or otherwise 
unsatisfactory, and to withdraw from the representation if additional information is not provided 
to the satisfaction of the accountant. 
339. 
Regrettably, Berenfeld shirked these obligations choosing instead to look the 
other way when presented with direct evidence reflecting Rothstein's breach of fiduciary duty 
and commissions of fraud. 
340. 
Berenfeld relied upon Rothstein as a major referral source directly responsible for 
bringing in several of the firm's major clients including Edify, LLC and its related entities, Jewel 
River Cruise Line US, LLC, RRA Sports & Entertainment, LLC, RRA Goal Line Management, 
LLC, the Bova restaurant chain, and the Rothstein Family Foundation, collectively representing 
— together with RRA — significant revenue for Berenfeld 
Page 139 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726846
--- PAGE 140 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
341. 
The financial benefits of this relationship helped induce Berenfeld to act 
inconsistently with its professional and contractual obligations, asking questions (and getting 
answers) that would have protected Plaintiffs from the abuses of Rothstein. 
342. 
Between July of 2007 until early November of 2009, Berenfeld was engaged by 
RRA and Rothstein individually to perform, inter alia, professional services, including but not 
limited to tax return preparation, tax consulting services, and accounting services such as 
compilation of financial statements, year-end closure of the books, bank account reconciliations, 
staffing for RRA's internal bookkeeping operations, and credit card reconciliations. 
343. 
Furthermore, between September, 2008 and February, 2009, Berenfeld conducted 
an audit of Banyon 1030-32 and related entities. 
The Berenfeld Employees had actual 
knowledge of Rothstein's improper manipulations of RRA for his individual benefit, his use of 
Banyon to secure investors' monies, and his diversion of monies from RRA accounts and 
transfer of same into RRA's operating account, and vice versa, for his personal misuse. That 
misuse included Rothstein's bolstering of RRA's payroll, sponsorships and advertising to 
support his posturing as a major player in Florida legal, political, and philanthropic circles. 
344. 
Rothstein demanded that Berenfeld not disclose RRA accounting information to 
anyone at RRA, including any of its attorneys including the other shareholder and the other so-
called partners and Berenfeld surprisingly agreed to comply with this directive of secrecy. 
345. 
Berenfeld learned of the details of both the dire financial straits of RRA and the 
real source of profligate spending by Rothstein which was supported by the record evidence. 
Significantly, Berenfeld after extensively reviewing and reconciling RRA's operating and trust 
bank accounts, RRA's substantial overdraft positions, and actual knowledge of the NSF (not 
Page 140 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726847
--- PAGE 141 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
sufficient funds) bank charges, knew that the firm was hemorrhaging cash caused by Rothstein's 
profligate spending.33
346. 
As described in the preceding Gibraltar section, on May 27, 2009, Rothstein 
received a letter from Gibraltar Bank BSA Officer Ansari raising concerns over multiple 
suspicious transactions at Commerce Bank (now TD Bank) from July through September, 2008. 
Ansari wrote "[a]s discussed, we need to know and document the purpose of the payments" and 
requested "additional supporting information/documentation." Ansari closed by stating that "[a] 
letter from your CPA supporting the information will be greatly appreciated." 
347. 
Thereafter, Rothstein sent an e-mail to Weintraub entitled "bank crap" writing: 
"Hey bro 
need to see you this afternoon if possible so I can get that nebulous letter over to 
Gibraltar about the fact that I am declaring certain funds as income to my firm . . . ." Weintraub 
then forwards the e-mail on to Berkowitz and the two, without verifying the source of the funds 
in question,34 craft a letter to Gibraltar baldly assuring Ansari that the large deposits "are 
recorded as revenue on the books of the law firm and will be reflected as income on their tax 
return for 2008", adding only that "[t]his information was not audited by our firm ..." 
Between 2005 and October 2009, Rothstein incurred approximately $22 million of credit card charges 
(increasing steadily from $1.2 million in 2005 to almost $7 million in the first ten-months of 2009); 
Berenfeld obtained this knowledge through its reconciliation of RRA's American Express charges for 
each of the compilations and/or annual tax returns that they prepared and because it posted or requested 
that RRA post those summaries of charges to RRA's records. 
Berkowitz testified under oath at a March 17, 2010, bankruptcy examination that he clearly understood 
that Gibraltar Bank was seeking to determine whether or not RRA earned the monies in question during 
the course of delivering legal services to clients. Although he admits he "could see that RRA was 
transferring moneys from trust accounts at Commerce Bank/TD Bank, in sufficiently large numbers, to 
cause Gibraltar Bank, the depository institution, to raise its hand and ask, hey, what is this money for", he 
never made any inquiry of Commerce Bank about the source of these funds. 
Page 141 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726848
--- PAGE 142 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
348. 
During a March 17, 2010, deposition in the related RRA bankruptcy case, 
Berkowitz revealed, under oath, that he and Weintraub altered the original draft of the letter to 
Ansari pursuant to Rothstein's instruction. The original letter stated that "we provide no proof of 
accuracy" and "Mills information was not audited or verified by our firm". At Rothstein's 
direction the phrase "we provide no proof of accuracy" and the words "or verified" were deleted 
from the final letter. 
349. 
Furthermore, Berkowitz admitted under oath that he knowingly failed to comply 
with accounting standards by, for "no real reason," failing to attach a required compilation report 
responsive to financial inquiries being made from an insurance company. Berkowitz also, 
without justification, erroneously omitted the required compilation report when providing 
Gibraltar Bank with a requested RRA statement of assets, liabilities, and stockholders' equity. 
350. 
Additionally, Berkowitz admitted in the same deposition that he made repeated 
mistakes including major failures in verifying the source of funds rapidly being transferred in 
and out of the law firm's trust, escrow, and operating accounts and in not properly accounting for 
the more than twenty million dollar ($20,000,000.00) jump in RRA revenues from 2007 to 
2008.35
351. 
In fact, Berkowitz testified that RRA's CFO Stay "messed up" the balance sheet 
leaving him unsure of the source of the revenue, candidly admitting Is* didn't know what the 
deposits were for and how to report them." Incredibly, and in spite of rampant discrepancies and 
deficiencies, Berkowitz and Weintraub finalized the prepared tax return for filing anyway. 
Berkowitz commented that he "noticed payroll numbers were going up, and it didn't look like there was 
enough law business to justify all these salaries." In fact, in 2009, firm income stood at $9,979,625.00 
while yearly anticipated payroll numbers came out to $29,350,957.22, leaving an astounding 
$19,371,332.22 shortfall. 
Page 142 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726849
--- PAGE 143 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
352. 
Finally, Berkowitz incredulously admits that he believes that the million plus 
dollars ($1,000,000.00) in legal fees supposedly paid to RRA by Gruverman Enterprises (Edify) 
in 2008 was bogus. This too was swept under the rug by the accounting firm. 
353. 
Berenfeld also knew that RRA was not generating nearly enough income from the 
practice of law to justify the rapid increase in the number of attorneys in its Fort Lauderdale and 
other offices, and in the extraordinary expenditures of the law firm. 
354. 
With knowledge of Rothstein's actions and observing his financially damaging 
effects upon RRA, Berenfeld was also retained by Banyon 1030-32 for the purpose of providing 
an independent audited financial statement report to investors and potential investors. At the 
same time Berenfeld was auditing Banyon, it was concurrently preparing tax returns for RRA, 
delivering accounting services to RRA and providing tax advice to Rothstein. 
355. 
As stated in the Banyon 1030-32, LLC engagement letter, Berenfeld agreed to: 
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether the financial statements are free of material 
misstatements, whether from (1) errors, (2) fraudulent 
financial reporting, (3) misappropriation of assets, or (4) 
violations of law or governmental regulations attributable 
to the entity or to acts by management or employees acting 
on behalf of the entity, 
356. 
As part of the preliminary assessment of Banyon's consolidated finances, 
Berenfeld set forth an audit plan to "adequately test" the accounts receivable balance as of 
December 31, 2008. Berenfeld's "primary objective" was to "perform audit procedures to test 
the [e]xistence of the legal settlements" including, inter cilia, verified confirmation: (1) that the 
legal settlements exist; (2) that the defendant transferred plaintiff's settlement funds to the 
escrow trustee (RRA) as agreed to in the settlement; (3) that funds were available in the escrow 
Page 143 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726850
--- PAGE 144 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
account for disbursement to Banyon 1030-32 once an assignment is executed; (4) that the 
assignment agreement included the name of the plaintiff, date of settlement, the amount to be 
paid by Banyon 1030-32 to plaintiff, and the schedule of payments to be disbursed by the escrow 
trustee to Banyon 1030-32; and (5) that Banyon 1030-32's list of receivables was accurately 
reflected. 
357. 
Indeed, Berenfeld's duty in independently verifying these audit procedures was 
heightened by the fact that RRA was the sole source of the to-be-audited assets and was 
responsible for the entire deal flow process as the putative escrow agent.36
358. 
As we now know, each of the settlement deals, including the putative plaintiffs 
and defendants, were all phony. Had the Berenfeld Employees engaged in my meaningful 
attempt to independently verify the legitimacy of these settlements, requested confirmation from 
the debtor/defendant that an agreement was reached, or endeavored to verify that funds were 
wired from the putative defendants, the entire fraud would have been exposed and hundreds of 
innocent investors, including the Plaintiffs, would have been spared financial ruin. Instead, the 
Berenfeld Employees chose to validate the business model, falsely representing to Plaintiffs that 
BIF/Banyon 1030-32 investments were secure and gaining value. 
359. 
Accordingly, the Berenfeld Employees either willfully conspired to wholly 
abandon these duties or acted with gross negligence in forsaking their responsibilities. 
360. 
Additionally, the Berenfeld Employees committed the following overt acts and/or 
omissions in furtherance of the conspiracy. 
Although Berenfeld CPA Partner Robert Bedwell acknowledges in a February 2, 2009 e-mail to 
Leitstein that "fraud risk assessment procedures will need to be performed given the higher fraud risk 
assessment" there is no evidence supporting any implementation of such procedures. 
Page 144 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726851
--- PAGE 145 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
a. 
In a February 19, 2009, e-mail from Preve to Rothstein regarding 
Berenfeld's audit confirmation request received by RRA entitled "Banyon 
Resources Confirmation", Preve encloses "the schedule Berenfeld is 
looking for . . . [which] should be ATTACHED to the confirmation letter 
they are asking you to sign." Preve adds that he thinks "it is important that 
[Rothstein] get this [attachment] down to Tracy [Weintraub] ASAP so we 
can get any feedback to changes . . you might want to make some 
appropriate scribbles on the schedule so that it looks like someone actually 
worked with it 
you know the drill 
" 
This e-mail proves that 
Weintraub was working hand in hand with Preve and Rothstein to help 
"doctor up" an audit confirmation that will satisfy Berenfeld's audit team. 
Remember, the entire purpose of the audit confirmation is for RRA to 
independently authenticate for Berenfeld that the settlements were in fact 
actually purchased by Banyon 1030-32 and, therefore, neither Preve, or 
Weintraub should have had any involvement whatsoever in preparing, 
reviewing, revising, and/or authenticating same. 
b. 
Many of the patent irregularities and inconsistencies described herein 
should have raised a myriad of red flags. 
Several other significant 
warning signs ignored include: 
i. 
as both sophisticated auditors and tax preparers, the Berenfeld 
Employees either did or should have spotted the distorted 
correlation between RRA's firm 
revenues (approximately 
Page 145 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726852
--- PAGE 146 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
$34,000,000.00 in 2007) with the attorneys' fees expected to be 
generated from more than a billion dollars worth of legal 
settlements.37 This discrepancy alone simply cannot be reconciled 
and should have sounded major alarm bells; 
ii. 
Banyon's unexplained exponential jump in revenue from 
$7,956,654.00 in 2007 to $146,005,125.00 in 2008, an increase of 
over 1725%; 
iii. 
the idea that Banyon 1030-32 was operating a billion dollar 
operation with one employee out of shared office space failed to 
raise eyebrows; 
iv. 
the lack of transparency into RRA, including Rothstein's refusal to 
comply with even the most routine of disclosures; 
v. 
in response to Leitstein's inquiry whether a Promissory Note with 
Platinum Partners at a rate of 50% was reasonable and legal, Preve 
responded that "[o]f course it is not reasonable but then neither are 
our discounts.'48; and 
vi. 
the fact that Rothstein was not a registered advisor, that he 
supposedly did not charge any fees for this spectacular lucrative 
opportunity, and that he gratuitously agreed to guaranty the entire 
Even at a conservative 20% contingency fee, gross attorney fee revenue generated from the putative 
settlements would exceed two hundred million dollars ($200,000,000.00). 
Leitstein even joked with other Berenfeld employees who toyed with the idea of telling "the Banyon 
investors we can do better than the 20% return they are getting, lol." 
Page 146 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726853
--- PAGE 147 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
transaction were but a few more of the many glaring, tell-tale signs 
that something was amiss. 
vii. 
Berenfeld knew that excluding a shareholder of a Subchapter S 
company from access to accounting information in its possession 
was not correct or consistent with standard operating procedures or 
professional standards; 
viii. 
Berenfeld prepared tax returns that reported client trust funds in a 
way that did not distinguish between RRA operating cash and 
client trust funds, giving the misimpression that RRA had more 
available cash than it actually owned. Client trust funds are 
commonly 
listed on 
a 
balance 
sheet 
as an " Other Current Asset" along 
with 
an 
offsetting "Other 
Current Liability" and not as "Cash" as shown by Berenfeld; 
ix. 
Berenfeld saw that RRA's trust accounts did not contain investor 
funds in amounts commensurate with the vast sums that RRA's 
books and records reflected as held in trust; 
x. 
Berenfeld knew that RRA's payroll accounts were running large 
negative daily balances and that NSF charges were extensively 
incurred; 
xi. 
Berenfeld knew that RRA was paying for credit card charges that 
Rothstein, his wife, as well as other employees incurred and that 
Page 147 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726854
--- PAGE 148 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
the credit card was used to pay for substantially all costs and 
expenses of the law firm; 
xii. 
Berenfeld sent confirmations, during its 2007 audit of Banyon, to 
Rothstein in order to verify $42 million of investments held in 
attorney trust accounts however no corresponding liabilities were 
reflected on RRA's income tax return or trial balance. Likewise, 
for the 2008 Banyon audit, Berenfeld sent confirmations to 
substantiate $545,000,000 of investments purportedly held in 
attorney trust accounts, yet the RRA trial balance reflected no such 
cash balance or corresponding trust liability; 
xiii. 
Berenfeld failed to comply with its own quality control standards 
by not completing necessary checklists. The RRA work-papers 
produced by Berenfeld do not include copies of their "Tax Return 
Preparation Checklist" which indicates it is a "guideline" and "to 
be used as a working tool in preparation and self-review of tax 
returns"; 
xiv. 
Berenfeld suspected that the revenue reflected in RRA's books was 
not "fee income," as Rothstein and Stay insisted it was, but took no 
steps to track down and document the true source of this revenue; 
xv. 
Berenfeld knew of the wildly inaccurate RRA bookkeeping and 
inadequate accounting personnel evidenced by the way in which 
the books and records were created and maintained, leading to 
Page 148 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726855
--- PAGE 149 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
extraordinary adjustments, tantamount to re-writing the books and 
records of RRA; 
xvi. 
Berenfeld provided a "nebulous" letter to Rothstein to help cover 
up $15,000,000 in suspicious transactions in response to an anti-
money laundering compliance inquiry from Gibraltar Bank (and 
even surprisingly, at the direction of Rothstein to cover up the 
obviously illegal scheme, removed disclaimer language that certain 
information was not "verified"); 
xvii. 
Berenfeld considered it strange that Stay refused to provide copies 
of bank statements, did not insist upon seeing them, despite the 
incredible numbers being provided to Berenfeld; 
xviii. 
Berenfeld recognized that information concerning transfers from 
trust accounts made "no sense" but did not pursue the true source 
of these transfers, which information was readily available in the 
documentation concerning the Banyon audit; 
xix. 
Berenfeld prepared 2006 compiled financial statements for RRA 
which reflected current liabilities in excess of current assets; which 
reflected positive available cash of only approximately $4,000; and 
which reflected distributions made of 99% of the alleged current 
year's net income; 
xx. 
Berenfeld knew that operating cash balances were significantly 
overdrawn at the end of each year from 2005 to 2008; 
Page 149 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726856
--- PAGE 150 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
xxi. 
Berenfeld observed that tens of millions of dollars of "loans/fee 
income" were being deposited into RRA's various trust and 
operating accounts without any supporting documentation to 
support shifting revenues from trust accounts to operating and 
payroll accounts; 
xxii. 
Berenfeld's requests to see detailed information concerning trust 
accounts and fee income were rebuffed by Villegas, and neither 
followed up, protested, nor refused to sign the tax return for that 
year; 
xxiii. 
Berenfeld adjusted RRA's 2007 and 2008 income by almost 
$95,000,000 
under 
suspicious 
circumstances. 
Berenfeld 
reclassified this liability as income in order to keep the books in 
balance — a liability that remains and that the RRA estate has to 
deal with; 
xxiv. 
Berenfeld prepared the 2006 compiled financial statement without 
an accountants' report which should have indicated the level of 
services being performed; and 
xxv. 
Berenfeld sent RRA's 2006 financial statements to third parties 
(including an insurance company and a bank), without indicating 
whether the financial statement was the product of a 
"compilation," or "review" in violation of AICPA's reporting 
requirements. 
Page 150 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726857
--- PAGE 151 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
c. 
For his part, Rothstein lavished Weintraub with gifts, including invitations 
to exclusive concerts and sporting events, dinners, gift baskets, and even 
an expensive watch. 
d. 
Weintraub, a partner on the Executive Committee at Berenfeld and head of 
its office in Fort Lauderdale, had access to and personal knowledge of 
RRA's, Rothstein's and Banyon's financial information. 
e. 
Serving in multiple capacities as auditor of Banyon, accountant and tax 
preparer for RRA, and tax preparer for Rothstein individually, and 
accountant for various Rothstein businesses, Berenfeld failed to comply 
with basic provisions of the AICPA Code of Professional Conduct and 
applicable provisions of the Statement on Standards of Accounting and 
Review Services ("SSARS"). And of course its audit of Banyon was 
woefully inept; it was not conducted in accordance with Generally 
Accepted Auditing Standards ("GAAS"). 
f. 
As both tax accountants for RRA and Rothstein and as auditor for Banyon, 
Berenfeld routinely observed multi-million dollar transfers made from 
Banyon's trust accounts into RRA's trust accounts, payroll account, and 
operating account. In fact, Weintraub — the preparer signatory on the RRA 
tax returns — had knowledge of and full access to Banyon's financial 
information. He was the originator and concurring audit partner on the 
Banyon audits and he participated in service delivery to Banyon. 
Page 151 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726858
--- PAGE 152 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
361. 
Berenfeld neglected its responsibilities under applicable professional standards to 
provide accounting services consistent with the standards required of a public accounting firm. 
362. 
The Berenfeld Employees' colossal failure in not identifying and/or paying 
attention to the glaring red flags is at best gross professional error. However, compounding these 
patent failures the Berenfeld Employees intentionally, or with reckless disregard, issued an 
unqualified audit opinion letter which they knew would be attached as a critical representation in 
BIF / Banyon 1030-32's Confidential Offering Memorandum (described in detail in Section VII, 
A, supra).39
363. 
The Berenfeld Employees were aware that prospective and existing investors in 
BIF/Banyon 1030-32, like Plaintiffs, were the intended beneficiaries of their audit work and 
foreseeably would rely on the Confidential Offering Memorandum as a means to investigate and 
confirm BIF/Banyon 1030-32's financial health. As a result, the Berenfeld Employees owed the 
limited partners of BIF, including the Banyon Investors, Cooper Management, Razorback, D3 
and others a duty to act as an attentive and skeptical auditor as required under the Generally 
Accepted Auditing Standards ("GAAS"). 
364. 
The audit procedures performed by Berenfeld were entirely mechanical exercises 
with minimal to no audit value. The integrity of the underlying data used to derive their opinion 
was neither independently verified nor evaluated for reasonableness.4° 
Berenfeld failed to 
"In our opinion, the consolidated financials statements referred to above present fairly, in all material 
respects, the consolidated financial position of Banyon 1030-32, LLC and Affiliates as of December 31, 
2008 and 2007 .. . ." 
The audit files do not reflect that my verification was made by any independent third-party as to the 
reasonableness of these settlements and/or business models. In fact, had Berenfeld even minimally 
endeavored to test the reasonableness of these settlements they would have quickly discovered that the 
volume of putative assets being purchased was completely unattainable and the model wholly 
unsustainable. 
Page 152 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726859
--- PAGE 153 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
implement procedures to adequately test Banyon controls as they relate to money laundering 
despite increased professional obligations imposed upon auditors to make such fraud 
assessments. Berenfeld even performed certain accounting procedures which should have been 
done by Banyon and, as a result, meant that Berenfeld was actually auditing its own work. This 
utter lack of independence highlights Berenfeld's audit deficiencies, a list which also includes: 
a. 
ignoring substantial evidence of RRA and Banyon commingling funds; 
b. 
disregarding the inadequacy of BIF/Banyon 1030-32's reserves; 
c. 
failing to determine how the BIF/Banyon 1030-32 accounts were 
maintained and reconciled to conclusively establish that new monies were 
not being used to pay old obligations; 
d. 
never asking for and, therefore, never receiving any of RBA's bank 
statements showing the massive account balances needed as support to 
corroborate the receivable being audited; 
e. 
not obtaining a better understanding of the confidential settlement 
purchase business model in order to better formulate proper verification 
procedures; 
f. 
wholesale acceptance of unsupported management representations 
embodied in key components of the independent auditor's report; and 
providing BIF/Banyon 1030-32 an editable Word format of their audited 
financials, rather than a "locked" PDF version, for inclusion in Banyon's 
Confidential Offering Memorandum. 
Page 153 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726860
--- PAGE 154 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
365. 
Berenfeld's compilation of work papers, background information, and 
documentation should have raised serious questions about the integrity of RRA's operations. 
Rather than diligently perform their sacrosanct duty, the Berenfeld Employees cavalierly gave 
their seal of approval to a Ponzi scheme premised upon phantom investments, paying phantom 
plaintiffs, and authenticating phantom receivables. 
Berenfeld's decision to rely on purely 
arbitrary assumptions and self-serving management representations in formulating its 
unqualified41 audit opinion are unforgivable errors providing either direct evidence of the 
Berenfeld Employee's overt actions in furtherance of the scam or conclusively demonstrating the 
reckless disregard of their professional duties.42 
Either way, the Berenfeld Employees are 
culpable for keeping this Ponzi scheme alive. 
366. 
The Berenfeld Employees were the last line of defense that had the means and 
opportunity to expose the largest Ponzi scheme in Florida history. With multiple inroads to 
discover the Rothstein fraud, principally in its position as the Principal Conspirators' tax 
accountants and as the only auditor with access to verify and confirm the Principal Conspirators' 
settlement deal flow, the Berenfeld Employees were in the best position of any other co-
collaborator to detect the Ponzi scheme. Instead, the Berenfeld Employees elected to do nothing 
Berenfeld's Independent Auditor Report contained neither a scope of limitation nor a qualification 
confining their opinion. 
It is noteworthy to mention that Berenfeld was recently reprimanded on February 28, 2008, by the 
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the "PCAOB") for what the PCAOB inspection team 
identified as considerable audit deficiencies. The PCAOB report revealed that lithe deficiencies 
identified in one of the Itterenfeldi audits reviewed included a deficiency of such significance that it 
appeared to the inspection team that the Finn did not obtain sufficient competent evidential matter to 
support its opinion on the issuer's financial statements. That deficiency was the failure to perform audit 
procedures related to revenue recognition. The auditing deficiency described above related to auditing an 
aspect of an issuer's financial statements that the issuer revised in a restatement of its financial 
statements, subsequent to inspection fieldwork." (emphasis added). 
Page 154 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726861
--- PAGE 155 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
but intentionally or recklessly ignored a list of red flags as long as the list of victims. 
Undeniably, in failing to properly conduct its audit and failing to properly prepare the Principal 
Conspirators' tax returns, Berenfeld substantially assisted the perpetration of the fraud. 
367. 
Without the Berenfeld Employees' cooperation in the conspiracy and/or gross 
incompetence, Rothstein's billion dollar Ponzi scheme would not have survived for as long as it 
did. These errors and omissions are at best examples of gross negligence and at worst evidence 
of Berenfeld's complicity in the Ponzi. Accordingly, Plaintiffs seek recovery from the Berenfeld 
Employees for their losses suffered. 
C. 
Platinum and Centurion 
368. 
This Ponzi scheme, like so many before it, was all about the money. Money 
motivated the Ponzi's inception, fueled its growth, and ultimately caused its crater. 
369. 
Over the last four years, the Principal Conspirators amassed more than a billion 
dollars worth of private investments, the bulk of which originated from feeder hedge funds. These 
hedge funds provided access to large sums of investor money and lent critical financial credibility to 
the legitimacy of the Principal Conspirators operations. 
370. 
Two of the hedge funds at the center of the Rothstein scheme were Platinum and 
Centurion. Platinum and Centurion, by and through inter-related acting agents, managers, and 
officers Jack Simony ("Simony"), Ari Glass ("Glass"), Brian Jedwab ("Jedwab"), Gilad Ratter, 
and Mark "heir" Nordlicht ("Nordlicht"), obtained actual knowledge of the Ponzi in early 2009. 
However, rather then pursue their contractual rights which would have ended the fraudulent 
scheme, Platinum and Centurion elected to conceal the damning information, to affirmatively 
Page 155 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726862
--- PAGE 156 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
misrepresent and/or induce other investors into the scheme, and to willfully accept payment of 
dirty Ponzi money. 
371. 
As described herein, Platinum and Centurion's actions in furtherance of the 
conspiracy and/or substantial assistance in aiding and abetting the fraud were selfishly motivated 
and deliberately intended to protect their own investments to the detriment of others, including 
the Plaintiffs, for which they should be held liable. 
372. 
Platinum and Centurion were both introduced to the Ponzi scheme by Levin, 
Preve, and Banyon in early 2008. 
373. 
On June 26, 2008, Platinum entered into a Credit Agreement with Banyon 
Investments, LLC, whereby Platinum agreed to make available one hundred and fifty million 
dollars ($150,000,000.00) in a revolving credit line for purchase of settlement interests secured 
by a Second Amended & Restated Promissory Note dated September 24, 2008, in the principal 
amount of one hundred and fifty million dollars ($150,000,000.00). 
374. 
On April 3, 2008, Centurion entered into a Credit Agreement with Banyon 
Funding, LLC, whereby Centurion agreed to make available fifty million dollar ($50,000,000.00) 
in a revolving credit facility for purchase of settlement interests secured43 by a Amended & 
Restated Promissory Note dated September 25, 2008, in the principal amount of fifty million 
dollars ($50,000,000.00). 
375. 
Significantly, the Credit Agreement called for Platinum and Centurion to pre-
approve any settlement interest being purchased before drawing down on the revolving credit 
line. As agreed, Banyon would submit a detailed Request for Advance spelling out all relevant 
Banyon provided additional collateral for both the Platinum and the Centurion Credit Arrangements in 
the form of a first priority perfected lien on the interests being acquired, along with a personal guaranty 
from Levin. 
Page 156 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726863
--- PAGE 157 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
terms and conditions including: (1) copies of the redacted settlement documents44; (2) the total 
settlement purchase price and amount of the requested advance; (3) an acknowledgement of 
assignment of settlement proceeds executed by Escrow Agent (RRA) and Banyon; (4) RRA's 
acknowledgment of defendant's payment in full on the entire settlement proceeds; and (5) a date 
specific schedule of loan repayment consistent with terms of the settlement agreement being 
purchased. 
376. 
Platinum and Centurion knew, prior to accepting the purchase of any settlement 
interest, that the entire settlement proceeds were prefunded in an RRA escrow account and that 
each enjoyed a preferred security interest. 
377. 
Beginning in late 2008, Centurion's Managing Director Jedwab began expressing 
concerns to Kalter, Glass, Simony, and Nordlicht over the dramatic increase in the settlement 
amounts being made available and the ever increasing rates of return. That suspicion spread, and 
soon Platinum and Centurion both began raising concerns over RRA's entire operations. 
Platinum and Centurion agreed that additional substantive due diligence was needed. 
378. 
Because Jedwab has extensive knowledge of the settlement industry, he was 
designated as the lead in Platinum and Centurion's due diligence investigation. In early 2009, 
after several Platinum and Centurion loans became delinquent, Jedwab issued an unfavorable 
report highlighting significant due diligence concerns which, ultimately, caused a dramatic slow 
down in the amount of settlements being purchased. 
Redacted settlement documents include: (a) a retainer agreement between escrow agent (RRA) and the 
putative plaintiff showing the fees paid to the escrow agent (RRA) by the putative plaintiff for the 
services rendered (whether contingent or otherwise); (2) a settlement agreement showing the amount of 
the proposed liquidated settlement payment, and the frequency and amounts of the disbursement of same 
by escrow agent (RRA); (3) a sale and transfer agreement executed by putative plaintiff; and (4) a sale 
and transfer agreement executed by Banyon. 
Page 157 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726864
--- PAGE 158 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
379. 
This slowdown in funding caught Rothstein off-guard and created an 
unanticipated cash crunch as there was no longer a steady flow of dollars coming through the 
Ponzi doors. Banyon and RRA worked with Platinum and Centurion to try and assuage them to 
continue funding by attempting to address their most pressing concerns. 
380. 
However, Rothstein's Ponzi deficit continued to mount and by late March, early 
April 2009, the burden became unmanageable. Knowing he could no longer sustain the Ponzi, 
Rothstein concocted a story about how Platinum's and Centurion's halt in funding caused a 
client settlement backlog and, as a result, he was facing imminent Florida Bar suspension and a 
total freeze on RRA's accounts. This was Rothstein cover story for why mounting scheduled 
settlement payments were not being made to Platinum and Centurion. 
381. 
Platinum and Centurion knew that there was no such impending Bar suspension 
and that there was no way--absent criminal charges and issuances of an injunction--for a law 
firm's entire assets, including client trust accounts, to be frozen. 
382. 
Instructively, despite Platinum's and Centurion's knowledge of a problem and 
rather then pursue the contractual security rights so carefully put in place to protect their interest 
in the event something like this happened, Platinum and Centurion proceeded in an entirely 
different manner. 
383. 
As their due diligence revealed, Rothstein was engaged in a Ponzi fraud and they 
knew there was no money to be paid. Accordingly, Platinum and Centurion were faced with a 
dilemma--either (1) write down the entire investment loss and walk away, or (2) reveal to the 
world that they were duped into a Ponzi scheme which is tantamount to financial suicide for an 
investment hedge fund. 
Page 158 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726865
--- PAGE 159 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
384. 
However, Platinum and Centurion did not choose either of these options and, 
instead, decided to pursue a third option which was to work with Rothstein and Banyon to get 
their money back. Platinum and Centurion understood that the more money the Ponzi scheme 
brought in, the more money there was to pay Platinum and Centurion back Consequently, 
Platinum and Centurion first agreed to forego a default of Banyon which would cast a large 
shadow over the entire strategy and reveal the underlying fraud. 
Second, Platinum and 
Centurion agreed to extol the virtues of the investment strategy when identified as a reference for 
other potential investors by Banyon and RRA. Finally, Platinum and Centurion actively assisted 
in helping solicit new investors by, inter alia, knowingly misrepresenting the security of their 
investment position and return history. 
385. 
Platinum and Centurion followed this "game plan" by initially not defaulting 
Banyon despite tens of millions of dollars in delinquent scheduled payment due, electing instead 
to actively conceal the same from their own investors. Platinum and Centurion also extolled the 
virtues of the investment strategy as a reference for Banyon and RRA including, inter alia, to 
Gibralt US, Inc. Gibralt was an early investor through Banyon who, similar to Platinum and 
Centurion, grew wary of the growing case settlement pipeline. After conducting significant due 
diligence, on April 1, 2009, Gibralt US, Inc. decided "to pass" on continuing to purchase 
settlement deals. However, Banyon persuaded Gibralt to reach out to Platinum and Centurion 
and, on April 5, 2009, Rothstein, in an e-mail to Preve and Levin, revealed that "For what it is 
worth they [Gibralt] are still doing due diligence on us. They contacted art [Glass] the day after 
they told u they were out to see if he thought it was a solid investment and he advised absolutely 
yes. S0000 We shall see. Love ya Rh hood of the bronx" (emphasis added). 
Page 159 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726866
--- PAGE 160 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
386. 
Finally, Platinum and Centurion substantially assisted in inducing new 
investments into the scheme by knowingly misrepresenting and/or omitting material information 
in conversations with potential investors. By way of example, as Clockwork began undertaking 
its due diligence investigation, Preve suggested that Clockwork speak with some of their other 
big New York hedge fund investors, Platinum and Centurion. In August 2009, a Clockwork 
representative spoke with Simony who represented: (1) that Platinum and Centurion had 
conducted extensive due diligence on every aspect of the Rothstein investment and that it was a 
solid investment; (2) that the investments were performing and, as a result, they were continuing 
to invest; and (3) that they "love the opportunity" and would recommend investing with 
Rothstein. Simony also pointed out there initial concern over the lack of transparency regarding 
the identities of the parties to the settlements and were successful in negotiating with Rothstein 
and Banyon for the appointment of an independent third-party verifier. Michael Szafranski was 
chosen by Platinum and Centurion to be the independent third-party verifier because he lived in 
Miami and was well-known as a childhood friend to a high level executive at Platinum and 
Centurion (later revealed to be Kalter). Furthermore, Simony represented that Platinum and 
Centurion took the following actions to mitigate any risk associated with the investment: 
a. 
they required RRA to move their trust accounts from Gibraltar to TD Bank 
as the later was a more established international bank with presumably 
greater internal controls and less susceptible to possible influence by 
Rothstein; 
Page 160 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726867
--- PAGE 161 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
b. 
they negotiated withRothstein to consent to the appointment of Michael 
Szafranski as a third party verifier to review unredacted settlement 
documentation; and 
c. 
they personally met with Spinosa and other TD representatives to confirm 
trust account balances on location at TD Bank branch offices. 
387. 
Based on these affirmative misrepresentations, Razorback and D3 invested in the 
Ponzi scheme and lost more then fifty million dollars ($50,000,000.00). 
388. 
Additionally, other reasonable inferences of Platinum's and Centurion's actual 
knowledge of the fraud and evidence of their substantial assistance in furtherance of the scheme 
is evidenced by: 
a. 
As alleged herein, Platinum and Centurion did not just sit idly by while 
Rothstein endeavored to re-direct Ponzi money back to them but, instead, 
actively concealed discovery of the fraud and affirmatively assisted in the 
inducement of other investments into the Ponzi which ultimately 
accelerated repayment to them. 
b. 
Following the terms of the Credit Agreement and related documentation, 
each Platinum and Centurion repayment was to be made pursuant to a pre-
determined fixed schedule. Additionally, because the putative defendants 
funded the entire settlement into an RRA escrow account prior to 
purchase, there would never be an occasion for the funds to be missing or 
a plausible explanation for why funds needed to be borrowed. Moreover, 
it is inconceivable that Platinum and Centurion would receive any loan 
Page 161 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726868
--- PAGE 162 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
repayment from RRA instead of Banyon, as the loan obligation was 
exclusively Banyon's. Yet, as revealed in an April 29, 2010 e-mail 
correspondence from Rothstein to Simony, Platinum and Centurion 
knowingly accepted "borrowed" funds not from RRA's escrowed trust 
accounts. "I have borrowed the 15m [$15,000,000.00] to pay platinum 
this week." (emphasis added). The e-mail alone is direct evidence of the 
fraud because, as stated supra, Platinum and Centurion knew that 
Rothstein should not need to borrow any money to secure repayment and 
likewise knew that their repayment should be from Banyon Funding, LLC 
and not from RRA. 
c. 
On April 8, 2009, Levin sent a letter to Centurion expressing "deep[] 
concern[s] about [Centurion's] unilateral decision to cease funding and the 
position this has placed Banyon relative to other third parties." In the 
same letter, Levin articulates that he is troubled by Centurion's refusal "to 
share the results of your due diligence investigations" despite several days 
of meetings with Rothstein which apparently raised considerable red flags; 
d. 
On April 13, 2009, Will Slota of Platinum Partners the general partner of 
Platinum wrote to Preve copying Nordlicht, An Glass, and J. San Filippo 
of Platinum expressing concern over receipt of an unexplained partial 
payment stating that, "Moments ago, Banyon Investments Collection 
received a wire in the amount of $256,250. . . The payment amount due 
to Banyon Investments Collection today is $7,765,300.94 [not 256,250]. 
Page 162 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726869
--- PAGE 163 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
Please advise." Based upon the deal structure and the unambiguous 
representation that the settlement money was pre-funded and being held in 
a designated escrow account, a partial payment cannot be explained and 
further confirmed what they already knew, namely that this was fraud; 
e. 
Later that day after completing a $3,666,666.67 wire transfer, Rothstein 
writes to Simony stating "jack, I will be awaiting receipt of one half [of 
the wire amount] back today as per your direct assurances." This type of 
circular funding is a core component for perpetrating a Ponzi scheme and 
serves as prima facia evidence on the parties agreement to defraud; 
f. 
On May 1, 2009 Nordlicht sent Rothstein an e-mail concerning a 
suspicious investor "who is going to blow up my fund on mon and create 
major headaches for all involved. [The investor] wants to do it now 
already but I held him off by saying I gave george [Levin] my word. 
Please any wire at all is mustered today will help stabilize the situation 
even if full amount doesn't come until Monday. PLEASE HELP-I'm 
dying here ...."; 
g. 
On May 6, 2009, Rothstein e-mails Nordlicht that "Obviously, given these 
and all the other pendent circumstances, Banyon and my firm expect that 
you will not issue a default against Banyon. I am certain that given all of 
our conversations and all that has transpired, you understand that such an 
act would serve no one's purpose, with a result none of us want."; 
Page 163 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726870
--- PAGE 164 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
h. 
Later that day, Preve sent Rothstein an e-mail relaying a message that 
"Jack [Simony] asked if you could look at sending something to the other 
two funds to keep them quiet as well 
i. 
On May 7, 2009, Nordlicht e-mailed Preve stressing that he needs 
$6,500,000.00 "for [P]latinum today whether it be from yesterdays funds 
or if the bar releases everything. I cannot nail down nav without it and 
investors are starting to ask q's. MUST HAVE TODAY." This e-mail 
was followed by an e-mail from Preve to Rothstein writing that "Jack 
[Simony] seems to think Mark [Nordlicht] is going off the deep 
end 
says they need something to keep them alive 
j. 
On May 11, 2009, Rothstein sent Preve an e-mail entitled "WIRE" stating 
that "According to Jack [Simony] everybody is on board with our game 
plan this week."; 
k. 
On May 18, 2009 there is a series a significant e-mails which starts with 
one from Nordlicht to Preve and Simony beginning "Frank — just a 
friendly reminder we are behind 1.5 million from the end of last month 
and have an additional 15 [million] due today. I am told centurion and 
level 3 are owed 1.5 each today as well. Hopefully the logjam is breaking. 
Don't mean to be a nag (we leave that to Jack) but feeling a lot of pressure 
on my end." Preve then forwards the e-mail onto Rothstein who answers, 
"What the hell is that bullshit about u being concerned about the lack of 
direct releases...0 make me sound like the problem. And I didn't start this 
Page 164 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726871
--- PAGE 165 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
shit. Don't hang me out to dry with these motherfuckers." Finally, Preve 
replies, "....concerned? I am petrified....if word gets out that we are 
$125m past due we will never see another cent in r d party fundings 
including the PPM. We will have the auditors looking at the books in 
another 12 days and that also gives me great concern....it is so easy to see 
the sudden lack of releases and you know auditors...everything has to be 
explained in footnotes....and by the way, no one if throwing you under the 
bus....all we have done is support you at every single turn and we will 
continue to do so. The fact that I am concerned that 25% of our portfolio 
is past due should not come as a surprise to you. to the Bar, to God, or to 
anyone else that notices that I am walking around smelling like I just peed 
my pants 
"(emphasis added); 
I. 
On June 9, 2009, Simony received an e-mail from Preve entitled 
"UPDATE" — "Sent 500k to Cent and 500k to Level 3 because Mark 
[Nordlicht] said to do it per Scott. Tomorrow is 1m [$1,000,000.00] for 
Plat and 500k for each of the little guys." On June 10, 2009, Simony 
responds writing, "Hey frank - Hope all is well. Can it be changed to both 
million go platinum today? Let me know."; 
m. 
Again on June 23, 2009 after Preve e-mailed Simony to expect tomorrow 
"1.5m Plat, 250k Cent, 250k L3" Simony responds requesting "to have 
500 go to Cent this time and next time send 500 to L3? Simply internal 
pressures, please let me know."; and 
Page 165 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726872
--- PAGE 166 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et at, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et at 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
n. 
On October 15, 2009, Preve writes Rothstein that he "Need[s] to send 
something so I can send something to Jack -- he is key figure now in 
acting as go between forf [sp] the new hedge fund investors and 
Centurion/Platinum....they are deeply suspicious that no one from Plat is 
calling them back. If Jack is going to risk his credibility, he needs to be 
compensated 
o. 
According to Scott Rothstein, Preve and Simony worked on numerous 
"side deals" whereby the two men individually profited through lucrative 
commissions and finders fees by inducing other investors into the Ponzi 
389. 
Through their actions and omissions, Platinum and Centurion fraudulently 
inflated their investment returns using Ponzi money to repay what would otherwise be significant 
realized losses. 
390. 
Platinum and Centurion had first-hand information of damaging facts, evincing 
their knowledge and ultimately, rendering them liable to Plaintiffs for their damages suffered. 
XI. Jurisdiction and Venue 
391. 
This court has jurisdiction over this matter as an action for damages in excess of 
$100,000,000.00 exclusive of attorneys' fees, costs and interest. 
392. 
Venue is appropriate Broward County, Florida, pursuant to § 47.011, Fla. Stat., 
because the cause of action accrued in Broward County, Florida. 
393. 
All conditions precedent, if any, have been met, waived or excused. 
394. 
Plaintiffs have retained the undersigned firm and have agreed to pay it a 
reasonable fee. 
Page 166 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726873
--- PAGE 167 ---
Razorback Funding, LLC, et aL, v. Scott W. Rothstein, et aL 
Complex Litigation Division - Case No.: 09-062943 (19) 
Third Amended Complaint 
Page 167 of 2210 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP, 633 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
EFTA00726874

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726875.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726875.pdf
----------------------------------------
FARIEY W ITALICS 
SA/20061:46:05 AM 
Prostitution, Trafficking, and Cultural Amnesia: 
What We Must Not Know in Order To Keep the 
Business of Sexual Exploitation Running Smoothly 
Melissa Farleyt 
INTRODUCTION 
"Wise governments," an editor in the Economist opined, "will accept that 
paid sex is ineradicable, and concentrate on keeping the business clean, safe 
and inconspicuous."' That third adjective, "inconspicuous," and its relation to 
keeping prostitution "ineradicable," is the focus of this Article. Why should the 
sex business be invisible? What is it about the sex industry that makes most 
people want to look away, to pretend that it is not really as bad as we know it 
is? What motivates politicians to do what they can to hide it while at the same 
time ensuring that it runs smoothly? What is the connection between not 
seeing prostitution and keeping it in existence? 
There is an economic motive to hiding the violence in prostitution and 
trafficking. Although other types of gender-based violence such as incest, rape, 
and wife beating are similarly hidden and their prevalence denied, they are not 
sources of mass revenue. Prostitution is sexual violence that results in massive 
tMelissa Farley is a research and clinical psychologist at Prostitution Research & Education, a San 
Francisco non-profit organization. She edited PRGSTITIMON. TRAFFICKING. AND TRAUMATIC STRESS in 
2003, which contains contributions from important voices in the field, and she has authored or 
contributed to twenty-five peer-reviewed articles. Farley is currently engaged in a series of cross-cultural 
studies on men who buy women in prostitution. and she is also helping to produce an an exhibition that 
will help shin the ways that people see prostitution, pornography. and sex trafficking. 
On the one-year anniversary of her death. I note that Andrea Dworkin's life and her words changed my 
life. Catharine MacKinnon's wisdom about exactly how women get hurt by men. her generous heart. 
and her fabulous critical reviews, have made it possible for me to keep writing. Margaret Baldwin. a 
brilliant and compassionate attorney who is in the process of setting up a state-of-the-an treatment 
center for women escaping prostitution. has been a joy to work with. Nikki Craft's vigilance. her 
devotion to cyberspace. and her saucy attitude are an inspiration to me. And thank you to Dorchen 
Leidholdt for saying to me in the back of that bus near Beijing. "why don't you compare other countries 
to the US—that hasn't been done before? And write about the emotional harms why don't you?" 
I thank Emily Teplin and Zachariah Bo Summers at Yale Law School for their assistance and their 
dedication in editing this paper. 
1. The Sex Business. THE ECONOMIST. Feb. 14. 1998. at 17. 
Copyright 
2006 by the Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
EFTA00726875
--- PAGE 2 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 I:66:05 MA 
102 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
(Vol. 18:N 
economic profit for some of its perpetrators.2 The sex industry, like other 
global enterprises, has domestic and international sectors, marketing sectors, a 
range of physical locations out of which it operates in each community, is 
controlled by many different owners and managers, and is constantly 
expanding as technology, law, and public opinion permit. Many governments 
protect commercial sex businesses because of the monstrous profits. Like 
slavery, prostitution is a lucrative form of oppression.3 And both slavery and 
prostitution are rife with every imaginable type of physical and sexual violence. 
The institutions of prostitution and slavery have existed for thousands of 
years, and are so deeply embedded in cultures that they are invisible to some. 
In Mauritania, for example, there are 90,000 Africans enslaved by Arabs. 
Human rights activists have traveled to Mauritania to report on slavery, but 
because they think they know what slavery looks like and because they do not 
see precisely that stereotype in action—for example, if they do not see bidding 
for shackled people on auction blocks—they conclude that the Africans 
working in the fields in front of them are voluntary laborers who are receiving 
food and shelter as salary.4
Similarly, if people do not see exactly the stereotype of what they think 
"harmful" prostitution/trafficking is, for example, if they do not see a girl being 
dragged at gunpoint from one location to another, or if they see an eighteen 
year old who says, "I like this job and I'm getting rich," then they do not see 
the harm. Prostitution tourists and local johns see smiling girls waving at them 
from windows in Amsterdam, brothels in Mumbai, or strip clubs in Las Vegas. 
Johns and their friends decide that prostitution is a free choice. 
On the other hand, survivors of prostitution have described it as "volunteer 
slaverys5 and as "the choice made by those who have no choice." If you're a 
woman or girl, global forces that choose you for prostitution are sex 
discrimination, race discrimination, poverty, abandonment, debilitating sexual 
2. In Las Vegas. Nevada. three law enforcement sources and one investigative reporter have 
separately estimated that the sex industry and its ancillary operations (including both legal and illegal 
activities such as legal lapdancing. extortion monies paid to taxi drivers for delivery of customers to 
specific strip clubs, and tips to valets and bartenders for procuring women). generate between SI and 55 
billion per year. This research is forthcoming in a report on Nevada prostiturion/trafficking to be 
released by the author in 2006. 
Melissa Farley. Prostitution and Trafficking in Nevada. 2006. 
(unpublished manuscript. on file with author). 
3. See. e.g.. KATHLEEN BARRY. FEMALE. SEXUAL SLAVERY (1979): KATHLEEN BARRY. THE 
PROSTITUTION OF SEXUALITY (1995) [hereinafter PROSTITUTION OF SEXUALITYE. CATHARINE A. 
MACKINNON. SEX EQUALITY 1447-72 (2001) (discussing prostitution and slavery). 
4. See Elinor Burkett. God Created Me to Be a Slave. N.Y. TIMES MAG.. OcL 12. 1997. at 56. Since 
Burkett wrote the article, there has been increasing awareness of different manifestations of slavery. 
sometimes including prostitution. See. e.g.. U.S. DF.P.T OF STATE. OFFICE TO MONITOR AND COMBAT 
TRAFFICKING 
W 
PERSONS. 
RESCUING 
VICHAIS 
OF 
MODERN-DAY 
SLAVERY 
(2005). 
http://wwwstate.govighiphisfix/20D5/55233.htm. 
5. INE VANWESENBEECIC. PROSTITUIES. WELL-BEING AND RISK 149 (1994). 
6. CIIRISTA WISTERICIL THE GLOBALIZED WOMAN: REPORTS FROM A FUTURE OF INEQUALITY 63 
(2000). 
EFTA00726876
--- PAGE 3 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 I:46:05 AM 
2006) 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
103 
and verbal abuse, poor education or no education, and a job that does not pay a 
living wage. All drive girls and women into the commercial sex industry. 7
Defined as whores when they were young, women who appear to choose 
prostitution have been sexually abused as children at much higher rates than 
other women. One way that women end up 'choosing' prostitution is that they 
are paid for the abuse that they have already grown up with. They assume that's 
all they are good for.8
In this analysis, prostitution is a gendered survival strategy based on the 
assumption of unreasonable risks by the person in it. 
Regardless of 
prostitution's legal status (legal, illegal, zoned, or decriminalized) or its 
physical location (snip club, massage parlor, street, escort/home/hotel), 
prostitution is extremely dangerous for women. 
Prostituted women are 
unrecognized victims of intimate partner violence by customers as well as 
pimps, Pimps and customers use methods of coercion and control like those of 
other batterers: economic exploitation, social isolation, verbal abuse, threats, 
physical violence, sexual assault, captivity, minimization and denial of their use 
of physical violence and abuse.1)
ProstitutionArafficking/pomography 
thus 
systematically 
discriminate 
against women, against the young, against the poor and against ethnically 
subordinated groups. When prostitution is conceptually morphed into sex 
work, brutal exploitation by pimps becomes an employer-employee 
relationship. When prostitution is defined as labor, the predatory, pedophiliac 
purchase of a human being by a john becomes a banal business transaction." 
Prostitution is sometimes embraced in the media, in public health, and in the 
7. The sex industry changes and expands constantly. It includes phone sex. Internet prostitution via 
live video chat, massage brothels, escort prostitution. gentlemen's clubs. topless clubs, the commercial 
marriage market. ritual abuse of children. sauna and nail parlor prostitution. street prostitution. strip 
clubs, lap dancing. peep shows. and pornography. 
8. As a teen, one woman felt safer and more in control turning tricks in the street than she did inside 
her home where her stepfather regularly raped her and stole her epilepsy medication. Interview with 
anonymous prostituted woman, in San Francisco. Cal. (Sept 20. 2000). 
9. See Christine Stark & Carol Hodgson. Sister Oppressions: A Comparison of Wife Battering and 
Prostitution. in PROSTMITION.TRAFFICKING. AND TRAUMATIC STRESS 17 (Melissa Farley ed.. 2003). 
IQ See EVELINA GIOBBE ET AL. A FACILITATOR'S GUIDE TO PROSTITUTION: A MATTER OF 
VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN (Denise Gamache ed.. 1990)1herinafter GIOBBE. FACILITATOR'S GUIDE]: 
Evelina Giobbe. An Analysis of Individual. Institutional and Cultural Pimping. I MICH. J. GENDER @ L. 
(1993): Evelina Giobbe. Prostitution: Buying the Right to Rape, in RAPE AND SEXUAL ASSAULT III: 
A RESEARCH HANDBOOK 143 (Ann Wolben Burgess ed.. 1991). 
II. See Appendix A. Women Hurt in Systems of Prostitution Engaged in Revolt (WHISPER) 
demystified the "job" of prostitution with a tongue-in-cheek job application for prostitution. This 
satirical job description has been widely used in agencies that provide emotional support and alternatives 
to women escaping prostitution. For example. the author learned that women at SOS (Sisters Offering 
Support) in Honolulu tacked the job description onto the door of their group meeting room and that it led 
to much laughter. 
The job application is 0 WHISPER & Evelina Giobbe. All rights reserved. Permission granted to 
reprint. Previously printed in Melissa Farley. Preface: Prostitution. Trafficking. and Traumatic Stress, in 
PROSTITUTION. TRAFFICKING. AND TRAUMATIC STRESS, al xi. xx: MACKINNON. SEX EQUALITY. supra 
note 3. at 1437. 
EFTA00726877
--- PAGE 4 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 I:46:05 AIM 
104 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
(Vol. 18:N 
academy as "sex work," and in that one word—work—the sexism, racism, and 
violent degradation of prostitution fade from sight. 
U.S. prostitution can be understood in the context of the cultural 
normalization of prostitution as a glamorous and wealth-producing "job" for 
girls who lack emotional support, education, and employment opportunities. 
The sexual exploitation of children and women in prostitution is often 
indistinguishable from incest, intimate partner violence, and rape.''- Indian 
feminist Jean D'Cunha asked, "What will be the... outcome of struggles 
against sexual harassment and violence in the home, the workplace, or the 
street, if men can buy the right to perpetrate these very acts against women in 
prostitution?s13
This Article discusses and analyzes some of the empirical data on the 
harms of prostitution, pornography and trafficking. This information has to be 
culturally, psychologically, and legally denied because to know it would 
interfere with the business of sexual exploitation. 
1. In order to view prostitution as a job, and in order to keep the business of 
sexual exploitation running smoothly, we can not know that prostitution is 
extremely violent. 
Each act of violence that has been made visible as a result of the women's 
movement—incest, sexual harassment, misogynist verbal abuse, stalking, rape, 
battering, and sexual torture—is one point on the continuum of violence 
occurring in prostitution. As one survivor explained: 
There are thousands of books and classes that provide women with 
information on self-defense and rape "avoidance" strategies. Some of 
the basic lessons they teach us are not to walk alone at night on dark 
deserted streets, not to get into cars with strange men, not to pick up 
guys in a bar, not to even let a delivery man into your home when 
you're by yourself. Yet this is what the 'job" of prostitution requires; 
that women put themselves in jeopardy every time they turn a trick. 
And then we ask, "How do you prevent it from leading to danger?" 
The answer is, you can't. Count the bodies. I4
In the past two decades, a number of authors have documented or analyzed 
the sexual and physical violence that is the normative experience for women in 
1Z See Marjolein Gysels et at. Women Who Sell Sex in a Ugandan Trading Town: Life Histories. 
Survival Strategies and Risk. 54 SOCIAL SCIENCE & MEDICINE 179. 179-192 (2002). 
13. Jean D'Cunha. Legalizing Prostitution: In Search of Alternatives From a Gender and Rights 
Perspective 39 (Seminar on the Effects of Legalisation of Prostitution Activities. Stockholm. Sword.. 
Nov. 5-6.2002). 
14. Evelina Giobbe. The Vox Fights. VOX. Winter 1991. at 34 [hereinafter Giobbe. The Vox 
Fights]. See also Evelina Giobbe. Confronting the liberal Lies about Prostitution. in THE SEXUAL 
LIBERALS AND THE ATTACK ON FEMINISM 67.76 (Dorchen Leidholdt & Janice Raymond eds.. 1990). 
EFTA00726878
--- PAGE 5 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 I:66:05 
2006) 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
105 
prostitution.13 
Today, there is a significant peer-reviewed literature 
documenting the violence in prostitution. Familial sexual abuse functions as a 
training ground for prostitution. Survivors link childhood physical, sexual, and 
emotional abuse as children to later prostitution.16 Many studies lend support 
to this analysis. Seventy percent of the adult women in prostitution in one 
study said that their childhood sexual abuse led to entry into prostitution." 
Early adolescence is the most frequently reported age of entry into any type of 
prostitution. As one girl said, 
We've all been molested. Over and over, and raped. We were all 
molested and sexually abused as children, don't you know that? We 
ran to get away.... We were thrown out, thrown away. We've been 
on the street since we were 12,I3,14."" 
According to the empirical data (but not according to single-person, 
'happy-hooker' narratives) familial abuse or neglect is almost universal among 
prostituted women. Of fifty-five survivors of prostitution at the Council for 
Prostitution Alternatives in Portland, eighty-five percent reported a history of 
incest, ninety percent a history of physical abuse, and ninety-eight percent a 
history of emotional abuse.19 Multiple perpetrators of sexual and physical 
abuse were the rule rather than the exception. 
Sexual violence and physical assault are the norm for women in all types of 
prostitution. One Canadian observer noted that ninety-nine percent of women 
in prostitution were victims of violence, with more frequent injuries "than 
workers in [those] occupations considered ... most dangerous, like mining, 
forestry, and firefighting."2° Prostituted women in Glasgow said that violence 
15. For summaries of this literature. see BARRY. TEE PROSTITUTION OE SEXUALITY. supra note 3: 
RYAN BISHOP & LILLIAN S. ROBINSON. NIGHT MARKET: SEXUAL CULTURES AND THE THAI ECONOMIC 
MIRACLE (1998): ANDREA DWORKIN. PORNOGRAPHY: MEN POSSESSING WOMEN (1981): MACKINNON. 
SEX EQUALITY. supra note 3: SHEILA JEFFREYS. THE IDEA OF PROSTITUTION (1997): Andrea Dworkin. 
Pornography, Prostitution, and a Beautiful and Tragic Recent History, in NOT FOR SALE: FEMINISTS 
RESISTING PROSTITUTION AND PORNOGRAPHY 137 (Rebecca Whisnant & Christine Stark eds.. 2004): 
Melissa Farley et al.. Prostitution in Nine Countries. in PROSTITUTION. TRAFFICKING. AND TRAUMATIC 
STRESS 33 (Melissa Farley ed.. 2003) [hereinafter Prostitution in Nine Countries[. There is also a wealth 
of relevant information available at hup:fAvvv.catwinternationatorg. 
16. Dworkin described incest as "boot camp' for prostitution. ANDREA DWORKIN. LIFE AND 
DEATH 143 (1997). 
17. Mimi H. Silbert & Ayala M. Pines. Early Sexual Exploitation w an Influence in Prostitution. 
SOCIAL WORK 285 (1983). See also MIMI H. SILBERT ET AL.. SEXUAL ASSAULT OF PROSTITUTES 
(National Center for the Prevention and Control of Rape. National Institute of Mental Health. San 
Francisco. CA. 1982). 
It 
See NORTHWEST RESOURCE Aeenr.. SURVIVAL SEX IN KING COUNTY. REPORT SUBMITTED TO 
KING COUNTY WOMEN'S ADVISORY BOARD 16 (1993). 
19. E-mail from Susan Hunter to Melissa Farley (Apr. 4. 2006) (on file with author). See also 
Susan K. Hunter. Prostitution is Cruelty and Abuse to Women and Children. I MICH. J. GENDER & L. 
91. 103 (1993) (discussing another phase of this series of studies that demonstrate similar high rates of 
childhood trauma among women escaping prostitution) 
20. Erin Gibbs Van Brunschot et al.. Images of Prostitution: The Prostitute and Prim Media. 10 
WOMEN & CRIM. JUST. 47.47 (1999). 
EFTA00726879
--- PAGE 6 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 E46:05 AM 
106 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
(Vol. 18:N 
from customers was their primary fear.2I Physical abuse was considered part of 
the job of prostitution, with the payment sometimes determined by each 
individual blow of a beating or whipping.22
Violence is commonplace in prostitution whether it is legal or illegal.23
Eighty-five percent of prostituted women interviewed in Minneapolis-St. Paul 
had been raped in prostitution 2d Another study found that eighty percent of 
women who had been domestically or transnationally trafficked suffered 
violence-related injuries.2s Of 854 people in prostitution in nine countries, 
eighty-nine percent wanted to leave prostitution but did not have other options 
for survival.26 
Researchers have found that two factors are consistently 
associated with greater violence in prostitution: poverty and length of time in 
prostitution. The more customers serviced, the more women reported severe 
physical symptoms.27 The longer women remained in prostitution, the higher 
their rates of sexually transmitted diseases.t8 When prostitution is assumed to 
be a reasonable "job option," women's intense longing to escape it is made 
invisible.29
Violence is common in prostitution whether it is located indoors or 
outdoors. The boundary between stripping, dancing, and prostitution no longer 
exists as it did twenty-five years ago.30 In today's strip clubs, johns who buy 
21. See S. T. Green & D. J. Goldberg. Female Streenvonter-Prosfinaes in Glasgow: A Descriptive 
Study of Their Lifestyle. 5 AIDS CARE 321.328 (1993). 
See id. at 328. 
See generally VANWESENBEECK. supra note 5. 
24. Ruth Paniott. Health Experiences of Twin Cities Women Used in Prostitution 20 (1994) 
(unpublished manuscript. on file with WHISPER. Minneapolis. MN). 
25. JANICE G. RAYMOND ET AL. A COMPARATIVE. STUDY OF WOMEN TRAFFICKED IN THE 
MIGRATION PROCESS: PATTERNS. PROFILES AND HEALTH CONSEQUENCES OF SEXUAL EXPLORATION IN 
FIVE COUNTRIES (INDONESIA. TILE PHILIPPINES. THAILAND. VENEZUELA AND DIE UNITED STATES) 
(2002). available at httplfaction.web.ca/home/catwireadingroom/shtml?x=17062. 
26. See Farley. Prostitution in Nine Countries. supra note 15. Women in prostitution note that 
shelters and services may be available to battered women but not to prostituted women. Speaking of the 
need to include prostituted women in the battered women's movement. Evclina Giobbc testified. 
"IWlomen who are in prostitution. myself and my sisters.. have been subjected to the same 
abuse that every battered woman has spoken about in this room. except men paid for the right 
to do it. It's not a job. We're abused, and we need help.-
Joshua M. Price. Violence Against Prostinaes and a Re-evaluation of the Counterpublic Sphere. 34 
GENDERS 32 42001). http://www.genders.org/g341g34_price.html (quoting from a speech printed in an 
educational manual from the Massachusetts Coalition of Battered Women Service Groups Inc.). 
27. See VANWESENBEECK. supra note 5. 
2& See Parriou. supra note 24. at 14. 
29. See. e.g.. GLOBAL ALLIANCE AGAINST TRAFFIC IN WOMEN. HANDBOOK FOR HUMAN RIGHTS 
ACTION IN THE CONTEXT OF TRAFFIC IN WOMEN 3 (1997). available at http://apnsw.orgiapnsw.htm 
(- Women have the right to make a bad decision.- ): see also Melissa Farley & Sunjean Seo. Prostitution 
and Trafficking in Asia. 8 HARV. ASIA PAC. REV. 8 (2006) (discussing the role of the World Health 
Organization and other groups in normalizing prostitution as labor): Stark & Hodgson. supra note 9. 
30. For documentation of the increasing sexual and physical violence by men against women who 
strip. see Melissa Farley. Bad for the Body. Bud for the Bean. 10 VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN 1087. 
1102 (October 2(x04). available at http://www.prostitutionresearch.com/laws/000073.html: see also 
BRENT K. JORDAN. STRIPPED: TWENTY YEARS OF SECRETS FROM INSIDE THE STRIP CLUB (2004) 
(discussing the roles of bouncers in strip clubs: to respond to customers' sexual assaults on dancers. and 
EFTA00726880
--- PAGE 7 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 E46:05 A.M 
2006) 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
107 
Iapdances assume they'll be permitted to ejaculate with their pants on. When 
the sexual performance is more private, as in VIP moms or champagne rooms, 
the probability of violent sexual harassment including rape dramatically 
increases." 
Prostitution can be lethal.32 A Canadian commission found that the death 
rate of women in prostitution was forty times higher than that of the general 
population.33 A study of Vancouver prostitution reported a thirty-six percent 
incidence of attempted murder." 
The verbal abuse that is commonplace in prostitution is often minimized as 
a source of serious and longlasting harm. Despite its social invisibility, eighty-
eight percent of women in one study described verbal abuse as an intrinsic part 
of prostitution.13 When women are turned into objects that men masturbate 
into, profound psychological harm results for the person who is acting as 
receptacle.36 In prostitution, a woman does not stay whole; she loses her name, 
her identity, and her feelings." 
Over time, the commodification and objectification of her body by pimps 
and johns are internalized. 
Portions of her body are numbed and 
compartmentalized. Eventually she also views her body as a commodity, rather 
than as integral to the rest of herself. Trauma and torture survivors commonly 
experience this profound disconnectedness.38
Continuous assaults on the woman's body in prostitution cause revulsion 
to ensure that customers are beaten up if they attempt to "trick" women out of their pay): see also 
Jacqueline Lewis. Lap Dancing: Personal and Legal implications for Exotic Dancers, in PROSTITIMON: 
ON WHORES. HUSTLERS, AND JOHNS 376 (James A. Elias et al. eds.. 1998) (noting that the amount and 
type of physical contact in stripping removes the boundary between it and prostitution): Eleanor 
Maticka-Tyndale et at.. Erotic Dancing and Health. 31 WOMEN & HEALTH 87. 104 (2000). 
31. Holsopple documented the verbal. physical, and sexual abuse experienced by women in strip 
club prostitution including physical and sexual assaults on breasts, buttocks. and genitals. Women are 
kicked. bitten. slapped. spit on. and penetrated vaginally and anally during lap dancing. See Kelly 
Holsopple. Stripclubs According to Strippers: Exposing Workplace Violence (1998) (unpublished 
manuscript) (on file with author). 
32. See John J. Potterat et al.. Mortality in a Long-Tenn Open Cohort of Prostitute Women. 159 
AM. J. EPIDEMIOLOGY 778 (2004). 
33. Special Committee on Pornography and Prostitution. Pornography and Prostitution in Canada. 
PORN. & PROSTTIVTION CAN. 350. 350 (1985). 
34. Leonard Cler-Cunningham & Christine Christenson. Studying Violence to Stop It: Canadian 
Research on Violence Against Women in Vancouver's Street Level Sex Trade. 4 RESEARCH FOR SEX 
WORK 25.26 (2001). 
35. Melissa Farley et al.. Prostitution in Vancouver: Violence and the Colonization of First Nations 
Women. 42 TRANSCULTURAL PSYCHIATRY 242. 250 (2005). As one women explained. "It is internally 
damaging. You become in your own mind what these people do and say with you. You wonder how 
could you let yourself do this and why do these people want to do this to you?" Interview with 
anonymous prostituted woman, in San Francisco. Cal. (May 8.2004). 
36. See generally CECILIE HOIGARD & IJV FINSTF.D. BACICS1REETS: PROSITILTION. MONEY AND 
LOVE 51 (1986) 
37. See DWORKIN. LIFE AND DEATH. supra note 16. at 139-51. 
3& See HARVEY L. SCHWARTZ 
DIALOGUES WTI FORGOTTEN 
VOICES: 
RELATIONAL 
PERSPECTIVES ON CHILD ABUSE TRAUMA AND THE TREATMENT OF SEVERE DISSOCIATIVE DISORDERS 
(2000). 
EFTA00726881
--- PAGE 8 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 1:46:05 AM 
108 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
(Vol. 18:N 
and repeated traumatization. Williams described her response to the rape/sex 
of prostitution: 
"(I] started getting physically ill whenever I turned a trick. My vagina 
closed on me again like it did when I was 15 years old (during a 
rape). .. One night a man tried to force himself inside of me and 
damaged his penis in the process."39
Reviewing four studies of dissociation among women in prostitution, 
researchers concluded that dissociation is a common psychological defense in 
response to the trauma of prostitution.°  The dissociation necessary to survive 
rape, battering, and prostitution in adulthood is the same as that used to survive 
familial sexual assault. Dissociation has been observed as a consequence of 
torture and a means of surviving it.°
Most women report that they cannot prostitute unless they dissociate d2
When they do not dissociate, they are at risk for being overwhelmed with pain, 
shame, and rage. One woman explains: 
It's almost like I trained my mind to act like I like [prostitution] but not 
have any thoughts. I have the thoughts like 'What is this doing to my 
body and my mind and my self-esteem?' a few days later but not as it's 
happening.... Even though the guys are paying me for it, I feel like 
they're robbing me of something personal. And I wonder, Why are 
they doing this?'43
Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) commonly occurs among prostituted 
women, and is indicative of their extreme emotional distress. 
PTSD is 
characterized by anxiety, depression, insomnia, irritability, flashbacks, 
emotional numbing, and hyperalertness. In nine countries, we found that sixty-
eight percent of those in prostitution met criteria for a diagnosis of PTSD,44 a 
prevalence that was comparable to battered women seeking shelter,JS rape 
survivors seeking treatment,J6 and survivors of state-sponsored torture.07
39. Anonymous. Stories. in SOLD OUT: A RECOVERY GUIDE FOR PROSTITUTES 77 (J. L. Williams 
ed.. 1991). 
40. Colin A. Ross et al.. Dissociation Among Women in Prostitution. in PROSTITUTION. 
TRAFFICKING. AND TRAUMATICSTRESS 199 (Melissa Farley ed.. 2003). 
41. See luornt L. HERMAN. TRAUMA AND RECOVERY (1992): Colin A. Ross et al.. Dissociation 
and Abuse Among Multiple Personality Patients, Prostitutes and Exotic Dancers. 41 HOSP. & 
COMMUNITY PSYCHIATRY 328 (1990). 
42. Drugs and alcohol function as chemical dissociation, facilitating psychological dissociation. 
Substance abuse also functions as an analgesic for physical injuries from violence in prostitution. 
43. Virginia 
Vitnhum. 
Selling 
Intimacy. 
hup://archive.salon.com/seuteature/2000/07/25/ 
girl_part_iii/indexthtml (July 25. 2000)(quoting a prostituted woman). See generally MARIANNE 
WOOD. JUST A PROSTITUTE (1995) (discussing the rage that is a consequence of tolerating johns' 
behaviors). 
44. Prostitution in Nine Countries. supra note 15. at 44. 
45. Beth M. Houskamp & David W. Foy. The Assessment of Posuraumatic Stress Disorder in 
Battered Women: A Shelter Sample. 6 1. INTERPERSONAL VIOLENCE 367 (1991) (citing a Pony-five 
percent incidence rate): Anita Kemp el al.. Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PISD) in Battered Women: 
A Shelter Sample. 4 J. TRAUMATIC STRESS 137. 143 (1991)(ciling an eighty-four percent incidence rate). 
46. 1.T. Bovines et at. Assault Characteristics and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder in Rape 
EFTA00726882
--- PAGE 9 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 
AM 
2006I 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
109 
Across widely varying cultures on five continents, the traumatic consequences 
of prostitution were similar." Vanwesenbeeck noted comparable symptoms 
among women in legal Dutch prostitution." Results from two studies of 
prostituted Korean women reflect the women's intense psychological distress 
with PTSD prevalence rates of seventy-eight and eighty percent." 
Most people who have been in prostitution for any length of time have 
difficulty with sexual intimacy? Sex becomes a job, rather than an act of love 
or passion. It's difficult to see one's chosen partner as anything but a john. A 
woman who danced naked behind glass for johns who watched and 
masturbated noted that over a period of time "the glass had dissolved and [my 
partner] had become one of them."52 Men who prostitute experience similar 
damage to their sexuality and to their sense of self, as well as symptoms of 
traumatic stress that are identical to women's. As one man said, 
I got into it because I thought sex was about love, and underneath it all 
I was looking for a dad. It's done me no good mentally. A few years 
ago I thought it was a good way to make money, but it's not worth the 
price.... I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.... I got beaten up lots 
of times. I was forced to have sex and I was ripped off.... I was 
abused loads of times." 
2. In order to consider prostitution a job. and in order to keep the business of 
sexual exploitation running smoothly, we can not know that racism and class 
prejudice, like sexism, are intrinsic to prostitution. 
Women who are marginalized because of a lack of education, because of 
Victims. 83 ACTA PSYCHIATRICA SCANDINAVICA 27. 27-30 (1991Xciting a seventy percent incidence 
rate). 
47. R. Ramsay et al.. Psychiatric Morbidity in Survivors of Organised State Violence Including 
Torture. 162 BRIT. J. PSYCHIATRY 55.55 (1993) (citing a fifty-one percent incidence rate). 
48. Farley. Prostitution in Nine Countries. supra note 15. at 44. 
49. Vanwesenbeeck found that ninety percent of women who were prostituted primarily in clubs. 
brothels, and windows reported "extreme nervousness." VANWESENBEECK, supra note 5. at 82. 
50. Farley & Seo. supra note 29. at 9-12. See also Hyun Sun Kim. The Violent Characteristics of 
Prostitution and PTSD of Prostituted Women (June 2002) (unpublished thesis. Sungkonghoc University. 
Seoul. Korea) (on file with Sungjean Seo. Seoul. Korea): Letter from Jeong-Ho Chac (Nov. 22. 2005) 
(regarding preliminary data from a study of Trauma and Psychological Health of Women in Prostitution) 
(on file with Sungjean Sco. Seoul. Korea). 
51. See Parriott. supra note 24. 
52. Vicky Funari. Naked. Naughty. Nasty: Peepshow Reflections, in WHORES AND OTHER 
FEAIINLSTS 19. 32 (Jill Nagle ed.. 1997). Funari goes on to write. "Last night. lying in bed after work. I 
touched my belly, my breasts. They felt like Capri's [her peep show name] and they refused to switch 
back. When [my panne/ kissed me I inadvertently shrunk from his touch." Id. 
53. BARBARA GIBSON. MALE ORDER: LIFE STORIES FROM BOYS WHO SELL SEX 86 (1995) 
(quoting a prostituted boy). See also GARY INDIANA. RENT BOY (1994): ROBERTA PERKINS & GARRY 
BENNETT. BFJNG A PROSTITUTE (1985): Christopher N. Kendall & Rus Ervin Funk. Gay Male 
Pornography's 'Actors:' When 'Fantasy' Isn't. in PROSTITUTION. TRAFFICKING. AND 'TRAUMATIC 
STRESS 93 (Melissa Farley ed.. 2003). 
EFTA00726883
--- PAGE 10 ---
FARLEY W ITALICS 
5/3/2006 I:46:05 A.M 
110 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
(Vol. 18:N 
race and ethnic discrimination, poverty, previous physical and emotional harm 
and abandonment are the people purchased in prostitution. Prostitution is 
"chosen" as a job by those who have the fewest real choices available to 
them." Women in legal Dutch prostitution describe it as "volunteer slavery."" 
Until conditions of sex and race equality exist, laws must protect people 
from exploitation that might appear to be voluntary or consenting.S6 The 
critical question with respect to sex, race, and class-based discrimination in 
prostitution is not "did she consent?" but "has she been offered the real choice 
to exist without prostituting?" In the following three cases, each woman said 
that she consented to prostitution but in each situation, her living conditions 
made prostitution necessary for survival. 
An Indian woman said that 
prostitution was "better pay for what was expected of her in her last job, 
anyway;" women in most jobs in West Bengal, India, were expected to tolerate 
bosses' sexual exploitation in order to keep their jobs." A woman in Zambia, 
which had a ninety percent unemployment rate at the time, stated that she 
volunteered to prostitute in order to feed her family.S8 A Turkish woman was 
divorced, and had no means of support because she was discouraged from 
working outside the home. She applied to work in a state-run brothel where 
police guarded the entrance." 
Sexist and racist economic policies in the United States such as a lack of 
educational opportunity for poor families and a lack of sustainable income from 
many jobs contribute to women's and girls' entry into prostitution. The 
economic and legal vulnerability of undocumented immigrant women in the 
United States is exploited in prostitution/pomography. For example, the 8111
Street Latinas website advertises, "See hot, young & brown Latinas that will do 
absolutely anything to get their citizenship!sfi0
The intersection of racism, sexism and class is apparent in sex tourism. 
The prostitution tourist denies the racist exploitation of women in someone 
else's culture. Promoting this denial, travel agencies assure male tourists that 
Thai culture is 'overtly sexual' and that Thai people are child-like sensual 
people who never grow up." The prostitution tourist denies sexual exploitation 
by rationalizing that he is helping women escape poverty: "These girls gotta 
eat, don't they? I'm putting bread on their plate. I'm making a contribution. 
54. See Catharine A. MacKinnon. Prostitution and Civil Rights. 1 MICH. J. GENDER & L. 13 
(1993). 
55. VANwESENBEECK. supra note 5. at149. 
56. Telephone Interview with Jessica Neuwirth. Equality Now, in New York. N.Y. (Apr. 24.2006). 
57. Molly C'hattopadhyay et al.. Biosocial Factors Influencing Women to Become Prostitutes in 
India. 41 SOCIAL BIOLOGY 252 (1994). 
58. Interview with anonymous prostituted woman in Lusaka. Zambia (Feb. 17. 1996). 
59. Interview with anonymous prostituted woman in Istanbul. Turkey (June 6. 1999). 
60. 8th Street Latinos. http:ffwww.8thstreetlatinas.corrifmain.htm?id=faxxaff (last visited Apr. 25. 
2006). 
61. See generally BISHOP & ROBINSON. supra note 15. at 149. 
EFTA00726884
--- PAGE 11 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 I:46:05 MA 
2006j 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
111 
They'd starve to death unless they whored."62 However, the Thai perspective 
of this situation is diametrically opposed: "Thailand is like a stage, where men 
from around the world come to perform their role of male supremacy over Thai 
women, and their white supremacy over Thai people."63
Pornography, prostitution, and trafficking are rooted in sexism, racism and 
class prejudice, all of which are sexualized. 
Women in prostitution are 
purchased for their appearance, including skin color and characteristics based 
on ethnic stereotyping. Racist stereotypes in prostitution are driven by johns' 
demand for "something different." 
Forced by pimps to accommodate 
stereotypes of the submissive exotic with nowhere to run, one Korean-
American survivor faked poor English even though she had grown up in the 
United States." The World Sex Guide recently linked to a website titled 
"Bangkok street whores," with a john's contemptuous description of Thai 
women in poverty as "dumb and desperate."65
Although pornography of Grace Quek being serially raped by 251 men was 
billed as liberation from a stereotype of Asian women as sexually passive; in 
fact, the pornography of Quek—who referred to herself as a "fortune 
cookie"66—was a familiar racist and sexist portrayal of slave-like, sexually 
subordinate Asian women." Quek seemed unclear about the film's racism 
when she was asked by an interviewer if she felt insulted or objectified. With a 
postmodern perspective that locates racism in the mind but not in the world, 
Quek responded, "No, I don't think so. .. .Without any stereotypes, everything 
wvould collapse into nothingness. That's why I have no problems with people 
who in friendly banter, out of humor, go 'Chink, nigger, faggot,' whatever."" 
62. Id. al 168-69 (quoting a sex tourist in Thailand). 
63. JEREMY SEABROOK. TRAVELS IN TIE SKIN TRADE TOURISM AND TIE. SEX INDUSTRY 89 
(1996) (quoting Siripom Skrobanek). 
64. See 
Melissa 
Farley. 
Unequal. 
mailable 
at 
http://www.prostitutionresearch.com/ 
how_prostitution_works/Oallll.html (last visited. Apr. 20.2006) 
65. World Sex Guide. Prostitution in United States, http://www.worldsexguide.org/united-
states.hunl (last visited. Apr. 20. 2006). The site has changing advertising banners. On October 28. 
2005. the World Sex Guide advertised "Bangkok street whores: Click to see these Asian whores get 
nailed 
by 
a 
big 
white 
dick!" 
with 
a 
link 
to 
Bangkok 
Street 
Whores. 
hup://www.bangkolcstreetwhores.comIlibangkokwhorel.html (last visited Apr. 25. 2006). The web 
location provided one john's voyeuristic and homocrotic description of a Thai woman who "tried to talk 
her way out of getting fucked but as soon as he shut her up by stuffing his cock in her mouth. the peace 
talks were over. Then he split her wide open! We all know that (another john) brings the pain. but damn 
she's bleeding!" See also Michelle J. Anderson. A License to Abuse: The Impart of Conditional Status 
on Female Immigrants. 102 YALE L.J. 1401. 1408-1409 nnA8 t9 (1993). 
66. Kimberly Chun. Sex: 
The Annabel 
Chong 
Story. 
ASIANWEEK. May 4. 20(X). 
http://www.asianweek.com/2000_05_04/acannabelchong.html (quoting Grace Quck). 
67. See Pamela Kaskinen, Pornstar or a Feminist?. YLIOPHLASLEtrfl. Apr.2000. at I ("At its core. 
the film is yet another attempt to capitalize on the racist. sexist and worn-out fantasy that Asian women 
are subordinate sex slaves.") (quoting Jill Nelson). 
68. D.A. Clark. The Tao of the Gangbang. SPECTATOR July 12. 1996. at 13 (emphasis added). 
Another perspective on the racism in the filming of Quek's sexual abuse by 251 men was noted by 
Darrell 1'. Hamamoto. The Joy Fuck Club. 20 NEW. POL. SCI. 3 (1998). who observed that no Asian 
men were in the 300-men lineup to "gangbang" Quek. The only Asian American in attendance was a 
EFTA00726885
--- PAGE 12 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 I:46:05 AM 
112 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
[Vol. 18:N 
Compared to their numbers in the United States as a whole, women of 
color are overrepresented in prostitution. For example, in Minneapolis, a city 
which is ninety-six percent white European-American, more than half of the 
women in strip-club prostitution are women of color." 
Racially constructed pornography made of prostituted women in other 
parts of the world influences how women of color are treated at home. For 
example, Asian-American women reported rapes after men viewed 
pornography of Asian women 7°
Families who have been subjected to race and class discrimination in 
housing may be economically driven to live near gangs or pimps. Snip clubs 
and pornography outlets are zoned into poor neighborhoods, which also tend to 
be neighborhoods of immigrants and/or people of color. The sex businesses 
create a hostile environment in which girls and women are continually harassed 
by pimps and johns!' 
Within the gendered institution of prostitution, race and class create a 
familiar hierarchy with indigenous women at its lowest point. Especially 
vulnerable to violence from wars or economic devastation, indigenous women 
are brutally exploited in prostitution—for example Mayan women in Mexico 
City, Hmong women in Minneapolis, Atayal girls in Taipei, Karen or Shan 
women in Bangkok, First Nations women in Vancouver.72 
Structural 
development programs run by the International Monetary Fund control 
developing economies, profoundly impacting women's lives. Poverty is one 
consequence of these IMF policies, which may also result in women's 
migration to cities for the purpose of economic survival, including prostitution. 
There is a myth that class privilege protects some women in prostitution. 
Demystifying this, Giobbe explained what lies beneath the trappings of class in 
prostitution: 
My experience in prostitution gives the lie to... common beliefs 
about the hierarchy of prostitution, the streets being the worst-case 
scenario and . . .(escort] service being the best.... all I can say is, 
man whose job was to wipe ejaculate off Quck between johns. Id. 
69. Telephone Interview with Andrea Dworkin (June 17. 1997). 
70. See CATHARINE A. MACKINNON & ANDREA DWORKIN. IN HARM'S WAY: IllE PORNOGRAPHY 
CIVIL RIGHTS HEARINGS (1997). 
71. Vednita Nelson. Prostitution: Where Racism and Sexism Intersect. 1 MICH. J. GENDER & L 81 
(1993). 
72. Because of their economic vulnerability and their lack of alternatives, prostitution more 
severely harms indigenous women. Melissa Farley. Preliminary Report on Prostitution in New Zealand 
(May 14. 2003) (unpublished manuscript. on file with author) (comparing Maori/Pacific Islander New 
Zealanders to European-origin New Zealanders in prostitution, with the former more likely to have been 
homeless and to have entered prostitution at a younger age. and quoting Mama Tem. an Auckland 
community activist who described New Zealand prostitution as an "apartheid system."): see also Libby 
W. Plumridge & Gillian Abel. A "Segmented" Sex Industry in New Zealand. 15 AUSTL. & N.Z. J. PUB. 
HEALTH 78. 78 (200I)(describing the differential impact prostitution has on Maori women in New 
Zealand). 
EFTA00726886
--- PAGE 13 ---
FARLEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 1:46:05 A61 
20061 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
113 
whether you turn tricks in a car by the Holland tunnel or in the Plaza 
Hotel, you still have to take off your clothes, get on your knees or lie 
on your back, and let this stranger use you in any way he pleases.73
It is an error to assume that the privilege of so-called high-class call-girls 
protects them from the expoitation and violence that exists in all prostitution. 
In Chicago, for example, the same frequency of rape is reported by women in 
both escort and street prostitution 74 Although some studies report greater 
violence in outdoor prostitution, the difference is trivial when contrasted with 
most peoples' assumptions of what constitutes reasonable physical and 
emotional risk.7s For instance, while women prostituting on the street in 
Glasgow were almost twice as likely to experience violence than women 
prostituting indoors, forty-eight percent of the women prostituting indoors were 
subject to frequent and severe violence.76 Among women prostituting in South 
Africa, while there was significantly more physical violence in street as 
compared to brothel prostitution, there was no difference in the women's 
emotional distress resulting from either street or brothel prostitution." 
It is also an error to assume that those in prostitution remain in one 
location. The location of prostitution is determined by wherever the greatest 
demand for it exists, by police surveillance and by arrests that deter 
prostitution. Women are moved to wherever pimps and traffickers can make 
the most money, for example near military bases,78 near political or business 
73. The Var Fights. supra note 14. at 32. 
74. JODY RAPHAEL & DEBORAH L SHAPIRO. SISTERS SPEAK Out THE LIVES AND NEEDS OE 
PROSTITUlED 
WOMEN 
IN 
CHICAGO 
(2002). 
available 
at 
www.impactresearch.org/ 
documentsisistersspeakoulpdf. 
75. Women in indoor prostitution (such as strip clubs, massage brothels and pornography) may 
have less control over the conditions of their lives and probably face greater risks of exploitation. 
enslavement. and physical harm than women prostituting on the street. See NORTHWEST RESOURCE 
ASSOCIATES. supra note 18. (1993). 
76. Stephanie Church et al.. Violence by Clients Toward Female Prostitutes in DiJjerent Wm* 
Settings. 322 BRIT. MED. J. 524. 524-25 (2001) (noting that women prostituting in the street more 
frequently report being slapped. punched. or kicked—while those indoors more frequently report 
attempted rape). 
77. Melissa Farley et al.. Prostitution in Five Countries, 8 FEMINISM & PSYCHOL 405.415 (1998). 
See also Colin A. Ross el al.. Dissociation and Abuse Among Multiple Personality• Patients. Prostitutes 
and Erotic Dancers. 41 HASP. @ COMMUNITY PSYCHIATRY 328. 328-30 (1990) (noting that women 
who prostituted in strip clubs suffered significantly higher rates of dissociative and other psychiatric 
symptoms than women in street prostitution). 
78. See Aida F. Santos. Gathering the Dust: The Bases Issue in the Philipines. 32. 40. in LET THE. 
GOOD TIMES ROLL: PROSTMJTION AND THE US MILITARY IN ASIA (Sandra Sturdevant @ Brenda 
Stolzfus eds.. 1992). During World War II. for example. the Japanese Army seized as many as 2(X).0(X) 
Asian women and girls using deception and violence, pimping them into military brothels. Most of 
these 'comfort women' were Korean. See C. Sarah Soh. Japan's Responsibility• Toward Comfort Women 
Survivors (Japan Policy Research Institute, Working Paper No. 77. 2001). available at 
http://www.icasinc.orgfiecturesfsoh3.html: Deborah 7abarenko. Er-Slaves Sue Japan for Army Rapes. 
Torture—Former Comfort Women Testify in U.S. TORONTO STAR. Sept. 21. 2000. at I (reporting on a 
class-action lawsuit filed by fifteen former comfort women in U.S. federal court): NORA OKJA KELLER. 
COMFORT WOMAN (1997) (a fictionalized account of one woman's life). 
EFTA00726887
--- PAGE 14 ---
FARLEY W ITALICS 
3/3/2006 1:06:05 AM 
114 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
conventions,79 or to locations where sporting events take place. 80
(Vol. 18:N 
3. In order to consider prostitution a job. and in order to keep the business of 
sexual exploitation running smoothly, we can not know that prostitution, 
pornography and trafficking meet or exceed legal definitions of torture. 
Torture is: 
any act by which severe pain or suffering, whether physical or mental, 
is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as punishing 
him. . . or intimidating or coercing him or a third person, or for any 
reason based on discrimination of any kind, when such pain or 
suffering is inflicted by or at the instigation of or with the consent or 
acquiescence of a public official or other person acting in an official 
capacity." 
Specific acts commonly perpetrated against women in prostitution and 
pornography are the same as the acts defining what torture is: verbal sexual 
harassment, forced nudity, rape, sexual mocking, physical sexual harassment 
such as groping, and not permitting basic hygiene.82 
The psychological 
consequences of these acts are the same whether it is named state-sponsored 
torture or prostitution.83
Torture does not have to be perpetrated by state officials, and today there is 
an understanding that in some regions torture can and does occur at the hands 
79. See Lisa Kramer. Emotional Etperiences of Performing Prostitution. in PROSTITUTION. 
TRAFFICKING, AND TRAUMATIC STRESS 187. 191 (Melissa Farley ed.. 2003) (describing locations where 
119 U.S. women prostituted). For a detailed refutation of the myth that indoor prostitution is safe for 
women and a summary of studies comparing different locations where prostitution occurs. see Farley. 
supra note 30. at 1099. See also Melissa Farley. Prostitution Harms Women Even if Indoors: Reply to 
Weiner. I I VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN 950. 955960 (July 2005). 
80. Germany's World Cup Games in 2006 led to predictions that 40.000 women would be 
trafficked from other countries in Europe to service sports fans in a country with legal prostitution. See 
Coalition Against Trafficking in Women. Buying Sex is Not a Sport: No to Germany's Prostitution of 
Women in World Cup Games. 2006. available at httplkatwepetition.ouvaton.org/phpiindex.php. 
81. United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel. Inhuman or Degrading Treatment 
or Punishment. 1465 U.N.T.S. 85. Dec. 10. 1984. 
82. Istanbul Protocol: Manual on the Effective Investigation and Documentation of Torture and 
Other Cruel. Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (hereinafter Istanbul Protocol). Aug. 9. 
1999. available at http:/Avww.unhchr.ch/pdtlitistprotpdf ("Sexual torture begins with forced nudity. 
which in many countries is a constant factor in torture situation. One is never so vulnerable as when 
one is naked and helpless. Nudity enhances the psychological terror of every aspect of torture. as there is 
always the background of potential abuse and rape or sodomy. Furthermore. verbal sexual threats. abuse 
and mocking arc also part of sexual torture. as they enhance the humiliation and degrading aspects of it. 
all part and parcel of the procedure. Groping women is traumatic in all cases, and considered torture. 
There are some differences between sexual torture of men and sexual torture of women. but several 
issues apply to both."). See also R.F. Mollica & Y. Caspi-Yavin. Overview: The Assessment and 
Diagnosis of Torture Events and Symptoms. in TORTURE. AND ITS CONSEQUENCES 253 (Metin Basoglu 
ed.. 1992). 
See Finn Somnicr et al.. Psycho-social Consequences of Torture. in TORTURE. AND ITS 
CONSEQUENCES 56 (Metin Basoglu ed.. 1992). 
EFTA00726888
--- PAGE 15 ---
PARLEY W ITALICS 
5/3/2(06 1:46:05 AM 
2006) 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
115 
of private individuals. Amnesty International "holds states accountable for all 
acts of torture of women, whatever the context in which they are committed 
and whoever is the perpetrator."84
The existence of state-sponsored torture is decried by social critics on the 
Left, yet the identical treatment of women in prostitution is ignored by those 
same analysts. Many view torture by the United States of prisoners at Abu 
Ghraib with shock and horror, yet at the same time consider the identical acts 
perpetrated (and photographed) against prostituted women to be sexual 
entertainment." Condemning the Bush administration's tolerance for torture in 
the war on terror, one journalist noted the "gleeful sadism" of guards at Abu 
Ghraib.8' 
Yet he and other political pundits maintain silence regarding the 
same gleeful sadism of men toward prostituted women at bachelor parties or 
strip clubs. Journalists and scholars fail to note the parallel between their 
descriptions of torture's consequences for Abu Ghraib prisoners, on the one 
hand, and identical consequences for women in prostitution and pornography, 
on the other. 
Despite its obvious similarity to state-sponsored torture, there is a great 
silence regarding the torture of women in prostitution during the making of 
pornography. Yet torture is commonplace in pornography." A woman in 
Vancouver prostitution described a john's purchase of her degradation, physical 
and sexual assault, and his videotape of that torture.s8
Online pornography today welds men's ejaculation to women's 
degradation. A popular genre is bukkake, in which a group of men ejaculate on 
young women's faces. The woman is usually extremely upset or crying, an 
emotional state that seems to sexually arouse both the men who are sexually 
abusing the woman, and the men who are purchasing those images of torture." 
This spectacle of women's torture and humiliation serves as a bonding ritual for 
the perpetrators just as the "camivalesque rites" of pornographic torture at Abu 
84. AMNESTY 1NTF.RNATIONAL BROKEN BODIES. SHATTERED MINDS: TORTURE AND ILL-
TREATMENT OF WONIFN 4-5 (2081). 
85. See ANDREA DWORKIN. LETTERS FROM A WAR ZONE 199 (1988). 
86. See Richard Kim. Pop Torture. NATION. Dec. 26. 2005. at 37. 
87. See, e.g., Gail Dines. The White Man's Burden: Garza Pornography and the Construction of 
Black Masculinity. 18 YALE It & FEMINISM [EMMA: FIRST PGJ (2006). Dines describes ass-to-
mouth (ATM) pornography as a frequently-googled genre on the website of one of the most popular 
pornography actors. Max Hardcore. Dines points out that in ATM pornography. "the male performer 
anally penetrates a woman and then sticks his penis into her mouth. often joking about her having to cat 
shit. In this pornography the code of debasement is most stark. There is no apparent increase in male 
sexual pleasure by moving directly from the anus to the mouth outside of the humiliation that the 
woman must endure." Id. at IN/ 
88. Jane Armstrong. Torture Tapes Stun B.C. Investigators. GLOBE AND MAIL. Jan. 19. 2004. at 
AI. 
89. PAMELA PAUL PORMEIED 61 (2005): see also Roben Jensen. You Are What You Ear: Roben 
Jensen Discusses the Pervasive Porn Industry and What It Says About You and Your Desires. CLAMOR. 
Sept.-Oct. 2002. at 54 (describing bukkake and analyzing its effects on a male observer). 
EFTA00726889
--- PAGE 16 ---
FARIEY W ITALICS 
5/3/2006 I:46:01 AM 
116 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
(Vol. 18:N 
Ghraib prison created bonds among the US soldiers who committed those 
cruelties." 
Bourke described photographs of United States and German-sponsored 
torture as pornography: 
[T]orture aims to undermine the way the victim relates to his or 
her own self, and thus threatens to dissolve the mainsprings of an 
individual's personality. . . . The sexual nature of these acts shows 
that the torturers realise the centrality of sexuality for their 
victims' identity. The perpetrators in these photographs aim to 
destroy their victim's sense of self by inflicting and recording 
extreme sexual humiliation." 
That description of torture applies equally to the prostitution and 
pornography that are everywhere on newsstands and on the world wide web. 
While she accurately describes what happens to people who are tortured by 
military regimes, Bourke fails to apply her truly insightful description of sexual 
torture to the women in video, intemet, and magazine pornography who are 
similarly sexually humiliated. Only a handful of feminist analysts, beginning 
with Andrea Dworkin and Catharine MacKinnon, analyze the horrific 
violence that women are subjected to in pornography that documents 
prostituted women's abuse: "Welcome to the Rape Camp,"93 "Beaver 
Hunters,"" "Gag Factor,"95 "A Cum Sucking Whore Named Kimberly,"96 "65-
Guy Cream Pie,"97 "Black Poles in White Holes,"98 and "Teen Fuck Holes."99
The sexual humiliation of having one's face smeared with semen is 
commonplace during rapes of children and adults, and in pornography, 
prostitution, and torture. But there are a multitude of techniques of humiliation, 
domination, and control that are less specifically sexual, and that are almost 
always used in conjunction with sexual humiliation. 
Pimps and traffickers employ the three-pronged strategy of political 
torturers—debilitation, dread, and dependency. Like the state's torture experts, 
pimps and traffickers threaten to kill children and family members as a means 
90. Joanna Bourke. Torture as Pornography. LONDON GUARDIAN. May 7. 2004. available at 
http://www.guardian.co.uktwomen/story/0.3604.1211261.00.html 
91. Id. 
See DWORKIN. LIFE AND DE.ATIL supra note I6: DWORKIN. MEN POSSESSING WOMEN. supra 
note 15; ANDREA DWORKIN. SCAPEGOAT: TIE JEWS. ISRAEL AND WOMEN'S LIBERATION (2000): 
MACKINNON @ DWORKIN. supra note 70; MACKINNON. supra note 3. at 1506-651: MacKinnon. 
Prostitution and Civil Rights. supra note 54. 
93. D.M. Hughes. Welcome to the Rape Camp: Sexual Exploitation and the Internet in Cambodia. 
J. SEXUAL AGGRESSION 29 (2000). 
94. DWORKIN. MEN POSSESSING WOMEN. supra note 1S. at 25. 
95. Robert Jensen. Cruel to Be Hard: Men and Pornography. SEXUAL ASSAULT REPORT. Jan.-Feb. 
2004. at 33. available at http://uts.ec.utexas.edtd-rjenscn/freclance/pornography&cruelty.htm. 
96. Id. 
97. E-mail from Robert Jensen (Mar. 12. 2006). 
98. Dines. supra note 87. at [PAGE # CITED?J. 
99. Jensen. supra note 95. 
EFTA00726890
--- PAGE 17 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 1:46:05 AM 
2006) 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
117 
of establishing control. Pimps' use of torture ensures that the prostituted 
woman will comply with any demands of johns or pimps.100 Under conditions 
of prostitution, autonomous self-regulation of any sort is considered 
insubordination and is actively suppressed by pimps.10' Systematic methods of 
brainwashing, indoctrination and physical assaults (called "seasoning" by 
pimps), are used against women in prostitution. These techniques are aimed at 
eliminating any corner of mental space for her to exist in.'02
One girl stated that when her pimp commanded "Down!", she was required 
to lay down on the floor without moving until he gave her permission to get 
up.103 Each act of physical and psychological torture that he committed, each 
its own unique expression of dominance, was part of an interlocking system of 
control, degradation, and domination.1D4
The Stockholm syndrome is a psychological strategy for survival in 
captivity. In escapable situations, humans form bonds with their captors. The 
traumatic bonds established between women in prostitution and their 
pimp/captors is identical to those between battered women and their 
batterers.105 In the absence of other emotional attachments, women appear to 
choose their relationships with pimps and may be psychologically at home with 
men who exercise coercive control over them. 
In order for a woman to survive prostitution on a day-to-day basis, she 
must deny the extent of harm that pimps and johns are capable of inflicting. 
Since her survival may depend on her ability to predict others' behavior, she 
vigilantly attends to the pimp's needs and may ultimately identify with his 
worldview. This increases her chances for survival, as in the case of Patty 
Hearst who temporarily identified with her captors' ideology.me
The unpredictable and extreme violence in prostitution, like that of torture, 
is used for economic gain and sadistic pleasure. It also sends the message that 
100. See. e.g.. SCHWARTZ. supra note 38. at 320 (discussing torture and prostitution of children 
with similar techniques and similar emotional consequences). 
101. See Judith L. Herman. Hidden in Plain Sight: Clinical Observations on Prostitution, in 
PROSTITUTION. TRAFFICKING. AND TRAUMATIC STRESS 4 (Melissa Farley ed.. 2003). 
102. Describing her relationship with a pimp. one woman said that "Iprostitution isl like a cult. He 
brainwashed me: Interview with anonymous prostituted woman. Aug. 6. 1997. Another woman 
explained that "lylou become what they say and do with you. Ifs internally damaging.-  Interview with 
anonymous prostituted woman. June 19. 1998. See also SCHWARTZ. supra note 38. at 314-19. 333-37 
(confirming similarities between prostitution. trafficking. and political and religious cults such as the 
commonality in their methods of brainwashing and mind control. in the physiology of traumatic 
bonding, and in the manipulation of attachment by perpetrators in establishing power over the victim). 
103. Interview with anonymous prostituted woman, in San Francisco. Cal. (May 8.2004). 
104. See also KATE NIILLETT. THE POLITICS OF CRUELTY 42 (1994) (discussing political torture 
with language that also applies to women in prostitution and noting that judicial torments are also 
methods of dominating victims). 
105. I)EE L.R. GRAHAM ET AL.. LOVING TO SURVIVE: SEXUAL TERROR. MEN'S VIOLENCE. AND 
WOMEN'S LIVES 44 (1994) (describing behaviors which am typical of the Stockholm syndrome. such as 
extreme difficulty leaving one's captor and a long-term fear of retaliation). 
106. THE PROSTITUTION OF SEXUAUTY. supra note 3. at 250-75. 
EFTA00726891
--- PAGE 18 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 I:46:05 AM 
118 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
(Vol. 18:N 
the victim is utterly worthless. 
Experts on state-sponsored torture have 
explained that the specific goal of sexual torture is to make a captive believe 
that she is a whore or an animal, rather than a human. 10' One person stated that 
the outcome of state-sponsored torture is that "they make a non-person out of 
you.i108 Similarly, Giobbe explained: 
(T)he word 'prostitute' does not imply a 'deeper identity;' it is the 
absence of an identity: the theft and subsequent abandonment of self. 
What remains is essential to the 'job': the mouth, the genitals, anus, 
breasts ... and the label.1°9
The psychological consequences of state-sponsored torture and those of 
prostitution include the same symptoms: depression, anxiety, posttraumatic 
stress disorder (PTSD), dissociative symptoms, somatic symptoms, suicide 
attempts, cognitive symptoms resulting from violence-related traumatic brain 
injury, and the existential despair that persists for years after prostitution or 
after torture."°
4. In order to consider prostitution a job, and in order to keep the business of 
sexual exploitation running smoothly we can not know that pornography is 
action taken against real women, that it is advertising for prostitution, and that 
pornography is one way to traffic women. 
Pornography has been defined as the presentation of prostitution sex.I I
Pornography is a specific type of prostitution, in which prostitution occurs and, 
among other things, is documented. The women whose prostitution appears in 
pornography are prostituted women. 
The sex industry is driven by pornography. Men learn how to use women 
by looking at and masturbating to pornography, developing a taste for 
107. Inger Agger. Sexual Torture of Political Prisoners. 2 J. TRAUMATIC STRESS 305 (1989). 
108. Mohammed Al-Sader. Torture Survivors: A New Group of Patients. Speech at World 
Congress on Violence and Human Coexistence (Aug. 20. 1997) (notes on file with author). See also 
ORLANDO PATHIRSON. SLAVERY AND SOCIAL DEATH 3 (1982) ( —Whipping was not only a method of 
punishment. It was a conscious device to impress upon the slaves that they were slaves.- 1(quoting 
George P. Rawick). 
109. Giobbe. The Vox Fights. :amyl note 14. at 35 (emphasis added). 
110. See Stuart Turner. Emotional Reactions to Torture and Organized State Violence. 15 PTSD 
RESEARCH QUARTERLY I (2004): see generally. AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL BROKEN BODIES. 
SHATTERED MINDS: TORTURE AND ILL-TREATMENT OF WOMEN (2001) (addressing debt-bondage 
prostitution but not other types of prostitution that arc assumed to be consensual but in which women are 
psychologically or socially coerced by factors such as poverty. childhood abuse. rape. war. or 
abandonment): Istanbul Protocol. supra note 82. at 66-70: Hans Niter Houten. Physical and 
Psychological Sequelae to Torture. 39 FORENSIC SCI. INTL 5 (1988): Derrick Silove. The Psychosocial 
Effects of Torture. Mass Human Rights Violations. and Refugee Trauma. 187 1. NERVOUS & MENTAL 
DISEASE 200 (1999). 
III. THE PROSTITUTION OF SEXUALITY. supra note 3. at 55. 
EFTA00726892
--- PAGE 19 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 
AM 
2006) 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
119 
prostitution. Pornographers are indistinguishable from other pimps.'''- Both 
exploit women and girls' economic and psychological vulnerabilities and 
coerce them to get into and stay in the industry."3 Both take pictures to 
advertise their "products," suggest specific abuses for johns to perpetrate 
against women, and minimize the resulting harms.'" 
Pornography is a 
documentary of specific women's abuses in prostitution, and its consumers 
obtain pornography as a "document of humiliation.""5 Yet in order to conceal 
the harms that are documented in the picture, the pornographer disconnects the 
picture from the person. The pornographer and his allies then name what is 
happening to her in the picture "speech" or "adult entertainment" rather than 
"torture" or "sexual abuse." 
Women have explained that they study pornography in order to learn how 
to perform prostitution: "I watch pomos and act like that in the room (with a 
john)."'16 Men show pornography to women to illustrate what they want them 
to do. Strip clubs show video pornography to promote lap dance and VIP-room 
prostitution. One pornographer advertised that he was in the business of 
"degrading whores for your viewing pleasure," clearly eliminating any 
boundary that might be imagined to exist between pornography and 
prostitution.'" 
The filming of 251 men's prostitution of Grace Quek (called Annabel 
Chong) was sold as "The World's Biggest Gang Bang.""8 After being edited 
down to 4 hours, the film became hardcore pomography."9 The filming of 
johns assaulting Quek was stopped after 10 hours because she was bleeding 
internally. For Quek, the film was not an idea, it was not a narrative, it was not 
a representation. Real johns perpetrated real sexual assaults on her resulting in 
112. See. e.g.. AKITUICI NOZAKA. THE PORNOGRAPHERS (Michael Gallagher trans.. 1968). 
113. Pornography has been used as recruitment into childhood sexual assault as well as prostitution. 
See MACKINNON & DWORKIN. IN HARM'S WAY. supra note 70. at . Pornography that normalizes 
prostitution is used by pimps to teach girls what acts to perform in prostitution. Mimi H. Silbert & Ayala 
M. Pines. Pornography and Sexual Abuse of Women. ID SEX RoLES 857 (1984). Women in prostitution 
have described pornography's role in submitting to the enactment of specific scenes for pimps or 
customers. Id. See also Melissa Farley & Howard Barkan. Prostitution. Violence and Posurauntatic 
Stress Disorder. WOMEN & HEALTH. Vol.27 1998. at 37. 
114. See Donna Hughes. Prostitution Online. in PROSTITUTION. TRAFFICKING. AND TRAUMATIC 
STRESS 115 (Melissa Farley ed.. 2003). 
115. D.A. Clarke. Prostitution for Everyone: Feminism. Globalization. and the 'Sex' Industry. in 
NOT FOR SALE: FEMINISTS RESISTING PROSTTILMON AND PORNOGRAPHY 199 (Rebecca Whisnant & 
Christine Stark cds.. 2004). 
116. Teela Sanders. "h s Just Acting": Sex Workers' Strategies for Capitalizing on Sexuality. 12 
GENDER. WORK & ORG. 319.330 (2005). 
117. Robert Jensen. The Paradox of Pornography. OP ED NEWS. Feb. I. 2006. at 
httpJ/www.opednews.com/aniclesfopedne_roben_j 060201_the_paradox_of pomoltm (quoting Jeff 
Steward. owner of JM Productions. http://www.jerkoffzone.com). 
118. Clark. supra note 68. 
119. Robin Askew. Life 
Thru a Lens. 
SPIKE MAC.. 
http://www.spikemagazine.coml 
100Dannabelchong.php (last visited March 16. 2006) (interviewing the star of SEX: THE ANNABEL 
CIIONG STORY). 
EFTA00726893
--- PAGE 20 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 I:66:05 AM 
120 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
[Vol. 18:N 
real physical and psychological injuries. 
Both survivors of prostitution and johns explain that pornography is 
prostitution with a camera. 
One john explained, "Yes, the woman in 
pornography is a prostitute. They're prostituting before the cameras.s120 A 
number of courts have understood that making pornography is an act of 
prostitution.121 
Pimps make more money from johns when they advertise 
women in prostitution as "adult film stars" who are available as "escorts."22
Benefiting from globalization, pornographers use women from Eastern Europe, 
where "they cost less and do more," explained one German producer.I23
Prostitution is advertised online, where it is indistinguishable from 
pornography. The Internet has expanded the reach of traffickers and it has 
intensified the humiliation and violence of prostitution. Pornography is one 
specific means of trafficking women for the purpose of selling women into 
prostitution.'" On pornography/prostitution websites, women are for rent and 
sale. They are moved across town, across the country, and from one country to 
another. 
Craigslist is an Internet site where people can post at no cost what they 
want to buy and what they want to sell. A cell phone and an ad on Craigslist 
sets a teenager up in the business of being sexually exploited in exchange for 
housing, drugs, or cash. In March 2005, Craigslist averaged 25,000 new ads 
every 10 days for "erotic services" that are probably prostitution. 
Internet prostitution and pornography offer the trick anonymity. There are 
increasing numbers of online trick communities supporting each others' 
predatory behaviors and exchanging information regarding where and how 
women can be bought.125 As one young woman explained, "They can do more 
extreme things and keep a double life [on the Internet]. They can have a life 
with the wife and kids and have a fetish, porn thing where they are beating 
chicks on the side."'" She did not say that the john was beating images of 
chicks. She said he was beating chicks. How is that possible in virtual reality, 
when he was at a computer and in an entirely different physical location than 
the women he was beating? 
120. Melissa Farley. Renting an Organ for Ten Minutes: What Tricks Tell us about Prostitution. 
Pornography. and Trafficking. in PORNOGRAPHY: DRIVING THE DEMAND FOR INTERNATIONAL SEX 
TRAFFICKING (David Guinn ed.. forthcoming 2006). 
121. MACKINNON. supra note 3. at 1524. 
122. Thomas Zambito. Two Plead Guilt• in $13 Million Prosty Ring. N.Y. DAILY NEWS. Jan. 6. 
2006. at http://www.nydailynews.com/front/story/380758p-323279c.html. 
123. The Sex Industry: Giving the Customer What He Wants. THE ECONOMIST. Feb. 14. 1998. at 21 
(reporting that excruciating or humiliating acts purchased from women in economically devastated parts 
of Europe cost far less than pornographers paid to film the same acts a decade earlier). 
124. See Catharine A. MacKinnon. Pornography as Trafficking. 26 rota'. J. Inn.. L. 993 (2005). 
125. See Sven Axel Mansson. Men's Practices in Prostitution and Their Implications for Social 
Work, in SOCIAL WORK IN CUBA AND SWEDEN 267 (Sven Axel Mansson & Clotilde Proveyer eds.. 
20(M). 
126. Interview with anonymous. in San Francisco. Cal. (March 24. 2005). 
EFTA00726894
--- PAGE 21 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 I:46:05 AM 
20061 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
121 
The web technology of live video chat permits johns to obtain prostitution 
online by interacting via telephone or keyboard, or by requesting specific sex 
acts that are then performed to his specifications. One company hired women 
to prostitute in warehouse cubicles where they were equipped with 
microphones to communicate with johns. The johns requested assurances from 
the women that the prostitution was performed in real time.I27
Women in prostitution whose pimps or tricks made pornography of them 
displayed significantly more severe symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder 
than did women in prostitution who did not.I28 Even after women escaped 
prostitution, they continued to be traumatized by knowing that customers look 
at pornography made of them during their time in prostitution.I29
5. In order to consider prostitution a job, and in order to keep the business of 
sexual exploitation running smoothly, we can never talk about johns or tricks 
A trick's perspective of prostitution: 
I was like a kid in the candy store. I mean, it was nothing for me to 
knock off four broads in an afternoon.. . . I thought, This is what men 
do.l" 
A prostituted woman's perspective: 
Every day I was witness to the worst of men. Their carelessness and 
grand entitlement. The way they can so profoundly disconnect from 
what it is they're having sex with. . . . There was a system in place 
that was older and stronger than I could begin to imagine. Who was I? 
I was just a girl. What was I going to do about it. If I had any power I 
would make it so that nobody was ever bought or sold or rented.131
Even where prostitution is legal, a majority of tricks' behaviors are 
carefully concealed from public view. Tricks are most often average citizens 
rather than abnormally sadistic psychopaths. They are all ages and from all 
social classes. Most are married or partnered.I32
When a john calls a phone number that he obtains online or via a free 
magazine for obtaining a prostitute, it is called escort prostitution. Indoor 
prostitution such as escort is advocated wherever there is a political movement 
promoting the decriminalization or legalization of prostitution; it is a way to 
protect the trick's anonymity. In indoor prostitution, the trick is much less 
127. Hughes. supra note 114. at 119. 
128. Farley. supra note 120. 
129. MACKINNON & DWORKIN. IN HARM'S WAY. supra note 70. at 351. 
130. James Kaplan. The Laughing Game. THE NEW YORKER. Feb. 7. 2000. 52. 61-62 (emphasis 
added). 
131. hlICIIELLE TEA & LAURENN MCCUBBIN. RENT GIRL 29 (2004). 
132. Melissa Farky. What Do We Knorr• About Johns?. DEMAND DYNAMICS: THE FORCES OF 
DEMAND IN GLOBAL SEX TRAFFICKING 27 (Morrison Torrey S.. 2004). 
EFTA00726895
--- PAGE 22 ---
FARLEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 I:46:05 AM 
122 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
[Vol. 18:N 
likely to be arrested even where prostitution is illegal. 33
Yet the social invisibility of indoor prostitution may actually increase its 
danger for women. Internationally trafficked women and children are almost 
always indoors. Sometimes neighbors may not even know that prostitution is 
occurring next door. 
Although the need for services remains the same 
regardless of the location where prostitution takes place, the invisibility of 
indoor prostitution makes it less likely that services to help women escape will 
be funded or that women will be able to access these services. 
Paying for a woman in prostitution provides men with the power to turn 
women into what Davidson termed "the living embodiment of a masturbation 
fantasy."I34 As one man said about prostituted women, "I use them like I might 
use any other amenity, a restaurant, or a public convenience."133 Interviews 
with men who buy women in prostitution have confirmed what survivors of 
prostitution have told us about prostitution and pornography. While feminists 
have spoken about prostitution as the buying and selling of women's bodies, 
one trick more specifically explained what he did in prostitution as "renting an 
organ for ten minutes."I36 
In this definition, he removed her humanity. 
Women in prostitution became "something for him to empty himself into. . . a 
kind of human toilet."137 Her self and those qualities that define her as an 
individual are removed in prostitution and she acts the part of the thing he 
wants her to be.138 This understanding of the realities of prostitution on the part 
of both the john and the woman he buys are at odds with the notion of 
prostitution as skilled labor as some prostitution advocacy groups have 
characterized it.I39
Many tricks have a nuanced awareness of exactly what being prostituted is 
like for the women. One trick explained that "[Prostitution] takes away a part 
of themselves that they can't get back. They can't look at themselves in the 
mirror." 
Others were aware of the extreme violence of pimps toward 
prostituted women and feared for their own safety.14D
Manson observed that the Swedish tricks he interviewed had greater 
133. Jim Adams & Jason Riley. After Spas' Boom. Enforcement Affects Illicit Sex Business. 
LOUISVILLE COURIER-JOURNAL July II. 2004. at 1. 
134. JULIA O'CONNELL DAVIDSON. PROSTITUTION. POWER. AND FREEDOM 209 (1998). 
135. SEABROOK. supra note 63. at 193. 
136. Interviews on file with the author and forthcoming in Farley. supra note 123. 
137. HOIGARD& FINSTF.D. supra note 36. at SI. 
138. DWORKIN. LIFE AND DEATH. supra note 16. 21139. 
139. Valerie Jeness. Front Sex as Sin to Sex as Work: COYOTE and the Reorganization of 
Prostitution as a Social Problem. 37 SOCIAL PROBLEMS 403 (1990) (referencing Margo St. James and 
Priscilla Alexander). 
140. Farley. supra note 120 (describing the pimping relationship with quotations such as "He 
controls her by hitting her. And by playing mind games with her: "The pimp is the owner and the 
prostitute is the slave to make money for the pimp." and "Death is the end result of her relationship with 
a pimp"). 
EFTA00726896
--- PAGE 23 ---
FARLEY W ITALICS 
3/3/2006 I:46:01 AM 
2006) 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
123 
problems than other men in maintaining relationships with women.1d' One man 
explained, "If you can't communicate with your partner, you can go to a 
prostitute.s102 Many of the men expressed unveiled hostility toward women. "I 
think about getting even [during prostitution)—it's like a kid's game, you're 
scoring points," one man told us. Another said, "She gives up the right to say 
no.i1d3 Another man told us that he clarifies the nature of his relationship to the 
women he buys: "I paid for this. You have no rights. You're with me now."I" 
Tricks confirmed that the relationship in prostitution is one of dominance and 
subordination: "Prostitution says that women have less value than men." 
Another explained, 
Guys get off on controlling women, they use physical power to control 
women, really. If you look at it, it's paid rape. You're making them 
subservient during that time, so you're the dominant person. She has 
to do what you want.145
Men's ambivalence and shame about buying women in prostitution, and 
their desire not to be publicly known as tricks, may provide an opportunity for 
intervention and behavior change. 
6. In order to normalize prostitution in everybody's culture. postmodern theory 
helps to keep the real harms of prostitution, pornography, and trafficking 
invisible. 
Some words hide the truth. Just as torture can be named enhanced 
interrogation, and logging of old-growth forests is named the Healthy Forest 
Initiative, words that lie about prostitution leave people confused about the 
nature of prostitution and trafficking. The following words contribute to the 
myth of the prostitution's inevitability and to the belief that johns' sexual 
predation is a logical consequence of "boys being boys." Men who buy women 
in prostitution are called interested parties or third parties, rather than johns 
or tricks, which is what women call buyers. Pimps are described as boyfriends 
or managers. 
There are other words that make the harm of prostitution invisible. Many 
terms in current usage camouflage the psychological, economic, and social 
coercion against women in prostitution: voluntary prostitution which implies 
that she consented when most frequently she had no other survival options; 
141. Sven-Axel Matson. Men's Practices in Prnsiinaion: The Case of Sweden. in A MAN'S 
WORLD? CHANGING MEN'S PRACDCES IN A GLOBAUTS.D WORLD 135.138 (Bob Pease & Keith Pringle 
eds.. 2001). 
142. Farley. supra note 120. 
143. M. 
144. M. 
145. M. 
EFTA00726897
--- PAGE 24 ---
PARLEY W ITALICS 
5/3/2006 1:46:05 AM 
124 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
(Vol. 18:N 
forced trafficking which implies that some women volunteer to be trafficked 
into prostitution; sex work which defines prostitution as a job rather than an act 
of violence against women. The term migrant sex worker blends prostitution 
and trafficking and implies that both are simply global labor practices. Other 
words that make trafficked women invisible are transnational migrant work 
or flexible labor. 
The expressions socially disadvantaged women (ostensibly used to avoid 
stigmatizing prostitutes) and irregular migration remove any hint of the 
sexual violence that is intrinsic to prostitution. The Chinese words beautiful 
merchandise sugar-coat the objectification of women in prostitution. 
A 
woman in Brazilian prostitution was described as an erotic entrepreneur.1A6
Sexual exploitation in strip club prostitution has been reframed as sexual 
expression and freedom to express one's sensuality by dancing. Brothels are 
referred to as short-time hotels, massage parlors, saunas, health clubs, adult 
clubs, or sexual-encounter establishments. Older men who buy teenagers for 
sex in Seoul call prostitution compensated dating. In Tokyo prostitution is 
described as assisted intercourse. In the United States, the expression 'ho 
promulgates the bigoted notion that all women, especially African American 
women, are natural-born whores. 
Women in prostitution are described as escorts, hostesses, strippers, 
dancers, and sex workers. Sometimes these words are used by women in 
prostitution in order to retain some dignity. The term sex worker suggests that 
prostitution is a reasonable job for poor women, rather than a violation of their 
human rights. The words sex worker imply "order, hierarchy, and 
accountability.. .It says board of directors. . . and marketplace niche.s107 In that 
one word — work — we lose ground in the political struggle to understand 
prostitution as violence against women.148
Postmodern philosophy has contributed to the invisibility of the harms of 
prostitution/trafficking by mystifying prostitution/trafficking via a "politics of 
abdication and disengagement.s149 To postmodern Third Wavers, facts are 
unreliable. 
Incest and rape become "epistemelogical quandaries" to 
postmodemists. Is° The oppressive social forces that grind women down in 
prostitution — race and sex—are considered "unknowable.s131 Racism, sexism, 
146. Larry Roter. She Who Controls Her Body Can Upset Her Countrymen. N.Y. TIMES. Apr. 27. 
2006. at A4. 
147. Jerry Carroll. The Game of the Name. SAN FRANCISCO EXAMINER. Sept. I I. 1994. at 1. 
148. For a blunt critique of the concept of prostitution as a form of labor. see Melissa Farley. 
Unequal. http:flwww.pnostltutionresearch.comlhow_pmMilution_worksoV00I II html. 
149. Catharine A. MacKinnon. Points Against Postmodernism. 75 CIII.-KENT L REV. 687. 711-12 
(2000). 
150. Id. at 703. 
151. Celine Farrenas Shimizu. Remarks at the Yale Journal of Law & Feminism Symposium. Sex 
for Sale: A Symposium on the Commodification of Scx (Feb. 4. 2006). Noting the paradox of pleasure 
and violence in racial subjection." Shimizu explores the rapes of slaves by their masters and 
EFTA00726898
--- PAGE 25 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 1:46:05 AM 
20061 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
125 
and lethal poverty become representations of reality, rather than reality itself. 
The assumption that material reality is mentally constructed and that 
nothing is real means that the actual harms of prostitution cease to exist except 
in a woman's mind. Her life becomes simply a "narrative.s152 Postmodemists 
assume that women who have been prostituted, trafficked, or have had those 
experiences documented via pornography are narrating just one more version of 
reality. In postmodern reality, pimps' and pornographers' lies (prostitution is 
sexy and fun for everyone; prostitutes get rich and meet nice men) are just as 
valid as survivors' lived experiences of sexual exploitation and abuse. This 
presumed equivalence of validity reflects a postmodern "sexual politics of 
meaninglessness"'" that has profoundly impacted women's lives because it 
makes men's violence against women invisible. 
The disconnected verbosity of postmodem theorists on prostitution seems 
incomprehensible to those of us who know real women in prostitution. Under 
postmodern theory, the woman in prostitution is re-objectified as a "signifying 
system" or a "plane of consistency of desire." She is not understood as a 
human being whose dignity and personhood are removed by the john and 
whose body he sexually assaults for money. With what cruel disinterest does 
one write a book about prostitution that declares on page one that "the flesh-
and-blood female body engaged in... sexual interaction in exchange for some 
kind of payment, has no inherent meaning"?134 
Another postmodern 
description of the "terrain" of escort prostitution fragments women's physical 
and psychological experience of prostitution into a "cyborg assemblage" that is 
sold as a commodity in prostitution."5
Postmodern ideology might be dismissed as elitist word-salad except that it 
has real effects on real women when its premises are accepted by public health 
advocates who work with prostituted women or by judges who interpret laws. 
In its celebration of fragmentation and multiplicity,156 postmodernism denies 
the psychological fragmentation that is a direct result of prostitution, 
pornography, and trafficking.157 The overwhelming experiences of rape and 
torture that occur in incest and prostitution are split off from the rest of the self. 
recommends that we not prematurely dismiss "a telling of slavery from the point of view of slave sexual 
contentment." Celine Pairefias Shimizu. Master-Slave Sex Acts: Afandingo and the Race/Sex Paradox. 
WIDE. ANGLE, Oct 1999. at 42. 
152. MacKinnon. supra note 152. at 702. 
153. JEFFREYS. supra note 15. at 201. 
154. SHANNON BELL. READING. WRITING AND REWRITING TIE PROSTITUTE BODY I (1994). 
155. Audrey Extavasia & Tessa Dora Addison. Fucking (with Theory) for Money: Toward an 
Interrogation of Escort Prostitution. POSTMODERN CULTURE. May 1992. http://www3.iath.virginia.edu/ 
pmcitext-onlyfissue.592/add-ext.592. 
156. Bell. supra. note 154. at 4. 
157. MacKinnon. supra note 149. at 707. makes the point that the fragmentation that is idealized by 
pommodernists is. in reality, psychological multiplicity caused by extreme—usually sexual—torture at a 
young age. 
EFTA00726899
--- PAGE 26 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 I:46:0S ANI 
126 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
(Vol. 18:N 
This traumatic dissociation is transformed into a "manufactured identity"iss
that is presumed to have been deliberately created by women in prostitution 
who are seen by postmodemists as "strategist[s]" full of "agency."I59
Minimizing dissociation's origin in traumatic stress, Dutch prostitution 
researcher Vanwesenbeeck described a "dissociative proficiency" that made it 
possible for women to professionally perform the acts of prostitution.th° Public 
health workers' lack of specialized training in recognizing or treating 
dissociation is partly a result of the postmodern failure to grasp the connection 
between deliberately-inflicted violence and dissociation. 
Infused with postmodern ideology, advocates may blame people who are in 
fact victims of men's violence. To describe prostituting women as "risk takers" 
is to suggest that the women themselves provoke violence aimed at them in 
prostitution. One group of researchers assumed that "risk-taking" prostituted 
women willingly exposed themselves to harm, even though the "risk takers" 
had been battered and raped significantly more often than the non-risk takers.161
The risk-taking behavior of prostituted women in this particular study was not 
understood as trauma-based repetition of childhood sexual abuse nor as having 
resulted from parental neglect. 
Contrary to what is asserted by postmodemists, there is a real power 
imbalance in prostitution, where one person has the social, legal, and economic 
power to hire another person to act like a sexualized puppet. Prostitution 
always includes the dehumanization, objectification, and fetishization of 
women.162 There is no mutuality of sexual pleasure or of any other kind of 
power in prostitution. In fact, women are non-persons in prostitution. As one 
of O'Connell Davidson's interviewees explained: the only "plausible line in 
the . . .film Pretty Woman. . .lislwhen Richard Gere, playing a client, asks Julia 
Roberts, playing a prostitute, what her name is. She replies, 'Anything you 
want it to be.'"163 
Domination of one person by another is central to 
prostitution, including racist and sexist verbal abuse, deliberate humiliation and 
ridicule, sadistic physical and psychological tormenting of a vulnerable person, 
the conscious or unconscious degradation of another person, and frequently 
acts that are equivalent to torture. 
Postmodern denial of the racism and violent sexism in prostitution is 
158. Sanders. supra note 116. 336. 
159. Id. 
160. VANWESENBEECK. supra note 5. al 107. 
161. Inc Vanwesenbeeck el al.. Professional HIV Risk Taking. Levels of Victimization. and Well-
Being in Female Prostitutes in The Netherlands. 24 ARCHIVES SEXUAL BEIL 503 (1995). 
162. CLAUDE MGM'. PROSTITUIES—OUR LIFE 88 (Anna Furse et at. trans.. 1980Xdiscussing the 
pain of -being seen, looked at. and bought as an object"): see also GIOBBE. FACILITATOR'S GUIDE. 
supra note 10. at 35 ("To be a prostitute is to be an object in the marketplace."): CF.CILIE HOIGARD & 
LIV FINSTED, supra note 36. al 51 (offering many examples of the fetishization and objectification of 
women in prostitution). 
163. DAVIDSON. supra note 134. al 109. 
EFTA00726900
--- PAGE 27 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 1:46:05 A.N.1 
2006I 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
127 
highlighted in reviews and commentaries about pornography made of Grace 
Quek.I64 A Chinese woman from Singapore, Quek was gang-raped prior to her 
entry into prostitution. She then moved to Los Angeles, where she entered the 
sex industry, specializing in hard-core pornography where multiple men 
penetrated her. Quek has been dismissed by sex industry buffs as a "babbling 
idiot," 15 a "multiple entity," and a "freak-show,"166 while the industry's 
predators quickly moved to exploit her dissociative vulnerability. In "The 
World's Greatest Gang Bang," 251 men were filmed sexually assaulting Quek 
for 10 nonstop hours. Her real consent for this was unclear from some of her 
comments in some interviews and from her face which was sometimes 
contorted in pain during the assaults. She was originally told that the men had 
been tested for HIV, and upon learning that not all johns had been tested, Quek 
commented, "sex is worth dying for."I67 Observing the long-term effects of 
self-mutilation, one interviewer asked Quek about the scars on her arms. She 
responded, "I find pain a relief, you know?"168
One reviewer nonetheless viewed Quek as "the new feminist icon who 
provokes and is not ashamed... to be viewed as nothing more than an 
object."169 
This postmodern perspective parallels the pornographers' 
propaganda that their film was a subversive demonstration of Asian female 
sexual appetite. Yet Quek did not break a record for having orgasms; rather, 
she set a record for how many men could penetrate her.17° This is the same 
sexual exploitation and abuse that is perpetrated against other women in 
pornography/prostitution."' 
At one adult video event, Quek was surrounded by men with cameras who 
ordered her into different poses. She seemed "empty" to one observer who 
noted that she "clamel across like a puppet terrified of disappointing her 
commanders. There was no sign of the much-vaunted empowerment or control 
164. See. e.g.. 111E WORLD'S BIGGEST GANG BANG (Zane. 1995): SEX: THE ANNABEL CHONG 
STORY (Coffeehouse Films. 2002). 
165. Anthony 
Petkovitch. 
Grace from 
Outer Space. 
SPECTATOR. 
Apr. 
26. 
2000. 
http://www.spectator.neUEDPAGES/annabelAP.html. 
166. Linda Ruth Williams. Review of Sex: The Annabel Chong Story. SIGHT AND SOUND. May 
2000. http://www.bfforg.uk/sightandsound/review/493. 
167. Kimberly Chun. Sex: The Annabel Chong Story from a Singapore Schoolgirl to the Nastiest 
Porn Star in the World. ASIAN WEEK. May 4. 2000. http://www.asianweek.com/2000_05_134/ 
ae_annabekhong.html. 
MK Clark. supra note 68. at 13. 
169. Gaby Bila-Gunther. Review of Sex: The Annabel Chong Story. SENSES OFCINEMA. July—Aug. 
2000. hup://www.sensesofcinema.com/contents/00/8/sex.html. 
170. Linda Ruth Williams. Review of Sex: The Annabel Chong Story. SIGHT AND SOUND. May 
20(X). hup://www.bfi.org.uk/sightandsoundfissue/208005. 
171. One particularly vicious pornographer sarcastically noted. "I simply must admire any woman 
who can take 250 loads on her back, ass. and fits: pounded from behind. from the side, and on top: a 
woman soaked. fatigued. and nearly broken." Matt Cale. Review of Sex: The Annabel Chong Story. 
http://ruthlessreviews.com/movies/s/sex.html (last visited Mar. 16.2006). 
EFTA00726901
--- PAGE 28 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 
MA 
128 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
(Vol. 18:N 
in her frantic displays, just someone that had sadly become less than human."172
Postmodern thinking protects johns and maintains their social invisibility. 
The notion that all constructions of reality are equally valid colludes with, for 
example, rapists who deny perpetrating rape. 
How can we hold johns 
accountable for acts of sexual abuse and paid rape, when postmodemists object 
to the idea of a "doer behind the deed"?"3 Why weren't any of the men who 
gang raped Grace Quek charged with sexual assault? Postmodern ideologues 
are complicit with men who commit sexual violence against women, including 
johns, pimps and pornographers. 
7. In order to view prostitution as a job, and in order to keep the business of 
sexual exploitation running smoothly, we can not know that when prostitution 
is legalized or decriminalized, it gets worse. And we can not know that there 
are some excellent laws that are aimed squarely at abolishing the institution of 
prostitution while at the same time supporting the women in it to escape. 
The effects of legalized prostitution can be observed in Australia, where 
researchers have found that it produces a "prostitution culture"170 with 
increased illegal as well as legal prostitution, increased presence of organized 
crime, increased demand for prostitution, increased child prostitution, and 
increased trafficking of women for the purpose of prostitution.'" State-
sponsored prostitution provides a legal welcome to pimps, traffickers, and 
johns."6 But does it protect women? 
Well-intentioned people are confused about how to address what they 
intuitively understand to be the intrinsic harms of prostitution and trafficking. 
177 It is misleading when right-to-prostitution advocates and pimps reframe 
prostitution as a human rights issue. One organization even proposed that 
172. Dmetri Kakmi. Review of Sex: The Annabel Chong Story. SENSES OF CINEMA. Dec. 2000-
Jan. 2001. hup:ffwww.sensesofcinema.com/contents/0011 liannabeLhtml. 
173. MacKinnon. supra note 149. 706 n.47 (quoting _Timm BLIThE.R. GENDER TROUBLE 25 
(1990)). 
174. MARY SULLIVAN. WHAT HAPPENS WHEN PROSTTTUTION BE-COMES WORK? AN UPDATE. ON 
LEGALISATION OF PROSTITUTION IN AUSTRALLA 23 (2005). available at httplfaction.web.calhome/catwi 
madingroomshtml?x=84f41. 
175. M. 
176. Janice G. Raymond. Ten Reasons for Not Legalizing Prostitution and a Legal Response to the 
Demand for Prostitution. in PROSTITUTION. TRAFFICKING. AND TRAUMATIC STRESS 315 (Melissa 
Farley ed.. 2003). See also SUWVAN. supra note 174: ILVI JOE-CANNON. PRIMER ON THE MALE 
DEMAND FOR PROSTITUTION (2006). huplfaction.web.calhome/catwireadingroomshunl?x=85687. 
177. Politicians speak about prostitution with inconsistent, sometimes wildly divergent statements. 
In New Zealand. for instance. Prime Minister Helen Clark argued that prostitution was **abhorrent." but 
that its decriminalization would benefit women. Clark failed to note that in addition to decriminalizing 
solicitation offenses for women. across-the-board decriminalization of prostitution also decriminalizes 
the predatory behaviors of pimps. johns. and traffickers. John Banks. City Shoulders Load of Making 
Law Wort NEW ZEALAND HERALD. Sept. 15. 2003. at 1. 
EFTA00726902
--- PAGE 29 ---
FARIET W ITALICS 
5/3/2006 I:66:05 AM 
2006) 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
129 
women's civil rights would be violated if they were denied the "right to work" 
as a prostitute.178 Laws against pimping or buying women are seen by sex 
workers' rights groups as obstacles to conducting business. 
Another source of confusion about legal prostitution is that sex industry 
advocates appropriate the names of legitimate human rights or public health 
organizations. Although their names are similar, the Global Alliance Against 
Trafficking in Women (GAATW) promotes prostitution as sex work, while the 
Coalition Against Trafficking in Women (CATW) promotes the abolition of 
prostitution.179
Legal prostitution and decriminalized prostitution are both state-sanctioned 
prostitution, but there are differences between them. In legalized prostitution, 
the state assumes the role of pimp, collecting taxes and regulating the practice 
of prostitution. Decriminalized prostitution is a radical removal of any and all 
laws regarding prostitution (including laws against pimping, pandering, 
purchasing, and procuring) so that the buying and selling of people in 
prostitution is considered the legal equivalent of buying candy. 
Although advocates allege that legalizing prostitution would remove its 
social stigma, in fact, women in legalized prostitution are still physically and 
socially rejected, whether they are in rural brothels ringed with razor wire or in 
urban brothels walled-off from the city.180 Zoning of the location of legal or 
state-tolerated prostitution is a constant source of legal battles, since no one 
wants prostitution transactions taking place in his neighborhood. 
Legalization is not only ineffective in removing the stigma of prostitution: 
it also fails to protect women from violence. Legal control of prostitution 
targets its "outward appearance rather than the conditions in which women find 
themselves. On the whole, governments are far more anxious about public 
order and public health than about abuse and violence."181 Many women in 
178. VALERIE JENNESS. MAKING IT WORK: THE PROSTHUTES. RIGHTS MOVEMENT IN 
PERSPECTIVE 5 (1993). 
179. Other organizations that accept or promote prostitution as a reasonable job for poor women 
include: World Health Organization (WHO): UN/AIDS: International Labor Organization (ILO): 
Amnesty International: Anti-Slavery International: Coalition Against Slavery and Trafficking (CAST). 
CARE International: and Medccins sans Fronticres. For a more extended list of such organizations. see 
Farley. supra note 30. at 1091-92. 
ISO. Advocates for legalized or decriminalized prostitution argue that the primary harm of 
prostitution is social stigma rather than the physical and psychological violence described here. Yet 
there is no evidence that legalization mitigates the social stigma of prostitution. For example. Dutch 
women in legal prostitution have the opportunity to accrue pension funds. But they fail to take 
advantage of this option. fearing that the designation would pursue them for the rat of their lives. See 
Arjan Schippers. Turning Prostitution into a Legal Business Has Met IVA Opposition front People in 
the Sex Industry Itself. RADIO NETHERLANDS. http://www.mw.nlisocietythtmUcritics020102.html (last 
visited Apr. II. 2006): Suzanne Daley. New Rights for Dutch Prostitutes. but No Gain. N.Y. TIMES. 
Aug. 12.2001. at IS. 
181. MARJAN WORM & LIN LAP-CHEW. Trafficking in Women. Forced Labour and Slavery-like 
Practices in Marriage, in DOMESTIC LABOUR AND PROSTITUTION 152 (Foundation Against Trafficking 
in Women. Utrecht. Neth..I 997). In order of frequency reported, manifestations of abusive conditions in 
EFTA00726903
--- PAGE 30 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
5/3/2006 E46:05 Allot 
130 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
(Vol. 18:N 
prostitution tell us that legalized prostitution will not make them any safer than 
they were in illegal prostitution.182 Thus legal brothels in the Netherlands may 
have as many as three panic buttons in each room.183 Dutch, South African, and 
Australian pimps have commented on the extreme physical violence that johns 
inflict on women in prostitution, 184 and Australian women in prostitution are 
advised to take classes in hostage negotiation.'" When rapes occur, however, 
women in legal strip clubs are told to keep silence or be tired)" Women in 
prostitution speak constantly of its violence. in
Although "health checks" of prostituted women occur in legal prostitution, 
the purpose of the screening is to provide the buyer with an HIV-free 
commodity. 
The health check is not aimed at protecting the woman in 
prostitution from HIV transmitted to her by johns. Under the guise of HIV 
prevention, and using the massive HIV prevention funding available 
worldwide, some advocacy groups have used HIV prevention funds to promote 
legalized or decriminalized prostitution. A 2005 crackdown on this misuse of 
funds has led to legal disputes.i18 Because sexual harassment and sexual 
prostitution include: psychological abuse, physical abuse. confinement, police harassment and arrest. 
sexual assault, no right to refuse a customer or a mandatory minimum number of customers per day. 
isolation, denial of days off, no right to refuse specific sexual acts. confiscation of identity papers and/or 
passport imposition of twelve or more hours of work daily, no access to medical care. forced or 
dangerous abortions, threats of reprisals against family members for non-compliance, confiscation of 
personal belongings. denial of right to use condoms, withholding of pay, no proper sleeping 
accommodations. compulsory AIDS testing and no access to the results, inadequate food, and also 
forcible recruitment of sisters and friends into prostitution. Id. at 199. 
182. Farley supra note 15. at 33: see also Roberto J. Valera, et. al. Perceived Health Needs of 
Inner-City Street Prostitutes. 25 AM. J. HEALTH BEHAV. 50.54 (200 1). 
183. Interview with Jacob K. Jou. Yale University. Yale University Computer Center, in New 
Haven. Conn. (Feb. 4. 2006). 
184. Sheila Jeffreys. The Legalisation of Prostitution: A Failed Social Experiment. WOMF.N'S 
HEALTH WATCH. I. 8 (Women's Health Action. Auckland, New Zealand. March/Apr.. 2003) available 
at hup://www.womens health.org.nz (discussing bouncers' failures to protect women from beatings in 
legal Australian brothels): SEX WORKER EDUCAllON & ADVOCACY TASKIORCE. SAFETY TIPS FOR SEX 
WORKERS (1997) (pamphlet. on file with author) (recommending that those in prostitution check johns' 
rooms for knives, handcuffs or rope). Daley, supra note ISO. at 15.(discussing a pimp who described a 
pillow in a brothel as a 'murder weapon.') 
185. Mary Sullivan. Can Prostitution Be Safe? Applying Occupational Health and Safety• Codes to 
Australia's Legalized Brothel Prostitution, in NOT FOR SALE 252 (Rebecca Whisnant & Christine Stark 
eds.. 2004): see also SULLIVAN. supra note 174. at 21-22 (discussing risk management procedures and 
deescalation protocols). 
186. Susan Sward. Dancer Says Strip Club Patron Raped Her. SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE. Feb. 
10.20(X), at A19. 
187. One woman explained that prostitution is "like domestic violence taken to the extreme." Diana 
Leone. One in 100 children in Sex Trade. Study Says. HONOLULU STAR-BULLETIN. Sept. 10. 2001. at 
Al. available at http://starbulletin.corrv2001/09/10fnewststotyl.html: A First Nations woman in Canada 
said. "what is rape for others, is normal for us:' Farley et al.. supra note 35. at 242: see also Susan Kay 
Hunter. Prostitution is Cruelty and Abuse to IVonten and Children. 1 not. J. GENDER & L. I 
(1994)(stating that it is impossible to protect women in prostitution who are rapcd approximately 
weekly). 
188. For a detailed discussion of these issues, see Memorandum of Law for APNE AAP and 
Eighteen Other Organizations as Amiens Curiae. Alliance for Open Society Init. Inc.. and Open Soc'y 
Inst. v. United States Agency for Init. Dev.. Civil Action No.05-CV-8209 (Dec. 9.2005) 
EFTA00726904
--- PAGE 31 ---
FARIEY W ITALICS 
5/3/2006 1:46:05 AM 
2006] 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
131 
violence am intrinsic to legal as well as illegal prostitution, and because rape is 
a primary means of transmission of HIV,189 the threat of contracting HIV is not 
at all diminished under legal prostitution. Ultimately, the abolition of HIV and 
the abolition of prostitution both require the elimination of sex inequality.'" 
Systematically discriminating against women of all ages, all classes, and 
against ethnically subordinated groups, prostitution is not safer when it is 
legalized. Prostitution reinforces and promotes sex inequality. A Nevada 
legislator stated, 
Condoning prostitution is the most demeaning and degrading thing the 
state can do to women. What... [Nevada] do[es] as a state is 
essentially put a U.S.-grade stamp on the butt of every prostitute. 
Instead, we should be turning them around by helping them get back 
into society.I9I
What is a better solution? In 1988, Andrea Dworkin suggested that 
prostitution should be decriminalized for the prostitute while at the same time 
criminalizing johns, pimps and traffickers.'92 Today such a law exists in 
Sweden. 
Recognizing that prostitution deserved abolition, the Swedish 
government criminalized the john's and pimp's and trafficker's buying of sex 
but not the prostituted person's selling of sex. The law made clear that "in the 
majority of cases... [the woman in prostitution] is a weaker partner who is 
exploited," and it allocated funding for social services to "motivate prostitutes 
to seek help to leave their way of life."'93 Two years after the law's passage, a 
government taskforce reported that them was a fifty-percent decrease in the 
number of women prostituting and a seventy-five percent decrease in the 
number men who bought sex. Trafficking of women into Sweden has also 
decreased.194
189. Press Release. Commission on the Status of Women. Remarks by Peter Pia. U.N. Doc. 
WOMII 104 (Mar. 3. 1999): Claudia Garcia-Moreno & Charlotte Watts. Press Release. Gender Equality. 
Violence Against Women Present Continuing Challenges, told to Third Committee. U.N. Doc. 
GA/SH03744 
(Oct. 
I5. 
2003). 
available 
at 
http://www.un.org/News/Pressidocs/2003/ 
gashc3744.doc.hun. 
190. See Editorial. The Feminization of AIDS. N.Y. TIMES. Dec. 13. 2004. at A26: Maxine Frith. 
India's Hidden AIDS Epidemic: Virus to Infect 25 Million by 2010. THE INDEPENDENT (London). Nov. 
19. 2003. at 13. Nonprostituted women arc also at high risk for HIV because of the widespread 
tolerance of violence against women. In India. for example. there is no law against marital rape. Id. 
See also Kate Hendricks. Thailand's 100% Condom Use Policy: Success is in the Eyc of the Beholder 
(Oct. 28. 2005) (unpublished manuscript. on file with first author): Sevgi 0. Aral & Jonathan M. Mann. 
Commercial Sex Wont and STD: The Need for Policy Interventions to Change Societal Patterns. 25 
5F.XUALIN TRANSMITTED DISEASES 455. 455-56 (1998)(discussing Centers for Disease Control 
recommendations that public health programs address the human rights violations of prostitution). 
191. ALEXA ALBERT. BROTIIEL: MUSTANG RANCH AND ITS WOMEN 178 (2001) (quoting William 
O'Donnell). 
192. DwORK1N. supra note 84. at 133. 
193. For information about the Swedish law regarding prostitution and trafficking. see 
Prostitutionresearch.com. Fact Sheet in Violence Against Women. http://www.prostitutionrescarch.com/ 
swedish.html (last visited Apr. I I. 2006). 
194. Gunilla S. Ekberg. The Swedish Law that Prohibits the Purchase of Sexual Services. 10 
EFTA00726905
--- PAGE 32 ---
FARLEY W WALES 
3/3/2006 1:46:05 AM 
132 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
(Vol. 18:N 
There are also progressive legal developments in Korea where buying and 
selling sex acts is criminalized. In 2004, following an educational campaign by 
women's and human rights groups, the Korean government enacted laws 
authorizing seizure of assets obtained by trafficking in women, increased 
penalties for trafficking and prostitution, established supports and resources for 
prostituted/trafficked women, and provided funds for public education 
campaigns about prostitution.'" The passage and enforcement of these laws 
has been credited with a thirty-seven percent reduction in the number of 
brothels in Korea, a thirty-to-forty percent decrease in the number of bars and 
clubs (which comprise eighty-percent of the sex industry in Korea), and a fifty-
two percent decrease in the number of women prostituted in brothels.'" 
A Florida state law provides civil remedies for damages that johns and 
pimps inflict on prostituted women.197 
Women who are coerced into 
prostitution via exploitation of social and legal vulnerability can sue johns and 
pimps for damages. 
Coercion is defined as restraint of speech or 
communication with others; exploitation of a condition of developmental 
disability, cognitive limitation, affective disorder, or substance dependence; 
exploitation of prior victimization by sexual abuse; exploitation during the 
making of pornography; and exploitation of the human needs for food, shelter, 
safety, or affection.19B
A new consciousness about the harms of prostitution in the United 
Kingdom is evident in political commentary suggesting that men should be 
charged with rape if they have sex with women who are intimidated into having 
sex with them, even if money is paid for that sex act.'99
Two international agreements strongly oppose prostitution and trafficking. 
The United Nations 1949 Convention declares that trafficking and prostitution 
are incompatible with individual dignity and worth.200 
The Convention 
VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN 1187 (20(11). available at httplAvww.prostitutionresearch.com/c-laws-
about-prostitution.html: see also Gunilla S. Ekberg. Prostitution and Trafficking: the Legal Situation in 
Sweden (Mar. 15. 2001) (unpublished manuscript, on file with author.) 
195. Farley & Seo. supra note 29. at 9-12. 
196. M. at 9 (discussing Gi Hwan Kim's legal proposals to prevent prostitution and sex tourism in 
Korea). 
197. FLA. STAT. § 796.09 (2006): cf. MINN. STAT. § 611 A.80 (1994): see also Margaret A. 
Baldwin. Strategies of Connection: Prostitution and Feminist Politics. I MICH. J. GENDER & L. 65 
(1993) (discussing FLA. STAT. § 796.09 (2006)). 
198. FLA. STAT. § 796.09(k)—(o) (2006): see Meg Baldwin. What Can Be Done to Interfere with 
and Ultimately Eliminate Demand?, in DEMAND DYNAMICS 105 (Morrison Torrey ed.. 2004) 
(discussing claims brought and won under FLA. STAT. § 796.09). In 2006. the Florida Council Against 
Sexual Violence, in collaboration with Florida Legal Services, the Jacksonville Women's Center. and 
Refuge House. is seeking federal funding to support civil legal claims that may be brought by prostituted 
women under section 796.09 of the Florida Code. Entail from Margaret Baldwin (Mar. 17. 2006Kon file 
with author). 
199. Denis MacShane. Prosecute 'Massage Parhme Rapists. DAILY TELEGRAPH. Jan 3. 2006. at 
14. 
200. Convention for the Suppression of the Traffic in Persons and of the Exploitation of the 
EFTA00726906
--- PAGE 33 ---
FARIEY W ITALICS 
3/3/2006 1:46:01 AM 
2006) 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
133 
addresses the harms of prostitution to consenting adult women whether 
transported across national boundaries or not. Viewing trafficked women as 
victims, not criminals, the 2000 Palermo Protocol makes consent irrelevant to 
whether or not trafficking has occurred and encourages states to develop 
legislative responses to men's demand for prostitution.201 
The Palermo 
Protocol establishes a method of international judicial cooperation that would 
permit prosecution of traffickers and organized criminals. It addresses a range 
of other forms of sexual exploitation including pornography. 
A 2006 report by the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the Human 
Rights Aspects of the Victims of Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women 
and Children, noted that prostitution as it is practiced in the world "usually 
satisfies the legal elements for the definition of trafficking"202 and therefore, 
legalization of prostitution is "to be discouraged.s203 The Special Rapporteur 
observed that "the issue of demand is of crucial importance in addressing 
trafficking,"204 noting, Illy engaging in the act of commercial sex, the 
prostitute-user is... directly inflicting an additional and substantial harm upon 
the trafficking victim. tantamount to rape, above and beyond the harmful means 
used by others to achieve her entry or maintenance in prostitution."205
CONCLUSION 
Postmodern descriptions of prostituted women as sex workers promote an 
acceptance of conditions that in any other employment context would be 
correctly described as sexual harassment, sexual exploitation, or rape. 
Women's experiences of violence and their psychological response to it cannot 
be theorized away. Postmodern analyses of prostitution that consider it to be 
"just acting""6 or that view women's traumatic dissociative responses as proof 
of "an exceptional control of the inner world" trivialize the existence of real 
Prostitution of Others. 96 U.N.T.S. 271. See also Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of 
Discrimination Against Women. Dec. 18. 1979. art. 5. 1249 U.N.T.S. 13. 17. declaring in Article 6 that 
state panics shall take all appropriate measures. including legislation. to suppress all forms of traffic in 
women and exploitation or prostitution of women. 
201. See Janice G. Raymond. The New U.N. Trafficking Protocol. 25 WOMEN'S STUD. Dirri. F. 491 
(2002). The Protocol also closes some loopholes previously used to define prostitution and trafficking as 
labor. For example. the Protocol describes payment of money for prostitution as a means of coercing a 
person into being sexually used. Id. At 492 
202. United Nation Commission on Human Rights. Report of the Special Rapporteur on the 
Human Rights Aspects of the Victims of Trafficking in Persons. £specially Women and Children. 9 U.N. 
Doc. E/CN.4/2006/62 (Feb. 20. 2006). 
203. Mat 17. 
2(M. Id. at 7. 
205. Id. at 12. The Special Rapporteur noted that "the terms 'sex work'. 'sex worker' and 'client' 
wrongly suggest that prostitution. as currently practised. does not typically fall within the category of 
trafficking." Id. at 10. 
206. Sanders. supra note 116. al. 319. 
EFTA00726907
--- PAGE 34 ---
FARIEY W WALES 
3/3/2006 1:46:05 AM 
134 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
(Vol. 18:N 
violence against real women in prostitution.21" 
A false distinction between prostitution and trafficking has hindered efforts 
to abolish prostitution. The word trafficking has been used by sex industry 
promoters to separate 'innocent' victims of trafficking from women who 
choose prostitution.208 In reality, no such line exists. Understanding the real-
world link between prostitution and trafficking is crucial to developing 
effective laws against trafficking. Since prostitution creates the demand for 
trafficking, the sex industry in its totality must be confronted. Unless existing 
prostitution laws are integrated into newer state antitrafficking laws, we won't 
be challenging sex trafficking as it operates in the world.2°9
A useful approach would be to compare the institution of prostitution to 
that of slavery.m Prostitution requires a sexualized identity just as slavery 
requires a racialized identity, and both institutions are fueled by racism and 
sexism. Slavery, like prostitution, is a relation of domination and subordination 
that involves "direct and insidious violence. . . namelessness and invisibility. . . 
endless personal violation, and... chronic dishonor:21i Describing the parallel 
situation of Jamaicans under historical slavery and the situation of Jamaicans 
today who "earn their living by renting their genitals," a 2006 Kingston 
editorial criticized the legitimization of slavery-like conditions of those in 
prostitution by calling them 'sex workers'.2I2
Johns who buy women, groups promoting legalized prostitution, and 
governments that sanction or tolerate prostitutionm form a powerful alliance 
that threaten all women. Legal and illegal (but tolerated) sex businesses are 
places where men can commit sexual harassment and sexual exploitation 
without fear, and where they are socialized to inflict those same acts on other 
women in their lives. When prostitution is tolerated or legalized by the state, 
207. N1AGGIE O'NEILL PROSTTIUTION AND FEMINISM 89 (2001). 
208. Dorchen A. Leidholdt. Coalition Against Trafficking in Women. Speech at University of 
North Carolina. Sexual Trafficking Conference: Breaking the Crisis of Silence (April 8. 2006)(also 
discussing the importance of developing strong Mate antitrafficking laws with comprehensive definitions 
of trafficking that include domestic as well as transnational trafficking. that address men's demand for 
prostitution as crucial to addressing sex trafficking. and that seek to prevent the recruitment of men to 
travel for the purpose of sexually exploiting women and children: also advocating state laws that clearly 
decriminalize the victims of prostitution, including prostituted children, and that provide funding for 
services for victims). 
209. Neuwirth. supra note 56. 
210. Melissa Farley. Prostitution. Slavery, and Complex PTSD (1997) (unpublished paper 
presented at International Society for Traumatic Stress Studies. Montreal. on file with author). 
211. ORLANDO PATTERSON. SLAVERY AND SOCIAL DEATH 12 (1982). 
212. Anthony G. Gumbs. Prostitution: A Return to Slavery. JAMAICA GLEANER ONLINE. Apr. 24. 
2006. available at http://www.jamaicagleaner.com/gleaner/20060424flettersflettersl.html 
213. See. e.g.. Marisa B. Ugane et al.. Pmsiiiution and Trafficking of Women and Children from 
Mexico to the United States, in PROSTITUTION. 'TRAFFICKING. AND 'TRAUMATIC STRESS 147 (Melissa 
Farley ed.. 2003) (describing zones of tolerance for prosititution near Mexico City). Hotel casinos in Las 
Vegas am another example of tolerance zones. where women are pimped to high rollers. Although 
prostitution is illegal in Las Vegas. police tend to ignore prostitution of adult women in casinos. and 
there are relatively few indoor arrests of johns. Id. 
EFTA00726908
--- PAGE 35 ---
FARIEY W ITALICS 
3/3/2006 I:46:01 MA 
20061 
Prostitution, Trafficking and Cultural Amnesia 
135 
sexual predation is normalized — acts ranging from "seemingly banal verbal 
humiliation (such as sexist and racist verbal abuse), to dominating and 
degrading behavior (pornography/prostitution in which a group of men 
ejaculate on a woman's face while she sobs), to lethal assault (snuff prostitution 
with actual murders filmecl).":" 
Harm reduction models of intervention in prostitution/trafficking, while 
sometimes helpful, fail to address the roots of the problem.2" If we are to 
prevent the harms of prostitution, and if its harms are intrinsic to prostitution, 
just as slavery's harms are intrinsic to that institution, then we must ultimately 
prevent the existence of prostitution. We must learn how it is that men make 
the choice to buy women in prostitution and how that behavior is reinforced in 
various cultures. This is a profoundly optimistic viewpoint, since it assumes 
that the even the most entrenched forms of male violence against women can 
be changed or eliminated. Our goal is to abolish the institution of prostitution 
while at the same time standing in solidarity with sisters who am currently 
prostituted. 
214. Farley. supra note 30. at 1116. 
215. Harm reduction in prostitution/sex trafficking should include the same three components as 
harm reduction for the addictions. For example. 1) measures to reduce the harm of the addictions such 
as clean needles. and measures to reduce the harm of prostitution such as distribution of female condoms 
to reduce the incidence of cervical cancer: 2) measures to reduce the demand for drugs such as freely 
available methadone clinics. and measures to reduce men's demand for prostitution such as felony-level 
arrests of johns: 3) measures to reduce the supply of drugs. such as arrests of major drug dealers. and 
measures to reduce the numbers of women entering prostitution by providing stable housing or by 
arresting corrupt immigration officials in the case of trafficking. Harm reduction advocates often 
assume that women will inevitably remain in prostitution and focus only on number one above. We 
need to focus on harm elimination (as in numbers two and three) as well as harm reduction in 
prostitution/trafficking. 
EFTA00726909
--- PAGE 36 ---
FARIEY W ITALICS 
3/3/2006 I:46:01 MA 
136 
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism 
(Vol. 18:N 
APPENDIX A 
HELP WANTED: WOMEN AND GIRLS DO YOU WANT THIS JOB? 
Prostitution has been euphemized as an occupational alternative for women, as an answer to low-
paying. low skilled, boring dead-end jobs, as a solution to the high unemployment rate of poor 
women, as a form of sexual liberation, and a career women freely choose. 
'Are you tired of mindless. low skilled low-paying jobs? Would you like a career with flexible 
hours? Working with people? Offering a professional service? 
'No experience required. No high school diploma needed. 
'No minimum age requirement. On-the-job training provided. 
'Special opportunities for poor women—single mothers—women of color. 
Women and girls applying for this position will provide the following services: 
'Being penetrated orally. anally, and vaginally with penises. fingers. fistand objects, including but 
not limited to, bottles, brushes. dildoes, guns and/or animals: 
'Being bound and gagged, tied with ropes and/or chaains. burned with cigarettes. or hung from 
beams or trees: 
'Being photographed or filmed performing these acts. 
Workplace: 
Job-related activities will be performed in the following locations: in an apartment, a hotel. a "massage 
parlor:' car, doorway. hallway. street. executive suite. fraternity house, convention, bar, public toilet. 
public park. alleyway. military base, on a stage. in a glass booth. 
Wages: 
'Wages will be negotiated at each and every transaction. Payment will be delivered when client 
determines when and if services have been rendered to his satisfaction. 
'Corporate management fees range from 40-60% of wages: private manager reserves the right to 
impound all monies earned. 
Benefits: 
Benefits will be provided at the discretion of management. 
NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LEGAL REDRESS FOR THE FOLLOWING ON-THE JOB HAZARDS: 
'Nonpayment for services rendered: 
'Sexually transmitted diseases or pregnancy: 
'Injuries sustained through performance of services including but not limited to cuts, bruises. 
lacerations, internal hemorrhaging, broken bones. suffocation. mutilation, disfigurement. 
dismemberment, and death. 
Note: Accusations of rape will be treated as a breach of contract by employee. 
Name of applicant: 
Signature of manager on behalf of applicant: 
EFTA00726910

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726911.pdf
----------------------------------------
George V. Delson Associates 
One Dag Hammarskjold Plan @ 
• New York, New York 10017 
TELECOPIER TRANSMITTAL 
(If any portion is not legible, please call sender at 
TO: 
JEF 
DATE: 
CC: 
TELECOPIER NO: 
FROM:  George V. Delson 
NUMBER OF PAGES 
(including this page): 
REFERENCE: GM/Bear Stearns/FTC 
MESSAGE 
If you want, you can just look at the conclusion. Let me know when 
you complete the details. 
US Treasury Department Circular 230 requires that we inform you that any federal tax 
advice contained in this communication (including attachments) is not intended or written 
to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal 
Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any 
transactions or matter addressed herein. 
The material transmitted herewith is intended for the personal and confidential use of the person to whom addressed and 
may be a privileged communication. If this has been delivered to some person other than the intended recipient, please 
contact the sender at once by telephone (collect) and return same to the sender at the above address. Any unauthorized 
distribution or copying is prohibited. 
EFTA00726911
--- PAGE 2 ---
GEORGE V. DELSON ASSOCIATES 
OFFICE MEMORANDUM 
TO: 
JEE 
FROM: GVD 
COPIES TO: DKI 
SUBJECT: 
GM/Bear Stearns/FTC 
DATE: September 15, 2010 
PRIORITY STATUS: Routine 
PRMLEGED FILE 
Enclosed is a copy of the memo that I put out on or about 9/29/08. 
Section E, thereof deals with the transaction being treated as a loan of 100,000 
shares of Bear Stearns stock to JEE. However, Bear Stearns stock was converted 
into J P Morgan Chase at an exchange rate of .21753 of JPM for each share of 
BS stock. Accordingly, JEE owes FTC 21,753 shares of JPM stock since BS 
stock is no longer available to be returned. 
In order to "clean up" the stock loan, JEE needs to do the following: 
1. Purchase 21,753 shares ofJPM stock; 
2. Arrange for the delivery of such stock to FTC in satisfaction of the stock 
loan; 
3. In addition JEE owes FTC dividends on the borrowed stock. Therefore, 
attached is a schedule of the rate of dividends which JPM paid during the stock 
loan period; 
4. Since this is a "stock loan", then TEE owes FTC the dividends paid by BS 
and JPM during that period. The attached memo shows that BS paid dividends on 
this stock in the amount of $272,000. 
5. In addition, JPM paid dividends quarterly on the stock at varying rates 
during this period in the total amount of $5.00 per share. (See the annexed 
schedule). 
New York, NY 10017 
Telephone 
Fax 
EFTA00726912
--- PAGE 3 ---
6. Thus, JEE owes FTC dividends on the stock borrowed as follows: 
a. BS period (see item 3 above) 
$272,000 
b. JPM period ($5.00 X 21,753 shares) 
108.765 
Total dividends due 
Maid 
CONCLUSION 
• JEE purchase 21,753 shares of JPM stock 
(current price $41) 
$ 891,873 
• Deliver stock to FTC (or other delivery 
instructions from FTC) 
• Transfer funds (wire/check) for 
dividends reimbursement 
380,765 
• Total estimated cost 
$1,272,638 
The sooner thus transaction is concluded, the better. 
EFTA00726913
--- PAGE 4 ---
GEORGE V. DELSON ASSOCIATES 
OFFICE MEMORANDUM 
TO: File 
DATE: 
September 29, 2008 
FROM: GVD 
PRIORITY STATUS: Routine 
COPIES TO: JEE 
DKI 
SUBJECT: JEE/GM/FTC Bear Stearns 
PRIVILEGED FILE 
There is, currently, an inconsistent position with respect to the recording of the 
transfer, in 2005, by FTC of 100,000 shares of Bear Stearns stock. We need to 
take some action to resolve the inconsistency. What follows is a recitation of the 
pertinent facts and a discussion of the tax effects of one resolution versus another. 
A. The pertinent facts. 
I. On 10/24/05 JEE directed the transfer by FTC to GM of 100,000 shares of 
Bear Stearns ("BS") stock. On that date it had a market value of 104.5 per 
share — $10,450,000 in total. FTC acquired the stock on 7/14/05 by 
purchase — cost basis 106.26 - $10,106,260. The stock was delivered to 
GM's account at BS from FTC's account at BS. FTC recorded the transfer 
on its books as a "Stock Loan Receivable" in the amount of its cost basis. 
2. Dividends were paid by BS on this stock and received by GM as follows: 
2006 - $112,000; 2007 - $128,000; 2008 — $32,000. These amounts were 
included in GM's income tax returns for the years 2006 and 2007; 2008 has, 
obviously, not yet been filed. 
3. On 3/14/08 GM sold 100,000 shares of BS stock for a net price of 
$3,199,947 - she used the stock "transferred" from FTC to make delivery on 
the sale. 
EFTA00726914
--- PAGE 5 ---
4. On or about March 30, 2008 BS announced its "Merger/Acquisition" by JP 
Morgan Chase ("JPM") whereby BS shareholders would receive .21753 
shares of JPM for each share of BS stock. 
5. IPM is currently selling for $44.12 per share — thus the equivalent of 
100,000 shares of BS (in JPM stock) at this date (9/25/08) would be —
100,000 x .21753 x 44.12 = $959,742. 
6. If GM were to replace the BS stock "borrowed" from FTC, it would cost her 
only $959,742 plus the dividends on BS received by her in the amount of 
$272,000. 
B. Based upon the above facts, FTC has treated the transfer of BS stock as a 
"loan" (carried on its balance sheet as such) while GM has treated same as 
"ownership". A discussion of the tax issues follows. 
C. If we preserve the treatment as a securities loan to GM-
1. GM must return JPM stock and BS dividends — will cost her about $1.3 
million; (to purchase JPM stock and repay the BS dividends). 
2. Must amend 07/06 GM returns for improper reporting of dividends as 
income. 
3. Will have to treat GM sale of BS stock as a short sale with resulting short-
term gain of about $2.2 million and an interest deduction for the returned 
dividends of $272,000. 
4. FTC will report the dividends received as income — which will flow-through 
to JEE ® 10% (after EDC adjustment). 
5. If FTC then sells the JPM stock, it will have a long-term capital loss of about 
$9 million which will "flow thni" to JEE at 10% (after EDC adjustment). 
D. If we treat the transfer as a gift on 10/24/05 — 
I. FTC constructively distributed the BS stock to JEE. 
2. JEE gifted it to GM. 
EFTA00726915
--- PAGE 6 ---
3. FTC will realize gain equal to the appreciation ($10,450,000 less 
$10,106,250 = $343,750) — treated as long-term capital gain requiring 
amended returns for FTC and JEE — the flow through to JEE would be 10% 
thereof to reflect EDC benefit. 
4. JEE's historical position of gifts to GM being made "in contemplation of 
marriage" would negate the need for him to file an amended gift tax return. 
5. GM's income tax returns for 2006 and 2007 would not have to be amended 
because as a donee the BS dividends are hers and thus properly reported. 
6. GM sale of BS stock would produce a long-term capital loss of $6,906,303 
since her basis would be JEE's basis which is $10,106,250 — ($10,106,250 
less $3,199,947 = $6,906,303). 
E. If we treat the transfer of the BS stock on FTC's books as a loan to JEE 
who used it to make a gift to GM at that date. 
1. This would keep the receivable on FTC's books (no amended return 
required). 
2. GM's status as donee and owner would be consistent with her 2006 and 
2007 income tax returns reporting the dividends. 
3. JEE's prior income tax returns are correct and the exclusion of the gift to 
GM is historically consistent. 
4. JEE will have an obligation to replace the BS stock borrowed with JPM 
stock at a current cost of $959,742 plus the dividends of $272,000 on the BS 
stock as in ¶A6, supra. FTC could sell the replaced JPM stock or hold it for 
market recovery. FTC would not have a taxable transaction until it sold the 
JPM Stock. The basis to FTC of the replaced JPM stock would continue to 
be the basis of the original BS stock — i.e. $10,106,250 — thus a "built in" 
loss of about $9 million — long-term, subject to EDC computation — 10%. 
5. GM will have a long-term capital loss of $10,450,000 (proceeds form sale of 
$3,199,947 less market value, as basis, at date of gift of 10,450,000. 
6. However, there are two potential issues in this scenario, to wit: (a) can a 
person make a gift of borrowed property; and (b) if the donee has a loss on 
EFTA00726916
--- PAGE 7 ---
the sale of gifted property, the basis to the donee is the donor's basis; but if 
the gifted property was borrowed by the donor, then he has no basis until he 
replaces it. So what is the basis to the donee — market value? Without 
further consideration, that could be the case. 
The issues need to be resolved on a timely basis especially since FTC will be 
applying shortly for renewal of its EDC status. 
EFTA00726917
--- PAGE 8 ---
Dividend Payout History 
JP Morgan Chase (JPM) 
Date 
Payment 
Jul 1, 2010 
$ 0.05000 
Apr 1, 2010 
$ 0.05000 
Jan 4, 2010 
$ 0.05000 
Oct 2, 2009 
$ 0.05000 
Jul 1, 2009 
$ 0.05000 
Apr 2, 2009 
$ 0.05000 
Jan 2, 2009 
S 0.38000 
Oct 2, 2008 
$ 0.38000 
Jul 1, 2008 
$ 0.38000 
Apr 2. 2008 
$ 0.38000 
Jan 2, 2008 
$ 0.38000 
Oct 3, 2007 
$ 0.38000 
Jul 3, 2007 
$ 0.38000 
Apr 3, 2007 
$ 0.34000 
Jan 3, 2007 
$ 0.34000 
Oct 4, 2006 
$ 0.34000 
Jul 3, 2006 
$ 0.34000 
Apr 4, 2006 
$ 0.34000 
Jan 4, 2006 
$ 0.34000 
Oct 4 2005 
$ 0.34000 
Jul 1, 2005 
$ 0.34000 
Apr 4, 2005 
$ 0.34000 
Jan 4, 2005 
$ 0.34000 
Oct 4, 2004 
$ 0.34000 
Jul 1, 2004 
$ 0.34000 
X.05 = 
0.30 
X.38 = 
2.66 
X .34 = 2.04 
5.00  per share 
EFTA00726918

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726919.pdf
----------------------------------------
MORRIS, NICHOLS, ARSHT & TUNNEL". LLP 
WILMINGTON, DELAWARE 19899-1347 
FAX 
OVERVIEW OF 
DELAWARE STATUTORY TRUSTS 
By: Thomas R. Pulsifer, Esq. and Todd A. Flubacher, Esq. 
A. 
Overview of Delaware Statutory Trusts 
A Delaware statutory trust is an unincorporated association formed pursuant to a 
trust agreement. To obtain the benefits of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, 12 Del. Q §§ 3801 
et seq. (the "Trust Act"), a statutory trust files a short-form certificate of trust with the Delaware 
Secretary of State. Upon such filing, the statutory trust constitutes a separate legal entity. The 
equity owners of a statutory trust are referred to as beneficial owners. Generally, the rights and 
obligations of beneficial owners, as well as issues of governance, voting and control, are as 
defined in the applicable trust agreement. A beneficial owner's property interest in a statutory 
trust, like shares in a corporation, constitutes personal property, and a beneficial owner has no 
interest in specific statutory trust property. Beneficial owners are generally entitled to the same 
limitations on personal liability as that extended to stockholders of Delaware corporations. 
Further, trustees have no liability to third parties for obligations of a statutory trust. A Delaware 
statutory trust may be organized to carry on any lawful business or activity, whether or not 
conducted for profit and whether active or custodial. Delaware statutory trusts are not subject to 
the Delaware corporate franchise tax, and there is no annual filing fee applicable to Delaware 
statutory trusts. 
Typically, a statutory trust is managed by one or more trustees for the benefit of 
one or more beneficial owners. The Trust Act requires at least one trustee, generally a bank or 
trust company, who is resident in the State of Delaware. Alternatively, management duties may 
be vested in a person other than a trustee, such as a management company, or management may 
be vested in, or made at the direction of, one or more of the beneficial owners. The trustees and 
beneficial owners may have differing powers, and different trustees and beneficial owners may 
have responsibility for different trust assets. Statutory trusts may have officers and employees 
just as would exist in a corporation or other alternative entity form. Also like other alternative 
entity forms, but unlike corporations, there are no mandatory voting requirements for beneficial 
owners (although certain default voting rights exist under the statute, such as the right to approve 
mergers, unless otherwise provided in the statutory trust agreement). To the extent voting rights 
are granted, complete flexibility is provided for establishing voting procedures, proxy rules, 
quorum requirements, record dates or special class rights. 
EFTA00726919
--- PAGE 2 ---
Under the Trust Act, a statutory trust constitutes a separate legal entity. 
Importantly, the Trust Act provides that no creditor of any beneficial owner has the right to 
obtain possession of, or otherwise exercise legal or equitable remedies with respect to, the 
property of the statutory trust. While statutory trusts may carry on any purpose or activity, 
whether or not for profit, they are typically used for the organization of mutual funds, as 
investment vehicles, as collateral retention vehicles, for asset securitization transactions, as real 
estate investment trusts or in connection with the establishment of certain financing subsidiaries 
that issue so called "trust preferred securities" to public beneficial owners for whom "grantor 
trust" tax treatment is important. 
B. 
Taxation of Delaware Statutory Trusts 
For Delaware and federal income tax purposes, under the check-the-box 
regulations, a statutory trust that is a business entity could be classified as a corporation or a 
partnership. While corporations typically pay federal and state income tax at the entity level and 
their stockholders pay a second tax on the receipt of distributions (i.e., double taxation), statutory 
trusts can be structured to be taxed as pass-through entities for both federal and Delaware income 
tax purposes. Generally, pass-through tax treatment should be available for Delaware statutory 
trusts nationwide, subject to limited exceptions. Alternatively, a statutory trust may be designed 
to be taxed as a trust under the Kintner regulations. The Trust Act expressly provides that 
Delaware tax treatment will follow federal tax treatment. 
C. 
Features of a Delaware Statutory Trust 
The dynamic nature of the Trust Act is that, on the one hand, it statutorily 
prescribes certainty as to matters that are uncertain for common law or Massachusetts business 
trusts -- such as limitations on liability of trustees and beneficial owners and the statutory 
shielding of the assets of one "series" of a statutory trust from the liabilities of other series. On 
the other hand, the Trust Act, unlike a complex corporation law, leaves full contractual flexibility 
to establish the management and economic rights of the parties pursuant to the trust agreement. 
Thus, these matters are controlled by the terms of the trust agreement, which can be freely 
amended in accordance with the terms of the agreement, rather than rules established pursuant to 
a corporation law that requires legislative action to change. The Trust Act provides that except 
to the extent addressed by the Trust Act or the applicable governing trust agreement, the trust 
laws of the State of Delaware shall apply. Some of the more significant features of the Trust Act 
are as follows: 
Limitations on Liability to Third Parties. 
Pursuant to the Trust Act, 
beneficial owners enjoy limited liability to the same extent as do shareholders of Delaware 
corporations. Similarly, trustees, officers, managers or employees of a statutory trust are exempt 
from personal liability to third parties for the statutory trust's obligations. 
Fiduciary Duties/Indemnification. The Trust Act specifically provides 
that any duties otherwise owed by a trustee, officer, manager or employee of a statutory trust 
- 2 - 
EFTA00726920
--- PAGE 3 ---
under general principles of law or equity (including fiduciary duties and liabilities relating 
thereto), may be expanded or restricted by the terms of a trust agreement. The Trust Act further 
permits a trust agreement to provide indemnification to trustees or other persons against any and 
all claims and demands whatsoever. 
Accordingly, a trust agreement may provide broad 
protections to trustees, officers, managers and employees in connection with the performance of 
their duties. 
• 
Series. The Trust Act explicitly provides that a trust may be organized 
into separate series of beneficial interests having separate rights and powers with respect to 
specified property or obligations, which series may have separate business purposes or 
investment objectives. Further, subject to compliance with certain minimum requirements, the 
Trust Act creates limitations on liability between series such that, as a matter of statute, the 
liabilities of one series are enforceable against only the assets held by that series, and not against 
other assets held by the trust. This is a protection not afforded at common law. 
• 
Management. The flexibility embodied in the Trust Act carries through to 
the provisions governing the management of the trust. Generally, the trustees manage the trust. 
However, it is possible to structure the trust so that fewer than all of the trustees discharge 
management duties or to provide for management at the direction of the beneficial owners or by 
a manager or management company other than a trustee. Just as separate series of beneficial 
interests may exist, the governing instrument may also provide for separate series of trustees. 
• 
Voting. The Trust Act affords the ability to either grant or withhold voting 
rights for beneficial owners. To the extent voting rights are granted, complete flexibility is 
provided for establishing voting procedures, proxy rules, quorum requirements, record dates and 
special class or series rights. Also, because of the absence of statutory voting requirements, a 
trust agreement can provide for amending the trust agreement, disposing of trust assets, moving 
the domicile of a trust, merging the trust or the taking of any other like actions solely by 
determination of the trustees. 
• 
Access to Fund Records. The Trust Act provides for the contractual 
regulation of beneficial owners' rights to access information and documents of the trust. In this 
regard, trustees are given the freedom under the Trust Act to establish reasonable standards with 
respect to beneficial owners' access to trust books and records, including standards governing 
what information and documents are to be furnished, at what time and location, and at whose 
expense. Trustees are also given the right to keep confidential from beneficial owners, for such a 
period of time as the trustees deem reasonable, any information that the trustees reasonably 
believe to be in the nature of trade secrets or other information the disclosure of which the 
trustees believe in good faith is not in the best interests of the trust or could damage its business. 
• 
Merger. Under Delaware law, a statutory trust may merge or consolidate 
with or into another statutory trust or a corporation or most any other type of business entity, 
whether such other entity is established in Delaware or elsewhere. This feature facilitates the 
movement of mutual funds to or from the state. The trust agreement may establish any 
percentage of beneficial owners to vote on such a merger or provide for no vote by beneficial 
owners. 
- 3 - 
EFTA00726921
--- PAGE 4 ---
Court of Chancery. 
A significant reason why corporations and other 
business entities choose to organize in Delaware is the reputation of the Delaware Court of 
Chancery for the resolution of sophisticated corporate and business issues. Consistent with 
centering business disputes in the Court of Chancery, the Trust Act vests the Court of Chancery 
with jurisdiction over litigation involving statutory trusts, including jurisdiction over any 
disputes relating to rights, duties and liabilities of trustees, internal affairs and questions of 
interpretation of trust agreements. The Delaware Court of Chancery has a national reputation for 
expedited and expert resolution of business disputes. Although most commonly known for its 
corporation law decisions, the court has developed an extensive case law in the area of 
alternative entity law and has the ability to act quickly and effectively in resolving disputes 
because of distinct procedural rules and its relatively narrow jurisdiction. These attributes have 
made access to the Delaware Court of Chancery a significant factor in the determination to 
choose Delaware law to govern a statutory trust. 
D. 
Governance 
With regard to governance issues, in most circumstances it is desirable to include 
in the trust agreement specialized provisions regarding such matters as (i) management of the 
business, (ii) votes required for major decisions (such as transfer of interests, capital 
expenditures, adoption of annual budgets, adoption of medium or long-term strategic plans, the 
appointment of senior officers, sales of assets, amendments to governing documents or mergers 
or other changes in entity form or domicile), (iii) allocations of income and expenses, (iv) 
income distribution policies, (v) restrictions on transfers of beneficial interests, (vi) admission of 
new beneficial owners or the permissibility of withdrawal of existing beneficial owners, (vii) 
obligations of beneficial owners to make supplemental capital contributions, (viii) the delineation 
of the fiduciary duty of trustees or beneficial owners (and entitlement to indemnification and 
advancement of expenses), (ix) events of termination and the manner for distribution of assets on 
termination and (x) mechanisms for settling disagreements among beneficiaries. 
Issues such as the foregoing are most easily dealt with in the contractual setting of 
the trust agreement. When compared to a corporation, it is true that most of these objectives can 
be achieved through the corporate form. However, it is typically more cumbersome to achieve 
these objectives under the framework of a general corporation law. For example, special director 
management or appointment rights may require the establishment of multiple classes of 
stockholders and directors; specialized voting rights usually require a combination of provisions 
in the certificate of incorporation, coupled with a separate shareholder agreement; and 
specialized distribution agreements regarding various amounts or types of income may require 
further division of stock ownership rights. Moreover, there are requirements of the corporation 
law that are not subject to variation in charter provisions or by voting agreement such as 
circumstances in which indemnification may be granted, the extent to which transfers of 
ownership interests may be restricted, the degree to which the liability or fiduciary obligations of 
directors may be altered or limited and the closely related issue of the extent to which a director 
elected by certain stockholders may represent the interest of those stockholders as against the 
interest of the corporation as a whole. 
-4-
EFTA00726922

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726923.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 
LexisNexis®
LEXSTAT 42 U.S.C. 16913 
UNITED STATES CODE SERVICE 
Copyright 
2010 Matthew Bender & Company, Inc. 
a member of the LexisNexis Group (TM) 
All rights reserved. 
••• CURRENT THROUGH PL 111.198, APPROVED 7/2/2010 as 
TITLE 42. THE PUBLIC HEALTH AND WELFARE 
CHAPTER 151. CHILD PROTECTION AND SAFETY 
SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION AND NOTIFICATION 
SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION AND NOTIFICATION 
Go to the United States Code Service Archive Directory 
USCS § 16916 
§ 16916. Periodic in person verification 
A sex offender shall appear in person, allow the jurisdiction to take a current photograph, and verify the information in 
each registry in which that offender is required to be registered not less frequently than--
(1) each year, if the offender is a tier I sex offender; 
(2) every 6 months, if the offender is a tier II sex offender; and 
(3) every 3 months, if the offender is a tier III sex offender. 
HISTORY: 
(July 27, 2006, P.L. 109-248, Title I, Subtitle A, § 116, 120 Stat. 595.) 
NOTES: 
Research Guide: 
Annotations: 
Validity, Construction, and Application of Federal Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 
US.CA. §§ 16901 et seq. [42 USCS§§ 16901 et seq.], its Enforcement Provision, 18 US.C.A § 2250 [18 USCS§ 
2250], and Associated Regulations. 30 ALR Fed 2d 213. 
Interpretive Notes and Decisions: 
Defendant's ex post facto challenge to registration requirements of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act 
(SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., lacked merit because statute was civil in nature; individual provisions of 
SORNA, except for 18 USCS § 2250, were devoted to procedural issues; although SORNA required sex offenders to 
provide detailed personal information and appear in person so that jurisdiction could take current photograph and verify 
their information, 42 USCS §§ 16914, 16916, there was insufficient evidence to transform SORNA from civil scheme 
into criminal penalty. United States v Mason (2007, MD Fla) 510 F Supp 2d 923 (criticized in United States v Mario 
(2007, ED Mo) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 54330) and (criticized in United States v Cole (2007, SD 111) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 
EFTA00726923
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
USCS § 16916 
68522) and (criticized in United States v Gill (2007, DC Utah) 520 F Supp 2d 1341) and (criticized in United States v 
Manila (2007, WD La) 2007 US Dist LEM 96018) and (criticized in United States v Howell (2008, ND Iowa) 2008 US 
Dist LENS 7810). 
EFTA00726924

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726925.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 
LexisNexis®
LEXSTAT 42 U.S.C. 16913 
UNITED STATES CODE SERVICE 
Copyright O 2010 Matthew Bender & Company, Inc. 
a member of the LexisNexis Group (TM) 
All rights reserved. 
••• CURRENT THROUGH PL 1 I 1-198, APPROVED 7/2/2010 as 
TITLE 42. THE PUBLIC HEALTH AND WELFARE 
CHAPTER 151. CHILD PROTECTION AND SAFETY 
SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION AND NOTIFICATION 
SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION AND NOTIFICATION 
Go to the United States Code Service Archive Directory 
USCS § 16914 
§ 16914. Information required in registration 
(a) Provided by the offender. The sex offender shall provide the following information to the appropriate official for 
inclusion in the sex offender registry: 
(I) The name of the sex offender (including any alias used by the individual). 
(2) The Social Security number of the sex offender. 
(3) The address of each residence at which the sex offender resides or will reside. 
(4) The name and address of any place where the sex offender is an employee or will be an employee. 
(5) The name and address of any place where the sex offender is a student or will be a student. 
(6) The license plate number and a description of any vehicle owned or operated by the sex offender. 
(7) Any other information required by the Attorney General. 
(b) Provided by the jurisdiction. The jurisdiction in which the sex offender registers shall ensure that the following 
information is included in the registry for that sex offender: 
(I) A physical description of the sex offender. 
(2) The text of the provision of law defining the criminal offense for which the sex offender is registered. 
(3) The criminal history of the sex offender, including the date of all arrests and convictions; the status of parole, 
probation, or supervised release; registration status; and the existence of any outstanding arrest warrants for the sex 
offender. 
(4) A current photograph of the sex offender. 
(5) A set of fingerprints and palm prints of the sex offender. 
(6) A DNA sample of the sex offender. 
(7) A photocopy of a valid driver's license or identification card issued to the sex offender by a jurisdiction. 
(8) Any other information required by the Attorney General. 
HISTORY: 
(July 27, 2006, P.L. 109-248, Title I, Subtitle A, § 114, 120 Stat. 594.) 
NOTES: 
Research Guide: 
EFTA00726925
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
USCS § 16914 
Annotations: 
Validity, Construction, and Application of Federal Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 
US.CA. §§ 16901 et seq. [42 USCS§§ 16901 et seq.], its Enforcement Provision, 18 U.S.C.A § 2250 [18 USCS§ 
2250], and Associated Regulations. 30 ALR Fed 2d 213. 
Interpretive Notes and Decisions: 
Defendants ex post facto challenge to registration requirements of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act 
(SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., lacked merit because statute was civil in nature; individual provisions of 
SORNA, except for 18 USCS § 2250, were devoted to procedural issues; although SORNA required sex offenders to 
provide detailed personal information and appear in person so that jurisdiction could take current photograph and verify 
their information, 42 USCS §§ 16914, 16916, there was insufficient evidence to transform SORNA from civil scheme 
into criminal penalty. United States v Mason (2007, MD Fla) 510 F Supp 2d 923 (criticized in United States v Muzio 
(2007, ED Mo) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 54330) and (criticized in United States v Cole (2007, SD 111) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 
68522) and (criticized in United States v Gill (2007, DC Utah) 520 F Supp 2d 1341) and (criticized in United States v 
Mantia (2007, WD La) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 96018) and (criticized in United States v Howell (2008, ND Iowa) 2008 US 
Dist LEXIS 7810). 
EFTA00726926

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726927.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726927.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 
LexisNexis®
LEXSTAT 42 U.S.C. 16913 
UNITED STATES CODE SERVICE 
Copyright ID 2010 Matthew Bender & Company, Inc. 
a member of the LexisNexis Group (TM) 
All rights reserved. 
••• CURRENT THROUGH PL 111.198, APPROVED 7/2/2010 ■•■ 
TITLE 42. THE PUBLIC HEALTH AND WELFARE 
CHAPTER 151. CHILD PROTECTION AND SAFETY 
SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION AND NOTIFICATION 
SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION AND NOTIFICATION 
Go to the United States Code Service Archive Directory 
USCS § 16915 
§ 16915. 
Duration of registration requirement 
(a) Full registration period. A sex offender shall keep the registration current for the full registration period (excluding 
any time the sex offender is in custody or civilly committed) unless the offender is allowed a reduction under subsection 
(b). The full registration period is--
(1) 15 years, if the offender is a tier I sex offender; 
(2) 25 years, if the offender is a tier II sex offender; and 
(3) the life of the offender, if the offender is a tier III sex offender. 
(b) Reduced period for clean record. 
(I) Clean record. The full registration period shall be reduced as described in paragraph (3) for a sex offender who 
maintains a clean record for the period described in paragraph (2) by--
(A) not being convicted of any offense for which imprisonment for more than I year may be imposed; 
(B) not being convicted of any sex offense; 
(C) successfully completing any periods of supervised release, probation, and parole; and 
(D) successfully completing of an appropriate sex offender treatment program certified by a jurisdiction or by 
the Attorney General. 
(2) Period. In the case of--
(A) a tier I sex offender, the period during which the clean record shall be maintained is 10 years; and 
(B) a tier III sex offender adjudicated delinquent for the offense which required registration in a sex registry 
under this title, the period during which the clean record shall be maintained is 25 years. 
(3) Reduction. In the case of--
(A) a tier I sex offender, the reduction is 5 years; 
(B) a tier III sex offender adjudicated delinquent, the reduction is from life to that period for which the clean 
record under paragraph (2) is maintained. 
HISTORY: 
(July 27, 2006, P.L. 109-248, Title I, Subtitle A, § 115, 120 Stat. 595.) 
HISTORY; ANCILLARY LAWS AND DIRECTIVES 
EFTA00726927
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
USCS § 16915 
References in text: 
"This title", referred to in this section, is Title I of Act July 27, 2006, P.L. 109-248, which appears generally as 42 
USCS§§ 16901 et seq. For full classification of such Title, consult USCS Tables volumes. 
EFTA00726928

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726929.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726929.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 
LexisNexis®
LEXSTAT 42 U.S.C. 16913 
UNITED STATES CODE SERVICE 
Copyright O 2010 Matthew Bender & Company, Inc. 
a member of the LexisNexis Group (TM) 
All rights reserved. 
••• CURRENT THROUGH PL 111.198, APPROVED 7/2/2010 ■•■ 
TITLE 42. THE PUBLIC HEALTH AND WELFARE 
CHAPTER 151. CHILD PROTECTION AND SAFETY 
SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION AND NOTIFICATION 
SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION AND NOTIFICATION 
Go to the United States Code Service Archive Directory 
USCS § 16915a 
16915a. Direction to the Attorney General 
(a) Requirement that sex offenders provide certain internet related information to sex offender registries. The Attorney 
General, using the authority provided in section 114(a)(7) of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act [42 
USCSS 16914(a)(7)], shall require that each sex offender provide to the sex offender registry those Internet identifiers 
the sex offender uses or will use of any type that the Attorney General determines to be appropriate under that Act. 
These records of Internet identifiers shall be subject to the Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a) to the same extent as the other 
records in the National Sex Offender Registry. 
(b) Timeliness of reporting of information. The Attorney General, using the authority provided in section 112(b) of 
the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act [42 USCS§ 16912(b)], shall specify the time and manner for 
keeping current information required to be provided under this section. 
(c) Nondisclosure to general public. The Attorney General, using the authority provided in section I I 8(b)(4) of the 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act [42 USCS § 16918(6)(4)], shall exempt from disclosure all information 
provided by a sex offender under subsection (a). 
(d) Notice to sex offenders of new requirements. The Attorney General shall ensure that procedures are in place to 
notify each sex offender of changes in requirements that apply to that sex offender as a result of the implementation of 
this section. 
(e) Definitions. 
(I) Of "social networking website". As used in this Act, the term "social networking website"--
(A) means an Internet website--
(i) that allows users, through the creation of web pages or profiles or by other means, to provide information 
about themselves that is available to the public or to other users; and 
(ii) that offers a mechanism for communication with other users where such users are likely to include a 
substantial number of minors; and 
(iii) whose primary purpose is to facilitate online social interactions; and 
(B) includes any contractors or agents used by the website to act on behalf of the website in carrying out the 
purposes of this Act. 
EFTA00726929
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
USCS § 16915a 
(2) Of "internet identifiers". As used in this Act, the term "Internet identifiers" means electronic mail addresses and 
other designations used for self-identification or routing in Internet communication or posting. 
(3) Other terms. A term defined for the purposes of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act has the same 
meaning in this Act. 
HISTORY: 
(Oct. 13, 2008, P.L. 110.400, § 2, 122 Stat. 4224.) 
HISTORY; ANCILLARY LAWS AND DIRECTIVES 
References in text: 
"This Act", referred to in this section, is Act Oct. 13, 2008, P.L. 110-400, popularly known as the KIDS act of 2008. 
For MI classification of such Act, consult USCS Tables volumes. 
The "Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act", referred to in this section is Act July 27, 2006, P.L. 109-248, 
which appears generally as 42 USCS§§ 16901 et seq. For full classification of such Act, consult USCS Tables volumes. 
Explanatory notes: 
This section was enacted as part of Act Oct. 13, 2008, P.L. 110-400, and not as part of Act July 27, 2006, P.L. 
109-248, which generally comprises this section. 
EFTA00726930

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726931.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726931.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 
LexisNexis®
LEXSTAT 18 U.S.C. 2250 
UNITED STATES CODE SERVICE 
Copyright ID 2010 Matthew Bender & Company, Inc. 
a member of the LexisNexis Group (TM) 
All rights reserved. 
••• CURRENT THROUGH PL I 1 1-198, APPROVED 7/2/2010 ■•■ 
TITLE 18. CRIMES AND CRIMINAL PROCEDURE 
PART I. CRIMES 
CHAPTER 109B. SEX OFFENDER AND CRIMES AGAINST CHILDREN REGISTRY 
Go to the United States Code Service Archive Directory 
USCS5 2250 
§ 2250. 
Failure to register 
(a) In general. Whoever--
(I) is required to register under the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act; 
(2) 
(A) is a sex offender as defined for the purposes of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act by reason 
of a conviction under Federal law (including the Uniform Code of Military Justice [10 USCS 55 801 et seq.]), the law of 
the District of Columbia, Indian tribal law, or the law of any territory or possession of the United States; or 
(B) travels in interstate or foreign commerce, or enters or leaves, or resides in, Indian country; and 
(3) knowingly fails to register or update a registration as required by the Sex Offender Registration and Notification 
Act; 
shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. 
(b) Affirmative defense. 
In a prosecution for a violation under subsection (a), it is an affirmative defense that--
(1) uncontrollable circumstances prevented the individual from complying; 
(2) the individual did not contribute to the creation of such circumstances in reckless disregard of the requirement to 
comply; and 
(3) the individual complied as soon as such circumstances ceased to exist. 
(c) Crime of violence. 
(I) In general. An individual described in subsection (a) who commits a crime of violence under Federal law 
(including the Uniform Code of Military Justice [10 USCS 55 801 et seq.]), the law of the District of Columbia, Indian 
tribal law, or the law of any territory or possession of the United States shall be imprisoned for not less than 5 years and 
not more than 30 years. 
(2) Additional punishment. The punishment provided in paragraph (I) shall be in addition and consecutive to the 
punishment provided for the violation described in subsection (a). 
HISTORY: 
(Added July 27, 2006, P.L. 109-248, Title I, Subtitle B, § 14 1(aX I ), 120 Stat. 602.) 
HISTORY; ANCILLARY LAWS AND DIRECTIVES 
EFTA00726931
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
USCS § 2250 
References in text: 
The "Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act", referred to in subset. (a), is Title I of Act July 27, 2006, P.L. 
109-248. For fill classification of such Act, consult USCS Tables volumes. 
NOTES: 
Related Statutes & Rules: 
Sentencing Guidelines for the United States Courts, 18 USCS Appx §§ 243.5, 243.6. 
This section is referred to in 8 USCS § 1227; 18 USCS§§ 1001,3142; 42 USCS § 16991. 
Research Guide: 
Am Jur: 
8A Am fur 2d, Bail and Recognizance § 57. 
Immigration: 
Immigration Law and Procedure (rev. ed.), ch 2, The Development of the Immigration Laws § 2.04. 
Annotations: 
Validity, Construction, and Application of Federal Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 
US.CA. §§ 16901 et seq. [42 USCS§§ 16901 et seq.], its Enforcement Provision, 18 US.CA § 2250 [18 USCS§ 
2250], and Associated Regulations. 30 ALR Fed 2d 213. 
Validity, Construction, and Application of State Statutes Imposing Criminal Penalties for Failure to Register as 
Required Under Sex Offender or Other Criminal Registration Statutes. 33 ALR6th 91. 
Law Review Articles: 
Logan. Parole and Probation: Sex Offender Registration and Community Notification: Past, Present, and Future. 
NE Jon Crim & Civ Con 3, Winter 2008. 
Interpretive Notes and Decisions: 
.1. US Supreme Court Alert I. Generally 2. Constitutionality 3. Indictment 5. Miscellaneous 
.1. US Supreme Court Alert 
US Supreme Court Case Alert--On September 30, 2009, Court granted petition for writ of certiorari to Seventh 
Circuit on question of whether, under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) provision (18 USCS § 
2250(a)), which imposed criminal penalties of up to 10 years of imprisonment on anyone who was required to register, 
traveled in interstate or foreign commerce, and knowingly failed to register or update registration--where U.S. Attorney 
General (through provision codified at 28 CFR § 72.3) assertedly had applied SORNA's registration requirements 
retroactively to persons who were convicted before date when then President had signed SORNA into law--(1) person 
whose underlying offense and travel in interstate commerce both allegedly predated SORNA's enactment could properly 
be criminally prosecuted under § 2250(a) for failure to register; and (2) Federal Constitution's Art. 1, 5 9, cL 3 
EFTA00726932
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
USCS § 2250 
prohibition against ex post facto laws precluded prosecution under § 2250(a) of such person. United States v Dixon 
(2008, CA7 Ind) 551 F3d 578, cert gr (US) 174 L Ed 2d 631. 
1. Generally 
In case in which defendant was convicted of violating 18 USCS § 2250 and there was no applicable U.S. 
Sentencing Guideline for that offense, district court committed plain error by not deferring to U.S. Sentencing 
Commission (Commission); evidence of Commission's policies and goals was publicly available to district court in 
form of proposed Guideline, now USSG § 2A3.5, and it was undisputed that defendant's sentencing range under § 
2A3.5, would be significantly less than 60 month sentence imposed by district court. United States v Sanchez. (2008, 
CA5 La) 527 F3d 463. 
Because defendant's indictment under 18 USCS§ 2250 concerned his failure to register as sex offender during gap 
period between enactment of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act and Attorney General's retroactivity 
determination under 42 USCS § 16913(d), defendant could not be prosecuted for violating Act. United States v Madera 
(2008, Cl!! Fla) 528 F3d 852, 21 FLW Fed C 745. 
Defendant, who was convicted of sex offense before enactment of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act 
(SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901-16991, was properly charged under 18 USCS § 2250(a) with failing to register as sex 
offender as required by SORNA; 42 USCS § 16913(b) and (d) concerned only initial registration and did not apply to 
defendant, so it was not necessary for U.S. Attorney General to have designated SORNA's applicability to past 
offenders in order for defendant to be subject to 18 USCS § 2250(a). United States v May (2008, CA8 Iowa) 535 F3d 
912. 
Defendant was improperly convicted pursuant to 18 USCS § 2250(a)(2)(B), part of Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), for failure to register after traveling in interstate commerce because his interstate travel-an 
unreported move from Oklahoma to Missouri-was completed prior to July 27, 2007, SORNA's effective date, and 
statute's plain language made it clear that it operated prospectively only; U.S. Congress's use of present tense form of 
verb "to travel" indicated, pursuant to 1 USCS§ 1, that SORNA's coverage was limited to those individuals who 
travelled in interstate commerce after SORNA's effective date. United States v Hosted (2008, CAI0 Okla) 545 F3d 
1240. 
Based on Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's plain language, 18 USCS§ 2250(a)(2)(B) does not apply 
to individual whose interstate travel was completed before July 27, 2006. United States v Hunted (2008, CA10 Okla) 
545 F3d 1240. 
Defendant's 18 USCS § 2250 conviction for failing to register pursuant to Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act was proper because, after interpreting 42 USCS § 16913(d), court determined that sex offenders who 
failed to register during "gap period" between Act's enactment and U.S. Attorney General's Interim Rule violated 
registration requirements of § 16913(a). United States v Hinckley (2008, CA10 Okla) 550 F3d 926. 
USCS § 2250 does not require that defendant's travel in interstate commerce postdate Act, any more than it 
requires that conviction of sex offense that triggers registration requirement postdate it; language of § 2250(a)(2XB) is 
designed to establish constitutional predicate for statute rather than to create temporal requirement. United States v 
Dixon (2008, CA7 Ind) 551 F3d 578. 
USCS§ 2250(a) unambiguously applied to defendant, who had obligation to register as sex offender beginning 
on February 28, 2007--date that United States Attorney General enacted 28 CFR § 72.3 and therein determined that Sex 
Offender Registration and Notification Act's registration requirements applied to all offenders, like defendant, who were 
convicted before July 27, 2006--and travelled in interstate commerce, from Florida to California and back, on July 9-11, 
2007, which was well after effective date of statute. United States v Ambert (2009, CA11 Fla) 561 F3d 1202, 21 FLW 
Fed C 1596. 
District court properly denied defendant's motion to dismiss indictment charging him under 18 USCS§ 2250 for 
failing to register as sex offender under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS§ 16913, 
because defendant had received notice of state law registration requirements under Cal. Penal Code § 290(b) (2009); 
defendant cited no authority for his argument that lack of 42 USCS § 16917 notice was defense to prosecution under 18 
USCS§ 2250(a); and there was no reason to believe that SORNA notice provision was intended to dilute effect of state 
notice requirements, given stated congressional intent in 42 USCS § 16901 to protect public by establishing 
comprehensive national system for registration of sex offenders. United States v Baccam (2009, CA8 Ark) 562 F3d 
EFTA00726933
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
USCS § 2250 
1197. 
District court did not abuse its discretion in concluding that non-binding decision from another court did not 
constitute fair and just reason under Fed. R. Crim. P. 11(d)(2)(B) for defendant to withdraw his guilty plea to single 
count of failure to register as sexual offender in violation of 18 USCS § 2250(a), enforcement provision of Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act; decision was not intervening circumstance of sufficient weight to constitute fair and 
just reason entitling defendant to withdraw his plea. United States v Ensminger (2009, CA9 Mont) 567 F3d 587. 
Because Maryland had pre-Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., 
and 18 USCS § 2250, program under which defendant could register and indeed was required to register, defendant 
could not claim that there was no place to register simply because Maryland had not implemented enhanced standards 
of SORNA; thus, under plain reading of SORNA, defendant's failure to register in Maryland was federal crime under 18 
USCS§ 2250(a), subject to federal punishment--result consistent with SORNA's purpose of strengthening and 
increasing effectiveness of sex offender registration laws. United States v Gould (2009, CA4 Md) 568 F3d 459. 
Having been charged with being federally convicted sexual offender who had engaged in interstate travel, and 
having pleaded guilty to that offense, defendant could not later delete interstate travel facts from his case; those facts 
were part of his conduct as charged in indictment for his violation of 18 USCS§ 2250 to which he pleaded guilty. 
United States v George (2009, CA9 Wash) 579 F3d 962. 
Violation of sex offender registration requirement of 42 USCS § 16913 as prohibited in 18 USCS § 2250, is 
continuing offense. United States v George (2009, CA9 Wash) 579 F3d 962. 
Because Sexual Offenders Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), explicitly required Attorney General (A.G.) 
to specify applicability of Act to persons convicted prior to effective date of SORNA, and because A. G. did not 
promulgate regulation making that determination in compliance with Administrative Procedure Act, defendant was not 
subject to SORNA's requirements during period indicated in indictment and his motion to dismiss indictment should 
have been granted. United States v Cain (2009, CA6 Ohio) 583 F3d 408, 2009 FED App 361P. 
Because Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act was applied retroactively to sex offenders, and it was 
undisputed that Alabama maintained sex offender registry during relevant time period which required sex offenders to 
register and provide updated information upon changing residences, defendant's failure to register caused his conviction 
to be affirmed. United States v Brown (2009, CAll Ala) 586 F3d 1342, 22 FLW Fed C 264. 
Defendant admitted that he knew he was required to register in Alabama upon moving but did not register, which 
was sufficient to violate 18 USCS§ 2250(a); defendant cited no authority for proposition that lack of notice by federal 
government of his Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., obligations was element 
of, or defense to, prosecution under 18 USCS § 2250(a). United States v Gnffey (2009, C411 Ala) 589 F3d 1363, 22 
FLW Fed C 328. 
When Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act was enacted, every State had registration requirements for 
sex offenders; these circumstances do not permit court to conclude that defendant's due process rights, based on lack of 
notice, were violated when he is charged with failing to register under 18 USCS § 2250(a). United States v Shenandoah 
(2010, CA3 Pa) 595 F3d 151. 
Defendant's above-range sentence of 48 months incarceration with 30-year term of supervised release for failing to 
register as sex offender in violation of 18 USCS§ 2250 was reasonable where his lengthy criminal history, his offenses, 
and his repeated failure to register made him danger to society who posed high risk of recidivism; he was sentenced him 
in accordance with Tier III sex-offender provision of USSG § 2A3.5(a)(1) as he met criteria of Tier III sex-offender laid 
out in 42 USES § 16911(4). United States v Lowry (2010, CA8 Ark) 595 F3d 861 
Because court interpreted Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, as requiring sex offender to appear in 
person to update his registration information within three days of vacating his fixed residential address with no intention 
of returning, it concluded that defendant violated 18 USCS§ 2250(a). United States v Van Buren (2010, CA2 NY) 599 
F3d 170. 
Charges that defendants had violated 18 USCS§ 2250 by failing to update their sex-offender registrations had to be 
dismissed because defendants were under no obligation to register, pursuant to 42 USCS § 16913, part of Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), at time of their indictments in November and December of 2006; § 
16913(d) requires U.S. Attorney General to animate SORNA's provisions to previously convicted offenders, and 
Attorney General did not issue rule stating that SORNA applied retrospectively until after defendants were indicted. 
EFTA00726934
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
USCS § 2250 
United States v Kapp (2007, MD Pa) 487 F Supp 2d 536 (criticized in United States v Beasley (2007, ND Ga) 2007 US 
Dist LEXIS 85793). 
Plain reading of general venue statute suggests that failing to register under Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act, Pub. L. 109-248, §§ 1-155, 120 Stat. 587, 590-611 (2006), is continuing offense since it involves 
element of interstate or foreign travel; accordingly, it would be proper to prosecute violation of 18 USCS§ 2250 in any 
district through which defendant has moved. United States v Hinen (2007, WD Va) 487 F Stipp 2d 747 (criticized in 
United States v Barnes (2007, SD NY) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 53245) and (criticized in United States v Muzio (2007, ED 
Mo) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 54330) and (criticized in United States v Cole (2007, SD Ill) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 68522) and 
(criticized in United States v Deese (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 70677) and (criticized in United States v Gill 
(2007, DC Utah) 520 FSupp 2d 1341) and (criticized in United States v Howell (2007, ND Iowa) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 
83224) and (criticized in United States v Mantia (2007, WD La) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 96018) and (criticized in United 
States v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 F Supp 2d 538) and (criticized in United States v Howell (2008, ND Iowa) 2008 US 
Dist LEXIS 7810). 
Registry system was intended as nationwide public safety system, 42 USCS § 16901, and previous offenders may 
be convicted for failing to register under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 
et seq., does not increase punishment for their prior offenses--indeed, only upon offender's failure to register under 
SORNA, new offense, do enhanced penalties apply, 18 USCS § 2250(a); accordingly, SORNA does not violate Ex Post 
Facto Clause. United States v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 FSupp 2d 538 (criticized in United States v Howell (2008, ND 
Iowa) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 7810). 
Defendant's indictment for violating Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), filed on November 
24, 2006, was dismissed because SORNA did not apply to him. Congress assigned retroactivity question of SORNA to 
Attorney General, and Attorney General did not promulgate any regulations regarding retroactivity until February 2007. 
United States v Smith (2007, SD W Va) 528 F Supp 2d 615 (criticized in United States v Marcantonio (2007, WD Ark) 
2007 US Dist LEXIS 55645) and (criticized in United States v Beasley (2007, ND Ga) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 85793). 
State's failure to implement Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) had no bearing on 
defendant's free-standing duty under 42 USCS § 16913(a) and 18 USCS § 2250 to register, and keep registration current 
in each jurisdiction where he resided United States v Crum (2008, WD Wash) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 83563 (criticized in 
United States v Myers (2008, SD Fla) 591 F Supp 2d 1312, 21 FLW Fed D 473). 
Defendant, as convicted sex offender, was well aware of his duty to update his registration in New York for 10 
years; thus, when he moved to Kentucky and failed to register or update his registration, his prior knowledge of duty to 
register under state law qualified as effective notice under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA); 
his notice of his registration requirements under New York law was sufficient to support charge that he knowingly 
violated SORNA, specifically 18 USCS § 2250(a). United States v Samuels (2008, ED Ky) 543 FSupp 2d 669 
(criticized in United States v Howell (2008, ND Iowa) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 7810). 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) clearly defines what conduct is proscribed by 18 USCS § 
2250(a), and Attorney General's interim rule, 28 CFR § 72 (2007), determining its retroactivity to certain offenders 
convicted before SORNA's enactment, is not unlawful delegation of Congressional authority. United States v Samuels 
(2008, ED Ky) 543 F Supp 2d 669 (criticized in United States v Howell (2008, ND Iowa) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 7810). 
Under plain wording of 18 USCS § 2250, in order for violation to occur, both travel and failing to register have to 
occur after effective date of statute. United States v Gillette (2008, DC Vi) 553 F Supp 2d 524. 
In case in which defendant was arrested for violating 18 USCS § 2250(a), Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act, but there was no evidence that he moved through present federal district after leaving Mexico but 
before ultimately residing in Florida, venue was not proper in present federal district. United States v Natividad-Garcia 
(2008, WD Ter) 560 FSupp 2d 561. 
Indictment charging defendant with violating 18 USCS § 2250 by failing to register and update his registration as 
sex offender under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., was sufficient under 
Fed. R. Crim. P. 7, as each element of crime was sufficiently pled and defendant was apprised of essential facts 
necessary to enable him to prepare his defense against offense charged. United States v Torres (2008, WD Ter) 573 F 
Sapp 2d 925. 
USCS § 2250(a) applied to any person who was required to register under Sex Offender Registration and 
EFTA00726935
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
USCS § 2250 
Notification Act (SORNA) and SORNA applied to person who was "sex offender," which is defined as individual who 
was convicted of sex offense; by virtue of his conviction of second degree sexual assault, defendant fit within statutory 
definition of sex offender, and straightforward reading of language of 42 USCS§ I6913(a) suggested that, since he was 
required to register in Rhode Island and Maine, jurisdictions where he was residing, he was also required by SORNA to 
do so; therefore, by failing to so register, indictment properly alleged that defendant violated SORNA; thus, court 
rejected defendant's allegation that indictment was defective since it failed to allege that either state of Maine or state of 
Rhode Island implemented SORNA. United States v Stevens (2008, DC Me) 578 FSupp 2d 172. 
USCS § 16913 and 18 USCS § 2250 should be treated as interrelated components of larger whole of Sex 
Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) sufficient to overcome any deficiencies when viewing 42 USCS § 
16913 in isolation; when considering SORNA as whole, it is abundantly clear that SORNA does not punish sex 
offenders for intrastate failure to register; person who has never traveled outside his birth state can never be federal 
felon under SORNA; federal government gains criminal jurisdiction only when person required to register under 
SORNA travels in interstate commerce. United States v Pena (2008, WD Tex) 582 FSupp 2d 851 (criticized in United 
States v Myers (2008, SD FM) 21 FLW Fed D 473). 
As set forth in 18 USCS§ 2250(a), term "knowingly" means knowledge that one must register as sex offender and 
knowledge that one did not register as such, but not knowledge that one must register under Sex Offender Registration 
and Notification Act. United States v Torres (2008, WD Tex) 599 F Supp 2d 767. 
Defendant "knowingly" failed to register or update his registration under Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA) because he signed form acknowledging that he knew that he must register and update his 
registration and then failed to do so; actus reus consisted of failing to register and update, and defendant did so knowing 
that he was required to register and update; knowledge of SORNA's requirements was not act, and nothing else on face 
of statute—such as use of term "willingly"--indicated that Congress intended to depart from requirements of general 
intent crime. United States v Torres (2008, WD Tex) 599 F Supp 2d 767. 
To degree that Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) merely confers federal jurisdiction on 
otherwise illegal conduct, SORNA does not require that defendant know that conduct is illegal under SORNA. United 
States v Torres (2008, WD Ter) 599 F Supp 2d 767. 
Defendant, who was convicted of sex offense under Uniform Code of Military Justice, was sex offender who was 
required to register under 42 USCS § 16511(5) in all jurisdictions where he lived or was employee, and was required to 
keep his registration current under 42 USCS§ 16913(b)-(d); because defendant signed form acknowledging that he 
knew that he must register and update his registration and did not do so, he knowingly failed to register or update his 
registration; thus, defendant was guilty of violating SORNA's criminal provision, 18 USCS§ 2250, beyond reasonable 
doubt. United States v Torres (2008, WD Ter) 599 F Supp 2d 767. 
Defendant's argument that Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) did not apply in particular 
state until that state had passed implementing legislation was rejected; court also rejected defendant's argument that he 
could not be prosecuted for violating 18 USCS§ 2250(a) because he was not obligated to register until informed of 
obligation by Attorney General United States v Hernandez (2009, ED Mich) 615 F Supp 2d 601. 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act does not violate non-delegation doctrine. United States v Barner 
(2009, ND NY) 635 FSupp 2d 138. 
In case in which defendant had been indicted on one count of failure to register or update his registration as sex 
offender as required by Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), in violation of 18 USCS§ 2250(a), 
he unsuccessfully moved to dismiss indictment by arguing that government was required to provide him with actual 
notice of SORNA's registration requirement before prosecuting him for knowingly failing to register; defendant's due 
process rights had not been violated because he had signed sex offender notifications in both Mississippi and Iowa, and 
his signatures on those registration notifications were sufficient evidence that he was made aware of his legal duty to 
register. United States v Johnson (2009, SD Miss) 652 FSupp 2d 720. 
Unpublished Opinions 
Unpublished: Defendant was not subject to Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's (SORNA) criminal 
sanctions during period alleged in indictment because (I) SORNA did not apply to defendant unless United States 
Attorney General promulgated valid regulation that subjected defendant to SORNA's registration requirements during 
period covered by his indictment; (2) defendant's indictment charged failure to register from October 26, 2006, through 
EFTA00726936
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 7 
USCS § 2250 
March 20, 2007; and (3) in prior action, court held that Attorney General's regulation was not effective against 
defendant because his indictment covered period ending on March 28, 2007, less than thirty days after promulgation of 
regulation, and month before close of comment period. United States v Doshak (2009, CA6 Ohio) 2009 FED App 
835N. 
Unpublished: Defendant's 15-month sentence for violating 18 USCS § 2250(a) was reasonable; had U.S. Sentencing 
Guidelines Manual § 2A3.5 retroactivity issue been decided in defendant's favor and § 2A3.5 not been applied, district 
court would have had to look to 18 USCS § 3553(a) factors, but district court's 15-month sentence, well below 10-year 
statutory maximum, was not unreasonable. United States v Shim (2008, CA11 Fla) 2008 US App LEXIS 14920. 
Unpublished: Defendant committed violation of 18 USCS § 2250 because he was convicted of sex offense prior to 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), traveled interstate in gap period between SORNA's 
enactment on July 27, 2006, and United States Attorney General's retroactivity determination on February 28, 2007, and 
failed to register as of his arrest on May 9, 2007, which was more than three business days after his obligation to 
register in accordance with 42 USCS 16913(c), which arose following attorney general's ruling. United States v 
Cardenas (2009, CA11 Fla) 2009 US App LEXIS 8389. 
Unpublished: Because a presentence report (PSR) stated an investigation was ongoing as to defendant's prior arrest 
for "corporeal injury to child" where defendant denied bruising his infant son's rear end, but he apologized and asked for 
forgiveness during questioning, the statements in the PSR were sufficiently reliable for the district court to have 
imposed, as condition of supervised release upon his conviction for failure to register as a sex offender, the requirement 
that defendant obtain his probation officer's permission for unsupervised contact with minors. United States v Christian 
(2009, CA5 Ter) 2009 US App LEXIS 19911 
Unpublished: Wyoming's failure to implement Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's requirements may 
have resulted in reduction of federal justice assistance funding, but it was not excuse for defendant's failure to register. 
United States v Kueker (2009, CA10) 2009 US App LEXIS 24100. 
Unpublished: In case in which defendant pled guilty to failing to register as sex offender under Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act, he argued unsuccessfully that district court plainly erred in failing to advise him of 
consequences of his guilty plea by incorrectly stating minimum and maximum terms of supervised release; that claim 
was subject to plain error review, and defendant own conduct in failing to object at sentencing to presentence 
investigation report, which correctly set forth minimum and maximum terms of supervised release, indicated that his 
substantial rights were not affected. United States v Votta (2010, CAll Fla) 2010 US App LEXIS 3238. 
Unpublished: In case in which defendant pled guilty to failing to register as sex offender under Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act, he argued unsuccessfully that 10-year term of supervised release imposed was 
unreasonable because it was greater than necessary; he failed to consider that district court sentenced him to only 6 
months' imprisonment, well below U.S. Sentencing Guidelines range of 15 to 21 months, and he failed to show that his 
within-range sentence of 10 years' supervised release, to follow period of six months' imprisonment, was outside range 
of reasonable sentences under facts of case. United States v Votta (2010, CA11 Fla) 2010 US App LEXIS 3238. 
2. Constitutionality 
Application to defendant of 18 USCS§ 2250(a), which penalized defendant for failing to register as required under 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901.16991, did not violate Ex Post Facto 
Clause; although defendant became sex offender before SORNA was enacted, being sex offender merely identified to 
whom 18 USCS § 2250(a) applied and was not triggering event; statute was not retrospective, as it did not punish 
defendant for previously being convicted of sex crime. United States v May (2008, CA8 Iowa) 535 F3d 912. 
Application to defendant of 18 USCS§ 2250(a), which penalized defendant for failing to register as required under 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS §§ 16901-16991, did not violate defendant's due process 
rights, as there was no basis for applying exception to general rule that "ignorance of law is no excuse"; defendant 
admitted knowing of obligation to register as sex offender under state law. United States v May (2008, CA8 Iowa) 535 
F3d 912. 
Application to defendant of 18 USCS§ 2250(a), which penalized defendant for failing to register as required under 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901-16991, did not violate Commerce 
Clause, as SORNA arose from Congress's authority to regulate persons or things in interstate commerce and use of 
channels of interstate commerce; 18 USCS§ 2250(a)(2)(B) includes express and clear jurisdictional element for 
EFTA00726937
--- PAGE 8 ---
Page 8 
USCS § 2250 
individuals not convicted pursuant to federal jurisdiction. United States v May (2008, CA8 Iowa) 535 F3d 912. 
Defendant's prosecution under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 18 USCS § 2250, did not 
violate Ex Post Facto Clause by retroactively increasing punishment for past offenses; SORNA was both civil in its 
stated intent and nonpunitive in its purpose and therefore it did not violate Ex Post Facto Clause; in enacting SORNA, 
U.S. Congress expressly, pursuant to 42 USCS§ 16901, declared its intent to create comprehensive national system, for 
registration of sex offenders in order to protect public from sex offender and offenders against children, and in response 
to vicious attacks by violent predators; neither that placement of SORNA's failure to register provisions appeared in 
federal criminal code nor that enforcement of SORNA was vested in U.S. Attorney General was enough to overcome 
that clearly stated Congressional intent. United States v Lawrance (2008, CA10 Okla) 548 F3d 1329. 
Defendant's argument that Sex Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA) and its failure to register 
provisions, 18 USCS§ 2250, violated Commerce Clause because they exceeded authority granted to U.S. Congress to 
regulate interstate commerce, failed; specifically, he claimed that his conduct was purely intrastate because it concerned 
only his failure to register, which had no effect on interstate commerce; however, sex offenders were, pursuant to 42 
USCS§ 16913(a), required to register, and to keep registration current, in each jurisdiction where offender resided, 
where offender was employee, and there offender was student, and whether such activity had substantial effect on 
interstate commerce was irrelevant because U.S. Congress had authority to regulate this type of activity; Congress could 
regulate interstate commerce to extent of forbidding and punishing use of such commerce as agency to promote 
immorality, dishonesty, or spread of any evil or harm to people of other states from state of origin, and SORNA clearly 
intended to regulate evasion of sex offender registration requirements by sex offenders who had crossed jurisdictional 
lines. United States v Lawrance (2008, CA10 Okla) 548 F3d 1329. 
Though defendant argued that application of Sex Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA), 18 USCS § 
2250, to his conduct constituted due process violation, specifically because he contended that SORNA did not apply to 
him until promulgation of U.S. Attorney General's Interim Rule and that he was afforded no statutory notification of 
SORNA's registration requirements, defendant knew of his obligation to register under state law and Jacob Wetterling 
Act, 42 USCS§ 14071, and that he was required to keep his registration current; moreover, 42 USCS§ 16913(d) merely 
clarified SORNA's applicability to offenders in defendant's position-with or without rule, SORNA was applicable to 
such offenders from its enactment date onward; furthermore, notice of defendant's obligations under state law was 
sufficient to satisfy Due Process Clause's requirements; because defendant was arrested post-SORNA, and even 
post-Interim Rule, it was presumed that he was familiar with law. United States v Lowrance (2008, CA10 Okla) 548 
F3d 1329. 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 18 USCS § 2250(a)(2)(B), did not, as it was applied to defendant's 
case, violate Ex Post Facto Clause, by penalizing his pre-enactment interstate travel; because defendant's interstate 
travel took place both before and after enactment date, issue was irrelevant; moreover, 42 USCS§ 16913(d) applied 
only to those offenders who were unable to initially register, and not to all offenders who were convicted prior to 
enactment date; because defendant was convicted of sexual offense prior to enactment date and was informed of his 
duty to register as sex offender and did so, § 16913(d) did not apply to him. United States v Lawrance (2008, CA10 
Okla) 548 F3d 1329. 
Neither Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's registration requirements nor criminal penalties attached 
to noncompliance in 18 USCS§ 2250 violate Er Past Facto Clause. United States v Hinckley (2008, CA10 Okla) 550 
F3d 926. 
Defendant's indictment for failure to register under 18 USCS § 2250 due to acts committed prior to Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act's effective date did not violate Ex Post Facto Clause because failure to register was 
continuing offense. United States v Hinckley (2008, CA10 Okla) 550 F3d 926. 
Application of 18 USCS § 2250 violated Ex Post Facto Clause, U.S. Const. art. I, § 9, as to one defendant who was 
convicted of sex offense before passage of Act and who was not given reasonable time to register after Act became 
applicable to defendant pursuant to 28 CFR § 72.3; defendant was charged with failing to register within about five 
weeks after § 72.3 was issued; however, there was no ex post facto violation as to second defendant who had still failed 
to register nearly five months after § 72.3 was issued. United States v Dixon (2008, CA7 Ind) 551 F3d 578. 
Application of 18 USCS § 2250 to defendant did not violate due process based on lack of notice to defendant of 
Act's enactment, as circumstances existed that might have moved defendant to inquire as to necessity of registration; 
defendant registered as sex offender in South Carolina and would have known that registration in Indiana was necessary 
EFTA00726938
--- PAGE 9 ---
Page 9 
USCS § 2250 
when defendant moved there. United States v Dixon (2008, CA7 Ind) 551 F3d 578. 
Because defendants' indictments were based on conduct that pre-dated Attorney General's interim rule specifying 
that Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's (SORNA) registration requirements applied to pre-SORNA 
offenders, defendants' convictions were reversed, and sentences imposed in connection with those convictions were 
vacated; defendants' indictments were based on conduct occurring prior to Attorney General's issuance of interim rule, 
at time when SORNA's registration requirements did not yet apply to them, and defendants could not be prosecuted for 
conduct that was not criminal at time it was committed. United States v Hatcher (2008, CA4 Va) 560 F3d 222. 
Defendant was properly convicted of failing to register as sex offender under 18 USCS§ 2250 because his 
obligation to register arose on date of retroactivity determination by Attorney General under 42 USCS§ 16913, 
defendant had three days to fulfill his duty, and he failed to do so after traveling in interstate commerce; fact that 
defendant's travel occurred prior to retroactivity determination did not preclude prosecution and did not violate EX Post 
Facto Clause. United States v Dumont (2009, CA I I Fla) 21 FLW Fed C 1401. 
Defendants were properly convicted under 18 USCS § 2250 for failing to comply with sex offender registration 
requirements under 42 USCS § 16913; 18 USCS § 2250 is constitutional under Commerce Clause, and 42 USCS § 
16913 is constitutionally authorized under Commerce Clause and Necessary and Proper Clause, U.S. Const. art. 1, § 8, 
cl. 18; covering registration of wholly intrastate sex offenders is merely incidental to Congress's tracking of sex 
offenders in interstate commerce. United States v Howell (2009, CA8 Iowa) 552 F3d 709. 
Iowa district court was proper venue to prosecute defendant under 18 USCS§ 2250 for failing to register as sex 
offender after traveling in interstate commerce where defendant was charged with failing to notify Iowa of change in 
residency to Texas and failing to register in Texas; prosecution in Iowa did not violate U.S. Const. art. III, § 2, or Sixth 
Amendment; defendant's violation commenced in Iowa, so prosecution in Iowa was authorized under 18 USCS § 3237, 
and failure to inform Iowa of move was material part of violation. United States v Howell (2009, CA8 Iowa) 552 F3d 
709. 
Court of appeals rejected defendant's argument that Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) 
violated Ex Post Facto Clause, U.S. Const. art. I, § 9, a 3, on grounds that statute allegedly imposed on him retroactive 
duty to register as sex offender and enhanced punishment for his 1974 California conviction for crimes against children, 
because superseding indictment charged not only that defendant failed to register as sex offender after effective date of 
United States Attorney General's retroactivity determination (that SORNA's registration requirements applied to all 
offenders, like defendant, who were convicted before July 27, 2006), but also that defendant performed every action 
necessary for prosecution—i.e., failing to register as required and traveling in interstate travel--after effective date of 
Attorney General's retroactivity determination. United States v Ambert (2009, CA11 Fla) 561 F3d 1202, 21 FLW Fed C 
1596. 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) did not violate defendant's procedural due process rights 
by causing his name to be placed on sex offender registry without first providing him with hearing to assess risk of 
recidivism and current dangerousness; fact that defendant sought to prove that he was neither dangerous nor likely to be 
repeat offender was of no moment under SORNA, because reporting requirements turned on his conviction alone--fact 
that defendant had procedurally safeguarded opportunity to contest; accordingly, his procedural due process challenge 
to statute was rejected on appeal. United States v Amber! (2009, CA11 Fla) 561 F3d 1202, 21 FLW Fed C 1596. 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) did not compromise defendant's substantive due process 
rights by causing his name to be placed on sex offender registry without first providing him with opportunity to 
challenge his prior conviction; putative right of defendant, as sexual offender, to refuse to register under (SORNA) and 
to prevent publication was contested right at issue, and restrictions contained in SORNA were rationally related to 
Congress' legitimate goal in protecting public from recidivist sex offenders; moreover, state's publication of truthful 
information that was already available to public did not infringe fundamental constitutional rights of liberty and privacy; 
therefore, defendant's inability to challenge his conviction before publication did not violate substantive due process. 
United States v Ambert (2009, CAI I Fla) 561 F3d 1202, 21 FLW Fed C 1596. 
Congress did not exceed its authority under Commerce Clause, U.S. Const. art. 1, § 8, cl. 3, when it passed 18 
USCS§ 2250(a) because when sex offender traveled from one state to another, he was instrumentality of interstate 
commerce; by regulating such persons in SORNA, Congress acted under its Commerce Clause power to regulate 
instrumentality. United States v Ambert (2009, CA11 Fla) 561 F3d 1202, 21 FLW Fed C 1596. 
Defendant was not entitled to dismissal of indictment under 18 USCS § 2250 for failing to register as sex offender 
EFTA00726939
--- PAGE 10 ---
Page 10 
USCS § 2250 
as required under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901.16991, based on claim 
that SORNA violated Commerce Clause, because § 2250 and 42 USCS § 16913 were valid exercises of congressional 
authority under Commerce Clause. United States v Hacker (2009, CA8 Neb) 565 F3d 522. 
Defendant lacked standing to bring Tenth Amendment challenge to Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 
USCS §§ 16901.16991, and its criminal enforcement provision, 18 USCS § 2250(a), because private party could not 
assert such claim absent involvement of state or its instrumentalities. United States v Hacker (2009, CA8 Neb) 565 F3d 
522. 
Because defendant, who pleaded guilty under 18 USCS§ 2250(a) to failing to register as sex offender, was not 
unable to comply with initial registration requirements under 42 USCS§ 16913(h) of Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901.16991, defendant lacked standing to claim that delegation of authority 
to U.S. Attorney General to determine SORNA's retroactive effect was impermissible under U.S. Const art. 1, § 1; 
defendant also lacked standing to claim that Attorney General's interim order regarding application of SORNA violated 
notice and comment requirements under 5 USCS § 553(d) of Administrative Procedure Act. United States v Hacker 
(2009, CA8 Neb) 565 F3d 522. 
Defendant was not entitled to dismissal of indictment under 18 USCS § 2250 for failing to register as sex offender 
as required under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901.16991, based on claim 
that SORNA violated Commerce Clause, because § 2250 and 42 USCS § 16913 were valid exercises of congressional 
authority under Commerce Clause. United States v Hacker (2009, CA8 Neb) 565 F3d 522. 
USCS § 2250(a) does not violate Commerce Clause; Congress has authority to regulate persons in interstate 
commerce, especially persons who move from State of conviction to another State and there fail to register, as they use 
instrumentalities of interstate commerce; Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 
et seq., and 18 USCS§ 2250, clearly intends to regulate interstate activity, i.e., evasion of sex offender registration 
requirements by sex offenders who have crossed jurisdictional lines. United States v Gould (2009, CA4 Md) 568 F3d 
459. 
Defendant was punished for failing to register during period after Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act 
(SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., and 18 USCS§ 2250, was enacted, beginning at least as early as February 28, 
2007, when Attorney General issued his Interim Regulations clarifying that SORNA applied to pre-SORNA sex 
offenders; because defendant was punished for his conduct after enactment of SORNA provision criminalizing conduct, 
his punishment did not violate Et Post Facto Clause. United States v Gould (2009, CA4 Md) 568 F3d 459. 
Requiring defendant to register as a sex offender before and after interstate travel--which clearly facilitated 
monitoring with a minimal practical impact was reasonably adapted to ensure that sex offenders registered and updated 
previous registrations when moving, thus, defendant's conviction under 18 USCS § 2250(a) did not violate the 
Commerce Clause. United States v Whaley (2009, CA5 Ter) 577 F3d 254. 
In a case in which defendant challenged the constitutionality of the federal Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901.16991, and its corresponding criminal offense statute, 18 USCS§ 2250, 
he unsuccessfully argued that SORNA violated the violated the Commerce Clause because it did not establish a nexus 
to interstate commerce; SORNA derived its authority from each prong of the Lopez test--and most specifically, the 
ability to regulate persons or things in interstate commerce and the use of the channels of interstate commerce; 
therefore, SORNA provided a sufficient nexus to interstate commerce. United States v Zuniga (2009, CA8 Neb) 579 
F3d 845. 
In a case in which defendant challenged the constitutionality of the federal Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901.16991, and its corresponding criminal offense statute, 18 USCS§ 2250, 
he argued that SORNA violated the non-delegation doctrine because Congress improperly delegated authority to 
legislate the scope of SORNA to the Attorney General; because defendant was able to register pursuant to SORNA but 
failed to do so, 42 USCS§ 16913(d) did not apply to him and he lacked standing to bring a challenge to that section. 
United States v Zuniga (2009, CA8 Neb) 579 F3d 845. 
In a case in which defendant challenged the constitutionality of the federal Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901.16991, and its corresponding criminal offense statute, /8 USCS§ 2250, 
he lacked standing to argue that SORNA violated the Tenth Amendment; private party did not have standing to assert 
that the federal government was encroaching on state sovereignty in violation of the Tenth Amendment absent the 
involvement of a state or its instrumentalities, and defendant was challenging SORNA in his individual capacity; he did 
EFTA00726940
--- PAGE 11 ---
Page II 
USCS § 2250 
not assert the involvement of a state or its instrumentalities. United States v Zuniga (2009, CA8 Neh) 579 F3d 841 
In a case in which defendant challenged the constitutionality of the federal Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901.16991, and its corresponding criminal offense statute, 18 USCS§ 2250, 
he unsuccessfully argued that SORNA was inapplicable to him because his travel in interstate commerce occurred 
before the Attorney General issued an interim ruling designating the applicability of SORNA to offenders convicted 
before SORNA's date of the enactment; defendant, who traveled in interstate commerce after SORNA's enactment but 
before the Attorney General issued its interim rule, was in the same position as was the defendant in the May decision; 
therefore, like the defendant in the May decision, defendant in the present case was already obligated to register under 
SORNA, and the interim rule did not affect that obligation. United States v Zuniga (2009, CA8 Neb) 579 F3d 845. 
In a case in which defendant challenged the constitutionality of the federal Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901.16991, and its corresponding criminal offense statute, 18 USCS§ 2250, 
he unsuccessfully argued that SORNA violated the Ex Post Facto Clause because SORNA increased the punishment for 
failure to register and punished him for conduct that occurred before SORNA was applicable to him; since SORNA did 
not punish an individual for previously being convicted of a sex offense, but it instead merely punished an individual for 
traveling in interstate commerce and failing to register, it did not violate the Ex Post Facto Clause. United States v 
Zuniga (2009, CA8 Neh) 579 F3d 841 
Because defendant traveled in interstate commerce and knowingly failed to update his sex offender registry after 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's requirements in 42 USCS§ 16913(c) were made applicable to all sex 
offenders, his actions were not legal when he committed them; thus, his conviction and incarceration under 18 USCS § 
2250(a) did not violate Ex Post Facto Clause, U.S. Const. art 1, § 9, cl. 3. United States v Young (2009, CAS Tex) 585 
F3d 199. 
Second Circuit concludes, as have all of its sister circuits that have considered issue, that fact that defendant had no 
actual notice of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 18 USCS § 2250(a), is not sufficient to 
render his prosecution pursuant to that statute violation of his due process rights; to extent that judicial precedent carves 
out limited exception to rule that ignorance of law is not valid defense to its violation, defendant's failure to comply 
with SORNA's registration requirements is beyond that exception. United States v Hester (2009, CA2 NY) 589 F3d 86. 
Second Circuit agrees with its sister circuits and holds that compliance with Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), 18 USCS§ 2250(a), is not impossible where states at issue have registration program; 
SORNA only obligates sex offender to register, and keep registration current, in each jurisdiction where offender 
resides, where offender is employee, and where offender is student, 42 USCS§ 16913(a). United States v Hester (2009, 
CA2 NY) 589 F3d 86. 
USCS§ 2250(a) is proper congressional exercise of commerce power, as 18 USCS§ 2250(a) only criminalizes 
knowing failure to register when offender is either required to register by reason of federal law conviction or travels in 
interstate or foreign commerce, or enters or leaves, or resides in, Indian country. United States v Guzman (2010, CA2 
NY) 591 F3d 83. 
Because appellees had not shown that any of states involved in their interstate travel had taken any steps to 
implement Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), their Tenth Amendment argument that SORNA 
commandeered state officials into administering federal law necessarily failed. United States v Guzman (2010, CA2 NY) 
591 F3d 83. 
Because defendants were convicted of traveling interstate and failing to register, and in both of their cases travel 
and failure to register occurred after Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's (SORNA) enactment and 
effective date of regulations indicating that SORNA applied to all sex offenders, there was no ex post facto problem 
with their convictions. United States v Guzman (2010, CA2 NY) 591 F3d 83. 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) contains sufficient nexus to interstate commerce. 
SORNA is proper regulation of commerce under Lopez categories because it not only regulates persons or things in 
interstate commerce, but also regulates use of channels of interstate commerce and instrumentalities of interstate 
commerce. United States v Shenandoah (2010, CA3 Pa) 595 F3d 151. 
Defendant's conviction for failure to register under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 18 
USCS§ 2250, did not violate Due Process Clause because defendant was required to register under SORNA regardless 
of whether SORNA's administrative requirements had been implemented by Colorado, where he was convicted of 
EFTA00726941
--- PAGE 12 ---
Page 12 
USCS § 2250 
predicate sex offense, or Texas, where he was arrested and tried, and defendant was not convicted of failing to do 
impossible because (I) there was sufficient evidence that defendant knowingly failed to register as sex offender because 
he had requisite notice of that duty under Colorado law; (2) nothing in SORNA's statutory scheme indicated that 
individual's registration obligations were contingent upon state's implementation of SORNA's administrative 
requirements; (3) defendant acknowledged on three occasions his duty to register as sex offender upon moving to new 
jurisdiction; and (4) both Colorado and Texas had sex offender registry. United States v Heth (2010, CA5 Ter) 596 F3d 
255. 
Defendant's motion, seeking to dismiss indictment that charged him with violating 18 USCS§ 2250(a) and sex 
offender registration requirements of Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Walsh Act), Pub. L. No. 
109-248 (2006), was denied: (I) Walsh Act was constitutional on its face; (2) registration requirements, which were set 
out in 42 USCS § 16913, Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), which was part of Walsh Act, 
applied retroactively to defendant, even though he was convicted of second degree sexual abuse offense under N Y. 
Penal Law § 130.60 before July 27, 2006, which was date Walsh Act was enacted; and (3) defendant's prosecution 
under 18 USCS § 2250(a) for violating Walsh Act did not raise U.S. Coast. art 1, § 9, cl. 3, Ex Post Facto Clause 
concerns because defendant was notified, at time of his conviction, that he would have to register in any new domicile if 
he moved from New York, and it did not matter that notice was provided to him in compliance with state law rather 
than pursuant to SORNA. United States v Madera (2007, MD Fla) 474 FSupp 2d 1257 (criticized in United States v 
Smith (2007, ED Mich) 481 FSupp 2d 846) and (criticized in United States v Muzio (2007, ED Mo) 2007 US Dist 
LEXIS 54330) and (criticized in United States v Cole (2007, SD Ill) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 68522) and (criticized in 
United States v Beasley (2007, ND Ga) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 85793) and (criticized in United States v Gill (2007, DC 
Utah) 520 F Stipp 2d 1341) and (criticized in United States v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 FSupp 2d 538) and (criticized 
in United States v Howell (2008, ND Iowa) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 7810). 
Because Congress has established jurisdictional predicate of interstate or foreign travel, government need only 
establish de minimis effect on interstate commerce; federal offense of failing to register as sex offender (FFR) has at 
least de minimis effect on interstate travel, because it involves travel of certain person across state lines; accordingly, 
FFR is proper exercise of congressional authority under Commerce Clause. United States v Hinen (2007, WD Va) 487 F 
Supp 2d 747 (criticized in United States v Barnes (2007, SD NY) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 53245) and (criticized in United 
States v Muzio (2007, ED Mo) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 54330) and (criticized in United States v Cole (2007, SD Ill) 2007 
US Dist LEXIS 68522) and (criticized in United States v Deese (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 70677) and 
(criticized in United States v Gill (2007, DC Utah) 520 F Supp 2d 1341) and (criticized in United States v Howell 
(2007, ND Iowa) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 83224) and (criticized in United States v Mantia (2007, WD La) 2007 US Dist 
LEXIS 96018) and (criticized in United States v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 F Supp 2d 538) and (criticized in United 
States v Howell (2008, ND Iowa) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 7810). 
Where defendant, who was convicted of criminal sexual conduct prior to enactment of Sex Offender Registration 
and Notification Act (SORNA), traveled in interstate commerce before SORNA was made applicable to him by 28 
C.F.R. § 72.3 and failed to register as sex offender as required by 42 USCS § 16913(c), defendant could not be found 
guilty of violating 18 USCS § 2250(a) because finding defendant guilty would have required retroactive application of 
SORNA and would have resulted in enhanced punishment in violation of Ex Post Facto Clause, U.S. Coast. art. I, § 9, 
cl. 3. United States v Stinson (2007, SD W Va) 507 F Supp 2d 560 (criticized in United States v Beasley (2007, ND Ga) 
2007 US Dist LEXIS 85793) and (criticized in United States v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 FSupp 2d 538). 
Defendant's ex post facto challenge to registration requirements of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act 
(SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., lacked merit because statute was civil in nature; individual provisions of 
SORNA, except for 18 USCS § 2250, were devoted to procedural issues; although SORNA required sex offenders to 
provide detailed personal information and appear in person so that jurisdiction could take current photograph and verify 
their information, 42 USCS §§ 16914, 16916, there was insufficient evidence to transform SORNA from civil scheme 
into criminal penalty. United States v Mason (2007, MD Fla) 510 F Supp 2d 923 (criticized in United States v Muzio 
(2007, ED Mo) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 54330) and (criticized in United States v Cole (2007, SD RI) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 
68522) and (criticized in United States v Gill (2007, DC Utah) 520 FSupp 2d 1341) and (criticized in United States v 
Mantia (2007, WD La) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 96018) and (criticized in United States v Howell (2008, ND Iowa) 2008 US 
Dist LEXIS 7810). 
Defendant's motion to dismiss indictment, which charged him with violating 18 USCS § 2250(a) by failing to 
register and/or update his registration as sex offender as required by 42 USCS § 16913(b),(c), part of Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), was denied because defendant failed to show that SORNA was 
EFTA00726942
--- PAGE 13 ---
Page 13 
USCS § 2250 
unconstitutional on its face or as retroactively applied to his case: (I) although he was convicted prior to SORNA's 
enactment, defendant was already obligated to register as sex offender pursuant to N.D. Cent. Code § 121-32-15; (2) 
Congress did not violate U.S. Const. art. I, § 1, when it gave U.S. Attorney General authority to promulgate regulations 
applying SORNA, and pursuant to 28 C.F.R. § 72.3, SORNA's registration requirements retroactively applied to 
defendant's case; (3) defendant's due process and ex post facto rights were not violated by retroactive application of 
SORNA registration requirements to his case because he was responsible for keeping abreast of law pertaining to his 
registration obligations and government was seeking to hold him liable for his conduct in failing to register after 
SORNA was enacted and 28 C.F.R. § 72.3 was promulgated; and (4) no court had held that SORNA was 
unconstitutional because it violated Commerce Clause. United States v Lovejoy (2007, DC ND) 516 FSupp 2d 1032. 
Congress may regulate persons or things in interstate commerce, even though threat may come only from intrastate 
activities; federal jurisdiction under 18 USCS§ 2250(a)(2)(B) is only acquired when offender who must register under 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., travels in interstate or foreign 
commerce and SORNA, therefore, does not violate Commerce Clause. United States v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 F 
Supp 2d 538 (criticized in United States v Howell (2008, ND Iowa) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 7810). 
Defendant was not entitled to dismissal of his indictment under 18 USCS § 2250 and 42 USCS§ 16913 for failing 
to register as sex offender when he crossed state lines because both statutes were constitutional; 18 USCS § 2250 was 
proper exercise of congressional power under Commerce Clause because Congress has broad federal power to regulate 
persons who cross state boundaries and, while 42 USCS§ 16913 exceeded Congress's power under Commerce Clause, 
that statute was valid under Necessary and Proper Clause, U.S. Const an. I, § 8, cL 18, because it was appropriate and 
reasonably adapted means by Congress to attain legitimate end of 18 USCS§ 2250. United States v Thomas (2008, ND 
Iowa) 534 F Stipp 2d 912. 
USCS§ 2250(a) violates Congress' power under Commerce Clause and is, therefore, unconstitutional; 
commendable goal of protecting public from sex offenders is not enough to transform state concern (sex offender 
registration) into federal crime; criminal statute has nothing to do with commerce or economic enterprise; further, 
jurisdictional element, supposed link between failure to register as sex offender and interstate commerce, was 
insufficient to support finding of substantial affect on interstate commerce. United States v Powers (2008, MD Fla) 544 
FSupp 2d 1331, 21 FLU' Fed D 215. 
USCS § 2250 was valid exercise of congressional power under Commerce Clause, U.S. Const art. I, § 8, cL 3 
because (I) statute's jurisdictional element, requirement that defendant travel in interstate or foreign commerce, brought 
statute under instrumentalities of interstate commerce prong of Commerce Clause; (2) Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., by its terms, did not focus on merely intrastate matters; (3) not 
only did 18 USCS§ 2250 have jurisdictional element, but jurisdictional element required proof of interstate activity; and 
(4) SORNA required that defendant register within three days of traveling in interstate commerce, and thus, regulated 
activity and jurisdictional element were quite closely connected. United States v Ditomasso (2008, DC RI) 552 FSupp 
2d 233. 
Court rejected defendant's argument that Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 
16901 et seq., violated Tenth Amendment by forcing states to register sex offenders before they voluntarily complied 
with SORNA because state component of SORNA was voluntary, and although criminal component of SORNA fell 
under Commerce Clause and was not voluntary, 18 USCS § 2250 did not require any additional effort on part of Rhode 
Island, but merely added federal penalty to failure to abide by state registration laws; thus, SORNA conformed to 
requirements of Tenth Amendment. United States v Ditomasso (2008, DC RI) 552 FSupp 2d 231 
Charging defendant under 18 USCS§ 2250 with violating Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act 
(SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., did not violate Due Process Clause guarantee of fundamental fairness because 
although Rhode Island had not yet implemented SORNA, both structure and purpose of law showed that Congress 
intended for sex offenders to register in their states regardless of whether state fully implemented SORNA. United States 
v Ditomasso (2008, DC RI) 552 F Supp 2d 233. 
Although requiring defendant to comply with Sex Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA) did not 
implicate Ex Post Facto Clause, punishing him pursuant to punishment scheme of 18 USCS§ 2250 based on conduct 
which predated Title I of Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 violated Ex Post Facto Clause where (I) 
when defendant moved to Virgin Islands, assuming it was his first offense for failure to register, his failure to register 
was punishable as misdemeanor under 42 USCS § 14072(i), with maximum sentence of one year in prison; (2) that 
same failure to register was now punishable by up to ten years in prison; and (3) increasing punishment from maximum 
EFTA00726943
--- PAGE 14 ---
Page 14 
USCS § 2250 
imprisonment of one year to up to ten years, clearly increased punishment for crime. United States v Gillette (2008, DC 
VI) 553 F Supp 2d 524. 
Defendant's failure to register under Sex Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA)could not qualify as 
continuous crime because he, sex offender, completed all of elements of crime when he traveled interstate to Virgin 
Islands and did not register; because crime was completed before SORNA's enactment, Ex Post Facto Clause barred his 
prosecution. United States v Gillette (2008, DC VI) 553 F Supp 2d 524. 
Conditions for pretrial release that were mandated by Adam Walsh Amendments to Bail Reform Act of 1984, and 
appeared in undesignated paragraph at end of 18 USCS§ 3142(c)(1)(B), violated Due Process Clause of Fifth 
Amendment and Excessive Bail Clause of Eighth Amendment, as they were applied to defendant who was charged with 
violating Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 18 USCS§ 2250(a); mandatory conditions prevented court 
from evaluating and setting relevant conditions of pretrial release, which implicated significant liberty interests, and 
they were excessive as they applied to defendant's case. United States v Mlles (2008, WD Tex) 566 FSupp 2d 591. 
District court overruled defendant's motion to dismiss indictment charging him with violating 18 USCS§ 2250(a) 
by failing to register as sex offender, as required by § 113 of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS 
§ 16913; Congress did not exceed its authority under Commerce Clause, U.S. Const. art. I, § 8, cl. 3, when it enacted § 
2250(a), and fact that federal authorities had not provided notice required by 42 USCS § 16917 was not defense to 
prosecution under § 2250(a) because state authorities had informed defendant of his obligation to register as sex 
offender under state law. United States v Trent (2008, SD Ohio) 568 FSupp 2d 857. 
Application of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 18 USCS § 2250(a) and 42 USCS § 
14072(1)(1), to defendants did not violate Ex Post Facto Clause, U.S. Const. art. I, § 9, because defendants were alleged 
to have traveled in interstate commerce and failed to register after SORNA's effective date and after regulations 
clarified SORNA's applicability to previously convicted sex offenders. United States v Shenandoah (2008, MD Pa) 572 
F Supp 2d 566. 
Because federal prosecution under 18 USCS§ 2250 does not reach purely intrastate movement of sex offenders 
who fail to comply with registration requirements, Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act does not contravene 
Commerce Clause, U.S. Const art I, § 8, cl. 3. United States v Shenandoah (2008, MD Pa) 572 FSupp 2d 566. 
Application of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 18 USCS § 2250(a) and 42 USCS § 
14072(1)(1), to defendants did not violate due process; fact that states in which defendants allegedly failed to register 
had not fully complied with registry requirements under 42 USCS§ 16912 did not prevent defendants from complying 
with SORNA, and defendants' knowledge of state law registration requirements provided sufficient notice of duty to 
register under SORNA; further, it did not violate defendants' constitutional right to travel; SORNA does not 
unreasonably burden right to travel; SORNA's requirements burden sex offender's right to travel only to limited extent 
nerrwiry to serve government's compelling interest in protecting its citizens from sex crimes. United States v 
Shenandoah (2008, MD Pa) 572 F Supp 2d 566. 
In defendant's case, 18 USCS § 2250(a)(2)(A) did not implicate Commerce Clause, U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 3, 
because defendant's prior crimes occurred while he was serving in U.S. Air Force on military base and his prior 
conviction was for violation of Unif. Code Mil. Justice art. 120 and 124; accordingly, Congress' power to regulate his 
actions did not stem from its Commerce Clause authority, but from its superseding power to assign consequences for 
violations of federal law. United States v Tones (2008, WD Tex) 573 F Supp 2d 925. 
Defendant's indictment under 18 USCS § 2250 was valid under Commerce Clause, U.S. Const. art. 1, § 8, cL 3, 
because there was direct connection between interstate commerce and his failure to register or update registration as sex 
offender; Government alleged that defendant crossed state lines to work in New Mexico while continuing to live in 
Texas, and he failed to register these changes; therefore, defendant's act of moving in interstate commerce was not some 
attenuated circumstance but actually formed part of alleged crime. United States v Torres (2008, WD Tex) 573 F Supp 
2d 925. 
Indictment pertained to defendant's failure to keep his registration current under 42 USCS§ 16913(a), (c) and did 
not seek to punish him for his behavior prior to enactment of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 
USCS §§ 16901 et seq.; thus, 18 USCS§ 2250's proscription against violating SORNA was not ex post facto 
violation. United States v Gagnon (2008, DC Me) 574 F Supp 2d 172. 
USCS § 2250(a) falls within Congress' power to regulate persons or things in interstate commerce. United States 
EFTA00726944
--- PAGE 15 ---
Page 15 
USCS § 2250 
v Hann (2008, MD Tam) 574 F Supp 2d 827. 
Notice of sex offender's state duty to register under state law does carry over to his duty to register under Sex 
Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq; therefore, Due Process Clause is not 
violated by lack of notice or fair warning. United States v Hann (2008, MD Tenn) 574 F Stipp 2d 827. 
Because Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., was enacted before 
sex offender traveled from New York to Tennessee, Ex Post Facto Clause was not violated; furthermore, SORNA did 
not violate Ex Post Facto Clause because it was not penal in nature. United States v Hann (2008, MD Tenn) 574 FSupp 
2d 827. 
District court held that 18 USCS § 2250 was not unconstitutional since it regulated persons in interstate commerce, 
reasoning that because federal prosecution under § 2250 did not reach purely intrastate movement of sex offenders who 
failed to comply with registration requirements, Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), did not 
contravene Commerce Clause, U.S. Const. art. I, § 8, a 3; this holding was bolstered by congressional intent 
underlying SORNA, i.e., to protect public safety by creating mechanism for tracking sex offenders as they moved from 
state to state, as threat posed by sex offenders traveling in interstate commerce was precisely type of peril that Congress 
was permitted to address utilizing Commerce Clause. United States v Vardaro (2008, DC Mont) 575 F Supp 2d 1179. 
District court rejected defendant's claim that because he had no notice of Sex Offender Reporting and Notification 
Act's (SORNA) reporting requirements, he could not be prosecuted for violating 18 USCS § 2250(a), since lack of 
notice violated due process; defendant was in no position to claim that he was unaware of any wrongdoing, since he was 
aware of his continuing obligation to register, as he had registered in Michigan prior to traveling to Montana; while 
defendant might not have had notice of his registration requirements under SORNA, he knew of his obligation to keep 
his registration current and therefore he was precluded from claiming that he was unaware of any wrongdoing. United 
States v Vardaro (2008, DC Mont) 575 F Supp 2d 1179. 
Because 42 USCS § 16913 is not valid exercise of Congressional authority under either Commerce Clause or 
Congress' spending power, federal duty to register as sex offender under § 16913 is unconstitutional; it then follows that 
conviction under 18 USCS§ 2250(a) is invalid because criminal penalty statute demands Government prove defendant 
was required to register under § 16913. United States v Hall (2008, ND NY) 577 F Supp 2d 610, request den, on 
reconsideration (2008, ND NY) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 98343 and (criticized in United States v Lamere (2008, ND NY) 
2008 US Dist LEXIS 101116). 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's (SORNA) fatal flaw is that Congress exceeded its power under 
Commerce Clause when it created federal duty for all sex offenders to update their registration pursuant to 42 USCS§ 
16913; specifically, Congress may not require sex offenders convicted of state sex offenses and who do not travel in 
interstate commerce to update their sex offender registration after changing their name, address, employment, or student 
status; duty to register as sex offender pursuant to § 16913 is predicate for conviction under § 2250(a), and therefore, 
constitutional defect of § 16913 taints § 2250(a). United States v Hall (2008, ND NY) 577 FSupp 2d 610, request den, 
on reconsideration (2008, ND NY) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 98343 and (criticized in United States v Lamere (2008, ND NY) 
2008 US Dist LEXIS 101116). 
Court rejected defendant's argument that Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) was 
unconstitutional because it exceeded powers delegated to Congress under Commerce Clause of United States 
Constitution, U.S. Const. art. 1, § 8, a 3 where Congress set out jurisdictional predicate and that element satisfied 
requirements of Commerce Clause. SORNA did not reach sex offender who failed to register and remained within one 
state, but applied to sex offender under state law only if that person failed to register and travelled in interstate or 
foreign commerce, or entered or left, or resided in, Indian country, 18 USCS § 2250(a)(2)(B). United States v Stevens 
(2008, DC Me) 578 F Supp 2d 172. 
Because duty to register as sex offender pursuant to 42 USCS § 16913 is predicate for conviction under 18 USCS § 
2250(a), constitutional defect of § 16913 under Commerce Clause renders § 2250(a) unenforceable. United States v 
Guzman (2008, ND NY) 582 F Stipp 2d 305 (criticized in United States v Howell (2009, CA8 Iowa) 2009 US App LEXIS 
541). 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) is constitutional under second prong of Lopez test 
because it regulates persons traveling in interstate commerce. SORNA's criminal provision at 18 USCS§ 2250 contains 
appropriate jurisdictional element which expressly limits SORNA prosecutions to those individuals who have traveled 
in interstate commerce; such express limitation evidences that Congress was acutely aware of breadth of its power under 
EFTA00726945
--- PAGE 16 ---
Page 16 
USCS § 2250 
Commerce Clause, U.S. Const art 1, § 8, a 3, when it enacted SORNA. United States v Pena (2008, WD Ter) 582 F 
Supp 2d 851 (criticized in United States v Myers (2008, SD Fla) 21 FLW Fed D 473). 
Because federal prosecution under 18 USCS § 2250 did not reach purely intrastate movement of sex offenders who 
failed to comply with registration requirements of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), district 
court concluded that statute was valid exercise of congressional power under Commerce Clause, U.S. Const. art. I, § 3, 
cl. 8; this holding was bolstered by congressional intent underlying SORNA, i.e., to protect public safety by creating 
mechanism for tracking sex offenders as they moved from state to state; therefore, 18 USCS § 2250 was not 
unconstitutional under Commerce Clause. United States v Pena (2008, WD Tex) 582 F Stipp 2d 851 (criticized in 
United States v Myers (2008, SD Fla) 21 FLW Fed D 473). 
Defendant's indictment charging him with failure to register as sex offender under 18 USCS § 2250 was sufficient 
under Fed. R. Crim. P. 7 in that each essential element was alleged and his Due Process Clause rights were not violated 
in that he was given proper notice under 42 USCS §§ 16913 and 16917 and requirements of Sex Offender Registration 
and Notification Act turned on his previous military sex offense convictions, for which he was afforded procedural 
safeguards to contest. United States v Santana (2008, WD Tex) 584 F Supp 2d 941. 
USCS § 2250 exceeds grant of power made to Congress under Commerce Clause, U.S. Const. art. I, § 8 because 
it is in no way regulation of persons in interstate commerce but exertion of general police power through illusory and 
impermissible jurisdictional nexus. United States v Myers (2008, SD Fla) 591 F Supp 2d 1312, 21 FLW Fed D 473 
(criticized in United States v Howell (2009, C,A8 Iowa) 552 F3d 709) and (criticized in United States v Romeo (2009, 
ND NY) 2009 US Dist LEXIS 3522) and (criticized in United States v Hardeman (2009, ND Cal) 2009 US Dist LEES 
7561). 
Indictment of defendant for failing to register as sex offender, pursuant to requirements of 18 USCS § 2250(a) was 
upheld, as statute, interpreted in conjunction with 42 USCS § 16913, did not violate Commerce Clause, and despite 
predicate offenses being expunged. United States v Hardeman (2009, ND Cal) 598 F Supp 2d 1040. 
When sex offender travels from one state to another, he is instrumentality of interstate commerce, and by regulating 
these persons in Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, Congress has acted under its Commerce Clause power 
to regulate instrumentality. United States v Hernandez (2009, ED Mich) 615 FSupp 2d 601. 
Defendant's motion to dismiss indictment charging him with failure to register as sex offender, violation of 18 
USCS § 2250(a), on ground that Sexual Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA) violated Ex Post Facto Clause 
of United States Constitution was denied because SORNA worked prospectively, did not retroactively increase 
defendant's punishment, and was civil and non-punitive regulatory scheme; thus, SORNA did not violate Ex Post Facto 
Clause. United States v Voice (2009, DC SD) 621 FSupp 2d 741. 
Court denied defendant's motion to dismiss indictment charging him with failure to register as sex offender, 
violation of 18 USCS § 2250(a), on ground that Sexual Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA) violated 
Commerce Clause, U.S. Const art 1, § 8, el 3, because Congress set out two jurisdictional prerequisites, one of which 
had to be satisfied, in order for SORNA to apply, and those prerequisites, commission of federal sex offense or traveling 
to different state, foreign country, or Indian country, had significant enough connection with interstate commerce to 
bring SORNA within purview of Commerce Clause; thus, SORNA did not violate Commerce Clause. United States v 
Voice (2009, DC SD) 621 FSupp 2d 741. 
Defendant's motion to dismiss indictment charging him with failure to register as sex offender, violation of 18 
USCS § 2250(a), on ground that Sexual Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA) violated Due Process Clause 
of United States Constitution was denied because (I) failure of South Dakota to implement or update its registration in 
accordance with SORNA did not relieve defendant of his duty to register with state, and fact that Crow Creek Sioux 
Tribe had no sex offender registry program did not relieve defendant of duty to register with state; (2) defendant knew 
of registration requirements that South Dakota imposed on sex offenders so he was deemed to have sufficient notice 
regarding registration requirements of SORNA; and (3) notification and verification provisions contained in SORNA 
under 42 USCS § 16913(c), were not ambiguous. United States v Voice (2009, DC SD) 621 F Supp 2d 741. 
Defendant's motion to dismiss indictment charging him with failure to register as sex offender, violation of 18 
USCS § 2250(a), on ground that Sexual Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA) violated non-delegation 
doctrine was denied because defendant was able to register before SORNA's enactment, and thus, he lacked standing to 
raise question of delegation of authority to Attorney General. United States v Voice (2009, DC SD) 621 FSupp 2d 741. 
EFTA00726946
--- PAGE 17 ---
Page 17 
USCS § 2250 
Indictment charging defendant with one count of traveling in interstate commerce and thereafter knowingly failing 
to register and update his sex offender registration in violation of 18 USCS§ 2250(a) was dismissed because 42 USCS§ 
16913 unconstitutionally established a federal obligation for sex offenders to update their registration regardless of 
whether they remain in-state or were convicted of a purely local sex offense, and as a result, any conviction under 18 
USCS§ 2250(a) was likewise unconstitutional because a defendant's obligation to register pursuant to § 16913 was a 
predicate for conviction. United States v Nasci (2009, ND NY) 632 F Supp 2d 194. 
Argument that the regulation of sex offenders' intrastate activity was necessary to effectively monitor sex offenders' 
travel across state lines did not persuasively demonstrate that the statute was a proper exercise of Congress's power 
under the Commerce Clause, as that argument was belied by Congress's decision to limit the criminal enforcement 
statute to sex offenders who failed to register after traveling in interstate commerce; if, as the Government contended, 
Congress had both the need and the constitutional capability to impose a federal obligation for sex offenders to update 
their registry regardless of whether they remained in-state or were convicted of a purely local sex offense, it would have 
logically followed that Congress would have extended 18 USCS § 2250(a) to cover all sex offenders. United States v 
Nose! (2009, ND NY) 632 F Supp 2d 194. 
Defendant was not entitled to dismissal of his charge for failure to register as sex offender under 18 USCS§ 2250 
because he was registered under Cal. Penal Code § 290 upon release from prison but failed to register when he travelled 
to Nevada and 42 USCS§§ 16913(a) and 16917 did not violate his Fifth Amendment Due Process Clause rights 
regardless whether Nevada had implemented compliant registration system; also, SORNA did not violate Commerce 
Clause, Ex Post Facto Clause, Tenth Amendment, or Privileges and Immunities Clause right to travel. United States v 
Benevento (2009, DC Nev) 633 FSupp 2d 1170. 
USCS § 2250 is constitutional under Commerce Clause. United States v Barner (2009, ND NY) 635 F Supp 2d 
138. 
Because defendant was charged with violating 18 USCS § 2250(a) for conduct that occurred after Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS §§ 16901-16991, was enacted, there was no ex post facto violation. United 
States v Barner (2009, ND NY) 635 F Supp 2d 138. 
USCS § 2250(a) does not exceed Congress' authority under Commerce Clause, U.S. Const. art. I. § 8, cl. 3, 
because § 2250(a) only applies to those sex offenders failing to register or update register after traveling in interstate 
travel and interstate travel element is express jurisdictional trigger that falls within Congress' power to regulate and 
protect channels and instrumentalities of interstate commerce. United States v Jamison (2009, DC Del) 647 F Supp 2d 
381. 
In case in which defendant had been indicted on one count of failure to register or update his registration as sex 
offender as required by Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), in violation of 18 USCS§ 2250(a), 
he unsuccessfully moved to dismiss indictment by arguing that SORNA and its criminal enforcement provision 
exceeded Congress' constitutional power because sex-offender registration requirements were purely local in nature and 
there was insufficient relationship to interstate commerce; Section 2250(a) and SORNA's registration requirements 
came within first two categories identified by U.S. Supreme Court in which Congress was authorized to engage under 
its commerce power. United States v Johnson (2009, SD Miss) 652 FSupp 2d 720. 
In case in which defendant had been indicted on one count of failure to register or update his registration as sex 
offender as required by Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), in violation of 18 USCS§ 2250(a), 
he unsuccessfully moved to dismiss indictment by arguing that his prosecution for violation of 18 USCS § 2250 violated 
Ex Post Facto Clause of Constitution; he was not being punished because he violated 18 USCS § 2250 prior to its 
enactment; he was sex offender who was required to register under SORNA, who traveled in interstate commerce, and 
knowingly failed to register or update registration in state in which he resided as required by SORNA. United States v 
Johnson (2009, SD Miss) 652 FSupp 2d 720. 
In case in which defendant had been indicted on one count of failure to register or update his registration as sex 
offender as required by Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), in violation of 18 USCS§ 2250(a), 
he unsuccessfully moved to dismiss indictment by arguing that SORNA violated Tenth Amendment by requiring state 
officials to administer federal law; regulatory scheme enacted by Congress in SORNA did not command state officers 
or their political subdivisions to do anything. United States v Johnson (2009, SD Miss) 652 FSupp 2d 720. 
In case in which defendant had been indicted on one count of failure to register or update his registration as sex 
offender as required by Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), in violation of 18 USCS§ 2250(a), 
EFTA00726947
--- PAGE 18 ---
Page 18 
USCS § 2250 
he unsuccessfully moved to dismiss indictment by arguing that Congress impermissibly delegated to Attorney General 
decision as to whether SORNA should be applied retroactively; clearly, Congress laid down intelligible principal to 
Attorney General in 42 USCS § 16901 when it stated in Declaration of Purpose that in order to protect public from sex 
offenders and offenders against children, and in response to vicious attacks by violent predators against victims listed 
below, Congress in this Act establishes comprehensive national system for registration of those offenders. United States 
v Johnson (2009, SD Miss) 652 F Supp 2d 720. 
Criminal sex offender registration statute, 18 USCS § 2250(a), was constitutionally enacted within Congress' 
authority under U.S. Const. an. I, § 8, el. 3, because statute only applied to those sex offenders failing to register or 
update registration after traveling in interstate travel. United States v Pavulak (2009, DC Del) 672 FSupp 2d 622. 
Unpublished Opinions 
Unpublished: Defendant's due process argument was without merit because (I) he was aware of his duty to update 
his registration in New York; (2) he had received notice that, if he moved to another state, he might be required to 
register as sex offender there; (3) Kentucky law mandated he register as sex offender in Kentucky, which he failed to 
do; notwithstanding his failure to register, his prior knowledge of his duty to register under state law qualified as 
effective notice under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act. United States v Samuels (2009, CA6 Ky) 2009 
FED App 253N. 
Unpublished: Defendant's conviction under 18 USCS § 2250 did not violate Ex Post Facto Clause because statute 
punishes individual for traveling in interstate commerce and failing to register; statute does not punish individual for 
previously being convicted of sex crime. United States v Samuels (2009, CA6 Ky) 2009 FED App 253N. 
Unpublished: In case in which defendant argued that Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's registration 
and penalty provisions, 42 USCS § 16913 and 18 USCS § 2250, respectively, exceed Congress's authority under 
Commerce Clause, that challenge was foreclosed by Fifth Circuit's Whaley decision; requiring sex offenders to register 
both before and after they traveled in interstate commerce--which clearly facilitated monitoring those movements and 
which had minimal practical impact on intrastate sex offenders--was reasonably adapted to goal of ensuring that sex 
offenders register and update previous registrations when moving among jurisdictions. United States v Letourneau 
(2009, CAS Tex) 2009 US App LEXIS 17349. 
Unpublished: In case in which defendant had been convicted of failing to register as convicted sex offender in 
accordance with Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), he argued unsuccessfully that his 
conviction violated Due Process Clause because he never received notice of his duty to register under SORNA; while 
pre-registration form that defendant signed upon his release from prison was silent as to his duty to re-register in new 
state to which he moved, it explicitly stated that he was to inform Tennessee authorities in event any of his registration 
information, e.g., his address, changed; had he notified Tennessee authorities of his change in address after moving to 
Texas, requirement that he acknowledged receiving notice of, he would have been in compliance with SORNA. United 
States v Letourneau (2009, CA5 Tex) 2009 US App LEXIS 17349. 
Unpublished: In case in which defendant had been convicted of failing to register as convicted sex offender in 
accordance with Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), he argued unsuccessfully that SORNA 
violated non-delegation doctrine by improperly delegating legislative powers to Executive Branch by directing Attorney 
General to decide whether and how sex offender with conviction pre-dating SORNA would be subject to its 
requirements; that argument was foreclosed by United States Fifth Circuit precedent, which held that delegation to 
Attorney General to determine retroactive applicability of SORNA was well within limits of permissible delegation. 
United States v Letourneau (2009, CAS Tex) 2009 US App LEXIS 17349. 
Unpublished: Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act does not punish underlying sex offense but, rather, 
offender's subsequent registration violation following interstate travel and, therefore, does not run afoul of constitutional 
prohibition on after-the-fact increases in punishment. United States v Gibson (2009, CA10 Wyo) 2009 US App LEXIS 
22042. 
Unpublished: 18 USCS§ 2250(a)(2)(8) is proper exercise of federal legislative power under Commerce Clause; by 
requiring that sex offender travel in interstate commerce before finding registration violation, Sex Offender Registration 
and Notification Act remains well within constitutional boundaries of Commerce Clause. United States v Gibson (2009, 
CA10 Wyo) 2009 US App LEXIS 22042. 
Unpublished: Sex-offender lacked standing to assert argument that Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act 
EFTA00726948
--- PAGE 19 ---
Page 19 
USCS § 2250 
(SORNA) impermissibly burdened state, in violation of Tenth Amendment, by requiring it to register sex offenders 
before it had voluntarily implemented SORNA by incorporating all of SORNA's registration requirements into its own 
registration scheme; such argument concerned rights of state, not individuals. United States v Gibson (2009, CA10 Wyo) 
2009 US App LEXIS 22042. 
Unpublished: Fact that defendant's sex offense predated Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) 
did not preclude his prosecution for registration violation, particularly as violation occurred in connection with interstate 
travel following SORNA's passage. United States v Kueker (2009, C410) 2009 US App LEXIS 24100. 
Unpublished: There was no Ex Post Facto Clause violation, as Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act did 
not punish underlying sex offense but, rather, defendant's subsequent registration violation following interstate travel. 
United States v Kueker (2009, CA10) 2009 US App LEXIS 24100. 
Unpublished: Defendant lacked standing to assert his Tenth Amendment challenge to Sex Offender Registration 
and Notification Act, as such claim concerned rights of state, not individuals. United States v Kueker (2009, CA10) 
2009 US App LEXIS 24100. 
Unpublished: By requiring that sex offender travel in interstate commerce before finding registration violation, Sex 
Offender Registration and Notification Act remained well within constitutional boundaries of Commerce Clause. United 
States v Kueker (2009, C410) 2009 US App LEXIS 24100. 
Unpublished: Defendant's appeal from his conviction under 18 USCS§ 2250 for failing to register as sex offender 
as required by Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) was frivolous because SORNA did not violate 
Commerce Clause, Ex Post Facto Clause, Spending Clause, Eighth Amendment, Tenth Amendment, or federalism 
principles. United States v Davis (2009, C410 Okla) 2009 US App LEXIS 24191 
Unpublished: As for defendant's argument that registering as sex offender would have exposed him to prosecution 
for reentry of previously removed alien under 8 USCS§ 1326, court found no Fifth Amendment violation because 
defendant could not show that anything he would have been required to provide under Georgia's sex offender statute 
would have confronted him with substantial hazard of self-incrimination (there were no nationality, visa, or other 
immigration details required to be submitted); cases defendant cited in support of his Fifth Amendment argument were 
distinguishable because those cases imposed disclosure requirement largely designed to discover involvement in 
criminal activities, and Sex Offender Registration Notification Act was not designed to uncover criminal behavior, but 
was instead intended to protect public from sex offenders by tracking their interstate movement). United States v 
Simon-Marcos (2010, CA11 Ga) 2010 US App LEXIS 2319. 
Unpublished: Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS§§ 16901 et seq., had at least de 
minimis effect on interstate travel, because it involved travel of certain person across state lines; accordingly federal 
failure to register statute, 18 USCS § 2250(a) was proper exercise of congressional authority under Commerce Clause 
and Congress did not exceed scope of its authority under Commerce Clause in enacting SORNA and requirement that 
certain sex offenders register or update their registration. United States v Buxton (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 
76142 (criticized in United States v Deese (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 70677) and (criticized in United States 
v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 FSupp 2d 538). 
Unpublished: As Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., did not 
criminalize defendant's pre-SORNA conduct, but rather his or her post-SORNA failure to register, 18 USCS § 2250 did 
not constitute retroactive punishment prohibited by Ex Post Facto Clause. United States v Buxton (2007, WD Okla) 
2007 US Dig LEXIS 76142 (criticized in United States v Deese (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LENS 70677) and 
(criticized in United States v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 F Stepp 2d 538). 
3. Indictment 
Defendant's indictment under Adam Walsh Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act of 2006 (SORNA) had 
to be dismissed because SORNA did not have retroactive effect at time of indictment; interim regulation issued by 
Attorney General prior to indictment was not properly promulgated under 5 USCS§ 553, and comprehensive guidelines 
making SORNA retroactive were not effective until after defendant was indicted. United States v Utesch (2010, CA6 
Tenn) 596 F3d 302, 2010 FED App 59P. 
In case in which indictment charged defendant with one count under 18 USCS § 2250 of violating Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS§§ 16901-f16929, and defendant moved to dismiss for failure to 
state offense, indictment was sufficient; because defendant was charged with traveling in interstate commerce and 
EFTA00726949
--- PAGE 20 ---
Page 20 
USCS § 2250 
failing to register as he was required to do under SORNA, it was unnecessary for government to allege alternative 
means for conviction. United States v Dean (2009, MD Ala) 606 F Supp 2d 1331 
In case in which indictment charged defendant with one count under 18 USCS § 2250 of violating Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS§§ 16901-16929, and defendant moved to dismiss for failure to 
state offense, defendant unsuccessfully argued that indictment failed to allege specific subsection of statute failed; 
language of indictment clearly tracked language of § 2250(a) and specifically, (aX I ), (aX2)(B), and (a)(3); he had 
sufficient notice of charges against him. United States v Dean (2009, MD Ala) 606 FSupp 2d 1335. 
In case in which defendant had been indicted on one count of failure to register or update his registration as sex 
offender as required by Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), in violation of 18 USCS§ 2250(a), 
he unsuccessfully moved to dismiss indictment by arguing that Mississippi's current failure to implement SORNA 
precluded his prosecution; as resident of Mississippi and Iowa, defendant was required to register as sex offender prior 
to SORNA. United States v Johnson (2009, SD Miss) 652 FSupp 2d 720. 
In case in which defendant had been indicted on one count of failure to register or update his registration as sex 
offender as required by Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), in violation of 18 USCS§ 2250(a), 
he unsuccessfully moved to dismiss indictment by arguing that regulations issued by U.S. Attorney General violated 
Administrative Procedure Act; Congress specified that purpose of SORNA was to protect public and to create 
comprehensive national system for registering sex offenders, and it would have been contrary to public interest to 
require notice and comment period for Interim Rule issued by U.S. Attorney General. United States v Johnson (2009, 
SD Miss) 652 F Supp 2d 720. 
In case in which defendant had been indicted on one count of failure to register or update his registration as sex 
offender as required by Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), in violation of 18 USCS§ 2250(a), 
and defendant moved to dismiss indictment, he was correct that SORNA itself required jurisdictions to explain 
registration obligations to sex offenders and ensure they sign form acknowledging those obligations; however, while 
SORNA required officials to notify sex offenders, receipt of notice was not element of offense. United States v Johnson 
(2009, SD Miss) 652 F Supp 2d 720. 
5. Miscellaneous 
In case in which defendant appealed his 24-month sentence for violating 18 USCS§ 2250(a), he unsuccessfully 
argued that district court engaged in impermissible double-counting by using prior felony conviction to calculate his 
base offense level and criminal history category under U.S. Sentencing Guidelines; harm of his prior conviction for 
sexual assault on nine-year-old girl was not fully accounted for by either MSG § 2A3.5(a)(1) or USSG § 4A 1.1 alone, 
so no double-counting occurred. United States v Myers (2010, CA8 Neb) 598 F3d 474. 
In case in which defendant appealed his 24-month sentence for violating 18 USCS§ 2250(a), he unsuccessfully 
argued that district court engaged in impermissible double-counting by using prior felony conviction to calculate his 
base offense level and criminal history category under U.S. Sentencing Guidelines; even if double-counting occurred in 
case, it was permissible because U.S. Sentencing Commission intended result, and offense level and criminal history 
sections addressed different concerns; in determining defendant's sentence for failing to register as sex offender, USSG 
§ 2A 3.5(a)(1), was applied to increase his base offense level on account of nature of predicate felony of sexually 
assaulting nine-year-old, and that felony was also accounted for by application of USSG § 4A 1.1 in his criminal history 
points. United States v Myers (2010, CA8 Neb) 598 F3d 474. 
In case in which defendant appealed his 24 month sentence for violating 18 USCS § 2250(a), he unsuccessfully 
argued that USSG § 4A1.1 excluded his prior sentence from criminal history calculation because it was for conduct that 
was part of his offense of failing to register. His sexual assault of child in 1996 in Colorado was not part of same course 
of conduct or common scheme or plan as his act of failure to register as sex offender in 2008 in Nebraska. United States 
v Myers (2010, CA8 Neb) 598 F3d 474. 
EFTA00726950

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726951.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726951.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 
LexisNexis®
LEXSTAT 42 U.S.C. 16913 
UNITED STATES CODE SERVICE 
Copyright 
2010 Matthew Bender & Company, Inc. 
a member of the LexisNexis Group (TM) 
All rights reserved. 
••• CURRENT THROUGH PL 111.198, APPROVED 7/2/2010 ■** 
TITLE 42. THE PUBLIC HEALTH AND WELFARE 
CHAPTER 151. CHILD PROTECTION AND SAFETY 
SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION AND NOTIFICATION 
SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION AND NOTIFICATION 
Go to the United States Code Service Archive Directory 
USCS § 16913 
§ 16913. 
Registry requirements for sex offenders 
(a) In general. A sex offender shall register, and keep the registration current, in each jurisdiction where the offender 
resides, where the offender is an employee, and where the offender is a student. For initial registration purposes only, a 
sex offender shall also register in the jurisdiction in which convicted if such jurisdiction is different from the jurisdiction 
of residence. 
(b) Initial registration. The sex offender shall initially register--
(1) before completing a sentence of imprisonment with respect to the offense giving rise to the registration 
requirement; or 
(2) not later than 3 business days after being sentenced for that offense, if the sex offender is not sentenced to a term 
of imprisonment. 
(c) Keeping the registration current. A sex offender shall, not later than 3 business days after each change of name, 
residence, employment, or student status, appear in person in at least I jurisdiction involved pursuant to subsection (a) 
and inform that jurisdiction of all changes in the information required for that offender in the sex offender registry. That 
jurisdiction shall immediately provide that information to all other jurisdictions in which the offender is required to 
register. 
(d) Initial registration of sex offenders unable to comply with subsection (b). The Attorney General shall have the 
authority to specify the applicability of the requirements of this title to sex offenders convicted before the enactment of 
this Act [enacted July 27, 2006] or its implementation in a particular jurisdiction, and to prescribe rules for the 
registration of any such sex offenders and for other categories of sex offenders who are unable to comply with 
subsection (b). 
(e) State penalty for failure to comply. 
Each jurisdiction, other than a Federally recognized Indian tribe, shall provide 
a criminal penalty that includes a maximum term of imprisonment that is greater than 1 year for the failure of a sex 
offender to comply with the requirements of this title. 
HISTORY: 
(July 27, 2006, P.L. 109-248, Title I, Subtitle A, § 113, 120 Stat. 593.) 
EFTA00726951
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
USCS § 16913 
HISTORY; ANCILLARY LAWS AND DIRECTIVES 
References in text: 
"This title", referred to in this section, is Title I of Act July 27, 2006, P.L. 109-248, which appears generally as 42 
USCS§§ 16901 et seq. For full classification of such Title, consult USCS Tables volumes. 
NOTES: 
Research Guide: 
Annotations: 
Validity, Construction, and Application of Federal Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 
US.CA. §§ 16901 et seq. [42 USCS§§ 16901 et seq.], its Enforcement Provision, 18 US.CA § 2250 [18 USCS§ 
2250], and Associated Regulations. 30 ALR Fed 2d 213. 
Validity, Construction, and Application of State Statutes Imposing Criminal Penalties for Failure to Register as 
Required Under Sex Offender or Other Criminal Registration Statutes. 33 ALR6th 91. 
Application of Apprendi v. New Jersey, 530 U.S. 466, 120 S. Ct. 2348, 147 L. Ed. 2d 435 (2000), and Blakely v. 
Washington, 542 U.S. 296, 124 S. Ct. 2531, 159 L. Ed. 2d 403, 6 A.L.R. Fed. 2d 619 (2004), to Sex Offender 
Registration Statutes. 51 ALR6th 139. 
Interpretive Notes and Decisions: 
1. Generally 2. Constitutionality 3.—Ex post facto clause 4.--Commerce clause 5.--Non-delegation doctrine 6.—Tenth 
amendment 7. Relationship to other laws 8.-18 USCS § 22509.-State laws 10. Applicability 11.—Retroactive 
application 12. Construction 13. Notice of registration requirement 14. Procedural issues 15.--Indictment 16. 
Miscellaneous 
1. Generally 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's stated purpose and incentives for states to implement its 
registration requirements cut against the Government's position that 42 USCS § 16913 had a dual purpose. and in any 
event, Congress could not enact a statute that was intended to merely encourage state action and also establish 
affirmative obligations under federal law. United States v Nasci (2009, ND NY) 632 F Supp 2d 194. 
2. Constitutionality 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) did not compromise defendant's substantive due process 
rights by causing his name to be placed on sex offender registry without first providing him with opportunity to 
challenge his prior conviction; putative right of defendant, as sexual offender, to refuse to register under SORNA and to 
prevent publication was contested right at issue, and restrictions contained in SORNA were rationally related to 
Congress' legitimate goal in protecting public from recidivist sex offenders; moreover, state's publication of truthful 
information that was already available to public did not infringe fundamental constitutional rights of liberty and privacy; 
therefore, defendant's inability to challenge his conviction before publication did not violate substantive due process. 
United States v Amhert (2009, CA11 Fla) 561 F3d 120Z 21 FLU Fed C 1596. 
Defendant's motion, seeking to dismiss indictment that charged him with violating 18 USCS§ 2250(a) and sex 
offender registration requirements of Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Walsh Act), Pub. L. No. 
109-248 (2006), was denied: (I) Walsh Act was constitutional on its face; (2) registration requirements, which were set 
out in 42 USCS§ 16913, Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), which was part of Walsh Act, 
applied retroactively to defendant, even though he was convicted of second degree sexual abuse offense under N Y. 
Penal Law § 130.60 before July 27, 2006, which was date Walsh Act was enacted; and (3) defendant's prosecution 
under 18 USCS § 2250(a) for violating Walsh Act did not raise U.S. Const. art. 1, § 9, et 3, Ex Post Facto Clause 
concerns because defendant was notified, at time of his conviction, that he would have to register in any new domicile if 
EFTA00726952
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
USCS § 16913 
he moved from New York, and it did not matter that notice was provided to him in compliance with state law rather 
than pursuant to SORNA. United States v Madera (2007, MD Fla) 474 FSupp 2d 1257 (criticized in United States v 
Smith (2007, ED Mich) 481 FSupp 2d 846) and (criticized in United States v Muzio (2007, ED Mo) 2007 US Dist 
LEXIS 54330) and (criticized in United States v Cole (2007, SD III) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 68522). 
Defendant was not entitled to dismissal of his indictment under 18 USCS § 2250 and 42 USCS§ 16913 for failing 
to register as sex offender when he crossed state lines because both statutes were constitutional; 18 USCS § 2250 was 
proper exercise of congressional power under Commerce Clause because Congress has broad federal power to regulate 
persons who cross state boundaries and, while 42 USCS § 16913 exceeded Congress's power under Commerce Clause, 
that statute was valid under Necessary and Proper Clause, U.S. Const an. I, § 8, el 18, because it was appropriate and 
reasonably adapted means by Congress to attain legitimate end of 18 USCS§ 2250. United States v Thomas (2008, ND 
Iowa) 534 F Supp 2d 912. 
Because registration provision of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS § 16913, was 
reasonably adapted to meet congressional purpose of monitoring sex offenders who transgressed state lines, it was 
authorized by Necessary and Proper Clause, U.S. Const. art I, § 8, el 18. United States v Vardaro (2008, DC Mont) 
575 FSupp 2d 1179. 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's (SORNA) fatal flaw is that Congress exceeded its power under 
Commerce Clause when it created federal duty for all sex offenders to update their registration pursuant to 42 USCS§ 
16913; specifically, Congress may not require sex offenders convicted of state sex offenses and who do not travel in 
interstate commerce to update their sex offender registration after changing their name, address, employment, or student 
status; duty to register as sex offender pursuant to § 16913 is predicate for conviction under § 2250(a), and therefore, 
constitutional defect of § 16913 taints § 2250(a). United States v Hall (2008, ND NY) 577 F Stipp 2d 610, request den, 
on reconsideration (2008, ND NY) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 98343 and (criticized in United States v Lamere (2008, ND N19 
2008 US DLst LEXIS 101116). 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS § 16913, could not be sustained under Commerce Clause 
because § 16913 did not regulate activity that was economic in nature and sex offender's duty to update his registration 
after changing his address, employment, or student status while remaining within state had too tenuous connection to 
substantial effect upon interstate commerce; Necessary and Proper Clause, U.S. Coast. art I, § 8, cl. 18, did not salvage 
constitutionality of § 16913 because § 16913 was not reasonably adapted means to achieve constitutional objective. 
United States v Guzman (2008, ND NY) 582 F Supp 2d 305 (criticized in United States v Howell (2009, CA8 Iowa) 
2009 US App LEXIS 541). 
USCS§ 16913, Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's (SORNA) registration provision, is reasonably 
adapted to meet congressional purpose of monitoring sex offenders who travel across state lines and is authorized by 
Necessary and Proper Clause, U.S. Const. art. I, § 8, a 18; therefore, 42 USCS § 16913 is not unconstitutional. United 
States v Pena (2008, WD Tex) 582 FSupp 2d 851 (criticized in United States v Myers (2008, SD Fla) 21 FLW Fed D 
473). 
District court treated 42 USCS § 16913 (registration provision) and 18 USCS § 2250 (criminal enforcement 
provision) as interrelated components of larger whole of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) 
sufficient to overcome any deficiencies when viewing 42 USCS § 16913 in isolation; when considering SORNA as 
whole, it was clear that statute did not punish sex offenders for intrastate failure to register, but that federal government 
gained criminal jurisdiction only when person required to register under SORNA traveled in interstate commerce; 
because § 16813 was reasonably adapted to meet congressional purpose of monitoring sex offenders who traveled 
across state lines--like defendant who traveled from Colorado to Texas--and was authorized by Necessary and Proper 
Clause, U.S. Const. art. 1, § 8, cl. 18, it was not unconstitutional. United States v Pena (2008, WD Ter) 582 F Supp 2d 
851 (criticized in United States v Myers (2008, SD Fla) 21 FLIP' Fed D 473). 
USCS § 16913 is constitutional under Congress's authority to use necessary and proper means to further its 
Commerce Clause power because it is necessary part of more general regulation of interstate commerce. United States v 
Hernandez (2009, ED Mich) 615 FSupp 2d 601. 
Defendant's motion to dismiss indictment charging him with failure to register as sex offender, violation of 18 
USCS§ 2250(a), on ground that Sexual Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA) violated Due Process Clause 
of United States Constitution was denied because (I) failure of South Dakota to implement or update its registration in 
accordance with SORNA did not relieve defendant of his duty to register with state, and fact that Crow Creek Sioux 
EFTA00726953
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
USCS § 16913 
Tribe had no sex offender registry program did not relieve defendant of duty to register with state; (2) defendant knew 
of registration requirements that South Dakota imposed on sex offenders so he was deemed to have sufficient notice 
regarding registration requirements of SORNA; and (3) notification and verification provisions contained in SORNA 
under 42 USCS § 16913(c), were not ambiguous. United States v Voice (2009, DC SD) 621 F Supp 2d 741. 
Indictment charging defendant with one count of traveling in interstate commerce and thereafter knowingly failing 
to register and update his sex offender registration in violation of 18 USCS § 2250(a) was dismissed because 42 USCS § 
16913 unconstitutionally established a federal obligation for sex offenders to update their registration regardless of 
whether they remain in-state or were convicted of a purely local sex offense, and as a result, any conviction under 18 
USCS a 2250(a) was likewise unconstitutional because a defendant's obligation to register pursuant to § 16913 was a 
predicate for conviction. United States v Nasci (2009, ND NY) 632 F Supp 2d 194. 
Defendant was not entitled to dismissal of his charge for failure to register as sex offender under 18 USCS a 2250 
because he was registered under Cal. Penal Code § 290 upon release from prison but failed to register when he travelled 
to Nevada and 42 USCS a§ 16913(a) and 16917 did not violate his Fifth Amendment Due Process Clause rights 
regardless whether Nevada had implemented compliant registration system; also, SORNA did not violate Commerce 
Clause, Ex Post Facto Clause, Tenth Amendment, or Privileges and Immunities Clause right to travel. United States v 
Benevento (2009, DC Nev) 633 F Sapp 2d 1170. 
Civil sex offender registration statute, 42 USCS a 16913, was constitutionally enacted within Congress' authority 
under U.S. Const. art 1, a 8, a 18, because requiring sex offenders to register before and after they traveled in interstate 
travel was reasonably adapted to goal of ensuring that they register and update registrations when moving among 
jurisdictions. United States v Pavulak (2009, DC Del) 672 F Stipp 2d 622. 
3.—Ex post facto clause 
From time period spanning from Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act 's enactment in July 2006 up to 
date defendant finally registered as sex offender in Oklahoma as required by state and federal law on January 24, 2007, 
defendant continued to travel in interstate commerce daily between Oklahoma and Arkansas for work purposes; 
therefore, he violated Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's registration requirements as outlined in 42 USCS 
§ 16913(a) and (c) by failing to keep his registration current in Oklahoma after change of residence or employment, and 
Ex Post Facto Clause did not bar punishment. United States v Hinckley (2008, CA10 Okla) 550 F3d 926. 
Application of 18 USCS § 2250 violated Ex Post Facto Clause, U.S. Const. art. I, § 9, as to one defendant who was 
convicted of sex offense before passage of Act and who was not given reasonable time to register after Act became 
applicable to defendant pursuant to 42 USCS § 16913 and 28 CFR § 72.3; defendant was charged with failing to register 
within about five weeks after § 72.3 was issued; however, there was no ex post facto violation as to second defendant 
who had still failed to register nearly five months after § 72.3 was issued. United States v Dixon (2008, CA7 Ind) 551 
F3d 578. 
Court of appeals rejected defendant's argument that Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) 
violated Ex Post Facto Clause, U.S. Const. art. 1, § 9, a 3, on grounds that statute allegedly imposed on him retroactive 
duty to register as sex offender and enhanced punishment for his 1974 California conviction for crimes against children, 
because superseding indictment charged not only that defendant failed to register as sex offender after effective date of 
United States Attorney General's retroactivity determination (that SORNA's registration requirements applied to all 
offenders, like defendant, who were convicted before July 27, 2006), but also that defendant performed every action 
necessary for prosecution—i.e., failing to register as required and traveling in interstate travel--after effective date of 
Attorney General's retroactivity determination. United States v Amhert (2009, CA11 Fla) 561 F3d 1202, 21 FLW Fed C 
1596. 
In a case in which defendant challenged the constitutionality of the federal Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901.16991, and its corresponding criminal offense statute, 18 USCS a 2250, 
he unsuccessfully argued that SORNA violated the Ex Post Facto Clause because SORNA increased the punishment for 
failure to register and punished him for conduct that occurred before SORNA was applicable to him; since SORNA did 
not punish an individual for previously being convicted of a sex offense, but it instead merely punished an individual for 
traveling in interstate commerce and failing to register, it did not violate the Er Post Facto Clause. United States v 
Zuniga (2009, CA8 Neh) 579 F3d 845. 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's registration requirements are valid exercise of congressional 
commerce power, and do not violate Ex Post Facto Clause of Constitution. United States v George (2009, CA9 Wash) 
EFTA00726954
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
USCS § 16913 
579 F3d 962. 
Because defendant traveled in interstate commerce and knowingly failed to update his sex offender registry after 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's requirements in 42 USCS § 16913(c) were made applicable to all sex 
offenders, his actions were not legal when he committed them; thus, his incarceration did not violate Ex Post Facto 
Clause, U.S. Const. art. I, § 9, d. 3. United States v Young (2009, CAS Ter) 585 F3d 199. 
Because defendant traveled in interstate commerce and knowingly failed to update his sex offender registry after 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's requirements in 42 USCS § 16913(c) were made applicable to all sex 
offenders under decision of Attorney General as provided in 42 USCS § 16913(d), his actions were not legal when he 
committed them; thus, his conviction and incarceration under 18 USCS § 2250(a) did not violate Ex Post Facto Clause, 
U.S. Const. art. I, § 9, cl. 3. United States v Young (2009, CAS Tex) 585 F3d 199. 
As Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS§§ 16901 et seq., did not criminalize 
defendant's pre-SORNA conduct, but rather his or her post-SORNA failure to register, 18 USCS § 2250 did not 
constitute retroactive punishment prohibited by Ex Post Facto Clause. United States v Buxton (2007, WD Okla) 2007 
US Dist LEXIS 76142 (criticized in United States v Deese (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LENS 70677) and (criticized 
in United States v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 F Supp 2d 538). 
Because Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's (SORNA), 42 USCS§§ 16901 et seq., stated purpose was 
non-punitive and effects of law did not negate Congressional intention to establish civil regulatory scheme, Ex Post 
Facto Clause did not entitle defendant to relief from indictment for violation of SORNA. United States v Buxton (2007, 
WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 76142 (criticized in United States v Deese (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 
70677) and (criticized in United States v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 F Supp 2d 538). 
Where defendant, who was convicted of criminal sexual conduct prior to enactment of Sex Offender Registration 
and Notification Act (SORNA), traveled in interstate commerce before SORNA was made applicable to him by 28 
C.F.R. § 72.3 and failed to register as sex offender as required by 42 USCS § 16913(c), defendant could not be found 
guilty of violating 18 USCS § 2250(a) because finding defendant guilty would have required retroactive application of 
SORNA and would have resulted in enhanced punishment in violation of Ex Post Facto Clause, U.S. Const. art. I, § 9, 
cl. 3. United States v Stinson (2007, SD W lea) 507 F Supp 2d 560. 
No ex post facto violation arose from retroactive application of 42 USCS § 16913(b),(c) part of Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act's (SORNA) sex offender registration requirements, to defendant, as provided for by 
C.F.R. § 72.3, because he was already required to register as sex offender in North Dakota and government was 
seeking to hold him liable for his conduct in failing to register as sex offender after SORNA was enacted and 28 C.F.R. 
§ 72.3 was promulgated. United States v Lovejoy (2007, DC ND) 516 F Supp 2d 1032. 
USCS § 16913, registration regime of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), has not 
historically been regarded as punishment, does not impose affirmative disability or restraint, does not promote 
traditional aims of punishments, has rational connection to nonpunitive purpose, and is not excessive with respect to 
nonpunitive purpose; therefore, SORNA did not violate Er Post Facto Clause of U.S. Constitution. United States v 
Samuels (2008, ED Ky) 543 F Supp 2d 669 (criticized in United States v Howell (2008, ND lowa) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 
7810). 
Although defendant contended that indictment violated Ex Post Facto Clause because Sex Offender Registration 
and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS § 16913, did not apply to him until after allegedly criminal acts took place, 
court found that SORNA imposed general obligation on sex offenders to register on date of SORNA's enactment, July 
27, 2006, and did not carve out prior sex offenders from that obligation or delegate determination of whether 
registration requirement applied to them to Attorney General; defendant had obligation, therefore, to register as of 
SORNA's enactment in 2006, and because all of defendant's actions alleged in indictment occurred after that date, his ex 
post facto argument failed. United States v Ditomasso (2008, DC RI) 552 F Supp 2d 233. 
Because defendant, who was already registered and convicted sex offender, was required to register since day of 
enactment of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., his indictment 
under SORNA did not violate Ex Post Facto Clause, U.S. Const. art. I, § 9, cL 3. United States v Torres (2008, WD Tex) 
573 FSupp 2d 925. 
Indictment pertained to defendant's failure to keep his registration current under 42 USCS§ 16913(a), (c) and did 
not seek to punish him for his behavior prior to enactment of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 
EFTA00726955
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
USCS § 16913 
USCS §§ 16901 et seq.; thus, 18 USCS§ 2250's proscription against violating SORNA was not ex post facto 
violation. United States v Gagnon (2008, DC Me) 574 F Supp 2d 172. 
Because Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., was enacted before 
sex offender traveled from New York to Tennessee, Ex Post Facto Clause was not violated; furthermore, SORNA did 
not violate Ex Post Facto Clause because it was not penal in nature. United States v Hann (2008, MD Tenn) 574 FSupp 
2d 827. 
Defendant's motion to dismiss indictment charging him with failure to register as sex offender, violation of 18 
USCS§ 2250(a), on ground that Sexual Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA) violated Ex Post Facto Clause 
of United States Constitution was denied because SORNA worked prospectively, did not retroactively increase 
defendant's punishment, and was civil and non-punitive regulatory scheme; thus, SORNA did not violate Ex Post Facto 
Clause. United States v Voice (2009, DC SD) 621 FSupp 2d 741. 
Last two elements of defendant's alleged Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 
16901 et seq., violation did not occur until after SORNA was made applicable to defendant on February 28, 2007--date 
the Attorney General issued the interim rule making SORNA applicable to pre-SORNA sex offenders—thus, as applied 
to defendant, SORNA did not violate the Er Post Facto Clause. United States v Talada (2009, SD W Va) 631 F Supp 2d 
797. 
Because defendant was charged with violating 18 USCS § 2250(a) for conduct that occurred after Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS§§ 16901-16991, was enacted, there was no ex post facto 
violation. United States v Banter (2009, ND N)) 635 FSupp 2d 138. 
Unpublished Opinions 
Unpublished: As Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS§§ 16901 et seq., did not 
criminalize defendant's pre-SORNA conduct, but rather his or her post-SORNA failure to register, 18 USCS § 2250 did 
not constitute retroactive punishment prohibited by Er Post Facto Clause. United States v Buxton (2007, WD Okla) 
2007 US Dist LEXIS 76142 (criticized in United States v Deese (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 70677) and 
(criticized in United States v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 FSupp 2d 538). 
Unpublished: Because Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., 
stated purpose was non-punitive and effects of law did not negate Congressional intention to establish civil regulatory 
scheme, Ex Post Facto Clause did not entitle defendant to relief from indictment for violation of SORNA. United States 
v Buxton (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 76142 (criticized in United States v Deese (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US 
Dist LEXIS 70677) and (criticized in United States v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 F Supp 2d 538). 
4.—Commerce clause 
Defendant's argument that Sex Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA) and its failure to register 
provisions, 18 USCS§ 2250, violated Commerce Clause because they exceeded authority granted to U.S. Congress to 
regulate interstate commerce, failed; specifically, he claimed that his conduct was purely intrastate because it concerned 
only his failure to register, which had no effect on interstate commerce; however, sex offenders were, pursuant to 42 
USCS§ 16913(a), required to register, and to keep registration current, in each jurisdiction where offender resided, 
where offender was employee, and there offender was student, and whether such activity had substantial effect on 
interstate commerce was irrelevant because U.S. Congress had authority to regulate this type of activity; Congress could 
regulate interstate commerce to extent of forbidding and punishing use of such commerce as agency to promote 
immorality, dishonesty, or spread of any evil or harm to people of other states from state of origin, and SORNA clearly 
intended to regulate evasion of sex offender registration requirements by sex offenders who had crossed jurisdictional 
lines. United States v Laurance (2008, CA10 Okla) 548 F3d 1329. 
USCS§ 16913 is constitutionally authorized under Commerce Clause and Necessary and Proper Clause, U.S. 
Const. art. 1, § 8, a 18; covering registration of wholly intrastate sex offenders is merely incidental to Congress's 
tracking of sex offenders in interstate commerce. United States v Howell (2009, O48 Iowa) 552 F3d 709. 
USCS§ 16913 did not violate Commerce Clause, U.S. Const. art. 1, § 8, a 3, because provision was reasonably 
adapted to attainment of legitimate end under Commerce Clause, as required by Necessary and Proper Clause, U.S. 
Const. art. I, § 8, ci 18: requirement that sex offenders register under 42 USCS § 16193 was necessary to track those 
offenders who moved from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. United States v Ambert (2009, CA11 Fla) 561 F3d 120Z 21 
EFTA00726956
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 7 
USCS § 16913 
FLW Fed C 1596. 
Requiring defendant to register as a sex offender before and after interstate travel--which clearly facilitated 
monitoring with a minimal practical impact--was reasonably adapted to ensure that sex offenders registered and updated 
previous registrations when moving, thus, defendant's conviction under 18 USCS § 2250(a) for failing to register under 
USCS § 16913(a) did not violate the Commerce Clause. United States v Whaley (2009, CA5 Tex) 577 F3d 254. 
In a case in which defendant challenged the constitutionality of the federal Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901.16991, and its corresponding criminal offense statute, 18 USCS§ 2250, 
he unsuccessfully argued that SORNA violated the violated the Commerce Clause because it did not establish a nexus 
to interstate commerce; SORNA derived its authority from each prong of the Lopez test--and most specifically, the 
ability to regulate persons or things in interstate commerce and the use of the channels of interstate commerce; 
therefore, SORNA provided a sufficient nexus to interstate commerce. United States v Zuniga (2009, CA8 Neb) 579 
F3d 845. 
To extent that 42 USCS § 16913 regulates solely intrastate activity, its means are reasonably adapted to attainment 
of legitimate end under commerce power, and are therefore proper. United States v Guzman (2010, CA2 NY) 591 F3d 
83. 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., had at least de minimis 
effect on interstate travel, because it involved travel of certain person across state lines; accordingly federal failure to 
register statute, 18 USCS § 2250(a) was proper exercise of congressional authority under Commerce Clause and 
Congress did not exceed scope of its authority under Commerce Clause in enacting SORNA and requirement that 
certain sex offenders register or update their registration. United States v Buxton (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 
76142 (criticized in United States v Deese (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 70677) and (criticized in United States 
v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 FSupp 2d 538). 
Defendant's Commerce Clause challenge to sex offender registration requirements set out in 42 USCS § 16913 was 
rejected because no federal court has found that Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act violates Commerce 
Clause. United States v Lovejoy (2007, DC ND) 516 FSupp 2d 1032. 
Registration requirements of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), which were incorporated 
into 18 USCS § 2250(a)(1), were unconstitutional under Commerce Clause because SORNA constituted criminal statute 
that had nothing to do with commerce or economic enterprise; statute was not essential part of larger regulation of 
economic activity, in which regulatory scheme could have been undercut unless intrastate activity was regulated; it was 
not, therefore, regulation of activities that arose out of or were connected with commercial transaction, which viewed in 
aggregate, substantially affected interstate commerce. United States v Powers (2008, MD Fla) 544 F Stipp 2d 1331, 21 
FLW Fed D 215. 
USCS § 16913, Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's (SORNA) registration provision, was 
permissible under Commerce Clause, U.S. Const. art I, § 8, cl. 3, because, when considering SORNA as whole, it was 
clear that statute did not punish sex offenders for intrastate failure to register, as federal government gained criminal 
jurisdiction only when person required to register under SORNA traveled in interstate commerce. United States v 
Vardaro (2008, DC Mont) 575 FSupp 2d 1179. 
Defendant's facial challenge to 42 USCS § 16913(a) failed because he did not establish that no set of circumstances 
existed under which § 16913(a) would be valid under Commerce Clause, U.S. Const. art. I, § 8, cl. 3; based upon 
rejection of defendant's Commerce Clause challenge to 18 USCS § 2250(a), district court concluded that 42 USCS § 
16913(a) could be validly applied to him, given that defendant was alleged to have traveled in interstate commerce. 
United States v Vardaro (2008, DC Mont) 575 FSupp 2d 1179. 
Defendant who traveled in interstate without updating his sex offender registration was permitted to assert 
Commerce Clause challenge to Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS § 16913, because defendant 
alleged that § 16913 was unconstitutional in its entirety as applied to all sex offenders. United States v Guzman (2008, 
ND A1)7 582 FSupp 2d 305 (criticized in United States v Howell (2009, CA8 Iowa) 2009 US App LEXIS 541). 
USCS § 16913 was unconstitutional in that Congress lacked power to enact it under Commerce Clause, U.S. 
Const. art. I, § 8; § 16913 transgressed entirely limits set on Congress by Commerce Clause because it did not involve 
commerce or any sort of economic activity; nothing linked registration of sex offenders with interstate commerce. 
United States v Myers (2008, SD Fla) 591 F Stipp 2d 1312, 21 FLW Fed D 473 (criticized in United States v Howell 
EFTA00726957
--- PAGE 8 ---
Page 8 
USCS § 16913 
(2009, CA8 Iowa) 552 F3d 709) and (criticized in United States v Romeo (2009, ND NY) 2009 US Dist LEXIS 3522) 
and (criticized in United States v Hardeman (2009, ND Ca!) 2009 US Dist LEXIS 7561). 
Court denied defendant's motion to dismiss indictment charging him with failure to register as sex offender, 
violation of 18 USCS§ 2250(a), on ground that Sexual Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA) violated 
Commerce Clause, U.S. Const art I, § 8, a 3, because Congress set out two jurisdictional prerequisites, one of which 
had to be satisfied, in order for SORNA to apply, and those prerequisites, commission of federal sex offense or traveling 
to different state, foreign country, or Indian country, had significant enough connection with interstate commerce to 
bring SORNA within purview of Commerce Clause; thus, SORNA did not violate Commerce Clause. United States v 
Voice (2009, DC SD) 621 F Supp 2d 741. 
Argument that the regulation of sex offenders' intrastate activity was necessary to effectively monitor sex offenders' 
travel across state lines did not persuasively demonstrate that the statute was a proper exercise of Congress's power 
under the Commerce Clause, as that argument was belied by Congress's decision to limit the criminal enforcement 
statute to sex offenders who failed to register after traveling in interstate commerce; if, as the Government contended, 
Congress had both the need and the constitutional capability to impose a federal obligation for sex offenders to update 
their registry regardless of whether they remained in-state or were convicted of a purely local sex offense, it would have 
logically followed that Congress would have extended 18 USCS § 2250(a) to cover all sex offenders. United States v 
Nasci (2009, ND NY) 632 F Supp 2d 194. 
USCS § 16913 does not exceed Congress' power under Commerce Clause. United States v Barner (2009, ND 
NY) 635 FSupp 2d 138. 
USCS § 16913 falls within Congress' authority under Necessary and Proper Clause and Commerce Clause, U.S. 
Const. art. I. § 8, cl. 3, because requiring sex offenders to register before and after they travel in interstate travel is 
reasonably adapted to goal of ensuring that sex offenders register and update previous registrations when moving 
among jurisdictions. United States v Jamison (2009, DC Del) 647 FSupp 2d 381. 
Unpublished Opinions 
Unpublished: In case in which defendant argued that Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's registration 
and penalty provisions, 42 USCS § 16913 and 18 USCS § 2250, respectively, exceed Congress's authority under 
Commerce Clause, that challenge was foreclosed by Fifth Circuit's Whaley decision; requiring sex offenders to register 
both before and after they traveled in interstate commerce--which clearly facilitated monitoring those movements and 
which had minimal practical impact on intrastate sex offenders--was reasonably adapted to goal of ensuring that sex 
offenders register and update previous registrations when moving among jurisdictions. United States v Letourneau 
(2009, CA5 Ter) 2009 US App LEXIS 17349. 
Unpublished: Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS§§ 16901 et seq., had at least de 
minimis effect on interstate travel, because it involved travel of certain person across state lines; accordingly federal 
failure to register statute, 18 USCS § 2250(a) was proper exercise of congressional authority under Commerce Clause 
and Congress did not exceed scope of its authority under Commerce Clause in enacting SORNA and requirement that 
certain sex offenders register or update their registration. United States v Burton (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 
76142 (criticized in United States v Deese (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 70677) and (criticized in United States 
v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 F Stipp 2d 538). 
5.—Non-delegation doctrine 
Congress did not improperly delegate its legislative authority in violation of U.S. Const. art. I, § 1 by allowing 
United States Attorney General to determine retroactive application of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act 
(SORNA) pursuant to 42 USCS§ 16913(d) because, by setting forth broad policy goal of protecting public and seeking 
"comprehensive" national registry in 42 USCS§ 16901, Congress suggested that Attorney General require pre-2006 
sexual offenders to register to extent that he determined that it contributed to protection of public and 
comprehensiveness of national sex offender registry; Congress also made virtually every legislative determination in 
enacting SORNA which, when read in pari materia with 42 USCS§ 16913(d), informed delegation to Attorney General 
in sufficiently clear way; Attorney General was left only with discretion to determine whether SORNA applied to 
particular, capped class of offenders--i.e.; those convicted prior to July 27, 2006; thus, Congress unambiguously 
delineated its general policy, public agency which was to apply it, and boundaries of delegated authority. United States 
v Ambert (2009, CA11 Fla) 561 F3d 1202, 21 FLW Fed C 1596. 
EFTA00726958
--- PAGE 9 ---
Page 9 
USCS § 16913 
Even if, as argued by defendant, 42 USCS§ 16913(d) delegated overly broad authority to the Attorney General to 
determine the retroactive applicability of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), it would be 
permissible under the nondelegation doctrine because SORNA's statement of purpose in 42 USCS § 16901 was an 
intelligible principle that guided the Attorney General's discretion. United States v Whaley (2009, CAS Tex) 577 F3d 
254. 
In a case in which defendant challenged the constitutionality of the federal Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901.16991, and its corresponding criminal offense statute, 18 USCS§ 2250, 
he argued that SORNA violated the non-delegation doctrine because Congress improperly delegated authority to 
legislate the scope of SORNA to the Attorney General; because defendant was able to register pursuant to SORNA but 
failed to do so, 42 USCS§ 16913(d) did not apply to him and he lacked standing to bring a challenge to that section. 
United States v Zuniga (2009, CA8 Neb) 579 F3d 845. 
Under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, Pub. L. 109-248, §§ 1.155, 120 Stat. 587, 590-611 (2006), 
Attorney General has only been given power to promulgate regulations under most limited of circumstances; delegation 
of such authority is not so broad as to be violative of non-delegation doctrine. United States v Hinen (2007, WD lea) 487 
F Supp 2d 747. 
Fact that Congress granted U.S. Attorney General power to promulgate regulations to ensure registration of 
convicted sex offenders outside purview of statutory language of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act 
(SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., did not violate non-delegation doctrine, U.S. Const. art. I, § I, by allowing 
Attorney General to decide if SORNA had retroactive application; rather, statutory language was indicative of 
gap-filling provision to ensure that statutory purpose clearly and explicitly set forth in 42 USCS§ 16901 was effectuated 
when sex offenders fell outside purview of 42 USCS § 16913(b). United States v Mason (2007, MD Fla) 510 F Supp 2d 
923 (criticized in United States v Muzio (2007, ED Mo) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 54330) and (criticized in United States v 
Cole (2007, SD Ill) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 68522) and (criticized in United States v Gill (2007, DC Utah) 520 F Supp 2d 
1341) and (criticized in United States v Mantia (2007, WD La) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 96018) and (criticized in United 
States v Howell (2008, ND Iowa) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 7810). 
Defendant's constitutional facial challenge to Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) was 
rejected; 42 USCS§ 16913(d), which gives U.S. Attorney General authority to promulgate rules as to applicability of 
SORNA, does not violate U.S. Const. art. I, § 1, non-delegation clause, and Attorney General acted within his valid 
authority in promulgating 28 C.F.R. § 72.3, which provides that registration requirements of SORNA apply to all sex 
offenders, including sex offenders convicted prior to SORNA's enactment who were required to register as sex 
offenders under state law. United States v Lovejoy (2007, DC ND) 516 F Supp 2d 1032. 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS§ 16913(d), which delegates to United States 
Attorney General authority to determine applicability of SORNA to particular categories of sex offenders, does not 
contravene nondelegation doctrine; Congress appropriately placed Attorney General in advisory role and provided 
Attorney General with intelligible principle to use in drafting required regulations. United States v Shenandoah (2008, 
MD Pa) 572 F Supp 2d 566. 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., does not violate non-delegation 
principle which allows for separation of powers in federal government. United States v Torres (2008, WD Ter) 573 F 
Supp 2d 925. 
USCS § 16913(d) does not offend principles of non-delegation doctrine. United States v Hann (2008, MD Tenn) 
574 FSupp 2d 827. 
Unpublished Opinions 
Unpublished: In case in which defendant had been convicted of failing to register as convicted sex offender in 
accordance with Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), he argued unsuccessfully that SORNA 
violated non-delegation doctrine by improperly delegating legislative powers to Executive Branch by directing Attorney 
General to decide whether and how sex offender with conviction pre-dating SORNA would be subject to its 
requirements; that argument was foreclosed by United States Fifth Circuit precedent, which held that delegation to 
Attorney General to determine retroactive applicability of SORNA was well within limits of permissible delegation. 
United States v Letourneau (2009, CAS Tex) 2009 US App LEXIS 17349. 
6.--Tenth amendment 
EFTA00726959
--- PAGE 10 ---
Page 10 
USCS § 16913 
In a case in which defendant challenged the constitutionality of the federal Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901.16991, and its corresponding criminal offense statute, 18 USCS§ 2250, 
he lacked standing to argue that SORNA violated the Tenth Amendment; private party did not have standing to assert 
that the federal government was encroaching on state sovereignty in violation of the Tenth Amendment absent the 
involvement of a state or its instrumentalities, and defendant was challenging SORNA in his individual capacity; he did 
not assert the involvement of a state or its instrumentalities. United States v Zuniga (2009, CA8 Neb) 579 F3d 845. 
Defendant's Tenth Amendment challenge to registration requirements of Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), specifically, 42 USCS§§ 16913, 16924, and 16925(d), failed because defendant was 
required to register as sex offender in Michigan, and then, upon moving to Montana, he was required to register as sex 
offender under Montana law, Mont. Code Ann. §§ 46-23-502(9)410) and 46.23-504(c); because SORNA did not 
require state officials who operated Montana sex offender registry to do anything that they were not already required to 
do under Montana law, defendant did not have valid Tenth Amendment claim. United States v Vardaro (2008, DC 
Mont) 575 F Supp 2d 1179. 
7. Relationship to other laws 
Regulations promulgated by U.S. Attorney General pursuant to Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act 
(SORNA), 42 USCS § 16913(d), did not violate Administrative Procedure Act, 5 USCS § 553, as "good cause" 
exception to notice and comment period requirement applied; Attorney General stated that regulations were enacted 
without notice or comment in order to prevent delay in implementation that could have jeopardized safety of public and 
thwarted purposes of SORNA. United States v Shenandoah (2008, MD Pa) 572 FSupp 2d 566. 
8.-18 USCS § 2250 
Defendant, who was convicted of sex offense before enactment of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act 
(SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901-16991, was properly charged under 18 USCS § 2250(a) with failing to register as sex 
offender as required by SORNA; 42 USCS § 16913(b) and (d) concerned only initial registration and did not apply to 
defendant, so it was not necessary for U.S. Attorney General to have designated SORNA's applicability to past 
offenders in order for defendant to be subject to 18 USCS § 2250(a). United States v May (2008, CA8 Iowa) 535 F3d 
912. 
Defendant's 18 USCS § 2250 conviction for failing to register pursuant to Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act was proper because, after interpreting 42 USCS § 16913(d), court determined that sex offenders who 
failed to register during "gap period" between Act's enactment and U.S. Attorney General's Interim Rule violated 
registration requirements of § 16913(a). United States v Hinckley (2008, O110 Okla) 550 F3d 926. 
Defendant was properly convicted of failing to register as sex offender under 18 USCS§ 2250 because his 
obligation to register arose on date of retroactivity determination by Attorney General under 42 USCS§ 16913, 
defendant had three days to fulfill his duty, and he failed to do so after traveling in interstate commerce; fact that 
defendant's travel occurred prior to retroactivity determination did not preclude prosecution and did not violate EX Post 
Facto Clause. United States v Dumont (2009, CA11 Fla) 21 FL W Fed C 1401. 
USCS § 16913 and 18 USCS § 2250(a) must be analyzed together. When analyzed together, jurisdictional 
requirement of interstate travel applicable to criminal prosecution brings registration requirements set forth in 42 USCS 
§ 16913 under umbrella of Commerce Clause. United States v Hann (2008, MD Tenn) 574 F Supp 2d 827. 
Indictment of defendant for failing to register as sex offender, pursuant to requirements of 18 USCS§ 2250(a) was 
upheld, as statute, interpreted in conjunction with 42 USCS§ 16913, did not violate Commerce Clause, and despite 
predicate offenses being expunged. United States v Hardeman (2009, ND Cal) 598 F Supp 2d 1040. 
9.—State laws 
District court properly denied defendant's motion to dismiss indictment charging him under 18 USCS§ 2250 for 
failing to register as sex offender under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS§ 16913, 
because defendant had received notice of state law registration requirements under Cal. Penal Code § 290(b) (2009); 
defendant cited no authority for his argument that lack of 42 USCS § 16917 notice was defense to prosecution under 18 
USCS§ 2250(a); and there was no reason to believe that SORNA notice provision was intended to dilute effect of state 
notice requirements, given stated congressional intent in 42 USCS § 16901 to protect public by establishing 
comprehensive national system for registration of sex offenders. United States v Baccam (2009, CA8 Ark) 562 F3d 
1197. 
EFTA00726960
--- PAGE 11 ---
Page I I 
USCS § 16913 
Section I I3(a) (42 USCS§ 16913(a)) of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 
16901 et seq., and 18 USCS § 2250, requirements to register and maintain registration are not expressly conditioned on 
State's implementation of Act. United States v Gould (2009, C44 Md) 568 F3d 459. 
Nothing in Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) or its guidelines indicates that jurisdiction's 
failure to comply with SORNA relieves offenders of obligation to register in that jurisdiction; therefore, defendant's 
arguments were rejected that he was unable to register under SORNA or that SORNA did not apply to him because 
neither New York nor Pennsylvania had implemented law. United States v Shenandoah (2010, CA3 Pa) 595 F3d 151. 
Defendant's conviction for failure to register under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 18 
USCS§ 2250, did not violate Due Process Clause because defendant was required to register under SORNA regardless 
of whether SORNA's administrative requirements had been implemented by Colorado, where he was convicted of 
predicate sex offense, or Texas, where he was arrested and tried, and defendant was not convicted of failing to do 
impossible because (I) there was sufficient evidence that defendant knowingly failed to register as sex offender because 
he had requisite notice of that duty under Colorado law; (2) nothing in SORNA's statutory scheme indicated that 
individual's registration obligations were contingent upon state's implementation of SORNA's administrative 
requirements; (3) defendant acknowledged on three occasions his duty to register as sex offender upon moving to new 
jurisdiction; and (4) both Colorado and Texas had sex offender registry. United States v Heth (2010, CAS Tex) 596 F3d 
255. 
Defendant's due process rights were not violated by retroactive application of 42 USCS § 16913(b),(c), Sex 
Offender Registration and Notification Act's (SORNA) sex offender registration requirements, to him, as provided for 
by 28 C.F.R. § 72.3, because defendant was already required to register as sex offender in North Dakota, he was 
responsible for keeping abreast of changes in law that affected him, and government was seeking to hold him liable for 
his conduct in failing to register as sex offender after SORNA was enacted and 28 C.F.R. § 72.3 was promulgated. 
United States v Lovejoy (2007, DC ND) 516 F Supp 2d 1032. 
Defendant argued he was not required to register under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 
USCS §§ 16901 et seq., as Maryland had not implemented it; although obligations imposed under SORNA differed 
from those under Maryland law, defendant had duty to register his name and address with state authorities and 
Maryland's failure to implement SORNA did not preclude defendant's prosecution. United States v Gould (2007, DC 
Md) 526 F Supp 2d 538 (criticized in United States v Howell (2008, ND Iowa) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 7810,1. 
State's failure to implement Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) had no bearing on 
defendant's free-standing duty under 42 USCS § 16913(a) and 18 USCS § 2250 to register, and keep registration current 
in each jurisdiction where he resided United States v Crum (2008, WD Wash) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 83563 (criticized in 
United States v Myers (2008, SD Fla) 591 F Supp 2d 1312, 21 FLW Fed D 473). 
Because defendant was able to comply with New York state's initial registration requirements, 42 USCS § 16913(d) 
and 28 CFR § 72 did not apply to him. United States v Samuels (2008, ED KI) 543 F Supp 2d 669 (criticized in United 
States v Howell (2008, ND Iowa) 2008 US Dist LEXIS 7810). 
Defendant's due process rights were not violated because he was required to register as sex offender under 42 USCS 
§ 16813(a), despite Texas' failure to implement Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 
16901 et seq.; every state, including Texas, had system for registration of sex offenders; defendant had allegedly been 
able to comply with his obligations under SORNA, and did so initially register upon release for his prior conviction; 
fact that Texas had failed to fully implement state component of SORNA did not obviate his obligation to register as 
required by individual component. United States v Torres (2008, WD Tex) 573 F Supp 2d 925. 
USCS § 2250(a) applied to any person who was required to register under Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA) and SORNA applied to person who was "sex offender," defined as individual who was 
convicted of sex offense and definition of "sex offense" included criminal offense that had element involving sexual act 
or sexual contact with another, pursuant to 42 USCS§ 16911(1), (5)(A)(i); by virtue of his conviction of second degree 
sexual assault, defendant fit within statutory definition of sex offender, and straightforward reading of language of 42 
USCS§ I6913(a) suggested that, since he was required to register in Rhode Island and Maine, jurisdictions where he 
was residing, he was also required by SORNA to do so; therefore, by failing to so register, indictment properly alleged 
that defendant violated SORNA, and thus, court rejected defendant's allegation that indictment was defective since it 
failed to allege that either state of Maine or state of Rhode Island implemented SORNA. United States v Stevens (2008, 
DC Me) 578 F Supp 2d 172. 
EFTA00726961
--- PAGE 12 ---
Page 12 
USCS § 16913 
Because duty to register as sex offender pursuant to 42 USCS § 16913 is predicate for conviction under 18 USCS § 
2250(a), constitutional defect of § 16913 under Commerce Clause renders § 2250(a) unenforceable. United States v 
Guzman (2008, ND NY) 582 F Supp 2d 305 (criticized in United States v Howell (2009, CA8 lowa) 2009 US App LEXIS 
541). 
Fact that New York and Indiana had yet to update their registries and procedures to conform with Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS§§ 16901-16991, had no bearing on defendant's obligation to 
register as sex offender. United States v Barter (2009, ND NY) 635 F Supp 2d 138. 
Defendant did not establish that Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS §§ 16901-16991, 
compelled New York or Indiana to make changes to their registries; therefore, defendant's Tenth Amendment challenge 
failed. United States v Banter (2009, ND NY) 635 FSupp 2d 138. 
Unpublished Opinions 
Unpublished: Defendant argued that 42 USCS§ 16913(d) suggested that because Missouri had not incorporated its 
requirements, Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) did not apply to him; however, caselaw held § 
16913(d) did apply to offenders, such as defendant, who were required by state law to register before SORNA was 
enacted. United States v Foster (2009, CA8 Mo) 2009 US App LENS 25830. 
10. Applicability 
Though defendant argued that application of Sex Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA), 18 USCS§ 
2250, to his conduct constituted due process violation, specifically because he contended that SORNA did not apply to 
him until promulgation of U.S. Attorney General's Interim Rule and that he was afforded no statutory notification of 
SORNA's registration requirements, defendant knew of his obligation to register under state law and Jacob Wetterling 
Act, 42 USCS§ 14071, and that he was required to keep his registration current; moreover, 42 USCS§ 16913(d) merely 
clarified SORNA's applicability to offenders in defendant's position-with or without rule, SORNA was applicable to 
such offenders from its enactment date onward; furthermore, notice of defendant's obligations under state law was 
sufficient to satisfy Due Process Clause's requirements; because defendant was arrested post-SORNA, and even 
post-Interim Rule, it was presumed that he was familiar with law. United States v Lawrance (2008, CA10 Okla) 548 
F3d 1329. 
Because Sexual Offenders Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), explicitly required Attorney General (A.G.) 
to specify applicability of Act to persons convicted prior to effective date of SORNA, and because A. G. did not 
promulgate regulation making that determination in compliance with Administrative Procedure Act, defendant was not 
subject to SORNA's requirements during period indicated in indictment and his motion to dismiss indictment should 
have been granted. United States v Cain (2009, CA6 Ohio) 583 F3d 408, 2009 FED App 361P. 
Unpublished Opinions 
Unpublished: Defendant was not subject to Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's (SORNA) criminal 
sanctions during period alleged in indictment because (I) SORNA did not apply to defendant unless United States 
Attorney General promulgated valid regulation that subjected defendant to SORNA's registration requirements during 
period covered by his indictment; (2) defendant's indictment charged failure to register from October 26, 2006, through 
March 20, 2007; and (3) in prior action, court held that Attorney General's regulation was not effective against 
defendant because his indictment covered period ending on March 28, 2007, less than thirty days after promulgation of 
regulation, and month before close of comment period. United States v Doshak (2009, CA6 Ohio) 2009 FED App 
835N. 
11.—Retroactive application 
Because defendant's indictment under 18 USCS§ 2250 concerned his failure to register as sex offender during gap 
period between enactment of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act and Attorney General's retroactivity 
determination under 42 USCS§ 16913(d), defendant could not be prosecuted for violating Act. United States v Madera 
(2008, CA11 Fla) 528 F3d 852, 21 FLI V Fed C 745. 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's (SORNA) registration requirements did not apply to pre-SORNA 
offenders until Attorney General issued interim rule on February 28, 2007. United States v Hatcher (2008, CA4 Va) 560 
F3d 222. 
EFTA00726962
--- PAGE 13 ---
Page 13 
USCS § 16913 
Because defendants' indictments were based on conduct that pre-dated Attorney General's interim rule specifying 
that Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act's (SORNA) registration requirements applied to pre-SORNA 
offenders, defendants' convictions were reversed, and sentences imposed in connection with those convictions were 
vacated. United States v Hatcher (2008, C-44 Va) 560 F3d 222. 
In a case in which defendant challenged the constitutionality of the federal Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901.16991, and its corresponding criminal offense statute, 18 USCS§ 2250, 
he unsuccessfully argued that SORNA was inapplicable to him because his travel in interstate commerce occurred 
before the Attorney General issued an interim ruling designating the applicability of SORNA to offenders convicted 
before SORNA's date of the enactment; defendant, who traveled in interstate commerce after SORNA's enactment but 
before the Attorney General issued its interim rule, was in the same position as was the defendant in the May decision; 
therefore, like the defendant in the May decision, defendant in the present case was already obligated to register under 
SORNA, and the interim rule did not affect that obligation. United States v Zuniga (2009, CA8 Neb) 579 F3d 841 
Defendant's indictment under Adam Walsh Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act of 2006 (SORNA) had 
to be dismissed because SORNA did not have retroactive effect at time of indictment; interim regulation issued by 
Attorney General prior to indictment was not properly promulgated under 5 USCS§ 553, and comprehensive guidelines 
making SORNA retroactive were not effective until after defendant was indicted. United States v Utesch (2010, CA6 
Tenn) 596 F3d 302, 2010 FED App 59P. 
Charges that defendants had violated 18 USCS§ 2250 by failing to update their sex-offender registrations had to be 
dismissed because defendants were under no obligation to register, pursuant to 42 USCS § 16913, part of Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), at time of their indictments in November and December of 2006; § 
16913(d) requires U.S. Attorney General to animate SORNA's provisions to previously convicted offenders, and 
Attorney General did not issue rule stating that SORNA applied retrospectively until after defendants were indicted. 
United States v Kapp (2007, MD Pa) 487 F Supp 2d 536. 
12. Construction 
Use of word "other" to modify phrase "categories of sex offenders who are unable to comply with subsection (d)" 
indicates that offenders convicted prior to enactment of Sex Offender Registration arid Notification Act are one of 
categories of offenders unable to comply with subsection (b) of 42 USCS § 16913. United States v Hinckley (2008, 
CAI0 Okla) 550 F3d 926. 
Violation of sex offender registration requirement of 42 USCS § 16913 as prohibited in 18 USCS § 2250, is 
continuing offense. United States v George (2009, CA9 Wash) 579 F3d 962. 
Congress has not abrogated its legislative authority, in violation of U.S. Const. art. 1, § 1, non-delegation doctrine, 
by giving U.S. Attorney General discretion, in 42 USCS§ 16913(d), to specify whether sex offender registration 
requirements of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, which is part of Adam Walsh Child Protection and 
Safety Act of 2006 (Walsh Act), Pub. L. No. 109-248 (2006), should apply retroactively to sex offenders who were 
convicted before date that Walsh Act was enacted; in granting that discretionary authority, Congress has merely placed 
Attorney General in advisory role to courts, which are authorized to make determination as to Walsh Act's retroactive 
effect. United States v Madera (2007, MD Fla) 474 F Supp 2d 1257 (criticized in United States v Smith (2007, ED 
Mich) 481 F Sapp 2d 846) and (criticized in United States v Muzio (2007, ED Mo) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 54330) and 
(criticized in United States v Cole (2007, SD 111) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 68522). 
USCS § 16913 and 18 USCS § 2250 should be treated as interrelated components of larger whole of Sex 
Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) sufficient to overcome any deficiencies when viewing 42 USCS § 
16913 in isolation; when considering SORNA as whole, it is abundantly clear that SORNA does not punish sex 
offenders for intrastate failure to register; person who has never traveled outside his birth state can never be federal 
felon under SORNA; federal government gains criminal jurisdiction only when person required to register under 
SORNA travels in interstate commerce. United States v Pena (2008, WD Tex) 582 F Supp 2d 851 (criticized in United 
States v Myers (2008, SD Fla) 21 FLW Fed D 473). 
Registration and notification requirements of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 
USCS§§ 16901 et seq., were not so punitive in effect or intent to negate Congress' intent to make the Act civil; 
therefore, SORNA was a civil regime that was not subject to an ex post facto analysis. United States v Talada (2009, SD 
W Va) 631 FSupp 2d 797. 
EFTA00726963
--- PAGE 14 ---
Page 14 
USCS § 16913 
Sex offenders are required to register under the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS §§ 16901 
et seq., prior to the implementation of the comprehensive regulatory system in their state. United States v Talada (2009, 
SD W Va) 631 F Supp 2d 797. 
13. Notice of registration requirement 
Defendant was required to register as sex offender in Texas; additionally, defendant was required to register in 
Oklahoma once he relocated to Oklahoma, both under Oklahoma law, as well as pursuant to Jacob Wetterling Act of 
1994; thus, defendant was on notice of registration requirement, and due process did not entitle him to additional notice 
that failure to register would violate third law, Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS §§ 16901 et 
seq. United States v Buxton (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 76142 (criticized in United States v Deese (2007, 
WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 70677) and (criticized in United States v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 F Supp 2d 538). 
District court overruled defendant's motion to dismiss indictment charging him with violating 18 USCS § 2250(a) 
by failing to register as sex offender, as required by § 113 of Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS 
§ 16913; Congress did not exceed its authority under Commerce Clause, U.S. Const art I, § 8, cl. 3, when it enacted § 
2250(a), and fact that federal authorities had not provided notice required by 42 USCS § 16917 was not defense to 
prosecution under § 2250(a) because state authorities had informed defendant of his obligation to register as sex 
offender under state law. United States v Trent (2008, SD Ohio) 568 F Supp 2d 857. 
Notice of sex offender's state duty to register under state law does carry over to his duty to register under Sex 
Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq; therefore, Due Process Clause is not 
violated by lack of notice or fair warning. United States v Hann (2008, MD Tenn) 574 F Supp 2d 827. 
Because, pursuant to 42 USCS § 16912(a), Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) requires 
registration and updates with registries of other jurisdictions, one can know about duty to register which SORNA 
imposes while being unaware of SORNA itself. United States v Torres (2008, WD Tex) 599 F Supp 2d 767. 
Unpublished Opinions 
Unpublished: Defendant's due process argument was without merit because (I) he was aware of his duty to update 
his registration in New York; (2) he had received notice that, if he moved to another state, he might be required to 
register as sex offender there; (3) Kentucky law mandated he register as sex offender in Kentucky, which he failed to 
do; notwithstanding his failure to register, his prior knowledge of his duty to register under state law qualified as 
effective notice under Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act. United States v Samuels (2009, CA6 Ky) 2009 
FED App 253N. 
Unpublished: In case in which defendant had been convicted of failing to register as convicted sex offender in 
accordance with Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), he argued unsuccessfully that his 
conviction violated Due Process Clause because he never received notice of his duty to register under SORNA; while 
pre-registration form that defendant signed upon his release from prison was silent as to his duty to re-register in new 
state to which he moved, it explicitly stated that he was to inform Tennessee authorities in event any of his registration 
information, e.g., his address, changed; had he notified Tennessee authorities of his change in address after moving to 
Texas, requirement that he acknowledged receiving notice of, he would have been in compliance with SORNA. United 
States v Letourneau (2009, CA5 Tex) 2009 US App LEX1S 17349. 
Unpublished: Defendant was required to register as sex offender in Texas; additionally, defendant was required to 
register in Oklahoma once he relocated to Oklahoma, both under Oklahoma law, as well as pursuant to Jacob Wetterling 
Act of 1994; thus, defendant was on notice of registration requirement, and due process did not entitle him to additional 
notice that failure to register would violate third law, Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS §§ 
16901 et seq. United States v Burton (2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 76142 (criticized in United States v Deese 
(2007, WD Okla) 2007 US Dist LEXIS 70677) and (criticized in United States v Gould (2007, DC Md) 526 F Supp 2d 
538). 
14. Procedural issues 
Because defendant, who pleaded guilty under 18 USCS§ 2250(a) to failing to register as sex offender, was not 
unable to comply with initial registration requirements under 42 USCS § 16913(b) defendant lacked standing to claim 
that delegation of authority to U.S. Attorney General to determine SORNA's retroactive effect was impermissible under 
U.S. Const. art. 1, § 1; defendant also lacked standing to claim that Attorney General's interim order regarding 
EFTA00726964
--- PAGE 15 ---
Page 15 
USCS § 16913 
application of SORNA violated notice and comment requirements under 5 USCS§ 553(d) of Administrative Procedure 
Act. United States v Hacker (2009, CA8 Neb) 565 F3d 522. 
Defendant lacked standing challenge constitutionality of 42 USCS§ 16913(d) because specific language of this 
provision did not apply to defendant, who was already registered as sex offender under state law at time Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., was enacted. United States v Torres (2008, WD Ter) 573 
FSupp 2d 925. 
Defendant's motion to dismiss indictment charging him with failure to register as sex offender, violation of 18 
USCS§ 2250(a), on ground that Sexual Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA) violated non-delegation 
doctrine was denied because defendant was able to register before SORNA's enactment, and thus, he lacked standing to 
raise question of delegation of authority to Attorney General. United States v Voice (2009, DC SD) 621 FSupp 2d 741. 
15.—Indictment 
Defendant's indictment charging him with failure to register as sex offender under 18 USCS § 2250 was sufficient 
under Fed. R. Cram. P. 7 in that each essential element was alleged and his Due Process Clause rights were not violated 
in that he was given proper notice under 42 USCS §§ 16913 and 16917 and requirements of Sex Offender Registration 
and Notification Act turned on his previous military sex offense convictions, for which he was afforded procedural 
safeguards to contest. United States v Santana (2008, WD Tex) 584 F Supp 2d 941. 
In case in which indictment charged defendant with one count under 18 USCS § 2250 of violating Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS§§ 16901-16929, and defendant moved to dismiss for failure to 
state offense, indictment was sufficient; because defendant was charged with traveling in interstate commerce and 
failing to register as he was required to do under SORNA, it was unnecessary for government to allege alternative 
means for conviction. United States v Dean (2009, MD Ala) 606 F Supp 2d 1335. 
16. Miscellaneous 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) did not violate defendant's procedural due process rights 
by causing his name to be placed on sex offender registry without first providing him with hearing to assess risk of 
recidivism and current dangerousness; fact that defendant sought to prove that he was neither dangerous nor likely to be 
repeat offender was of no moment under SORNA, because reporting requirements turned on his conviction alone--fact 
that defendant had procedurally safeguarded opportunity to contest; accordingly, his procedural due process challenge 
to statute was rejected on appeal. United States v Amber! (2009, CA I I Fla) 561 F3d 1202, 21 FLW Fed C 1596. 
As special condition of supervised release, district court properly ordered defendant, convicted sex offender who 
was being sentenced for being felon who possessed firearm, to register as sex offender pursuant to Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act, 42 USCS § 16913(a), and Florida Sexual Predators Act, Fla. Stat. § 9410435, as well 
as to submit to reasonable searches. United States v Moran (2009, CA I I Fla) 573 F3d 1132, 21 FLW Fed C 1993. 
Because defendant was already registered sex offender when Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act 
(SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq, was enacted, SORNA only required defendant to keep his registration current on 
and after July 26, 2006; allegations in indictment pertained to defendant's failure to do so, pursuant to 42 USCS§ 
16913(a), (c); initial registration requirements discussed in 42 USCS§ 16913(b), (d), did not pertain to defendant. 
United States v Gagnon (2008, DC Me) 574 F Supp 2d 172. 
Defendant, who was convicted of sex offense under Uniform Code of Military Justice, was sex offender who was 
required to register under 42 USCS § 16511(5) in all jurisdictions where he lived or was employee, and was required to 
keep his registration current under 42 USCS§ 16913(b)-(d); because defendant signed form acknowledging that he 
knew that he must register and update his registration and did not do so, he knowingly failed to register or update his 
registration; thus, defendant was guilty of violating SORNA's criminal provision, 18 USCS§ 2250, beyond reasonable 
doubt. United States v Torres (2008, WD Tex) 599 F Supp 2d 767. 
Requiring the immediate registration of sex offenders served the important purposes identified by the Attorney 
General, so the Attorney General demonstrated good cause for foregoing the 30-day waiting period and even if 
defendant was unaware of the law, his ignorance would not excuse him of his requirement to register under Sex 
Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 USCS §§ 16901 et seq., because at the very minimum he 
knew, or was presumed to know, he was required to register as a sex offender under West Virginia State law; therefore, 
defendant's due process rights were not violated by the Attorney General's failure to promulgate notification rules. 
United States v Talada (2009, SD W Va) 631 F Supp 2d 797. 
EFTA00726965
--- PAGE 16 ---
Page 16 
USCS § 16913 
Unpublished Opinions 
Unpublished: Defendant committed violation of 18 USCS § 2250 because he was convicted of sex offense prior to 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), traveled interstate in gap period between SORNA's 
enactment on July 27, 2006, and United States Attorney General's retroactivity determination on February 28, 2007, and 
failed to register as of his arrest on May 9, 2007, which was more than three business days after his obligation to 
register in accordance with 42 USCS 16913(c) arose following attorney general's ruling. United States v Cardenas 
(2009, CA11 Fla) 2009 US App LENS 8389. 
EFTA00726966

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726967.pdf
----------------------------------------
Susman godfrey 
a registered limited liaMGty partnership 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10065-8404 
FAX 
HOU/Stern. Texas 77002.5096 
Dallas, Texas 75162-3,75 
Los Angeles, California goo67.6o2g 
Seattle, Washingtongazoa-3000 
Stephen D. Susman 
Direct Dial Fax 
Direct Dial 
E-Mail 
DRAFT 
December 8, 2009 
VIA E-MAIL 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
457 Madison Avenue, 4'h Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Re: 
D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. 
Dear Jeffrey: 
This Agreement describes the terms and conditions of the relationship between 
you as client and us as lawyers. Susman Godfrey L.L.P. ("SG", "we", or "us") 
(which includes any successor to the partnership of SG) will represent Financial 
Trust Company, Inc., Jeepers, Inc., and Jeffrey Epstein ("Client" or "you") in 
connection with all claims you have against Daniel Zwim, D.B. Zwim Special 
Opportunities Fund, L.P. ("Fund"), D.B. Zwirn Partners, LLC, D.B. Zwim & Co., 
L.P., Zwirn Holdings, LLC, Glenn Dubin, Highbridge Capital Management, 
Dubin & Swieca Asset Management, and any of their successors or predecessors 
in interest for damages arising out of your investments in the Fund (all such 
claims are collectively referred to as "Claims"). If this Agreement is acceptable 
to you, please sign and return an executed copy to me. We must receive an 
executed copy of this Agreement and any applicable cost deposit before we can 
begin this representation. 
996471A/011585 
EFTA00726967
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
December 8, 2009 
Page 2 
SCOPE OF ENGAGEMENT 
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, we will represent 
Client on the Claims described above. Unless specifically requested by 
you and agreed to in writing by us, you agree that we do not represent you 
in any other legal matter. You also agree that we do not represent persons 
or entities related to Client such as corporate officers, parents, subsidiaries 
or affiliates unless a separate written engagement agreement exists setting 
forth the scope, terms and conditions of that separate representation. 
CONTINGENT FEE 
We will receive five percent (5%) of the gross sum recovered by you on 
all amounts up to and including $60 million. In addition, we will receive 
twenty-five percent (25%) of the gross sum recovered by you on all 
amounts in excess of $60 million. The term "gross sum recovered" means 
all money or other things of value, including the value of any business 
accommodation recovered by you whether by settlement, judgment, or 
payment of your capital account in the Fund, including any attorney's fees 
awarded by the court or arbitrator(s), without deducting any costs or 
expenses of litigation. 
You authorize us to require that any settlement check or distribution 
payment from the Fund be made payable jointly to you and us or, 
alternatively, that any payment be made by electronic transfer to our trust 
account. You also agree that you will endorse any such settlement or 
distribution check and will allow us to cash the same and make payment to 
you of your portion of the recovery from the proceeds or, in the case of an 
electronic transfer, from our trust account. The contingent fee percentages 
and other compensation terms set forth in this Agreement are not set by 
law but were negotiated between Client and SG. 
NONCASH SETTLEMENTS 
If the Claims are settled in whole or in part by your receipt of anything of 
value other than cash, we shall be entitled to demand and receive, at our 
option: (a) payment for all time at normal hourly rates in effect at the time 
of settlement; (b) payment in cash, under the preceding paragraph on 
Contingent Fee, of our applicable contingent percentage of (i) the present 
value of any noncash consideration plus (ii) any cash received upon 
settlement; or (c) an undivided interest in any property received by you, 
equal to our applicable contingent percentage as identified in the 
preceding paragraph on Contingent Fee, plus payment of our applicable 
contingent percentage of any cash received as a result of settlement. 
99647M/011585 
EFTA00726968
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
December 8, 2009 
Page 3 
EXPENSES 
Client agrees to pay all costs and expenses of litigation monthly. Charges 
for certain types of in-house expenses are contained in Exhibit A. 
Payment is due within thirty (30) days of your receipt of each bill from us. 
When your case requires the services of a court reporter, experts, hotels or 
other outside vendors, you agree to contract with them directly and to 
inform them that they are to look to you, not us, for payment. If they 
nonetheless send us the bill, we will forward these bills to you for payment 
directly to the vendor. We are not responsible for paying invoices for you. 
Please be sure to pay vendors' bills promptly because slow payment may 
interfere with our ability to arrange for these necessary services on your 
behalf and late payment may subject you to additional charges. 
COST DEPOSIT 
Client also agrees, upon execution of this Agreement, to pay to SG an 
initial cost deposit of $25,000 to cover certain necessary expenses of 
litigation, such as travel, telephone, messenger service and photocopying, 
that we may advance on Client's behalf, plus any hourly attorney's fees 
Client may be required by this Agreement to pay. We will place these 
funds in an interest-bearing trust account. The cost deposit will be applied 
to our final statement for expenses, or, in our discretion, to a past due 
monthly expense statement. Client is obligated to maintain the cost 
deposit at its initial amount. Upon the termination of our services, we will 
promptly refund the balance, less payment of any fees or expenses unpaid 
as of the date of our final bill. 
A. 
Our agreement to provide legal representation in this matter is 
conditioned upon payment and maintenance of the requested cost 
deposit. 
B. 
We retain the discretion to request a supplemental cost deposit, 
over and above the cost deposit required prior to our 
commencement of the engagement, in the event of an increase in 
our anticipated expenses during the course of litigation, especially 
as trial or arbitration approaches. You agree to provide such a 
required supplemental cost deposit within thirty (30) days of our 
request. 
NONPAYMENT 
By your execution of this Agreement, you agree that we are relieved from 
the responsibility of performing any further work should you fail to pay 
99647M/011585 
EFTA00726969
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
December 8, 2009 
Page 4 
any monthly statement for expenses (including bills for expenses received 
from third parties), or for supplemental cost deposits, within thirty (30) 
days of receipt of such statements. In such event, you agree that we may 
move to withdraw as your counsel in any case where we have made an 
appearance on your behalf, and that you will promptly execute any 
withdrawal motions or other documents required to accomplish this. To 
the extent we exercise our right to withdraw because of nonpayment, you 
agree that we have the right to receive from you both the full value of our 
time (as measured by our hourly billing rates in effect at the time when the 
services were provided) and our unpaid expenses from any recovery you 
may receive in the future on the Claims. Upon withdrawal, we will 
cooperate with you in transferring the file to you or your other selected 
counsel, subject to the other terms of this Agreement. As an alternative to 
exercising our right to withdraw for nonpayment, you agree that we have 
the option to increase each of our contingent fee percentages by five 
percent (5%). 
LIEN 
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you hereby grant us a lien on 
any and all Claims. Our lien will be for any sums owing to us at the 
conclusion of our services for any attorney's fees and unreimbursed 
expenses we advanced or incurred on your behalf. The lien will attach to 
any recovery you obtain, whether by arbitration award, judgment, 
settlement or otherwise. You further agree that we have the right to notify 
defending parties and other, interested third parties of our lien and the 
right to enforce this lien through any valid mechanism. 
ESTIMATES 
You understand that any estimates provided by us of the magnitude of the 
expenses that may be required at certain stages of any litigation are not 
precise, and that the kinds and amounts of expenses required are 
ultimately a function of many conditions over which we have little or no 
control, particularly the extent to which the opposition files pretrial 
motions and engages in its own discovery. 
OWNERSHIP OF THE CLAIMS 
You hereby warrant that you are the sole owner of the Claims. You shall 
not assign or otherwise create any lien against the Claims subject to this 
Agreement. 
99647M/011585 
EFTA00726970
--- PAGE 5 ---
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
December 8, 2009 
Page 5 
TERMINATING THIS REPRESENTATION 
Subject to limitations on withdrawal imposed by an applicable code 
governing lawyer's conduct, we may withdraw from representing you for 
any reason recognized in such a code, including but not limited to any of 
the grounds described in this section. Subject to the terms of this 
Agreement, you may discharge us for any reason at any time. 
A. 
Should you abandon any litigation asserting the Claims, should 
your conduct seriously prejudice the prospects of successful 
prosecution of such litigation (including, but not limited to, a 
change in your ownership or the filing of a bankruptcy proceeding 
involving you or your company), should your failure either to 
disclose material facts or accurately to describe such facts 
seriously prejudice the continued prosecution of such litigation, or 
should you materially breach this Agreement, then we shall have 
the right to withdraw from this representation. To the extent we 
exercise our right to withdraw under this paragraph A, you agree 
that we have the right to receive from you the full value of our time 
(as measured by our hourly billing rates in effect at the time when 
the services were provided) and all unreimbursed expenses we 
advanced or incurred on your behalf. 
B. 
(1) You shall have the sole and exclusive right to accept or reject 
any offers for settlement of the Claims. 
In making that 
determination, you shall weigh fully our opinions concerning 
whether a settlement proposal represents a fair and reasonable 
basis for the disposition of the Claims. 
(2) In an unusual situation, you may decide to withhold your 
consent to a settlement, notwithstanding our opinion that the 
settlement offer is the best offer likely to be received and that 
rejecting the settlement and risking a trial or similar proceeding 
would pose a substantial adverse risk to you of no recovery or a 
materially smaller recovery. In such circumstances, we have the 
right to withdraw from your representation, so long as time 
remaining before trial allows your retention of other counsel. 
(3) To the extent we exercise our right to withdraw from this 
representation under this paragraph B, you agree that we have the 
right, at our option, to receive immediately from any recovery on 
the Claims you may receive following our withdrawal either (i) the 
full value of our time (as measured by our hourly billing rates in 
effect at the time when the services were provided) and all 
99647M/011585 
EFTA00726971
--- PAGE 6 ---
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
December 8, 2009 
Page 6 
unreimbursed expenses we advanced or incurred on your behalf or 
(ii) the amount of our contingent fees and all unreimbursed 
expenses we advanced or incurred on your behalf as set out in the 
preceding paragraphs on Contingent Fee and Expenses and that we 
would have earned if you had accepted the recommended offer less 
only the reasonable portion of that fee that might be charged by 
your successor counsel as measured by the amount of work that 
such counsel reasonably expends in completing this matter and the 
relative amount of risk that your successor counsel necessarily 
assumed. 
C. 
Should it become our opinion at any time that your Claims lack 
merit (for example, because of inability to verify your claims 
through witnesses, because of adverse developments in the law or 
because of a materially adverse change in the financial condition of 
the defendant), then we shall have the option to withdraw from this 
representation and be relieved of any obligation to participate in 
any pending litigation involving the Claims. If that happens, you 
shall be liable only to us only for unreimbursed expenses we have 
advanced or incurred on your behalf, payable when and if you 
continue to pursue Claims and obtain a recovery sufficient to pay 
such expenses. 
D. 
In the event we file any motion to withdraw under paragraphs A-C 
above, you agree to execute all documents necessary to facilitate 
our withdrawal, such as documents necessary to obtain the court's 
approval of the withdrawal. Upon withdrawal, we will cooperate 
with you in transferring the file to you or your other selected 
counsel, subject to the other terms of this Agreement. 
E. 
You agree that, should you exercise your right to discharge us, we 
have, at our option, the right to receive immediately from any 
recovery on the Claims you may receive following our discharge 
either (i) the full value of our time (as measured by our hourly 
billing rates in effect at the time when the services were provided) 
and all unreimbursed expenses we advanced or incurred on your 
behalf or (ii) compensation in the amount of our contingent fees 
and all unreimbursed expenses we advanced or incurred on your 
behalf as set out in the preceding paragraphs on Contingent Fee 
and Expenses and that we would have earned if we had completed 
this matter, less only the reasonable portion of that fee that might 
be charged by your successor counsel as measured by the amount 
of work that such counsel reasonably expends in completing this 
99647M/011585 
EFTA00726972
--- PAGE 7 ---
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
December 8, 2009 
Page 7 
matter and the relative amount of risk that your successor counsel 
necessarily assumed. 
F. 
To the extent we exercise our right to withdraw for any reason 
provided for in this Agreement or you exercise your right to 
discharge us, you agree that we have the right to secure any 
payment obligations owed to us under this Agreement through any 
valid mechanism including, where applicable, a lien on any future 
settlement, judgment, or other recovery, and the right to notify 
defending parties and your successor counsel of our lien. You 
specifically understand and agree that the amount that you may be 
required to pay successor counsel shall not (except as otherwise 
provided here) diminish or otherwise adversely affect our right to 
recover our fees and expenses as agreed to here. 
ASSOCIATION OF COCOUNSEL 
You understand that we may, at our expense, contract with other attorneys 
for the performance of certain work and that we may pay part of the fees 
we receive under this Agreement to such attorneys for the services 
rendered by them. In that event, we will seek your agreement to the 
engagement of such other attorneys and to the division of fees between us 
and them, and you agree that such consent will not be unreasonably 
withheld. 
EXCLUDED CLAIMS 
Filing of litigation on your behalf may subject you to cross-claims, 
counterclaims, third-party claims and other such claims filed in the same 
or another action. You understand that this Agreement shall not cover the 
defense of any claims, counterclaims or cross-claims asserted against you 
in any litigation involving the Claims or in any other case. Should any 
such claims be filed against you, the parties hereto shall discuss and 
attempt to negotiate a separate or supplemental agreement concerning our 
representation of you with regard to those claims. 
YOUR INDEMNITY 
You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless for and against any demands 
or claims asserted by others to any portion of the Claims subject to this 
Agreement. 
99647M/011585 
EFTA00726973
--- PAGE 8 ---
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
December 8, 2009 
Page 8 
CONSENT TO ADVERSE REPRESENTATION 
You acknowledge that we are engaged in a nationwide practice involving 
clients in many industries and with extensive legal needs. In the event that 
we should determine in the future that the needs of another of our clients 
(whether a continuing client or a new one) require our services in a matter 
other than one in which we represent you, you agree that we may 
undertake the representation, even if adverse to you (including any of your 
parents, subsidiaries or affiliates), so long as it involves a factually 
unrelated matter. You agree that such a representation may involve both 
adverse litigation as well as non-litigation adverse representation, such as 
negotiating a transaction with you. 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
Any dispute arising out of, in connection with, or in relation to the 
interpretation, performance or breach of this Agreement—including any 
claim of legal malpractice, breach of fiduciary duty or similar claim and 
any claim involving fees or expenses-shall be resolved by final and 
binding arbitration conducted in New York City, New York, administered 
by and in accordance with the then-existing JAMS Streamlined 
Arbitration Rules and Procedures, and any judgment upon any award 
rendered by the arbitrator may be entered by any state or federal court 
having jurisdiction to do so. 
By so agreeing, you and we are waiving the right to a jury trial. You 
understand that arbitration provides only limited discovery and that courts 
will enforce an award in arbitration without reviewing it for errors of fact 
or law. 
NO GUARANTEES 
You acknowledge that we have made no guarantees and given no 
assurances regarding the outcome of this matter. You understand that all 
expressions about the outcome are only opinions. 
CHOICE OF LAW 
In any proceeding (whether in arbitration, in court or in any other 
tribunal), concerning the rights and obligations of you or us under this 
Agreement, all questions that are determined to be governed by the law of 
a state shall be resolved in accordance with the law of the State of New 
York, including the then-prevailing New York Rules of Professional 
Conduct. You acknowledge that selecting the law of New York is 
reasonable in view of the location of our offices there, and application of 
99647IvV011585 
EFTA00726974
--- PAGE 9 ---
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
December 8, 2009 
Page 9 
the New York Rules to many of the lawyers who may work on your 
matter. 
WORK PRODUCT 
We typically maintain a file of documents during the representation. You 
agree that work product prepared for internal use of our lawyers, such as 
drafts, notes, internal memos, emails, spreadsheets and all legal and 
factual investigations, remain our property. You also agree that any right 
you have to obtain copies of the contents of our file shall not extend to 
such internal working papers. At the conclusion of our representation, you 
agree that all materials (electronic and hard copy) we have in the file 
received from any source may be handled and ultimately destroyed in 
accordance with our record retention policy then in effect. Any privilege 
that applies to such materials belongs to us. 
COURT AWARDED FEES OR EXPENSES 
You agree that any award of fees, expenses, or sanctions awarded against 
you as a result of court or arbitration order that are not the result of our 
conduct shall be payable solely by you and that you shall not look to SG to 
reimburse you for the amount awarded. 
INTEGRATION 
This Agreement represents the final and mutual understanding of the 
parties. It 
replaces 
and 
supersedes 
any 
prior 
agreements 
or 
understandings, whether written or oral. This Agreement may not be 
modified, amended, or replaced except by another signed written 
agreement. 
SEVERABILITY 
If any part of this Agreement shall for any reason be found unenforceable, 
the parties agree that all other portions shall nevertheless remain valid and 
enforceable. 
CLIENT'S ACKNOWLEDGMENT 
You acknowledge that we have encouraged you to consult independent 
counsel concerning the negotiation of this Agreement and its terms 
(including the section on Dispute Resolution), that you have made 
sufficient investigation and inquiry to determine that this Agreement is fair 
and reasonable to you, and that this Agreement was the product of arm's 
length negotiation with us. You warrant to us that you have either 
99647M/011585 
EFTA00726975
--- PAGE 10 ---
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
December 8, 2009 
Page 10 
consulted such independent counsel or, having had an adequate 
opportunity to seek such advice, have declined to follow our advice that 
you do so. 
We discuss the terms and conditions of our engagement so candidly because we 
believe that you are entitled to know our policies and that this type of frank 
discussion will avoid any misunderstandings later. Please sign a copy of this 
Agreement in the space provided below indicating your agreement to the terms 
and conditions set forth above. When we receive this Agreement signed by you 
and any applicable cost deposit, we will commence our representation in the 
above-described matter. 
Sincerely yours, 
SUSMAN GODFREY L.L.P. 
Stephen D. Susman 
Exhibits: 
Exhibit A - In-House Charges 
Exhibit B — Policy on Outside Vendors 
AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED: 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
Jeepers, Inc. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
EIN Number: 
(Please provide this number for bank use in establishing trust account) 
cc: 
Accounting 
99647M/011585 
EFTA00726976

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726977.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fee Proposal for 
Architectural Services. 
Schematic Design of 
Five Projects for CZM 
Little SI. James 
Prepared for Gary Kerney 
Task it 
Task Description 
Remarks 
.c 
a c 
7, v 
t 2 
,2 
.c 
co 
c 
7 v 
le 
C C
a
o
cy, 
CD 
g 
6' a
m
_ 
V C 
ei 
rc 0 o
E 
i. 
" 
.—
m 
1-• 
Total 
Professional 
Time Mrs) 
Net Totals 
1.00 Understanding the Program. 
view and reconfirm the 
existing layout and basic 
dimensions 
8.00 
$ 1 800 00 
2.00 Prepare conceptual layout 
scheme for the project 
Prepare two Alternative Conceptual 
Design responses for Owners review. 
comment and approval. 
16 
51.00 $ 5.625.00 
3.00 Prepare Presentation 
Document for CZM Review 
and Understanding 
Based on the selected alternative. 
prepare Presentation Documents 
suitable for Preliminary CZM Design 
32 
67.00 $ 6.778.85 
Approval. Respond to questions and or 
comments by Building Official as 
required. 
4.00 Prepare Construction 
Not Included in this Phase 
- 
- 
Documents 
5.00 Structural Design 
Structural Design work to be prepared 
by Engineer Paul Ferreras. PE and 
billed drec0y to LSJ 
4.00 Printing and Reproduction 
Prepare normal printing and 
reproduction of documents for Owner 
presentations and 5 sets for of 
assumed set size 4 sheets for 
submission to CZM 
- 
$ 
150.00 
5.00 Changes after issuance of 
Changes made after issuance of 
Design Approvals 
Owner's or Owner's Representative's 
approvals shall be billed for as 
additional service at Architects standard 
billing rates. 
6.00 Permit Fees 
Permit Fees are the responsiiity of the 
Owner and shall be paid for by the 
Owner. At the point where the 
Documents are ready for submittal. the 
Architect shall notify the Owner of the 
amount of the Permit Fees and the 
Owner shall provide the Architect with a 
check payable to the Permitting Agency 
in the proper amount 
7.00 Expected Baseline Fee Requirement 
with presentation quality documentation 
for Schematic Level Design Effort 
for CZM for typical of 5 projects 
48 
126.00 $ 14.353.85 
8.00 Project Name 
Adjustment for 
Level of Effort and 
Complexity of 
Individual Project 
8.01 Pool and Pool Building 
100% $ 14.353.85 
8.02 Guest Cottage 
100% $ 14.353.85 
8.03 Piano Room 
80% $ 11.483.08 
8.04 ATV Building 
70% $ 10.047.69 
8.05 Tennis Court Complex 
50% $ 7.176.92 
9.00 Total 
S 57.415.38 
10.00 Schedule: We anticipate that this design effort will take approximately 5 
weeks from acceptance of this proposal. 
11.00 Payments to the Architect shall b a as follows: A deposit of 33113% of 
the proposal amount shall be paid upon acceptance of the proposal. An 
additional 33 1,3% shall be paid upon acceptance of the approved 
Each of 3 
$ 19.138.46 
Concept Line Drawings. The final remaining 33 1i3% shall be paid upon 
payments 
delivery of the final drawings to LSJ. 
12.00 This will require several visits to the site for members of our team. We 
anticipate having access to LSJ Ferry Boat transportation as required. 
Prepared by The deJongh Group. PC 
Architects Planners 
Fee Proposal Schematic Design CZM Revised Submittal 1.2 April 26.2010 
EFTA00726977

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726978.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fee Proposal for 
Architectural Services. 
Schematic Design of 
Four Projects for 
CZM Review and Approval 
Little St. James 
Prepared for Gary Kemey 
Task # 
Task Description 
Remarks 
.0 
0) 
C 
-o, 
", 
m 
v 
t 2
cc 
.0 
CA 
c 
C 
-o, 
"' 
'0 
• 
= 
v 
—) 
TD = 
O x 
O 
,... 
O 
o 
v c . 
x 
O
c.) 
co 
3. 
O 
-.E. 
E 
to 
c 
.2 
Total 
Professional 
Time (Hrs) 
Net Totals 
1.00 Understanding the Program. 
view and reconfirm the existing 
layout and basic dimensions 
Functional Space Program to include 
New Kitchen Layout. Dining Area. 
New Pantry and Gallery Extension. 
and New Laundry Facility along with 
those spaces and features which 
may be affected by the adjustments 
andfor work required by the above. 
12.00 5 2.700.00 
2.00 Prepare (2) conceptual layout 
schemes for the project 
Prepare two Alternative Conceptual 
Design responses for Owners 
review, comment and approval. 
# 
52.00 5 5.825.00 
3.00 Prepare Presentation 
Based on the selected alternative. 
# 
40 
76.00 5 7.555.77 
Document for CZM Review 
and Understanding 
prepare Presentation Documents 
suitable for Preliminary CZM Design 
Approval. Respond to questions and 
or comments by Building Official as 
required. 
4.00 Prepare Construction 
Documents 
Based on the selected alternative. 
prepare Construction Documents 
suitable for permitting CZM and 
Building Pertmits. Respond to 
questions and or comments by 
Building Official as required. 
# 
# 
tt 
• 
5.00 Structural Design 
Structural Design work to be 
prepared by Engineer Paul Ferreras. 
PE and billed directly to LSJ 
S 
4.00 Printing and Reproduction 
Prepare normal printing and 
reproduction of documents for Owner 
presentations and 5 sets for of 
assumed set size 4 sheets for 
submission to CZM and Building 
Permits 
# 
. :C.00 
5.00 Changes after issuance of 
Design Approvals 
Changes made after issuance of 
Owner's or Owner's Representative's 
approvals shall be billed for as 
additional service at Architects 
standard billing rates. 
6.00 Permit Fees 
Permit Fees are the responsiility of 
the Owner and shall be paid for by 
the Owner. At the point where the 
Documents are ready for submittal. 
the Architect shall notify the Owner of 
the amount of the Permit Fees and 
the Owner shall provide the Architect 
with a check payable to the 
Permitting Agency in the proper 
amount 
Prepared by The deJongh Group. PC 
Architects Planners 
Fee Proposal Schematic Design CZM Submittal 1 
of 2 
March 2. 2010 
EFTA00726978
--- PAGE 2 ---
Fee Proposal for 
Architectural Services. 
Schematic Design of 
Four Projects for 
CZM Review and Approval 
Little St. James 
Prepared for Gary Kemey 
Task 
Task Description 
Remarks 
Robert deJongh 
Donna deJongh 
Kohl Judson 
Orlando Creque 
Total 
Professional Net Totals 
Time (Hrs) 
7.00 
8.00 
Payments to the Architect 
Expected Baseline Fee 
Requirement for Schematic 
Level Design Effort with 
presentation quality 
documentation for CZM for 
typical of 4 projects 
Project Name 
9.00 Pool and Pool Building 
10.00 Guest Cottage 
11.00 Piano Room 
12.00 AN Buildi 
13.00 Total 
14.00 Schedule 
Payments to the Architect shall b e 
as follows: A deposit of 33 1/3% of 
the proposal amount shall be paid 
upon acceptance of the proposal. 
An additional 33 113% shall be paid 
upon acceptance of the approved 
layout. The final remaining 33 1/3% 
shall be paid upon delivery of the 
final drawin•s
We anticipate that this design effort 
will take approximately 5 weeks from 
acceptance of this proposal. 
5.00 
This will require several visits to the 
site for members of our team. We 
anticipate having access to boat 
trans •dation as
wired. 
tt
56 
140.00 
S 16,230.77 
Adjustment for 
Level of Effort and 
Complexity 
wog% S 16.230.77 
100% S 16.230.77 
80% S 12.984.62 
70% 5 11.361.54 
S 56,807.69 
Prepared by The deJongh Group. PC 
Fee Proposal Schematic Design CZM Submittal 1 
Architects Planners 
of 2 
March 2. 2010 
EFTA00726979

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726980.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726980.pdf
----------------------------------------
I AM PAUL AUCTION sIMPSON OF EAB INC, A PROFESSIONAL EVALUATION COMPANY WORKING 
TO IMPROVE AND ENSURE QUALITY CUSTOMER SERVICES. 
WE NEED A HONEST, SELF-MOTIVATED PERSON WHO CAN WORK FOR US AS AN EVALUATOR 
AND EARN $400 WEEKLY. 
FOR MORE DETAILS PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING: +FULL NAME: +FULL ADDRESS: +CITY: +STATE: 
4-ZIP CODE: +PHONE #: 4-EMAIL ADDRESS: +AGE: 
EFTA00726980

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726981.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey Epstein 
April 16, 2010 
JPMORGAN PRIVATE BANK CASH MANAGEMENT 
Global Investment Specialist 
Jeff Matusow 
Investment products: Not FDIC insured • No bank guarantee • May lose value 
Please see important information at the end of this presentation. 
J.P. Morgan 
EFTA00726981
--- PAGE 2 ---
Option 1 - Day-to-Day 
Liquidity 
Money Market Strategy: 
Managing Short Term 
Liquidity Needs 
r 
Objective: 
- Meet near term liquidity needs 
- Mitigate principal volatility in a rising 
rate environment 
Solution: 
- J.P. Morgan Capital Prime Money 
Market Fund (CJPXX) 
• 
Money Market Fund 
• 
Daily Liquidity 
• 
2a7 regulated 
• Weighted Average Maturity: 
days 
• 
Yield : 0.11% 
Option 2- Reserve Cash 
Managed Cash Strategy: 
Enhancing your Cash Yield 
r 
-Wr 
Objective: 
— Enhance income by investing in short 
term high quality securities with an 
average duration slightly longer than 
money market funds 
— Minimize principal volatility to a 
level appropriate for a 6-18 month 
time horizon 
Solution: 
- J.P. Morgan Taxable Managed 
Cash Strategy 
• 
Separately Managed Account 
• 
T+3 liquidity 
• 
Duration: 0.5 years / 0.9 years 
• 
Average Life: 0.7 years / 1 year 
• 
Yield: 0.6% / 0.8% 
Option 3 - Strategic Cash 
Short Term Fixed Income Strategy: 
Augmenting your Total Return 
r 
Objective: 
— Complements cash portfolio seeking 
to enhance total returns 
— Short term fixed income investment 
intended for strategic cash with a 
time horizon of at least 18 months 
Solution: 
- J.P. Morgan Short Duration Bond 
Fund (JSDUX) 
• 
Short term fixed income 
mutual fund 
• T+1 liquidity 
• Duration: 1.9 years 
• 
Average Life: 2.3 years 
• 
Yield: 1.27% 
J.P. Morgan 
Neither JPIVIorgan nor any of its affiliates offer tax or legal advice. Such advice should be obtained from your professional 
tax and legal advisors. The views and strategies described herein may not be suitable for all investors. This information is 
not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument and is being provided merely to 
illustrate a particular investment strategy. Past performance is not a guarantee of comparable future results. 
EFTA00726982
--- PAGE 3 ---
Day-to-Day Liquidity: J.P. Morgan USD Prime Money Market Fund Profile (CPXX) 
As of April 15, 2010 
Fund Features 
Current yield (7 day avg.)1
WAM 
Assets 
Credit Rating 
Minimum investment (Capital) 
Settlement 
Annual Total Expenses 
CUSIP 
Ticker 
0.11% 
days 
$146.3 bn 
AAAm, Aaa/MR1+, AAAN1+ 
(S&P, Moody's, Fitch) 
$50 mm 
T+0 (5:00 PM EST cutoff time) 
bps 
4812A0367 
CJPXX 
'Source: JPMorgan Asset Management as of April 15, 2010 
Investment Parameters 
• Invested in low risk money market instruments 
• Minimum credit quality of A-1/P-1 
• Minimum 50% assets A-1+/P-1 
• Diversified pool of investments 
• Maximum 5% in single issuer (ex repo) 
• Maximum security maturity 397 days 
• Maximum portfolio maturity 60 days 
Maturity Distribution 
50% 
43.9% 
45% 
41.3% 
40% 
35% 
30% 
25% 
20% 
15% 
13.3% 
10% 
5% 
1.5% 
0% 
Less than 1 
1- 3 Months 
3- 6 Months 
6- 9 Months 
Month 
Portfolio Composition 
USGovernment Repos 
Agencies 
0.9% 
4.6% 
Trite Deposes 
12.3% 
Commercial Paper 
27.3% 
Corporate Bonds 
0.3% 
Certificates of 
Deposit 
54.6% 
Due to rounding, values may not total 100%. 
Source: JPMorgan Asset Management February 28, 2010. 
'For floating rate securities the maturity is defined as the time to next reset. For amortizing securities the maturity is defined as the 
average life of the bond. 
J. P Morgan 
Past performance Is not Indicative of future results. Investment returns will fluctuate so that the redemption amount may be 
worth more or less than the original investment. Performance information is shown net of investment management fees. 
Performance includes the reinvestment of interests when applicable. Please refer to the prospectus for more detailed information. 
EFTA00726983
--- PAGE 4 ---
J.P. Morgan 
Reserve Cash - Option 1: J.P. Morgan Taxable Managed Cash Strategy 
As of April 15, 2010 
Portfolio Summary 
Average Credit Quality 
AA 
Average Duration 
0.5 Years 
Average Life 
0.7 Years 
Average Market Yield 
0.6% 
Typical Benchmarks 
• 
Federal Funds Effective 
• 
iMoneyNet First Tier Instil 
• 
Lipper Money Market Fund Inch 
• 
30-Day Commercial Paper 
• 
3-Month Certificates of Deposit 
• 
3-Month U.S. Treasury Bills 
• 
6-Month U.S. Treasury Bills 
• 
Ibbotson U.S. Treasury Bills 
• 
Consumer Price Index (CPIU) 
Portfolio Duration vs. Average Life Breakdown 
- 1 years 
- 2 years 
• Duration 
• Average Life 
0% 
10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% 90% 100% 
Portfolio Sector Breakdown 
FDIC-TLGP 
3% 
Commercial 
Paper & 
Certificates of 
Deposit 
17% 
Non Mortgage 
ABS 
21% 
US Tbills
2% 
Agency 
7% 
Sovereigns/ 
Supras 
2% 
Corporate 
Bonds 
48% 
Portfolio Credit Breakdown 
AAA 
33% 
A 
37% 
Average Credit Quality: AA 
Neither JPMorgan Chase & Co. nor any of its affiliates offer tax or legal advice. Such advice should be obtained from your professional tax and legal advisors. 
Note: Market value and market yield reflected may be subject to change due to interest rate fluctuations and changes in credit and market 
liquidity conditions. Market prices and values reflected may differ from liquidation values. Average Life represents the weighted average 
period of principal paybacks and may vary for securities with principal prepayment variability. Legal Final Maturity may be longer than 
average life. Duration represents the sensitivity of a fixed income portfolio market value to interest rate fluctuations. Private placement 
securities are internally rated by the J.P. Morgan Investment Management Credit Team. Portfolio characteristics will vary over time based on 
market conditions. This report snot intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any portfolio. The investment strategy 
referenced herein may not be suitable for all investors. 
EFTA00726984
--- PAGE 5 ---
J.P. Morgan 
Reserve Cash - Option 2: J.P. Morgan Taxable Managed Cash Strategy 
As of April 15, 2010 
Portfolio Summary 
Average Credit Quality 
AA 
Average Duration 
0.9 Years 
Average Life 
1.0 Years 
Average Market Yield 
0.8% 
Typical Benchmarks 
• 
Federal Funds Effective 
• 
iMoneyNet First Tier Instil 
• 
Lipper Money Market Fund Inch 
• 
30-Day Commercial Paper 
• 
3-Month Certificates of Deposit 
• 
3-Month U.S. Treasury Bills 
• 
6-Month U.S. Treasury Bills 
• 
Ibbotson U.S. Treasury Bills 
• 
Consumer Price Index (CPIU) 
Portfolio Duration vs. Average Life Breakdown 
- 1 years 
- 2 years 
• Duration 
• Average Life 
0% 
10% 
20% 
30% 
40% 
50% 
60% 
70% 
80% 
Portfolio Sector Breakdown 
Agency 
6% 
US Short Term 
Treasuries 
US Tbills 5% 
3% 
FDIC-TLGP 
2% 
Commercial 
Paper & 
Certificates of 
Deposit 
12% 
Non Mortgage 
ABS 
22% 
Agency 
Discount 
Notes 
5% 
Sovereigns/ 
Supras 
3% 
Corporate 
Bonds 
42% 
Portfolio Credit Breakdown 
A 
AAA 
46% 
AA 
13% 
A1/P1 
Average Credit Quality: AA 12% 
Neither JPMorgan Chase & Co. nor any of its affiliates offer tax or legal advice. Such advice should be obtained from your professional tax and legal advisors. 
Note: Market value and market yield reflected may be subject to change due to interest rate fluctuations and changes in credit and market 
liquidity conditions. Market prices and values reflected may differ from liquidation values. Average Life represents the weighted average 
period of principal paybacks and may vary for securities with principal prepayment variability. Legal Final Maturity may be longer than 
average life. Duration represents the sensitivity of a fixed income portfolio market value to interest rate fluctuations. Private placement 
securities are internally rated by the J.P. Morgan Investment Management Credit Team. Portfolio characteristics will vary over time based on 
market conditions. This report 'knot intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any portfolio. The investment strategy 
referenced herein may not be suitable for all investors. 
EFTA00726985
--- PAGE 6 ---
Strategic Cash - J.P. Morgan Short Duration Bond Fund (JSDUX) 
J.P. Morgan 
EFTA00726986
--- PAGE 7 ---
NOT FDIC INSURED I NO BANK GUARANTEE I MAY LOSE VALUE 
JPMorgan 
Short Duration Bond Fund 
Ultra (JSDUX) 
Data as of March 31, 2010 
Fund overview 
Objective 
The Fund seeks currem income consistent with preservation of 
capital through investment in high- and medium-grade fixed 
income securities. 
Strategy/Investment process 
• Under normal conditions. may invest at least 8016 in bonds. 
• Generally maintains an average weighted maturity of 3 years 
Total returns 
or less. taking into account expected amortization and 
Performance at NAY (96) 
Latest QTR 
YTD 
prepayment of principal on certain investments. 
Ultra' 
0.91 
0.91 
• Seeks market sectors and individual securities that it believes 
Barclays Capital 1.3 Year U.S. Govemment/Cred4 
will perform well over time. 
Bond Index 
0.89 
0.89 
• May purchase taxable or tax-exempt municipal securities. 
Lipper Short U.S. Government Finds Index 
0.65 
026 
Average maturity/quality 
SEC yields (%) 
Ultra 
Short 
Int. 
Long 
30-Day SEC Yield 
127 
30-Day SEC Yield (Unsubsidized) 
1.21 
MEM 
High 
Calendar-year returns (%) 
Ultra at NAY 
2005 
2.20 
2006 
4.57 
Barclays Capital 1•3 Year U.S. Govemment/Cred rt 
Medium 
Bond Index 
1.77 
4.25 
Lipper Shan U.S. Government Funds Index 
1.68 
4.02 
Fund performance* 
As it was designed to do. the share price of the iPMorgan 
Short Duration Bond Fund has remained relatively stable 
since the share class's inception in February 2005. Share 
price is for Ultra. Past performance is no guarantee of future 
results. 
S20 
sis 
Ito 
SS 
SO 
2495 
Portfolio managers/industry experience 
Gregg Hrivnak. 24 years 
Richard Figuly. 16 years 
Portfolio characteristics 
Humber of holdings 
1394 
Fund assets (in billions) 
$836 
Portfolio breakdown (%)" 
Asset Backed Securities 
10.1 
Collateralized Mortgage Obligations 
11.4 
Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities 
1.4 
Corporate Bonds 
13.0 
Mortgage Pass-Through Securities 
8.1 
Short-Term Investments 
4.3 
U.S. Government Agency Securities 
23.8 
U.S. Treasury Obligations 
27.5 
Other 
0.4 
Average life PIO" 
Less than one year 
17.4 
Years 1.3 
53.3 
Years 3.5 
25.0 
years 5.7 
4.0 
Years 7-10 
0.3 
Duration 
1.87 yeas 
Average Ife 
2.33 yeas 
Quality (%).• 
US Government 
65.4 
AAA 
20.7 
AA 
4.1 
A 
6.6 
BBB 
2.7 
BB 
0.3 
B 
0.1 
"Due to rounding values may not total 100%. 
Insight + Process = Results" 
Ca 
445 
, 
Average annual total returns 
yr 
yrs 
S yrs 
39p 
yrs 
4.87 
4.95 
4.65 
4.70 
4.15 
5.01 
4.56 
4.82 
3.51 
4.02 
3.85 
4.04 
2007 
6.33 
648; 
2008 
3.88 
4.97 
2009 
520 
3.83 
5.56 
3.46 
3.59 
*The performance quoted is past performance and is not a guarantee of future result:. Mutual funds are subject to certain 
market risks. Investment returns and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investors shares. when 
redeemed. maybe worth moreor less than original cost. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance 
data shown. for performance current to the most recent month.end please call 1-80048041a 
Morningstar ratings 
Overall 
3-Year 
5.Year 
10-Year 
Ratirg/number of funds in category 
****/365 
****/385 
****1317 
Not yet rated 
Ultra share class: Short-Term Bond Category 
Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating metric each month by subtracting the return on a 90-day US. Treasury Bill 
from the fund's load-adjusted return for the same period, and then adjusting this excess return for rig. 
Annual operating expenses 
Ultra 
Expense cap expiation date 
6/30/2010 
Expense cap (%) 
0.44 
Total annual Fund operating expenses (6)2
0.40 
:7Ile Investment Advisor. Administrator and Distributor have contractually agr e e d to wan. e feesartd/or reimburse expenses to the 
extent that Total Annual Operating Expenses (excluding Acquired Fund Fees andftoeoses, dividend expenses relating to short sales. 
interest, taxes and extraordinary expenses and expenses related to the Board of trustees' deferred compensation olan)exceed the 
expense cap of the average daily net assets through the expense cap expiration date. Withourthe Acquired fund fees and Expenses. 
the tota(Annual Operating Expenses and fretExpenseswould have been loner. la addition. the Fund's service providers may 
bolontat i 1 y waiv e or reimburse certain of their fees. as they may determine. from time to time. 
Portfolio statistic 
Ultra 
Inception date 
2)22/2005 
Investment minimum 
$5M 
Fund number 
3944 
CUSIP 
4812(0167 
Please refer to the back of the page for important disclosure information 
including risks associated with investing in the Fund. 
J.P.Morgan
Asset Management 
EFTA00726987
--- PAGE 8 ---
NOT FDIC INSURED I NO BANK GUARANTEE I MAY LOSE VALUE 
JPMorgan Short Duration Bond Fund 
Ultra (1SDUX) 
Contact JPMorgan Distribution Services, Inc. at 1.800.480.4111 fora fund prospectus. You can also visit us at 
wvacipmorganfurtds.com. Investors should carefully consider the investment objectives and risks as well as charges and expenses 
of the mutual fund before investing. The prospectus contains this and other Information about the mutual fund. Read the 
prospectus carefully before Investing. 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WMIIIIIIEST1NG IN THE FUND: 
Because this Fund primarily invests M bonds. it is subject to interest rate rnks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise. 
The Fund may invest in futures contracts and other derivatives. This may make the Fund more volatile. The portfolio characteristics (excluding sector and 
holdings) include derivative positions. 
RETURNS: 
The quoted performance of the Fund includes performance of a predecessor fund/share class prior to the Fund's commencement of operations. Please 
refer to the current prospectus for further information. 
IIORNINGSTAR DISCLOSURE: 
Morningstar cakulates a Morningstar Rating metric each month by subtracting the return on a 90.day US. Treasury Bill from the fund's load-
adjusted return for the same period. and then adjusting this excess return for risk. The top 10%04 funds in each broad asset class receive 5 stars. 
the next 22.5% receive 4 stars. the next 35% receive 3 stars. the next 223% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall 
Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-. five- and ten-year (if 
applicable) Momingstar Rating metrics. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Different share classes may have different ratings. 
INDEXES DEFINED: 
The Barclays Capital 1-3 Year U.S. Government/Credit Bond index is an unmanaged index of investment grade government and corporate bonds with 
maturities of one to three years. The performance of the index does not reflect thededuction of expenses associatedwith a mutual fund. such as 
investment management fees. By contrast the performance of the Fund reflects the deduction of the mutual fund expenses. including sales charges if 
applicable. An irdividual cannot invest directly man index_ 
The Lipper Short U.S. Government Funds Index represents the total returns of the funds in the indicated category. as defined by Lipper. Inc. An individual 
cannot invest directly n an index. 
02010. American Bankers Association. CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau. a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies. 
Inc. All rights reserved. 
Total return assumes reinvestment of dividends and capital gains distributions and reflects the deduction of any sales charges. where applicable. 
Performance may reflect the waiver of a portion of the Fund's advisory or administrative fees for certain periods since the inception date. If fees had not 
been waived performance would have been less favorable. 
LP. Morgan Funds are distributed by WMorgan Distribution Services. Inc. which is an affiliate of II:Morgan Chase& Co. Affiliates of IP/Aorgan Chase & Co. 
receive fees for providing various services to the funds. Products and services are offered by 1P1lorgan Distribution Services. Inc.. member Ft NRA/SIPC. 
FS-SDB-U-0310 
J.P.Morgan
Asset Management 
EFTA00726988
--- PAGE 9 ---
Annual taxable fixed income management fee schedules for Separately Managed 
investment management accounts' 
The following Fixed Income Fee Schedule is charged on the total market value of the account2: 
ACTIVE MANAGEMENT 
Short Term Cash Management _> $20mm 
0.25% on the first $20 million 
0.20% on the next $80 million 
0.15% on amount over $100 million 
$25,000 minimum fee 
1. 
Brokerage fees and costs for executing securities transactions, legal fees and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred on behalf of the account will also be passed through to the 
account at cost. There are no charges for trades in J.P. Morgan Funds. As described in the J.P. Morgan Funds Disclosure statement and the fund prospectuses, J.P. Morgan affiliates 
are paid fees by the J.P. Morgan Funds for providing investment advisory, distribution, administrative, shareholder servicing and other services to the J.P. Morgan Funds. As 
disclosed in the prospectuses, J.P. Morgan affiliates, at their own expense and out of their profits, may provide additional cash payments to financial intermediaries. Your advisor 
can provide copies of mutual fund prospectuses describing such fees, as well as further information about the fees earned by or additional cash payments received by J.P. Morgan 
affiliates. Prospectuses also are available by calling J.P. Morgan Distribution Services, Inc., at 800-480.4111, option 3 or www„Mmorganhinels r  m. Investments in J.P. Morgan Funds 
generally are made in Select or Institutional shares classes which have no sales load or 12b-1 fees. Please contact your advisor for additional information. 
2. 
The Fixed Income Fee Schedule is charged on the total market value of the account excluding JPMorgan Mutual Funds accrued income, sweeps, uninvested cash, and JPM corporate 
bonds. 
3. 
Please contact your JPM representative for specific fees related to the asset allocation outlined in your Disaetionary Portfolio Mandate. Term sheets for individual investments are 
available upon request. 
J.P.Morgan 
a 
EFTA00726989
--- PAGE 10 ---
Important information 
IRS Circular 230 Insclostawl.IP. Morgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates 
do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax 
matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended 
or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the 
promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with 
I.P. Morgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for 
the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 
Each recipient of this presentation, and each agent thereof, may disclose to any 
person, without limitation, the U.S. income and franchise tax treatment and tax 
structure of the transactions described herein and may disclose all materials of 
any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) provided to each recipient 
insofar as the materials relate to a U.S. income or franchise tax strategy 
provided to such recipient by 1.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries. 
Bank products and services are offered by 1.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its 
affiliates. Securities products and services are offered by 1.P. Morgan Securities 
Inc., member NYSE, FINRA and SIPC. 
This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale 
of any financial instrument. J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. or its brokerage affiliates 
may hold a position or act as market maker in the financial instruments of any 
issuer discussed herein or act as an underwriter, placement agent, advisor or 
lender to such issuer. The views and strategies described herein may not be 
suitable for all investors. The discussion of loans or other extensions of credit in 
this material is for illustrative purposes only. No commitment to lend by 1.P. 
Morgan should be construed or implied. This material is distributed with the 
understanding that we are not rendering accounting, legal or tax advice. Estate 
planning requires legal assistance. You should consult with your independent 
advisors concerning such matters. 
We believe the information contained in this material to be reliable but do not 
warrant its accuracy or completeness. Opinions, estimates, and investment 
strategies and views expressed in this document constitute our judgment based 
on current market conditions and are subject to change without notice. This 
material should not be regarded as research or a 1.P. Morgan research report. 
Opinions expressed herein may differ from the opinions expressed by other 
areas of 1.P. Morgan, including research. The investment strategies and views 
stated here may differ from those expressed for other purposes or in other 
contexts by other J.P. Morgan market strategists. 
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. may act as a market maker in markets relevant to 
structured products or option products and may engage in hedging or other 
operations in such markets relevant to its structured products or options exposures. 
Structured products and options are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation (FDIC), the Federal Reserve Board, or any other governmental agency. 
In discussion of options and other strategies, results and risks are based solely on 
hypothetical examples cited; actual results and risks will vary depending on specific 
circumstances. Investors are urged to consider carefully whether option or option-
related products in general, as well as the products or strategies discussed herein 
are suitable to their needs. In actual transactions, the client's counterparty for OTC 
derivatives applications is 1.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., London branch. For a copy 
of the "Characteristic and Risks of Standardized Options" booklet, please contact 
your 1.P. Morgan Advisor. 
Real estate, hedge funds, and other private investments may not be suitable for all 
individual investors, may present significant risks, and may be sold or redeemed at 
more or less than the original amount invested. Private investments are offered 
only by offering memoranda, which more fully describe the possible risks. There 
are no assurances that the stated investment objectives of any investment product 
will be met. Hedge funds (or funds of hedge funds): often engage in leveraging 
and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment 
loss; can be highly illiquid; are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuation 
information to investors; may involve complex tax structures and delays in 
distributing important tax information; are not subject to the same regulatory 
requirements as mutual funds; and often charge high fees. Further, any number of 
conflicts of interest may exist in the context of the management and/or operation 
of any hedge fund. 
J.P. Morgan Funds are distributed by J.P. Morgan Distribution Services, Inc., which is 
an affiliate of 1.P. Morgan Chase & Co. Affiliates of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. receive 
fees for providing various services to the funds. Call J.P. Morgan Distribution 
Services at 1.800480.4111 or visit www.jpmorganfunds.com for the prospectus. 
Investors should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and 
expenses of the mutual funds before investing. The prospectus contains this and 
other information about the mutual fund and should be read carefully before 
investing. 
As applicable, portions of mutual fund performance information may be provided 
by Upper, a Reuters company, subject to the following: O 2008 Reuters. All rights 
reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Upper content, including 
by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior 
written consent of Upper. Upper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the 
content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. 
Past performance Is no guarantee of future results. 
Additional information is available upon request. 
O 20101.P. Morgan Chase & Co. 
J.P.Morgan 
EFTA00726990

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726991.pdf
----------------------------------------
[DRAFT - ATTORNEY CLIENT COMMUNICATION-ATTORNEY WORK 
PRODUCT-PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL] 
[ON JACK GOLDBERGER'S LETTERHEAD] 
New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
Tower Place 
Albany, N.Y. 12203 
To Whom It May Concern: 
On behalf of my client, Jeffrey E. Epstein, we respectfully request that you notify the 
Board of Examiners of Sex Offenders of Mr. Epstein's conviction, as described below. Mr. 
Epstein currently resides in the State of Florida and has not been present in the State of New 
York or left the State of Florida since the date of his conviction on June 30, 2008. Prior to his 
conviction, Mr. Epstein maintained an address in New York City, where he lived periodically. 
In the future, Mr. Epstein desires periodically to travel to the State of New York and while in 
New York to stay at that same address. Mr. Epstein's relevant information is as follows: 
Name: 
Date of Birth: 
Social Security No.: 
Current Address: 
Proposed New York 
Address: 
Date of Arrest: 
Date of Conviction: 
Crime of Conviction: 
Jurisdiction of 
Conviction: 
Sentence Received: 
Jeffrey Edward Epstein 
Janus 20, 1953 
358 El Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, Florida, 33480 
East 71" Street 
New York, New York 10021 
July 23, 2006 
June 30, 2008 
Procuring Person under 18 for Prostitution (Florida Statues 
Sec. 796.03) 
Palm Beach County, Florida 
Months in Palm Beach County Jail, and following the 6-month 
sentence, 12 Months of Community Control 1 
Please direct any questions to me at 
West 
Palm Beach, Florida, 33401-5012, Telephone Number 
Thank you for your 
attention to this matter. 
Respectfully, 
Jack Goldberger 
EFTA00726991

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726992.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80893-MARRA-JOHNSON 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
FINAL ORDER OF DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon the parties' Stipulation of Dismissal with 
Prejudice [DE 
], filed July , 2010. The Court has reviewed the Stipulation, the 
pertinent portions of the record, and is otherwise advised in the premises. 
In 
accordance with the parties' Stipulation, it is ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: 
1. The above-styled action is hereby DISMISSED WITH PREJUDICE. 
2. All pending motions are DENIED AS MOOT. 
3. The Court shall retain jurisdiction to enforce the terms of the parties' 
settlement and the Joint Stipulation [DE 207] and order thereon. 
4. The Clerk shall CLOSE THIS CASE. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Florida this 
day 
of July, 2010. 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE 
Copies Furnished to: 
All Counsel of Record 
EFTA00726992

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00726993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00726993.pdf
----------------------------------------
GI 
C) 
4.4.Iua i ,,,,,, ...um 44 • -Fm.... 
Derlelt 011 Commodlly Mn 
Global Investment 
Opportunities 
Group 
Account Position Summary 
Pn.mied lor FFnunoul Timt u4 of Octotee 29. 2010 
14441.60 
745 
OPTUSO 
1705 
MO* 
0.9123 
FCAFJ425D 
XIOUSD 
USDCAD 
13594 
4271 
1.003 
41441.150 
16041 
Met 
0.39 
.41.411.60 
13147 
.USX10 
481 
AUDLISD 
OMI 
1.0.01104. 
5,411 
Farorall MUMM 
1,.4. 0„. 
t,,,„,. 
Fleucht 
Not,e(,(1 
foie 
Nol.enal 
ha 'pp 0.(1. 
Cpn
5. ..1 
lt. 
Comta"P'• 
tt 
CuT( 'Po( clar.„ p. n„ CPZU
4414 
All in c.,„.„ 
Nm>)
l'Pe
..t. 
ectIO 
Fl 
2241.10 
4s 
irsc. 
.0260.440 
11444.10 
4454 
4444 
0.1162 
4455 
$ 
0.7011 
4Aug.10 
1041.40 
DA 
XVI 
1.41004030 
10.44410 
2tl3 
n13 
37130 
0,120 
37114 
S 
(21414121 
OPPI•Ferevaed (entods Martioal•rltat 
139«2241 
”..cla 0., ga
t.p.y o.t. 
oa..«.(.., 
Cur(aney I 
Typ. 
CP((ancY 2 
Nuoice..F 
Sttn.• 
Gurrtan 2 
(PP. 
Crepe.n.(1 
Ot(P1P(.1
'''''"'" 
Pn.., um 14-) 
CP".... 
Ca.nton 03.50) 
ane4mm 
meire 
1041.10 
Pia 
5.40(4400 
2979340 
WI 
Cal 
1.00044 
000 
$ 
64.020 
114A4r10 
114.14t11 
14409114 
2PV 
Pul 
10.04:0.04:0 
933(00 
1)50 
WI 
M70202 
470014 
ta 
ersachet 1470 MO :. 40 
527.378.17 
S 
(4124221 
11.1/14,40 
114A4ey.11 
Sold 
IPY 
Coll 
933020 
USD 
Pul 
$. 
(1.1101951 
wist 
Open FM Optices MMao MHNM 
Camonodltr Deka 
Trude Oste 
lapey 041* 
Därecuon 
Comoney 
Illeenal fei 
Melke 
(...,un, 
in'. 
roa
O 
nal 
Wesen 
1'"'" 
OrIgmal 
Pronwen 
• nerme m g$) 
PIIYMAAT 
0. 4OFFn N 30)
84.I0 
15.801.10 
944.0111 
VT 
e..0
1(0.0(0 
1)50 
PIA 
22 
(278.1441 
ehme 
iseecio 
50111 
WI1 
Nm 
110.003 
653 
USD 
WI 
1440.440.00 
14.00 
4021 
3784(4 
44.10 
174A4ey.11 
laue 
WIS 
CA 
eozote 
Hie 
USD 
Pol 
4492/20240 
44.10 
1244 
(204.1681 
4.3444.10 
174.144411 
Sold 
Wil 
Pul 
eozote 
USD 
Cal 
149240200 
$4.10 
4i.63 
210.193 
I 
2641.411 
114uohl 
WlxeF 
Pul 
44135 
400 
USD 
WI 
4137.102/20 
41430 
1029 
(1134441 
Open Connodity OMI.. Ingetk.1444Feke 
413.4 
lt 
• Ions 
Trude Date 
"V
ern
DMedlen 
Ill•derlying 
,,,,,..,, 
„,„, 
Curvenry 
11.. 
tute Hie/ 
Purrest Pr4te Gainlets M11440. 
Sold 
D»44.44eni.13 
12,52.02 
763033 
USD 
LII 
4.010% 
.16203% 
S 
(219,2101 
114.4.10 
21D..0 
Iloughl 
04.44•Con1.1.3 
12.101002 
70043 
USD 
Pul 
.5010% 
(1322501 
peen 404upure ()Pn.."' '#'1" 'n ‘' 
Ion 00) 
'`d. L('` 
'('('P''',
(Q., p.ny 
brolial USD 
4.
..p<4......, 
,.,,... 
Curten. 
tute. 44,44/ 
Clorion(1 Pu. .0444%.4 0.4444 . 
21.1410 
15x413 
CP4443 
52900.800 
52.504000 
0.297.09 
1/40 
557.74 
18462 
S 
1.163422 
Opi a Acenwiliur• 
rk.lo.Marltet 
1,14 621 
PSS Im.. 
„,..„ 0,, 
„„„ m, 
hauseUPO 
„„.„,„, 
,.,,,,,. 
[Mnnmeunl
Dw•tlen 
Currene 
Ceepan 
Neu Cal( tute 
' Mal int 
Out" tevel 
Wvent MW 
GMnlass (U501 
4.
(arme. 
3141400 
1544.4011 
1. 
fad Mace Cred 
45400.020 
5400400 
012 
USD 
5342% 
.10.4 
11210323 
103.00 
101.W 
171.420 
74440 
»Segel' 
NR 
Weih% Note 
.510.030.030 
KOMM 
USD 
7400% 
Ne 
1213,2»26 
103400 
10003 
217.778 
25.44010 
oloce.zole 
rette teere .. 43.157.500 
3.000.000 
324 
USD 
10030% 
Ne 
5103.333 33 
/0525 
225 
328.333 
13414140 
13.0414014 
C.CCe 
Ami Com 
41.1101.2410 
1400000 
114 
1400 
6250% 
MFA 
12123.24 
1110.121 
1143.9 
1494328 
134.40 
154444, 2013 
Ford Motor Geil 48.323400 
1400000 
IM 
1400 
7.000% 
MFA 
$42.777.71 
106380 
11410 
222.731 
444.10 
154444,2013 
Ford Motor Geil 
4116.4157 
11444.010 
IM 
U10 
7.000% 
NA 
13419444 
99478 
MIO 
39.138 
2349110 
0144342016 
8. 
CO GIOUP In< 
44725.000 
5.1000,00 
445 
USD 
7400% 
unsizeo 
$18043333 
NM 
9951 
435.333 
174.1.10 
014/1441017 
S. 
ce. Graue Im 
44.611500 
5.104400
513 
USD 
7,300% 
unsizeo 
121543333 
9225 
99.73 
589340 
154.40 
15.447013 
HR 
Kelch rb Upia eng .1M00.(00 
10440401 
481 
U10 
8311% 
MFA 
1040 
31030 
3643 
(1400.501 
13.04140 
13044.2033 
Pepvelo 0144F. 
4311000 
10003403 
SO 
MS 
NN 
3300 
320 
1.150 
Open Fund Onos. auk.40.41eatel. 
.04$3.... 
984elet Plus %et« 
1n*UMIS0
ci,„„, tr.d... 
.r,m g, 
Trad. Patt 
NUI.11(),
Unuleelyinp 
Ces( 
Face 4.eunt 
enaial level 
Curven<Y 
PP'.(P, '" 
(..,,,( 
,.....,, 
entry I evel 
turnt ne ...Fe Galatose NSO) 
143,110 
23Mn20i 
SPN 
4xOMOH. 
x000.000 
109191 
050 
6.%0% 
110326 
183.194.44 
1022 
106W 
19.041.10 
2444,7012 
Plt 
41.034030 
4100000 
12,0 
441) 
12280 
17.42 
5422278 
10000 
10014 
0,778 
OpenOpnMerketPWsNetes14r61PMvkM 
$ 
41015
0.. Dal• 
Y.10 
lensturity 
2Ae440 
NW itällnQ 
Company 
PA/ Vulva 
8BM 
1PM01444 OP 
>har. 
Induso, 
IPI 
curre.uw 
I) 
Coupon 
"*" Ca" DM' 
nratDoctia  
t " ,
" v' t
%.4I60 
N95 
Cul" r4 nr" 
0.10%" 1"USD)
2533 
3044540 
30-041.2040 
81). 
cneee caon• 
30040 
444,94041 
1)50 
788 
100045 
5425181 
2$ 
2652 
50203 
OPen Priemt 0144*.te444.let 
594.424 
84.0444:411144d4eed 
,t
,tty
tt.d.b..,. 
lirr
e
4.444•F• 
• Ictiweal 
Cufreeny 
tute Pn. 
Curns Pr.. Ominton (U110) 
124.40 
16.0.11 
3,4.t Up.....(e41,11)ecll 
802841 
9.999.993 
LUX 
112 10 
11450 
298397 
1249110 
v.oeeez 
USC 0141dend Pul DeC12 
024 
9.999371 
WI 
11330 
112.10 
$ 
(147.7171 
134AprIO 
21.04442 
SAM DIFeltrANIC14.02 
50.040 
500340) 
WI 
10000 
11110 
143.791 
01.41144450.4 D/414end Nest TO Manex 
44,174 
„ sch, c„, 
(pjatenn 
okfaten 
14.4dedylre 
Cennpuny 
Centretts 
01,11, 
c.„„ e„,, 
TYP" 
,,,,,,,,,,,, 
eu„, 
i.„..ut 
G.,,,,,,,,,,,, 
37. 
2041.10 
Sold 
5pM4«300DI1.u,5 
450 
413 
USD 
WI 
4227 
13.0 
12,021 
Open f pulty Celleen 444•14 1.4. 
et 
$ 
(M0004 
_.F 
„.4. b.,,. 
CompanY 
51(*(.. 
Curreeny 
0(...((re
ir.,(..,„ 
(,,, r.... 
(...
... 
.. 
Y'a'd 
28.00.10 
on„, ua....un pe 
02.020 
1)50 
Iten041 
1140 
5127 
10405 
1.24440 
umtut DeAcso Da.ble to, 
2tW 
USD 
000% 
Nach 
17.05 
31674 
S 
284.211 
Open Anal, 
to Planet 
294024 
EFTA00726993
--- PAGE 2 ---
GIO 
°emit rN6 Corneasilty MOH 
Total Return Swwps 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prey arr d tor Fr nano n1 Trent al of OttOlurr 29. 2010 
2470 
nos 
tallOSO 
XPIDUS0 
1),94 
VI 2 A 
46,1/50 
!VOA" 
4041 
J04? 
VSD.PY 
of1(tl
Da'"
r ire olve 
Ibyrlyiml 
Lono.shon 
Shen, 
Pate 
SOnail (bps) 
friC‘C:
d‘  
Ong lnal Value 
Industry 
intry Pnce 
Cunt* irk* 
Gain% Of. WSW 
Date 
Dale 
042 
461.4*.10 
Goldman So* 
law 
33,003 
3x1. 
0a.% 
.512.065.15 
SI.N1.g0 
tintma 
SIW a7 
3al. 
a% 
.111.1M.S? 
S4.731.131 
heseasal 
SIS9 ISO 
S161.13 
S 
40.SSI 
Oyes Total Pahlrn Swaps Mark-toankat 
4144) 
Opt. OTC ..*100* Worli.404.1.11k* 
S 
3735116 
Closed positions Clanton 
(.1.314.33g 
Total nations GAMS*. 
S 
0.0> 374 
pin Was Date • the trurlitla, new, tor nu mantrap 
aantmandawa by JP Main Mao IC.. ardln,. theuit meetelunne. ID Yaw Owe Mut NA and IP. Mown Trul Cs. NA or. molten of the IINC IP Main. 
k904 
es MC 0 0140 6 • eltale, olaa Yte•YCA SW. lnna,perl 011/el neblnal ird rtreul tAlwpcs *49 is Ile alio Ocala. ..ago NASD. SOK malcilion.14v0wW.0.050 SC* NW adage or*. Oita bele Otolaia Urrellrldul alnaOr 
tot el a 
D.arolt..ao of tune 00•00 lor nlowv59‘i a/masa/I 
w '<wee tour. wwwl. itfo.roabon Was.kw0 a Oil frssage and a, XrAerl‘vitnitlaterellal/(4 ndWMMSMt traftd 10 nil/tenth valet oalualiewa.1110lfrielk 
en4rnsucric 
orlInnet a blend bb manic tut.. Os not caused ali<oroleitnne w meagre Opitlera and Naar,* terweeele w Iseldetrn and urn ..apt lecher., %Soul sone. Penl prelerrranno•nal adictehe al hem rowan 
Thu rislonsl n not liana., ran oHer et buscnst/an tar* owes, or La/notate frannekerrarrew,1 rive aater.dulmn draw IS. sink.* andatawas named. pal to a* 
a arta man a* 
mFns apt.net Sant war *twos it 
haw tow ea vow al.. 
calarava 0.01w.al Ion Vnle <ern. patentee Purl delerennykonv.oski nol %nun lath anunant ale urn.n awl unerill a/wnen Iron oUat num be eb n*bMrpapw 
atrraincpwaiand alt./awn. Ina*. 
*flanoplows bala no to* ..ionita*1. iweiww4.4rd One art b• no arias 
Than*. 
often 
..4411. con la ma us, 
locoan atd the won:. tad celmerd or reameeroad. induct, nurat Sadk r 
ml dopes atd we no. 
011010's Ci. 
vOr....w4 
ofaW4 
Int 
uu trelfl.ruf ate thly 
try the IN< or u/t onu./..ou am.:, 
Mae costal yaw Is. Yaw Iowa Nail wasnewatew W n...0......berranonanriadhesaosennan 
0.6 ',tenni* 
44.904.*.a.a 
the ptn0. b v.e,fen Ail 410uustel ard nut be nelebial/Td 
Or/ Oe.dille*Run 
Orplubla bt lerfOrtaell,  
Pt eat OWN WO OW. yOu Wt.< Ile el ea...Oast nnlifp 04 seder 
innadiawl, a,d maw.' *mat 
4CI 1010 JP.A0100:hrse SC* 
EFTA00726994
--- PAGE 3 ---
GIO 
sad I.. ,,,,, ,..... I ...,..,„..... 
Canal IX •Commodity rats 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared for financial Trust ss of October 19. 2010 
XAGI150 
745 
%AMMO 
1359A 
GP= 
11441 
1150.149 
8039 
xrruso 
006 
P0010 
60.71 
EURUSO 
13947 
USOCLP 
039 
v9)00 
0.9425 
USIXAD 
1.0193 
MOW!) 
0914 
USONOK 
50195 
Forsped contrasts 
Contrast Spot 
Contrast 
k)" aul 
7,1de Date 
4.0.1 
Bought 
IlleDanail 
Sold 
NetiOnal 
0.109 Date 
Rate 
forward Rate 
Date 
Unwfriti ante 
C.aini 
USD) 
314•41, 10 
004510 
OP 
10.971502.400 
PV 
959.600.007 
12.1150 
12.1950 
14.44610 
11.982 
171,122 
31.414.10 
500.10 
CAD 
10.104000 
NY 
934.120.002 
S.Ors.10 
SUMO 
0.6000 
1540510 
93.35 
$ 
191.245 
POSPIO 
301un-10 
WOK 
41.099.400 
GP 
7.002030 
PAPP 
0.9450 
90142 
6406410 
92425 
12544791 
646510 
30.54510 
WOK 
63.609.000 
GP 
2,000.000 
3044010 
90970 
9.1170 
6414510 
92425 
113470) 
16-ApotO 
2.04610 
RR 
446.500.00) 
USD 
14051.000 
44200) 
44.4500 
6406410 
0212 
1914750 
144o.10 
4.4s4.10 
CAD 
4052000 
NY 
464350000 
44u9.10 
11.9171 
123100 
6414510 
16.1 
1136655/ 
21.40010 
3510510 
CAD 
"MOP 
AI 
5.426319 
3016510 
0.9315 
01214 
204400 
02766 
227039 
IS-Jun-10 
17.500-10 
CHI 
11.270.00, 
USD 
10.0:0.(00 
17-Sep-10 
1.1302 
1.1210 
17.1un-10 
1.11000 
152.961 
21.5o510 
211.510 
SIR 
4574.00.010 
USD 
14000.020 
2144110 
4167 
46.1 
20.4510 
47.10 
1311,100 
23-Jun-10 
2410510 
CAD 
5.215.000 
USD 
520500 
2616510 
1143 
1043 
2314510 
1.03491 
19.6111 
15, 5o51.5 
151.1.10 
NOK 
32.412.505 
USD 
5000.000 
2944110 
6.4415 
GAPS 
23141.10 
6210 
224240 
2S.Jun-10 
29.101-10 
WOK 
32.000.000 
SEK 
3$2721,00 
2916510 
1.1964 
1.1% 
2414110 
1.11150 
001.4341 
245010 
16-Aws.10 
CAD 
4215000 
USD 
5021605 
Naugle 
1.01891 
1.03431 
244600 
1.0648 
11149511 
2554#019 
27-549-10 
CAD 
5.215.00 
USD 
4.499.01.4 
17-50410 
IMO 
IMP 
24Gep10 
10279 
174.431 
10401.10 
72.0‘510 
RR 
454004000 
USD 
5524691 
20.0(510 
47.2 
47.73 
164:61.10 
44.32 
7354 41
Opted Feint., aintritttli Gainless 
401 297 
9.0.1.40WARONle BYle 4 the enlAtOw3AWRO RN the 06, x. 4.1.1660ushrs(6.41.014 01.4.5110)610014 CO. PlOstbsirloses.04*.Ne 1. Nopro Ow 0.y.I.N.4.104i.o.marson DisiCo. NA os sostors of 06. f PC IV. Parion 
Sapp Ine. DIMPARI • • wont. el the Row Yeektend, 'sham* .0 on 71µ710.l .0 normal vecrwon. linl n thr botaw-dealw truatan NASD. WC II socruen Preensm Pp 4 cm onsvopersaranco. on. brolvodosin or mono.' Snag 
4.56n 
firfahreang abeam 80.100 lorinfewropars Ippon onir pact.nnr.panon. pa mood. Pompon conisirod o th• rasp ana we suorroweng doc......taon, neksIno tor not hood Many noweN nastvababon. WrIwneta. 
commwicm. oko.nk:m C. 00/644 S WONG 6) to 1004 Os we 44 so +roam vs ofotroores o zooso. 00660.0 Provo Goolose orr 64post oulses..069t so Prop PPR .5/1101 Allt DethSw..wit es na< 'Mira...* of tievre /Cdr.'s 
Mt album, n rot asathoa at mann./ “licaalien fern patron.. tO• of an, *manual iesin.mmi. The teotrepoorn snow Ivor of non and rostrowo 
.Inron •pooson a or a mobs maw m ow typo& mounters resat wore Poor. so 
Mom refer Rs sow or104 0/1019•61forvwatOn WO GAON pau.nea tNioichwai [Mei votvtl •OltentadeciscvAveznenmens our se.wahar.r ?Ash.. (Ora VAPCCI te °tuned for the wow of .056)90set101014404 1110(9 VS11 
ard arimpated yak:liar. baud wen maven eau) .rd Mn un II no Inenn that raw pt., at yoth can lanulad. The abiteon..-4 O• ...oils .old, &Ore.d et monnundat admit, ennui bra M. rat *pone and .nth 
obi "Men of. <4 CnO),W1 0' OunancNtry.alryWk(rellrAl. Me In OW 06.,01i V Mt f OK C. wratrot.fniertial.),C^CY 
MOO COME1~ II Morton 50.0.14.1. rert104010 Iv hnhy Pomo oa o rersorprost soessoos. 
151140.04-06 it IN Pe sole use 61 the Dolan tombs 4 if 41Nowl. Piave be psrlon4.64 r orockosif. roy No 41400440 or Solution IN visors other OP OesOfreret is prohetd.11you Pat MK in (nor. Mow rotify l..µ710 
memos, aro mos AN awl. 
1117410.11Morpn Para Co. 
EFTA00726995
--- PAGE 4 ---
G T 
Global Investment OpportunItles Group 
Account Position Summary 
.;....K.I h.„............ .....,„.,„" , 
leepered for 1 marscinl Tont Se of Ouober 29, 7010 
Ornerd FX • Conmodle mbH 
XAGUSO 
24.61s 
KAVVSD 
II59•
.6011 
USD., 
8039 
XPTuS0 
1706 
30.0u50 
60.75 
EinluSD 
1.3017 
MOP 
419 
USW« 
09625 
1/SDC.00 
0191 
AlAUSO 
0.900 
0513140K 
5.6195 
Curruncy 2 
Trade Dato 
iumry Dato 
Mittel 104% 
Conency 9 
T1M 
5trine 
CunenCY 2 
TYP* 
Club* Out 
Original
Otipir....1 
nonerna 
Date 
Pr.nwfl.. 
Pinnturn 04) 
Unnirod 
PreW44" 
Gainlett 105.0)
29.4..10 
20.4pe.11 
BOOM 
MN 
CNI 
7.500000 
3.9:00 
(UR 
DA 
C444.44-10 
.24;750110 
.3.210% 
97.502.0/ 
(181.6851 
20.444•10 
20•Apr.11 
Sold 
KN 
Pul 
ZSOOLOGO 
3.9:00 
KUR 
Call 
0644.940 
24;75000 
3.210% 
4.1;750.00 
(5104191 
24•401•10 
264040 
Sold 
NOK 
Cal 
7.0011000 
toto 
GBP 
NA 
04444,10 
51(0.14735 
1,510% 
-$1741954.40 
(7.0471 
54.144.10 
044un40 
Sold 
ION 
Pul 
*001030 
11000 
USD 
Cal 
06343.10 
1102,00000 
1.020% 
4373,010M 
071.0101 
1944A10 
1944.1)-10 
130u9111 
IHR 
f 81 
1000/.010 
44.5000 
Mit 
194400 
.591.01000 
0.930% 
1000 
191.0001 
54.144.10 
1540.10 
Rought 
WK 
Pul 
1Z30).000 
1.2800 
USD 
Cal 
0344640 
4275,67300 
.2.154% 
1593,85800 
324.185 
54400 
15-14.410 
Sold 
WK 
Put 
1L40/000 
1.2400 
oft 
Olijun.10 
51)1.53100 
1.016% 
-5334.206.40 
09%5761 
54400 
15001-10 
Sold 
WK 
f 81 
13.200.000 
1.3/00 
Put 
Olijun.10 
5157.71040 
1.195% 
•524.44400 
131.227 
1344.145, 10 
1344441 
Rought 
WK 
Pul 
10.040.050 
1.2450 
USD 
UI 
03444.10 
.1495,000.0 
4.950% 
1619,400110 
124.000 
I 4454.10 
1344)941 
Sold 
WK 
Cal 
19.010.000 
1.2450 
Put 
Olijun.10 
5495.00000 
4950% 
44/L750.05 
52.250 
132449.10 
ita t u 
Rought 
GBP 
Pul 
*000,000 
1.4425 
USD 
Call 
034.4.10 
4495,000/00 
4.950% 
1410,00000 
115.0)51 
ijaruy10 
134A1P11 
Sold 
GBP 
f 81 
10.00).000 
1.4425 
USD 
Put 
Olijun-10 
5495.00000 
4910% 
.5529250.00 
134.2501 
23.1un.10 
234.1.10 
Sold 
Ga.0 
Pul 
5.00360:0 
1,0500 
USD 
Cas 
211.1.10 
SSZS00.00 
1.<60% 
10.00 
52.501 
21.1..4040 
2134040 
BOu91.1 
AUD 
f 81 
0.0.25.0:0 
0.11$25 
USD 
Mit 
21.540.10 
.25000000 
.2.033% 
560100000 
604000 
21.94,10 
21.509-10 
Sold 
AUD 
C.11 
MO: \ 0:0 
0.9400 
USD 
DA 
2161640 
44401060 
0426% 
43N0(0.00 
185.0401 
21.1un40 
21.509-10 
Sold 
AUD 
Pul 
146011000 
08600 
USD 
21.5.10 
214040.00 
2.442% 
10.00 
• 
OcesocliX Option. Cilia1.0e. 
.I.P. Meter Maie aase • en unsekoten imnee kt lier [nm% tumbe" lanwattenlumod by 1.P. Meren Chs 4 Co. anel s eabrerlesm weilemds. 11. lauganCha• 44,411.4. wel LP. Rfafflarrua 44...11.0.. en morben ei ileo FM Alt Perlon 
Necrauslrelff0110e ämenberelthel/eveYornmet Ischarge rd °ihn nauetul and regend cmhamm 11.1011 ei ehe beeht.41... all•frentet WC In edeleer, 11ffleepn er 
Ga. nropserne ung. ether brobot Sam ormontorom melamy 
TM bleue° inen) teNcle4 ro• inicowesel puepose ore /Ade in repone to yow inne Wemmiau ceent4 in Pioneesee ind z.t excrnceiiinj Mteisnixe% ineWeg be na linst:1 e> iny «sonn. nat.nhol°, stnentm. 
alaireIbeek CIM...drei 01 011n.M. II tar.1...d e. es nias, bu ... de n ei wumm niceneweenat er *inne. Opmenndnanabn coenna au. guenord ad an usted io ce.dre en1.4 ‚na. norn podear4444 n nos 'mitan,* ei hau'' muh. 
Ihr reeedS 4 rot Medeci os si «I« «WKnegg. rd IN pechee 0. tat oe zof feenbairetment The tr44444441401•41e 1144 Ohne .re entetea v..» NA • einfore ix mi .».4441404414, An 6,44441 i.e.nmiau o, an, ss.e.440o%tdhtfl 
Plono rette egeurotheul vtawneenteniummen Wou,ne4 cmnmath.!, ollenei. minm.1d rot InalaleY eleredion rd .9.1.113theR textil veYaber* Brom et« tourtet tz. Obt I MS i t I IP• pappte of weling IIMIIred ulculon nm. TIrpe pnon 
4f4 IMAPP1.414Usleeb.M.$ sauestsch efflaie• ifid tie,e.^ Wf.> amusaon ein Pest pfleg eoitUrun be veSteg Tbc. obleUcenie4 IN see.neer sobt orten 0, «KGenendet i•einle ..04•1• Nee. er Mt Ot$04151.1.11te AM Otil.,4,6 
cioartecleopelceiparintoodlog *rank« IN& nur an Ih./ ...../ bi Pa 10% m imll 94n."•^ 141•94.e. 
Mir malmt7e. et "Wen Illia aseltresnuotarove An fulent reormoton «mgsarg ..-“,...bon 
ih. Hennaflom II for en wo u• of De pinon lotetan Rd. thermie ird me I» rreleeel 4.4 con44.mul Anyue Oureuene N aunorm,  by anten• ehre nun to add4.4“4 • preittlia..17C. nee.. en a «not 'au. netel.h. Wag 
emt/14.10/1040tbrn Re, onel. 
«12410 eFfacepr.c.....C. 
EFTA00726996
--- PAGE 5 ---
GI
ea,,,b4 i„.....,„., n, e 
.„,,„„,, a„, 
Current FX • Conwnixlity ant 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared fro I inane., Trust as of October 29, 2010 
XAG1/731 
24.745 
304.11.171) 
1339A 
C43411547 
4011 
V5t0PY 
4,039 
331160 
$706 
3.10051) 
647.71 
IMMO 
1.3947 
vS00.13 
431 
USOCW 
09025 
USOCAO 
0193 
OODUSO 
984 
MOCK 
n(95 
Cenuttecl 
. . Was 
Trade Date 
Expiry Date 
Direction 
2343440 
02.24, 10 
SOO 
140040 
134.4.310 
Onto Out 
Otioinal 
Thriginal 
Genial 
COnlenackty 
Type 
'Motional 00 
Strike. 
Cuter:41<y 
Type 
Date 
Premium 
Premium (S) 
Premium 
"n"..
 (USW
240 
out 
100,0 
525 
11547 
Call 
03443.10 
1144000.03 
$1400 
'53960 
$ 
1254.00) 
SO 
PA 
5000 
1111 
Call 
134.44.10 
313430302 
517.03 
$0.00 
$ 
434:00 
at. " 
Con 046$11 139tlent Coivtass 
S 
171 000 
” 4 34414U4 trate Oar if lirefUYIN4106304.10311*04$41.000/6000Antn$OnnoDeOtn OP .Organ owe 4 0 ,,,e4 au umionity wows,* 
AR. µnut owu etek 744..334 1 4 1,049ln Tr•R CO.N A in renter s Ce On OK IP inner, 
'Lou,. Inc (IWO it • mate al no Now Vert Stack [ahem* anfedier Minna Ira eon-, ....ann. 
MASI 4 PO teelin.dealn. IIMINIMI 1031). 2IC. M added otActrutha• a Co inn *omen von. COW Irtaulta041+ Cr nnonon annon, 
IM kaWaq • sea pro.nos fee sMemutnaa own:mood, eneor In felioon to ion noon, Tr...anon, contanso n nommen. ard ern neenperron9On.aniefelart u 041$09 tut no 4130011$0 4711. 144011.$1$4$41,03. 31041,114.4.$°'‘ 
It.r.'n 3t OM colcubtors oi Woolf% 4900,0 tO Otretttle. OU1o* 00 nOt obtlet OS naPinannt O. i((u. Ml 09 03.033 474 46.03uts counituie au 14024344 440 we 4.0)4.3 07 <nor &Pax nate Pon tortniamt it $30 n400n 0/ Mum undcs 
run mono 4 not ..440.uu Olt. etht a elcabon In OS IMO., a lab el any fwartul ntrinsen Tin beninatelen rain Inns affitolei and mopes, man hdd a peenon cent n mann roster in the Inane. Intranet* 01 any anon Locum, h 
Pkvse non to )on ornod sleonon.0•44406504 SW OrnOlgobance Om Onftrern pikesv.9On Ant In aniotle thenten ed so0cos Inm14•04101eMbIn frO. OEM, 100,:I4 In attintd lot 194 OvitON 01 nillf, mblICOOIMMSCrif. Typo PION 
and etbagatt.d yoldi a 
laid Ann twined. mall 
and ewe um in to auurancet Ina On. gra$ cr V•Idi fan be nand 
Tro obritetors ate do moan toki. /Ain; or 6.40.1•40444 akar, 
nuesi has. an net *owe and moral 
OtnIato, otentr40.1400 govameof 03.1413 boil or SUR to. me Oey 'Oat. 031.4 FOC o aug 064.34(76, 441 4004 
font co4u3t3734.13.10033$6 44.3,14 8441 ufsestroldot tot %
 inferno*,  Or ettp, deg alt th1, 64C1i), 
ruumuutto41$1.x the to* we 010•4 woo 104410,11t 0340.01t4 lad Nay to 004lowluulUt1M140.1.1. Ar3 WC 4104.4013 IX 044144076 by **taut ono nos Ott 403O1.14411P0h0344 11$001/XtUt17•414 VW. *Int *only toe Xs*, 
mninietni, and MOM it by not 
CO 3010 Whieclan Or 
SOL 
EFTA00726997
--- PAGE 6 ---
I-GI 0 
iloo9.37.37. 
Current Fll • Comowlety rates 
YAGUSD 
745 
XPTUSO 
1706 
WOO 
09025
%MUSD 
XPOUSD 
USOCAD 
1359.E 
03.75 
0193 
C4PUSD 
Wal 
IURUSD 
1.3903 
AODUSO 
941 
VIDIPT 
39 
vSCCUr 
all 
vSPIO4 
Pig) 
s 
Nate 
Trade Date 
haw 
Dampowy 
wow, 
Strike 
Currency 
Dividend 
POP 
Upp:091 
Industry 
0.10 
hug Prue 
Unp ric,d""  
4.79,900 IPSO) 
6'W419 
MK ((tar, 
Delay Yorker, WI-Oas A 
5.00 
USD 
114514 
54990 
ockatrI41 
512.21 
$12.09 
18001 
74.9.10 
Ma Nutt 
Arab hearth Corr) 
403 
USD 
3.97% 
249.10 
1rnancial 
$27.93 
$27.73 
1,517 
1349.10 
DV Equity 
Demos< Prolutb Partners 
2500 
USD 
544% 
349.10 
9094 
535.55 
535.00 
124 44'0
Mal Eget. 
DWI Whop ks Corp 
14,000 
USD 
WO% 
549.10 
ToWnology 
$1420 
$125 
121312) 
15.49.10 
Vat/ 
Doltot Genera Corp 
3.009 
USD 
0.016 
5414-10 
Consumer. 40c 
527.0 
521.21 
517 
0.44h0 
10C kWh 
Wog Roalty Corp 
2050 
USD 
4.10% 
549.10 
inaWS 
$3400 
$345 
1,156 
2140,10
MTG WAD 
MOC Knottment Corp 
5000 
USD 
0.016 
541410 
Han 
511.125 
1300 
15.49.10 
MOW Equity 
&howl We/trues Tryst inc 
10,000 
USD 
7.15% 
541410 
FlnarDel 
59.75 
$99478 
1.978 
284 4410
ANY foully 
Wolk/ Iwo/mod Corp 
15000 
USD 
10.18% 
warm° 
inaWS 
$125 
$12.27 
04440 
40490 
KW Equity 
OW, Morro (oh9/ Puns 
4000 
USD 
WO% 
marl° 
Ent499 
5(425 
555.0 
122101 
004410 
RPT Lowly 
Rarachannwsoa hops er 
4500 
USD 
5.65% 
2%.49.10 
inandal 
$11.50 
$11.0 
E35 
19.49410 
KW Equity 
Wows City Southern 
200 
USD 
0.00% 
29444-10 
hckethal 
539.00 
00.01 
2.012 
004410 
NAY Chou 
400 
USD 
WO% 
2/444.10 
Cohnuaicaticw 
5950 
034 
4,012 
190,10 
P1/4 Knott 
PM Natwel Go Wm.° LP 
3.500 
USD 
5.51% 
294910 
EnhIlY 
521.50 
sa.a 
6319 
20.44440
SIN Equity 
Syncous Financial Corp 
100200 
USD 
1.84% 
9049.10 
hawed 
$2.75 
001 
24000 
/412440 
GTY Ewer 
Gully 11.019 Corp 
10000 
USD 
6.75% 
alay.10 
financial 
$090 
$21.0 
0107) 
40410 
MAC COWY 
"hooch Co Tilt' 
22000 
U51) 
4.11114 
2144910 
I Mimi* 
541.0 
59195 
123.1001 
0.00o0 
MAC US 092221040 Equity Mae.ich Co/llor 
USD 
411 
214%910 
Engy 
$10 
540 
MOO 
Eauin
Munsr 
USD 
GAO% 
3.44410 
E
r
nhi 
5W(r) 
556.37 
19901 
3.10.10 
Mf Equity 
MI Global Moldings CM 
12,000 
USD 
WO% 
344410 
030 
$1.41 
3474 
4.10.10 
Nth WAD 
Nu 5khEoterptber Inc -A 
200 
USD 
1.016 
4.4•410 
crow 
Oreturote.Chlic 
527.00 
527.05 
100 
91427.10 
Of Equity 
Gtablipant Enofpy Int 
500 
USD 
4.71% 
944410 
Mikis 
$12.0 
$13.51 
5,535 
14104.10 
RI. Equity 
POIO ROlph Lauren Corp 
10,000 
USD 
0.41% 
164.4.10 
Consurote.Cyclic 
501.00 
5445 
04921 
OW.10 
ECM Equity 
Mon Lodging Dux hc 
10000 
USD 
POW 
8.4410 
Woad 
050 
541 
1,100 
ado 0 
MUSA homy 
lortahrlia Holeirws Corp 
200 
USD 
POW 
184er 10 
Mathlah 
$2120 
515-
/A151 
WW1
WM COAT 
Ithincity mt 
200 
USD 
0.0% 
whorl. 
CownorikatIons 
5100 
1.166 
7201 
/61424'10 
4190 (4014 
Geier. SloiSme Cap 
4500 
USD 
1.04% 
1844.10 
hdowicl 
56.75 
54.9l 
720 
131427'10 
Ph (WTI 
PplCorporeboo 
7.500 
USD 
0.0% 
2344.10 
Whits 
14-44-10 
Energy 
524.00 
524.49 
1445 
1414110 
01010 
LIMP Equity 
OW Equity 
W9elan MotiLream tannest
011k Ted/WOOD 44
200 
2500 
USD 
USD 
POW 
0.0% 
05.0 
5100) 
SOS 
512.52 
1450 
6.293 
161410 
remota, 
0.10110 
PLO Equity 
ReddInc 
400 
USD 
WO% 
164.70 
rromair 
516.00 
$19.32 
1029 
24/010 
COOT Equity 
Green'
 Cap-Class A 
5.00 
0.016 
22.7440 
comma. NOm 
59100 
50.10 
31.515 
24/010 
SA WW1 
APetre 
CO" 
400 
1150 
0.016 
11)410 
Energy 
WOO 
SID.52 
12.972 
141410 
(WTI Equity 
tomishrtic Toraphaio Int 
2.00 
1.60 
WO% 
22../410 
Coratamet. None 
5430 
5450 
17501 
2910410 
MCP Equity 
Morhorp lac 
5.00 
USD 
0.016 
M.10 
Mettoab 
5140) 
512.73 
(6.1501 
291410 
MCP Equity 
&Whore K 
5000 
USD 
WO% 
M.10 
Sok liabotal3 
514.00 
$12.20 
0.001 
10/1 0 
BEE EOM 
Slorrocat Holds 5 ROOM I 
20000 
USD 
0.016 
30.24.10 
I KNIPP 
1460 
546812 
4449.10 
YEL Equity 
IWO Erotqy roc 
x4500
USD 
WO% 
440910 
MAWS 
$21.50 
121.6144 
2.148 
54010 
AMID Equity 
PrnI)09,  3O3Cabon Itercin9-40,
42000 
USD 
0.016 
5-Aug.10 
COrellOner. Nom. 
510.0) 
$99500 
15001 
.14,4910 
MOM Equity 
Maine no411444 In( 
;MO 
USD 
WO% 
-Aug-10 
Corauhrh Nona 
$27.03 
127.1792 
043 
1.40910 
120/21) Equity 
Mediamind TectrokWes Inc 
;MO 
USD 
WO% 
I11-Au
Cohnuaicationi 
12290910 
$11.50 
$157569 
(1960) 
0.4040 
451 Equity 
On
 Acroportutelo Su -M' 
2900 
USD 
0.016 
12409-10 
Inclustylal 
0410 
1445720 
15701 
0.409.10 
COT Eco/t4 
Cat Corporadon 
250 
USD 
WO% 
1240910 
Cerium,. Nom 
5560 
55901 
9/0 
0.4040 
50111 Equity 
SwIlealthcere Group IX 
200) 
USD 
0.016 
13403-10 
ommie. Mono 
$79310 
362 
044910 
ACC Eget, 
American Cast Commaniiica 
2003 
USD 
WO% 
172W910 
(Wadi( 
2727.
127.6000 
/100 
/5409.0 
PUNT WAD 
Pen...NW& IrereItotill Corp 
kW) 
USD 
0.0% 
18-4091 0 
WaralS 
$10.15 
5100900 
12401 
411010 
OUP 6:444 
Wotan Pane/arc to 
250 
LSD 
WO% 
810.10 
Energy 
$21.60 
$214001 
12991 
844910 
NW? Equity 
tomb 
4.500 
050 
0.016 
11-54910 
Coreurote.Cych 
$35.60 
5316()2 
271 
910.10 
Ni 61-44 
Nisource lac 
.000 
LSD 
WO% 
914910 
Whir 
$16.50 
1119700 
2.115 
16.9010 
HT Equity 
World Fuel Serrices Cap 
4500 
LSD 
033% 
1640910 
Coratawt.Chro 
$2100 
$25,118 
(68 
10.54910 
DGI Cony 
01914/404 44 
550 
050 
0.016 
wsemo 
Cownunlcatiore 
$30.25 
$3,641 
1.762 
0.9m-10 
Ut Equity 
!0 909049 Cap 
400 
USD 
5.97% 
17400.10 
Wain 
$2175 
$25455 
4132 
12.50-10 
NCH Equity 
!DPW Care Port roc 
1000 
USD 
IV% 
22194-10 
!wade 
05.15 
$47.076 
3.978 
1394910 
frodly 
&tatty exam Cap 
790 
USD 
5.04% 
23400.10 
financial 
$3340 
532.911 
011141 
23.94-10 
WPEE4uNY 
Wlisms Penner/LP 
100 
USD 
624% 
231010 
Energy
02.40 
542.116 
16051 
1390.10 
42/41 COW, 
Morn Tech/Pow Pa 
400 
USD 
0.00% 
23400.10 
r•omair 
54690 
4,140 
2.00-10 
71444 Equity 
Potroleo torPloroSpw706 
1000 
USD 
OA% 
24-594-10 
[new 
510.99 
531.040 
1350 
28.94-10 
PAIRS Equity 
Anon VC 
2500 
USD 
0.00% 
284010 
CasaW
Cnme, 
516.0) 
$16.996 
2.496 
18944-10 
YR% Equity 
Wok Malytict Inc.Cleas A 
400 
USD 
0.00% 
28400.10 
Nona 
$27.25 
$27.353 
617 
16194-10 
API EGAPI 
(KolbCornmercul Reel Estc4 
1000 
USD 
90% 
:memo 
InsdNIS 
516.0) 
$16216 
(47 
1090.10 
ELT [qty 
(Kw Group Sadull 
5000 
USD 
0.0)% 
30400.10 
PaSonial 
59.70 
54636 
13191 
30.5010 
104.10 
OW* Equity 
CLASP Equity 
Intropic ConorninIcetlan NM
Owapaake Lodging Toni 
5.00 
400 
USD 
USD 
0.016 
4.5% 
30-59910 
TechnOISIIY 
7.00-10 
Wanda, 
$13.0) 
516.25 
$11775 
516100 
4.449 
000 
4.04-10 
NMM Equity 
74031011.1771tonePretnenLp 
2500 
USD 
150% 
13-00.10 
hclustrtal 
517.55 
51830E 
1.355 
t1
.mar.10 
SIM Eareelr 
Solar [aerial Lid 
11,000 
USD 
1575% 
19027.10 
inanti• 
$2/.07 
521.837 
area 
.04.10 
taltra Penny 
Nenica Maritime Partners to 
403 
USD 
8.9(.% 
15.0a.10 
Posidal 
$12.15 
MEMO 
0601 
15.0D-10 
TOM hor4Y 
Toner Interratiorol bbc 
200 
USD 
0.016 
19.041.10 
Oreturote.Chlic 
513.0) 
512.813 
13551 
00010 
SW Equity 
StowpbamraCorpadr 
2550 
USD 
WO% 
2900410 
Coniunw, None 
$155 
$13.550 
0925/ 
17.0D-10 
HD Equity 
Prorogro 
)2000 
LW 
3.9)% 
27-00.10 
FlnarxIS 
512.20 
S110)7 
22301 
2100.10 
rue twin 
Pact Riavawcos 01 QM 
400 
USD 
POW 
27.onar 
Corauhrh None 
$1620 
516100 
2,100 
It C4.10 
1304 Equity 
Seawbe Contolner 1440w Li 
4500 
LW 
0.00% 
28-00.10 
WaralS 
510.(0 
$10753 
3367 
Equity syndicate Gauctins 
131,522 
Foul °Wan 
Track, OA. 
loot! 
Undrd)frifj 
Company 
(untratts 
Spa. 
Cutt•nty 
tnby trite 
Ctorunt Pricy 
Cantos'. 0.50 
21. 
21%9.10 
Sold 
8p Pk.Spora Ad. 
1.000 
Call 
51.14 
0.16 
021.6201 
22.1427'10 
16.04.10 
Sought 
ID PIC140(0•C4
1,000 
Cell 
51 
S 
238110 
C1014dEllialty Option Gainless 
$ 
1811701 
Tetsl Equity GalAtint 
41.957 
Globallnvestntent()pportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
To-pared for I inn/cod Trust as of October 29. 2010 
EFTA00726998
--- PAGE 7 ---
4.9•4.91 
Opprfe•99.-. 
G-I0 
Garnet Flt b Cconfoodltn9199 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Perporeel for Financial Trust as of Odobef 29. 101O 
%MUSD 
745 
ICAVUSD 
13590 
6691)50 
11041 
USCOPY 
1039 
MUSD 
17% 
%MUSD 
647.75 
IURUSCs 
1.3947 
Mat 
4I9 
'M Worganfrawl• Bair • the nrestatf. name b i h• panes barko9 bane. conducted br IP Yawn 0.4•• 9.2o.forthintatofanffactoto.92. lo. 22 ter. awasoc, NA .9-912 Vegan Out 28.129.. no mentorf of tho POIC.IP Megan 
549.09.43 IAC COMM is 9 roorlf fo 0f Me Now Yfsl SIOCk fonloot 4•4 <41, 0 naU0n$ arongromi it‘opo 
IMISI 4 TO tniket Only. Mentw I1951). 9K I,  461499 11940949 OUse & CO fl.4, Oper444.1,10.4.04/ bOktt 4441010 • ,...R.ItM 40.114,
-nun 
ma fallesmr9 • 9•99 ptirseled for orionrunonsl powwow" ardor int9910919 incur esiuni.IMornabonoints.nof ih. ramp 49:1 any '<comps 9999 eater...mown m1,99999. tog lethal to ay .4.9•919. motet wruaocek 
C1Ib19ROo6M foffoOfo wbctwl10 WSW. thr,99.79 
.an1Mib 00,14 
as 
MCW4CF • Ola4M 4,0 99:94‘94. Wnritult 0...),6)~4 and Re ...MID) crumeol99.9009fe. Nit 09109.104. O not F44.titt Of Ntiart.09919 
990mo...I snot monis atff. crow of onions.n for thOPOCK•1•01.0•0i any finsrool rtmomont froolootnadoo rdOa thaw affilewa and • roan,. 
1hdd.pabon vett et ovotoorsto mine il.8004.11.1eIalleb 01 arrynwr 
ba 
Poneawn 10990 OtT45/4 99,4 nm.9999na401 We wets 91999/999 99% 4,999.999991v.P.I4 MC Os 
tht9ro9 an, 90).99 !Poi st•orainh...k>as Km *My $ort0. 
01,909090, the PolOst. 0144199 90i 
<49910.9:ns 70.9099(es 
fritheisapitmd ?Old • I. 0and ,s,ce. moor°. memo* no non cf be no IIISIFICKOItral Van. rens co orld. can b ,wand Moagnon end pagnvnn Ida CektV0.01rnonmadoelonditlevrothal 'auk on no: 0pa word re to. 
*tow°, of. Of 009140 0 9...r amtol 19 99 tun Cr Pet, t. M, tre thCy .1, 90N t Ib MCO. , n11WW•,, C.,41.11,0 
Maw mrunw%I9, Stas94, Tn‘ww Sint ow.. moos kr eapn,nlomebm of ...offing aro loony...an 
• 
iroba.nsao, • for petal. Lai of 19• 
9furt9i • ge..11.18, 4 M. to proffq•chockenforost Any uo..99ent..t.00 of Cupsurnan 
ars*, afro, tarts aelltfou• prelsbnal If you n t.Tan met. pits toli9 Po roil 
19•40990 493 
tan. ,
to 20101,199P9 Chive aCo 
EFTA00726999
--- PAGE 8 ---
GIO 
/a,,,,..4 i„,.......,,,, / 
.. i.,..„, 
Current FX • ComenodIty rates 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
P•ppared far I Inatural Trutt as of October 29. 2010 
XAGUSI) 
745 
ICAUUSI) 
I 359A 
C4310150 
1.6041 
VSDIPY 
9019 
XATLISD 
006 
XJOUSD 
647.7S 
IURUSD 
13147 
VSCCIP 
441 
USOCI* 
09925 
USOCAD 
40193 
AUDV50 
994 
VSVIOK 
SOS 
PRA. 
Noboru/ 
Currency 
Catimption 
Fixed Rate 
Clete Out 
Trade Date 
atatudty 
Elle(tiv• 
Date 
Caen 
Ganlinas 0110) 
2504,10 
'Ward I 
150t4-10 
soomeacao 
USD 
IPA 
0915% 
1901Nr10 
112.000 
S40.10 
ISAAantl 
ISANDUI 
S000p04000 
USD 
ERA 
Ct976% 
140p.10 
S 
ISS.000 
Closed PAM esintaaaa 
JJ0 ono 
'/I I/0930 Dar* kW if IPS an,404196/000 IPS CA0te birka0 Wanes 4010/009017 alOrlia Mat E(0. WO 0000114/ AD anOnde. / P. Maga. OWA Sant PIA. d/d1P 1.3.1pro Tetat CO .NA ON rntn1010,7010 FOC JP ,AX9M 
i•IIIM.IPS. On0fIln • amine el Ow New Vest Rack Fated. ard °Dor rubanalardrrateiclunpn. MASI • On tenat.dooln.orpnebn RAID. UK. M eclanian Walenun Owe 4 Ca mei oppugn vane. Olin Inelainlionno. enrAnni &OA., 
voihn 
rn 
omen 4Inra glilvdtdia aderenatendpUnana orb, anrat 'A nliaate tonna Inliast. Informs). mann.. a On nape rd any wonpanon9 *mammon.% rdadrq tut net inns se wry nurse% moist vdtuainek tilmanm. 
dAnne.dia 01:uators o. csanni. a 0040.0 JO licadWde. Inn nt 07 riOt aln.IM At CarnpletentS0t10/04t Opin:ns ..1tinnoan COnstibile Da Intyrest and We 'Aka 0 44rDe NIPOKIICA[7. Rat 4404.0410 4 not b400.7 01Mart MAUS 
rm. mans . 64* 4rfAS (read n /noun,. attnemno for datpdcaawee label any finrani wesunam Innangernienn Ann. nor Init. 
and tapbnis man hdd • pottban or an as nmast water nth* Ininconninuare ...any man chomp:1h 
Pt se tic. ,owa °mod ye', n0000.000a 14*On101 gantnUt 0D 41004M OrketvalY0 nten 4011POt then,  a a t an, vo)90,11.015004101oMbnInal ( an antet OtAbUined aOr lb pvigne 0 nit1n) n0400 40•10ens TD040/100 
nns atentatetenth do bniclnnennoorinhmalinsliannlionanin ea donna Dann's* pant synch can be reatDd Da attannontind Do unman WO ofkinel or tic ennead** and., nnbal kadb. mono< atents re et rob 
otnanom 0. et trAosun Cen ciente, 4'. my Pr% MOOR to, Neghty IWO.",  4' IN FOC*, 10 / Ontoan•40 4900. 
rn.n Co'...,, la,  , P We'9,^ P", V4 SM. •trestroon IN soPe. odornoso+ or gowdm any tlifiatli3, 
nnsnnvalt)e,  a 1:. madam! 040
 Mona iOnntant i*Wreal led nay te pneleged end toratancal. any mu. aimiNtio. or cliosovon by.,ve taw go,  um icUretittiip01.01:44 11 'Portant Vain WPC OcaseI0lat Re WAD 
mnAlms04-4141. 1" 11 banal 
K12010 Onarg•n (Inn I Co 
EFTA00727000
--- PAGE 9 ---
GIO 
u.6 4  ht.. ,....,.. i 
.,..„,, a, 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Plepared for I 'Amnon, 1 ru ft on of October 29, 2010 
Cumin FX • Commodity rotes 
X&GU$D 
24.745 
ICAUUSD 
13594 
GOMM 
14441 
MUM 
6039 
MUSD 
1706 
XPOUSD 
547.75 
IURUSD 
13947 
11500? 
WI 
U5000 
0.91121 
USOCAD 
1.0193 
AUDV50 
0994 
050410K 
54495 
PrMerreds 
Trade Date 
Maturity 
S40 Pour," 
Company 
Pat Palm, 
Lame, 
Industry 
Cormoy 
Coupon 
c kn. Out 
I alai O.., 
Don 
1-..T.rd 
nary t evil 
Unwind level Clunlinf RAM 
15-1/.0-10 
AD,-1010 
IIIIII• 
/PM Ova C.Pt 
MOM 
nnloOnr 
USD 
070% 
29-1.440 
57.12333 
2500 
23114.30 
An,-2010 
555. 
Ipm Chase LPL 
120300 
f thin( ial 
160 
6.70% 
30Jul.10 
551,02005 
2500 
21-01es- 10 
Aro.n40 
en. 
Wm ewe coot 
151.900 
remold 
USD 
9.70% 
24000 
564314.92 
2500 
/to 30 
ner.2040 
Me 
ipm Our Caµ 
110.776 
Oro/rad 
USD 
6.70% 
344.9.10 
5449015. 
25.00 
246500 
1.235 
246526 
S 
9.158 
244454 
13.945 
246701 
$ 
10.355 
Closed Preened. GfilnitOn 
'IP. reargen Yonne emu n IS erdetetnitnine b the passer orrionitommtmendartmo Ift Morgan Oa I Ca. anzhe ulnneunninarktosso. sis merest map ern. NA am W. lAxgan Mat Ce.NA an mentor, of di* POIC.11. Ifergan 
k004,0 WPC CIAMPI is • amber 011PrethemY(.15mit Extromp TM <Mr roritnel ord moon,' toteensm. MO 40,t0,4 , 04/kl.nlentief PoiS0.9K. n 10Mron. *Mows Chou a Co ono optratmonam Om broket0etleil Or nosencol 40AM 
wbbn 
TO•ignnwrg • bon) warded In ranwainf.1 innels• mt. rata re mcomr...70,0 Milked. illierM•e0,0e,l14, 4 ti mar...nays as any uconpentrgecwenentalson. nOatirq t.. eel Inns toserynanatthdrattenvatuinnktuanyng 
tiehmstom C1I0M-Ont 0 IIR.O.,115. 41104.44 tot* ieltWe.lhn vx 0* nog ..n4m its caraway or klAin4 0906:ns 3.1.100V*II$ COngitult 04. Mire"( MO IbItia"1 to (Puo)t•IPOLA °CCU, P4t1tafon•ta<f 4,1011.0(Vite of kmat mita 
Ilinmalorull • not irnoned a *neg.. or Newtown for the u.:honor pool any (warms, reumnt Thrbrceetraiteder. nib, thew affilea. Ina rnpanns onq hard • pounce. et *a newly, antler 04144 'mood nntrumee ...any naun thews!! h 
Int.se 041.1010. 0100d liar4no, U(Onflong." %Comm guiramm Om 4010aM prim volV4 Mt M IMAM ebardsne .001.4.2Milh)1500410loMbnl l•CmOthef IGMOt4 be Waned 'Of the ono* of milk. •torlot4afivf*crik Tometpson 
/and JOISOPIt.d yoth in earthman mord. maims% ind dun an bo re mummer Inn Inns pros spekh an M. melted The ablqatent and the MINSIOI toll Mora er tionneadedordineg mutual two( nerd amp ard nom 
OM iiat ors use. emend Cr emeritus) M. toy WM Or Oeift to' We lf, CY 'WON AIM FOC Of , n/ C.StOine#01100.4. 
NOW ov...a )4. ) PL ks:v9•4 M•••• WI Mrtster.elot lO, MOW 0,10.400,  Or ItilMlinil in/ tlif6X03, 
Thif *olo'./40,  * tor Om We tot 01 toe tel.:ARO...0,0, 4 ir Montt sad nm to omega MI (0M140.00. Any wedlimsboSoNoteut44,1bn by oyo.e olio this M51030414* IIPOW:id 1/ $1)1lIIXelvtlh1l. til.I.011/64 , 01ily0 4. WOO 
Mind us., rd arm it by nal 
ZOKIPMorma Most ti Co 
EFTA00727001
--- PAGE 10 ---
GIO
,,,,.6., l„,..,„„.„,, _,..„„„„ 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared foe Finarts 01 Trust as of October 29. 2010 
Current FX • Commodity sates 
)0010D 
745 
MIAOW 
13594 
4139115D 
1.0341 
USD/PY 
0039 
%MAD 
1706 
XIOUSD 
647.75 
!DRUZ 
13947 
UWCI 
489 
USD011 
0.9105 
USOCAD 
10193 
%MUSD 
0904 
05131101( 
56495 
Flied lascorne 
Slade Date 
Mfitiality 
504 Ratl.id 
If Sue 
ina.a1V$D 
Cost 
r.`" AmWnl 
bt'a 1 'On 
CuincY 
Coupon 
'Lk... Out 
I'm, 
rm., int 
it 
ni 
in, 
C,,I.,. 
0) 
12'19X'14 
15-44.16 
B. 
4481%1108 5101t 3/000.000 
5.000.000 
505 
050 
7.750% 
1640140 
$041.11 
100000 
0444,0 
014414200 
B. 
had Mow Gad 45,142400 
5.010000 
024 
USD 
7.375% 
1446140 
5124910.50 
102.850 
I? 44/.10 
21.0a.201.1. 
Petrokos De Yee 43214750 
5.030000 
326 
1.5, 
4900% 
224000 
faux% 
335 
il Co-u) 
19-0o.1014 
CCC. 
AM Corp 
41001.250 
1.034000 
3.54 
USD 
<ass 
20.0n.10 
51,25528 
100.0s 
KILN 
$ 
24.611 
101.65 
$ 
65490 
62.75 
$ 
MU 
mite 
$ 
79,965 
Closed deed WOW* Gain.I.S. 
SI.ild.4 
'JP. Vargas /nuns Mar • ihernaartait nano b thepante \Mop banes tonehcied NOP. Ilorgan Mr • Ca. IS kb wallaidann whisk. SP. Meipnala• link KA. and W. Megan Mat Ca. NA any meter. NU. POICA.P. Mogan 
kfk/P.:fl WC ~I 
it I ..<1.1)0 011.* Nem Y 4/4 St
 Colopt itd %no attitod Aro ettood odono. MAD A Vhe tratt.0tOf I. menbet 1030.94C. 0 ad3103n. /Mow. Owe 6 Co ato *Dodo ..0b$ 400 001.04e41.0 Or otettneM UMW, 
lebtlei. 
1111. .0 iPSIM 4 Ineg pore., ler rdamistonsi prem. eet7 rev. o moos% 01.7C•It rmaiaki. Ink:gnaw, manna a th. glair and an/ won pww..• eaurniatnen. et bap tQl hel *mad tO•Mtei•Mth.lriketot valuainak tinning 
0natostot6 utdatots O. mown laden% 1.010 0000.1sul oe et MI no.10 As 044/ lettorosOl kflaats 004:ns an% tYin‘dta COnslitult (co Mire( 04 MO 4.0)•61 •5 (holt &Pax noea. Pottostooaxe 0 sot 04400 0 Mott %Wks 
Ilin truth,' • not aseem. titan ollfn en upla.non for th• wean* or mini any M1nom al Minn," Thobrotnanirk nib. Ohm OM anti 5e0 infant. /nog had • poen*, o. .I•• motet nrot.• lathe Imam, knimmett, of ony mu*. dim...lb 
Innne ,t.. ,0 )0.1 &teal WM. comatTrinalos VeCornagootottets.044totmorldsvahldattbtataltAteelsoatioe 04 sm.% Doi wool %lab% acoothet so4os be dsts044140.4 polo% 4140109 00404 01403tni TO
 Coltes 
/and WISOP•txd leach r. bate ,r or .....es, mon% ra thenanIn to avdtatalal lhal On. mute/vetch an be naked The difq..ant and die mon% weld efloso at m000mest ..06.4.% mays, Ism* an net eleposs rem nal 
OVIkrto, of. w tedf ex.' (.. 9...vaniN0 ty. toy WM Oran  too we Oty 'wo4 to the FOC*. try ffrovorowl tigtnt$ 
NO.. <.'"..a 10. i P. Ih>lOarn, /4 e.ni mrtsterall.< lo 4.044 inttonOto a gowd43 07 00%0 Oa 
1101oloo00,  a 10100 Oar v4 0/ 00. 0:n0a blotto,  +I a 4100Std. AV Nay le 004tged tad Itoaho441. Any We. 48160.004 0104401bn by ^one faro dos the 103rtfltt • gronbted A nu liXtletlha Is OW. Oka* POW, Iftft.kg 
4^^" ,`"/ rd .Hula 4 br, .." 
80001444.4 Close. Co 
EFTA00727002
--- PAGE 11 ---
GIO 
lerfl0 FY 11 0onovi00803/ on% 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
KAGLIS0 
24. 743 
34W30 
3394 
600300 
1.6(141 
USCOPY 
0339 
lOPTUID 
MO 
XPOUSO 
60.33 
RIPIUID 
1.330 
USD0) 
HO 
01000 
03631 
USOCAO 
1010.1 
AUDUSD 
0384 
USDNOR 
SINS 
Otsp.e..I 
Ono.n.al 
Cwt... 
(Ion 0.41. 
2..A. 
re... O.I.. 
I.. ,, 
u...“... 
rd.t..nui 
C.,......,, 
0.....m,on 
1*....1 not. 
s VP. 
..t.„._.„, 
pt.-As...At l'-. 
l3s^'-'-"" 
Ant 
[...e.t.a 
1.1.r10.1 
2240.10 
244.43r 10 
Sold 
510.1:03.50) 
USD 
3..0 000 
4350% 
Recast
S00.000 
010% 
4142430 
NA9.0.10 
1002.0%0 
X 344.10 
204 /0T 10 
Sob 
510.070000 
USD 
Sosoption 
4250% 
60.0301 
5113.03) 
1.13% 
.S310.030 
NANO 0 
1267.600) 
30.4pr.10 
20401%.10 
sought 
Si Osamu, 
USD 
Swopbon 
•650% 
eq. 
.sistrea 
vi 
01440.10 
1154 03% 
11.4.40 
144un.10 
Sold 
$10.(00600 
USD 
Swopbon 
•650% 
Ileum. 
5124403 
IS% 
.5333500 
144m10 
1304 50% 
31-643o10 
/*Mole 
Sold 
510.00)00) 
USD 
34105100 
4330% 
ResseWer 
$136.03) 
1,36% 
.51.10503 
30.4A.10 
11.604500) 
14.)uor10 
14.34410 
Sob 
510.00)00) 
USD 
34105100 
4350% 
ResseWer 
5561.500 
162% 
SO 
14%4 TO 
561.500 
2444.00 
)64u1.10 
Sold 
S10.(03000 
USD 
Insopbon 
•650% 
Ovum. 
3840403 
OM% 
2644.10 
113M..10 
13.4.39.10 
Sold 
310841.001 
USD 
Swopbon 
4330% 
Ovum. 
5544603 
SAS% 
134.443•10 
54300 
)04u0.10 
00010 
Sob 
510.503.00) 
USD 
3..10003 
4350% 
Ressehor 
51.101503 
11.0)56% 
.32.M.00O 
244 00.10 
11.101.500) 
MAN Swopbom 04iviAsos 
S 
'IA Moque Mont Ion s is Os nAteas %me kw 0Asslosettsnago 0...eµ senlonsd WO. Volson Osase 4 CO..0% solektuitswoMoide AP. SA0044<tost 004. MA. 0001 1/0,5Nn lrelA CO M6 me Aerbos of IPA f DC. 11.104opn 
Lfelill...41.491.4. melt' 0103103. Yak 50.50 4o4nn .loo.a 
AossAd ad 000%1 0000% 600 Oil% loOlor 4040. means 000 Sift lo•04401.1000.n064.4 CO. co. %Wale votntha 
001m *Sat Oil.VAFIV4 
...eve.M.. 
• Edbannq asp 
...ad 
tannive•Coul pap.. one nate 
..net. byour requ. likemalb.tonanal 1. Ohs slump ind re .14.., 000,1c/Xuntr.eillbrOntladita WI ROI Witted to eg egYstolataclwil alums.... ftelumn.a. 
ailnaseNn..<•Nutcoun *entity A totbeaS fa t• reloby ba.p.d.nm.......atit 11 teerfakatt CV Wily, CpnoundonmewensInvao, .ukr..anin..1....
•M•a•tg....:Ock Pat Pincon..• ,,.. n 4. 14, of iv,.. 
b. T. salvia is not OWNS as an OW ft sotoinkin en we tug** In* 
ol sy 44w6ableifigfe41 Of 5,050 dean amkof Os,  "taus and to 11911f .... NM a poaticno• an as 'wit. ovi or n the IN , 6,0 Am./reshot an.. ina 0 
nis Mn Ica N., &Mai itmnenrteinfrrabon WoUnndjurna•••••1.:11/Wril Na meal net to sof ob....10,116n S•dt4pellailhalt.onliaaatlen• frasothe warm ent.tmeed faith. p.n., CI Mahe r•Cp.and ukaabn.... Twirl 
ond rtictWoll vial i s If t leit4 v p)....0..• .44.41 4, 0 thee on 04 no Nor 040 0.4%04 Ass. o. Assns. IA %SAM . Ise 03S.A.0% 04 the 140.034.504 .30 Atil 0 sesoss.0000, 44.00 Amino SeOs me no140330114,0 me r01 
Asnenk 01, 0:1,00S.WHIC, ea , tatted b/..10Wil 0 [Wilt rat We aft rousol I% too lac et onponoorrAtui oc0AY 
0000 poo 1 P. 01439g %AM 01% moo %Also% SA I..~ 
i.fon...14 4 of 0044, 0 ast VossAliaa 
oeonmesen Isla ow gob uo oi to gone. to =ran in asdantaw4 and m.ry bo paillmal sad ashamed An, SW. darbak. 01 disAsom bosom% Atha Mn the alston• 4 groMenod II ”sa nave this A Any, oleo* •4400% %%A 
tot#0.1.4%Irtego R10, ma 
30101%Anps CASA 4 CO 
EFTA00727003
--- PAGE 12 ---
GI
c,...L.,,,,.....,„„., . ..... ..„,...„ 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepare.] for ttnanoM Trust as el October 2% 2010 
LW ter. EX 11CtovrmOday fain 
%AGM 
74$ 
XMNSD 
13594 
GOPUSO 
11041 
U50,1 
1035 
OPIUM) 
1190 
1O.2O50 
647.75 
WNW) 
13047 
u500) 
4t0 
U1001, 
0.0825 
V50tA0 
10193 
AMMO 
0914 
USONOR 
58495 
Mal Retro 5 
Tra0.• Oat. 
"I ' Un 
" ' bird' 
lindwrlyer; 
longlOon 
Shan 
Oat* 
Oeto 
um 
'Wood (too 
it:
7:
i 
todo.t, , 
r.„,„ rut. 
ti..usr, ,. 
oo,..to 
: u: 
15270970 
I 
lE11.44Z) 
Closed Tole. Return 5vmpt Clanton 
• 35 
Menet RION 
- 
Ira*. Oat* 
Maturely 
"f r 
Notional 
Comeau. 
doolplion 
Fwd Rate 
ovol 
a t" pia 
Gainless 01501 
One 
2114.010 
10apl2 
10043.4. 
125.COOOD 
USO 
It.. horsy M 
1. /504 
5120.521 
≥S1n IG 
225,030 
10apol0 
054,•012 
05Marl 1 
125000000 
050 
Itoc hooey fll 
1.130% 
$12.962056 
15411•010 
227.050 
10./bol0 
2104.12 
21.0011 
110)0.0)41:00 
Rof 110401 
4150% 
1.2.59143 
3095.10 
(54.5000 
2544)110 
B.114012 
2.14/011 
13.0)60)41:00 
RP 
Rof MORN, 
4150% 
1.2.42117 
309510 
61.50(0 
264u110 
210004040 
2,44.00) 
.0:00.0)0 
050 
Pay holt. fll 
4310% 
.S2160222 
164...010 
0.10%0X0 
tlauptl) 
itauo20.0 
0.0•010 
Itte00.0)0 
050 
Pay holt. fll 
4250% 
3141/30/ 
164...010 
0.091.0X0 
Iddult0 
161m300 
101410 
10.0)4(00 
050 
P451.ilet NI 
4350% 
.501616/34 
240.410 
IL321.t00) 
Closed totem, Me Swept Gaintom. 
I 
L., 
Iraq Om. 
Malmsey
t " * " .".
Om
Noi.un.I
Conan„ 
Coomnption 
rued 11.1• 
Co wl., Cot 
Ch'""wi
A... 
A" n' d 
Ln e' d 
1...r...lo.. ono) 
"'"" 
24440.10 
.frie0t010 
244.11•10 
.1050.030 
050 
Pay 1.9ae: m 
44565% 
.$213)448 
104/4r10 
11.0300(0 
24440.10 
1St •01010 
l5.(50000 
WD 
Ub Tremor/ NO 
•9)15% 
14,102.241 
1%010.500 
$24X611 
41145 
184/lap10 
$ 
1055;104 
(Wad )0”..r swop mood GalateM. 
.... 
Closed Swaps Gain4074 
S 
16.046.0.181 
.11..latian loom Sant' oils natkeono sane la PM poem Salm bonen oonoel.4 to IP. Mom Oa •Ce • anclaa oaNallanouncel0o00 it Mama aro tot. NO. and,/ Vegan tou Co .NA. aro rumba. atm 10C J.P.Motwn 
• wits tro10049Ma Roving cf the Mo. OOk Stock CoONO2e awl 00o• mOom/and.upaulolon)to 11.41 a the lo(kodeatto rcerren. WOO 9K to 46.14ot 11441,10. Oust 4 Co no. op:mit won (Ow NOM, dcoUs 0 .rorAnlet 
P.M.') <Milks 
r. e 100"n) .s Mu' frY../cd k.',6”......., 00P,M,  Only lif.SNY ie. rep0, 10014.1 crams Monnotonuowed.n tho 'sewn< ...lane occaparouo dooncroo oft .roodoo tot .01 onto) to ao roaop..natoo ...wor k /okay., 
at/onion usiloot. es wino, 4 &w.
 so to ota to undo nal swum fa anoneaant se wormy. Cpnou nd osteramenona ea ado. t ani.•.al.Mon.°..MOnm,40. 
Pm,  F.I..^. ,* al sc. ndystM...n.n.• 
.../a. Tio. flagons, Snot alme.4.1.. an OW cc gacilselonke tito pedmis.a. ulo Glory ..n..48Mtioaltroni elm tratar.duln anon that annotnaototolornona, hekta portion or am Norio auto a the Mould enuanot otanormar 4 
Nan NO1 top. olocuidowommouunoton Yawn,. tory*. sat RI/woo NoosotuU not to out afro thavAt. ardogainktel‘elWan.11oakalattri teen etM• Kara. to. Cbtated tan th. Cana. CI moth* tmt.....mtchulortota. TIMM 
- Wm *ad eatiomma self • no Coma ors..i......0. .../....../....rdthonsanto no. .taro. tot wow onto. o. 0aum bo nuln4. TM et 14...m. aid *I im.$4,4 Cal **EA al fleannenklimludegiluital ...M... an nal 4,96.•15 sodsaw Iii 
. t.„,,,,„ 0. „.,,,,,, a 9,..,ta.4 try. 0.0.4th cv It.o.11. roe ore *outfoxed lu the Kat van( inotursoaoNnO 
(nom son I P.M.," Mato* ropoonuo. toe hewer nhorumo ea nosortlep au tretwoon 
ran ..00matko WIN the Mle use RI *emu" to oton ii 4 aoloolot allovt to PUtoltd ad unlidernal Anzac tigntotion.0•04.1440)A0yotoeneRthoPonlheadiKeofroNtited 0 pa T00000 Oa*. New MON the wife 
ernacheeir red noon Moon& 
341011,MnpiCkot 4 to 
EFTA00727004

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727005.pdf
----------------------------------------
IPMorgan 
Global Investment 
Opportunities 
Group 
Account Position 
Summary 
p, epand f - rin."“m Tn., Aso) AAY 10.) 010
Asset Mena ement 
(lets. PS 6 C44•440414414744 
440424 
17935 
)0TUSO 
1S70 
%KOCH{ 
11111 
1(401/99 
POMO 
USOC40 
11(011 
0495 
1.5276 
0111.1SD 
15611 
CURVY. 
13311 
01/1960 
0135 
0S0PT 
1441 
USOOP 
121 
USD404 
40)67 
t....ie too 
9.00,,. 
0-9-01 
424.042 
cow 
„ 
h..,,,00„ 0
,.....„.„....,.., 
4.t.. 
( 0,070 t 
Gwent Owl Coneto Petals Cm"... A" in GPnloss WWI 
r7ohott 4.te 
an• 
ti
ll
264.710 
260410 
OW 
5.219(0) 
IM 
5.021$14 
264,10 
1.0.31/31 
10201 
10276 
0.0402 
10156 
51116 
202.510 
2309.10 
1.14 
07.031403 
1.513 
0.17/101 
2009.10 
472 
47,73 
MM 
MOM 
NCO 
141221 
Opal S*4004 100100 Ms. 0404710 
S 
304‘477 
IMO 
eat 
04411410.4 
0.04145 Oats 
Preteilon 
Cunemy • 
49144
Cotonty 2
wet
.
.,,,,,,, 
c,...„.„00,„ I
tome 
011,10. 
00004,1 
Or0not 
Pototos 
Si."... 111 
Comm 
Sissy.," 
Ocie110 
1001 
P W 
7002.4
I) 
IA 
v$0 
8339. 
4.00 
21,19010 
21.140 10 
$010 
AUD 
CM 
3.49500 
VS0 
11.0 
490040 
044% 
.34.56211 
4.911 
31.10710 
21.34010 
UN 
AUD 
°IA
4101440 
09440 
050 
CO 
Co-4 4) • 0,63 
110 03000 
1442% 
49011$121 
17011 
11440.10 
110490 
10094 
PT 
AA 
10.4030)0 
93109 
USD 
(5
100.4010) 
4.700% 
114411570 
021.11 
1144040 
1140041 
UP 
PY 
CM 
110:0,000 
935030 
USD 
Ihn 
00.0 0 OAS 
14791030) 
4700% 
.$01411454 
044949 
Op.. FX 0911070•99170,40•410 
474441 
1)0141CO• 
Ciintesey I 
SYS. 
4..0040 tee) 
Slate 
Cptrowy a 
Tppe 
Root. 
0791,941 
00.41 
Promos 
Peen.. IP 
<wool 
Prays 
64,00014 MO/ 
/9/4240414 
*epics Oat. 
1101110 
ISOC110 
10074
4.v, 
Cal 
10)50 
9) 
140 
M 
1401407 0) 
$101 
124 
494373 
60940 
1109.10 
SAO 
Val 
KA 
140340 
60$ 
USD 
Cl) 
100(0303 
1403 
4172 
214.13 
040..10 
17.41041 
Owe) 
IM 
CM 
14000) 
100 
USD 
hit 
445403303 
4450 
1192 
$ 
07.5/11 
010710 
17441911 
1440 
WD 
0.1 
1(0340 
6) 
USD 
CA 
5491013 03 
1450 
43.03 
$ 
147.0S) 
Opt. 0.7 00 7/10 Opts.. Mot 1004.104 
. 
Cto-7771 
 vs*
x1...4042 
77o to 
tut70-70 
too, P 
CDs., res• Comb 0 11001 
o.0). Doe 
1.4. 11 
0491204. 
4919700 
LOD 
114 
194. 
414.2411 
Ilw0nn.n 
175007300 
Op*. AesticeSlyeei bitiekils1/0441 
s 
4.470 
41:44411neca 
',oh- rot. 
to.. 
ty 
7.0 
KK..e 
inli.1401,01.
, 0 
Pate At0000l 
Dwolion 
(04001 
Co..., 
Nett Cali Ohre 
Tts...
thini3O",1 
Imo. level 
CceierM Ms, 
Ciao,. sap ro l 
1244470 
014* 
i 
1040.4010000 41142.100 
5.04400 
041 
140 
).3y% 
114 
111 
102410 
101.15 
N446 
31444910 
114072011 
Owl Mots Owl .31030,000 
S.00400) 
0l) 
USD 
ST179. 
WA 
$11.9.31 
10103 
101,41 
IMAGO 
3510710 
010/01014 
Mew ledgwq I 
45117,100 
1044003 
3.13 
USD 
50.000% 
WA 
523,144.47 
10111 
10775 
104,147 
1701010 
20012014 
Atlf4040 De Vet 412)6.250 
1.00510) 
31S 
USD 
4990 
PIA 
15154147 
64336 
(0.13 
03727 
41.00010 
11407011. 
reed Pets Crat 
.51041.9), 
S0.000 
310 
USD 
790316 
PIA 
14.433.13 
90.419 
10)03 
13537 
2300710 
014.49/04 
to 
C56/00 VC 
44.725.0)0 
1.00330) 
SS 
100 
7009 
001442010 
19.03536 
9451 
9520 
1.056 
17447840 
014/414119 
Bo 
CR Group he 
.54012,130 
1.0010:0 
521 
USD 
00140310 
511%.7154, 
9221 
9033 
141500 
14094.10 
15992013 
Mt 
Mews Liqudall .1%000,000 
110:0000 
5.34 
USD 
411516 
WA 
POI 
34003 
3444 
014.2034 
7.1010 
1.54011 
MR 
490911010 
410.101(03 
11(03030 
1A0 
790)9 
PIA 
14472222 
103030 
/1010 
0022 
Oro F.044 Intanehl+76 go 4404.4 
439950 
040t4 IlusN4149 
hole 0744 
matortlY 
"4947" 
Im:„ 1,r °
P444 090)^1
1.' 6.' 11. 0
SuassY 
C0000 
Ceiresett lit 
Teisti Int 
level 
40500 
0404.x4 0..4.%W 
097000 MO) 
1.5,053 
2,,,,,,,,40,2
SPX 
319104. 
S.IX 041 
1034.11 
0.24% 
1101 to 
514,44444 
MO) 
15041 
445PIS 
Open 44940 Plut. Nets 44•04044•Ote 
S 
44,910 
0•4449004 
74.34 .
(040011 
. 
• 
1544970 
02401040 
0101* 
100 Chat.C.001 
ZS 
162076 
0011100 
050 
4794 
0740715 
$1521716) 
1501 
70 
71919 
204.444.10 
02444•4040 
IN. 
1900 004 Caw 
IS 
amestit 
010 
470% 
01.449.11. 
51241491 
1491 
NA 
153,771 
40400 
004019410.4114•41.6010arket 
704.717 
159014,445 044.6 
hole Dote 
mat9.110 
CO0paerc 
10004 
14040,0 
(twenty 
Isles 10401. 
Coo4.94 .Me G00104( 1010) 
11.40.10 
1601411 
5.)5( 1> 0474 lot 0124 
15209 
9.1)9193 
(M 
1210 
0520 
'9)02)91 
11.4010 
2104912 
USE C470401 2040412 
04161 
1.9050 
OA 
11030 
938) 
$ 
4/6699/ 1
1344040 
21470.11 
Sin 07•04.1Put Dall 
SOSO) 
%WOW 
OA 
10103 
MAO 
1, 
171.110 
Open teroStoes Covolotte49.1404.40tet 
S 
0.4410) 
71.41•1:04e 
€""""""... 
eth 
00.0.00
Cesssisse 
CieeltroCts 
Stet 
GYMS," 
SYS• 
:s
ree s 
(wit, rise Caistc it WID: 
).n 10 
5141410 
9$, 
0410141140 
1.073 
USD 
Cl) 
1320 
1041 
$ 
641.0)01 
12-7,0) 
51.01.10 
00.ito 
Ile 41.5504044* 
>3 
050 
410 
DIAS 
WM 
MAN 
.7174 4 (Pay Optima Mark-tealaelet 
s 
(S4401) 
1)7404... 
,,,, „ „, 0, 
,..., 
trade D...
CePeetesSY 
Yield 
to,..
:,,.„ 
1400910 
SO0C104910 
17403 
050 
114% 
$2207 
$2062 
$ 
(14001 
1544.93 
Phol*COAr Double two 
10.003 
USD 
000% 
1144. 
1.7111 
am 
44.145 
Opea 60).41401, 040400 
24151 
41044.94.
77.0 Coo 
4t ON.
Ssis “ 
0. 
Vressflillso 
0,014401 
Thanes 
Rate 
Spread itp.) 
: 
Orr. 
Cetus 
1,044.. 
Entry Vol.
too., root 0..r•... unoi 
1940 10 
20A010 
ZS <4/11 031rtan 
100 
20.140 
354 
0414 
17.30.4 
$3254420 
51441 
519152 
I 
(19,51 
20449.10 
44.4.0.10 
20504.11 Coker. Wb 
4090 
3109 
351. 
.1,1 
.11541102 
14.771.910 
Insroal 
11)0191 
111052 
0411211 
050) Opal Mown 190.• st•040.40trkot 
101,310 
EFTA00727005
--- PAGE 2 ---
.PMorgan 
Global 
Investment 
Opportunities 
Group 
Account 
Position 
Summary 
Asset mana ement 
a 1 of ['mandril TrUP.I as Of Aliy IC. ?OM 
Cionea. FX • ftweepoulltir rate. 
XA0/40 
),IS 
XAMO 
11919 
09$110) 
I MU 
OMIT 
KM 
nitn5 
5510 
%MVO 
0/ 75 
' ,MAD 
11033 
11100' 
S21 
beim' 
rate 4 
1..e. 0.ta 
notaiveny 
€""'Oat.
"
Notions. 
Cusningr 
OaKription 
tiasd Iwo 
V",..^dli•th
..,, 
• :.,3,
ILIA SI 
If IJ 20) 
If Iv,  K. 
100)0.000 
VW 
Pant 'wk .( FR 
a 393% 
311S% 
S 
0.1995231 
2044.13 
28.161.2043 
251,100 
SP3X00.003 
NO 
toy roilac Mt 
4350% 
.520,151901 
3114% 
(1.181.5)11 
OP. Interrot Pew Swap. Man.-to-Mans! 
pa 
ot2 
in
Tr.d. 0.e. 
['pin. 
Diem 
is
., 
neam..1 
C...t..mt, 
ts.,tpti.m 
n..d 
r .!. 
hp. 
0. ,ti 
h.eno
ins/
v, 
On moven r..1 
Pronlion 
Pr. C""'"'
.," 
I%) Omtoas tV7.01 
281.4,4 0 
13.6.10 
f0)
51010)X0)) 
1/50 
1..0)0 ,  
425)% 
Iltaxtr 
16450, 0 
545% 
•451&030
501% 
(81141+ 
JOhen.I0 
31A.g10 
Sold 
SKORCOO 
ND 
Samna+ 
4310% 
114014•1 
$1/303.403 
50.04% 
41.1701/5 
11.71:011 
I 
00411 
•II. Yaw ...wit Ova' • th• •wwino nne sr No Of hi. PAYS.. wo ....w.l.asetry II Wow Al.. Ica.man 
utolgliMa."30.41.. CI ....M.L0 ..• link NA ad , P 555,55  Thin OE I,  A-....n...
, O. MC IP SM.. 
tortit4.111.1"250 • • no,  44 al am I...1,a Iota tenni. 
M 
WM am
 ad Pefl.st eau," 
MO A to tesaa•./... tare. 
kat LK 
uld Met ~nal 
Oar • Ca neonea 
saieuethi•tini•ia•ance 
ens! 
Sncn . en,. 
na Ubanl 4 t..1c.inaisandovut.ens 
palm.w teh•iiaa.“nvon• 
to ow /um.. OlenV1.
4:011.1.0 Atli eneyse• avl W6 JOCUNUNse searftetaban niustetu 
40111.1410dPfee•silidteflixtiat40,1•INVIA, 
ta..no.....vas..,55.555.5.5$5.,.0•1••••4.1•Mlitai. 
Onv eo5u,55,4550555.05,55...n...54. 
OgebaNs ant welne ..• cc to la... 
p p.m 
on, an ...no 
a m ...trnA 
ten. 
Oat prigaancoa col ask.. 
Y *au* 
mein +re •••,••• itni.u.ette.••ene
, e• ratan...Sr rtesutane e•••• denim...1 
onnwrirm 54 sot.. afro. am55.......51.5n ••555558ton synothe m.o. 
ergo .5.5.5tn.55. 
Ow Omens ever,. 
Vat few 
• 
I...wan. 
taw./ Hsaryysty.tallaYmptea tuna,' 
luiror an.wwwannwsnoseweeseen 
Vils ntbong4. a %V the Ol• ..ey (/ Ito pillas 1DM.r. I. 431.55.all nn b. plaCI•OodasteeAsonyi /eta 
ctn....mar 
apt...ems, non 
sera nen to basso 
• ratted. 
V yea tin I a, In  init.. 
Om. au 1., too uldffit 
n•Or$SSan1ettar n
(05010"5,555 05ae• Co 
EFTA00727006
--- PAGE 3 ---
IPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
1/503W 
1641 
USCG. 
521 
1/514101( 
10767 
Asset Management 
Prepared for 1 intim 41 Most as of July 30. 7010 
POMP* FX a Conerodity nen 
XAGUSD 
955 
)(.11.151) 
101 4 
GPM 
13491 
XiluSD 
1570 
MUSD 
497.75 
IURUSD 
1.1033 
USDCHr 
10417 
USOCAO 
1.0276 
AUDUSO 
11905 
Forward contracts 
Contract Spot 
Contract 
<kn.. Out 
Trade Date 
repay 
Sought 
Notional 
Sold 
Notironal 
Six Date 
Rat• 
corwant Rate 
Dale 
Unwind Rate 
Gaat.tost. 0.501 
314/Jr..° 
4.00.10 
ICRW 
11975.500001 
IP! 
930001007 
121100 
12.1950 
14.240.10 
11952 
171.122 
214,62r.10 
5.0a.10 
CAD 
10290000 
1PY 
934320.00) 
5.113.10 
91.7500 
91.6000 
14./...10 
9135 
151,245 
254241-10 
1044110 
MCC 
0.091400 
OW 
7.030007 
30.341-10 
VIM 
94142 
5444.10 
92425 
1254.475) 
64.pol 0 
304..10 
MCC 
63,Y0000 
COP 
1.090000 
304.40 
9/3970 
9.1270 
6.M4.10 
92425 
11104677 
10./a-10 
200440 
MR 
446300900 
MO 
10.000.000 
442000 
444500 
644410 
0112 
1312,73174 
29412.10 
6.Aucp10 
CAD 
5,000.005 
IP! 
44391000 
6.A.4.10 
919175 
923700 
6.M4.10 
KS 
(214453) 
11144.10 
304440 
CAD 
5.000.000 
400 
5.426519 
304.10 
09115 
031214 
204.10.10 
017(4 
217.139 
15.10rel0 
17.50740 
CW 
11270000 
050 
10.000.0470 
174tiv10 
1.1)92 
1.1270 
174.40 
1.11000 
152944 
21.14140 
23.1440 
SIR 
167400000 
050 
10.0000® 
114410 
45.67 
4.7 
20.1440 
47.20 
1317.797) 
1344.10 
264910 
CAO 
5.215.000 
050 
5.100.000 
264440 
LOC 
1013 
2344.10 
1.03W 
19.684 
254.40 
29.14.10 
10241 
32474500 
LW 
5,000000 
19.X410 
6.4915 
6.4945 
2324.10 
62105 
220240 
214.10 
241910 
MCC 
32.010.050 
5111 
34272.0170 
294.10 
1.1914 
1.191 
214140 
1.1551 
414.43111 
aimed Forward COMIalt. larlotoalarkas 
S 
324874.34 
-iv. unman rause Bair 8 Ow warteeep news S, Ow gnat* berk.” bane. combos war, iionian Mr a 4.N 
its subs:tom nooses SR SICapnOla• Sant NA as iv. Megan mot ca. 0 a an rramowiaf the WIC II. Wigan 
Sforiks les CW491 is a istfrixi of Me Now YOS Siva Wove 04 <OW 041/1"1$ 4.4 felpf, ), 000,90. MASI a Ote tesstesiews witratt 01411.94. Is 40407n. ilViivisia Owe 4 Co may sperm vv10.4490 trolut4olos ot Sloane's, a clAwy 
4188. 1. 
To lolowwq • Sep Toidod In infonnatonal pusenaa arty arePee P. miaow loran wooed Inlanabo, COMarad a th• n merge MA any saonparpong eaooniniatart edalns. NA net tiletl•d tO set, ten.. inebt Wilal/Caltlel•niab. 
02,111,04020•A teVArtOrs Or MOWN. 4004,0 tO OP rdilt2e.120 v.< 00 n01 aln4M its (0.11/1004410, 420..zfr Op 1, :aS an) ttifrotil COMMull Our Mirt•C *AO Pt SAM1 tO<Ngilt I.4.0.n OW!. RAI ter(rwaNeifn012.042dve *MO..* Klatt 
Ilin mammal • no,nwnad et on olbr en utkeahen In the WOW., Or Sleet any (Warne r011,M•111 ThIbrdatt-d.dm rallie ihn affilni one egnan••• mq hold • poste, Man MIVIrtit Tan MIS Immo' imlnammls of one awn OEMS, h 
ISearontact you. I P. lice9an renew Cant nix rooftop... ler Ian. inlannon or regevdrq mg tranuctnn 
ran inIcnneno., ale. owto... of To cotton tooliam ,t a eetkard. and nay lar prwleged sad conftenr1. Awe ...dainty-OW..4i Cup.cation Writes mere the IS idlnsimi ii pollens al ms nary.. th• vi wee. pits rout, so *won 
innefiattit4.410, ,,, Wei.,
1014 07:44.0ose a <0 
EFTA00727007
--- PAGE 4 ---
JPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared for Financial Trust S. of July 30.2010 
Asset Management 
Quest IX • Connodlly rate 
/AGM 
If 565 
X.AvuSD 
11111 
GB0150 
1.501 
USOAI 
1641 
WNW 
4.44.50 
497.75 
EURUSI) 
1,3033 
USOCLP 
521 
VSDDif 
I otlf 
WPCs° 
10376 
11)D4S0 
0.905 
0513/101 
60767 
FX . 
.ns 
Curren" 2 
Cleo Out 
Original 
Ongina/ 
Unwind 
Trade Date 
lirlary Date 
Direrlign 
Cunoncy 1 
9900 
5%00 
Currency 2 
Tyr 
IletrOnal 
Dale 
PI efillurn 
Pierreum (!) 
Grunlen RAO) 
Prew.lren 
10...VO 10 
20.101 1 
Bought 
PLN 
Cal 
7.5010:0 
1.9900 
CUR 
Nt 
01144010 
.20750.00 
.3.210% 
97.507.05 
(101.1151 
244,010 
20.10.11 
Sold 
RN 
Put 
7,501000 
3.0190 
f UR 
ca 
06414.010 
205.793.00 
3.210% 
14475010 
(5114191 
264100 
2910.10 
Sold 
NOK 
Cal 
7.000.00 
9.000 
GBP 
Nt 
05444010 
510.14395 
1,510% 
4170394.40 
17.1471 
1.14010 
04.1e.10 
Sold 
BIM 
Put 
11000.000 
1,8000 
USO 
Gal 
06414.010 
510200000 
1.020% 
.$373,000.00 
471.001 
194040 
1944010 
Bought 
MR 
Cal 
11003.00 
44.5000 
050 
Put 
1010010 
49190000 
4930% 
5000 
19)1001 
1.14010 
15.1u1.10 
Bought 
EUR 
Put 
14803.030 
1.2800 
USO 
Gal 
0100.10 
3275,67300 
.2.154% 
$59114100 
324.1115 
5-1.14y.10 
15.140.10 
5o11 
001 
Put 
11407.000 
1.2400 
1.150 
Gel 
034410 
5191.63100 
1016% 
433420510 
099.5761 
5-114..10 
15.140.10 
Sold 
001 
Cal 
11210000 
1.3300 
1.150 
le 
Oldund0 
5157.71010 
1.195% 
-524114.0) 
133.227 
13.44010 
13.11.011 
Bought 
EL* 
Put 
0.000100 
1.2450 
USO 
Gal 
01.10010 
.149100.03 
.4.950% 
140.0000 
124.00) 
044010 
130 1011 
Sold 
NA 
Cal 
10.000.000 
1.2450 
1.150 
Put 
Wends, 
1495.00000 
4.950% 
4441.750.0 
51250 
1304010 
13.11.011 
Bought 
GBP 
Put 
10.003100 
1.4425 
USO 
Gal 
S10010 
14910001 
.4.00% 
14100000 
1150001 
1344010 
1340041 
Sold 
GOP 
Cal 
10.0410.000 
1.4425 
OW 
Nt 
Olen.10 
549500000 
4.950% 
4529.250.00 
134.2501 
23.1t4.10 
2914.10 
Sold 
C40 
Put 
SAKIK0 
1.0500 
USO 
Gal 
23.101.10 
$52.501.09 
SAGO% 
5040 
5;90 
Geed IX Options tea -to 
et 
S 
024414 56/ 
O.P. Mogan Nene Bok• ls On en erg nave lor the pen teens Nee ondade te.P. Mee Cheat*. sad
 441441eworletcle IP Mee Ouse Re. NA Pelo.P. Male lea Co. ii.4 we nefann or IN FOC /.11. Mega,
Seem In.1/010 a • entete No Neve Porten Ischsepenenha newel ea regions, emerges PIM It the broloralwasr. meter it410, WC Insiders Ineren cue a Canny oceralevne. Mlle braleatalm et etellItileilee eehliely 
MCA.. 
The lateng if tehl Peel re atennoral Plari/ONStnlydr01). 41 lease teeneinsi. Womutlontonanten NS Meet bed lot 0000
/ 90 400441100‘ 0040 0 le ea 0014 WIN neleh. ndtrtrldwX,YdrgrriOnWar 
entreauses tanumeser emote II baited IOW MIA{ be Si. ebIllel wormy neenerunas sr moray. Own.. Mid MIMS. COMVIds/ OW lUdr.0111 ard an ratrft I In CIMINO vathad mint led pselennante • eel mese* el Nee nue. 
Pis netnes rot intenes 0 one 0119101/00,  fa Me pee. 
of eve un Neel ineurron le troluteloknaneetto an les ed tea sate nay reed 1 eflefill. an genres nen la tee eine ingnautfos 0 ens eon 44044 hen 
ohne ante pout /P.Magas ewe Bak repenune to reef afonnme of gigue.. a 
MOROSOA 
Pis inonenans fa Ire envie 0 pit peso' io seam/ is tennfoled es be prailege4 fed conidwat Any we clusbAios. a 4444G6n yf 
atMadlete440. 
S0.WOYI4 Ii - 
notht Oi} in <inn. 111014 nOrty the Sax* 
ATTS•14,1ind Munn be mil. 
(Cl 2010 rerMargerr 0
 ace. 
EFTA00727008
--- PAGE 5 ---
JPMorgan Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Asset Management 
Prepared for financial Tnnt as of July 10, 7010 
Current FX • Commodity nets 
%AGO% 
17%1 
WU% 
191 AI 
GPM 
13691 
USCOPY 
NM 
%%USD 
1570 
001111) 
497.75 
IURUSD 
11033 
USPIP 
511 
USOCH1 
0417 
USOCAO 
1.0276 
AMU% 
0901 
%CHOP 
10767 
common 
i . Ions 
Cigna Out 
Orroainia 
Original 
C urr•nt 
Ga..,test (050)
Trade Date 
Eldbley Dale 
Ocresen 
Currency I 
type 
Mote,nal (00 
Strike 
Currency I 
Yip. 
Date 
Prernum 
Pranitan IS) 
Pren•um 
291147e10 
02.7%10 
SOO 
XPO 
On 
10000 
525 
050 
Coll 
07...tay.10 
S144000.00 
SIPCO 
-$39.50 
$ 
12$4.070) 
%Owl. 
174‘%10 
Sold 
PAU 
NI 
5000 
IPS 
1.60 
Call 
174%010 
ISS,0001), 
117.00 
0107 
S 
ttS,C00 
Closed Cerronority Options ililarksiedaintet 
S 
WI cm%) 
"P. %nem Praw far 9 Pie awlion9nint% Pie %Ws Oinc% Orseitss 000X1t4 OW wan% cist, t CO. yra cp p opopio  pr am*. ye wept oppetriota. prO 1 P Mown best Co .71 A. sena/7p% itc ree 10K IP wee% 
taus's% WWII. realm el nn tivorVert Mak tozhorge an edue mimes, an mew., roro5e.. MASI ape teekordesla.mentior ItA.D.91C. I, addend. irtricepri Chuang Ownstspincionsus otter Pc% <anon v .........., 40.0.3.1, 
nano.. 
The Itilevan; • berg pordS for Sormationslpinanta on" raw to meow tops Ng wir- 'Man.. ,  wits% it not sew as Pre entansnitrq claturreniantan %%frond rot inset* is 'assn. set% vaurtnx., noun..., 
Corinna:on tiltUtgoNs Or %sow 4 ettes110 be rtrIMe. Ina xe Ono aletert itY (CrYpIetawis Or a<ckintt 00in:al ard estindlei tOallitull our Mire" ancl me 00ico to <N.% eePout N*. Pot tortrnance is nit n Se% at ',Ave (milts 
Ma maiwil a not unman es amnia or Witte.. ler du pure., et sleet any fin's, ruerviwnt TO* ranautatolor. irdbr Our Of tin, and nrybv••• env, ha I d • poet., won et met. meta et rho Ironed innnoronla ol any num thew.. n 
n. ei* athted Ve. IP. Va... nu.. dent nilneentarn It. Was inlasance ornsecarq any trams., 
ma Session • for Pe ion ine of Pim preen tevAiem it a roddvoind. and nag tor prieloged and cenhiortisl. Any inn %Pew% ai Papuan% br nos alw tisci CI *Snow% ashersl %nu es% %a e new, raw wldr tre us% 
inneSittip7.4 "tom it %%I 
KIP% %Isom Oilte $ Co 
EFTA00727009
--- PAGE 6 ---
JPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
prepared for Einem NO Toot as of July 30, 7010 
Asset Mana ement 
Current FIC lk Goinoodlly n4sc 
)0.09360 
12955 
IMMO 
(ISIS 
68PUSO 
13691 
USISOPY 
1641 
XVIUSO 
1570 
%MUSD 
497.75 
IURUSD 
1.3033 
uSIXLP 
$21 
US000 
10417 
USOCAD 
I(216 
OODUSO 
0903 
IrspwK 
6.0767 
849/ 
Trade Date 
Tiger 
Company 
Sham 
Stoke 
dowdy 
Dividend 
Oese Out 
Void 
Pate 
sodupoy, 
rpm p,,,
un w.nd Not 
Pore 
Grorens10301 
Apr.10 
OK TWO 
Teek.ey Tee* co 1.91,0az A 
5.003 
U$D 
11.10% 
pope. io 
Peaty 
$12.25 
$12.09 
9001 
T.A.p.i 0 
MIS Thity 
Ando Properly Corp 
4500 
USD 
4.49% 
3.,00.40 
I irtricial 
$27.50 
$27.73 
1317 
134.30 
OM Equity 
CnOrprist ProddOs Partners 
2300 
U$D 
6.10% 
3.40.40 
Energy 
$35.55 
$0.56 
22.10.20 
PAIL That! 
MIN Notoorks Cop 
14,000 
USD 
0.00% 
Sapr.10 
Tedinoboy 
$14.00 
$1210 
OEMS 
1340,30 
OG CqultY 
OolloGeried Corp 
1000 
U$D 
0.00% 
$161.10 
Cons urner.Csdic 
$27.00 
$27.21 
617 
15.4..10 
OW Equity 
Alcor Pally Corp 
3500 
USD 
4.17% 
540410 
fitunrial 
$34.00 
$34.46 
LI% 
2106.30 
MPG WAY 
MTh PrroThent Cap 
4000 
U$D 
0.00% 
S-Ape.10 
5µ00O10 
$10.15 
611 121 
1.500 
13.06930 
IOW Equity 
*41111 feopolgt Tool Inc 
10000 
WD 
005% 
554610 
I infrold 
$9 75 
$99436 
1375 
29.96.10 
APIV Equity 
.4109316/esumt OPP 
190/0 
USD 
11.01% 
ThAp4.1O 
fituotial 
$1214 
$12.27 
00481 
Marl 0 
MP Equity 
Kier Morro To011Y Podek 
4040 
U$D 
6.39% 
ThApe.10 
EnThY 
$46.25 
565.69 
(2240) 
0.11ap10 
APT Eqtaty 
flamco.GenhThon hopot0/ 
6500 
USD 
5.68% 
2140.40 
fituotial 
$11.50 
$11.65 
COS 
1906P10 
KW Equity 
9.80141 City SOuthero 
2.000 
U$D 
0.00% 
29.4pe.10 
Thketall 
sn.co 
$40.01 
con 
1331400 
NAV Equity 
Tepot. led 
9000 
USD 
0.00% 
ThApr.10 
Caninunicaticee 
$100 
.34 
4.012 
19.0.6e.10 
PUG 0300 
hi Nam, Gas Stooge 10 
1500 
1350 
3.27% 
29.4pe.10 
EnThY 
$21.50 
$23.25 
6.119 
29.64630 
SW Equity 
Spoon financid Cap 
020,000 
USD 
1.63% 
It-Apr.10 
fituotial 
62.75 
$3.01 
26,000 
1.1.11api0 
GTY (Pot, 
Goo Really Crop 
10.0:0 
USD 
7.93% 
10.044.10 
fin/mid 
$22.00 
$21.00 
OAT/ 
13,43,30 
MAC MOT 
AlotrichCollhe 
WOO 
950 
4.12% 
21-May.10 
lip/mid 
541.00 
$39.95 
I23.1001 
15.4..10 
MAC U5002221040 Equity Tharich Cone 
.220 
USD 
Call 
21.1tay.10 
EOM,/ 
SIC* 
$000 
44,000 
ta.May30 
NS Equity 
Nun. (orgy Ill 
4250 
950 
6.99% 
3.10.610 
Energy 
$56.0) 
$5637 
0901 
1-lun.10 
IN Equity 
MI Global Holding Ltd 
12,0/0 
USD 
0.00% 
3.10. 10 
&amid 
$7.10 
$7.42 
3,074 
4.lun.10 
NUS WARY 
Nu Ito toter910. Int • A 
2007 
USO 
1.76% 
4JUn10 
Cons tioner.Cyd/C 
$27.00 
527,05 
100 
9-lun.10 
OP Equity 
Ciabopeint Energy lac 
AM 
USD 
5.48% 
Al/pole 
lititties 
$12.90 
$1352 
5.53$ 
%Toole 
Pt Cooly 
P00 lblph Laden Cap 
IPOCO 
USO 
0.51% 
16.3.e..10 
COroullker.C100 
$51.80
360,03 
0.4921 
0.106.10 
'CM Equity 
Petrol, Lodging Tom vd 
10.000 
USD 
0.03% 
173-.0 
financial 
$5.50 
5911 
1.100 
Apr.10 
MUSA Thity 
Metals Pus ltddrot Corp 
3000 
USD 
0.03% 
%Skala 
Basq Matoriak 
$21.00 
51509 
01,016) 
1010640 
MOTP tqAty 
AITAncity Inc 
2.000 
WD 
0.00% 
10010 
ConteiunTh0051 
510.00 
5916 
0401 
16106.10 
GOP NOV 
General MariThe Cop 
4500 
USD 
5.72% 
%Skala 
indAtrial 
56.75 
$491 
720 
2310.5.10 
DPI ECMT/ 
Pia OThordtto 
7.503 
WD 
0.00% 
133,610 
Uliktio 
524.07 
52409 
3645 
1.1.10.10 
IAMP Equity 
Marlon Ildarcom Panne./ 
3500 
USD 
0.00% 
14..94.10 
Energy 
$46.65 
647.39 
ESSO 
163030 
0116 (GAO 
alt TedTh90111e1 96 
2307 
WD 
0.00% 
16)0.10 
Techo0/02,  
510.00 
$12.52 
6293 
t6.10.10 
RIO Equity 
Redd lac 
9503 
USD 
0.00% 
%ALSO 
Tedwokny 
$1620 
$19.32 
11029 
12.1030 
GOOT Equity 
Green Oct Cap-0Th A 
5.000 
WD 
0.00% 
1232,10 
Corourner.Noiti 
$35.00 
143.10 
35.516 
11.10.10 
APAC6090 
Apted COP 
MOO 
U$D 
0.00% 
13/0,10 
EnThY 
$00.00 
659.62 
12.972 
1.140.10 
MAO Equity 
tominkatic Thrrapeidict lid 
35(0 
USD 
0.00% 
22.M.10 
COM111111W.NOild 
6850 
$540 
050) 
2590.10 
MCP tenor 
fAsesorp IX 
5.000 
U$D 
0.00% 
193240 
Ilts6 Idaten41/ 
514.00 
$12.31 
0.3501 
2910.10 
MCP Equity 
felsOtap ird 
5,00) 
USD 
0.00% 
2930.10 
Bar Material/ 
$14.60 
$12.10 
0.000/ 
1.1.1.1n.10 
en tem 
Tleatelt Holds a Pesorkst 
20000 
U$D 
0.00% 
3090.10 
1148.1011 
SAGO 
IA 60 
Equity 'rod:eats Gainless 
63.614 
OP. tropon Pratte Mot' is the norte00 narre to the pdote torico0 bodes 0Thord to 1P. tropon Cam 6 CO. did 0 60001olo acdThisle. AP MagaA0ort 0.M.14.6.55,11P IrThoolost CO. NA ift entwAto at Ow PIM 1P Pomo 
trquoun Inc. wilco it • media el Is IS. TM Sock taxfookr as 0 
MIMI.) 4.4 1.911/41 marrow. MU • the WOMICI•8141; mentor PASO. /WC 6 adTheit Threw Thar /I Co nisi *pope wrap Mw ibrekeedearn 04 ammo. adder 
teritle. 
The 1010vAng 4 OPPO prOOstal 10 PA0/900.010/00:00 00/1•53,04 is rettOTh a 'Our 1011*11.1.600.60.06116ftdelitifotrAfp SO fay aThop064)00furoterdibro. FOAM PA *Or Sr00010 Pro 01551.05.9100 •ASU606310,400.6 
senfiThrem. atom/oar Then. •Thaw4 troorelsow bus., de moment in teromehm• 
al 
and Thrones moms eta odThwe and see taloa badYn9•1011, 01.111110%.. Pelt PIIISIVIOOP a rot nets. N ken. num 
116f mom' lc 60 The*. as an olio ot ITheAlion kw OP puolose or fele 0 any Thsobl losornto The OrokoThVoi rex Oct 1111414$ Poi ern/lotus NO! NM a froP66. or Pt es norto rotor a do tion00 inoorotou 0 any Thor SKOlId
le/P. ord0.0.0Thite Slat orP006.0o to folfle intom6o/ Or roliddonny aimossa 
Thisiattons6e KIN Peek we PO* terktr000torn 0 b Pidost4. Poi My to prieloThreol todloo/00. Any use.00.400,Th ot 0.44900 to 164.1. oho Thoth. idPooti/prolitadd d tor Melee int ea took paw orily 0/6 fordo 
itorosiostrod mum it 14 nal 
t:110101Therion am a ga. 
EFTA00727010
--- PAGE 7 ---
JPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Asset Management 
' ,revered for Financial Post as of Jury 30.1010 
Currant FX 4 Cornenodity nets 
XAGIAIS 
17965 
KAVUSO 
IVIES 
4101150 
1.5491 
USCOPY 
Nei 
Xiotr5C. 
1570 
XIOUSD 
497.75 
CUOMO 
1.3033 
uSIXLP 
Sit 
USOCHI 
I 0417 
USOCAD 
I(276 
14101/50 
051$ 
USCNOIC 
60767 
IMt 
Trade Date 
Mfitiatity 
Effintiv• 
Notional 
Curreney 
Deunpt•on 
Fixed Rate 
coo+ Out 
Gealloss lot0) 
Pate 
one 
2504,10 
15.14y.1 I 
Isom. lo 
$00.009.050 
1)50 
MA 
0115% 
*AQIIO 
$ 
131000 
SAydd0 
15.940.11 
140w10 
500000,0:0 
vas 
MA 
087.6% 
I feresel0 
$ 
136000 
Closed FRAS Marl.loa4aeket 
330 000 
N 1 Prow Peeve 51ev II IM maltose motto, IM OPP Istrkep Nene% toutitielby1P iroosn CNN 6CO.edib 54000101eS warded! Jr Mp50n ChM! BM NA 0.41P hbroso Tow C0 .N A in Inb/Y00100e 1075 19 ./OrOno 
%aux. Inc. 0GIALI it • reran, GI IS Nem Vat Mod CGS,* ard Ma rube...land eopeeal meter. 
IIMS1 • the teeka.dosla. mon'''. IWO. ITC In aelanom ileMeGan Ps 
C.maxGwen varioui ed.. Stand...en or armband deanery 
morn 
The /InGG.19 • Se, worded he reGoninala wee.. GrIr ender la mawaa bran tolualardeeserne, aiedsexkl a On menage as aramaGnyartnegeawaleIG0 M nO.Ida9 WI Gat argon° en/ ••••••....
, •,, Gb•acek •Ionaxrd% 
COnt1GWOrit Cal0M0I6 Of e9"flet. 00a410 SO be Witt*. 
e0
 v.* 00 MI ale. 4M•t$ (0(101/4 104.0 Of GO:wat, Optaern en, POMP, C)ratiture Oa NOirotet end Mt Plata 910tenpillefen APR! P.10 0:010,040* O ea P.O(Vive OING•rtet1415 
ma mainl a not inlends at an odor Ge elce.alson ler the purcas a Abel any (mime truant. 
Thp beeteederalan arab Mr al6hvie. W 'endowa me/ Odd a peGbati or ad as motet maw won Inroad envenoms of aro nuar dioauelh 
0•••• mad  lax. I P. maelmn 7...mesa tworardairm In knossonfornson repecing an/ intercom 
Pa intosnieloslilor Pt sok use 01 Pt Mesta altvallin it Oa0Ythl6 IMO MG to onatged 400 00616.161. Any Idt. 04010030% 01 0446,0N. by 4•60•6 01.0 INA the 103 IOW IIPOlibtedd $61. WV,. MG a,  toot Peat and, Pe Pala 
...Sid* 
and return a proud 
KI tog, nag., ow< s co 
EFTA00727011
--- PAGE 8 ---
JPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared foe ammoral Pant as of July 30, 7010 
Asset Management 
Current FX • Commonly men 
XAGIAD 
II 955 
IMUSD 
11114 
GBPOSD 
1.5091 
950.119 
86.41 
XVIUS0 
1570 
XIOUSD 
497.75 
IURUSD 
1.3033 
USCCIP 
Sal 
USD(LLI 
10,113 
0500A0 
10276 
MMDUS0 
0905 
1/544101( 
10767 
Preferred% 
Trade Date 
Ilrehoelty 
SIP Rama 
Company 
Pat Value 
share. 
industry 
CurrKY 
Ceupen 
Clow Out 
To 
Date 
if  
tal 
m 
Oaedfs 
fairy level 
Unwind Level 
C.,,,,,,og 0, win) 
25.14400 
02,40,•1010 
no. 
15463r.10 
02400040 
BBB. 
/pm Obso Opt 
16.1324 
Tmw0s 
1.150 
6764 
1944-10 
57.12333 
2500 
146500 
S 
1235 
*memo Cap' 
110,500 
IMAMS 
USD 
6.70% 
naaio 
551,026.06 
2300 
244526 
S 
9.151 
Closed Preform& GaIntoss 
S 
391 
OP blown name CPU AIN owlelenp sem tor Me photo berknO troMess (OndrOM by JP. Worgen OXIM 6 ar. rod its 4.00074es .0,14. de IP 1.40111. OSA OWL NA 10d1P 1,10.1pa Deg CO. NA irt Intr/Y0010,  ititiOIC Je 3.1x9r,
Secure'sInc WWII% • nasal ohs Ne• vast Pad ens,* as ens ratsoni ,ra teceeet mango. /10111 air teekorderler. mentor 030. 9IC. 119 aeldniart Mktg. Ps& Co. mry *wen wow. edin Waco...balm of enronnt admary 
tebta 
lb  icaemeg • ben) prarded Pe riamuinod pusom one ram re mooree N. ow reaud.lakenebon comna n On ramp no an exenpaempq eacumelaisart rclideq sutras inns to am remeed•Jrantert valiance.. dastamit. 
reef...nom 010.660re Or (P.1‘11n.,1004.$ la be rd•YOLe. tars vm torot ean.), C,41(4YOlet0W80.11.00•Cr 0111.10(11.101 4,10011111 COnsbbill Our Mires( and St $.0)00‘ !0333¢ ...Lc ease. Port caronnue .3 rot POOrne Of PPM IfOrIO 
m.. main, a not irnandid at an ells er letasisen It tly curd...,. tale al say ',ramie retr‘Morst 11m,bniindeafonaralbr an alfilaloi one tapinn• mg Odd a payer.% sr an at medal motor lathe Maned netearene °limy rasa rheum.] h 
near <ar,ad Va. IP wagen num. runt nonmertaine In inernMermseon ee rm./deo sot vomiting. 
Th. ,,,I, r ^ ,,,,,^ a 1,14 Me PM we 0/ Ole 1000,0 01./Vra .1 a 01,e001. 1t41.1> to MAROS Ind PerdideMel AM use. 41tOtancer. ot Ortritnim by rove oilao 'Welt IPPON< 11011.01)10 0,00*(96..3MP tote. please MIlly0010X/tt 
inneketa, red Mum It pt nal 
5O 1010 111,14110A owe s C0 
EFTA00727012
--- PAGE 9 ---
JPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
prepsred fat Financial roost as of July 30. 7010 
Asset Management 
Current FX dr Canatornty rates 
XAGI.61:0 
17%1 
'MUSD 
IIIIIS 
GPM 
1.5591 
WWI 
1641 
XPTUSD 
1570 
3YOUSD 
497.7S 
IURUSCs 
13033 
USCG) 
511 
910cHf 
0417 
U50CAD 
1.0276 
AUDV50 
0901 
NSO110K 
10767 
Find Income 
Trade Date 
Msturily 
S&P Patel 
issue 
Im oil USD 
Cr....1 
r ''''  A'  
Oval ....n 
Cutr<I, 
Coupon 
Gov* Out 
Date 
int r), level 
Cunt., Rid 
Ganges; WWI 
12.Apt.I0 
IS.A0, * Ill 
ll• 
Cal'eMtiOnSPIC 4/000000 
1.000.007 
165 
1)50 
7.730% 
1.147/.10 
100000 
107313 
S 
15.12 
Closed Fixed Income CONlon 
S 
25.041 
,IS Woman Rases east. .. Ow mans. num Is Ow panto b•rionitbanou teadxsoillg IP. Wow Maw I Co. N 
me tulerfannwertithtede. .I.P. Maven Ola• amt. N4 re so magas ken cam* are matins( de lac iv. moon 
Scorees Int CO/91 is 4 omen ot Me Nee Vol! hod foloset efd OW 67401414.4 eteosol weaves 0551 4 toe tfoldt deaf. menet( 11•30.9PC Is ldJl1
 /PhlOr$4, 041e a Co n14, Optralesseleasadwf tvOlut Odds Ot eletsentaledAlei 
enbb. 
W. iln...l•borq 
wares kg intaannkaa pirms• orb amPormencows.rea piquet. lalensobanonalnof in On natiscp on, spry sanpartp"d•warlsoon. naldn9b-4 ^0, ml.H..nin......tel.nal
,enktion.loo. 
tOnlYIWROnt OlCaOnt 01 tg4nflel 4 belest4t0Ot /03Yele. We* Of f101ollsiM OS OtalSktOWE 01.07.111Cf oosion, inf tiVorotil COMOWletrainlyneN mod me Mileage0%er .4.0.4 nOl-a P4110:00,0•30<enn01 i 3O(Wte Of My.* vegan 
nutmeats a net eaendell mesoderm uslotaben id 11101.1CIOM ef label any annul Vehrinant Thrlitatn-clnlon relbr thew alfiloW. WS temp.* mei halci• pewee. or at ants 
moot nine Insned amaresis of sot own demean 
No3.4301440 9714 7 9 Weed. Melds lble • eV (Wean Ice hello inlconsOos Or fflasdnesay oafasoon 
Ma Scranton • for di* psis ux of die WWI tevA•an a • inicIrsoni. and my la pembged ind tonfielortial. Any NIP. daint..ine, or Cupbcat.n b, arson ells iron IN aellmumi, II 1110Kb Pled 0 VOW natn Ton ma. iges POW, PO Irvin 
WINNOW, a•410•011•1 by VW 
IQ 7010 Pi:Organ firm A Co 
EFTA00727013
--- PAGE 10 ---
IPMorgan 
Global 
Investment 
Opportunities 
Group 
Account 
Position 
Summary 
1641 
531 
60)6) 
Asset Management 
Prepared for Financial Trost as of Ally 30.2010 
00/Pted EX •COMMOS. relef 
XAOJSD 
1256$ 
XAUUSD 
11813 
CANSO 
1.5601 
1.501PY 
X.11.110 
1510 
%POW° 
43733 
tUtlISO 
l.10.13 
USOO.P 
1.11.000 
" 4" 
LISOCAO 
103. 
AUDUSO 
0560 
111000( 
Original 
°nomad' 
corwmt 
Close Cvl 
Trade Darte 
t ..o...y 
Otreceor. 
Monona 
cyrerkty. 
o. 
pe on 
hued new 
TYPe 
enemy.... 
rrenuom N) 
ere...ff. 
dale 
, 10 
244.4,40 
Sold 
510.00).003 
USD 
Santo, 
4.39)% 
8((004.
S40.0)0 
0.0)% 
5562.000 
N-Illiar10 
30A0r.10 
20143.10 
Sold 
510.00).00) 
USD 
SailpUon 
4.250% 
110teht. 
5113.000 
1.13% 
.S380.000 
213, hlar10 
301p.10 
)81.1440 
Sought 
510:300001 
USD 
Smapbon 
4,530% 
Pa/. 
.115SSOI 
la 
111.101.,40 
I lapr.10 
14.0.40 
Sold 
510:300,001 
USD 
Smapbon 
4,530% 
n..... 
1125001 
1,35% 
4,521.$01 
14-lun40 
31.61400 
300.10 
Sold 
$10.000.000 
USD 
SoOpUon 
4.350% 
X4(0844 
$134.00) 
1.36% 
-1.1.1‘050) 
300.40 
16.0.10 
140440 
Sold 
S10.001000 
USD 
S•01.00 
Peteht• 
1561.500 
5.62% 
140440 
2144,040 
244440 
Sold 
510.000000 
USD 
Smapbon 
n.... 
1508000 
8.09% 
la 
244410 
Gamut.. 0,501 
1562.56(0 
IISS,W(0 
1396.304 
IIAOl500) 
501300 
908.0)0 
Closed Swaptiont Gainiteas. 
•1.• Malan Pomo tide it Oa flatland. nem In the pd.* barbed biareetterosaded ty aP.../eon Chne• Co. .0 
 tv.odoreds 10 Mews 0.• Sadr. MA midi...hewn TSat Co,. ri O. aro rraela•nel ire IDIC. al..../...lettemeorr. 
10a • ',inlay ol the Mµ Yeek bed txte.ow ard °Ow nor. 
and moor. eal.o.pa P.I4 %De behrelealor, womb* W50, SVC madam:A Nees. Owe Ste mu epertoorsdaueorelreaseclealance arerantert Moan loin. 
lor Idlosne•bdro premeliel lot aleobraul wpm. oak manta memo lepearrapon. hkaninlamortairria ate meet. eed memo? smog clonaawrcalerOnthelm PA rot le.. soranyearok creek'', velum...slalom.% tordarmse. 
One estiantei. oldt.d40, le irk**. Out me do Mt ',easel is OrdOltroless or 40Any. 0060..ardt.rrates(otelikre0...plpreal edam. iiien to mann vmhoot !woke Peg orkw..4eisaotietalheotholosertorlt Thivnmeio 0 oat 
menus as of, Os of ickani," ior IN giant hist 0, 'eh of On rnanci4PI intnantM The Industeko atoPla Poi amain ard ovaries ow rou atroldion or a0 *mom rnius in the Prolda40wramobef aria ownscvscOhertise• manna... gam 
lost CoMaft lOd It Morgan Mole 11.0*. e:pteollarketico Joao iel0..u14n or M3uOM oar M.O%4M 
Idinlerhadfoislor IN** laterite terlerdr.On 0 4 somata or. awl be ritotestenwerod. 
eandeoltlYte•Ooker A4 
ray actg... other Pan lhecahltlue 4. 0”1•00:d. If po, re<ciar Pis leterfe. gferserdonnesenkeinreeda0fr 
rdre0orn ilk/mat 
3010 Marg. Ow •02. 
EFTA00727014
--- PAGE 11 ---
IPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
1.601PY 
1641 
11100.0. 
411 
1.11111107 
60161 
Asset Management 
Prepered for rtnaeriel Tents, at /ply 30.2010 
• 
EX 110011404111 Ma 
4.701$0 
17%5 
XPUUSD 
11112 
60P/P) 
1.5491 
4111.110 
1410 
%y005O 
01.73 
104650 
1.1013 
0S0CNI 
1x11 
WOOS, 
1.114 
w0110 
0%0 
Mal Rehm. Ste 
• 
Tray Dote 
17::::' 
maturity Dr% 
Underpin° 
tont014met 
Shaw. 
r... 
Spe..et ',bps) 
r:::::: 
Industry 
int" Poor 
Closed ene• 
Gamut.. KnO1 
1X10970 
I 
1231.7AP 
Voted Told datum Swept Mar3AOMarH1 
• 31 
Interest Rate 
- 
Vele 041. 
Manerty 
ittealve D.ne 
Notional
Notional
Potency 
Ptstripden 
Fired Rate 
Clete Pot
Galmtens (6501 
0ate 
ll I. Apt.10 
10.44412 
30.47641 
1.11401C01 
4.110 
Mt Itarft III 
1711% 
31281141 
11.14q40 
1. 
211.050 
30Apr.10 
064.1,41 
011.14p1 1 
121.701C00 
USD 
Mt Itarft III 
1.731% 
314110.40 
11.14%40 
1. 
7.0)0 
174P41.10 
214.41.12 
2174/441 
13.0)4011100 
OD 
Inc 11,00)111 
7.111% 
5.2721.09 
30%440 
S 
(5000) 
254Me10 
2141/.12 
194.14e 41 
13.0)4011100 
OD 
Inc 1140p 11 
7.150% 
51.743.45 
30%440 
P1.500) 
Closed inivent RM. Swops Gaintom 
( ,14.CCO 
r.r..41 Date 
r...., ,,,,, y 
Mummy Pale 
spoento 
C•menty 
0mampte 
m• ea Rate 
Orl0lnsl Cost 
CI:r
eut 
A""'
d
CI" .  Na 
4.3;n410%, 11401 
''''' girl 
c„„ 
1441•640 
114•01010 
244.0.40 
14.0/11700 
USD 
Prr 16.11.4.10 
44565% 
.$11/10.46 
11.41%.10 
S 
11.030.030) 
1444640 
114•01010 
117041700 
USD 
Us Mew, MI 
46)15% 
11062171 
15.%).100 
31461731 
130.145 
18.14%.10 
I 
1.131404 
Meted 50.year men speed MmleteMartet 
S 
121404 
Closed Swope Mark4444617e7 
171542 
'IP 410•041Prestelink* is 0e etenewm mere la Perla 
baridephertil (Cm/tered br AP MOW CM% 1 CO .ind IP eres4rderv4411.04 111. Medpin 041e14% NA 4.6110.110yin Ina CO.NA ant nerten4IIPODIC AP.1.11met SttftWei I% 
$010 Inmates 01PeWwY0A11NI60.1ge.MOOnnNWWeldrybtMM(Msp .01619 irde trek. dear. week. IM50, 5114 11 elMee.P4Itemn 04701COPPy Opera rebut OOP POW ditalener errellnatt Steer PM% 
te rtiteerl 41054 m0406170 7010•04/•410•MPAS o. note e repo% lO rem rem. mt. ewe wen roomed AM 6 tromp 4%4.f reser*, e • 0 dtment4074.01471%) 
PAM 
Pe 
.714.4 
Mee% W401774.1. 
Pone% re Meaty 4 bdirred11 Ilertlatre. 0.4 eett en verve% refeet/Ornett re Preen% 00•10%450010.17(orelittretwr.threel 4% ate PMed M ParmtveltetRAMkt Pat Perkentste it 1100•044the PPP., merit Thil.WW 6 t9t 
a...Sordid u an eele of ieltdannlar the putt.* our* et sat Wanda annamea lb* brelannlyl mitt MO Ala.% died Inpbonnw haf•gualhan or an a nate. Saone.' 
Animal woremwettel any wasasomead hosw ma anndmultic 
I....m."
,l . mcquanai. trocepoteerime %Mtn% elemmtert et need% ant termame 
IA Intemmten Islet the tamer, al Pr pmen la %tan il ASS MOMS. SOS Wurrnell•Ml inl arthenid•ned0 10”..drentet. en. *I 061uiba Cy spear ethemPtan Mr atieMem It petebtatIll id. nall•00111 It *Me, chenrnattk the treetemerasti% 
re mean 0 te mit 
2010 01.004. Chet 4 Co. 
EFTA00727015

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727016.pdf
----------------------------------------
GIO 
e.e..,...• ...,...........„,............ 
CNINAF1 6 COMPOSINMOS 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepered ler .6 tnenco1Irusi es of November 30 2010 
MAGUS, 
11.:95 
Otte° 
Tow 
U ^C-E 
. 
XAWSD 
xPCuSD 
ISOCAO 
007% 
CV) 
IW42 
C.ErLISD 
I St43 
EuRUSO 
12901 
Atti 0 
0.%' 
„scopv 
US:(-.1. 
4,0 2b 
U 
eCK 
<.v.. 
F 
sod ettael 
. 
. 
Nw.1. 
1-. 00.11 
0:00:0 
5761)
5.• 011 
451 
4650 
(1a Al .1 
Cc,. C.:es 
zee."... goet.le-Narkti 
„ 
„ Ti,
Fl 
n. 
T ,.,e 061" 
E.00 Oat 
r.., • .,. 
C,,,..:,. I 
Cut/ants( 2 
ipnnoli 
r..d o. 
Co.,.n .. : 
r.p... 
Pride. 
Cei5nat 
Original 
P 
Permun• 
Fr•mom P.,
Own.* 
C In. 
Prem,:m 
.
1.644 (MD) 
113141.10 
114*. I 
#303 
93421 
}421.1601 
114A4040 
1144F'11 
8atl 
JPY 
Cgl 
10.340.30 
91,5010 
USD 
PM 
Sank. 0encleed 
$470003.3 
4.7133% 
.$1.070.12695 'I 
WO:12H 
OFnOM I4 Ilk-to-Wad el 
( 1
Canned 
.0,4, 0,p,, 
Cu,,
6.....n-ID 
1562:-I0 
ti„,..„.„ 
Sante. 
14p1
WTI 
CIA 
IN R''.4.1^' , 
Si,'..' 
:WOW 
W 
C.ru...„ 
USD 
ToPe 
WI 
°P?“' 
priOr.pnit
nt, 
pt,„..„
) , is., 
44001:0'00 
44D 
p,..m.,,, 
Gar I :..p. 
0: 
9224 
$ 
•
&1I-ID 
15.0..10 
Soil 
WI, 
Pus 
1(.0 060 
000 
USO 
Cal 
1.40200)/10 
$4.00 
-$001 
$ 
39)%5 
A3.01-10 
17.1403.11 
13040
Wu 
Can 
icooco 
100 
USD 
Ka 
.S15000).00 
4.00 
41 
I 
131:6-3461 
0.445.10 
17449r I1 
Sold 
WTI 
PA 
11:000) 
U50 
Cal 
1160400.00 
1110 
-SIAS 
341303 
.3,.., cem..,ett 000...... mukao.ii....0 
101.441 
,..,.,,,,D,.„, 
€.0::."'" 
0„.„..„ 
t..„.r ion, 
„,..„ 
,i.i... 
(",..,,, 
r '" 
4441‘0.44,44 
Erne PS% 
Curve& Pnco 
flan-Los. 11.PSD 
A, . 40 
• .6 m1.3 
.7. r„ ... 
U. . 
I 
16.1404.10 
i 05/.1% 
01.300% 
(14. 4'1 
21.319.10 
21.13000 
1104919 
01442SCOPI.F3 
92.10700) 
70033 
USD 
NI 
16.140r.10 
-6.03)% 
60001 
24200 
Opc. AtleAlure Opium Marta041....e, 
7.,i, .4., 
.4,„1r, 
C"....04411 
i'll0114"4) C441 
IhOonall 
:oar.. 
0.,.....„ 
[...„ Pr... 
Own,. . PIK. 
CAI' 1.4.4 I :4,,... 
21..0010 
254.143 
gi. CaMF3 
^500.020 
S3503003 
44:!).02 
USD 
$5774 
$7743 
$ 
65521? 
00.185.1 lureMu ,uo44rla1 
f 
a:f}I7 
Flail Neese 
r ....„ .0.,.... 
/....t.•.„ 
.>I. FAIN 
h„oe 
%1u1050 C.5 Face Armor,' 
Chneen 
ewer,/ 
Cowen 
,..... c a c.„ 
_
E..- . ,  
ten , L..., 
C..„...., ma 
cur 1.4. '.L...
..Itn. 
• 
SD 
&sum 
NA 
10300 
101.' 
7.3A-10 
8145121 
HR 
elansee• INS 
.110.030.000 
10003.00) 
USO 
7.030% 
NA 
$1,11066.911 
10”0:, 
100.0 
270,190 
233010 
01.00.2114 
611.:. L076191.1 41117500 
1030.0.10 
315 
USD 
100031. 
NA 
3129.166.67 
10525 
Dan 
291.187 
15.590.10 
1540.2015 
B. 
FPO MON MO .11321031) 
6000000 
373 
USD 
7000% 
IAA 
17291167 
101100 
WAS 
10A17 
54r10 
15-09, 2015 
B. 
R•01.4*. Pat 
4469.167 
200003 
373 
1.010 
70)0% 
WA 
19.10001 
99.00 
10045 
MCC 
2349.10 
0500/00% 
0. 
010ewo Im 
44721000 
1100100 
445 
U50 
7100% 
011130011 
S210.97222 
$1.50 
Seib 
470.972 
174444.10 
014/./.301? 
EN 
010roa9IN 
../A612500 
5030.300 
501 
USD 
01112011 
9245.17212 
9225 
16.?5 
470.112 
15-04P.10 
1540.8339 
HR 
Linn Lq.ami• 
4119:4 NO 
10503.002 
400 
USD 
1375% 
NA 
8000 
11030 
5132 
0104031 
13.0a.10 
150•24035 
Flout& 0/ N94 
4319/300 
10003.000 
SO 
IRS 
NA 
SO 
9.140 
921 
2.650 
Morlyel PI. Nolo* 
°Cc' r'',1 Y.,mr Val-MTMI, 
Pion Ope 
Maiumy 
1.1n1e0AnD 
!rico uSDCPP. '144 AIMI/61 
innai Level 
CuPree., 
Cowen 
C14.14411444% 
Tohd Pt 
Entry tee. 
Curren, PP., 
Gat, Legs 1050: 
ew! 
Fred 
14.24.10 
27..7.. ,:022 
SPX 
4502.020 
5030030 
109411 
USD 
1.702% 
118076 
$01.761.76 
10000 
107.62 
301.050 
111.041.10 
24.4x_:012 
PFE 
.310:00:41 
10010200 
17.10 
USA 
I3202,.. 
79692 
i 00 DO 
10003 
t 
27.700 
eve Ilmai Pa. Nan 7045-1470/00 
116.111 
SIP Pati, ) 
Co-pp„ 
p„....o... 
Singer 
l-4uw,-
Cart..., 
c.....c.„. 
cra, It.% 
?.,..r 7,50,.9 
...". 
r  ll
f
'o 
C„//
Gar 1,1,"""7". 
%
irme Ow. 
44"11114 
% 
02-4/ COW 
009. 
,tm Cease Capi 
.<5. 
403003 
V044440 
USD 
WV> 
02-41.15 
1454.1,11, 
N% 
e541 
ze3.i I i 
303%3.10 
3303/2010 
W. 
0100,0 CHAS 
Dinud Uclu.a ( 
30.00) 
r....,„„/ 
USD 
?SYS 
3000115 
1951376 
Z620 
0344 
16gw.10 
010010/3 
41,4'AN'A 
1030 
:cruunp.C”1:4 
USD 
NA 
36.3333 
75 
6.633 
.C2 
09.0. Prtlent4s MM. to Mad.. 
• 
717.1011 
Curytesu 
IS% Or,. 
MI i 1 
. , 
C r -
. 0311) 
. 4°"4.14 
1106:4101 
C'c'el” ,
(Miry PON. 
Cunn4 Pirtle 
C.INI.essIUSD) 
114140 
16.1)44.11 
S310akbO Ea Cu: 1 1 
EUR 
11250 
I:2N 
195.303 
1141.10 
23.1)44.12 
SAE Lifland Fa 0c11 
/.111.17I 
ELIA 
11330 
10240 
(12634331 
194Mpl0 
21.DX.I2 
&EEO 010.0 Fa 04/012 
.:03 
5.00).00) 
EVA 
10000 
10240 
195.790 
Open Euntwax MASS Itsk.a.14,1.i 
3027011 
, ...„ lam. 
c"" ,""' 
....kw. 
Ca..., 
Dm Olnd l.. .: 
4...., IS i . 
C .., 4 Pt ..4 
Ca.. t 44b :L "" 
.270010 
Men00fgn 00o0101.010 
0303 
U50 
O. 
PAH! 
P.% 
VIP 
S 
200 
Op..' eq.Ly MW. le. lOrkSI 
I 
10, 
EFTA00727016
--- PAGE 2 ---
a.GD 
Ciertol Ft 11 COnvilOilly min 
Tad Rt4.n.S.RRR 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Newt" ter hnancul hut, St 01 November 39 2010 
/CAWS° 
MA. 
XAVVID 
i)(17 
GRPOSD 
CI 
/0211.610 
120.1 
21129313 
910 
EUPUSD 
2103 
1/112C.P 
40129 
Ungistirin; 
LOWS/wig 
UN. 
Rala 
Sowed (bp./ 
„ tu
, 
Ononal WARR 
lesiuwery 
arty Priv 
Curves PR. 
Conlon 1V11111) 
001anan Sot., 
Lay 
111.1. 
nix. 
.$14.143 Et 
tst30.420 
Frurcal 
Ma 41 
3166.i. 
$ 
9039611 
Ctoklmn Sachs 
LON 
11.11. 
023R 
420.203.51 
$4.775490 
humid 
3150.119 
1166.14 
t 
11124341 
3011110 
714110 
BP 
Lop 
94314 
41179,6 
$3,036.270 
Elapy 
54.310 
.4003 
$ 
I1e2A921 
litde Oat 
Elfec11.• Othi Veiny DOR 
Jo 01 
x6!6.10 
.15 Pad. 
39,10 
91Jay.10 
21422, 11 
3932910 
6913910 
10.142p11 
Opp, Teta RNum Stop. Mvipip W.L.I 
Opp OTC $9690.9 142st92.4tvto 
Oland $0.110,0 Gunton 
Told IKORCOU Wanton 
WAD t 
(6.!x{..011 
16P31•PItat RISC Mintruntlynta• 1r throPeartn)lupw9 c9•6409143JP Its
,  Chide& CO. a•I.P pi334.,VIn maPAR JP µq 
CtAN 11120064 WOJP Ittpei krA0.204 a. neaRen 00.6019 JP. WOO SCINIC41.4. 
Iflet 4 4 ante CO Re Met 30,81X1t EstitrOrar90199142911ancepwairtORRK4 .03.51 611.210.2/40/9.9203•00410.8PC, m 
, P:36).34604.3 3 CO nry•Wale PRIV' 
trIAPPH6P$ VsNnMMMen 
P.10/2.9telytyPAJW10/.6.12/VtaROM01•124/0410, nlnpottrit tXt 
tromlrtn (gaited a Mania 
41,101/ ilicanpirinl0)009roMe...Idept•A 
winnows, IPPM466•21.163 Rama 001••92092 OflialiP2 
CI el aSIS N WOW) 0)0.0440.0.1W04•00M001011.1(004Wlet/ I. 0:400 (bike* ard Winkles (Vain oniAlpnon AM wehtinitennlyeanni NW* PRI 1.94.1.$92.6 tiletteriP)01.40 Rub TM nuns NeotaM.MOM an Oa 
09- 
:dom. 
RepriPar Or tittflpleger011 Innta01 
9091.1020in NSW 00431.10 
mipta eraynn pX0109 t• 93 02•40.119**RmititatcRitniunnKolatp triva aisps•IPOrte Or mint antr•93c. Pon% attn. V OW 0' 
9,9”“Rttse 
Va1.010•219•991R4•0100951004 
0141.”1•011•21 
rips. Rla bps Rios, rpooratfittina9 
meta panes heettnei pion •6663 RR to mulatto ouotea vOsa3pst 
ipp/Jetslaisam Knot.. nem to sew.. te ho paps el nakr9.39.2 :Arany. traerepp an, sRiciplie 
Rm. ye tasuppnamtr mama. u4Pneast• re asnaten nal ems plat el pin est b mina M.Oyban W tie Mite • Oat effincl coommnia. edam ening Ina s.• ea 40{041k MINI MI Ot44014.4 O. • mi1V.10 
IM.InS1111 at, bb to on; RR Re ot,Rand by Ps 11PC es anfrdwrmanal 
P10•0003049 yiuJP WO,  Pout But RORPTIth•026.09. 211mail•OininVORRearsa09, 
nianaies. See selausp2A Patna intent 
stste•es.aningbe rags, aveaRratssl Minot dontasn adnaavla anon. Uteri,. Po ictiRmp• orrehbaa Pood map Pa n Mil rasa '. NPR •••!....M.1410,1,0 NM, 
treat 
X1 2010 JIRIalin Clan au. 
EFTA00727017

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727018.pdf
----------------------------------------
GIO
Werd PM • (21154•4114 
Global Investment 
Opportunities 
Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared lor Fenano.n1 Inrit of of Se ptembe• 10, 2010 
XAGLOW 
21705 
XPIL60 
165745 
1.6000 
09131 
WOUW 
»DUW 
USDC4D 
13000 
56125 
1.0243 
4071.60 
15100 
5111054 
13612 
.46/0415D 
0466 
USDPV 
0144 
115041.1. 
441 
1.001405 
OM 
Fannotleastracts 
'' 44. 0' 1. 
20.1410 
" 0n. 
2204410 
tIcycht 
Mottend 
1.1€1 
457000.000 
V50 
",,,,, 
5157421 
,,.,,,,, D„. 
200412 
C...".“ SF.,
el. 
472 
C.Oatt•t, 
(.07::P. , oar.a, „
ij  Ciar::::
, le ,..„.., 
ouu„ .
r ut ...td na. 
4723 
4497 
0.1015 
4507 
56521 
4~10 
104/5•40 
!Uk 
5.0%.OH 
MUI 
141(400400 
102240 
}453 
219 
IMOS 
1345 
117.4 
1. 
045.0571 
OpenOpenFerwaN(rUMfWM4eMMke 
S 
44919 
IX Optima 
Cunmeny
0,,,,,,' 
Ontona 
c‘,„„,„, 
11.4. 0.1. 
t.pay O.I. 
Onatts,,n 
Cutrtinty 1 
IVO. 
ha~al 
5111,. 
Cueramy 2 
1704 
00.0 
1...".-*-^' 
P"*".." r'-,
GaInton NU» 
Peten', " 
1. 
1000010 
So10 
"n 
30%300 
Z97540) 
0.01 
561.030 40 
.113)5224 
52.150 
13~10 
1134401 
00, 91.1 
IPY 
Pe 
10.0:0.0:0 
935(00 
UW 
OH 
44704(000 
555544.70 
(A144551 
1142,40 
114.1•441 
Sold 
1PY 
Gell 
IO,M.M 
595020 
UW 
Peil 
CoM.Ne915 
14704022 
31,161041L $ 
242450 
Open 41104liens Mártle banket 
Camenoatf 05~ 
Trede Ma 
ts
e 
pey Date 
Dirackon 
Comme/ 
libeleal005 
rn 
( n.
y 
u 
, VP. 
neme. 
04.n.d 
Denim " 
rennen 
emwm 1.5) 
ev
.5'40 
irrLy 
Gevenm 
P 
t 
4.450.• NU» 
k 
1540410 
40401 
een 
c., 
110.000 
UW 
Pul 
5145 
(251.5591 
./...410 
1512010 
SOM 
WI 
%A 
101000 
05.5 
UW 
WI 
50:0303.00 
54.00 
.5052 
147.719 
94.2.10 
17414441 
Iloughl 
211 
411 
1(40(0 
100 
UW 
Pin 
4450~2 
44.50 
1101 
040,9751 
1~40 
114.144.11 
leid 
WI 
Pul 
101040 
UW 
WI 
1450~40 
$4.50 
41.91 
256.511 
2640.40 
4~1 
Wlxal 
Put 
035 
600 
UW 
WI 
41240243 
.51450 
17.75 
023821 
Open CavenedityOptiene1•4•14.44.4ket 
114055 
II 
• 
lens 
rust ome 
r'" `" "* " 
Duectlen 
UWr1Y1n0 
»01->"et 
51,,, e 
e on en`Y 
¶,,m, 
Fatry Peke 
(urnen Pst. 44141441 W541 
DNe 
114.4-10 
leid 
D 
Coni4 
$2303A03 
765055 
UW 
Cal 
5010% 
SA3ML 
105,440 
210n.10 
11.04.1 
D4l1Can613 
$2.501002 
711051 
UW 
Pul 
4410% 
Open 49estupure OP',..., "-Hl I. i'" 
..,,,,t, 
(Q.,.., 
bentiel120 
44" 
.4,......nia
11.11" .
4470044 
4.4040.300/ 
( toren,' Pne• Claint en NID) 
,,,, u.a. 
2144410 
»U 
CW0440144 3 
53504030 
123COACO 
4291,00 
010 
557.74 
57327 
141 
Open munuhur• 
ek to merkel 
f 
63x141 
Plarl ketens 
T's'''. Dm 
" rn
" 
, 
° P'"'"9 
ji"«. 
le4" al U‘ D
Cmt 
(me ounnunt 
Duonon 
eureeng 
Cou~ 
Heat C411 Cmte 
7.14.""' 
Enby Level 
inmeet 
Cvnent MIS 
Gainlon 020) 
21.41.40 
15424011 
B. 
bNkMaCnd .550000 
5404020 
020 
UW 
5.543% 
WA 
$2.197,57 
10300 
105,2 
149256 
7.1‘1.10 
~11 
Hit 
147nih`11102 
.510.020» 
1040140) 
UW 
7003% 
142 
5161322 
103 CO) 
1042 
161,345 
2544.10 
olactzma 
in. tooyno. 41157.500 
1000.030 
329 
UW 
10070% 
042 
579.1257 
10525 
10175 
144.157 
15.5.440 
15,4..2015 
I. 
leid 1,0144or Cred 4542500 
502000 
176 
USO 
7400% 
IDA 
114.91133 
100.500 
10410 
31,583 
644..10 
15,4..2015 
6. 
leid Molm Cred 
412957 
1(4001 
176 
u50 
7.000% 
ca 
1076667 
99.470 
106% 
11410 
234.40 
014047, 1005 
6. 
<n 40740/ 00 
4.7234170 
3030~ 
452 
u50 
7.000% 
11/1640.0 
14524392 
9410 
9031 
346,149 
1711.10 
01~2017 
S. 
oicregmfa 
-50.612.070 
5400400 
519 
UW 
7400% 
1111472010 
518743049 
9225 
9795 
472439 
15.4p1.10 
1544.2033 
NR 
1300471070:401 -533300.0)0 
10,00300) 
465 
UW 
0375% 
Ni% 
5600 
35300 
3375 
0/251031 
01.40 Reed inas.* Wrb4MMet 
943324 
5.4.1.1 Ms Nota 
" ^d° Do" 
." . '" i1
....mi, 
,, 
imicha u50 
tm. 4mount ~Ja/ Level 
Cureency 
coupe^ 
Curnenl Ineka 
lo1al Int 
tntry Level 
400 
44003 
0,04•411.444 004504 NIO) 
1%0430 
12.L n1013 
55300400 
5304070 
10491 
UW 
0502% 
114157 
544.,„ .11 
." 00
10435 
211055 
Open Weke, Plu' ~tee ne...1.14.4.4*1 
f 
34255 
bede0nu 
ms weity 
5H galon, 
Company 
Par volume 
Shwes 
Imluetry 
Cwren(y 
Coupes 
Heat Cali aue 
" 'mc*" 
rob, Level 
arne4 
(weent Pike Ga2lo2 DISD) 
2414a.10 
00J..10(0 
66M 
duw Lepel 
401040 
c740 1 
UW 
6.770% 
01.44r.15 
5142 
2455 
1533 
514441 
OpenOpenMM.mhNN4taMVFe 
turoSena Dirkkeed 
bedeome 
retm.ntr 
C...n'''. 
"' k"" 
stoter,' 
(Lormeny 
4.000.7104. 
Cum.% Pl.* GoultoteN141 
12.411.10 
1600011 
7010401 
932:6 
9.993393 
(VR 
11210 
11150 
21:6230 
12.401.10 
214K.12 
5.56 01.52ndiut Decli 
03261
9.959.911 
(VR 
11330 
10930 
T 
0031791 
1342.10 
21.Depll 
5•610endend lul Dec12 
50402 
5003003 
WI 
10100 
10540 
04194 
Openfweftee.DMdrdMlmllee Ma4e 
Tfacie OM 
i n e'
0111,11 
Ir.  tly/ng 
mr3^Y 
(001.." "
ti
S lle 
Ctinpncy 
TYP" 
1- ^1'y P...e 
( " 1,•^1P',.. 
son NSO) 
11. 
2041.40 
YAd 
54P 5025111na. 
450 
117 
UW 
WI 
5227 
1233 
3.1% 
0040 (guit, C50005 04441, 05 100100 
0..700 
00% Oul. 
Comp.'" 
>h.,•• 
Corrunty 
, 
.^4...Y 
LatrY Ptt.' 
Cureer. Prx• Gomt...105D/ 
1604r10 
5014. 01741,01142 
13.040 
UW 
11.20% 
3.04410 
52117 
511AS 
(710501 
24440 
00004 00 AyeDoubk ban, 
50,007 
UW 
000% 
lunch 
1305 
19.93 
740310 
Open fquary Mark 2 Maria 
f 
.37910 
EFTA00727018
--- PAGE 2 ---
GIO 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared tor knenonl li on al of %noel/thee 10. 7010 
Onet 
0:40010411ty 
X.4.4V5D 
217/5 
t65//5 
PAUV50 
X11)051) 
0)114 
%elf 
11160 
15103 
13W 
kr$DPV 
8314 
..60111 
4541 
ant 
Vote. Return Swept 
!tack 
OPeolve 
Dalt 
Ineluelty 
CPO 
Uneerly 
lonpShoet 
Shares 
Rate 
%weed 11.0 
Ong PM vol.., 
inewstry 
Fatty Peke 
Current Prep Geinlets 01501 
2.1.Ape 10 
li....••10 
Apel0 
Laker 10 
Tiarr.111 
25`Att 1 1 
Goldner. Hely 
GC/004.5.104 
keg 
10^9 
101:03 
30.00) 
)0L 
0.5.4 
OAS% 
41021130 
.114.421.13 
11.105.4/0 
51.175.970 
remota 
IMMO 
516042 
5159 199 
I 
114464
(1714141 
5101.0
f 
(.451390 
Open Total Rattan Preps Merlolo011erket 
$ 
P17.240) 
Open OTC peahens OlaeleelParkt1 
S 
1.710,741 
004041 pesItiem Gainless 
17.76;011 
TOW pantos Gainless 
16.014.0710 
'AP. MeollePAIRO IOW a Pe Mende, /Pen So. ptflMH0H5p0tthols.:001.0.11,111 Woke. Ogee • CO. PO ib1.411)/45.0,10rAle. IP idteybe OPP telt NA in1111 MOON. TnAl CO. NA Pe Wie•V110 CePeFO/C 3e, MOW. 
Se0a11451.< 0/1050 e• motet 01 OP Nee Yet Steel bthene ant Pier onike110 etd POPO tetkeyes 11.49 is tiePole Obit. noeto POSOSPC. Palttlien Pleat/a OPP$CO !Pt Operate orhul Pee POP Otelener PeOlned 44•40 
non% 
tateasetelstrepecenees lee PI omalierat paves orf, snetor name. le 
irtorrratIon (can 1,0011 
n••••••• and my actanpon,e, dccu•mil•bat ncloIrq tunes inniel le see mere% arta esliallenk daterepoy 
eMnsccric uln.lactu onarnekb bland to be manic bet v.• Oa rot surranuatoveltunn of mt.-, Or..., and &Mita.. [arable ow talontne smi Ito taw, tins vanoa nolo 
porlormnce nal aSkien• al ILOan Pouch 
Rif nircM1.01 A(Sin.tak4 as an 
or so.0130Inkvt.tiNreyst of iStolory 400•Nolivensf 
nt trollor 61/4,101..00, tht• "tares andtspiwts ea, P•00 • pv00010, al 
.V11.1 
INA0 •tlIn.atel) Of MP, SIM d*C1464. • 
Mao tot- to ‘p,rePtail weweronlonf rotten. We orna Gann,. tees dfflors enteveo.14 nos be erste.* vensete sleepy. Pat entre pluton hen sew nape be etnanotke the weer of mine pound telnIsnene hew gee 
ins a. oesePol POP vetoed pee esnxe nateePs ercl Pecan be no esseoeCts 11.% thee pees se 0011<an Ot reaSto1 the cbteatenen1tht Pewees OP eMMor otonntreed. eet•Pninuleal le41, me nOl ettroets 4P1 me rve 
oblessom P. ereessenesereurpoes 
on/ ten% et OAR nee an ewe nosed by Po 10ic or ateemeennteepi ere. 
Pease costal yOw 1111/Ow Peen* MI peoerfeseelor Peace iMHM0al4 reeinless iteetriesiOee. 
• 
likemillan Vann So wis n oho p.n.. by
 withlwal awfirravbe proMbirof Ando:oh:Snug Arsohydlitdemot. or &puska biantemoshor Osseo mkirrawnprehbmPet elyaionewn, On a ater.Owas motion urdn 
ww*Polely on1r0Wee t Ml. 
201010elooin Ouse 
EFTA00727019
--- PAGE 3 ---
GI
taa...i i s. ..... ,...,.. i ...
5.„,„...5
Cum% Flt •Conemodlty MIN 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared for finoncial Trust as of September 30. 2010 
XAC4.150 
21115 
1tAUUSD 
1906.4 
OPUSD 
3706 
USCUPP 
63.44 
xleUSD 
1667.71 
>MOW 
5642S 
%MUSD 
13632 
USOCLP 
404.1 
V9,00 
09921 
VSOCAD 
1.(9113 
AUDUSD 
0916 
1.150140K 
51769 
Compact Spot 
Contract 
(eta out 
Forward contracts 
it one Date 
f oPcY 
Rough, 
Notional 
Sold 
Nrotionel 
Peng Dote 
Rote 
forward Rate 
note 
un.,,„ ante cen t 
9,9137 
31444e10 
44X1.10 
KfnV 
10.975300.000 
ATV 
900.030.003 
12.1100 
12.1950 
1.400 
11.992 
S 
171121 
3144m.10 
3.04e10 
CAD 
10.204000 
YR 
934.320.003 
5.04t.10 
31.7300 
91.6000 
1440o10 
93.35 
191.243 
2.4.44e10 
PPlutel0 
NOK 
40.099.400 
GOP 
7.004000 
10-/un.10 
19930 
9.0142 
fehltry.10 
92425 
1254479) 
64%40 
30.1un.10 
NOR 
63999,000 
411• 
30.1un.10 
9.0970 
9.1270 
6thlry.10 
924/5 
1134763) 
16-4471-10 
2001010 
PP 
446.500.0450 
USD 
14%0900 
442000 
450 
fehltry.10 
0912 
0147$4) 
2944.10 
&Ample 
CAD 
5.050.000 
SPY 
464%4000 
6.4u9.10 
12.3175 
321700 
6414e10 
44.1 
1234653/ 
MAIM% 
3.10310 
CAD 
5000900 
AUO 
3.426.519 
10-46-10 
0.9313 
0.9214 
2044400 
04746 
227.139 
15-Jun-10 
17•Sep10 
41417 
11.270.000 
USD 
14(40.(00 
17-340-10 
1.1302 
1.1210 
Unlen-10 
1.11000 
1529% 
21.140.16 
2344410 
919 
457404000 
USD 
14000(00 
21.1,110 
4317 
4.7 
%Stahl° 
47.20 
1317,79)) 
2340n-10 
2.191-10 
CAD 
1.215400 
USD 
5440.0% 
2611410 
1.13 
1043 
2319110 
103991 
19.6% 
24140.16 
20.141.10 
NOK 
32.472.5G3 
USD 
5909000 
2940110 
6491S 
6.49•S 
234'6.10 
62203 
n0.2•G 
25-100-10 
2940310 
NOK 
34.000.000 
SIX 
30272.000 
29-4.310 
1.1964 
1.1% 
2919110 
1.19311 
04534) 
2444310 
Naugle 
CAD 
3.2154430 
USD 
3.022.5% 
26409.10 
1.01991 
1.03%1 
23.0.u940 
1.0649 
11244911/ 
2pAttg.10 
27140-10 
CAD 
3.215900 
USD 
4699.014 
27-549-10 
1.0541 
1994 
24.34610 
10279 
174431 
Oestd Forwent tontrants Gaintam 
$ 
(215.305, 
ta.o.magartemmo morn the marbrunp nem for the pence omen, berm comae by ie. ofeman 4 bar a co, ands tdontlann mignon*. IL Yawn Paw Bent,NA ea.:UP...U*1m InAtCe. NA me menbonel so 7P4 is. mem 
setumon int a me,* 4 . toterger 01 the Nes yok RocicOrcharleard p"ernatanal ard telisnale.thrOel 'lig is the Onatttakre. Nitrite NAM SOC la pkiltlesPeen91o0944 664 nlyttOtnne *plea Oteet 444104etrn o nommen elmet 
ereeo• 
The fiallentrq n ban; wooded le r inf emsaenal pap:en eat et a tr, tenem. lb ,o, nnmea Illotencan ...anode, ihit new". and en/ accerpeerfail ckaeneAtaike, . 0,11.9 t",  e.41enb.,  1. •^Y ......0, ewbfinbetr‘ . 40^•^“,
(0•Ann)ligif. COMM:as C. et-thsitet itIteletetlt0 %CORM t-I wed...KR...tiara a coevatwess ce zcc.e.) Otetans tntettento tateMate me 141prem et4 se helm to tempo etemantatiot PIN PelbeRV.Oe 6 er% 'Nicest 0 tif-de 'eyes 
Pm means, n rol manna can effete plotanen Ice Or patamo of We of arra Osamu, mina en. The teean-e...W.. Ardne Par *Moms ind melee. rue Itott a "mann ca. one envie amen to the Imre& nasunem. of ann.+. dowse tan 
Mule mkt to yew *Het& iteleeniettienfenielert we cannel panne* tholdrifonall gegmvollel mei II mailable ttavAdt. ind ...pat. Iraq inwaltWalienchen Wier Ian. to Di:Coned fee IS, wiper el man" requeed cat ulie.on Target pen, 
4.44.4(iaat.1 re414,e03140 •00n•eieWt% .44, 415 COO Ifte <a,  tennw., e4c, Ma ewe pekes et W11(..M.I.00413,44. The obbonntts 1.4 Pt ~Met o514. oneml Pr retonnan4e4 eakelf0 nutrat 1.044 se am 4.4441 onf Oen% 
obspeoen O. a endwise equator...4 by, anyera monk nee we ltw, road try Po •04 et am meenmma iment 
Pomo Ionian Ms 1P. Mumn Panne Irk repenenaine b krona akeneon cc mparom9 am ramaanon. 
Mei flimflam,. loe. *Ana* oll thr ptnen towtein1 a eedtaiml, end nut be pinfinjulard cceAdonlel. •Ana,..etilitulemee ...plug..., bramoroothef Mandl. sd*eueoe it gethibled. IIyea nor ..h..n once. plena Trudy the tend,* 
tnaymtateb OM Mont I tit 0.041. 
20•00beeton 444(0.
EFTA00727020
--- PAGE 4 ---
GIO Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ..„,„,,,,,, , , ,„,„,,„" . 
Prepared for ‚mends, Trust as of September JO. 7010 
Ornent FX • Commodly rat« 
XAOVA 
21.115
1301.4 
GORDO 
15700 
USDAY 
83A4 
301TuS0 
1667.75 
»MAD 
56425 
EURUSO 
1.3532 
Ulna? 
184.1 
WDDir 
09a1 
VSDCAD 
0283 
1W0030 
0.94 
USDIRK 
OM 
FX 
no 
Trade Date 
ibsry Date 
Direction 
Coming I 
TfeO 
Datum. 2 
Deneng 
Stoke 
Cursorgy 
'40 
Clot* Ota 
Original 
Dote 
Original 
Frenuom 
prenuom 110 
Unwind 
Gainless (U50) 
Fregs/ou
20.4910 
200011 
',Pub' 
gut 
cut 
7.500.000 
3.9000 
CUR 
DA 
4.44,000 
.240.750.00 
9.2104 
97.50.0) 
(181.8451 
2040.10 
200011 
Sold 
0.14 
Put 
780040 
3.000 
CUR 
Call 
0648.10 
20%750.00 
3.210M 
.640.750.00 
(S10.4191 
2480910 
241.10 
sold 
«OK 
Cal 
7.000.000 
9.000 
GIP 
DA 
05484940 
510114795 
1310% 
-S17039410 
17.0471 
91.1.10 
081010 
Sold 
1181. 
Put 
$0.003.030 
1,8000 
USD 
Call 
0640.40 
11020080 
1.020% 
.3379000M 
071.0201 
1944010 
19-40040 
13001.1 
1111t 
Cal 
10.000.00 
443000 
USO 
DA 
wasps° 
•590.00000 
4,930% 
5000 
193.040 
914.10 
15.01.10 
Bought 
CUR 
Put 
10.803.000 
1.200 
USD 
Call 
014010 
427%0050 
.2.154% 
$590.868110 
324.10 
591.10 
15.1.10 
sold 
CUR 
Put 
10.400.000 
1.2400 
uso 
col 
041u.1ß 
5111.63100 
1.086% 
-5334.206.01 
00.5761 
4409.10 
154u1-10 
sold 
CUR 
Cal 
1120000 
1.3200 
uso 
Put 
041u.1ß 
5157.71003 
1.195% 
•10.484.00 
133.227 
190010 
1345.11 
Bought 
CUR 
Put 
08000 
1.2450 
USD 
Cal 
034010 
A49503000 
4.950/4 
5619800110 
124.000 
up/urn 
13.8 0 41 
sold 
CUR 
Cal 
14000.000 
1.2450 
uso 
Put 
onuelo 
5495.00000 
0.950% 
-5442.75001 
52.250 
1918010 
13410.11 
Bought 
GOP 
Put 
0.00.000 
1.4425 
USD 
Cal 
03.1en•10 
A49503000 
4.950/4 
540000110 
1150201 
i 144or10 
134%01 
sold 
GOP 
Cal 
14000.000 
1.4425 
uso 
Put 
oPsundo 
54930000 
0.950% 
-5529.25000 
134.2501 
234040 
234410 
Sold 
CND 
Put 
S.00310:0 
„0500 
USD 
Cal 
23.10.10 
550.990.00 
1.460% 
5000 
52.500 
2110910 
21.50-10 
Bought 
8U1) 
Cal 
8.820.000 
0.8225 
050 
Put 
2Pistodo 
.25080000 
2.033% 
56.40.00000 
60090 
214010 
21.51.0 
Sold 
MD 
Cal 
X400.0:0 
0.9400 
USD 
194 
214.10 
40.00.00 
0.4204 
.58%00000 
(85.0001 
21.1u010 
214.0 
Sold 
.418) 
DA 
8800.00 
08400 
USD 
GU 
214.10 
210.000.00 
2442% 
10.00 
• 
Oesed fit Options 0.0.016 
•LP.Mervin gnat, use • the iwkelleq nine* for Po weed, bunbrq laniatainf said tryinieryn our a co, Noun weroisoin wog... 
Dr. hiorganClre 809 NA NS AP. filermarnal Gall. en mein, el the FCC I.P.Merrn 
Sectiniatliv_IPPAIS a a mitre. Pre New Tort NM Ischange and other mogul and regional ocharget MU li the bretoreloogrmenter 19450. WC In odelooes .110orgon Chose 00. nor gang swum olfor trolarögliin or trninursm slam 
4011.901t 00 to NOR. Arum.. 
poems Der to00 in repose to yr. Mutsu 98000en whose in 00 moose tod zot exontouir0 Axentroug.o9 irgAr 0 tus na 100•0110 09 Doeutis nAs et ohosroonosonsi. 
aminubee% elk...Awns or melee. I4 onus woo rem. WI sod...ensure rittorspownat re mar.. opts* roe egsmon corona ow toognorn and me metro to eorge wthert rot.. UM pfeeenivrt...01,neivtue al haw reouln. 
Iris resel41 it not Mo.. to Di «I« .%t 5110010 14940Nß. 4,4094 go tron0Mintournoth 11e 49:400441en teolle thee atilious ?40294ß2a5 nay NA 1.)00 0. all 40.41•1449 in 00 einl.t“li,61.V.t.ls (ea‚ st.t.dieole.0 NM 
Plum Wee goeurefletalstamengtefinnsgen Wounnot stesonge iha delont pootocold rot 4.0•1410 dernfure and grograt tha werol warsboro from ogee tours« to obtaind la go pAgeto er man. ‚round ulculessm. Tope prom 
.bria if 9 AIM* c bitUr g e be% ea. «re we vex ei .0 ind tie , e ca,  te no entrinott 044119ew primer sit Us On be DS 0.4 The eleUten 114 IN ettrnees 00. °root 0 recermsergal 90alrg .90.41 100 ge net d14401, HA trente009,90 
of. or onions or gronoteed be an/ bogs. IS& no ate the ogred by the PDX or invgnermoola .00 
nos contact ocor IA. mope „rat. link relevainion. Ili hetent reorinsbon a. needier) are tfort.tnr, 
retswirennowin is Tonto ,a et the panen la stern ri o torseosurcong be ingeged an remsomul Anso4 sweet. 
re egtorros be ruffle egg thin Ihe son. 
•pussatutau if go roerw On nnotn....e‘lt.h.
,a'S' 
swistdatly trgl re. 09 ,01 
(CI RIO 149.10.90 Oral &Co 
EFTA00727021
--- PAGE 5 ---
GIO 
,;„„i„,,„._,„..„,, ..,„„a„„ 
Current FS • Cammodety rent 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared fray I i nen( rAll Trial AS of September JO. 2010 
XAGUSD 
21.755 
%AVM 
130114 
GPM 
13705 
USONY 
SIN 
MUSD 
1657.75 
XPOMD 
564.25 
IURUSD 
13632 
USCG. 
484.1 
USOCIP 
091121 
USOCAD 
I(053 
AMMO 
0965 
1/501106 
55769 
Commocl 
. , loos 
Trade Oat< 
Eliplry Date 
Denten 
2O40.10 
02.A..10 
50/0 
16.04m10 
17am10 
Sold 
Clow Out 
Or: 
Or Ssinal 
Cust•At 
Ca...test LUSO) 
Cerseruharty 
Type 
AiOteanal (*0 
Strike 
Currency 
TSP. 
Date 
Premaim 
Premium IS) 
Ptens•urs 
XFO 
Po 
10000 
525 
IAD 
Cell 
07•400 
514400000 
51000 
-53010 
1254.010) 
%AU 
Poi 
5000 
1115 
USO 
Call 
lbAer10 
91•005.1), 
517.05 
5010 
tbt:00 
Closed Comm: ate Options Geiretetas 
S 
1121 000 
11e. Promo Frame far 
It Pentode"; mot re Me peep WM® Ommt Oloctrace to OP teepotemp occ,..retuomeatpts.c.wet 
Al µp.m cep mirk otit eh, 1 P Memo beg Co... it se motto 0 Ote 10K PP Wells 
freumelnelarhann• nett e el IS Nom Yak Pock Wry/yr end otherruinna gra moo-, totem. 
MASI • Ow ereloodesle. mentor IWO. SIC. h Nemo itMerestChree a C. mar mom woe can Wok...Sohn at n••.isres 40.4.....• 
001111•4 
IM f . swag • sea ProStd lee riennomaa pinewood, anrer henceee term. trsu. tnlianato- asts.... nun reams. As Any sesanpmtrqdecumetainet neuelno Sumo least to am mere. mete weurtnes omen r ts 
Perrestoret ukul.rters el Wns1111. 4 bele*$ to btettetre. Out et 07 rot aware dr (mamma et +watts Ovocos are mama emotive 0obtlymet u.0ut collect tether &Pete mote. Pet fertroreM 4 rot h0(Np ce Moe Mole 
Du. eratarn rut ...wad as an crtiw or upleasinet for 55 PSICSS 01 label any firinet VeS1.111•CA TS. besot Stolen rallsr thee effilenn and 'apnea mirg hdd • pest.. ar al MireelaSt Taff A the 11.800•1 IIIIINITileb 01•11y NW.' clinamIll 
Phase ,est. 1030.5 °mod sie,,muwomnio5ok 16* toren goetromem 001 nem nem vettel twee etalotte <Metre ao1uSOOSI Pal note 4I slerai,AS SO. fah 10orSt4 be obuinhl tot the pknOie 01 half" retrace. 01(4.60,K lepetplet1 
we rimmed erne et• emeestm memo. notertattne ewe an I. re murexes that line porn re mach an b mope Tot ottspoormed tee imam tota °Moot or r•COMMOdS. irdineg iamb Ma 
see not emcee era wen 
ototatom Go ot totem, ce 9....vaniehl C2. my WI or Vett to. me Pm Morel Or lb WC a me 07rtetnemel ePOP 
ntan <0'..al0
,  II welltto mast eet1 tePettrootbt lb bate inleoneSte Or relpedr• ire VerelObe 
mi..w.wa is kr Me so* we of ee moon to oboe la Wettest lad tray te poleits*0 ted toollfeettat Aro .40.0ifelte00104 0.4041kin by a...ftWe 
Moe 04 eMesste itprebbete llteureteet the et tote. Pest met; tee MIMI 
men:Stet, era MUT a wrest 
K)3010 IlfactinCla 
SOL 
EFTA00727022
--- PAGE 6 ---
c k lat I 
net 
GIO 
!
FX
Curratt 
• Commodety ram 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepated lor f mam ral Trust ss of September 10. 2010 
XAGWO 
21785 
XP1USD 
1657.75 
USOCHt 
9021 
ItAll050 
XPOUSD 
USOCAD 
13014 
5610 
I 0253 
GOPWD 
1.5700 
LURUSD 
1.3632 
NIDURO 
0965 
USTOPY 
5344 
484.1 
USDHOK 
51769 
Divid•nd 
Clone Out 
ij naad Net 
Share. 
Strike 
Cuotremy 
tentat 
Dato 
MatryMatryMatry
Toby Prut 
po, 
Gangen. AlSO) 
Tetay Tenten U11:14a A 
5.050 
WD 
10.45% 
I.A4. 0 
indatnel 
512.21 
512.09 
15001 
Amb Proveny Corp 
4500 
USO 
425% 
714•30 
enancid 
527.50 
527.73 
1,517 
(MelodIe bodocts Pennen 
2.500 
WD 
510% 
3/40.10 
InettlY 
535.55 
535.55 
MIN Namat Com 
14000 
USO 
010% 
5apr.10 
Tectinology. 
51410 
51213 
121310 
Doller Genera Corp 
1000 
WD 
05014 
544Pel0 
Cansornoc.CMIA 
52710 
527.21 
537 
Kiem Realty Corp 
1500 
USO 
4.36% 
5apr.10 
1~0 
534.0) 
53415 
1,156 
Mom Inktsiment Corp 
400 
WD 
05014 
5411,40 
Flnanda 
no.n 
511.125 
1.100 
Proptilies TAM Inc 
1.1000 
WD 
71)14 
541M10 
Flnanda 
5935 
5994» 
075 
Molblnanunent Cup 
19600 
0.6D 
1017% 
MApc.10 
1~0 
512M 
512.27 
04440 
Mae Norma Tntigy Maft 
1000 
USO 
5.3514 
2510, 10 
InergY 
50.25 
565.93 
0.2401 
RamaGenhonson Isoptmec 
5.505 
0.6D 
613% 
25apc.10 
~Mi 
511.50 
51116 
525 
Klan Cl?y 50~ 
2.000 
WD 
05014 
»M.10 
~ACW 
539.00 
5434 
1012 
»Maa Wo 
3600 
0.6D 
010% 
21.4pr.10 
Camtunicatiord 
MTO 
5134 
4,012 
574 liettool Ga Stompe Lp 
1500 
USO 
330% 
21.4040 
EntegY 
52130 
9325 
6.119 
Stoomt fimancial Corp 
100100 
USD 
161% 
21.4pr.10 
I Manzici 
sin 
5311 
24000 
Gab Paal% Cap 
10.000 
W. 
).16% 
»Mar» 
finrat 
522.00 
521.03 
0,2071 
/Nana Corthe 
21000 
USO 
417% 
21.110.10 
{legnat 
54110 
5410
(23.1001 
Magda, ooms 
USD 
21-May.10 
forto 
52.00 
46400 
1000 
EIM21 
oosog ~vno 
1250 
U30 
5.92% 
555.50 
59137 
1990 
MI Global bolde" lat 
12,000 
USD 
050% 
3~10 
~dal 
57.10 
57.42 
3414 
Nu Skr. Tnterpran Int -A 
2.000 
WC. 
173% 
44000 
Cansorme.0.30 
52710 
527.05 
100 
Centamat Emmy Int 
1105 
USD 
4.95% 
9~10 
Utikin 
512.90 
513.52 
5,535 
Polo Relph Uwen Cap 
141000 
WD 
014% 
1642410 
Consorner.00A 
5131.10 
50.15 
0,4921 
Facet Lodo.ng Trog bc 
10.000 
USD 
050% 
1744".10 
1~0 
5150 
5511 
/100 
/hult Usa Hangt Corp 
2.000 
USD 
010% 
1914410 
tak Matatals 
521.0) 
515.441 
/4515) 
Moindly hm 
2.000 
WD 
010% 
1134.4.10 
Conmankalore 
510.10 
5155 
1530 
Genera Madame Corp 
4500 
0.6D 
6.57% 
1914410 
M5401 
56.75 
24.4
5249 
»0 
441C0 01• 00° 
7.500 
WD 
010% 
2.312410 
5241) 
3M5 
Marian Madame Pannen 
1500 
0.6D 
010% 
141540 
Enen» 
566.0 
547.0 
1450 
fok Tedadoglts be 
2.500 
WD 
0.10% 
161440 
»044011424 
510.00 
$12.52 
5.293 
Redd Int 
3.505 
W. 
010% 
160.10 
Technobget 
516.00 
51932 
11429 
Green Dot Oxp-Cless A 
5.00 
UK. 
0.1014 
22M40 
Cansum«. Ham 
53500 
50.10 
35.515 
Mare Cap 
10(0 
WD 
0.1014 
214440 
55560 
394 0
12-972 
tomimetic TforaptuCts Int 
7.500 
USD 
010% 
22.M40 
Consumer, Mar 
51.50 
17501 
Pactmorp PC 
5.00 
USO 
0.1014 
1.34'10 
Inc Metemb 
514.00 
non 
0310) 
~kam bot 
100 
USO 
010% 
2.34-10 
Bata Maatals 
514.00 
512.20 
0.0001 
Sltamic HOM I Roods@ 
25000 
WD 
0.10% 
30040 
nnandet 
5110 
544512 
Kol Emmy Inc 
24000 
0.6D 
013% 
10.10 
Mikes 
521.50 
521.04 
2.145 
AlVii»,,(Oxabon 14100970 
11000 
WD 
0.10% 
5-00.10 
Cormina. Kom 
510.00 
$99500 
1500) 
Motiat neetthua 
2.500 
0.6D 
013% 
Itaug.10 
Coraume, MOM 
sn.00 
527.1792 
6.15 
M/ditmind TaboloMes Int 
2.500 
0.6D 
013% 
Itaug.10 
Commtnicatiord 
511.50 
5117559 
(240) 
Gram Attoponetelo MeAdr 
2.500 
WC 
0.10% 
1241010 
~MS 
544.50 
5455720 
5301 
Cal Comorcrian 
ZWO 
USO 
013% 
110.0.10 
CarcigeW, MOM 
55.60 
551541 
9/0 
Sta IMMIxere Group nC 
2.050 
WD 
0.10% 
13.00.10 
Comme«. None 
57.75 
579310 
352 
~dun Camus Communiiiet 
2.000 
USD 
013% 
0.Aug.10 
inamici 
sn.ø 
527.6000 
/200 
Pereantmul Iroestmont Corp 
4150 
0.10% 
1541040 
eminaa 
$1015 
5150900 
1240 
f maan rennes Lp 
1500 
USO 
013% 
M040 
friargy 
521.60 
121.4•34 
12991 
tnet32 LP 
4300 
U10 
0.10% 
1562, 10 
Contante. CAM 
53510 
5354502 
271 
Maant Int 
4500 
USO 
013% 
93040 
IMAM 
516.50 
5159700 
2.115 
World f uel %Man Cap 
1500 
USO 
OM% 
.61.10 
Coraume,Cmto 
525.00 
525115 
OifidaiXobe eK 
4500 
U10 
0.10% 
115100 
Conwituniationt 
53025 
521542 
1752 
Uil boldings Cap 
4005 
W. 
6.13% 
17130.10 
Mikes 
52535 
526.455 
4,532 
Mala Ma Rot tm 
1000 
USO 
5.54% 
2211940 
branclel 
55531 
547.075 
3.975 
Mdty Ina/ne Corp 
7100 
USD 
5.11% 
2340410 
Imencial 
53340 
531931 
wee 
Yntisens Panars LO 
1000 
WD 
05% 
23~10 
mom 
MAO 
541195 
1(051 
/Apen Mchnolow loc 
4000 
0.6D 
010% 
2340410 
Tahnology 
5960 
59490 
4340 
Petrato Itornloro-SØ Mc 
3100 
WD 
0.404 
2•54.10 
mote t
50.93 
531.040 
1310 
Munt tx 
2.500 
WD 
0.10% 
204.10 
mote t
51510 
50995 
2.495 
Wrak Mahaula.Clact A 
4000 
0.6D 
010% 
25.50410 
Canumer,Nend 
527.35 
527.343 
557 
ApolbCommettol 041 (stat 
3.001 
WD 
195% 
291100 
minclet 
51510 
516206 
517 
Ikter Groep MA* 
S.003 
USD 
0.00% 
3040410 
~Mal 
5500 
59626 
1301 
Ineopk CommunIcatoos Int 
50M 
USO 
010% 
3151940 
TechnOlaiel 
513.10 
511745 
4.589 
Mia% kyndicet• Gehattat 
107.943 
undertying 
compatiy
Contant 
Strike 
h pr 
taby Pr,“ 
8p Pk.Sponc Ack 
1100 
53.14 
$1.34 
$ 
(321620) 
Wo PloSpore 
1.00 
dul 
54.51 
235.250 
ClenalF aaty Optant GanAms 
183.3703 
Total Muily Games/ 
24.373
0010 'makste 
Wade Cate 
beker.
Apel 0 
7444.10 
1340,40 
)1.Ior.10 
100,40 
15.01.10 
21•00r.10 
100,40 
26a1'10 
4.1.49•10 
014040 
29.47,40 
01.40.10 
29.47,40 
)9•Ior.10 
34.40.10 
100,40 
15.0400 
11.1.40.10 
3.1un.10 
40410 
94un.10 
tO1on.10 
0.0,410 
90.1D 
111w.10 
164•410 
137y00 
10110 
16.0410 
161110 
22.0410 
23.0410 
10110 
210410 
»lukte 
1.4120.10 
4.449.10 
510910 
1.4.49.10 
1.4.49.10 
10000 
0.409.10 
114000 
0.Aug.10 
154000 
84'00 
/5010 
9.S•p.10 
16.5o610 
16.000 
0.54p.10 
056940 
23.54p.10 
13000 
23.000 
14.50,10 
215e610 
28.5010 
t6.5600 
30.000 
3010)40 
TOK Mary 
aaEMtt 
51/0 toully 
1.953 MPalt 
OG BOM 
RRC Mary 
Mig 5900 
MW [okay 
Mee fooi% 
KNP NOU 
RP7 way 
KW Ma% 
TW fout% 
MG Ulo» 
SIN Mum 
GTY (cp". 
MAC COMY 
MAC US 0921.10 C40 [pui% 
125 Conny 
fout% 
KUS 11.00 
OM I puity 
RL CaotY 
ICII I puity 
MUM tehtly 
9407R MaY 
Gr» ES,41 
PPI. blatlt 
Mia Equity 
OLIK bkulty 
RLD Mary 
GOOT Mary 
APA (AMY 
toon klokt 
MOtOony
MCP fooi% 
13Cf TOMY 
104 EMO 
AMIO (Quay 
MOM Eguity 
1.40.0 fout% 
MR [gmt 
COT DM% 
9014 Ccludy 
MC Egaal" 
MRT 59004 
OUP fehalt 
IMGY (gul% 
td km% 
INT puity 
COIPM 
Ut Micky 
14CN Mul» 
foo/PI 
trYPE Ba» 
feit 
MIVA Mary 
AMRS [gult 
YAM Equity 
MI [MO/ 
fLT MMO/ 
D'ITR Igully 
fly Opgaat 
Expiratie. 
Trad« Dar 
ckm. 
Mention 
22.0..10 
210910 
Sad 
224~10 
16.0.10 
042M 
UP worm. Preat Imt• X IermallenOMnera IMpIN4bap0.sMnØM0i157 uormn Oase 6CO.adiUMOilIMneØaa. 1P Mormn Ome een/. N4 orolP ØnTNRCO.NA ia ~Mto ot 0 FOK 1P Øn 
Savna unn arken n • naam el tm Nee Yen mak to tante ard mar mand am noem eeciamet mix • in teekadeat mentor Rom 9m. b demon MMaynQw4 bh ma maa vaneumem• brektudean et emanen ~ei 
<oblie 
Dn AtinatO beMPOMMR41~OrallhebbaOctt mla M ~Ot a tod olan. inlanetKe Wn1WNa.1MinOlt4i led Ms, ta 01.000n510000M11.40:" iglidt10 
•Ot 
tO 
~ot 
(wie: miswas. mexnems. 
conivement 
neem or ~ram • bobrad iel» Maat Mi we 0. rel i.v.m.:th (CfP91•1•19441,0 boom mimen ard esnrie. ownituneeur pci.~ and semapti tedynomiamt maa Poll Tknor.« rel edlEadrib Of MUI• maa
DOIIIUTO, 0 s not.". edo in out p geic011on 
Uw 0,0~0 cd. 
el urm, nromal ~urm« /Maat. deden ader aa eatainted ~Met thse hot4 poMon aam urmt« Mate kt 
leanoal tentnablb 01 ebt aa , MOMM na 
Mate att. tom., *00 tuotnenticonlInnaon %bemMgMilnlMgMOdlMnpnMmeht4 na be initYcleatatore ene samen Ooi wroet otabm frote offitc imem be obantd lot thtputtoteoleating notin0Malacnt Moer aan 
amena atemodtan kam men metra mam tra uwe tm te eo amonce. Iha Onno ram yekk tm I» MEM 
eisamonmed ibe wamt tem Mam. er eMennee.a4enlWlgmrWlln.i MeeoMPMbaMe.ml 
Ot.iisto, of. oitn~ 
ymardcM 04m bat c< tbSit mc me aa bk4OF yIMMCO MCOMmomal~». 
Nematu43001140/4 MMO Cent crotear4/0 la Maa inkom». Or MMO% mc tantum 
110anahatan h la Teleb We MTetalbmm.0nil 4.19rObt Ml My tOpMlØagKMMOOa. Ary 
4050.4c" 
04•1«.0>n brom** ellie• 
th* i4mN011ØbØ tlkOMNtMellibb ma. plast rolititeosoatc 
mramtd, a-dmumn by Pal 
EFTA00727023
--- PAGE 7 ---
!GIO 
• A 4.4 In.... 'WM 
On 
ea. 
Current FX 6 Cooiremety ate 
IC/ 30, 0 in:0MM 
CS 
a co 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Pirpareql for I ins/It/al Trust Ill of Sopt9.664). )0. 2010 
X441.11SD 
21.785 
XAVU$D 
13964 
GIIPIX49 
15706 
VSO/P+ 
0144 
MUSD 
1697.71 
XPOUSD 
561.25 
EURUSO 
1.360 
V5“1.1 
44.1 
EFTA00727024
--- PAGE 8 ---
GIO
,‘,„64 .„,...„„„,, ,,„,„ 
Current FX • Cammodity ;Ms 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Pirpsred ft, 
I 'named 1,00 Al of September 10. 1010 
XAGUSD 
21.255 
KAMM 
13011.1 
GOMM 
13705 
050/FY 
5344 
MUSD 
1652.25 
XeDUTD 
564.25 
CURUSD 
13632 
USCG. 
4841 
115004f 
091121 
uSOCAD 
1DM 
AUDV50 
0904 
USMOK 
511769 
FRAs 
Nettorral 
Currency 
Deemptron 
Fixed RISS 
(ca.., 0, 
Trade Date 
Matedty 
Effective 
(alms(USD) 
DEO, 
., 
2544,10 
15.140, .11 
ISOM'S 
500.000.000 
OD 
MA 
*515% 
15Dpel0 
1)2.000 
Sapd10 
154tead11 
IS-0.C10 
SOOGOCUM 
USD 
FRA 
4876% 
fertpel0 
S 
ISSMO 
Used MIAs Gainless 
330 000 
'OF worm Pm" Mr 
KM reurtmetume la IN Mob terkistbectere morboof by) P. Mown Mat 11Co.tediu tabitedlts wedded.. 3 r MOISas GM SW& NA well',  atoppransvf DNA et nartertoor tie FOX re iSx9, 
U./ M. Inc (0/0StIts • note 
el ils Nee Seek %Mb cahrge aril ads pawns. .ra toranalswlors. 
/M91 • go trolat.dc*t. nab. 
SAID. WC h ad:Mart IFIAcepoinOis 4 C. mai *wen win. OP. Istk•Illsain al 'tin -Annie...ay 
t.ifil.t, 
ni• kdpony s taws gto.dre ire rammuonal ImPOIM Orb rd. 
r roue'. sews t.wrnankenabm CINVIS4, 4 a tremens.. era am damparem earadmernart neap 
berms mem tom retteetoereert vababoerearmerea 
<ctironstors .1:u -e.ors co ts,Vics 4 Ofle..W to be WiYate. OW vm *no ...tett .twfirOliteftnt 
uo.nati. Comm, any tweets corridor. ed Marv{ and de "Dad to mole elpota mate. letter ffrovaNe 4,101 S.0(Viel Of Mwe MUM 
Mame..., 
a no; !erw rra4 a. , otht et biasses 
for mho pada 
se is* oil any fwerval rot...* 
Ito btotnalecter.•-4.3.thow slfilea, and tapb,eis me bd., • webs% or al as nmasonster ORIN Inn., 
mitnarone ...any must Moms:lb 
emu- tree m ma Geed Sit e AC. 0 ,1)(0,0ThnISSCA Vet wool gwartetiNK 00fotra prate velD1 Mt btarable elsteree an, soSOICIINIttrt/JI 01rMiNS acemther abets OtebUined he int MUM OtnilM) rettrIrtOMMOMT lettel OM 
end set, (+Owl ...id., 
b....Issas mead. main% and Ilin unto re syntax*. Sul inn* ma; swat an bo name De oatemontand de urtudormetel orkarden meenendMarbudemnatel MA nee 
drpmb red et rol 
otige.om of. et tr.,oncd ceo.winiess$ OS. aly Omi or Mit rer et PM herd,  SYOnMC°, SOISS0W~SliSWOCS 
kssst co'-'.,c ,s,
 r> 'is *S.s.s , s,se.S. , ONSteran IN h 
r irolorno3o. Or foiNdniantwaranktri 
n, oSralS 0,1 ssr the so. vie ot tat COM tOvAbn a a Memel lall .s. le poolsclaml omiklem$41. ary/de.OSISS•00.,0, 64.10110A by ^0.tOISO Ilos Its Ulf !SW< II POSbted If WO Oahe INS is WO. Oedst ASlift Pe se,sItt 
1"."4.td,s-4.1`,"1 
Weal 
“: 2010 Okbeq,CIsno a co 
EFTA00727025
--- PAGE 9 ---
GIO
,,,.." i„,.,„..„,, ..,.„„.... 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared foe rinsed rol Trost es of September 30. 2010 
Current FX • CommedIty rens 
XAGV5T0 
21.785 
XAVQ50 
130!4 
C4PUS0 
13705 
050/FY 
8314 
%MAO 
1652.75 
XP0U5D 
564.25 
CURUSD 
13632 
MCP 
184.1 
U51500 
0.9021 
USOCAD 
I (063 
NJDVSO 
09(5 
U5IXIOK 
58769 
Preferred% 
Trade One 
Pleturity 
SOP Remo 
Company 
Pat W•lue 
Shares 
Inclastry 
C•IneeMy 
Ceupon 
°b•. Out 
I alai a.v.. 
cni n - te"' 
un''''' d 
C.-• I 
b) 
Dart 
mad 
25-01.0.10 
.wx.to 
NO* 
WA QV% Opt 
16924 
ltonote/ 
OD 
6.30% 
29-94-10 
57.12333 
2500 
244%0 
$ 
1235 
25-/Ao . TO 
02-7.572010 
MB. 
IpmOsase Capri 
120.500 
f than( ial 
USO 
6.7011 
30JuL 10 
5502606 
25.00 
246526 
PISS 
25-rd.olo 
ex Apr. IOW 
his 
/pm Croft Oat 
151.900 
Owed 
050 
6.70% 
240210 
164314.92 
2500 
244484 
$ 
13.945 
).3 /t4s10 
02-Apr.2010 
BB8. 
Ipm Chau UPI 
110,726 
lituntial 
USD 
6.70% 
34rucp ID 
54620188 
25.00 
246701 
10358 
Closed PraltaresIS GnInitOSS 
SIP. weeps One Iwr n Uspersteanit nano 
SousesIre 00251I is 4 armee et de IN. Vol 
nbn 
W. ialaw,9 • bon, partial ha ”.........a 
tonharcons C410MaXit IN tRals)1M1 A Inks.% 
Ilia malenal a not anoned as an elf.. et wicAunson 
Peat ado to tor tared sox. ressoMentess 
/and WISOPIt.d WA:11M toad sPOPI MOM, 1.0144•1 
O8413x.O..4 of. pc enlysa$ fa 9ay amiss, A. any 
Nolo <0' 00 vto r F. leettls ...et OHO ofeasersare 
ThiS ..10'..40,  a R./ Ow too Vt. cd et Pastes) 
nin.d.t.0 4" rib'.  4 We." 
Is the pilule entailbanes tondalad bp It Mangan Or. ICO.ISM VIIIM011004.00:1061*. SP. siergasoire eat PIA and W. lAxgan Men Ca. NA me menterr of de FDIC. IP. Morgan 
Poi Wove ion <Ott Isltitesala#4 ttooml meanis. "314 the trao.deStr.mentittios50. 9K. Is itlaktn. "Pew Owe a Ca leo *poste swim TOO SOSO &Saler futtOntrM 10AWy 
...mum et *-41. n 1.0.••••.700 moat irdorsona tortraes a doneness. as are erenpastro pours...tame ...oats rq as. eel Intlal to set, teivanh.rnyatten vaabent.tianeng 
tO Ot /SSA. Sul Y.e 6> MI erinaM its (PrOktfneasiN kiaae4 Op 0 k:
s 3.1.160.1116)M1itulef•s. Mar S., 4 and IWO taiNt so Wale &Pad noose. Pm potorwese is ter edoree et kroat Wilt. 
for Its ;unarm a tale el sny hernia VOILIIIMM Tor ercortarden nee inn arrant ma orplopes nog held a pease, et In 64 MOW IMAM AIM leaned ...moraine°, any moor shrewd h 
we Camel SieetersetNadleterMiefte V Ad ma tearable ebettere tad rosorsu tess wore OloMbed frtatfatf i4"t4 be obtaWned Rof the pin** of milk. 'Molt. oft...6*n lever pion 
and don an be en finances Out inn. mono treat an ba melted The eithortors red do usseme old. thin; en sermneadedorelsdeq moral ha* me not *pes are we oar 
'woe6 
WC 
Nei frt.& t 844 we oty 
ta the 
or we Taseermate 1004 
lo Soren intorno*,  Or MONdrai "U.Q.U1OO 
Terms ti effreetd. end rep te pedtged Zed Iteerhar t SI . day ate. diontertaa. M 044wbe by *yore Pilo Poe Me icUrthtt is gronbted If nt. ruche 104 In mot peat amity Oe ooder 
limo owns. Close 8 Co 
EFTA00727026
--- PAGE 10 ---
GIO
,‘,..64 ,...,„..„, 4 
..,„„,..... 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Pirpnred En, I i nsno• I Trust so of Strife...lbw JO. 2010 
Cuero* FX • Conmedity rens 
X&GUSD 
21.755 
ItAUUSI) 
13014 
413PUS0 
13705 
USONY 
4344 
MUSO 
1657.75 
XJOUSD 
564.M 
IURUSD 
1.1632 
USCG) 
484.1 
1/513041 
09421 
05000 
1(043 
AMMO 
0365 
0504106 
521769 
Fixed brawn* 
Toole Date 
lOstuftly 
n. Stating 
If sue 
rot.a v() 
Col,it s
FM^ Amprm 
Dr.'.“ "S^ 
Curoty 
Coupon 
CkUale
," °" 
Total interest 
fatty t e ve I 
unwind t e ve I 
GooOtess RPM) 
12-40,-140 
I5- 
6. 
4414tetre4 5141t 
-51.404040 
1.000.000 
553 
050 
7.750µ 
leap-t0 
$1041.1i 
100440 
102,38 
S 
24.111 
12.May.16 
014,02011 
fed Motor (aid .15242400 
3.003000 
032 
140 
7,375% 
15-Svp- 10 
105,96954 
102.854 
101.05 
S 
64110 
17440410 
2*041-2014 
Petreers Della -53214750 
5.030000 
I24 
050 
491014 
225ep-10 
14443074 
335 
5225 
S 
7.141 
Closed Flied Income Gainless 
$ 
97.741 
le ihneen Roans last' n et rartesne name (a its pens belong basalt rereased te i r there, Paw ICased its subitearinseenvde SO SloroonOnof Ofeft NA. are I'. Menus Teen Ca. NA an rreerewi et de WIG le Mogan 
Sawa Inc. Wee/ is • mere a el traits Vert Stock Ca home anf *Po ortiool •.<0.0 0.... • .2...on. ONO • tho tookniffoln. mover IWO. OK. h self Moo affAoroonCloof If Co nisi opfoorsou odor ibrokoodfolfn en oofonfoi ...foxy 
<MM. 
The Wesel 4 WOO fa. 00 10 Ofternal WOW. Ogt allle a restelet 47 tea relseat inten4404 fOOlfOof a Off otof.Ot ON It OX000.004)000010.1403.0. hosdo)bA fel IMO. Off., MAW& fro,le Notoliens, slafflot011 
conitoroloro eau Olen of affrovot • beware vs te ressiero ton oo do no ovum of tefrooftonfo of amen, Conner sel enema nue.. 
3.41arriee endue eaten badiarlo wlifotO not.. Pea twareenten net eerie. N futon mats 
Dos awe -A 4 ntermenfte 41 in OW ot xlcaxion fOl On fuf(fost ff NC fil IN OfUottIl iogoinfM fieWOO 04401 4.4VI 550 afOlattf ffiO flOOlOott$ OW/ NW • PfROfo Or MS 'note< 'Mktg lo ito lOao oaf 'mow, nos Of /NOON, cIx000l n 
pons off. loofa offsod rimenesucentresee we urea nuarreireeseil deferent poen null net be •iinable Osamu sea u4gfole OW woo al IISUMOT Iwo Mho. moms In obtonal lot the pug:soil ouforq own.. oilculaxet Toren 1:0.4 
kW foO6Of TN neck are teal vton mores fi)leal eel then be to iltnaNtflh/IIPSIO PACS o• neck on ix metre Tee tretisc ons le4 04 Islakel gfcl feltrof. Of fffooffenOt4.inflofifoloofvol lends. we nce teals .7•4 al .21 
W fort o-o O. co • rafood e• caisnited %fano MM a *oft reran Vey rued er ins roc al ear eevonveese epee. 
maw roman seer IP. Italian inn,* Or a nrowertsim Ia eallr inlansbon or ropecIng sty Inman 
ran inlomistne.• for mho tole., aline omen tovAion it • ofcksood. .0 no, to poolood sod conhOnsl. Any NIP. dnintr.ine, at Cupilatnn b, artr• 00er IS, the 4161.41.11. ceohbowd 14 you worn Ih• r. feta. 01•10 talk Po WS.. 
innt441di 4.4 tebrafn it ty Inill 
3010 PIPOrgan Chow A Co 
EFTA00727027
--- PAGE 11 ---
GI 
to.d..d t...„......, 0 . ..,...,.,....,. 
EX 110201m0002/ ran 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Orotund Ter Ttnanoal Trust as of September. 30. 2010 
XAGUSD 
2119$ 
*AMC/ 
1302A 
COMO 
1.5209 
ul.eldr 
pa 
l(PTUID 
1657.75 
XPOUSO 
$421 
WOW) 
I.302 
utet.an 
U93011 
01021 
USOCAO 
Alta 
AUDLISD 
Ito 
u30300( 
58)61 
Orlgonol 
Criminal 
anent 
nor...A 
conoory 
orAoot.on 
A rr d not. 
'VP. 
•
rums.. 
rorouro.“6.) 
proms.. 
Closer Out 
debt 
<write., lUSO) 
—..r.. 
Trade out 
taps., 
otromon 
22•49-10 
24-htor10 
SAO 
SIOSOUCet 
USD 
Sorrollon 
4350% 
09:04, 
5$0.020 
09)% 
-1892.0)0 
242621•10 
(9)2.(00) 
30-00A10 
20Altlf 10 
Sold 
310.00.003 
USD 
Sorrollon 
4250% 
09:04, 
$113.030 
1.13% 
.5380600 
20Mar10 
1267.00) 
30.00.10 
204./loy.10 
Bought 
$10.cotoot 
uSD 
loroplAn 
4260% 
1•43o. 
3114,00 
NiAday.10 
1155.090 
II.Ap, 10 
144un.10 
Sold 
$10.030600 
USD 
Soropbon 
4260% 
Round. 
$125.602 
LIS% 
.1521.500 
lAlun.10 
1304500/ 
31-6Atol0 
36441O 
S033 
510.0)).003 
USD 
5.101/0.3 
4350% 
RtTeMer 
$136.0:0 
1,36% 
41.1450) 
30.A410 
11.1:01300) 
1.90.10 
14.94-10 
$033 
510.0)).003 
USD 
5.101/0.3 
A350% 
RtTeMer 
5561.$0) 
162% 
141.0.10 
561.9)0 
21.1.4w.10 
)043.310 
Sold 
%JOAO:stet 
USD 
Sorspbon 
•260% 
Round. 
%IMOD, 
OM% 
2644.10 
IMMO 
213-MA.10 
133.5.10 
Sold 
110.01/D.0O3 
USD 
SorsplAn 
4190% 
Round. 
5514,00 
SAS% 
134wq•10 
54400 
3990.10 
3A409.10 
SOW 
SIOSCO.00) 
USD 
Sort0tIon 
4350% 
RtTeUer 
51.10150 
11.0)50% 
.52.M.003 
24.40.10 
11.101.500) 
tiond Stroptrano tonileos 
'IA Wagon Mont IAA' it Os nutetA) rorre le OA win* Outdo Ororeu (9594-tcd PIA. VrApn Owe 4 CO AndAs totratufev.019.04 MT Merton CINItikrk MA AAUP Veryntrat CO NA me never) elite f DIC. Or Veyin 
. AuSerut. 1.0491i), crewing ar OAP** Tat Sto4 trOlonn ordoore oot-oral aid Atieulcuturge) OM line lotivaultrAnerlie 00140.9K or 20.100.1059932•Chet• CO. nor OpwAt roe.) olio IlrelorkohnOuourAntod 
- Aorrotollro 
• ildb. ra no u two or word tor Inloreoteul paperer. °TN new in I orpa. "avow revert idormutnnmuss in ohs nowq• Ind erg .14(Ccriarol a .5.., ......iwor.thdaa pa to, 1 it wit...” ....ta. et.tyn n i “c.n.......i.......... 
allYnaliNy<SSOACOnettibnabk a tad leaS so t. telobi, t
 ...dew...rum ea campneara et wormy. Censured warmer rondo.. *a Auroral ruin ortlou to cloorA oils.. lurks r...F.damW,..^."
,da,min•Au• 
WIT Pro salvia es ord Atoned as ao °on or sotrilatAo NT re turlone or Tole ol orr tAudolirotunrol. Du-Vote drub-ramie the,  arolatumidtorrotre) cry harts portico CT al outwit...1u AA' Pruurd roKATI)or An lour . .. 
!0) M. los...follow dratertotrorraton Ws error quorum* out ellrau room meal not b erslobir elovArrr red turplarrunorsolistarooro ttersothor teams t• ctoorod bre. 1•09.001 mane rotund coloatruott Twin 
Orsini or &lona rein art WO nun resortrurattoolt ord thereon Oen° moo ArotrA Ouse Thus 0. *Mom Or rodeo. Ile celtateurd4 the sturrtAsKed.ortrect Outrosoordert Arlottu) roving TAa are nol tone ord me Oot 
- - tirorrool. sr roscurd sr orannurd bo oar Wet. Aloft noun pry aural Or Ow ANC or • en/ pine rennet • eTrolY 
. 
• (VOA! ter/JP Muttro Aluit OA& Apo Amour Tv luther Aforoulitn or tow...) au trouattiol 
frAurraben or la oho orb uo ol or* Aterra to =ran in A saboratut ...t
 Or partrood Ad cardArroal Moue, 001041Ort a aolcouTo evorrau other Nn AA Moron. •ourr turd ll rea mon tin am, Sao rooster.. tot.dor 
atthKelpail Keen ?it& Ma 
iii) MO iiia.1.0.1N 4 CO 
EFTA00727028
--- PAGE 12 ---
GI
Q.t.,' l a.......„..0  0 ... 0 ,„,...., 
AI 110 00100/0/101•5 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared ler Stnano.P1 Trust as el SepPemba. It 2010 
104051) 
21.705 
/CAMP 
130).4 
GOP1.00 
1,5700 
USDIPY 
13M 
101100 
1657.75 
%MUSD 
54425 
SUPUSO 
U4,2 
USOCIP 
104.1 
USD011 
01t2I 
USVIAIS 
ISOM 
AUDUSD 
0366 
USDOIDIC 
53763 
Mal Main 5 
Ira*. D0* 
"1"1n*  
"s"."17 
SI...Putty." 
lengliwts 
Shares 
an. 
spread (bpi) 
::: :,7 4
., 
1,,s.. E , 
L.'', I.,.. 
si...a P/ ,./ 
Dela 
Data 
15270970 
,,,,A.,... ;vs 
1Z11.042) 
~int 
Rata 
Closoct Total Patton Swaps Gainless 
• 11,
x¢0¢,43 
Conenor 
00.01000a 
SIII01 PO* 
n^I  
C1.0” 7 14
12I.COPCOD 
USD 
Noe 10'y Ili 
1,335% 
$12.115.11 
ISarisy.10 
12SSOPCOD 
USD 
Res listeyfll 
1.730% 
$12.14131 
7501.0.10 
11.1:040*(00 
CP 
Re( 14/9/0111 
4150. 
/239739 
30101.10 
13.(040*(00 
CP 
Re( 14/9/0111 
415(04 
5242010 
3000.10 
10.0450 
USD 
Pay lisPac HI 
4550% 
44115.17 
1640010 
10.0300.10 
USD 
Pay lama HI 
41.50% 
.5/1.66315 
.64....0 
10.0)00)0 
USD 
Pay11010 Ai 
43506 
42216692 
24.44.10 
Gainless 01501 
2/3,100 
227.000 
(50.500) 
01.51(0 
11.104010 
11001.030 
12.327A00) 
- 
l.
.0.6, 0.0, 
suisnly 
6Ho.:: : *
211.40,10 
10Apr.12 
Napoli 
30.Aµ10 
001,Mpl2 
O611µ11 
1011010 
211.0•12 
214A/t.11 
25-410.10 
B1110.12 
29441/.11 
26.101.14) 
21110.200 
20.01.10 
10/09.10 
Ilaua-20.0 
1/40010 
1/0/01.10 
16-ItAI 200 
100140 
L., 
taws 
t" 
r....0. Dal. 
mehniy 
o*:: : .
24010.10 
ISIS 2040 
24.140.10 
24010.10 
SW0.-1010 
Cies., Inlenal Pala Swaps Ciantoss 
S 
&cows 
o... c,1 
net.....i 
Gin en„ 
D0./..pbon 
t,..en0e 
000„1 ont 
tr:
i  
" 
" 
(....r.so.. On0) 
'" 
p,.
14160.030 
10541010 RI 
41565% 
.S31.160 69 
104/4r10 
11.0110.0)0 
400.030 
USD 
LP Iressarst40 
46715% 
10914241 
MOWS. 
5441630 
40,145 
104/1•., 10 
$ 
Eismo. 
Closed 30tear saup Spntid Csastest 
.... 
(lased Swaps Gaintest 
S 
16.016.038) 
'IA Shaun INIssw Sat' ft Os nstkeens au. ler DM poart• Wain; bosom sonst.0•01410100.0in CPS. •Ce. anthe Sriltral4Aaltrod• AP.MargIn ChM OVA. MA aseliP lIcassn MAI CO.Ii/a. see road. enta PDC. IS.Varon 
• esters P01.4511iI4r/e•Otr cf Me Kea Stet Stodchoan)e 0.0 000 As00.•/ and .40001000/0. 1061 is 1he 0.0.04010. rowan. 400 OK ...6.140.1P141•00, Ogee. Co. nas smolt wen. cffit. 4.00 tr.'s/. (P.rwear**1 
S.
 rot* 
101)."1.1.'0.0.00
6,• ,6”"ete. , POPW.ON .rob in RIPOMe *IOW 101135% hkr.iplif AUntareJ .6 'h./ye.)). .4d ie, mcnomo..94.0,..”,,,i)Naio is9 ba .,,,fin ts to ,„,,,,u
. n.At i ,,,,,t,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
carensonsokulconer isneistos. 4 [awns Iota Ma* tu undo 00 ..am wearotaret et saurny. [peens srd some. rommaa 01a0srans ped aro sawn to (sense pitheve nem. Part perlsnnatc• Ana adeds. 001a 
li lt Tha mons, ii not aseses al an Ow enascruese kr so pedusee We class lernal frserserroni 110 Ir01.0.1•4.1,4n00 00 rte.; 
aldens/C0e4 m000 • pareon a prim twin mart a she linst0statturrant 0 son,. d 
maw re10 los0r &Paw draws...ranee 
We raies1 juawrose Oa 011iesti seoneeulel net 0 sot 4Y thabot• ad saw./IM wan., estarearn 0SM ethnear04 be dalared %nos porn. el nublantrips.nteinabebn isnso 
- lasses anoernes $00 we brag .pan marsh rrau,4•prdtherean be no opanat 00 Pause/Ns e.001,san be rutted. Dm COlt.04 100 411 WWI.% en *Hint O. troonnordset.00ans metal sods sr. ral 40401. PS an., 
r.„6„,,,o,p,,,,,, 
',awed of. e/aari. sr PIM% no/ ve 0ey0aelbt the IOC a Int Seitros, III0trft 
roman as IP. Mergsn human* 00/0.nuttre fin Ismer alennsuan es reastOrpertraturom 
s.dbaratienii.101 IN.50It We 01 04,trna to ...), il soilfriaL 00 nw le fra ?OS ar4 ccolitlernal Ant um 00, 0•Cia". or 00100IntstaPpsneelhoPonlhes400.«01teNtital II sOnt4.004 iserP. Pleue r0100 Me xarlo 
ernado00aulnenn n 10 ma. 
ID 010 IMS/%0•00e• Co 
EFTA00727029

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727030.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727030.pdf
----------------------------------------
GIO 
Cum'. Fa • 0603.8119 rata 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
160.050 
)0783 
1900110 
193642 
11344 
0111 
199230 
14131.110 
1150011) 
.2.7 IS 
me 
GING" 
568 
U533136 
618 
curvv> 
12071 
111000 
1028 
4JCIfil) 
0891 
050004 
6341
1.4.1. en. 
43.36.3 
11.63.333 
ille8.3.3•1 
Sold 
leettesel 
103.34.0 040 
C1.17441 5101 
NM 
ConGan 
<4030.1 181 c.„.. ..„ :„ ‚ „ Gime. 46 0, 04,0.0), (050)
08.44.4 014 
614 
ron.ord 
9.10 
27W910 
(40 
5.215.0» 
000 
4,89.014 
2754010
ioei 
0311 
'0139 
0003 
1041 
(73331 
306140 
nal.» 
941 
4004030 
USD 
9374.601 
200610 
4)2 
47.11 
4741 
0.1420 
4/.41 
I 
64445 
46A8.10 
1004340 
0.41 
1.403.033 
ler 
1.414003,020 
1000.» 
276 3 
363 
30381 
34443 
21010 
I 
124.514 
Opon 0643810033108411 Martio.10.8.1 
16241 
. 
• 
3,01• 0.'• 
10;3' 4 . 
Itll'G'l 
GG.0''t 1
' ..... 0 / 3 
,,,., 
e„,.„„ 
Typ. 
ll.l9 
t.'',
00,0 
'"" 
C.,-.1... ame; 
.0 ' 9 ' 9`.
rfr..-0,0, 
600666, 4. 
603-0.,” 
21.10. 0 
4.10 0 
80401.4 
8325. 03 
118 5 
.2508000 
.2833 
760238 
»X) 
3146,10 
2140610 
141:1 
AUD 
exisom 
Ll11) 
Ni 
480303 
064% 
.2.31845 
31200 
triele 
2114010 
SW 
AUD 
QMM 
0.2/90 
U50 
CM 
<ei 0 •033 
233.00.00 
211118 
.3334539 
150230 
1164p» 
1146011 
Uwe 
109 
gy. 
140:0400 
930333 
MD 
GO 
.347000:033 
4)00% 
arge 
033.130 
11140.10 
I 110091 I 
lad 
er 
(41 
,40)30» 
935030 
360 
Kn 
C0.10081,5 
547101300 
4700% 
/20654224 
t) 
0,8 Ix 00.n. mork.to4440.4.1 
4.02.9•6
„.,T T , T, T
, Tp!„ 0.,„ 
ET
Typ. 
„.„..
TT T. T, 
piep,. 
Gurn.30/ 
4130. 
0,4"a 
011em, 
(imtat 
p, .T.„  :T.p.
118343 
Prom0t. 
4...3.036 .9 
9..09.9 
' 
' 
19910 
150400 
099.2 
WD 
(01 
MA» 
9) 
050 
Pvl 
90303)20 
MO) 
111? 
asuita 
mei» 
150.40 
1416 
MT 
M
10380 
1110 
Gilt 
14033010.3 
.51.91 
608 
00610 
17.69/311 
88.044 
WG 
10380 
110 
160 
M
103(0)0 
4450 
528 
08490 
848.10 
1748011 
141:1 
WD 
041 
103400 
6) 
1.11D 
Ga 
141403303 
1450 
.1134 
non 
13069.10 
26096» 
804.3144 
410304 
NI 
1333 
.330 
CM 
11325008 
.06.50 
$1435 
079301 
Ore coneser Oper 4440.44.8441344 
415980 
610.8' 
01.4.0... 
<6,0330. 
1111,(04110 
1.00.1 
Herm 
Cumnof 
tney Pn. 
Cumntel. Gmato.1000 
21.4311 
61.1.440.131 
1.260.0» 
12810» 
4124443 
010 
1W.74 
1610 
20, 0, 1
Opt. 031061 
Man ao MNY44 
to 
nais Inas 
3,990.9 
....i....9 
•30 0.,00 
X17,4. 
"7 .)17, 2°
3.9 0.,-.0,4 
o.....000 
<009 9 .3,
4.9e 0
00.3291 Dm. 
Tirj„4.0 
Fney Lee. 
011,.111034 
Gatetess 050) 
134.10340 
010162011 
0. 
NGnbto. 044 41342300 
5.000030 
0.11 
MO 
330
034 
11118131 
WZ» 
10.24 
30.98 
21647^0 
15/8201/ 
teosee ON .5603).60 
5.0010 
003 
5)00 
90.3334) 
0(00 
„
(0 
0)314 
.1148.10 
cnotwom 
'am tedpn; I. 41117.930 
Leeeso 
123 
1311) 
104(0% 
re* 
51140040 
106 
107.71 
1300» 
17144010 
1309.3014 
09999 Ot. wo 41231250 
109310 
337 
050 
450333 
4461 
171111.19 
6335 
Q60 
04,720 
theen 
ISA.M.% 
0. 
06.6.40ce 644 
4198.957 
63030 
320 
Uta 
lallt 
PIA 
13.4.19.03 
»AM 
»168 
keAu 
2046» 
11180.2014 
0. 
CnGe.e.1134 
.672180 
400.36 
484 
U11) 
10110010 
512044441 
0450 
948 
14184 
1786610 
01443/12013 
8. 
COC,.40h4 
44.612.500 
504416 
510 
030 
10309 
%OLIM 
5193818 
9225 
NO? 
29191 
wie» 
114.4031 
11R 
Motort Ist» 
4.3.800000 
1403000 
4.03 
MD 
111514 
MP 
»6 
11030 
4.6 
0.7100 
19110 
»40 11 
111t 
nee32ine 
.311(01(0) 
eoemo 
030 
10309 
PIA 
$180038 
100.000 
11010 
— 
1010» 
0390 ned )99...• Y.r6,bMNN 
852336 
14-YM 03034.44 
t"' “  Itl' l•
ly'''' llt
utm.nr(oo 
03:...:3:33. 
r.,  
• ...`"
t
...I
 t . " .
'""t 
011_3.11 
C" ltln'll"
'"  
"n1 l"  
43t„3... 
<0.0.-e 06. 
nte. ame: 
r.0.4 
14-044» 
1303.»Il 
310 
11814» 
8.040.80 
11184.91 
611 
6'111% 
11111-0 
0IMn Marlte rITTT nuTte, maTt 10 00.910, 
Plid•••••• 
1012080.84 
....•••.), 
‘ 0' ..."9 
0.6 6.0 
.066,*. 
$130. 
0.130.3. 
<360.03y 
Ce.ven 
. D'''' 
8•.,11184 
('1103 49. GJ...to. 0350) 
GG. 0.31 0. 
 0,99 
256410 
02367844
• 
%,70+40101 
460» 
404,141
6303 
020445 
2817221 
2491 
252I 
6)433 
011.. Petra! 
iceMarke 
400.43.
6004011  IN 
0..8. 0.1.
, 
03.1. ty 
C..0.0 
liativh 
1666.801 
.08.3.6 
003 ;GJ. 
(003, 06. Gmetott 1801 
124.10 
1699.1% 
5•53 09094 hol Wel 
6,105 
9.999397 
(U4 
11210 
14409 
$ 
1.1.4.010 
2146012 
4411111113 Pol 001 
80301 
1693)1 
11111 
11110 
9•33 
$ 
0.174349 
131.4630 
2104012 
06034 0.10452 
91003 
5400,000 
WR 
Itel» 
9130 
$ 
0017371 
0e 3 
o14093 
3041.831614.131.48641 
9,9.0.3 
814.0.• 
c.,-.0., 
9,...0 
<00..,, 
109.. 
,0s0.9, 
1110,11.4. 
<0,1.-19.. 
,,,,,.... an40 
144.147.» 
4.1.011.3 
13(80 
1310 
1133% 
ensacta 
1220 
»98 
00101 
1201) 
0.814 C. MG 0684e 
403 
030 
0003 
tumb 
3/01 
»33 
$ 
6394$ 
0,8 Ceaty60.4.14.8.1 
S
MO Re1 
10303103 
arme 
Trade DM* 
ei* 
Dm. 
weeefre 
e-s,e-e 
¶306.0. 
6.. 
spe.64.60.) 
:::: (74
,, 
0..0,919 
. 
...3.0t9. 
10t, 00a 
<0...0.t 90. 090329 Itnel 
Im0 
21030 
303 
440 
446618 
420 
10468i 
130042 
41301 
(478,1233 
. 
P. D 
41.143.10 
•11 0'80.,618 
Im0 
11030 
04'0 
411.7144 
) 930 
tnancial 
1110 10 
9.903 
20138311 
. ,„.,,,,, 
Opon Ort nosteent 66.434361.41.43 
S 
9/-009/6101 
084.416.60.. 00.13333. 
1061 94.010.0. 4.00.1.443. 
7L
712efitE21 
EFTA00727030
--- PAGE 2 ---
) 
la.laal 
4h.easb, 
Y
c
 rMa Canseadity note 
Global 
Investment 
Opportunities 
Group 
Account 
Position 
Summary 
W.eparni fro, r/nanclat Trust as GI Aw9ast n. 2010 
AIM) 
193642 
11.14.5 
al/S0 
XFOUID 
en IS 
502 
OISVSD 
CYRUS) 
USDPY 
"NOP 
tale 
SO2g 
IP Maw Prwari• ger 
OW IWILSIIINITR b the rents barring Itometert4aitagge IP. W awing, 
*Ca anfe, atteghtne mega*.As.OngenPS garb. PIA nil IP. Wigan TPA. Ca. 11 ft ow reabingl thT ,Pc 1P. W.. 
tgenetrtan IMMO o• manta 
ow N. Yea >la° talwa3 • wall etha• riastrullanOtgowitiggigne nip eratiadiedieaaiwee Kees.< h 
"Lbw Peet 
ractemaliroironthet intia•torto. 
SOMV•fillta 
lelonn n Wayne** in•egnatr•Tvprinortenen 
a meant !nor raga% hOtrnrsontorna•e4. 
mea/red anyoxaminvag deenenon, mlge. bok mei Installs grynntrOt:naflalvalass gautemne. 
cartamiars es ortnn., tolimeleo tonglitla bar. eon. 
ituArtchunou 
mane,. Opntes al pensionlia•em Mary
alto stten iee.mtnotron toson Oat prleaurwoll col ealuwe WMw 
Talunseht • nit itpneadas nom.° eilthalf /aim ehansaugmetulo &try triandalatuatt II•ent it ban sot MI imittambiataty..4 V,Whird• 00411. Of.w Matrot' 
arinvegia antenna of., lama 
new 'On so yeu ollottiesiewntitmateepen *Wawa 'waren that Olean ma. tong rypt 
....flenhawfiarearidlatoypn,thstiorrtraloaabalnn ew• onus tons beatiang la at Twit ye IS,/ nnortaliatatnn Target 
x•taralonniaaalintb 
bettNn..ron•neiriati ar0 Oen tett .aaud.rna• that tine maw gob Lar• It makvl me 
Igriont anl••• mayor.. nal attowl.o.mon•••••0.,...4•wvaint/wak 
*prse., 
an ml
unaseleicel, ei aeafrial a, (Wane. tre, any enn fun to
 thwylinnect gln.fbi 
ea fl
opoleterMUI•4.4 
P.M WIMP./ M. Mar near. Oa* nnantalwetor hither crieffrarrno 
ampiraalon 
ntiftb•mlot,b 
then,. 
d 
peng• tov.m..4.1•06.4•44 ..hair 
wokgebtatarbinItil Nw.gtwef,, 
or 0.0[Ormlemon 
a MantitadOwar• • grOirtet Vt. mete la. ar.r.i•eareerintairtniarOg 
rtnglistebral ram 
tt real 
(O19101Meravn Ow a c. 
EFTA00727031
--- PAGE 3 ---
GI
cut.' 
.„ .... ...... 
...„..„,.. 
Global 
Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared for Financial Trull a% of August 31. 7010 
Cum* IX • ConanodIty rate 
XAC.4.00 
19.3662 
%AVOW 
1247.13 
COMO 
13345 
U50. 1  
16 
AMU) 
1524.5 
AMMO 
602 
EURUSD 
2675 
USOCIP 
5024 
MOP 
1.0151 
=CAD 
1.0158 
41/0051) 
0591 
USDNOK 
6.3041 
Forward roatracts 
ConDatt spot 
Contract 
(rr. 
oat 
Dade Oro' 
KO oY 
Pour 
N000na 
Sold 
Notional 
11.109 Date 
unwfria ..,, 
o't 
IV 501 
Rate 
Forward Rate 
n... 
314W-10 
400.10 
05W 
10.975.5130000 
P1 
900.0,0.002 
12.1120 
12.1950 
14170010 
11902 
171,122 
314Aral0 
2.06610 
CAD 
10.204000 
AY 
934.320.009 
5.09610 
61.7503 
01.6000 
14-Apf.10 
93.35 
$ 
191.245 
2644N-10 
20-100-10 
WOK 
(0.099.400 
651  
7.000.030 
304.610 
51050 
90142 
64.136.10 
92425 
12544701 
frApt.10 
30Jun.10 
WOK 
63640002 
GOP 
3,000,000 
10,6,610 
9.0070 
9.1270 
6-Mry.10 
92425 
1130.76)) 
ItrApa 10 
200R-10 
RR 
446.500.00) 
050 
10.030.000 
442000 
44.6500 
.6136.10 
46.12 
13147341 
184,o 10 
&Aug-10 
CAD 
030.900 
SPY 
464150000 
CwAu0.10 
923176 
924700 
6-Mry.10 
10.5 
1234653/ 
211.408, 10 
3.10610 
CAD 
1,000.000 
AI 
5.426.519 
3011510 
0.9315 
0.9214 
20.400 
06746 
227.139 
13-1un-10 
17.50p-10 
Off 
11.270.00, 
ND 
10.007.000 
17-Sar10 
1.1302 
1.1270 
17.100-10 
1.11000 
152.941
21.100.10 
2110410 
PR 
457)004000 
USD 
1400000 
21./0110 
49.67 
AS.7 
204,440 
47.20 
1317,797) 
23-1un-10 
2.1u1-10 
CAD 
3,215.000 
ND 
5400.000 
2600.10 
1.043 
1.013 
23101.10 
1.4191 
19,601
25-1n.10 
26.03610 
NOK 
32672600 
USD 
6030,000 
21.6410 
6.6)13 
64945 
234u1.10 
62205 
720.240 
21.1un-10 
2920610 
NOK 
32.000.000 
504 
30.272.000 
29-1010 
1.1964 
196 
2540210 
1.1530 
0453$1 
24a1u610 
244w2.10 
CAD 
6215,000 
USD 
6022.585 
26/.610 
1.03191 
1131111 
25.19.640 
1.0649 
11205391/ 
acted Forward <entraps Gamest 
r..1.1 .tefuoll 
'1.1.14flin ham We a the conte0 o3 Nat No ,1436,440041.3 11,aar430.4.034 KW ,P , OP Oat! $ CO. SICI P %We% kin .....13•04e 11 wrap, 04,, 404.64. ar41.1.1posan bkit<0. NA WO torso 
at f op ;a "New 
Sactansa Plc 01.414• • nornamrof 1/14 New York Doer DANN. me Psi a napeP me appanal pOrpn. PPP n IS Potpdptp merlin HAW SVC P so:Ma% ssiegan arm IC. earopeouranoa poor Peatte4ann el waranao serra3 
9, 003 
PP haPP/9110(09 POOPO lor iMonnOced Drapes oab le, 
In wore< fo io.t room aforawn3o (*ruffled a ON frOKOrled Pi aPPIPPiny 6:4PiPOIPA.P<Ialop botroOrria4 to airtiona 
nattinta6o6t. aawro,u. 
carAtmelPaa tokuleibm co *Opal.. 0 boliavad to 1. 0+020 NA we ea net mem. et ceetpkenaencnoacy. Pao/mono nam.aw aflame ea taw, en 49/ anal:ante ang• sonata rola rot pa/awe. a neonsovat el bare roman. 
PPRIKOPPOPI intOPIP at an off t. Or 161.1eatk. IP Pe DIPast Pia 
My RAPP., IASPPIO'll. The POP PPP, 40505301 leltPlelznd mt.:MPPp 
OOP 1.01t40 Cy am .104410,416 a UV 11‘10•PIPPAPPIOPIbtryiWPIPPUIPPal• 
/PM vette go,00,  05441 zawaenAcnn.neon WO (POP 0,a,rcet INN Oren,. KePorgoo rot n a, a Noe compete old 60. 111,0,11164,N1dIntk1"110•961639990 09 014761100 the 0"PP of AMP" Nqvit4 C.AJZOPti !POP PPS 
Ara areepaef Pea a. brad ‘per, aeon.. natspah as nee Gni:. n.nnerr.p that air p.m o. rralt,4 9 to nolasa. Po abtiminn. a-4 no l•Kuitt. mat nitwit re reconnandal adman arral lorq ar ea 4 4. , A,  PP Poe.. 
obliolbrootarendone$ Or 0... ,,,e, by. Vry b.M.C.P1101. n:e ye :Pee 0."•. 1 bit thOOK 0 ant Owc.nne.10 Ocare 
PI:wawa, yaw II 0969961 Politic 4a'& tweewapp tor IptIer ntpro st on 0. eggnog tat ,anuo.6:a. 
TP4,400040)61$ 'Orli. We int 01 tie pm:. Omani 4 a .7916.1. anhare b. 064620 .rd co,16Ard. ato va. 0,66,44,e, a 4.4140b, by morn oho 10o 6.6677439N is prohltatd.1114,..le<t9109001006111)14 roily the Ana 
papa Sp argl na.a. it Wiest 
74101194orpw, Our a Co. 
EFTA00727032
--- PAGE 4 ---
GIO 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
aa..i,j h.„..,.... i ........,„ .. , 
Prepared for • mancial Trust As of August 41. 7010 
arrant ER • Cannedlry rates 
RA640 
193163
1247.15 
GORISO 
15341 
USOPY 
SLIP 
XPTuS0 
1524.5 
XPOUSD 
502 
EMUS° 
1.2675 
USOCLP 
502.0 
VSDDie 
1.0151 
0000 
10558 
AUOUSO 
0.41 
U501OK 
6.301 
FX 
M 
Trade Date 
fapary Date 
Direallen 
Curnoncy 1 
(wising/ 2 
s 
(bur 
Tarr 
Nahanni 
Onte 
Pe 
Cass out 
°•'"
n-lit
'"I  
°
., 
P re 
al',  / 
Unaind 
e.. 
Premium 
4.stens 645011 
ZDAS 10 
20.Apal I 
B009ht 
MN 
fad 
7.500.000 
WOO 
CUR 
Put 
06-414p10 
.200.75000 
3,210% 
97.540.0) 
(181.5151 
20.444.10 
20.AphIl 
Sold 
RN 
As 
7.500.000 
49000 
CUR 
Ca 
0E2114,40 
200.750.00 
3.210% 
44475010 
(5104191 
Marto 
3610410 
Sold 
NOIC 
Cal 
7.000.000 
9.0400 
GBP 
Put 
0454150 
510.14795 
1,510% 
4170.994.44 
546471 
GIday.10 
04.1un.10 
Sold 
BBL 
Put 
10.040000 
I.(0500 
USO 
Ca 
05414•10 
510200000 
1.020% 
.$373,00040 
(271.0001 
194430 
194•492-10 
Bought 
IIIR 
Call 
10.000.000 
44.5000 
U50 
Put 
19-40.10 
491.0;000 
0.930% 
5000 
193.001 
GIday.10 
1516440 
Bought 
EUR 
Put 
14840000 
1.2800 
USO 
Ca 
alia-p, 
4275,67310 
.2.154% 
559444800 
324.185 
610110 
I 5.1ul. IC 
Sold 
CUR 
Put 
12400.000 
1.2400 
U50 
Col 
OPlun-10 
0.93100 
2016% 
4334.205.60 
090.5761 
5.4442.10 
I 5.1ul. IC 
Sold 
CUR 
fell 
13.200.000 
1.3/00 
U50 
Put 
OPlun-10 
5157.71010 
1.195% 
-524.41404 
131.227 
1324540 
134%401 
Bought 
EUR 
Put 
10.040000 
1,2450 
USO 
ca 
°news, 
.149500040 
.4.950% 
5619.0000 
00.030 
i 34400 
13441341 
Sold 
CUR 
CM 
10.000200 
1.2450 
U50 
Put 
OPlun-10 
5495.00000 
4.950% 
.S442.750.40 
54250 
13246410 
134%401 
Bought 
GBP 
Put 
10.040000 
1.4425 
USO 
Cal 
01.1un.10 
349500040 
21950% 
44101000 
110.0001 
I 3.444r10 
13.40, 11 
Sold 
GOP 
fel 
10.040.400 
1.4425 
U50 
Put 
02/un-10 
5495.00000 
4.950% 
4529.250.00 
134.230 
23.1u:hie 
23.1u610 
Soli 
CAD 
Put 
S.00060:41 
1.0500 
USO 
Cal 
23.144.10 
55450040 
1.050% 
$040 
52500 
Chased FR Options Gain0.044 
I 2 414.545 
N.P.Morgid Note Bee .0w ehoduln)Avnt lor do prod &stag tusbropardustedtst /.P. Mogan Owb fa lad b artd•PletuorldssIde IP IfoN4n Owe 164.NA .0.0.P.MorgosTeuxfo. 8.4. AN Ambers ot iht FOC i P ..4<ew 
Sesniatirs SPAS re • menberel the New Tort Sect tsclunge tee othouvasarui aral reponse oxharqta PIM li the beetwelaabr, metroSSIO, SVC in asides. 141Panpa Chas a Ovens estate tens ether Islardslat or itworrwr4 Sadly 
40041. 
The toneanottenp P0,105 In Pftsottoral outposts ade dulls w moon* Mon Noma Idoensulan couraned in this Min* &Wag a:rune...a/Up 40.iditM4COAIn041,0 OA fIt6 lieUltd tO Iny MONA Auto olp•Iora. Agawam 
Carannallas skJabes et an/sae. es Sifted bb slay AA %edema wrersou as conforwmas sr warm". Opts* rand siman cos,. ow N.:1;mM isles KS.. lo Owns wawa seer PM prelerrnarte n nal mckalive NIS. swab. 
TA to444.1 it not indsded as d• the diddle/6e to do pudsme °sole of du 10racIahmovenont Do tealdr *Men dult• Ude *MUNI ahlaudorto nay hot/ 4 4001X0 Of 40 aundlevonsan n we 4n4NNIPannuens Oh% IssoNsorsed hue 
Nose red to perreorndilfdtdrPSVCDSMSSA VSDPAS er•SMS. MS deltecui er <es rod% rot to Poi** dasnestee did TAIgetts UN word parslohs Peas sdr. vapors to otaire4 tor de PapSat or north° radar° (00.11)0341 Tzeget onto 
as antspeled silt see bard 6pm...ea ormimsliiM this antes an6r4MM UM: IMM prim at polglt unborn:tied. The oblgaiss aed the scant...St *Pond, cersormsedect peledno MIMI /WM in MI (MOM and an net etirsts• 
N. or !SOSO te la!~ 
Vn one bet or moll. ncr &ether Waved Pe Pe 10K cr an, ie.trowstoublereg 
alt se wird sup i 4 hurt , >awe 4.4, alts'estetse for Nether ProenAhas r. ',guano ars IIMIMMA 
Ties PronuAnu a Id Oa Arta 0 the pow to +rad t a NOrtsrolardnus et pules:of ard onlarn141 My tat ctsv•Aius. or OuolubOds by doomed/Id thed do eddreste a proaitited It du stoat tail A toot. plod n0.16 thews* 
addend,/ ended.n a trr mai. 
(4,2010 "New thaw • GA 
EFTA00727033
--- PAGE 5 ---
GIO 
0.1..5 b,..-.....„, . 
..... a.,.. 
Currant FX • Commodity rates 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared foe ;loam .4.1 Dust as of August 16 205o 
XACIAD 
193662 
)(4111.131) 
1217.15 
GPM 
1.5368 
USOIPY 
Nil 
X.1160 
15245 
%MUSD 
SO2 
IURUSD 
51675 
USCCU. 
SOLO 
USDO0 
10155 
USDCAD 
I .06 SS 
AtIDUSO 
HS 
USOIIOK 
6.3041 
Consoled 
. • lens 
Trade Date 
Expiry Date 
Dirtmen 
296.0610 
02.66610 
%Own) 
166.610 
Sold 
Chabe Out 
0.k:timid 
Orktinal 
Cwt.., 
Gain% est tU501 
Ceersmackty 
Type 
Notbanalied 
Strdce 
Current, 
TYPe 
Date 
Prenum 
Premium IS) 
...In.'''. 
100 
M 
10000 
525 
1155. 
Coll 
07.146.10 
S114000.00 
511.00 
-539.60 
S 
1254.0101 
NMI 
Ni 
5000 
ISIS 
USD 
Call 
1746.610 
MOWS, 
WAD 
SILO 
$ 
65.500 
Cit." 
COmeneet), Option GaiVLOSS 
S 
WI 000 
P. Decoy, PAN tar IS lireeiWtraidalneke the Owe poked OAAtss(Oncloae4 0, Sr lio.sus pus s <0. 4.4 au myssmisoscesss,sse. sp. /maps cfssis DiMl N4 own. 163.6641.66 Co ... A. VtIntint0100.e SOK IP Mooer. 
%awes% Inc WWI is • realm el IS Nem Vest Stack Dessrq• sof oduersounsi rata*'. 
nraNT. MASI ago leeket.deslet. member NAM. SIC h addliteik fftAcernthia• A G. mai epsteis von. coin Inaketeleslen et n .••,1, 4 ell *Yowl,
OnlISOI. 
MS kaSISIN • sea press ....Nonaussa INNStS• eh ardor ea totioree te OW ...Sims,. :Mir fiat as WSW.. n On image an SIN senpartps• dassarIMI.I. ncktda9 b.,' net India,  to an  ....rd.. n**,•"" ..,.....11....n 'S 
IS•srInIa,t OM ukulaterser esW, 1111. 4O04•••4 SOW reiltle. Inn v.< Cow motet .ts wrolnows. o. Wtoaes 00:as 4,4 estionfte$ *MAUI! tra bilyft.< *ad are %Wed to Nor &Pao Nue. 16.11:500.1.5616 is 501 6600st 0.6/5..nestits 
Tan eratarn not onoreas 4.4,0/wet Patlotsiten ler de Wee, el label any ftromet tratiumen Do braatt-deder. a-alln inn, elate*. and eapbtee• met hdd a power or act r menet wets. wino 'nano.. ...ware °Ism nsun diciaaah 
•Nse .6.1. !ow.,  0656 nesoonsooNigros la*orsoi gorse No OINts55 DN. 66.10 AD be Dalutle ...Ore +of ..0)tsSillal$056). ODNID1 kw. OthefINN tot OINADIF01.1.6 NMI< 01•4110) IUDIDO °NON% 14;n1 OM 
no albStat.‘16.(thr. bond spine)... MOMS% ind then unto re am...m0w Inns inn cs 6 MD ton be muse Ts•abispnon MO Ds muffin seta /Nowt en IIISOIWsPOOst irdi.drq rnaal fuss. noes elsowis era semi 
ottisa5o... °too toNsts.5. 9.6.6.650 N. My Nil or 061s no. me !NY nOt. Ds 11.5 FOC 0. fie t)WArft'44, 4004. 
Re.,e<c, "Ja ,C,  Or .561..665.410/M6 mOsestroothe tot kfleialefaill5o, arrelpMdel illftlar6/0k3a 
16......usuta is la u. so* we of 0, e Dyson 6.616.6 la ofbessett DM nay to orlaNtO5561 tooNeslat Ar6 .4606166•00104 0446 ten by *awe othe in.w. the ackNeske isprobbStO n youDune IN Dora. 61tast NOD,' soar 
....war, and Mum et ey not 
K/ 3010 margin Char SOL 
EFTA00727034
--- PAGE 6 ---
GI
„,.." i„,..,„...., , .„,..„„._ 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared for Finns..) Trust as of August 31. 2010 
Correa AC • Cornasodety non 
ICAGUSD 
340 
MUM 
120.15 
03PUSD 
1.530 
USCOPY 
10.18 
XVIUSO 
162AS 
%MUSD 
502 
(DRUZ 
1160 
043K-LP 
502.5 
110041 
0151 
USOCAD 
(693 
AUDUSO 
0491 
OSp10K 
6.9101 
Irate 
Trade Dm* 
Ticker 
Con psny 
Share.. 
Strike 
Curre•Wy 
Div:40W 
Close Out 
04141 
Date 
Industry 
Entry Prue 
Unwind Net 
Gant... 2450)
Poop 
Apr.10 
ill< [WI" 
iteloy }eviler. lt<1.0a5S A 
5.000 
050 
11.79% 
4, 4".10 
1/100441 
$12.25 
512.09 
IWO 
2-40.10 
0448 Eq./1 
Mob ProDany Cow 
4603 
USD 
4.71% 
7440.10 
financial 
527.50 
527.73 
1,513 
1340(40 
DM 241111 
EnttriVISt Podacts Print." 
2300 
6.22% 
3.0010 
Energy 
$35.55 
$35.56 
2244010 
MIL 1600 
PAW 110401. Cow 
14000 
USD 
0.20% 
44010 
T•Otnoingy 
$14.50 
$12.48 
13 14 
114040 
OG C04014 
0900 Genef/ 0490 
1002 
USD 
0.07% 
S-4010 
Consume/.4M< 
$27.00 
22721 
617 
15.4010 
RAC Equity 
404/ Pally Cap 
ZSCO 
USD 
4.48% 
544010 
flonsial 
$34.50 
$34.46 
1.156 
214040 
MPG 040/ 
My/ Piserown1 Cop 
4.007 
USD 
0.00% 
S00/.10 
liasnciel 
$10.75 
211121 
1.500 
1540(.10 
I.IW/ Equity 
1415001Ponsol0sTrs4110 
1400 
4.14% 
5.4.0.10 
maned 
$9.75 
299416 
1.978 
26440.10 
419V Equily 
APolIsInteummt Cop 
1400 
USD 
1173% 
26.0010 
&initial 
S12,0 
$12.27 
OAST 
Jr./4”.10 
KIN Equity 
KrOef 0.00004/9110110 
400 
6.0% 
044,010 
Energy 
20.21 
$55.59 
(2240) 
0.14010 
WI EquAy 
itamco.G•nharon hopot.06 
4520 
USD 
6.26% 
2440.10 
!initial 
$11.50 
$11.65 
925 
294060 
KW Equity 
0.4044 Cny Sorthan 
200 
0.00% 
29.0010 
1444.4bill 
219.00 
$40.01 
2.012 
0.1.16/ .10 
TKW C gully 
3006.044 
ZOO) 
USD 
0.20% 
24.0010 
Cann60444104 
$600 
P 34 
4.012 
294060 
POD C1140 
hal Natural GoOtorage Lp 
3300 
USD 
3.53% 
2940/.10 
Energy 
$21.50 
$23.25 
6.119 
29.44010 
SIN Iguny 
Spleen finanCid Co) 
150.000 
USD 
1.91% 
24.0010 
fitunial 
$2.75 
$3.01 
26,000 
144.00.10 
DIY 1.4014 
Deity Really Cop 
14000 
USD 
7.73% 
200.1”.10 !initial 
$22.50 
$21.0 
0207/ 
1,.?..pr.10 
MAC UM" 
IstweichCollhe 
22.00 
USD 
420% 
21.444.10 
llnInClal 
541.00 
219.92 
223.1001 
15.0010 
MAC US 092200 C40 Equity MaeriCh CO/The 
.220 
USD 
Call 
21.1.1”.10 
Energy 
$100 
$0 00
44.000 
14.1.16/ 40 
NS Equity 
Nustv Er0K0 10 
4250 
050 
7.47% 
3..run.i0 
Energy 
25150 
256.77 
19901 
310410 
Equity 
MI Global Holden, Ltd 
14000 
USD 
0.20% 
340410 
financial 
$7.10 
$7.42 
3,274 
44040 
NUS WAD 
Nu St 0 Enten/tHes Inc • A 
2000 
USD 
1.95% 
4.0410 
COrdOrntr.g/dil 
$21.00 
$27.02 
100 
944040 
Of Equity 
On0upoinl fnasy Inc 
8.050 
USD 
5.27% 
9.10.10 
UtilliTS 
512.93 
$13.52 
5,535 
I410410 
PI. Cewty 
10101.4104 Lose. Coto 
14100 
USD 
0.53% 
16.2000 
Conlunst4C9011 
261.00
$WIG 
0.4921 
0.10.10 
(CM Equity 
hicor Lodging Two ins 
10,00 
USD 
0.20% 
17.000 
financial 
$550 
PO 
1.100 
940.10 
MUSAfgitY 
Metal% UY ...defogs Corp 
ZOO) 
USD 
0.20% 
184.0.10 
Basic Mannak 
$21.50 
MAI 
(11AAS) 
I $.40,10 
1.10111tWilr 
MMnorym< 
200 
USD 
0.00% 
10.20.10 
Communlaticre 
510.60 
Pa 
1001 
151u0.10 
GNP EtniTY 
General Maritime Corp 
4550 
USD 
7.16% 
184.0.10 
0.4.404 
075 
$491 
720 
230410 
PPI. 000 
WI CaPO000 
2500 
USD 
0.00% 
13.20.10 
1/11101 
524.60 
$24.0 
3.645 
1410410 
MMP Equity 
14490an Metweam Papaws 
ZSCO 
USD 
0.20% 
144.4.0 
Eulogy 
$46.65 
$47.31 
1,850 
1610110 
OOP EGAD/ 
Olt reavviosin h.< 
2500 
050 
0.00% 
164010 
1400000 
510.60 
212.52 
6293 
1640010 
RIO Equity 
&WO Inc 
4520 
USD 
0.20% 
1644.0 
'ethnology 
$16.50 
$19.32 
11,629 
12.10110 
0007 Equoty 
Green 00 0:/p4100 A 
IOW 
050 
0.00% 
1244-10 
Consurne..Noon 
$79.00 
$43.10 
0.515 
11.10.10 
APAC40142 
40000 Cap 
100 
050 
0.00% 
ZDAA-10 
Energy 
220.00 
259.52 
12.972 
1440110 
BIAD Equity 
talairefali( Thoapsulistli0 
7520 
USD 
0.20% 
22.6.4.0 
Craufner. NW.. 
$650 
$te, 
1001 
29.1.0.10 
Mo. Faulty 
104.000 Inc 
IOW 
USD 
0.00% 
19.4440 
UP 6400412 
514.00 
$12.73 
0.001 
29.4010 
MCP Equity 
16000 w 
5,00) 
USD 
0.20% 
21a440 
800 lAwnah 
514.20 
$12.10 
0.0001 
t4.1.10/.10 
ICE taut, 
WOAD( 1/00s & Roans' 
20,400 
USD 
0.00% 
304.4-10 
Orono& 
$4.40 
246012 
4-409.10 
xEL &tug 
Wel leaanyylsc 
2400 
USD 
0.20% 
4409.10 
litittIn 
$21.50 
S21.610 
2362 
5.46940 
AMPO Equity 
AmOost 2000001444OngA. 
MOW 
USD 
0.00% 
5040.10 
Coroume41009 
$10.03 
299100 
(WO) 
0.409.10 
MOM Equity 
Mslina1•4040* Inc 
ZSCO 
USD 
000% 
11..044.10 
Craualer.710M1, 
527.20 
127.1792 
44$ 
0.409.10 
MCOAD Equity 
foldiandad Teeto140. lac 
ZSCO 
USD 
000% 
11..044.10 
Conmunicakw 
$11.50 
007559 
0.200/ 
0.409.10 
ASS Equity 
Grupo AooportufeloS040 
2300 
050 
0.00% 
12403.10 
1/46.0121 
244.10 
PA 5720 
($70) 
0.40440 
COT 16404 
Coo Oxpermion 
ZSCO 
USD 
0.20% 
12.0440 
COrainder.710M1. 
5160 
$59641 
910 
0.409.10 
DINH C10 014 
00026.40 Croup) 
1000 
050 
0.00% 
1344K/10 
COrdt.Int.r.I100.. 
$7.75 
279310 
362 
0.40940 
AUG Eep4(4 
Aida kal °input Centlaunilie. 
ZOCO 
USD 
0.20% 
I7.403610 
Titania 
527.50 
527.6000 
1200 
15.A.,.10 
010 EGAD 
Pton.00011nregretn1 CO/P 
4000 
050 
0.00% 
15.Aug.10 
flnInClal 
$10.15 
P00900 
12401 
Equity 0.0000 4.040.441. 
35,232 
Trade Date 
Als 
Ert" "4.. 
Direction 
!040(0979sny 
linden's., 
Contralti. 
Shake 
Currency 
'VP. 
Entry Price 
Cur, wit PP ke Wit toss 0150) 
22. 
21403.10 
540 
epPk.Spom AN 
100) 
USD 
411 
$314 
1321,6201 
22/000 
1400610 
44001 
go PloSporo WO 
1.007 
050 
CO 
$4.51 
5459 
$ 
2352S0 
CloswitoOty 09104s Galnittnii 
10.120) 
TOW equity GaintleSS 
$ 
2.343
1P mownPaw WO' X Ore .000.0.1.01.10 Ire 41424 Wk.., Oventle 0:0OXIt4 0,11. WOrOln 0..164 6 CO. 00 its 0000100.00000e. Jr Mogan Owe OWL NA. 001P 4.000o Ow Co. N A ireenbAstel0e ON PDK 1P 1/000, 
sauwn Inc. MALI is • nab.. el Ow Non Vert Stack Dorrq• as etlier naber.414mInGen4 escirrge. MU • die tecial.dosla. monis IWO. UV. 19 addition ff Mew Ow. 4 Co. ms7aperone venue ether teaker.deolon et irteseleuen admen. 
(not** 
me Folconieg 4 beim goo.dt4 be WomsrSonal woks on, WOO, I. re40.4eN,010 tolist InIconrno. comaietlii Ms atria.* and Sly itC0n0.1504)000•Intetelbro. Fading b..1•01Snat.4 tO ley 14M0,./nYltVAUlt11,0.ilaWntets. 
senfornarran tekulatau. al Minn.. • Wend re lo• Snide. bull we de eel w went ds serrplehreas 
al 
0.094.4 sad seessepst tedon9004out nose. Ant 00000, n ret rchalw 6160000‘14 
11,40nittiSil IP Mt inteKit0 II IA Ott 011010.4140 tor 0.1punnse or oleolenyt.ronctil 0.sivuntr< The Wirt/ OnlItti Yee, their ilfililtS WI OSIllOsnteonY/nol4 a pol0oe Prim Ps 'svelte< mho ia TN Prien0elintinontnts of any fail 'Juin. ber 
1460 00 tow./ 02.0.140000100006140160 own 900/40 0.4 ()Motes oncts 000004 0 00042 044106 00 smoutIsslwer0.)abnit.On00.5. arra. be OWING tot IPRPVG014.0144110)(Glolf440104414(0( 1.1.11ei PION 
and anoopahel...040 an heed upan nude. mental and then unborn evoara-cet lilt line paw myth., can to tealised The eidaveuara and die mutant sett thin; en manmade; redid., nutual hods an not Speen as an at 
074000.4 01. 014r.00104 Ol 9+x41!0 by. Ins teil 0440 riof M t 0, CY nat. b OW FOC 04 MY 0**wa*Mnigt04. 
Meat '....4H110W l P. 1.011,1P0Mt 01.a1 reOnStreart Kt %MA/ ',knock. or gewedmirrytlintl<03. 
DiOn10.00400:4 the sok we 0 De meson 4000022 0000 AM toy le 0400 00000001. Any use. 000400 a 00000 by 400ve 0110 IN. Mt 403045I<*ifloolobbed Wow West MD 0 easy. Wm wily Pe wOte 
o0664460 and Mum ay nal 
(01010 leldefgari DS ICa 
EFTA00727035
--- PAGE 7 ---
GIO
,,,..6., i„..,„..„, 4 
..... 
,..,„. 
INTIM FM • Corardedity ran 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Pm parell M. I worn< pal !nail ss of August 31. 2010 
gerGLISD 
193642 
)(0111/50 
1247.15 
GPM 
ISM 
USONY 
(All 
MUSD 
153•S 
%MUSD 
S02 
IURLISL1 
/167S 
USCG. 
502.5 
31$13C141 
10151 
050CAO 
1A6S5 
AUDV50 
C0391 
1/54.101( 
6.3041 
As 
Notional 
Currency 
Oodription 
Fixed Rate 
ad out 
Trade Dide 
Mhtudty 
Effecti 
Mw 
(.12444 WSW 
Da 
DM. 
254M110 
IStard 1 
150t( 4 0 
soomoacao 
U5D 
MA 
0115% 
15•0d10 
S 
111.020 
Sapul0 
1S.Mat.11 
15.0oolf) 
500,00•0•3 
1/S• 
ERA 
4876% 
16.00•10 
S 
Itt3M0 
(lased NM deheleasa 
a 
»0000 
'OP radian Ira" 
lard.  if ite enYtti410 nine No the Ohne bilicd0 bytd103 doodled bit[ itogon Chad 4co.out Kt ,,tskairrai.pap.de 1! **ph 
pose Oink R& 0 ,41P Mind/ Vag CO. NA id frenOtO ti tie FOK. IP muotn 
fatten. Inc (MOW ti• realm el the New Vest stack Ca terry en, errs premed red tepee& mama 
This mid trolataskt. nett. 
/MD. 924. • .Mann ttittoword•••• 4 Co mflopium vane. Odin btalaIlleilta al nitrmitnilaMla7 
aNi1J1,t, 
nil /a Iparry A b. ra grovend la rabrinatenslpinalinOth rd. 
nmiowt.,Cut 
nriuni. InIcenao, torrlars. a *hi non•q• Ord 4neuconpawng communion'', roast, tut nations to an, mond% undo, vitUatnek tuntnerna 
tswolf.1. 4004.44W tot reUtatbui nt 03 nu awed its derOktedra a added. Opednr and eberofts COnstiWit pamsren 
end We MA ed re Ova% erddra areTe Trat takT•Tdd. a TM 110410.e 01,4,deN140
Mame..., ant* ireAroata a a" ollw or sinner, for th• papa 
co utol any furand traumas no /muttons., •-our end, allilantt and mood. meg Mid a woes-dual • dead stet in the Imam, marummitel any mud lemur II 
P.' 
m4 . ,050.,  °mod ye', oitaNdireilMa NC Orn01 gadder< OMR dirrertM OM vradd Me be a taletre Oradea Ml svaireas ladled/41 01orabrd atarldter KarteatattinedrOtintihnOs4.0.4110) ditrldOditalOtnt 1./.90 P1011 
red retroderd add. ea bond Ann mead. mailing% and ifwe an bib ro avudnai that thno pdn a• ?dd. Can be netted lea admen red dr• adman rad ether& er tracernenaarredurrq roma MA re nor &ma ird ad ad 
otiijate, of. of enkvssl ce g .ccul.cd try. dry bad or Trdit red ire ghtY 'WC. 4' Mt FOC 0. ant :••••••00•44,690,4. 
Ned. (cr'..a)° ,  IP ,,,n.^...
,...A.W.titeran 
kW tostrodtawso+or eels .en, int t r ValabIl 
Thh ,,,,,,^A.
,  4 1:,  the 10*We COO, . t0106i0VAN:01•1 italtrdol 
In0 Nat le futdcgecktrul lt410.1td50. Arroderdinnard0‘ Or bpi Oran by Mee Orrrer Ode De UMW* a geOnbadd 0 viu Mire Ina re OTC dee...dirt dew*
,
mfirria tetr a-4'0.m', try "." 
NI 1010 ItMando Clare a Co 
EFTA00727036
--- PAGE 8 ---
GIO 
ia..i“ 
ht... u...... i 
.,..„
4,..... 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared for rinanmel Inns At of August 31. 20 to 
Current FX • Commodity rotes 
XAGUSD 
193642 
MOUSE. 
1217.15 
GBP1150 
1.53•5 
USOIPY 
54.16 
X11560 
15245 
MUSD 
502 
IURUSD 
1.2675 
MCP 
502.4 
u51700 
10151 
US CAD 
I 
AUDV50 
4591 
1/543101( 
63041 
Prefermds 
Trade Date 
Maturity 
SAP Reno, 
Company 
Par Value 
chains 
Industry 
Cmave•Wy 
Coupon 
C kns. Out 
I 'alai a., 
Om, 
....re 
(why t evil 
Unwind t evil 
C,..nr1 
014.0) 
X44110 
024 4.4010 
960. 
fpm OV$P C.573 
14.624 
iimotuf 
V5D 
170% 
2944-10 
57.12333 
2500 
246500 
$ 
1235 
X447710 
024.4.3240 
Mgr 
1pm Gay Cana. 
120.500 
fininthil 
560 
6.7011 
644.310 
55142006 
2547 
246526 
9.158 
254/er-10 
0240, 4040 
Mr 
/pm Odle GM 
151.900 
Wunder 
1.60 
470% 
2-Aug-10 
564314.92 
2500 
246664 
$ 
13.945 
24144.10 
0.24.4o2C40 
Mgr 
*mein. 
CapiL 
110,776 
linanlial 
U50 
6.7011 
34•4410 
54440185 
2547 
246701 
10356 
Closed Preened. Galnit"S 
"P. If own 1,•••• lint •  • the werteeno numb me pewee sariono memo condoled Milt storms arm s maim romousanneromerdo LP meremaime ea NA NSW. Wigan outcome. me menso or Pe rose. IP. Limps 
StardeMot. 0 11411ir • moved otiMfroirMel SNA frxioom arddlitiremicrulorottoomi moonlit+. 86514 the fr(400.0tOtt."000 "30.9K. 
010111176 /PPAcolo, 0‘se a CO may operanonaufantre 0.0.0.0eller60,0•COn"1"Wy 
febt" 
ma folotom 4 In en pronftd for recomainnal ponita• Delp indor .• tailor" terao tenon.. Inlanatice. corogi-.4 n Int myna.. ard any succip•frong eaurneLthm n<tatIng tut net slum to sniteumni..astrAmAanuni."Iononla 
tontroacorer Glkubt.rei 0. Win)" 
6004..0 t4 0.06101e. OW v.<00,101."." its (maw" 
o. kuoaes 0906:ns +Meth' Wes COMO, Lite C.k. Mimed Md MO tetYpd to duolt MPO4 KM!. Pettosiorodite if rot Odor)... of Nord reider 
Ilin emend • nonnwnad at ••• elfw et uslasina ler th• outer, or label sny (wan& raumen Thrlattlanatotra nib, il" 
alfilewi •ng *nap.. 
my/Odd • pest*, o..1 .mete, web.. mule Inneshaniuma" °limy mun "mud 
h 
Pout ido to torrotrOS OartmotitOMMIMXM WC Prom meerwite Na 00 Mem pricetvexhInt9 be areNtre f WPM, . sad 1.116, that W.f. , 01"i"
16.10tliti 10/(at be Wide" tonneI/WM*0f "UN 
•10•41t4 CONIV1Cnt Mimi pion 
and entsapitma Yd!/. 
band YPVI mow. main% and "ft 
an to re disarm Out Ihno mune, ye" an to M.M. 
To "gator. 
end the IIKINItta mkt Oh.; or tiecionroded.rndudy, TANS i.e.* "net dope" and an ral 
006)e 0, of. Orte."(0 C. 9..n/M1 A. an, Wet Or ;MR MI we pty Mort. ty int COCO We IMMP40411.9t0 3. 
14Pro . 1' 63 504  / P. •Mitta 4  imr 801140ostrmild IC,  h 
e int"I.6" 
Or et.Vd00 07 U.Q4CON. 
Pm Picroudo I ler Pe la vie Or Pe COIN Moho",  +I is Mdetltd. OM may le 0046)61 rod Peri/MOO. Any use. dimitm5o4 ot 4316~ 
try Jettoti011er IN. tht103.6" II pront.ted II," Merl IMF. MO,. pilot rolity Ot ,o4ti 
144•M .+/ PMmm. 4 Ot •51
ZOICOMOI0A 00* a CO 
EFTA00727037
--- PAGE 9 ---
GIO 
u.64 
ht.. ....ern  i 
..„.„,.... 
Current FX • Commodity ales 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepared for f loan< oil !nos As of diagiis1 31.2010 
1(1141.750 
193642 
X/4111.131) 
1217.15 
GPM 
1.5345 
4/50/PY 
OLIO 
)1050 
15245 
XPOWD 
S02 
IURUSL, 
11675 
IISWG0 
502.5 
USIX111 
20151 
USOCAO 
0655 
AUDV50 
0891 
1/501101( 
43041 
Peed Incoeine 
n „.ii 4,40
r•<,Am<„rnt 
ovation 
Curraidy 
Coupon 
".. 
°" 
retry heed 
Current Rid 
Gang pd. 10501 
Trade Dale 
Matudity 
5.11, Panda 
111. 1 
Ca4I 
oat, 
12.bn10 
15430.18 
8• 
0511411105 51011 41500.000 
1.0)0.0.5 
557 
05151 
75014 
10/471'10 
104000 
10135 
$ 
25.012 
Gored ford Income Kierbass 
25.012 
It Pawn Prals• Saar a Pa madam, ma* Stine poste bpkog lawn awidAted Or 111. Pawn Casa 1 CA. ad its utioaanesworlesde. .1P.MargasOpia Oant NA. ard II Morgan Tom Ca.NA are montane( the 10K 1P. Pawn 
koredslr5 01/12114. amber Of IPS NtaY0,1 5110, fonfoKardadidatidaNIPalet0010 !WISH, 01.151 4 0te WM( deaki.meribt 111150.9K. 111410244. Mskrip, Chme A CO (My Operate oYlOrsaititr 0•0441 Of dt110141•0011101441.1101, 
•Aain 
To letemwq a beg pro.fid hr onfoomtcad pinewood" ra 1/4., ....icon. bran mord. IrclemabanonalnKI in on maws srd spry sanpArtArqd....M.I.A. 
naidA9 WI A., Inds ,  SA . 1/ “......
,, AS.Albeek 100.^.^K 
coefrnawn cakor..,,, or cr,: (Nick A004.44 tO tot itiWC•e.01/1.*00,1010W4M•b(0e10100•49t Of aawary Opsiom IN tiVonftil COMOWletraintrWt MO lttivOINI tO 4,Opt • tbut nOt 0 
P4t1PVItlisa<0 is nOt 11000.1 OIN000 MAIO 
Tan memo, a min orAred At Art affw or Micah. 
for Its punlyne or la* ol Any (menial rabuirenS Thelmoterdnion Arelsir thew affilent, an! egnsbros ow hold• post. or An As await en*. i., the l moos, ...Marti 
ohiny las [Stelae] h 
Py.. miiii to .m0 von mot .2.0nortOtortInnabon W. carnal quinine.. Mt dOhnnS pnce. xaJO nos be cpsAders •Inss.sre 6..0 um:, rot thti sate IsSartoni, from *1St baux.• In *blared foo thepulato el tutwq ncrymelcalo.istoon Intl 
Pun 
end &M0NT., yeids we tow, glomreseach A.410, lis end OW< (AA be m asenn<estrui oat ', or. , Mtkts oats ,e4stee De o4
 Ors zn4 the %Ora: el Kick COWN.0, MCOIACNIN...10u1, 0motval ligl 
ltt nOt 04914 b 4.4 we #01 
Wgnov O. of devecemd a puosentraWsnstont es nit 
tones Owe ...awl es IS rot . eat 9..nnt•ulaw.r. 
/Paw <wean oar 11 Popp. non GSM telY•iff /1111,00 In fuser inlinnatio, of mow deo oar trarexpen 
Ten maenad., a fat Or oar iar of O. wenn toxemia a eedieard. ono mar to proloidd sod confidarasl. Any in. dainty-inn, of 4.Otutne by area. eV.. Or IS ialltni.• II oath...di/you nat. th• e HMI. Agra. rot" , PA red. 
onneNttit 4, 4 ettLen I to... 
1010 ISIA)tganOose A <0 
EFTA00727038
--- PAGE 10 ---
GI
/Ad.' g.......,„.... 0 .....„,... 
FM l&C•fren041.0.11104 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Pregured for I- tnanc..41 Trust ors 01 August II. 2010 
XAGUS0 
191642 
)44IAISD 
1247.IT 
°MSC 
1.5348 
utOlgt 
5418 
lOPTUSO 
IS21.S. 
XPOUSD 
WI 
RIPIUID 
1.262t 
ut.01.22 
502,6 
U1001, 
10151 
USOCAO 
EOM 
MIDIS 
0123 
itt0tIOK 
63041 
—c. 
Otigirwil 
Origin.' 
Omani 
trap. DI. 
ttpsy 
c.....ct.on 
stotion.i 
cs.m.nty 
cstxt.ption 
rate outs 
TYPt 
Closet Out 
°wanton 101.0) 
or.... 
roo..... IN.) 
proms.. 
M.10 
Ell.lnor 10 
Sol
510.002.(02
OO.00) 
USD 
Mioson 
4310% 
°,50." 
510.00 
0(0% 
.1892.0)0 
00.
24.IA.g•I0 
19)2.0)0) 
30.44.10 
2g4Att 10 
SOW 
510.0)220) 
USD 
SwiditIon 
4250% 
Attettet 
5113.030 
1.13% 
.1380.0)0 
2014010 
1261.(03 
30.Apr.10 
28464p10 
Sought 
510.022.402 
USD 
Intspbon 
IMO% 
/qv. 
41KM 
Ifiallio,I0 
1155.0202 
Ilapr10 
l‘han.I0 
Sold 
SIO.COO.COO 
USD 
Intspbon 
4330% 
Omni. 
512W 
1.13% 
.1521.500 
li.lun.I0 
13450% 
II 40c I 0 
akunie 
SOB 
510.(0).(0) 
UM> 
Sotlet/On 
gaso% 
4t5ghtt 
$136.020 
1,36% 
.51.140.503 
30-.1on.10 
11.(04500) 
14%0.10 
102210 
sob 
510.0)2(03 
UM> 
Sotlet/On 
gaso% 
lkdeht, 
5561.500 
162% 
142040 
561.500 
24-1.4..10 
)54...510 
Sold 
510.402.402 
USD 
Saoplion 
4330% 
Room. 
HOW* 
OM% 
264440 
934[00 
dr.-M.00 
IlIano. le 
Sold 
510.t(0.t02 
USD 
5.4PItoo 
430% 
Row., 
sus,m 
&es% 
so 
134%4240 
545.200 
)02u0.10 
3142440 
SOW 
510.(02.003 
USD 
SwtglIOn 
4350% 
Rtttggel 
51.101503 
11.0)50% 
.52.205.020 
2444040 
11.101.5020 
Closed Swagged', 0.siniLon 
S 
....:Z1 
'LPL Wagon Mole IVA' ii Ile nut ttirpsirre lor iht "Mgt Ontog 0..s qt. osolialtd bell. V.:dyin Posed CO. and Os sok:6Mo voldlloodo 1P MOM* *ONO.* M AL SHIP We.. trod CO . Olo. ore (motel of Ile f DK. ll. vdocon 
eddies ort foliA914 a encoring al the Pecooloo, Sack (odwoo 4.4 °To ooto.ol ad Roca., [v.:14nm IMO is the loOlordoolordneobt. lot% 9PC lo nada, OPPAorOinthalt• CO. end Opooltsg‘OrscthglItolittikggsginsegnott 
- *trvottnig. 
• ildb. ra flys tt. rg pt /Mad tanntettrotatsi propos cog mite in mpg. to vo &nig tt.4 witentigantottattal in ohs smug, *adv., tocctristrot a 4x.........5.gotn aggiga net inns wag nat g(.n..‘.......4.,..“,.......tgaggt, 
ago/wig, tstimhtest et totnast. a &Mat 0t. glib* IAA ...d..m.......interpirsehea es awsty. gond.' sod atm../ endnvo oa ..Woo", ofd ado olol,  lo IMMO 011thodn.olo 2•14 Attiowttito it tot tidtsuto SAS. 
is Ts signals nµ waged. an OW g sokAatila kr peikorlyiecnilt of sof 4 og.galatir•sgetl. Mt Volt! dean amkof the., "Ira 
and ta 0o9ota .... Add a positio OW in nwit1.0 et n of instoti art.uve•I> Nonni.* 
nes Mg to Nay &NW drans.inettosnittsben Wo wad guru.* gist Aga. Vitt. mead not tO nage, .Milo SS tagq•la IN 1 %HMO • alaallen• ten *the Iowa% bk ablIgnid b. IS pops, et inane reciranduloalditbat twig 
...I otticlost...1rtilsot tag vp.g.g.text.gatetsVi.gdgoeunOt no tit? itosthA ogle pigsty *Mont* !wing It* 0)114%0%2,4 thettattts WO. eltegtt 0. tecOnetragtingtOrgrots•eal tot ate n:. I *poi» ed Mtn 
two:mai, conscood oflaannoodboino Wok a atilt rot we My 
bra. lac any genonnoutod000r 
(OUR rod 1 P. Morgon Pint Oath .Plecolloot b. hat ,  tittanititit outtonni aft VoosoOdol 
Woos:omit la IM gob.* oleo* oone. to =rano 4•01tgard. W owtto patiegod sad tenktgosg Amu& doottiom or ackstnr. boicipan Gine*. the Aletwao4 Keine If oonocondloun vox If... tconono ...dor 
/redo() Old !Son li by rola 
tOI0 Illfarpiettot 0 CO 
EFTA00727039
--- PAGE 11 ---
GI
cs..i..i g.......,.„.. • ..... ...,........ 
EX 11O1ereViOdlly tabs 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
PrepArtA for Nnanoel Trust et of August II. 2010 
XAGUSI) 
191642 
MAWS, 
1247.15 
COMO 
ISM 
USDIPY 
NIS 
I
1USD 
ISALS 
1077.-KO 
002 
WWII) 
LAM 
USDOP 
SOLI 
U1DOIF 
!GM 
V42.CAD 
11388 
AUOUSD 
Olt* 
US131008 
63241 
oaf Rohn S 
TAW* 0.4* 
..."tn.
...aura' 
Undone/wig 
longlAorl 
Guess 
Rot. 
Simnel1ORO 
Accrued 
1,7.. u, 
. 
,.. 
Date 
Vete 
Mem, 
13270970 
,..,..i.:. :us 
181.442) 
Patna Rote 
Closed Total Return Swops Clanton 
S 
• 31 
Notion& 
Currency 
DesenPUOn 
7l7•4 Rate 
o.al 
Cie: 
put
ne 
123.102.002 
USD 
11.4 lo.Pey Ili 
I. MS% 
512AS8.23 
IS./A47.10 
124.0)3.403 
USD 
Roe lostryfll 
1.130% 
312.92211 
ISARGAIO 
13.0)0.0)0.400 
CV 
Rt411•118y Al 
AIM 
3251039 
304..10 
13.0)0.0)0.400 
CV 
Re( Ftsd8y AI 
4.150% 
1133221 
30....10 
tO.O34O3O 
USD 
Rµ/70W HI 
•8011. 
48.13331 
16.Aug.1O 
1O.O3AO3O 
USD 
Rµ NOW HI 
4.13011. 
47.2.81631 
16408.10 
10.000.000 
USD 
Pay F 1O14G111 
4350% 
423.1837 
244748 
Winton it.5O1 
213.23% 
227.08 
CAW 
761.500) 
GAG COCO 
11.831.OXO 
12.327.OXO 
- 
Trade boo 
M.taMy 
CU::: ".
21.44e.1O 
1O-Aph 12 
10A0711 
30µn10 
OSailpl2 
95Mµ11 
174/W.1O 
2181042 
2140/.11 
2553,10 
29.111.12 
23.10/.11 
264.6.0 
Shtl,1O. 
Salle 
IlAug1O 
11, Aug.2040 
I /AGO° 
144880 
16488003 
1644.10 
• 
ma 
GAG. cue* 
lestionlY 
' VI "'
26%4,10 
ISFeb 1010 
24.1Att.1O 
24.4An.10 
17.1eo 2010 
closed interest Rate swaps Gant*. 
l701.7.40 
aerency 
Desairlion 
rood bin 
44.^.1 Cost 
CI:1*
.i:7 '
u.  
7...7n..4 
(Ion Out 
"7 "" 
.3... 
C.A.Ato. Anal 
1400.020 
IGy 1/47+A; Ai 
44,65% 
432337.75 
1.414r1O 
I 
11.030.0)(0 
IS.COACOO 
USD 
IA In...F., N..6 
4A115% 
1499261 
11.107.300 
3482.11 
140,145 
180/10, 10 
S 
1.158.104 
Closed 3O1ear swop weed Gthstoss 
.... 
Closed Swspt Gainless. 
16.046.038/ 
7lAldergan louse CAW a tr. notions sane la PM prses• barlir. bane. eonteird 14717104egen Oese•Co . ands salfasnetweetled• it mama ow.* es* MA M M. Yaw lea Ca...la mabinet in tog inicown 
• toGesinc. 01491.,...,7•44. (7 Ow Pt* vot Swek hason3eund tea AR.07•04, 4•4007.1csdvAges. ~I 
is the OAlor dealer. rrerrbe. MASA 9K 1.16.14(n. ,Prergin Chin A CO. nap otbaie.ron oft. brokeitos o• ...minim 
triso, tastni 
The 
n.).
1.,O rOnied co .crtAna.el 0oPf7es Only HAN" in res0011.1070W relies% 1O*~Anutored .6 tt.s an.). A.d icy nanoaer.g 470anecAsoft.conGg GA aolikniam...,,,ee,os.0,n4e.h.y...kdette•eny. 
enti.nsiNee,eloARom or *eine, 4 ta wad in...tab* [...demi...am 
ft. tenplytays at accuracy, [pew. ardnimnoucensIliva ow mg...at as an satin to (Nap mine. mom Pn pruning* a. na.,euth•ot Nun 
%J.,  n',a noena s ....audit.. 
Ow ...num. 
hi• v. i.......••••••r 
in.da........ 
I** intn.d... ,  ine.. ,...^th.a
, d*"10,:”. no had • P.ou...
, n twin "%an S••• lear, W a•itant 0 we .....6 
rk,....10 losw othao ear.etneffitnann sve °Ann ours... vast souse wen oeuld not te Ada,* thAseele Rd saw.. Out wane, estalosn. from othene....c. be obleleed trite cup. el A.0 G An.e.04 AgAAnisst Tamil 
- K.-4 ..100.44 sag... bemd .par. .....o.inthealerd thorean bs no ameareeslhe thou onces astoth<enbe easing. Dm cOlt.cniibed die
 en ermedet 4. ,.mops.( •firlaar. moue ...At en WI eropluard AV noi 
. tw o, 0, ,,,,,,,,, 
a  9,..,G,.00.,...,G0A er do.lt rove 11,Ahool Or the 7O1C Of int ineence, ol igen& 
ormurt 'to a P. maga, nun eseicropnemunn bylaw nknallan es rialintmerninwIlm 
TP.S.MtertatiCII ilk% It• e Oe u•OlPepow,  to &on ii • ot11.rseL atante {Wk.'s...1 ccniatMal sorest diaftieft et 0.04.10ntyarnothe Po the adcleo«.6 prefititcd II 'to rt<ciee /AA Fe*. geese notIty Reseda 
nnadoodend mama WRAF 
!HO OW•Pco• Oast. Co 
EFTA00727040

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727041.pdf
----------------------------------------
• Torgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Pm pared 
pared for Financial Trust Co. as of May 11.1010 
Asset Management 
Cum/HMG CommadIty 
XAGUSD 
19645 
WHI/50 
1504.5 
U50042 
1.1514 
XAIWSD 
WOU50 
%MOOD 
II MB 
4%35 
1.0616 
GBPUSD 
EURUSD 
EURPtH 
1.4484 
1256 
4.1% 
USDIPT 
93.02 
V$DC1P 
543.5 
USectiR 
46925 
III 
lions 
Currency 2 
°rutin.' 
C‘mOnT 
Trade Date 
if new Oate 
0/Hution 
Currency I 
Type 
Notional 
Stoke 
Camency 2. 
TM),
Ramer 
PittlilIVITI 
Pretritl%) 
Premsen 
Gainless OM) 
5Mar10 
'S./ell° 
00u0M 
CUR 
NI 
12.800.00 
1.2190 
050 
CHI 
427167300 
3154% 
$439.651.53 
163985 
Salay.10 
1591110 
Sold 
CUR 
NI 
12.4009430 
1.2400 
USD 
Call 
513601 00 
1086% 
.5233,02.44 
191931) 
5440410 
110210 
Sold 
CUR 
Call 
13.200.030 
1.3200 
USD 
Put 
515711060 
1.195% 
4746633/ 
01040 
71440 4 0 
1114491I 
Sought 
/PT 
Put 
10.000100 
915000 
USD 
Cell 
4470.00%00 
4300% 
1409.232.41 
I617683 
11.00.10 
11.May4 i 
Sold 
/PY 
Call 
10,003,000 
93.5000 
USD 
Put 
Coal. KI *BIS 
$43000000 
4.700% 
.$73495413 
REASSO 
73420 4 0 
1314491I 
Sought 
CUR 
Put 
10.000.0)0 
1.2450 
USD 
Cell 
449100100 
4950% 
5533.859.0 
MHO 
73420 4 0 
1314491I 
Sold 
CUR 
Coll 
10.000.0)0 
1.2450 
USD 
NI 
Cat Cl • 1.30 
5495.00100 
4950% 
-$591.811.41 
(T0111) 
1344040 
13.1000 
Bought 
GBP 
AA 
10,003,000 
1.4425 
USD 
Call 
.9495900.00 
.4.950% 
5991117.65 
101,118 
780 .10 
1314491I 
Sold 
GOP 
Coll 
10.000100 
1.6425 
USD 
Put 
Cant Cl • 1.63 
5495.00000 
4950% 
4533,24170 
I23047) 
Open IIX Options MarticsAlatlat 
(137,3433 
Cpllwl. .
. . . 
Orwinai 
0/10nai 
(seven, 
Trade! DEM 
EAplry Date 
Direction 
Currency 1 
Type 
Notional loz) 
Strike 
Curnancy 2 
TYPO 
tlaniar 
Prim
Prrmiuns IS) 
'Temkin, 
Gainitess (USW 
6-Apic 0 
171un.10 
Sold 
%AU 
M 
5(00 
1115 
USD 
611 
At Eap.K1010B5 
185,00000 
$1700
Open Commodity Options Markla.Market 
$ 
5094 
Axed Income 
Trade Date 
Matin-ity 
CAP Rating 
issue 
irutial USD 
Cost 
t.,„. Arno., 
mi, a,,,, 
001501 
Grupow 
Non OW Coate 
A:
Z
*4
,w
fntry teuN 
Current mid 
Gainless MO/ 
17110.10 
01.04/4 7 
0• 
Gt Grow Inc 
44.612.500 
5.000.000 
523 
U50 
I 00”. 
078/7/2010 
$73.81589 
25 
0.50 
(III7.50) 
170.5‘10 
28.042I 4 
Paw/loos De Vie .51,794,250 
290090 
3.51 
uS0 
4902% 
WA 
$9,527.79 
70.170 
$8.17 
001090 
060.10 
15A0.15 
Fre Motor Cretl 
4191957 
201001 
)99 
050 
11.027.78 
99478 
9430 
(15957) 
3.0015 
3.331% 
1210p10 
05141 I i 
Fret/eta Cred 
45.142.500 
5.000.000 
0.65 
050 
511179114 
102550 
10250 
111.7007 
M.Apr.10 
IS9A.2033 
Mt 
Mown tquktail .53,800100 
10,003,000 
424 
USD 
8375% 
WA 
$0.03 
38100 
3219 
1131,200) 
2DADr.t0 
0114046 
Os Croup Inc 
44.7000 
1000.000 
4.71 
050 
03/07/2010 
515.555.56 
9450 
09.50 
12500007 
3.001% 
S.507% 
2144040 
111511 
fwd./04e God 45.050.600 
59000 
NM 
USD 
WA 
55107030 
10.100 
1002$ 
12,100 
Open rued Income Markle-Martel 
I1,2 
1551 
Prokmds 
Trade Date 
Maturrty 
CAP Rating 
Company 
c,„„ 
CuinCY 
Coupon 
Next Call Date 
industry 
fag taw' 
Current Price 
Gainless MA) 
111AW10 
02.API4040 
PHD 
/PM Chafe Caplet Mu 
400000 
050 
6.30% 
CZAPt.15 
Fininsal 
2500 
2293 
$ 
1812.0WE 
2686.5/10 
02.40.2040 
BBB. 
Ipm Chao Caput/0a 
OCK500) 
USD 
(470% 
02.0.15 
Frunoal 
2499 
22.97 
$ 
092,00) 
Open Preferred. Marletogiarket 
$ 
(1.404.000) 
guroStox, DevIdend 
Trade Oat! 
Maturity 
124pn10 
IDDec.1 I 
y,,,,.p.,,,, 
555E Dividend Fut pall 
g„,,, 
0,2% 
..,,,,,,,„, 
8499.993 
csucn 
RUB 
f nog Pnee 
11210 
Current Pol. 
Go 01.4.0 WWI 
(1.915,931) 
19004, 10 
210042 
155E DIddend f ut 0012 
00251 
9.999.9/1 
(UR 
11330 
57.40 
$ 
(2.871950 
tiMappf0 
21.95042 
5.5E 00800d Fut 0012 
504000 
9.01000 
EUR 
10000 
870 
(771,20 
Open EttroSteas Dividend Mark.toWaelutt 
550976) 
EFTA00727041
--- PAGE 2 ---
• • Torgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Pi epared for Financial Trust Co. as of May 
21.2010 
Asset Management 
Cattled Fa CenunedIty 
XAGuSD 
13645 
%MAW 
I176.8 
GBPUSD 
1.4184 
USDIPY 
9002 
XPTUSO 
ISSIS 
WINS° 
49925 
!WIWI, 
.256 
USDCLP 
543.5 
(addend 
r,..4,. u.,,, 
company 
h}6
radtneuy 
Fairy Pace 
Current Pace 
Currants 0/101 
Vivid 
940440 
filet" Um KOldrqs Corp 
21;00 
050 
0.0" 
4455 Matteleb 
(2100 
514.57 
S 
112.680) 
14Map10 
Solo Capital LW 
13000 
USD 
11.83% 
Fastneal 
$22.07 
52029 
$ 
031401 
"Map10 
seevrge Howe & Room. 
24000 
USD 
0.00% 
Fimeetal 
5460 
54.50 
(2.000) 
"Mari° 
lloster IntrOf LP 
4250 
000 
707% 
!MON 
$5455 
55425 
S 
(9.44)/ 
Open Equity MartamMathet 
S 
1476473 
Total Return 
Trade Date 
El fective 
lAnurity 
undedying 
tangimort 
ElgWMIIIIIMIH 
(bro. 
&wand 
, 
Industry 
Fab). Par e 
Current Price 
Guinted$ WW1 
Cute 
Oats 
Int ..... 
2)401.10 
2.440.10 
2845591 
Co1444sOn "OP 
LOn9 
20.003 
Pat 
045% 
31.94004 
53.205420 
Finsedull 
fl00.42 
514042 
S 
(397.961) 
29.045e.10 
Maple 
29,4pr•I I 
Gdonan Sachs 
LOr19 
34000 
3" 
40% 
42335.52 
S4775370 
Fastreal 
5153.199 
514462 
1594S047 
Opts rotaiReturn swans MarlatoMarket 
47534(44 
„...„ RitaSm'+Vl
Effintisr 
Trade Date 
Maturtty 
sposhoppt 
c4"15553 
0•Impard 
ideal Pme 
a...„., 
"MOO Rate 
Gaunlars 
•01 
Oahe 
1744"10 
netteu 
214141oel • 
110500:0000 
CLP 
µ(hyfty Ilt 
4.150% 
5235347 
4.157% 
S 
(5.537) 
"Stole 
294%412 
29.14"11 
13400014000 
CD 
Roe Fs"ftip flu 
4.150% 
$239108 
4283% 
(*611) 
24.4.10 
soeugas 
Yemen 
issomom 
uso 
Roc Freer flt 
1.753% 
31962281 
1425% 
40%214 
Won" 
054144,12 
03444•411 
125.0"000 
USO 
Ito "An Ilt 
1.730% 
51245024 
1.444% 
S 
35431* 
Coen Interest Rate Swaps 74•Huto-Maalie1 
S 
7194401 
irate Mae 
r oomy 
Or
ison 
Nononur 
Cranny 
OescinptiOn 
$r4 P.te 
Oriumal 
Onyinal 
Cu"'"I 
("".n 
C.n inl r 
, DI 
P' .",,,,,,, 
Pr.,..um (...) 
Onmikin 
rf. ,,, um 
31.1A5P10 
scsrundo 
5" 
510.000.000 
050 
SwelXion 
4350% 
5136.000 
.se47.155 
5472% 
S 
(711.155) 
134/4"10 
141440 
SOW 
514040300 
USD 
Smoot" 
4150% 
5125000 
UM 
4523912 
8.279% 
(702,912) 
23041410 
24.144p10 
Sold 
514000.000 
050 
%yawl" 
4350% 
540,030 
OAS% 
45323794 
8238% 
(743,794) 
soneelo 
temaelo 
Sold 
516000.000 
050 
Sal4P0On 
4250% 
1113.000 
1.13% 
•1•39.349 
6393% 
S 
ISM 343) 
30047410 
28.1.4"10 
Bought 
514000300 
050 
Swapdon 
4350% 
.5155000 
41.55% 
51311 
04011% 
(153359) 
Open Sivapbens Mark4e4hiailtet 
ILIalin 
Open OTC peatiOnS MoltsoMarlon 
(11 644712) 
Closed petalled. Warless 
S 
11.3993221
IOW petitioned Sainte:di 
S 
153.031.2341 
•IP Yawn hum tin' 4 10. nal. ," .•••• g4. ay Whno te...1 botanu+SaS %fl Mania Os .14 Ce. Ana at laxtkinswaleAtf• AL Way.. Oa la NA see AP. Vols. hie Co P.P. de mann el It. MC It. IlIa14.S...100.1.1. 016501.• 
••••••• *I fi•ler.VM*11.1.4.0nip• bra *Mg nsignal ins nyiatal nt...}. 
tdaSI iga•bleade-dadd.ereeltdrlIASO.9,C. IlineOtlen. 0144.01.10.4. • C. nry *ran anea Mtn bal.-San et ...mei .0May enils 
TS IsIbMtg Is Siva pnAdo4 ea itecrennena ouvan env antia a twp.ra resat dean idarnruantantina a th• vaanee.54 de Attseparyng drorneresnanitdavrqba valeta mem wawa. natter wi worm maw.. to, wenveregfeem<skasout et 
“Un.....•t.ti..dt0t. al WO. tars .00..44 venni thorpinenen cv ow., 
Oaaou•na odds odium. or ironed use to sada so ord.. Marra mote Oa. patenwto an. nice/a Skarn-At Ilmeard k tux tundra dean. a 
Warm %pm "4044. el ur• of seen/wad/ 'rowanx no tiedued.Ws sedbe Mar now N grepb••• .W.41 • pulgiutei ens /wt. nan a am Owe,. lunrmtiel en, *a 
OiMaiNNI Mint et aria inavrlyt. ibcon•it over. *lour ...knew to 
exhifonal Vslaigni gra.40<1 nada plo 'ores a• to anohlic.clted Mom nevi to per (ALM tunerrikcaArnaii. W.PattOteelibeRN• Elwell...I ranwuld roam mitith elotrAdennli valponi0kal wen Istateen rten otni nen. 00 catiStle• 
IS fug. anal" tiquina estonnita ton. 
sea anthems sok an toss wen mown. maw..it...a thr. can t. to nuem4.0.n too piksaniiitls on be tottend IS etnialku. IS IS 100•0504.44. 04.44. a nrCent.S1 a WOO ffnatal *Ma 
in mat apalli arra a ml oblexCen al, Cs n(bowd et paralfred tty. nen* ee itah. re, a gee ,erro•d Cr IN, (DOC o. In, renneu•spour 
Pita trial,...), 
spleen...sr ImmuesomereM 3/4 440 alftmodnantOrdni ode arreddca 
PO Soma.. s Wile sci• wit or Ow paid, le Marn•Ot ePernaL r4 nip a pniept0 onl cesidnedi An
 Ocrntmloa a Odrkarion ter overt calddlua we eterdee a pdhlelt4 .1 op mesa" witem OtoenstOrtarsoPrinne4Warrent 
n 4 
(CI 200 IMAb9anCMle4Co 
EFTA00727042
--- PAGE 3 ---
IIay-
la 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
• sset Mana: ement 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Prepared for financial Trust Co. as of May 21, 2010 
Oran 
FX • Commodity rate 
%40Vi0 
17M5 
MAUV50 
11146 
MOW 
644 4 
USOPY 
9002 
%pTu50 
1504.5 
%POLES° 
436 75 
fuluSD 
1.256 
USOCIP 
54).5 
USD044 
1.1514 
USDCAD 
0416 
EuRPt11 
4.106 
U5131101 
46925 
ne 
Trade Date 
Expiry Date 
Diremen 
Corrency I 
Cunency 2 
Streit 
CurrOWY 2 
'Paw 
Okra* Out 
Original
Oliginal 
Una Ina 
notional 
Dale 
Poranhan 
Premom (V) 
/Vernon' 
4...Olen 110501 
20463. 10 
20.440 I 
Bought 
PU.1 
Col 
2.500.000 
3.%500 
CUR 
Pm 
1344400 
.20050.00 
.3.210% 
2044.10 
20.444.11 
Sold 
14.14 
Put 
2$04000 
3.9130 
CUR 
Cal 
13.44400 
240.75040 
3.210% 
26544010 
2640.10 
Sold 
NOK 
Call 
tram 
9.0400 
GOP 
Put 
134444.10 
5163.14795 
1.510% 
DMay.10 
04.lun.10 
Sold 
BM. 
Put 
14004000 
1.4000 
USO 
Celt 
1344040 
1102,00000 
4020% 
1904010 
194 44, 10 
Bought 
MR 
CM 
10.0004200 
44.5000 
1150 
Put 
19-1.40 0 0 
593X0.0) 
0.930% 
97.5120.120 
442.750.00 
-5170.99440 
4373,00040 
51301 
(101.001 
0144191 
17.0471 
071.0001 
193.0001 
Closed IX Options Mort444144•1445 
( 1.044. 1 5OLUO 
IA mementenelere' evo neemon are 44. Ow rune tve1ng iroons iorOalta PIP Maw,  Oon 0 Oi. art) FlovanornnollImOr. It Wigan Chor HS. NA &Nit Norge 'Nei Co . NA ye ninet.0 slOw Mt ).• MagOlon.490 hi. LIOOnn• 
ante .. none Yea NM to,..ece On/ giro nol 0.0 erinmonP other. 
Drew no men eimr. amen 1400.104 ie eflomP6004.5 0 4ne 4 Co Iv/ovate woori
1/4 . OplioOtao ..norm. 
•Omoy tostn 
ire somm a tem remeteln .reemitsma omen tr.4 mow mesomew toe osal. Oken•lin weaned me Wenmer &al of ...Or. 
rg Oosoa sk”,
•040 . toonanrany re onoO,  noarr"Ono` ,  101...
,‘“"'"Oo
,  ( "
Moo o 
Tann 
n tenet to Or oloOr. bA .• Os rot moon( A ionitltrour rouroy. Mnors minerreteiemnbetem ryryeenl eel so 4,14441 Imhof amps mt 0 
14,1petrnmenrelmlialtreml Moo en05 The orninoirrretrOinkria o alt.. 
of oraror, aohe r rtrocoo•Int re /Iwo/ ononmn T.. IfroboOtan erPorno alholoan, %op.'s... Ivy %oil • sionen o Ara opiate...ten Ow 'ono.' .rennor. err row %Swam, know ale rdio..... Oforlinl age& afro. a Oran Is 
non voolumemonoehoomnentemnoe4.440smileo mewoleue me elle..44440405.44remen reeemmtporaller Ml Olken. ‘.4•5 eno/ ea teeeta* 044.04.4.4 womieful wool oft.Mrs Ion OM mnelbe0.0 444 b. 
thew panel rain i p••••••1 MerhInn. Fowl rote ell ...torsoa Iola meta, us, nr.roar, nom* ••• fon rin a ronorarte led Oaf ism or nee tan le marina Pro Ohosomarg ItiogootiroO101util. or norrenn.ol "Oren oOnt Ira 
rem , Mans me of eel 0 1.300,
o. %Moue n yarrow m aro 14 44 wthelra or M004.1 Wm to C. art mno me/al num. 
Ilea eternal yos JP Mr', 
ItnOW Nth .,..Mire 
I,. 00000 49 tripernen. O. n9rdnl .ay tw.s.bM 
Oa .Mane 
Oi lb. P.
 unarm ga,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,A 4 ne....4 ..4 ern t... .0.40W awl «Man% st, err um. 'Frt.*, 
er 04lialan try no*e en. nn t,  seetes• • innbila Its. ISPe• Ila horny. Orem, ollav ir e we., Syria. i r -a man a4 
..i 
(CI 2010 0.440.54 Ome 4 Co 
EFTA00727043
--- PAGE 4 ---
JPMorgan Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Asset Management 
Prepared foe 1-intimmil Most Co.., of May 71. ?OW 
CUTS* FX a Commodity rattS 
ICAGIAD 
II SO 
)(41.11.1SD 
1176/1 
GIIPUSD 
Mal 
USWIT 
9002 
>MUSD 
150.5 
XJOUSD 
496.75 
EURUSD 
1.256 
USCC1P 
5435 
USOC111 
I 1314 
USDCAD 
0616 
CURRM 
a IOC 
1/51)1NR 
46.915 
Cassia, 
' 
WWI 
Trade Date 
Expiry D.iste. 
Dirt(ien 
Currency 1 
Type 
Motional (co 
Strike 
Currency 2 
Type 
pa„, e, 
Orkpnel 
Orkpnel 
Current 
Prernvm 
Premium IS) 
Pren.urn 
Ca...loss 10501 
29.40, 10 
02...eel° 
5Cdd 
IMO 
525 
IAD 
Call 
5140.000 CO 
514.00 
5M60 
0301 
Closed Cornmeally Options Mark•to4Aarktt 
$ 
1236.0001 
...AP. mown Dome Cat a tee mudsp sane to novae beteg turrn,ceen•o.,4 en r Margn0u sta,rna atutosirees ...um*. ip...sa4o One tel MA ni AP Soon trate. NA we nobs sr geld[ AP moon lecunnirc (PASOla 
memo el dr max Va*Sext [Sunda ra..4 ate 'sera bed reparaiscradon il.149 *neon. derin. mete • trAID.WC is esdna .01...easn Oro I Ca my spwarardeu sow Ante &donor redanonatmarrealan 
llw Wenn Obn...fon:Sly alerninonai ...sae Mr 4.0.. ...mew...norm:pew wieenonecernyeed n On nears, eif incisonorreseounnsinies nikoshe ht ad Ionia, te ramrod, van rekein, Patin rahlo..Innetion tekeleiere or 
Sten 41.44.014,0•Fe14.a Otltswennliw.nlobatnikeireer.ant gm,. del nenOn ini OA • er, farmer red we nee. ana•mewensk eerAe l'a., unlonee4ers•oSn/r.eneentrue 'aids nondear•rannir•Oalne, d ,on 
n1srldon la lierredsne a to el any Serval mama., Pe treko Orel, anat. in ellruennOrestesetimer has • main" w art nerarin mar nee aeneinverenbelaerynsen4ouinlanony et ncedranisr. slam. • pa. mhec e or Indy le 
macaw vilnobsre needed rdlai gra alnoleren V, *OH iranewf here rife sow, effniivatineOtentinotert Meioses patentee Pei Oflosat oxnestrilmilarreaWesearvreonlimon.e. Keg vow... ken.enn loons In Oland rer 
ihrpareeelovolninwerelukelenere srgelsnn arq. etainlel swill we twain*. revord. nolsrsharof thee,. In ow arennorrINI en Amery ; Ohs.. Or melee) ne otepiron al es moron sort eons. eercsornen.lat .4W.° ether fwd.. 
pwri Klemm° eif Pe meet& pars M. windowd or pairartindts, on bet o tesknearviodoenvanyknOVICeeanyereirnmorte 
dens (attain.' 1 r.14aron naglets••• retnsorldowler lupe. elan/Saner `fledell re keen's. 
Ilvenreenlinno ler Pe seanee al 1Sepeien Sr whin .1 nedPerieL 'mining,* maple) erg onlasnial ers...40strenOmeenrsesontyerrenrereeirannee)Perwayelaeni Pio/ me** an...ro". seeire.o, Penn*. anrdeinved rear .0 bir 
M 
ICI NI° 
Cease SC* 
EFTA00727044
--- PAGE 5 ---
JPMorgan Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
USD)99 
9002 
USW.. 
543.5 
05pNR 
46.925 
Asset Management 
Propided for I insnoal mndit Co. as of May )1. 2010 
04224419 Al A Crawlynm 
YAGIAD 
1)4S 
XAVUSD 
1176$ 
GIWUSD 
144461 
MUSD 
I SO4 5 
XIOUSD 
436.75 
EURUSD 
1.256 
USOCHF 
11514 
USOCAD 
I A616 
WARN 
106 
19319. 410 teMnttf 
Contract Spot 
Contract 
Clow Out 
unwind Rate 
Gaylen 10501 
Trade Date 
49PirY 
OlOught 
Notion/a 
sold 
Notional 
Rate 
lo.-ward Rate 
Date 
140400 
4.00.10 
KW 
11971.500.000 
IP! 
900000.00 
121100 
12.1950 
14.0.2.10 
11952 
171.406 
314222.10 
5.091.10 
CAD 
142.4000 
WY 
934320.001 
91.7500 
91.6000 
14./...10 
03.35 
191.565 
26.1641-10 
30.Adr10 
NOC 
61099900 
GIP 
7.000.000 
5.9050 
9014 
06464y 
9.2125 
1257.5461 
6.46,40 
304.4910 
tOC 
63,490003 
011) 
7.000.000 
92970 
9.1270 
06444/ 
92115 
11302161 
16.4432-10 
20-00.10 
MR 
446400000 
U5D 
10.000.000 
442000 
446500 
06464Y 
12 
1314.7341 
20./.22.10 
&Aug 10 
CAD 
ssoo.oce 
WY 
.1642500243 
929175 
928700 
064Aky 
939 
030663) 
25-402-I0 
liTA6-10 
CAD 
5.030.000 
ADD 
5.124519 
01315 
0.9214 
20464Y 
01744 
227.210 
Closed hinvard contsub 14arlots44arket 
1353 000.421 
.ad1Iwton 'Maw ant. • to wound tam rot noprissw Nene. bairn deddlid 4A2.. wawa has sta. awl NUMMI."... Nonsmsa it madbaCtrioarit NY ara i P. 'Nada trate. P4* an 'weep. ei not MC 2P. lOdonlaudeinc.ON.60a• 
mined NS IGw TM text [Su". sea caw maim as nip *nal nano., line an* Iv et. i a. 61 i . t ante WAID.WC 1 i bit d nat Mama Chao See Myopia sand code leale-0.4. es Mean at Awe, way 
Tow req.,t...,,,,,k 
k ...,,,,,,,,.., tn., 
,,,, ...4“ ,,c,,..,,,,,,,, 
.......,,,,,,,,,,,,... p . w ant." ...dew ocunter,0,,, ',yr.!, 
ondo. INOtel 
titrnari. I Ipitimnal Iv In iglatit ad we op mu ....... op ainseenvel cc way cdfwen ant cannon wow* as wird. ad de Medi is per *noontide add ladernade a rµnlala dlduv wide IN, waled a ral .11•410 Win WO Cr 
flititain In 1..prthe if Weal any idevar rsownin. Ilw Neon engin ardd new Oh... an/ IPTIOWITImIt hdl I • ice...a v• Kt 'inroad man ..., TN t 
,d en. erinb el any.... em•swe hem OF Oda WOrnyvir..1•0•74Int Ma. whew o r luffir to 
WO. war WfriOnwome€4•01•0 rot alma,. v. aw *ON lent", nano rid. 93 yds Mad dnineotonlinnon 92nadot tamarnie nal Onord pxeindiOndlares•Nde Owdwndinionw Ind wand wdoners Immown varnedia *land for 
Mow m al not mrtednidloNleni Trd.0 in dn ard saidlarlot drido a• Widow, ...tad, now on ard itartcadia .9. aw.rdnorrawl on soma taahar ta NANO deol4palnn ad 4w woadan wit Omni .a. motnardat .nA.dro n31.1 N., 
we drA fasodnnt rev rdat4407ca O. cr own‘' 9. ',warted N. di bran tnM1 nd a. ner moans ow MK w any ranwand 
dem orradiva IP UMW P, PAlleOint InnWAIielt• Iva.. nhanglen or nyianfri re new." 
1IN•riond3onolw INN/4w al Wenn, mean tine:toad adlaiderrarydardcoddirnal arta. 0**Onn I0.0 ...non try innernOw lope of Pan n po....I. Or en nano end end Sac rollt lien,. ernidolcyantnitra el tn. 
nod 
2010YNorgwcnne 609 
EFTA00727045
--- PAGE 6 ---
IleMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
175O/PY 
9002 
1.66611 
5438 
46.925 
Asset Management 
Piepsried for Finsinic .41 Trust 
. 
Co.. of May 31. 1010 
Current 111 • Cominotlity Mn 
)4417121 
11645 
XOOU$0 
117511 
COPUSD 
1.481 
XP1USD 
ISO. 5 
2913USO 
426.75 
EURUSD 
256 
USOCH! 
1514 
USOCAD 
0616 
RIRPt11 
4105 
Ciem 
Dividend 
C 
Wade Date 
Ocker 
Out 
mey 
siie, 
Stelke 
Cutren<y 
lane 
Yned 
Date 
industry 
;any nee
Yinerind Hei 
eine 
Gienlass 11/60) 
644..10 
TliK Werg 
1telfey185ten leen. A 
5.000 
USD 
13A4µ 
Fbr. I0 
rskebeil 
112.25 
$12,09 
1900/ 
134440 
FPI) Ifnity 
Enterphe hoducu Nimm 
ZWO 
USD 
7.03% 
1184.10 
Inegy 
125.55 
13536 
1144,10 
MN! (quity 
wend Properlies Trust Int 
MO» 
050 
1258% 
15,44-10 
FlninsIO 
5875 
$9317, 
1375 
158440 
RRC Iquity 
Kien Reale Colp 
ZWO 
USD 
4.32% 
15414.10 
finandS 
134.20 
13466 
1,156 
8460 
MO 82017 
anb Prangt/Cars 
2500 
050 
435% 
244 10 
Ffruncla 
12730 
127.13 
1.511 
154410 
DG finde 
Collo Geom. Corp 
2003 
USD 
0.03% 
15414.10 
Cceiame,Cyck 
127.0) 
127.21 
617 
214410 
Mn 88•71 
11.24 Inmeerit CIM 
2000 
USD 
0.0)% 
iter10 
Ffruncla 
nen 
$11.125 
1.100 
2280..10 
all code 
mem Iketorts COM 
14.000 
USD 
0.00% 
1544, 10 
Te01001199 
114.0) 
$1285 
122312) 
2444,10 
MW Equily 
Moho kneamen Cal/ 
12030 
USD 
10,64% 
2teepn10 
IinaaoS 
112.4) 
112.27 
0.440 
294060 
SW blue 
9311ppsfnaetµl COM 
100.000 
USD 
167% 
2fer 10 
Mine. 
52.75 
$3.01 
26800 
14.44.10 
RSU Iquity 
Kaum C41, SOut/Men 
ZOGO 
USD 
043% 
2•114.10 
ledinvial 
sem 
18201 
2012 
294410 
1114 63101Y 
61 141tinal Gin UMSO. 1.0 
1502 
USD 
0.00% 
29-84-10 
[MW 
121.50 
523.25 
6.119 
naarie 
(1» fpuity 
Kien 100•91n Efer9y Men 
USD 
6,93% 
Sepia° 
fruergy 
166.25 
116.64 
(2.240) 
8003 
t3.1.461.10 
111n hlintY 
Renxersenbereon leoperon 
‘50) 
USD 
IR% 
2>Ppr 10 
Flow<161 
111.50 
111.55 
625 
13.1Aap.10 
TWAYEputly 
TiMnaraa 
2003 
USD 
0.00% 
21.44.10 
Cationuaketioni 
StO, 
es* 
4,012 
1444a,10 
GTY EeMlf 
Ginty Iteolty Cm 
100)00 
USD 
6.96% 
201µy10 
Randal 
122.00 
121.01 
%207) 
1544 .10 
MAC usw.zwo«. blue Macenth Cofrbe 
.220 
050 
Cell 
214400 
flnrdeI 
$202 
so» 
44.000 
15.04:n10 
/62C 8:6411 
InacierictiG3fflie 
».000 
160 
4.96% 
211µy10 
Randal 
141.00 
snes 
113.100) 
que Syhdir.M.1.4.elvtoearlui 
30.614 
'.1 Wiege. e.... eire' • um. Meer.... I. nurnwen," tw.emnineteJ r 44PeanChPe • te, OMI ..s.badvw, a.»...a. 1 P . Jeneen« teil GA Otl xr Welpe. te•MC. il‘k en •••••xn 14 444146 I I' Omen fenenenna OAU e • 
rennt« ehe* Iso vindrea feckno ira teer nesentied innen teratint 0149 1 non andedie, reut. 1492.106 n Mine dunen fess lite nie opere• NA.110011414.1401101r11.41e•naiteindreist 
rd** 'ab", 4 t•WQ 1.•1004111•1•14.1.410fle AIICOSigttf Ot• A MW.. yOa. IIICHONI freertillieb,...nd h .N. atü.° . 4 •r ..."1.90.440.1, Wfaete010441.1..01 Medd Ob lef•MICIt neetedueara, ...MIM, cmimmens nenneen os 
esnneid Iiineedi in Is. nennt In ni in nal Weatl 111.C.AIIMMIII OS unrnie eie.bn NM minsname.» su minerin an nem u otner .44. neek• 1- Inetteradale.C4r4aneti kaue MW% lhlenInWl••011111•40.,•• /1, GL. 
worin. in stepadua ceseireiventensalliNdel 11 lette.eaan .e4wir.µ grill.ms el 41 lenge». eteheil • paalce al tinwin Maid . to ea.v.s envatuolvy‚m.4Nta4.0•1, 0, Ui an weemer. plane, •i •,, lesta n.J. , . 
iraPature VS u• na • 0.4.4.4 rata p. a MI11.111Ce•e• wau .4.0.2 Mn. WW ti nu emcia ne.entemene, en w• (weg .....es. nm et. meg« stiel eurem In aultar eiwneneenellePtlerws wata alauee• ircr. an.. No.n.... na ezn.a ft. 
en nie.* einenn innini innenan Int. eiemma v.nnies na* de wodegen nsnin, nneiso na Inn can 0C in en.. rens. den fon. ce imi od. b• 01 04 ne entrinn ird en teeedin tat oesnideenceeninse ecin toid.i.diene 
WP I« 0193.• rd aro 4144weee• 0...ten.4 Os eatv..14 sei tankuatee.......a.en ...adle ••• tec c., "1,»
,.',•^‘S•Ce•c> 
Maneerao es., Il. Yen», erbaue Itert top...n.na• for rue« Fe 4 nvice• of ree t d n 0 ‚A . . lt id. ...I ce 
Yr...mat....4a... im to ..a. ... no.p.....ea a.a.d.i. sseina.3 naeeste mopse na mimen mai‚ adnine nennen In Widre ins dun in. .15..e 2 einancl dm n.. ifilie 'net 0•In mann. wnen eniediu A ennof+ d bi 
na 
KI MW ‚More° Chn• a Co 
EFTA00727046
--- PAGE 7 ---
JPMorgan Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Asset Management 
Prepared for Fl narIC 41 Trust 
. 
Co., 
of Play VI 1010 
Current FX •Corneredlty 
men 
XA51/5111 
II 00 
%AVOW 
1175/ 
GIIPUSO 
1.4054 
USD/PY 
9002 
XP1USO 
15045 
3DOUSD 
456.75 
[URU60 
1256 
USDCLP 
SOS 
VSOCN1 
I 1514 
USCKAO 
1.616 
CURR.N 
4116 
MPH ,  
46125 
"A. 
Pad. DM, 
Maturity 
4140Stiv• 
Net40/144 
CulYenCy 
045crIption 
Fixed Ride 
514.0,..  
Out 
DM. 
, 
4504I . 10 
15.1/41.11 
150144 0 
S0 00P01O 
USD 
fM 
0115% 
15PpO10 
S 
131000 
Sapol0 
15fMarfll 
ISEPP/0 
soopowxo 
USD 
IRA 
61176% 
16.0.5o10 
S 
151000 
Closed FRAs folarluPPRioriel 
S 
330,000 
'4.41. Mew IIIhide ear if no retool, 
pane a.  ii•ptum• turRepto.44.444.55aanl peal Snows Oa. • Ca. ang.“ pet4161.10,•••IISAIS IP megonOtio ark NA am 14.144toin Tian Co. 444. arirwrianc4
.0•40C JP I44roin Munn Mc (a 
Spa 
/1•404.0114•1444, 56frottexior410 al tee ruee444.1 *taxa teams" 
II/ 49 • Mr tre44.4•455 .4 4.5•41040.1.44- 1, 44/4045104.44,45 Orate& my optima own. Moe trantaan 
ea 15•441.14•4•44.444•441114 
IN NS." 
A Soo was. 
ea Memnon* p.p... 
erel, nett ^ taws. 
i no orocisi uµrvnt. 
cow a d n"""ary 
an ow .canurr.op abater I. .4 SCA 04.14 Pa nu Wenn. ben. tnnra. NI. 
•S•404••• yawn. 
ootorraopf tic•Onora ow 
moan.% 4 Porno WM ...tit 
WNW:U/41 intr. 
11/ f ONSIKenen Of Ear., 
°porn al poor...wpm 
as ml;.. •• al ornaPO . Cane ........U. 
4. 41. 144414444 • la rat...ye
...Po. 
1.4 n il" 
. ."..ad 
a Sn e'. 1 u 
piano, 
of ninon.. 
ouPolsfororafroa 1. 11.
1.
1. Po P ...."... 
W
'..'" 
0114.."
... .” 4•• • ^mg ran poop fr • a sof sip rf Poo to Pat.. 
Pre open al sea. ima e fibromabora a mower...POP Ilban•n•Po.fafforrInfrie 
no, teat \WW1.. diroubd nrno. pus sebumm M said .pa MI 
non rind sa nu ante 4 1.44,4 44.5,Ins 4, ice, Mourn 
jaw.. 
ewe Oft••••41/10“.6110011*.1.4atf• ohnewv ma wasa we wawa ...Au.. 
Inman. loam So °aural ter 
So psi 
444.41 ty troate4IIIIC•4410. 4 loon etion sea 0 4140044 0414lia.4 444.41./tol inset nova 
W.1•44 I. MM maw.. 
M.
4.1054
, 44 OM.
,  to m4144.1 1414440•0:44 am 45040.44/4. will 011.41 44 t4c4.445541.4, 444.3 mud ,  navit 
Are rot *pop al are rpotopem 
ef, 0 inefne0 or oparenool by rt WS. C. Wok ow are lop !m00% Pr MK of aroorennonvol 
$ 4414414141144104 Mr154,4•54,4MI 
141n 14,50• 4 NI 1. 1. 4444‘4. 04. 41 .411.1141• 41 04•4404. 
fInfifooroano 
le. M Maw el Peon, 
snomen to nolfferoa. offlopiporfOrpalartler/Ornel 
...4 ime.040,04044.5,  4.44w/en ty mom eIhr Ow, 0 4401.4.444 5 441145 444t 0 ra on.. 
en.. es..14•Pre rottrite.in*....014, 
rad setV, .. Of 
Mit 
402010YMOIo n C 
CO 
EFTA00727047
--- PAGE 8 ---
JPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Asset Management 
P1,2911222d for 1210/11,1411 Trust 
. 
Co., of May 71. 2010 
COMM AI a Gomemillty COM 
XAGUSD 
I700 
)(MUSD 
11768 
GPM 
1.4464 
USOPY 
9002 
XVIUSO 
15045 
XFOUSD 
436.73 
(DRUZ 
1.256 
USCCL• 
543.5 
050011 
1514 
USOCAO 
I.0616 
WORN 
led 
USCIHR 
46.925 
Flood Inure 
ina.alusu 
(lobo Out 
1-"2
<vM
 AT 
2,,,,,,,,, 
c,,,,,, 
(2w,, 
Foley level 
Current Rid 
G000lms (050) 
Tiede Dote 
Maturity 
Sep PAM, 
iMee 
Dote 
12.40r.l0 
I5. 
le 
6. 
GOkusbn Systt .31 
000 
1.030.00, 
572 
I 0.0r.10 
I 
020 
I00,S6 
$ 
ISA42 
Open Fixed Woo* Idaek-to-Market 
I. 
25.042 
lt. Moon Mau ean.1. tor runarekno "no Cu nop.1.02 ImeMna toalowarnammele, At meatonCmo a Ca, ssa a vaalaramaaMAtle et foremCono ark MA an O. Mtg. tmaCe, MA aro myna. all•FOIC 12.21/foinlomill.W. WM°. 
rimer ells Moo "SIMI tMeteeard ob. nmeel aro. are. co..ogo MO s Pe Iner4tolo.ncelor11.50.1•C h •40110,10Mmen thee* to non ewe( 'anus can 1•02• Ordin or enstnrk etre, wen 
TM lebounq e bog pwafel leo nicfnanonIremne Me oaMg .mmoree Melon, somni knoowimiern0000 n Ito minor an momenoormrydaamirroner, mho. Mk en Mow, le any snow.), ofletotodon000loorthoolinrol0nuolakienior 
ernooln • Moroi ie meiotic ',One" no, yrri obagnekeire or .4,040 121...micil mantis...1MM w lalintM /Nee ntiml t20.•••••021. 2^212,..
2121.41,22. 2••••M•10.0 . 1. 0 .1. 1,'” 0. 0".• 11'.1• 222" 01.22. 0. 11,221/42 2. 
2210Mien hi Ilepoolure 0 +feel my leorwel relmnri. IM now OK .Mb an oliounn onienSmeeinot NO 4 moini 0. Kt world rroir •••••• ••••(.1 vire ro.bel any maw 4aoswohno 0 oda to0roonin eimmeat op...m..0 of levOr Iv 
20.1.220w vdeobre invidol &MI roe aiming. IM elgolO woofed new*. n yr, Waal voMeamitnoon Venous( moortio OM Offmr4 pusonelloil be oe•Mot tangy,. omlodyno Motworrl voloters homotat• wpm In *Lanni kw 
Me PoWeel rod eingoactolaiglon. • rr •• se an! *Omni • I ).M. a* le.. um net a rp. r• ow tin an) ifire as, m in *wean !MI Ulm now meta*,  be rinicri neeletobneq‘MiarM•idlloiModenooroorolei ',MOM orbeiluM. 
in •Otilirpf20 inf 42,4 1.01.2)ors el.e•MIOrMO Or Ilwartm/ W. /n/ Pr*n tuft ow art 10., elm.% Uw1C4C 
C. eryorognowoul 
PitarconodFool P. 'down Ondoteeinl Fennommo• kw lolly. nlanoson or nemlog en Onoton 
TN, web.seen• k. Mena el 'hewn. t; %Nen el ti•OhaseL oninvsy be molnirl aryl wOrlirrini Mt tee.00•00ne.. &doom Momently, Om Pe (0M•oe npoiaisd lino meow dna. ow, ~Wile Ile waloa ernithaltly AN men,  el bo 
moll 
2010.110498/1006tICO. 
EFTA00727048
--- PAGE 9 ---
JPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Prepared for 'mantis. Trust Co in of May ?I. 2010 
Asset Management 
4:00•4441 FX • GOVII044ei Me 
XAGPSD 
I> PIS 
MUUSO 
11762 
NAM 
1.44114 
1.60IPY 
90.02 
APTUSO 
150 .5 
MUSS 
4162 
0.111111.0 
l2 
t111:42P 
541.5 
Wan. 
I 1514 
WOW, 
1.01111 
0.14141.1 
4.106 
WIMP 
45135 
Thal Rehan S 
nude Dole 
filectres 
blirturny 
CHOW 
AP IO 
2840e10 
Date 
Undledrree 
LentSPPen 
Ohm-. 
1-o• 
'fund O60) 
Accrued
roduner 
byte/ en. 
One',  rt.. 
4......• R7,01 
AP .10 
(0na.ra 200, 
L(0 
)4020 
)ml 
0450% 
10341 
$41312.00 
OnariC4 1 
$1(042 
15210530 
1231.4413 
open mrek.to.lrlarket 
(231442/ 
es 
• . 
tad. Date 
Matunly 
Plfeellre Pare 
NoOonal 
Caweenry 
Depoiption 
fired Rale 
Oriplaul Cosa 
va 
Close out 
Close Out 
lue 
Pare 
OVOI 
Potrued 
int 
ere 
14.W•so•10 
15-feb.2040 
26.14.w. 
24404r.10 
.51•b.2040 
110 
s4(64020 
USD 
Pay halt. III 
44565% 
1/1.1
.
•00 
.117 .014 II 
11.014000) 
l5.004000 
USD 
Ps Paolo NO 
46715% 
14912.241 
15.031.5110 
11.1Aep.0 
114,11661 
114145 
S 
1.155.40.4 
OPP,  Trade Crate Maeleto4PrItet 
$ 
12SA04 
Opan Total Metro Swam alleriple.11entel 
Papa reeraara• a shr natnni erns.. erepuitobiana wisp...nal 
by IP wpm Oro a C. arnsineirennenamee i.O. •••••••0... ,... KA .d IL ...WM. C...... rnANI•e• M 00 MC 10.14.4•11•04,11n.t IIIMAN In neat. 
00....
• •••,... 00"3....~^.”
" 1“1.
.",.. OW • ...n.....k.."“
4,111"30,, .0 h ...... , .....•^0••• i C. nt“.....".•~In.....k......."...MPT..." 
To I nrwerl a to ep pv.1.1 to an 4 ref.'s PrIA•nani .4.1..iumeutustociabo erern.n4aunaree a thr nouacsartner auerparah1 sketwearne. overwre ta on Was la "mann wow eakitelbil. neon.% sevinwronutoanner 
ninon. • ...mei or br ,Port. Pr we .0 'al...al A an Wenn e &nay. Co Pa e ern el nelepteWala on 012ner en .ni peen ar the, PePaJt *eon POIIPIArninon 044.lware or ion* onsb nu nobinel • .4•4.nr4.1 a en *Her WINO, 
ie. 0... pen.. a• us al si, in...44 .....rots. ThanioetIoniace an etym. on0.0Vonw hall apish:A....MI 
rata* 
liaNyinennoni Sri ism. Mei.] en.or . a......-.., %mew. 8.04•11.4.4.. roil*. to..une 
y"...”.....,(neno...a.....
......r.MOsth>vswial Roca ROeFtoronnwolv se enirmorIgnnern VA lap t 1.  ringlet OhleninonwoM mil* .00•0••••••• 44,4 ..9.0. ,. wed vel....mitentunftst0O. (ilia.. '.....n...
,
vw.“)..P•ndtr.“.1" 
,. 
" 4 en'ogs, F.la a . a . ...nan•O'^ 0. 0  •-•1 an.*W".....e
, " ...,,,.. P., ^ ., Y.Ining• N.V., no €0 0..."1" 4.S stt.,..nOt elinit..."". 
. t . 0.0,1"n“ ,,ne . 1" ^nd..t....”
.. 
su at. erase a ,...and a patniapa 4..00..14a111n. bonne., emreal ty a* CDC tea 00.wsnmial army 
Pena to..n I., iP apron roves Owe monaoup• re. 1/4,...senporno ).nn an Saner On 
.••••••••.»...N•Oneaqola• peino, saMtern soneset ail I nee Ow twig," I er4 isnianot la va. reernien to earlasen trir pane et...9.nm ereone •retnor ,r yr...,ecemern n enpe1anneulythneedre ...reeubsponcartun 4 by eat 
102010 iPliorpin Wet • Co. 
EFTA00727049

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727050.pdf
----------------------------------------
• • organ 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Asset Mana ement 
Pupped tor Fine.» TAM Co..4 91114y 21 2010 
• 
FX\CSMel6MBIF 
XAGUSD 
183875 
X..» 
1202.5 
GPUSD 
0.145 
US01Pir 
9013 
XPTI150 
15445 
PM. 
462 IS 
CURUSD 
1.2297 
MOP 
53013 
USDOIF 
LIS» 
USDCAD 
1,0518 
EURRI1 
4.069 
uSDNR 
4135 
C4. 4411 3
OrigInal 
C0,0041 
Cuntnt 
Trade Crate 
(Koury Da. 
PrectUn 
Currency 1 
Type 
Nolkual 
'bike 
CurnAcy 2 
Tn. 
Ben. 
Freedom 
Pm.» (%) 
GainDon MO) 
F..» 
54.18,10 
15.1110 
Sought 
ELM 
AA 
12000900 
529» 
050 
Cell 
-S27067300 
.2.154% 
59.359.07 
312.601 
5.Mar.10 
151110 
Sold 
CUR 
Rd 
12400,000 
1.2400 
050 
Call 
5134.631.00 
1.016% 
.5318,601.93 
(163,921) 
9148,10 
11/110 
Sold 
CUR 
Call 
13.200200 
1.3200 
050 
Put 
515071060 
1.195% 
-S23.103.97 
I34607 
tipsy» 
11.Moy.11 
Sought 
1PY 
Put 
10.000200 
93.5000 
050 
Cell 
447099000 
4.700% 
5374.144.07 
195150 
II.Mar.10 
11.May. 
Sold 
1. 
Call 
10.003,000 
93.5000 
050 
Put 
Gem. KI DIMS 
547090000 
4.70016 
.5597,136.13 
(127.336) 
OP.» 
13.1.14y.11 
Sought 
ELM 
DA 
10.000200 
12450 
050 
Cell 
449000000 
-4950% 
56203.39 
125.307 
PP.» 
PUP" 
Sold 
CIA 
Cell 
10.00020 
1.2450 
050 
P. 
Call El • I. 
54900090 
4150% 
.54.74431 
90251 
13.400 
13.Mar 1 I 
Bought 
GIP 
DA 
10.003,000 
04425 
USD 
Call 
.549500090 
4.95051 
556D613.73 
60859 
»Pep. 
»pert i 
Sold 
GBP 
Call 
10.000200 
1.25 
050 
RA 
Call KI • LP 
5490005010 
4150% 
-5499.3#9.10 
15.631 
06.9 FX Optima 1.1.444.1. 
Ci•Dilnel 
PIONS 
Curnel 
Teas Oat* 
Wry Cub 
Prat» 
Catnap I 
TAP 
Iltiderta. 
Straw 
C~x 
0004 
8anAt 
Pnimhan 
~um 
(1) 
Prierepti 
GaiN1.4.0750 
16Gpn10 
17Jun.10 
SAW 
X V 
W. 
5:00 
Call 
gEp.K101065 
95,00020 
7.00
5090 
850»
°Pm Commodity 05440441411194».4 
s 
115.990 
Find Income 
. 
• 
. 
. 
InenW 
I/ ?Ate ID 
014.16,17 
< '. 1--e...0 let 
.54112500 
5.000900 
524 
050 
/.000‘ 
0/214,ZOIO 
9049444 
9225 
90.13 
006.210 
174Am» 
25500.1.% 
Beholues Do V« .51.754,250 
00010 
3.52 
050 
4900% 
WA 
511,909 72 
70.170 
6043 
0383. 
3A.» 
I901.15 
Red MOW OS 
1196.957 
20000) 
3.97 
UP 
7.000% 
WA 
52.10 CO 
99470 
94.50 
(9,957) 
12440740 
01-14h11 
Fo0:1 MAW feed -55.1.500 
5.000.000 
0.4J 
7.375% 
WA 
512496525 
102850 
10300 
7.507 
114,04.10 
1310/2033 
Kt 
MoIon Laauktal .53A00.000 
10050,000 
4.31 
050 
11375% 
WA 
9.00 
38000 
33.50 
14540001 
23.04.10 
014Ap16 
IA 
Ce Ceett,Inc 
-54.721:00 
5.000.000 
4.69 
050 
7.000% 
07/14M10 
521.361.11 
9450 
59.54 
1247.907) 
21.Mapt0 
1544n.11 
Ford Paw CAM .5500400 
5.050,00 
0.03 
USD 
5.507% 
WA 
561,19922 
100.00 
10031 
2050) 
weRnlls 
Trade Date 
29104A10 
Matuilty 
02.19/1040 
SIP RAIN 
Comps, 
OKA 
Am OPP C41141• 1.
Shres 
0.000 
4rrµy 
050 
Coupon 
OAK 
Open Find Ma,» 949.401Aedrat 
Not Call CAate 
inclatry 
01/0145 
Plnygal 
Entry Leal 
25.00 
i 
11,09.635) 
Ctn. Prke 
Galn44.1/50) 
2327 
1692.0001 
2111/.10 
02.19..2040 
BM% 
1pm Chaw Capital ltai4 
POP 
USD 
6.70% 
02.0..15 
Finie»I 
24.95 
2327 
1622000/ 
Opel ~pro> IA•r1101.1.». 
0.364100) 
...514.0911erd 
Trade D.14 
»tufty 
Comp's,/ 
antes 
Noboru' 
Cunarµy 
Cntrl Pk. 
Cvnrni Prka 
Cx0Nlian (050) 
0404.10 
IDDeul I 
LSEOMdmdlNOmtll 
.2. 
5499.993 
EVO 
11210 
9.10
1.424. 
I244'10 
21-D0-12 
SPE DIUdend cut Dec12 
56261 
0999171 
CUR 
11330 
94» 
(0051.303 
13.May.10 
21.0012 
LSE 0116.0 rut0412 
54050 
5.0000(0 
CUR 
1000 
94,40 
132%3164 
00. luro5ton Dividend Itiek•OAlarktt 
Pat 
EFTA00727050
--- PAGE 2 ---
I"IT 
ga 
Global Investment Opportunities 
Group 
Position 
Asset Mana ement 
OTC Derivatives 
Summary 
Prepared tor Financial Tnnt Co. RE cd May 212010 
Cuiroot IX a Cessoilly rots 
XAGUSO 
18.3875 
XAIAIS0 
1202.1 
GBPUSD 
I.45 
VSDIPY 
90.83 
XP11/50 
1554.5 
%MSC 
462 15 
(1151/50 
1.2297 
V5DCLP 
53083 
Trick Oat 
Coma., 
En 
Cuinixy 
0Mdad TICK 
Irontry 
Entry Prier 
Carta Mcc 
GaineLon (VSO) 
9.40,40 
&Mob Via isoldess Corp 
2.000 
VSO 
0.03% 
ltIlt Mitteleti 
$21 00 
I 4.1.4at.10 
Solar catralltd 
13,000 
USO 
11.34% 
Ferierssal 
522.07 
14.1.0y.10 
%amok Hoiek & Amami 
2t000 
USO 
0,00% 
Floindal 
5460 
i a4.48)-10 
MAW, Eiworf LP 
1250 
V50 
7.70% 
Eat,/ 
55.55 
S1SJS 
S 
1.)33) 
52128 
$ 
114284) 
5423 
4,600 
55532 
(5,277) 
Coin Eptity Marta441ailot 
$ 
os.sirt 
Total IINunl 
Trade Pate 
Effective Date Mettotty Date 
Undettria 
ltalli
ii
iiir
MM
En 
23410 , 40 
21585.40 
21140,41 Goldman We 
0'9 
20.003 
Jmt 
29.00e.10 
444440 
29.8a.11 Goldman Salo 
Lag 
83.000 
amt 
Spear (bps' 
”:
"Ci  
InItnbY 
Entry Ritz 
Gina Price 
GalreLimM1750) 
mina 
0.41% 
11.206.420 
Pommel 
5160.42 
514.20 
1327.057) 
045% 
43,14020 
54,775,970 
Finarsial 
5119.199 
514820 
(451110) 
Opn, tow 
^ Sn•Ps Mattao-Marte 
S 
(m4167) 
SWIM PAW 
Trade Date 
Matrty 
Effecthe Wile 
lloliocol 
Currency 
Dt-.019ton 
Ford Rate 
tom 
unwind Iltl
ass (U% 
maw. i 0 
21.4r.12 
21-MOR11 
13000000.000 
CLP 
Ittc PrAlioyilt 
6.150% 
54414.23 
,Air.10 
294.4512 
29.Mil.11 
13,000.000.030 
0) 
Rot Rea! flt 
4.150% 
(1433.37 
4055% 
Mid 
4.111% 
(1.165) 
Opt. Inco. a Pala Sw.0144lark.1.54.1adirt 
111989 
Orcirial 
0650.8 
Cram 
Cumini 
Trod* Deb 
hay 
0:151kirl 
NOtIOnel 
Curving 
Descsiptta 
198141414 
Goinetois N50) 
Praia. 
Pamir. Cr%) 
Premium 
Renton (%) 
31.104r40 
304.6.10 
Sold 
508000000 
u50 
Swaphon 
4310% 
5136.000 
1.36% 
4430,743 
6.307% 
$ 
I494,73) 
13.045/.10 
144r.10 
Sold 
514000,00) 
use 
Swaption 
4310% 
1124000 
1.25% 
.5199,411 
1,994% 
$ 
1474,411) 
244.18,10 
26-101-10 
Sold 
510.000.000 
050 
5•545.on 
4350% 
909.000 
9.09% 
.5475.485 
6.755% 
233.512 
28.May40 
134559.10 
Sold 
SERCCOACO 
use 
Stvaption 
4210% 
5545000 
1.45% 
.5579,941 
5.799% 
$ 
134941) 
Can Svaptlom IA•rk4o4lorkst 
970.383) 
018.8 OTC positions Mick.ORMIletlit 
O 3516270, 
owes pall/ tins Gant 
(;117,5375 
Toss polka* 0•1644. 
1M 
JP Mora, mom Our 4a ..win... 
roi a inn. 5554%1 %flan Caro4 RAP Menia a.. • 0 a. ad -0 0.120140000, 0010 At lama caii on. ii.i. as AL lira hut co . Ka inrasa to a raC It laans.cianisc no 
• 
m anna n naw Rot RR t RR... ten caw Rtites. ins Rows. inthRta :Obi it ER teoRettivrat non toe /WA UK 0 60100‘ 0.40.0.0 Os SR nn own* wit. coRn bteinaitnn et Rnaronuttoter *unit 
R. t e..n0 • RIP no tad IR ,natt.naR, OteRt. aRentni mit‘RnsiOrtti, RRni hUr..... “...W , in, ft...Wad .0 .."...vai 4,.... ,..S.,,,,Cugai ba 1. in•••4 .' , r 1....”.^. 01.. 1. 14.". ....“^‘ aeakm.,,"<• 10.1. 0. ,  .. 
•I. 4  i•••d . [...ISO. Inn.. COM. Venni ,Ix fin( Arta• Ce al.r., C0.0.0004.00asc000,•00.1074.00 •sd .0.00.000Np Mil annul.. Osnputive000 'Sna nu.rn Nan .....a. tn. ears k a. ItIndo4 abr.V. a 
tuna fog .04 00000001Se 00 ntr.0.4 00000a Rattitte titan .145 Rot sr 0.00. 00 .00060. in 0 100J• 00J glon ei Ws nytt. nail 4. 0. 10 0cal harem, Nate Ana 00004 Man a so a ..0.0...0.0 . RiRntta opet. *Ran ages, to 
Sit. 400. V.000:44 groMbil tens WO Minya en TIM dab) gas0, 011. tion.00.de u00, 0.100 turarromtotAtn0.00 Wo damn guars OW a If efteri 500 v404 iio too mutat. • 4 tot.. aM Roponntnti tenet' .....t.einen Ran ORII Rale". Otinnd 10 
Re p.p.:Rot nap r•tattg watostea. T•e0010.•.#4.neass oinnw a...a ow. ......., mask/. tsd nen can tno sawn.. O. awn • k 0 O. 000 • Ult...aL.4 *.motes. 048.....5,5...as.o....s.ciaiiiase.4 451.4,55,,....4 %54. 
401•01041.0b 00 6000 0000.00 01, 0 • e.torsctl 0 00r0.0014y Ed, oare. 0 treat n). R UN and try Tv MK o• an 9100.0.4001pInnniy. 
Meat catati toot P. vol. Infra IR* teintstna re Ay Rik, nlonvonn ctrtgatty ...n.teittbc. 
1, 004002 0 1 4 IP 00101.0.00100010011000001.301.000L pony in pr40010.00 0040011.0 400/0.erstooa co ookatia by owe oar Or IV 01454514. a8515514 it>0.00.0 00. 0 400. Set !visor new,*. inv.. with ono rein" it In 
ma. 
(CI 20501Ma0pn Chme• Co 
EFTA00727051
--- PAGE 3 ---
• • T organ Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
USOPY 
9053 
USOCLP 
530.81 
US011411 
4635 
Asset Mana ement 
Prepared for IlnarKlal Trust Co. as of laws 28, 2010 
OpriatIX•Ccentocity 
%44M 
ISMS 
441.11)50 
1202.5 
GOPLI50 
1.445 
/01TUSD 
1546.5 
IUDU50 
452.15 
EUWSO 
1.2247 
V30ENi 
11566 
USDCOD 
l05111 
EURN 
4,059 
• 
One." 2 
l 
Origi& 
Male 
%ploy Dale 
Okedion 
Curraxy 1 
719e 
Star 
Ointmly
.
l i 
Origina 
Ow Out Date 
*Mona, 
Raman
PIOITOLIT (%) 
2041p'10 
2040.41 
13%19% 
MX 
Cell 
7.50%000 
29000 
EUR 
Nt 
1344µq 
.200,75000 
3.210% 
20api.10 
3049i41 
Sold 
PUN 
Put 
740%000 
3.9000 
OUR 
Cal 
1344040 
20%75000 
3.2/0% 
24,4111-10 
2.101.10 
Sold 
NOK 
Coll 
400%000 
9.0400 
GOP 
Put 
1344%40 
51%1147.95 
1.510% 
S64µ10 
04.1..10 
Sold 
SRI. 
Put 
$0.003400 
110500 
USO 
Cal 
1344µl0 
3102,00000 
1.030% 
1944%.10 
19440, 10 
Bought 
IHR 
CO 
1%000.000 
44.5000 
US0 
Put 
1944µq 
.$93.000.00 
.0.930% 
laws..
,
%Ede 
harriurn 
97.500.00 
44475000 
-5170.994.40 
4373,000.00 
SOLO 
Galnixes0/101 
ORM% 
(510.4191 
57.547) 
(271.0,3, 
193.0.%11 
Goad }X Colin Itist.464.19tat 
OP99.19044) 
'IA Woe...no Hr.' 'v.. nasorn nine 1r Ow rant %Han imam casing iP. yawn PqO Gard oe. %%Orin ovorlhnee. Jr %wpm Owe larl.. Pi% ardir Norge Mal 0,111A me nat.'', al aw rat 11 Mrp. Mena hi. UPIOnn• 
w•OrJpefwYw1 Ned t•One 4.4. one ,41.441•4477.4414.44.4es 11.111 nee !Mn Oralr.nnrin1W40.51PC 1.4010m "Ism Per ;Co Ivy oprateversnalhaolt•Otamn ...ninm•Pert (sae. 
IIM bltanis tan isva0i01..Mrnibinl poems oMy inPr a mproglo ;Iv ...It Winona,  warn., mg...rap rrof rt attune rg Ovarna•Ln.. niolni PA nal land la re mitetk narld winsorti
corMinvicia unryWur• o• 
elYnAn. a termpl to br n140%. Pa tub not onympr4 decenlitneur aocny Oanors se nenatnantebteamjkoran ad re Vein latiwnir.al.on nxt um , •11 pOrneve nmi ...Wheal Asopirsn" ma notinfl a nat.ntinle4.4.allt• a 
sell0Ww..lwr.r0awialeel refl....00 we'rovveril T.. Neer tolus •••••11.•• 0114elainlm.arnn rwy,iallis signen. AIL conirbrInite a Ow ini.oe..ennaft el re mar OsiwnP4 hero.... all ae ram.n.qmonnlorjet *Hwy In* Is 
n...1••••• vaboornromninten poor rnnees en neenglneeled %awn% us ran al/avionternailnnnen Vtewrolporeln4w14/1twl inn %%1.1Ne le weratalavitonOneard rannlanol vemolnIronns Ion One %%Kobe earn, 41 
Ititirmpnro, ••••varelunaMnn. Firrl Mu, ••• erstiv1/40.0.• arelar.lte, nion,,nutinino ••• toin un be roalwane inpunatren co reel. .le nitro". r.roltirsom arof the NiontinseRt Olinil. or worrew*4 "0
 'NW Ira 
et.% denote tni rino..77.0pucto.ttortni 0.90•.8.1.1111.1•01••• w1.00...0, ow Ihrittettl Win PDS to ere tewnetelat rte. 
litartWlial )0/ JP Farp.W.0•11.w. wonnaNynee h. ..... te thrreV0,11•••••••ft•I le, trallr, 
IN. hk111•11.• A lb' ...a. unit. 
',gaga.. 0.., g 4 a...4 sy ern  to othinenenrceeeiteeele, Om um. amt.," 4. esitaiin try bryor•enna. to •4134.00 • POKII la It SO.11500.• Ila 0 *.w....* .1.6. ad. weer livontowi, ea4 mt eve l4 
ill 
(CI 2010 09.10.13,  One 4 CO 
EFTA00727052
--- PAGE 4 ---
JPMorgan Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Asset Mana ement 
Papered for 'tamlel Trust Co. ea at Mel 29.2010 
allett Me 0,110110111111180S 
YAGUSD 
183875 
YAUUSD 
12025 
ow= 
1445 
ID01PY 
9063 
MUSD 
15461 
XtOUSD 
462.15 
EURUSO 
11297 
USCCU. 
13083 
V10CM1 
11544 
USOCAD 
1.0518 
CURRM 
059 
MOOR 
4635 
' 
Trade Oat 
(e4441 Me 
44444' 640
blepl 
TfR 
Ileawr01O 
RAW 
CurenO' 2 
TYPe 
Leffler 
Originel 
Origin/A 
*anent 
Ge Mom MN 
Premium 
Premium IS) 
nrsiuM 
4a. Is, 
oz.p.roo 
SCd 
XIp 
M 
10OO 
525 
1150 
C41I 
5144000,40 
$14.00 
-1 
$ 
125.090) 
°m49 C4a°0061Y 09thess lAmett03-1•141114 
$ 
6. 80, 
D. Swan Pomo any Ines noun. Sal. to no geltsu net." Wit., aro acil et AP mem. Crag see, ad A eatendem mentetie it mrinChaa ark e4A .4 II Meg. flux Co. e4A ar netts% II ienOIC JP Sinn 1“ an Inc WNW. • 
mow al the lox Vat text Cathy., era wee resew sea loon nowise 1.149 mw. tram ailet mite IWASCOft li bed Oa IftbitiwoMme lea • rarecone• ainualcier tetlat-CIShin Of ...sew asamereemw 
Thy Wk.., e beg meth. la alemeeenIrepme.44.44044.-nmiern Mawr envoi keewertentia4.40•01tHialr /44fPf 45.14porreng tarns/inn 
rn.0.41.044 4e4nmiel to eery eneer04 rake ktrA4n4.0Aene4b. emintatern 441.444ore or 
eiereski. .4 0444r4 ion meet& OM ne Os nil ••••••41.04eneWeire yr own. Coin...al eon/fest...0Mo onofinri
 ail we saMdt•Pniwe' 40 ^0 .. iNiglek,"^......tn
, c0 ..."
0-a nab """
01. 0 1' ,.."
1....
,  as ,  01/4,  . 
fokaaen ha IM girdle co shad ony enrwal reOunril. lew It.. 
On*, mt. 1.41' allniOn oml ',Sorra me MO • µAT watt mm i 41 .4.0 •••••• 4.mm*. imenarb el ey nw• 0 sot. honn a 40.4r4owykk eberet. sr& 10.• X POMO. I" 
Yoh tam V4µ4n ranted nflal in 
alnolige.0w *ON wall., nem men gym effete, 444tarreacnitnehert Mnou•A piety! SI Ofkrin pxn......miler•••••tle tenger. 444 Nora tne mend Wares 6444.44wsoonefire *lawn) kw 
04• memo, not re; reeekr4ukeleteni Test re. erg sone, lel re.4.414.441rien !ewe. nor IA roe owe co. no smut 
8141 eine 'mew o . 44. 44444,441,444 neal4plgnanjFwonte.l4AYY.eOa.nome
, Wt n0.4nOmI.014e44 
pin eel fl
ab re in roleblyeeare 0.n...ewe or pewter, be. reter. ce loft ey. we ion moonier en MK ye aryyrenvvrense 
new weal pen 4 r. marvel n kyle *ea retneense• ler heOw eihnovien or .11 4. 649•44 04444044,
Tew4nWlµa Ise eknekrvie al lee pinto le when II nakkeemeL 4.41410W relapterof erhernel kre4oe.04.0 440 ,... 4 4.0sove ey snorer cow ,44. 04441,•••• ......ent 
or no ene** 844.4,44. 444e,4 44,4 8 . 4•44e..W.M.S..”"•••••W 
MR 
NIG 
cvse sc. 
EFTA00727053
--- PAGE 5 ---
J P Morgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Asset Mana ement 
Prepared for Finacedel Inst Co. in al My 28, 2010 
Ointelt Me 077110110111111105 
XAG1151) 
183875 
XAUUSD 
12023 
GIIPUSO 
415 
1/50)PY 
900 
MUSD 
isas 
XPOUSD 
40.15 
EURUSO 
12297 
USCCLP 
53093 
050C141 
115I6 
USOCAP 
1051$ 
CURR.11 
1019 
USp4R 
4635
POWS 49101903 
Conan Spot 
Contract 
Trade OPP 
EaPby 
Ikeatit 
leatiored 
5210 
Irbil 
!Dana
Fcrsard Rate 
Gosc Out Owe 
UnvAnd Platt 
G3Intess MN 
31441.10 
4.00-10 
IOW 
10.975.500.000 
1PY 
500.000.007 
121100 
12.1930 
14.10, 10 
314.6a.10 
5.00..10 
CAD 
10,200000 
1PY 
934320.020 
91.7500 
91.6000 
14.047p10 
2644,•10 
304.e.10 
11244 
aonco 
GIP 
7.0)0000 
81850 
9014 
MAW 
6.Ape.10 
104..n.10 
*NC 
63099.000 
GP 
7,204000 
9.970 
9.1270 
0641My 
16.4a-10 
20-011.10 
MR 
446.500.000 
MO 
10.000.000 
442(00 
446500 
064Way 
28.04a.10 
6.Aup.10 
CAP 
5.900.005 
IPY 
464.350,000 
929175 
922700 
0643ay 
2840P10 
PPAPIO 
CAD 
5.000.000 
MA7 
5.26319 
01215 
03214 
204MY 
11982 
93.35 
92421 
92425 
46.12 
MS 
02700 
171.406 
19/365 
1257.5461 
1114196/ 
1315.71.1 
roams) 
227.250 
0014411averml COMM% Ihitt4PISM 
/$92009111 
.11. lipinin Ina. Gale% es 'inane tam tee nopissie erary tunnarelatiel ep Al.IbresnOss stall a sabiffidem wentAtio It farinCssw ark ma all AI. Mug. thaCe, P.M re n51
 el ii•VOIC I P. ildergn Imulilei wt OTAIO as 
mooted el tholGrnaterlextexhrqnraotwe noletal ant infs., tectrem. 11145 I... trebiailist ante FAO. SVC listdOstlftleive.D.P.• Sc. eta, opt aro aineu Dem trauccishon or ...um. Wang nitin 
The 1101.4ron lamp porgellw nlinrng.e' Segel. Mt O.0t, .m.rogern More nivel arearenaporanee Pea neap. awl rat ruenternag Manareemn athel.10 at. erne, te anyone...aft, petal proderik Parapb.I.Pararre teloanom or 
eAngle..Ipaingl la In .04.a Ott mOnni .......1 obametaisl e, fun. Cv....n1enetnunlerni es /Or. M we samd Is Owtnve•40.0.. ftg 1^,,,,......4"Ma. 
V ,n,n....,, "^"Oni•inininaa.".
". 
>vi l/sonlig toepothere yea., arry Mow.. nlywnr.l. ilw try". Ord, anitr new Oka.. averispee. my, 144 • parbr w ail arreld mar ••••• ,rareentrinbei ay.... eanswe hem co oda trofronnr. •birmt ops. whew.. lend. Iv 
WI. war Wfrionsint•Onl id*, in &men, aw dArbli wombed Mtn mit. n yet. Maur vininattm“...A.M• xe•ot p•mantie INS ofkmnt pvis.voilmil In ante olsireAwn.0.wroAthil worts voioners Immotp wont, in 0.4nial kw 
PM aremel man. niverpipkanom !rearm, eroMaapplel pa* ae bawd upa aeteea ...area ad eat tae be ae maninerilhe Mx papa . Paw la moiral neattpiOn• otlawn..4”400.0knigymonwofri.erSufrywnolooll,nb. 
ono t IngrA, awl ay.4. Lot • pOta 0.e i ',I I , . W w pv•artrelt v. re boa . Ift.k. ro.d.e der natOkt the MC*. •,, ore
 I art, 
Mimi...a no). 14tecon PnerotetirliTesrnan for kn.. nharonc. gnireall....,......a,
Tit ...Henn la ay Kin.. eel ...prirso•Am eineetragt ominlyerp,onirJaftl geMtlertel art a. 00, Iran% ig entroson try innernow isni.eon•ae• nisolaisd Pen namrthsi. owl. the WO. new.. ernithoity in, setv.eibt 
ma 
ta 2010YMpr9n CN494 
EFTA00727054
--- PAGE 6 ---
IPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
USCOPY 
9083 
USI2CLP 
53083 
1150111* 
4635 
Asset Mana ement 
Prepared la Foamlel Tnnt Co. et at May 28 2010 
One* IX A Omm%_y19b1 
X&GUSD 
183875 
XDUUSD 
12025 
GIIPUSO 
1445 
MUSD 
15465 
%MUSD 
462.15 
DAUM, 
1)297 
11500* 
11556 
1150CAD 
1051$ 
EURPtio 
4099 
Trade Got 
yet, 
Coapfrl 
Pares 
Sines 
Currency 
prided raeld Cara CPA Oat 
industry 
0.4,), pay 
LYrw1M MV 
Ca edam wso 
Gatiel0 
111K Deal 
relay rereess 1.3143as A 
5.000 
050 
1333% 
FWD, 
Vslystlal 
512.25 
512.09 
15001 
13.4a.10 
DV Equity 
Enough. Pedals Pavan 
2500 
USD 
6.75% 
11.4pr 10 
Emily 
535.55 
536.56 
180prolo 
MPH Equity 
*OW Proptortqflnal Int 
10.000 
050 
6.41% 
15-Apelo 
Floax101 
59.75 
59.9478 
1375 
15.0a.10 
RISC Equity 
Keret Really Crap 
;500 
USD 
4.27% 
15,46610 
finantial 
534.03 
538.44 
UN 
7101-10 
Mn Ego, 
Mgt, Properly Cap 
5.500 
1/50 
0.27% 
lelprol0 
Floax101 
527.50 
527.13 
1.511 
Meade 
DG Equity 
Della General Corp 
6003 
USD 
P00% 
15,46610 
Cerriurrosstgelk 
527.03 
527.21 
617 
21437e10 
ISID Mutt 
fait ProtostmentC0P 
DOW 
1150 
0.00% 
1541prol0 
Insetlif 
510.13 
Min 
1.100 
229soto10 
sat11. Matt 
Patel litteorts Cap 
14.000 
050 
0.00% 
11,90pr-10 
TectaC4DZE 
51460 
512.45 
121.312) 
18.0te.10 
AVIV Equity 
APol/71rwesuneet Cap 
19.000 
USD 
10.79% 
21,44/610 
17u/trial 
512.43 
512.27 
IMMO 
2987P10 
SW Equity 
90nornolsonancal Corp 
100.000 
05, 
1.35% 
294pr-10 
rieencla 
52.75 
53.01 
26.000 
20.ap.10 
KW Equity 
Kan.. Coy Southa a 
6000 
USD 
P00% 
2DApr.10 
lesatrial 
SIM 
SO.01 
2.612 
2900/.10 
MG Witt 
Po 147ttralGa Storage 1.0 
1507 
1150 
0.0)% 
294pr-10 
EeD9Y 
521,50 
323,25 
6.119 
4.11arl 0 
UM Equity 
KOCI*1 Maga+ Energy Man 
USD 
6.74% 
2/44p0a0 
Envy 
1.66.25 
565.0) 
0.2401 
8005 
i3.1491.10 
ND WO 
IterezteGenbenson Promotes 
5300 
050 
5.96% 
27/4pr-10 
FInsoxIS 
511,50 
511.05 
025 
0.12e/.10 
TNAV Equity 
Tal.naa4 
800) 
USD 
P00% 
2540610 
Caernunicationi 
WM. 
1,934 
4,012 
141.1e/.10 
GIP Eepals 
Getty Realty Corp 
10000 
USD 
8.50% 
20.1.1ay.10 
Finandal 
572.03 
521.01 
(8.203 
1540P10 
MAC US 03R2/10 C40 [wily Mocedch Corn* 
•220 
US0 
Coll 
21./.14y.10 
narcial 
52.0, 
540), 
44.000 
ISater.10 
WC (DUD 
Worries GAS 
22.000 
USD 
DM% 
21-May-10 
Randal 
541.00 
521.95 
03,100) 
brolly %ate Morklo-Weast 
NAM 
-Jt P. 14eicon PneS• Orr a Ow relkeeqs •••.• kw 1.. ir•ol• batty balm. tenhatal It ,.e rantoncrow • ta ea avertsrosee sage. or woe paw Dn. as ea tr. Um*. tioot(a Ito n••••bal.e.01C 0r. lincon socvne,..‘ teses4 • • 
maw el dr Wm Yea leateakrao red why reeera red olopera secearoa Pia Isisostre.toianlit nate FACOVC li bed 0., IN4orpito,.. It. fray epos aineu ear enseislw et innownnmee, ray.. 
Tow Meer. 7 tare Paean. aleaeneros sopa. airmen. erase,. se ,,,,,,,,p,.. genera... geed a de grasp ea rareexasomoseterretraserotthaty ea au sorted es wergeratet rat oriasoarq ussaaaresnerrascat ripener. to 
geonese t bawd Iota totrUk bus arab nal warms onseressernas es wanes, optas, oar sardraraweassostran ad a newts asap, Mere. nage Pia Netter.. Is 1.24 INS tn. CL tunic Huh. Ito fa MeV III 0011tNeed a Meese . 
.kran..... ,.. 00......
4.°1•••••••.-0....... 
ra•teta.-d•an.^1,.. ,0* ern... nd 0,0.0. ^., Nig • 1.•11....a . 0.. 4. 1. 1........e.O
.h.......
,.. ,... 4.... 4.•.. , .....
,4 •6nbr. 0,..m. PP... as.... kaki.. 
Dan Ian, V a I' u• I ,i• 4 0..41•4 'Owe r a al Inalti 01 Oa Weld V•01•4 1•••• Wein no./ ancwvart.atem.anen vo. Cana Suns  .W Oftreve5 1.101.4.111,41 00 ...ten eimr Ow* 04 ...y. INS ...ea nu.en treer.Otin•Teron t. dna NJ ite 
0.1,11.....naN o.N(....“1“ ,.... Tag. On. va nacos' oat% a wed ultal onnith Owl
 va inn lo M to st.errannn ow via. a ow... 00...44 Ise euerraes Mile egress era "era a taearrass4 .louse molar ears 
My Me en... as are, ota<psee. 0...ecsi a o.n.o.., ei err ewe a pat gas a nn aural, / too IDE DrreDeo•Dorered 140W 
fl.......-' (Oa II. Sege II ht. CAM Meant.. Kt Nethmey,lensas. ce *porcine all litphianCrk 
Th• aNtenypen A ler ton W. tam or stop.. Ci sten nn sayonol • NS moo- Ma poi at4 0.013)21 4 A3/4  a datritniae, .44.... 
%Anon* MN/ 'Pan 114,41.0u. II r5.41.0d Vt. nem. Won 0.1, 144,01. 'ant itoonenaw•aelevam nan. II Do 
nes. 
K1 nal totaeqsacsae a co 
EFTA00727055
--- PAGE 7 ---
J P Morgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Asset Mana ement 
Prepared lot Finn., Trust Co m at May 262010 
OIMMt Me COMMOilylltel 
X&GUSD 
103075 
X4UUSD 
I 202 3 
WIPUSO 
la4S 
USCOPY 
9063 
XPTUSD 
1S46S 
XPOUSD 
462.15 
EURUSO 
12297 
USCG. 
53083 
USOCW 
I 1546 
USOCAD 
MI6 
CURRM 
400!) 
MOOR 
4635 
IlPs 
Main 
Trade D.4
PA MuMT 
Plotkmal 
Currtrat 
DcsoMtlen 
fl
 ale
Gem Out DMe 
GaMtom 015D) 
DaM 
m10 
1544m1I 
150M-10 
500.000.000 
USD 
mM 
0015% 
16.44MIO 
S 
1121200 
SJa..10 
154/4.11 
1SMomf0 
SO0OOMOO 
USD 
MA 
15856% 
16.4p.10 
S 
IMAGO 
Goma Mk IlialcoMertit 
I 
156000 
nP. Maw. Mix Ilsn'A to mime. tam Ca no ritau twit." WO., wohaoll en a Marest.C.d. • C., awl a vetelnem aNtlf•AN IP MentinOtio ark NA enS CO Wpm t•ta Co, NA ar. nets, 
iNiorOIC JP ildnin locuniN PA 4.0.60 a • 
Imaby el its Mw mm text Cameam am emonwimm memnammmamm I8109 is iii•treAvabl..Noter IM1A/D.SPC I, 1,0011). IMAM., Ma lea My Open writ. CihN !Pat ban es ems..a au." rms. 
11m tolbor4k are MM4,4 Mt etimname pamms Celf mem Aroma*. is. Me mina NA.WeNOIN.CO-Nted Nth* ilaNala NA ow acmipte.4. devanesaa.41Nhalt. Su nu wenn m ben tan. 
natot auw.N.s camel, 
colfmNitNt caaNancns.} 
,NoNnvia. A bawd wil••••••Uk b. Ave. MI l•WatilitlCCANSIOIMPR a Kann', CO tarn pr....Ov
.loin. 
as Olpsin afar. ntial a eine AS./ necks PattrinanaNc• • La NASA. ce tun miry IN. naNty 4 rot an.,' 
nut,. 
c. 
rich". 
11. te•ponve. et Me ottery lintail INuteone Ito Nam bar% seat. if AI ensaan•weroo.n.n.” rola • Catlin... 
arts...Man 
'IN If ••••.1 rnif unoni of be, imste4Nadnowl• a as a u•I•Autoe. Ob./NS so.. seas a lord*. to 
INCh hart memo.' mmilod ad... ma 6.1.1•MiM 04 Said M. Ma Mon row um. antwrawommatmnim me MIMI tame.. OA ONINNS INIOINtarinoi boasalitt•ohnAver ma mope. LP. waif a Alia e . Inn NMm lootn M as uNN4 It. 
ON powealf nary enNntakitruna 
Tos. prim Nil otaaN4 'NIA an 1.04 41.010,1•WIN al
 bed IP...scan...0 NutartaiMIlhow VG, ft 'ION. cr. A. is's.' 
To 014.W.NN RAS an woakow•Nterovect co ncenmerlereauf na 4.11.1nnf• 
at ortikv7.0 ea nNtstilpross al.a rant., or pstortypn, re tr.., loft em wr ow !inseam, IM IPCK or arAweintonfse 
Momommt pro° r maim, mmie am mermememrfor Immo, Mammon or ntimMi reflamosn 
MomfomMor, la Immkomfueprimommentinmidamt imimmimprmImplaNimlamml an lar.0**Onn N OKI Arlen II inner* OM Ihrol....)PannisoNWNI. Ppm mom thimimm MMT mAil new.. 
mme4Mtbrinl Mar el Mr 
Mit 
20101MMIgn Clem 6 Co 
EFTA00727056
--- PAGE 8 ---
JPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Asset Management 
Pepared for finamIsl Trust Co. not May 2S, 2010 
Once Me Casnoncely fetes 
XliGlal) 
113575 
XOUSD 
12025 
GIPLSO 
1415 
USVPY 
9043 
WTUSD 
1546S 
XIOUSCP 
462.1S 
EURUSO 
12297 
US,XL• 
13083 
USOCIN 
1.1546 
USOCAO 
10515 
CORKS 
4059 
USOINR 
4635 
Plmed Mama 
Trade Oat 
maturay 
SoP &Vim] 
Pap.ir 
UAW USO Cost 
Fah AmiCall 
Duress 
Canary 
Capon 
Om, Out Pale 
Entry Intl 
(trent MO 
Winton 0.171)) 
I 
504.14 
I 
Jr% 
S. 
Cab 
C 
' 000.040 
1.000.00, 
57l 
10D 
2.750% 
IF•pc-10 
100.00 
102.31 
S 
25042 
Gaud Red Imam WitioNa4tel 
i 
25,042 
MONA nal. Can' A es mi.
, . mn• ?Or larlau 
tunas, taoaapeoactai w AP ......C.,,• 
• Cc, awl 4..14,11.na eattAtio it meniatahau ant NA aS D. Mew twat*, NA narrow. a ...roc 
m P. 1.40. Scant. 
Whilon • 
nweibn al uw ...Yen. Y.i trnMarrard erbre non. memo... in.secon Phi si.eireeneto..n...
11.50.11‘. talklan.II.Poynthpc5 Ca network atones 
itaa• *Arna rnstnniettneepertiln 
th • Wpm. a brim torwOelle• nInnisonI res... if I t 4.0t, .n,nrer.lowrowpn. PApw•PIa.corna40 n On minor al at iranarreng OwaproAffor, oszitpi, 00 .0 Pawl lc anysnaPT, a.apt arribop. OPtgarbavOrration Jalapa of 
aawlei. 4 Oel.al Is a maga& Name; ea Peal obameletnel yr .p.aa Cpac moil anotnwelPilaa 
ralinal inf we svtoKI la Oiegewifmk.One Pan piderna• 6 rµ  Masa orlflkor Pod, IM note. a nal nInclnlnan ghee 
aplanyien la lapponher o seal any •Parvol ail•unal. Ilwilaav Ord, anditr pa anneal, ia/faVortana NO • Reba Soil 0.440 nolo .. fa 4mecrei nwrintp.. aerym.• eavam..mn co Ma ugronnir..borat ess.mhene or onyl. Iv 
Willman.. ./1.1m....0.4.040 
gra alnol...11,60,MI ...fig 
Mr.. min Frye effm...,aincaitenlenrom Wrunrot p.m,. 
INS OfIncnt smantollmllara•We osmnenecIncrim•thal wand nu/a 
Imre... wpm, W.W.I 
for 
0. Nemo, net nywotniulairion. 'MO rpm onli abgalel relgon Noa/n 
topsoil nor oh NW Ihiregli.114,7•WinCallvi On rasa 
a ahca baala4 neattpone...tlawww.......onienlo.c.....i.A...,.....1,rm. 
inaal *rata! 
ay POLObigates O. o rano! or guar/x.4 ti, at be* es Poratom art ow swans ow MK v. any rormainmi 
P.I......apnr 
.. P. mew. r,......ni !wenn... 
For NM Mangles or ....."..
10...son 
TN, web.sten• iv 04 nOnar al IMpinm• Is "nen tInaltaieL 0.41,114,0•MinVJW•1•11004•Fhil ..../..000nOmet.4......
, Wersnrellw Own Pe of Pan n polaisd Pr. na••• enommn. Sae .10. Ite.....m.04an, 
nem el lry 
mil 
10mp1161aGaOast I Co. 
EFTA00727057
--- PAGE 9 ---
J P Morgan 
Global Investment OpportunItlits Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Pronwo5110( Anandol tont Co. es 421 hey 26 2010 
Asset Management 
CavostrXibatmayiel• 
YAGJSO 
101075 
MGM 
12025 
CANSO 
14t5 
SOGGY 
90/13 
MUSD 
1555.5 
2:20uS0 
SLIS 
WOAD 
02W 
NOW 
51601 
USW* 
1.1566 
uS061/2 
11610 
Lubin 
4093 
trICant 
4635 
nada O.. 
hsn's 
bona. 
licricnal 
c, nen
nekton,
" 
,.., 
Sr. 
014lol 
Orignssi 
Comm 
Go. ON dys 
a...non NW 
Yo.... 
ihon.(10 
Nomi.. 
22, 401.10 
26M.3'10 
SOY 
$10AM.000 
USD 
5•••00on 
4,35)% 
S*2010 
0.10% 
.S1192.100 
3040.10 
21.1.45.10 
Sob 
S10505000 
USD 
5•4011on 
4.250% 
S113A00 
1.135: 
43130502 
30Apr.10 
20.1A..10 
Ic44 
510.03,005 
USD 
Ilwipban 
.4155.201 
la 
NOUy10 
S 
10)2.0201 
20.142, 10 
S 
1267.0301 
11N.10 
I 
IIS505q 
Ogled Semparahtoloto4lotot 
oi
riliaga 
II Vhor Ana VW FOP* nan.i.3 re. Ar 'Pe roes borlu,3 tune teenueinil ly I 1 'Apr DM • Cp. AS OWIVINflandfoa 
IP Wry'. ow two. m• oos II 1.1."4“...M CO. PIA al reels+ $w roc Ire 1.1rgin "swum... IMMO , • ante 
a the Pa. van tract taaninsil seweekani Ow now nouns. son •..... in 4.... sac reore peso. SK hal1.1.. 10/ 4
^ 0,1.
64. eat 0..•••
11.. ,  W.W.I.. deSn.......r...M." 
. 0,v ,
^......,,a3.1ren.41/4 Otodinsor+0 Pane sorinOr a...ma 0 nmo.p..n. Morrvion cons ..e. On pimp al ow alorPein'erarrinion.. ec.Ornbu nrt.rni4 I* el rmirt 
nrrmbit vala..nininin", 
onivnavn. oludl••••• or 
....., 
• . 1 •••d ..b “ . "
U ".“ ..•
 ....*"
. ....
4. 10b..........• 
..., oon on. on ..e.....
121A.o. loner. ea re ntin111 Only ASO. 14.11. 0. OWNInal.ln4.4•4itarla•011a•nm•to. no n.na ....1O.5o1..Alonnusonon 
I. on .../.......na apenrow........ no boy • onIon nA r na • Jona,  n w do, noon nnyal Bonin o n • a a nod. 1. nns Ile Una a Fenn. h nanny 
anand Glean an AAA...n.01 OnnYnayn.GA4•000.0410•401unt 
'Au., 
MAIM/M.O VS* nu mon el ..• *MO vaga.mil ...a ......” n., 0.• a 1 •••••••nttal non Wt yarn pews. fifilMert. 
Intel WM MOM .00k 
•••••••• •94 imenilhi4 umnil Hum ces lentineln•bt 
....nail 47 0.11.11,A0,
.4n:I ...bad .40.10 aft latln✓Mut .1 ailtOs la v..> aro ems4 .4.... n.r...w.t. a •ed liar* a 
to . 
au... 
INI O.u , rpm . aloe. 
be nabs. Ise cavike• .5 ihr.onsnegt *eat et noareerralat Nana. 
Mit a .mitani. as.. 
mil ea non*. 0.. enicerrec. parson, I.
 WS or O....c.o. qn ...tea... no n ...” gooneonn.o. 
14.. can. toa I IP Mayon Pe.. tintopruiays, ini.....vret.• 
c. .rvagalish.,•••1,1. ,
IT • 4 l v rutf.” kiwinna....0•Ornian ran n•asist 
ai ..., be p“.0,.p ni mniatiel 
ANUlkillattalentalan.trufWeahttelMilin40••••••rebrild 
i I fl unicolstrm a sod r obau• toil,,tho wrd• fate... 
m Iran ni by nal 
102010121.4.01o<Nee • CO. 
EFTA00727058
--- PAGE 10 ---
JPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives 
Position 
Summary 
Asset Management 
iteoind 
Ax Poundal Irtnt Co. in td May 211. 2010 
434514046)4•151111110•14 elm 
YAGJID 
1113575 
1A111.50 
12025 
GOPUSD 
ILLS 
USD1PY 
5003 
MUSD 
1546.5 
)210040 
14214 
21.110$10 
1.3267 
UIDCLP 
0601 
U1004! 
1.1566 
US01-40 
1311$ 
21.11010 
4010 
UlD/IR 
4635 
TO011114111/11 
Trot Ores 
511*(Ove 
Lloweily Oa 
14.0.•4`^0
13,09'01!
Sham 
As. 
100 .4d *4.0 
Aanoof 
Cuts 
6%004 
Ird.insy 
tntr, his 
Cord Wk. 
Clamilas (U501 
23402. 10 
20401. 10 
%AOr10 
GOtlm4n 5MM 
1.010 
*000 
3931 
0450% 
1034 
54012.630 
saes), 
5160 
152.70930 
12314425 
bead Te40 SAW. 9•404144444101011 
MIMS) 
lenses 
its* 
awe 
htnal134 
lEtkatret Otte 
26,0onal 
Cunene 
D0011all 
FAccd Pak 
MI 
Ow Out Date 
G.4/Las WW1 
2144pr.10 
30.44..12 
30411"..1 
114..000.000 
USD 
OF 104 
111 
1153% 
$12.603111 
214.14.00 
1506 
men 
ioapnrs 
054.44.12 
05.1.1arl 1 
121000000 
USD 
OF 10* 
111 
1.730% 
512.66061 
214.14.00 
1316% 
$ 
227.030 
Cps 
'Stet 
RS5mM 
61iMAIS 
$ 
MOM 
-.:. 
Trodo Dr 
lamutity 
tlikaire On. 
NoSorw SI 
Goyim? 
Dowd:an 
Paned Asa 
°Aging Goa 
Clow aa V.S 
Closs Out Ogno 
DWI 
keys!
Clalitaa MO) 
Inin 
I 
NepMO 
l'itli
.200 
MAO 
14.050000 
USD 
Po IUDs< III 
44505% 
1.15400 
.52.254 Si 
noio.oxo 
zo.iaThro 
15440200 
15.030.030 
USD 
US T1429,1,1413 
46715% 
14942241 
15.917.520 
limy- 
5244401 
110.145 
1.155.50 5
Pend I 01. 
1555•52Srood INsoltio4isrivi 
$ 
IZSAS. 
OMNI %no Masiesdkns5 
S 
3%062 
Jr 'Ana ....ow 
n o.............., 
b. IF cr.. 
tet” 
twe.
.....go tr I 5 sow. ono • Co. al •• iiinee. 
Wt..* 
IA "ela 
Ow re 4 . MA ani. ,  On.“
. .. C... 
^ 
"......"..,t- 
it •••••• 140' 61,.. . 11" 1” A • 0..6 " 
a ....4. 
Ian hitt today, 011 sew 40. II  m‘i man.. sed,r4ot Seib • Too tn....a...asp. 
MA% SAC bona. 
SW 4•040is 
*4 net es...own:Qs oln into doa.00rroo ton ;dote, 90.05 
n.....0.,3 
a iv re sago/ lo. . 0 1•19. , ”. 4 armee, 
fl ow a moon' se ”......1,..a.14anar,I.1n.ld 
-.qv. ..n¢ 
m0 OTIOXITITM07 ae.nonse... re...) 
WI .0 4,11401e.,.....”-^.~.4
..........0.
1”.•»”.taaatna 
rt. me., • Ft ofted Mt* reialy, tavadaroansnni If 44001riola 4 anr.ry A. Pan no ea etnnwarAps w. wive 
an, rmaioau ihrsyntl....‘" 
/WI perfOriala It •441.443.011ano m.4 
M1 ..3,W is w li loida anitot•pro•gatharbat 
ce• x,.....,......a. 
ou , 
in.'s 
...owe.. 
Pm 0.0....sen 
nor .............e 
0.07,e...., 
31419.15 
. 1 . ,  " ^. 15.l M.... 
thr Ualtii. vonants <4 ern...snow...a. 
.1 au...west 
essayed 055n. sanr a rentno•to mow 
vaaarno. cro..4.4 mei. Mu maem el ill 0010 0011•3 Ana fa to ..... ;fl cal queorrotunnau
....0 OrnalOwn.•••••14,81Inipscm atom., bra..411.
weens.03.uoranowas 5arwe etc in, r. a 
.1.n. to au. MI 500 fa lurpre Of 
Ninam.6.a 
urootifilai earl
 p.n.. 
band been.... nzt. nil. 
g • 1.-.1 illo• (ate N ma.. 
INI 0••• pun or aim can Ile Mt.. 
at pl o w ea 11•0021IN *SAL ellowil UNKOnNeaf Kt :via.. 
nasal laa Br. Am avant rum, 
et. &ay.,. 
a. • . none 
o. pato0041.7. as Fa cc 00 i. or al 0,0 ne...3b, •••• PCK a ...,....r.“.• 
nen. 
Asa co...din...or l 2 66.-0., Rx. On topru0a0.• Ill Ia. 
41161.0. a ...rein 
set on. 
to, 
IT • .ii: rrufas s I:• Inn 
Lo• 0 It* Cong6.3 Mee. II lisliStial 
fy, be phipall .1 emiatibl II.Ulk Illetba I" .44.1...truf.4.1 
SOW run IM .0••••• 
• int Nal 
I ry•its.1.0m I ISM . Obau• i I a I* • Ihnonf • ninet•ISIM . 014  Mara II treed. 
20101Misqpilea• 
CS. 
EFTA00727059

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727060.pdf
----------------------------------------
J
P 
Morgan 
G lobal Investment 
Opportunities 
Group 
OTC Derivatives 
Position Summary 
Prepared lor Fenancuil hint Co as of lune 10. 2010 
Asset Management 
Oflit PM • ~aam& 
%MUST. 
XPIUSO 
USOCP0 
10395 
13523 
1.0224 
XPOUSD 
MOUW 
USDC40 
124142 
4115 
1.0513 
GBPUTO 
14951 
USDPV 
110.42 
3LOWS0 
12135 
USO<LP 
345.24 
*LOUW 
0.1142 
~NOK 
6.50111 
ram 
Fe!~ eentraCti 
71.4. 0..t. 
t.,„, 
nought 
Noban.ai 
1.ale 
,,,,,,,,,..t
t,„,,„ 0, 1. 
“" h .t.  
." k'''
it
fin-a d it.te 
( "7 
P°I $ Ia 1.,t $01nli C'; ‘: in 
ni..d 
A" in G gin,. tab NU» 
eo 
..t• 
.10 
445 
23.10.6) 
Nl 
UW 
10.40.40 
21.A.I•10 
4661 
451 
4645 
01719 
4661 
T 
0904801 
23~10 
264.10 
CAO 
5.215.000 
USO 
5.030.030 
243440 
1.043 
1.043 
1.0643 
00032 
1.0645 
S 
0<0.9561 
3~40 
/Mul» 
103«. 
32.030.030 
SIK 
9212403 
29..b.d.I0 
1.104.4 
1.196 
1.1066 
40015 
1.1103 
3,430 
8~40 
/Mul* 
MGt 
121172.103 
USO 
5.030.030 
29.1.1.10 
4.4915 
6.4145 
65018 
00035 
6510? 
S 
112,4131 
Open Pontord contract. mark.to.saaska. 
13064)1) 
b uit Oate 
imp,rie Date 
Direolen 
Curreniy 1
1302 
Currency
nad 
hiel~ 2
Strike 
Currenc/ 2 
TYP. 
a 
na„,„
00.01 
nl , 
Pr00.2I
en"," i", 
Curven. 
Gmin. 
ww)
Pten^, an 
114546.10 
114.4ap1I 
Yo.g61 
IPY 
Pui 
IO.CN.CN 
93.S020 
USO 
WI 
447040200 
.4 
34.132,46 
(21546111 
Il.16ap10 
11454).11 
Seld 
119 
<all 
10.WI.CN 
9350» 
USO 
Pul 
Con1.4.1•51.5 
1470,002W 
4100% 
.52.36,10151 
914.1041 
21~10 
21.54040 
Pallet 
Al» 
<all 
11.525.010 
03815 
USO 
Fui 
aCOICO 
.2231% 
103,0156Si 
0221051 
214~10 
21.11610 
Sol0 
AUD 
Call 
5.4.04000 
0.W.0 
u5D 
Pul 
40.00000 
106% 
.11.622.49 
23.591 
21.M1.10 
2~10 
5010 
AUD 
PN 
1(04000 
0.5100 
USD 
CPU 
Coat ~OIO 
210.03003 
201314 
.477AM% 
(221.1621 
23~00 
234.90 
Sold 
COD 
Pil 
5.034020 
1.1020 
USD 
Cali 
.10410131 
105.32.1 
5230000 
1.050% 
OpenOpenFXOptbn>MMi06WYM 
0.51.00.0) 
,,, 
,
1. 
„ p n  D.,.. 
p„.,„,
‘ 
c,..„..,,,y i
TYP. 
wei.on., :ed 
Strike 
Currein7 2 
11.P. 
5.‘,.e 
0"e'n-4 
Or.v.n.i 
i.....,,.._...... 
Pr.mni 1.1) 
Currvni 
pnroun, 
(...nteik NU» 
Ms. 
De( 
am 
ca 
u 
wi 
5440.020. 
. 
.6291 
0.An.10 
IT.DK.10 
TONI 
W11 
PIN 
I00000 
(65 
USO 
011 
144040).00 
1400 
•12.93 
103.003 
Band* 
10.1.40.031 
lleughi 
Wfl 
Call 
100200 
100 
USO 
Pul 
4410~40 
.$4.30 
1291 
1. 
052.7171 
Band* 
11461.11 
Sold 
W11 
Put 
10(003 
UW 
WI 
145000240 
1430 
.1401 
$ 
4..006 
Open Con.anediey Opties. Leark.to.Morkid 
M1 >,>f 
Fixed 
Trad. Dele 
liAsiurity 
SM.Paiin9 
issue 
1,4041 USO 
Cesl 
ri‹...,,,,,,,,,, 
D.,,,„„,,, 
cum" 
ca.!~ 
ruon Om evt. 
Ain' en' S  
Fnv, Level 
west 
Curven% liohd 
Gainless DOTO) 
At. 0 
S. 
Of Groutfint 
KOL 
525 
U50 
2000%
525.212516 
9115 
50
157.50:11 
I? Mer.10 
211.0i.t.14 
Peirelea Oe Vee 
.11.753450 
3304030 
140 
USO 
4.903% 
MW 
$23.131119 
7600 
40-76 
<135.3521 
15404.15 
S. 
Pont /Poter Cred 
.1.1141.351 
)00.000 
103 
USO 
7403% 
WA 
159113 
994712 
10050 
2443 
12~0 
01~11 
0.. 
Fonl Ncw 054 45342.500 
5.030430 
654 
USD 
7375% 
004 
5193.767.34 
102450 
10350 
32.500 
15.40230 
15.44.2033 
int 
Mors 4.9922391 -53.200.300 
10.003403 
393 
USD 
0375% 
0041 
5600 
30.030 
3I5 
(4115001 
23.Apr.10 
01.1A51.16 
B. 
Cit Oroupfnc 
.5025.200 
5300300 
•60 
USO 
7003% 
0413/2010 
1540144. 
04.50 
5075 
037.6031 
214.14p10 
15.1m.11 
S. 
had Molor Cnd asaxam 
moa.» 
620 
u5D 
50.57% 
(543 
530.114.53 
30300 
3030.0 
330,030 
35•00I0 
01.09014 
Eek*,  1.002ing I. alismoo 
1000.020 
334 
USD 
10000% 
NA 
539.160.67 
10525 
10160 
119.5001 
Open Pteed Incenn Piak.te.Nlettel. 
11.057.10*)
Trad. Ome 
Makurity 
S4 *) Vno 
CeniPanY 
Thálnes 
Curricy 
Coupon 
Neet Cali Nie 
InOwstr 5. 
Cm, Level 
<want Mot Gáintets (USO) 
25.1.4w-10 
O2.,Apr.2,040 
1156. 
Olake Caps /Du 
4:00to 
USO 
O.20% 
02..4p.I5 
IirvniY 
23.00 
2312 
6194~1 
24.Mee.10 
02.6pr.2040 
555. 
lrrrrUci.Capii%su 
4:00<U 
USD 
6.00% 
02.6pr.I5 
14...4aal 
2435 
2312 
1. 
0174,0301 
Open Pret.mede eauk.te-Welmt 
741.000) 
ureStece Dividend 
Tra* Oat• 
22169, 44 
CennPanY 
lalt.% 
Nollenal 
Cionency 
Fntry Plot 
Current PM* G5inless (USO) 
..V.r 1.. 
r6 D4<•11 
5.51 0“12enS F ut twill 
te3.2(6 
9.993393 
OP 
n210 
9700 
S 
(1.4.26.4341 
: 
124..12 
S.51 at.~.41,113•O2 
P1261 
5.510371 
WIL 
11310 
4600 
1. 
62.54012721 
5an
124..12 
S.51 at.~.41,1 0102 
50003 
5.03020 
WIL 
10300 
501 
1. 
01364601 
Open CuroStosa Ornelend 14444.e.lasrlet 
n,412.07)) 
400 
ani 
bod. Dal. 
6'9;i:1:Sen 
mriaica 
unatelyin9 
eeni.ny 
Contra«, 
Strike 
Currency 
Type
i-nby Pint 
Con'« n4 Pr.ce 
Galntess. 01ISO) 
222...10 
21./.....2-10 
Bpek'XOmdOr 
I.D50 
UW 
WI 
53.20 
5254 
$ 
22.2.00 
160(1..10 
bn.ghi 
Bpek•Yomdd 
1.000 
UW 
Cell 
54.45 
1311S 
S 
0.0.0031 
u,...a.na 
Open Squfly OPNeen Meek''°Marlin
4007 
11.4.o.0) 
c„,„,,,,,„, 
>nare. 
Currtiony 
~uur', 
',Int mo. 
currane rne• Ciaintoss N>0) 
14.10.0•10 
Sein CW/VOLO3 
1340) 
USO 
1240% 
)1~Y 
52207 
51937 
$ 
115.1001 
9332.2210 
Sweesk 1435412 5 %ons i 
20.040 
USO 
4140edal 
54.40 
1444 
S 
02001 
Open Equiey kbeliee•Martet 
S 
3MJ(Wj 
~Return Swijspip 
011edive. 
14.410.% 
. 11Y 
• 
Tred. vete 
0.% 
Underlyang 
Lon0.5hon 
sh....as 
5,1* 
Seee.r/ Ibp,
a., a
in43.4.01, 
IntrY P.e. 
Clan.. PI.* 0. 0,501. 0214» 
23.Apr.I0 
JO 
.10 
~wal 
Coldeun SS% 
ivg 
20/102 
YL 
0.45% 
53.303..120 
i,waiY 
110142 
$13110 
1. 
0101451 
29.30I.10 
4NYp10 
29.00,.11 ome...basen 
una 
wao 
314 
te% 
-57.44051 
14.770.970 
1~90 
5153199 
03119 
0.126310 
Open Total Return Swap Ma .14-144401. 
11.402 .») 
Intimi Plas 
naai. nare 
...‘“..ta, 
1~k~ 
nne 
Currenc3 
n,
g“..,1 alt, 
ovoi 
Ona.o.:I Pat, Gainless 0.150) 
I 2.Mer.10 
214941 
21JAN-fl 
13003401002 
CO 
Ps NoPog N 
415% 
12.31051 
4014% 
1324401 
25.Meon10 
254941 
20.16«.11 
13003401~ 
CUP 
Ps Nakie IN 
415% 
12.34931 
4.145% 
1483141 
Open inourni it.n•sw.rn Martio./.6irkee 
(41 506 
EFTA00727060
--- PAGE 2 ---
Asset Management 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Prop:we'd for Minn( thl Toni CO AA of lune )0. TO 10 
0.474•11 FM • COMMedlty14405 
XAGI.P5D 
XPTUSO 
14.595 
15135 
X41)V51) 
%MUSD 
124147 
4115 
48,1.050 
t/Ati..S0 
14551 
13331 
44.42 
545)4 
1w 
°Agin./ 
Onyrol 
Curren'. 
COMM 
bade One 
Eaplry 
Pinta iOn 
PliplOoTi 
Coining. 
flew IpOon 
Ilr1C SLTIn 
yye 
PrenTion 
Promplom 
Prenaom 
pr.nka
 (NI
GAINTATIA NOM 
Sold 
1140:00W 
SAMapliCo 
4350% 
toCeirlw 
41.031.910 
IOW% 
41.182.655 
11821% 
0191551 
µ1•10 
14.1040 
Sold 
SICWA40:0 
V9) 
OAATOIOM 
4350% 
*NOW 
$541.500 
562% 
$1.176.204 
11762% 
S 
(414.)011 
24.6l4r10. 
264090 
Sold 
f14070µ0:0 
USO 
CONOCO 
4350% 
*SWOT 
5909.070 
9051 
41.166.294 
11663% 
05)1411 
/6 
IS-Nag* 
Sold 
PIM= 
IM 
4250% 
OTTATOPI 
6545,040 
5.499 
.5944062 
9.611% 
(439.0621 
Open Swy :On 
Op4r. OTC pOTtITOnT .44r1i.to.nedr4•1 
Closod pooluont Oakra. int 
To1J pOutiOTO Cowan' 
(11111 
440 
or Wry. r”.•% ter .t ratosrown ot• 4.4 roar spry wins oraailif or or oirto• Ora ate. end elltetnalre waltwIla 
MOrTyr,CneitelITA. 20 SAC Wow TWO, to et oriel 
TO TO Ott AT *4
 Motif. 
10•4504 • 
noTtO (IVY Ma VOIL lock tatTATOP ad 0170 alt ral al eft101d *Oka 
ITTASI AO* OTTOOrke. Tonto KAM WC la 
IAMOTOn Ow6 Cs rut, epone• nrom CAN W.41....dosite 44ellnon1 Han., w% 4 
ree 4n...a tern rad.. b eknetrat•erm.“.".. wave...m...4 torn worn Wont, won, a ••• nen er4 eolocktriterms Osordnaim talAsyrnimorno4 ae.mmtMrsrie .Iipoiormuiratt.w/eneses.fatvot,e 
salrolo, 1 Mina 105 PITCOL OA AA AC &Ow. 
MOTTOorotou 
TO4s DO Wealdant M.orn gitalIa. wn4MT
 ell an uyeellilOatio MN. 
an TrAwITA✓ a KA VAITTONT a Tan no/. ITTITaTine • fa V0004 son taw 0 
toa. VOrOces 'nod., .040 on ay Nos. 
TA To !OWN ow4•0 Moo ote OA.' OTIS Wino elApOodif 
*goon
eos, Wine to an *oil 
br 
anon, anoms 
soenovaconn Av. osoctoon IA Wind In 
elopalut arias. tsinwatuiracce• typo pr1.4“ sod 4.444urootiouosse tool u4C.none.P.roinuilia..4 don an be tonancestunin 1•4444...03.4. 
Frauls4 Me .4.04•0 MOO* Wolfs no cow 4,...c4.444.4. .04.44.4 flat rue. 
et rowers aro ow ors ov rtr• o. ortronotc. ;ward 44. 
bni ••••lt rine, On vend tr,••••01C e any goanne 
49.4.gY 
IllartOVUI,Pe !I Ylryalthata* 
reinnoreah•M otitis .PIPAn4O4: • NalW a SWAMI. 
lhilitniasor.4 wt,.41• 
an tbiesalibian. alr aimed ora enter piAotidadd.11100,1al Mon. CIOVOTST 0.444011101 T  fl eas TOW Onto aCAYoun 040441 fps et* 
M1 wµ70 Ilanfarsh ed Ten Abe 
4030% .44.109.4 PM  Oct 
EFTA00727061
--- PAGE 3 ---
JPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
V5D1FY 
42 
vSti(d 
54574 
V50fI0R 
650111 
Asset Management 
Prepared for Financial Trust 
. 
Co., 
of /one 30. 2010 
Current FR dr Commoditynew 
XACIAD 
14595 
MUUSD 
1241.47 
413PUSD 
la 
)4050 
15325 
MUSD 
4435 
IURUSD 
12230 
0504111 
0 771 
USDCA0 
19643 
AUDUSO 
am 
Foninrd 4oMntta 
Contract Spot 
Contract 
Tana Oat 
Trade Date 
FaTroy 
liewant 
Noonan 
Sold 
Motional 
Fan 
leo-wy' Rate 
D.0. 
Unroin4 RI,. 
C..0/10 
0) 
144.3c.10 
4.06010 
KRW 
10975.500.000 
WY 
930000.007 
1100 
1950 
10.41. 10
KM 
171.122 
21.IA11.10 
SOtt.10 
CAD 
102.0000 
OT 
934320.001 
91.7500 
91.6000 
1404..10 
93.35 
161245 
2644400 
31)4a410 
NCR 
63.091400 
OW 
7.0)0000 
01650 
99142 
064day 
92425 
12575461 
6.40.010 
30Wan10 
10244 
63039,000 
48. 
7.004000 
94970 
9.1270 
06411lay 
92425 
11102 96) 
160 43n10 
20-041.10 
RIR 
616.500000 
USD 
10.000.002 
442000 
464500 
06204 
46.12 
13147341 
711-apol0 
6.Aug.10 
CAD 
9.000.000 
IM 
464350.001 
929175 
923700 
Malay 
14.5 
1216.653) 
200 4e10 
20,91910 
CAD 
5.000.000 
AM, 
5.424519 
05515 
031214 
20.40Y 
04764 
227.139 
151.410 
195000 
CIF 
11270000 
USD 
10500.003 
1.19,2 
1.1270 
Inlun 
1.11500 
192544 
Closed Forward owitracts 11.82.41.10-Malket 
POO 7 9 641 
'.1r. 10119 01 n 1. 0  Or . • 1. 121".... 010 '41.4 In 11.1nol• Only 0.0.0•ten...00110 /.• Wwwanne • In re readonainordawre It 1.1010200 :00• 0a. 1(4 v0 a 140con T0000.101 gm ..n.xn e21 4.01C 1r. 14orpin sown. at 1.011.00.0 
/nab" el thirionas... »xi tang...avow 
no0..61ar00eproltiOni, 
1.101 6 11.1,010 0•00..0•20.100 12.. MS h •4010...11Mnan Us* 
I.  ...mini* .00..• 01. 10:44,00.14., or mom.* otosetruti in 
nw Irdltranr a ban, own., ea oniony* arrewwwwron orogen. is ora rowel whanntennorron ow norwe awn wonnornatewarrann ad.," 
ow mown,' or anynewro. nowt *won, intnorn. werrodon talornanne 
.0011/01. 111.11.0110 b....St 
110 .0r01201...wara kin eftalsonon te uprace @tarn gra mina 
[Pares as mew. ram.satiOnti Ow.* Neu. neva Ala Heserrano • ...1,1k/1. Of lain Hull. TPA nan..11....0 492x..0 a. pr, Cl,. et 
. 10. 2.1011011.1. 00.•• Cl 00101.N ......
/./ 1. 1.
1.0• 10.4,110......
,41.
11***101.... 44044...4.0
 1.
11•0 1. 11010,0 0  0. 00  "... 11 .^ 01,1.Y..a. /t0, 0 4.01101.14.11.4.4 1•00.1 0•1•0 a Ma it0•11.000.. 01•4e1sm •001..01:01,
vet. 10.210. Vt.* MN ptordod WWI paw 1011•100•0••00•10 .0•111•4 M..MU 
~ 
an 4•1 RS e 1 ..ittanim Mtn No urea ewer.. IN Wean inas.canai 
di mania. •110.2•••• w4 mopa We wan. vilaceesittn on., ........ a, 0.100..a 'Cl 
So pap 
al eta 030(2.0.1 t•Ra.no. req on. W 0.100.s10.1a a 
tou<141.011went• noir ba 802 Om.... 0600 muner.whai On Val et 000 00 11.0•10.2 be etilwaa• Ins PO wan*. •CM COmeint et enranned4.1 • cuffs., ...out 1.0n 
in maps. 
a1.....a 'uprose., Cl, Cl .01.1.10. 4 ustwc...1 a ...,e.n.atrana..e..ina....4br... ItC*.w..•••••••54
 q..• 
Pk. nee.; l #04. ll. 10.001t0a0.0.8.0 actownna• rot 1,00•• Munn.+ es insed00 all lit.anOrk 
11.0.0.40.tarsea . km • w 00. u... et il•pnan so rhea lull .03,..nos 04 erw by 0.441•0•0 804 001110.1b. An, uo. 00.001.11.. 0 4401.0.10  IL" 0, 0 0 .• al..  thini/. *4100.
1. 00121.00 0 IS 11010$10141. 0.4. lira .01121101.2.• ++0 .10. A •0 / 00. -,..117. 
A-. 
mloSM09.R Owe Sc. 
EFTA00727062
--- PAGE 4 ---
JPMorgan Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Prepared for f nand& Trust Co. An of June 30. 2010 
Asset Management 
Cemegeft154 • Commodity rate 
3M1GViO 
15.595 
XAVV5D 
INIAY 
GUNK/ 
1.4951 
LISOPY 
$5.42 
XPTIAD 
1532.5 
XP1X60 
443.5 
EURUSO 
1,2238 
USDCLP 
54574 
VSDC71f 
1.0775 
USDCIU5 
10643 
AUDUSO 
0.542 
1.00110K 
6.5018 
ne 
Trade Date 
Expo, Date 
Chredion 
Currency 1 
Currency 2 
Date 
Onigiew/ 
notional 
Penne 
Currency 3 
TYPe 
Clow Out 
Original 
Premium. 
Pi. ...nom 1n1 
Unwind 
Prcenloot 
Gainf.oss 1050) 
20.41.3.10 
204001 
5009ht 
MN 
Col 
7.500030 
3.9300 
ELM 
Put 
06444y40 
.200750.00 
.3.2l0% 
97.5020) 
(151.5851 
20.4000 
20.Apr.11 
Sold 
91.14 
Put 
2500.000 
3.0550 
CUR 
Cal 
0641•040 
20079100 
3.2/0% 
442750.00 
01124191 
21,60P10 
26.1u1.10 
Sold 
NOK 
Cali 
7.000000 
9.0400 
GBP 
Put 
0541440 
51(0.147.95 
1.570% 
4170394.10 
17.5471 
S6%µ10 
Oldun.10 
Sold 
SRI. 
Put 
10.000000 
1.8000 
USD 
Cal 
0641•040 
1102000130 
1.010% 
437300000 
071.0301 
194api.10 
19444-10 
Sought 
INC 
Cali 
10.000.000 
414.5000 
050 
Put 
1940270 
49405000 
4930% 
5000 
19).0001 
S6%µ10 
1510110 
Sought 
CUR 
Put 
12800000 
1.2500 
USD 
Cal 
0610110 
.5275.0300 
.2.154% 
559255800 
324.185 
564µ10 
15.1uI.10 
Sold 
CUR 
Put 
12400000 
1.2400 
05D 
Col 
Onun.10 
513353100 
4056% 
4334.206.10 
0935261 
ntitio 
1310310 
Sold 
EUR 
Cal 
13300.000 
1.3400 
05D 
Pot 
034un.10 
5157.71010 
1.195% 
.524.454.00 
133.227 
134.1•00 
13.11Arp11 
Sought 
CUR 
Put 
10000000 
12450 
USD 
Cal 
03.10110 
3495,0000 
.4.NO% 
561900000 
124.050 
1340 
l0 
13421241 
Sold 
EVR 
Cell 
10.000000 
1.2450 
05D 
Put 
03./un.10 
5495.00000 
4.950% 
4441.75001 
52.250 
13-014p10 
1346%441 
Sought 
COP 
Put 
10.000000 
1.4425 
USD 
Cal 
03.10110 
449500033 
.4.950% 
141000000 
115.0501 
134day-10 
1342101 
Sold 
GBP 
Cell 
10.000.000 
1.4425 
05D 
Pot 
08.1un.10 
5495.00000 
4.600% 
452925000 
134.2501 
Closed IX Option. foradt.tionlarket 
6P9 31 .56) 
-op.movon...r....- ........4ini one MO, mter teemWinn istaralt•W IP. Maw Per a co. oni re wtmOrie.vorliar. IP ii.Pdn Owe WC “A *N., . MrP. I, . 0,  "A ......br
, . 10" KM 1,  MrP.N.ne al. 01010 • 
fiethr 0 Deten•vo.. Out tedanpreclelfewlowa admen/el/win. P•.01 nthr boner Mn. nerrIn .4.40. >Pm undone.. PM:rge Chen 0 Co Iy invate wen ON. bell et", 
rine...inn •Omoy (Ono. 
O. W..", a ter" ',Non. I. winvIneal pneoe *ray inPr a mann% pty WASS_ niliondonoaanw mar. Imam ons rt ...sews mewing...um roolni an manned ea re noted, nand winior
tvcitAmwsors ("abr. s• 
elkOrien n ten./ n, le •• tair. On ow b.0) mout. tonitineur macaw *save aw ntnetencirettewww/wentard re fannwetnentwelned once fel prdoweceomi ...cannel Mon endo me ronowl • rea no/infers on Oho w 
Kown. Wow wont aided get 11•••00.rono•wril ne lode tom wrap enn *Owen erg owanennewy Wee swoon ff pito noon sob,  a ow Oravwetrweran rf we raw tweed...on own awneknennanntartforn also. 
On Is 
nanny, nano.% infon4 Menem went en ifeerldOwfuled. nine not. we onanntarewneffrwnerf return,. 'frown Ofd duper re on fang nee te ~AP afrefefeanWaddowil wwwwdrann Innen,  'wanted...41r 
the n.pne 0 ..u.retun4Metabm, Fowl tmo OW mutated en% atetsma tar, men., ,r,otinini ••• Inn awl to .0 OW/00 initna owe. rent urge Mire. P4 Wynn  ar4 the woontier.01./Irti. er•tter,,ntna ath..p....n.4 in0 
we on4 few n oder ow o113•1 on et o. odninnn Wrenn. Peon bra V Volt. for Pt enlY.rewel br Pr IDS if aft ilownernal spocif 
Pls. cno van) 1104n Ina» Ilset* roennala Wien.. -mnianeiewpartteryvaltark. 
1,41tiensall.M beamed vs 0 ••• ton.',....." a • assow4 -I  own, endowasse«enteresa none arrange, 444gallanW.44,..gpst an te .41...oe a pony na if nu 151:50.• Me new. pre.* milS to waft arousal/sea man l4 
NI 
IC12010 /44.1037,  Oine• CO 
EFTA00727063
--- PAGE 5 ---
JPMorgan Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Prepored for Financ nil Trust Co... of nine 10, 7010 
Asset Management 
Current FX 6 Coraineillty rats 
ICACIAD 
IP 59S 
XAVUSO 
I241.42 
GOPUSD 
14951 
VFW,  
SS 42 
>MUSD 
15325 
%MUSD 
143.5 
IWILOSLF 
1.2.138 
vettin 
545 70 
unDCHI 
10770 
USOCW 
10543 
AODUSO 
OW 
MOCK 
‘50111 
Casennecl 
i i lens 
Date 
Oc
Tr
Close 
Trade Date 
Expiry 
recnen 
29.40, 10 
Win...10 
SO4 
l60a.I6 
1>arell) 
Sold 
Out 
Ong and 
Original 
Con•nt 
GanIlOsS 1050
St 
Cunene, I 
Type 
notional (00
rike 
Currency 2 
!SO. 
Date 
Premium 
Premium IS/ 
Premium 
%PO 
M 
10000 
515 
I15D 
Cell 
onlAyyl0 
$114000.00 
SIPCO 
-$3t50 
$ 
1754.000) 
GU 
M 
5000 
IIIS 
IlSD 
Call 
17arele 
LISAADTi 
$17.00 
$0.00 
$ 
$5000 
CIo..d Coawcia6 TY Optima piaaFteatattet 
1171.0005 
'Al.Batman riven tion. • en ranging ralnler nen ern benne nine...4ns te, e aneyeeTeaw•cia.OnettoMidenei erlanin II ParenThione 044 0'1 ea Al.unpin Snotta ka ay nenten etnerosT Ili unpin Wiese PT 
Taies • 
none,. on amen* Yak tithaint ed Ow ...en. .n.d.ep,N......ge, may ape boo %%%%% ...Aar nmcorc 1, ofidli,1 1.Anpn Owe. CA md, win,* alone sent trican Prance ...Tonne *town nacn. 
IM inns Ns bone finnan. far Ilion n an pot.. pill .101. ...non. is we ninon rein,. in inerand Vial emu pi. N 
/4",41010"411 4.1.1.WRISA" ifd UP. Ca nu sears mats tenant newt I 
115 asonns c.IIM•11.1.<11CAMIll et 
man., +tend . et total.. “tAl.thi.31.3erallill.(44Vleamni 
a ann
. / 
CP Ho, . wd ...pa (=alias It. 'swoon am a tat. so atm. we.. sal. PIN 11•10114.1. • UR altos. elauv •••••• Thin 'units nin nu tans! in ening 
irakbance.II• its '7.o:haven vs • 0 it.04..4 
4.,...., 
no. t.... 4,..., ....st. .t. any., .td.r. on. ern tells pan. ce w a rwtnnaw a ••• 4......0 .Tho..i. *I an, anata *cove nosh at ur al usinnann. omen., •}"...M.C. . 4 bra.. 
watt Yoe V4 welt• pt. ad
 00.41.4.• 
t• eon° sp. no i [unarm. 41 surcmcn vananineansakn V. onto pentse• Op pr... 
vic..µ.. I'M b....Win:In... 
aid IMADVAIN V ••••01,41,/.41411W 41,1I . 05.b. 
**Urn., Ill 
MO prinw at na na row rld ca•Lno-n t lope irces oaf na poof ••• In &re towdolon onth i Innis se4 i PEW* C. b. fa .urarem nor.. get. en iml tat bot.ima Da otaperion aii an swain tom Geste* 0'00[0.4.'44 
-en ulna t41.10
, 5 \ 
gr. 1.0“..• 
al 
we 14 on or., 
o a *Innate ;....arn....at• la/ Wet C• Ile I.[ IOC •-• eta., ...din ire Wiry, ineeninsmataliensi 
0..0 maul oe. II  ia,..., 115.1. 1., „
um i t .. ,,,..„1„,..„,,,,,,,,,,,, 
„.„‘,„„, 
Ma Neer). 
,111/ 1.1 utlin• 
4114. P011t.VA.BIIII•11
.1.1 
•14rN•40. C•101•4038•40.14•114 
At. YID, 44.1.1.1n it 4•0
1.1011sy avien air thin 11. •41.••• 
.11 pn.4100 0P2. IS 
.1111•... Oro 0.111 no saw at•daleh ans 1...101 
mat 
TO IMO IWgn Us A Co 
EFTA00727064
--- PAGE 6 ---
JP Morgan Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Orepored for Einarocral Trust Co. as of line 30. 3010 
Asset Management 
Current EX Fr Cornroodity rotoo 
RAGIAD 
11593 
MUM 
126447 
GSPUSD 
1.4951 
980300 
SOU 
XITUSD 
11325 
MUSD 
4433 
CYRUS.) 
11293 
US(91. 
14514 
uSOCIO 
9075 
USOCAD 
I 0543 
N.IDU5O 
842 
13511100 
65018 
Irate 
Trade Oat, 
seer 
Com 
Dividend 
puny 
ThAref 
SUM. 
Coos, 
Ckne Out 
Yield 
note 
industry 
teary hue
Unwind  Not 
once 
Gaootess 050) 
opr.i 0 
111K 0201 
?soggy l'orken U0-041i A 
5.007 
USD 
13.156 
3Roo10 
161.4041 
511.25 
512.09 
MO) 
740.10 
MY knit/ 
Amp Property Corp 
6301 
US0 
466% 
.04.r.10 
financial 
52730 
527.73 
1317 
944..10 
41154 Erla, 
5600445053 Iscrolog) Corr 
2.000 
USD 
0.00% 
4Esr10 
Ink Paotorrals 
521.02 
51549 
111.0151 
O./polo 
E•0 Equity 
Enotrprito Products torons 
2300 
USD 
6.35% 
1.4p..10 
Energy 
535.55 
535.56 
1520).10 
MAC VS OYZEn0 C40 levity FAxerithCorthe 
•220 
USD 
Cell 
14Asy.10 
loirxlel 
52.00 
SOD, 
44.000 
15.70.10 
MOW Equity 
Medial Properties TOM Inc 
10.00) 
USD 
$.41% 
Sapr.10 
sandal 
5915 
599475 
1979 
15..00,10 
KRC Equity 
oral iltuity Coto 
15.00 
USD 
4.611% 
5447.10 
InoxIte 
534.02 
534.16 
1.156 
15..00,10 
DS Equity 
Ooltor Genesi Coro 
1007 
USD 
0.00% 
5-Ppr10 
ortsurner.CYOk 
527.02 
527.21 
611 
IS...v.10 
WC Earn 
MatroichCcab• 
n.000 
160 
5.34% 
141,40 
sandal 
54120 
53935 
123,100) 
21...a.10 
mil Mott 
^Mc Pnestment Corp 
6007 
050 
0.00% 
5447.10 
InoxIte 
510.75 
511.125 
1.10 
12.Apr.10 
OATS EPA, 
MW Ottoorlis Corp 
14.003 
USD 
P00% 
Sapr.10 
ochnobgy 
51420 
$12.4 
121,312) 
20..tor.10 
AVIV EquftY 
GPOIGInteGment Cap 
19.070 
USD 
1135% 
ZD-Ppr-10 
InoxIte 
51230 
51227 
03651 
10.Apr.10 
SIN Equity 
Synosut Sioux:a Cap 
100,000 
USD 
1.55% 
71730.10 
sands 
5/75 
53.01 
26,000 
00).10 
PHD WIRY 
Roos latural Gin Mane (9 
1500 
USD 
0.02% 
2)41pr-10 
new 
521.50 
5E1.25 
6.119 
39.70.10 
KSU Equity 
Kansa. Cy Southern 
1000 
USD 
P00% 
56730.10 
isdratzial 
531.07 
5•101 
2)312 
4.113)..10 
KIa Equity 
KOS' Morgan &orgy Porn 
4.000 
160 
6.55% 
56730.10 
Energy 
$66.33 
565.69 
0,240) 
ammunkations 
SIM 
131.10710 
MAY MIRY 
Teener IN 
10.70 
USD 
0.02% 
29.4pr-10 
$534 
4.012 
0.May.10 
NI Soft 
Rono6Conhonson h000rtio9 
6S00 
USD 
6.53% 
26.6.pc.10 
finansial 
511.50 
511.65 
925 
7.7.1.10r10 
NS OVARY 
Musty Erot9210 
4,250 
U50 
7.41% 
nun-10 
Energy 
5,120 
591.17 
1990) 
u6May.10 
GTY Way 
Cony Rooky Cap 
10.000 
USD 
5.46% 
2041ay.10 
finansial 
53220 
521.01 
nal) 
Nun-I0 
IS EciurtY 
4110041Moldros MI 
11000 
USD 
0.02% 
3M510 
linarxIS 
51.10 
51.42 
3374 
4.1.0.10 
PUS WAY 
Mu SIn Entroprim Inc .A 
1000 
USD 
EN% 
412.10 
Consumers polis 
52720 
527.05 
100 
91un-10 
Cr Equity 
Contemn' EntrOW lot 
9030 
USD 
5.32% 
9734710 
UtlIties 
512.90 
513.52 
5335 
16.1•910 
RLEquRy 
Polo Ralph taiscos071.7 
10.000 
USD 
OAS% 
1643610 
Consuntst,CpSo 
5.1.00 
MA 
(1,412) 
17.1.410 
FOI Equity 
Mr or Lodging Trial Vic 
101000 
USD 
0.00% 
97734710 
finansial 
5130 
51,61 
4100 
15.1un.10 
41551214 
600001 Moon. Corp 
6.500 
USD 
$24% 
18.).•,10 
..era 
5615 
$491 
120 
ifi-heni0 
maril UNA, 
metruitym4 
1000 
160 
0.00% 
ifiar.I0 
Corrimunicatiord 
51020 
59.66 
16901 
No 
FII. EOM" 
/pi Ccels0o700° 
1.500 
USD 
0.170% 
234•-•10 
1111011 
52402 
52439 
3145 
Fotottsyndiate tothr31044artet 
31,431 
11. moron Inew saw A tr. Mate Nino rot no petw imemma loalow unhand M AI. Mmi.O.m• a ech,..4 a otorunn ...nova. or 1.1.4nOtim Ilelv. MA •M D. Mow Mate. MA es nerlaws of ihnOIC I P. lOgin 1..01•5 Int vms04 a 
mentoroi or Kovno toot coons. red uore roorearsed ono.. towers IIWII Ica* ste....amm. mite own sit In •00 len. 1.Marw.CW. &Ca 'weenie mm...mme MMat-56473 a emarmom sham, imam 
no tonarq A boo proof of ry loon non), OorpOrrs coo .Na anise. re tot noon roodorontomorod a tor noun. nor ary otralion.4110erune RAO" ird•Oro So no tenor to ars snore& Nitro rahotloo. ...minis reinnalsol olotnen or 
.1~ciL • 11.0., 4 ...SW.. ba.‘ 0, ^7.......1.b weletw.im e• men. Ev......nlyn•MmM,OPMWO.,  Nifinri C. I en •Amai mv•amermm.....xe Fax rortnway a rot rosatoror rower mole Trn novo, a no nit 
yiMMAgs, lee io.pnomm 4. •we el ..0-....cri now.... Th. go. dis...nsp nay allf•Pfn 0.041, C")MmIt POO • WA.. ceaUm ntan nay..., ........• nr........b Q. .".••••• 
'ono ore woloworr. olorrootopo..0.wr or *dirt. 
Wei Myr woos., orrot.co rood mot nimenorow dom. lento) Form oft. nor, Orsuroosintortonivnyron Yrne.44 ...oce°. one.. ..n ....o. mil tem./we swenr• no mgr. e.o.m.,/ nintorelmr. owl. wpm, in arm ripl lee 
M past envoi nr nworroicrosorn trot no onl wow., row ay torroolon room to now obaro moor. ornorwayntrooree none. ; now to motto) ne *Orono aro, stonon rot tarred w roonrorproi ...Rolm nowt how 
OnOlIFIMAI inf my .4,190100Mes elagirOomd Of 'martyrig. nee*. t000memonawcomen,cmonrm.....ne 
Mr .Nat no 11. Marpinr, PAIMMint innnurMin kw IvIlwnlionynnpmr*”..,.....0., 
lliselowilarni lei Itm Wit mi• al 1M pin, la ...ma na0$••••L OMP nu). 01 MOM/ led WM Oriel &row. 011•Orn. n torsos. tyrnonreow Ion Ito .0 Pao orroraft4 Fon mono Ono ow, Owe oirly new.. onwthrItryorl or.),  din 
rroo 
MO 
axe SC*. 
EFTA00727065
--- PAGE 7 ---
JPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Prepored for finnan 
Trust 
Co., 
of tune JO. 3010 
Asset Management 
Current l%• Coonsesedity rats 
ICAGITSD 
595 
%AVON) 
1241 57 
GIIPUSO 
1A9S1 
V5COPY 
1112 
>MUSD 
15325 
XPOUSD 
MSS 
SWIM) 
12.231 
mar 
54174 
USOCHI 
10778 
USOCAD 
10643 
AUDVS0 
1812 
USCHOK 
15018 
IRAs 
Natrona.' 
Currency 
Description 
Find Rate 
5.k... 0,.., 
Trade One 
Mateetty 
f Merin 
G.,' 
DM. 
tn. 
214.4r. SO 
15.1.0ar.11 
150554 0 
160 .10 
IDDiatrf I 
M0*(40 
590.000.000 
U50 
RIA 
005
IDADDIO 
$ 
11214,00 
SOCTOODO:0 
uSts 
AM% 
I kessal0 
S 
'WOO 
Closed PRA. Matt.t0.11.2aket 
s 
330.000 
. 12 WNW. 5 5144 11•51.' A to nle5.14.014.•
10.1/ ..1,5 •16 ex...0 tuinowc4.544.51 et Al.tesepeCus• • C., ass a awes/. 
marl* Alas EP Wow Otau ark NA • , 1 A 0 Union fl u 
CO, NA ari none. el 0.• rOC 1P Idnin locutio• MN. 925.510 as 
Otilote. GUM 1...5 vs% text C...15•52..ard Nu' Mee 
aid /Wane 'Aaron 
1049 Al's WU...MK 
niter 
.AID. SIC n roam 
INANpar.0..... 5 Ca try ormienw14.. cow team cyan of 45.4.1.6•4 .1,4144 NAN.. 
1156 leftwry A Woe ina.5•4 ea/./none 
popsy. 5./, • r6t .r. engorge It:nom. ..opal tenweetNe. dyne.) in vs iv...is a1 Ku ...a tiver......110..... e A4 ne, 1/4•51A5 Su ON Wean go be...womb east 42...041.. 5U/•••••4.0ralertalkal.U1C•5810Nli Or 
reennre 4 bawd Is taraeUer ensures oar /nerd 
cessacasen or deny 
Otlnaii NM 4•A nen COWIfti. us PI pw. 4, 1 we ntini n Mints xeiulfaa. 
ha geristerac.i. A roe 1, 15.04.9 te. PUNY Nun% IN. naNI5I11..01 hived ay.en+ el 
telchato IN sidrponhars . unr el wytea....441NNtani. l'a• tea./ bare beat. ip.rann.s•rareprotwoun.” 
Pc10 a0.0m crra a• non N •tel .... Si 51.1554115.1, fl oni al 6, 51•“••45ca<1.•••1 5 a ma ialemtlot 01No14, 41,P 11.8.15/W, N 5010 10 
Nch law 
Viwiae4 on...1.3 set
. pus 0.111.01n. Ill. &mu cognes Mar new re nu anal sureeruarceinusee au tetra sans 
ire Of • ffirleR gelatina I I Mit. 0 sonar. ohn"re• ma u{spa Ws wawa %fling". INT 011.1•040.110 °Whoa ter 
Sc paw
, 'Ina 
nvoc5......1 eskantem Duet eta red rairDnaS sari% a 
bud egos ranee novels reaches in M to auroral Ivrea. 
Isaacs slreSi err to roared To 014•115415.4
.001/...MaINNI.cemeNtancommedat Mae 
mud ,  neri 
intreAONwbage...A.,14cannee1.einfenedw 
partmltp. 
web...* 
loft ow arc low nwallirt en POIC of .0,1mm/won/NI 
Phan iskat per ll. NiNp.n155•1,0inlinnsir.41•• for lute 
nlane1on 5. Niw0 , 0 re 1, ....cloN 
11, 040.5111.10•1o. IN.* 
beer lie win. Nam 
.1 neap, 
•Nlmoybe prf A 4.0 anJ ie..10intol an i.e. GO/0*m if 0.0.41on !yawn 
cahr 11.. ,11.telln....0.
250 P no mow On.. ow% Sae WO, IS snOi....”PhoitY •rnI n0.....017t 
vat 
40201o3WlpMCMR so) 
EFTA00727066
--- PAGE 8 ---
IPM(3rgan Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Prepared for FinAMC iai Trust Co. as of Tune 10. .7010 
Asset Management 
CUTS* PIC dr Commodity MOH 
)(AGM) 
I.595 
MUUSO 
1241.47 
GOMM 
1.4551 
USOJPY 
1142 
XP US 
15315 
XPOUSD 
4435 
EURUSO 
11233 
USCG. 
54574 
USOCHI 
IOM 
USOCAD 
INTO 
AUOUSO 
OW 
1/501104 
&SOS 4 
Reed Inceene 
Trade Date 
Maturity 
UP Rating 
Is.... 
initial USD 
Cost 
Fme Amount 
Ovation 
c,,,,..... 
cr.apa.n 
Goss Out 
Date 
retry level 
Cunt., Rid 
Gainitant 1050) 
12.40e IO 
IF 
le 
I. 
C.T0 
t .SIO0O000 
1500.000 
S44 
IF 
.10 
100000 
ISA12 
Closed timed Interne MarY•te.Market 
25.042 
...O. map. have Mat' haw reamer, Nine rs• troomu billine tvrewesedaud te At maiernOa.• a Tea ass a ritdd
 remeasse IA mmpaOtsie ea% MA as Tr. mugn twat.. sia are nen:one. ,era[ IP. Ua.a SOCIWIle. Mt WIPAC• • 
omen al Int Mew vos yRal t•Own• in J cee nor./ arehtral Warta PIO a me IreavOtoln.n•Taw %MO. WC n Salo,  oranean Thee* To .eat Me,* eine. P.To tnte draew reePoTTT *Taw, snMea 
th r I elan n a bnq p wile I bp nlaninonI ...pme Mr 4.0%, q w agorae., v. r siwni iragennmcoravred n lin mmese all Ten evnoirang dowered's", metiallap Mk ad aerie, te anynarTrOT need etrotara Patnesab.ten/neaton talcoldom or 
ronale. a Mend is se neatila 00nd, ntl tyre., Mle•gektstera C. aelte 0.I.9n ail ...I.Ors (cairn* RE Win,. evl •rt nt•RI SP OW,. wOl.,..... IN  POW",......
, "MO.. 0 Sn'aMb Th, "•,•••, •""
1".
,.."
1/4'w 
petTarlen hi neorelure a she, eny snared reamer.. overuse OK. Mt, lia allneSn iadeetapenmer WOO ;MO." .a. art 01.61/ 41 OINIAP ...Mt 4TaroalrerseeTbel any.... eausudainn w Ma sroarnuir. eborraet spa. maw or Omar Iv 
willow Vdesion no•Oel nOssi gra alrninen Ow *Ma amain. nem nen nye, drawl vatinea.Mntrninen Venous!. par...tie OM Offseint rocantsierallares•We orsireawe edsnoino UM wand xileaters berevne wren Mob Oared ea 
Ou peerage, ma re nrimerslukalrion. treetenas 44 ismarlel ',Mee boudrion remit novels ar4InneTae lie ow aenincestal 0n. wanes taresTe be motto, neatepOnneePinruwerannitonienlymotriaroaaterAdronalebtfu.. 
III1044.1111WW0 MI •TMA001.0)ers O. OFIlarad Or guortin4 W. on bet. to...town ion mow'', eir,C4C w arylproinmemili 
Pleasmeeint nu 1 a IT won nrdoteltint Tonserartoeler hater nionalen or neanMe en enamor. 
Ike weeenrOaros kr fu mineral Peoria. Is ens. it na0PeneL ealaslyberalopdardsoT/Ornal ars mar. eseenlsea. tr Oterasen !yarn...idler Irene. TOPreer nisoheas4 4 ear nesse desie re, rewor•of IT lienTen .n.nidoltlyaal mere el Pr 
int 
2010.41404484006440). 
EFTA00727067
--- PAGE 9 ---
JPMorgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Prepared for rmatweal Trost Co. in of Ione 30. 1010 
Asset Management 
owned nc•ommoss. 
ILOOJSO 
+8595 
MUUSD 
1241.47 
COMO 
.4951 
WIMPY 
Nit 
Xrt...10 
15315 
)/0050 
4.0.5 
WIOJSO 
l.)218 
USW./ 
54534 
USIXHI 
10220 
LISOOD 
15441 
a.I.IDUS0 
0842 
MONO( 
65010 
4.aoat. 
t .p. ,y 
Otractton 
Notional 
Oat writy 
oa....pt.on 
t....d net. 
TY 
°myna, 
Orwinal 
Canons 
P. 
en. now, 
enure...ff. 0.) 
en. own, 
22.Atd.10 
Sold 
510.402.402 
USD 
SaIPUOA 
Iletekt* 
MOO 
0) a. 
.SW.0)) 
30.401.10 
20.1.4/.10 
Sold 
510.002.002 
USD 
SaipUon 
4.250% 
aeoeht.• 
5113.001 
131.: 
.5300.0)0 
30Apr.10 
2,04.W.10 
flougM 
S10.002,002 
USD 
Imaaphon 
4150% 
PeSer 
.5155.000 
So 
.3.Apr.10 
144n.10 
Sold 
S10.002,002 
USD 
Imaaphon 
4,5605 
n....... 
$125.001 
1.1511. 
.5521.501 
31.4%..10 
3}µ14O 
Sold 
510.002.002 
USD 
saipuon 
4.350{ 
at<eht.• 
SINN* 
1.36% 
.51.10150) 
Close Cvl 
dale 
2440.10 
20.4Alr 10 
114/14p10 
Plan.10 
M./W10 
emu Loa 0,501 
00440(4 
IN/SOU. 
IISS.0340 
156550(4 
11.0)4300/ 
Clond Swepbom laerk.lo.Pdarltet 
'10 Moon Pewee Da.' intenatedry rem ti. de ph.ao b.•141rO tulaurritied sy i P. tens Or a Cs.ard la ataillicerradamde a* lidowitOn Owe. NA ard it Mao. fret Cs. tow re remand Os CDC 'PAW,. Searma, or .101.61h • mot. 
Vw %eve.. Ilia tftbene4 WWI Nrlin.I4 wpm.. clown. MO • Ow Han *Om eerier W.A. fit h @film,. ParorcenOtae lea mos earn renew fOo Orol.e Oman e• van... garret,. 
oirlaeae.1• Se. re Weand to 4.00.0.nd poomor% us. h ray•••••044.ttociabo. Mannteunene a gnu mace al ow aorerOseeo•ionenarla 4.0.41.4 I. *km %MN .4 "nra.4, artot ram* lot navy 
orelre•Sam. 4101•1414 Or 
•••••16n. • OR, awl IOW ... We. bu wr oonrt ••••••ot. (enemies e diORrAy Connend torreievresoseen rids.... irde• ”yett O throe .00.4 ••• Oa P
 ork••••%* n .44 ......annt 0 .0snmstb TO•u+now I n •••••14.141 al i. any O. siiktr,/n• 
IN to pee...on ial• pl n, I hinc4 aireon. T. ty.d.r.../.../ me Mr WOW. neva...es iv, has • p.c.% .. 
a Mn..4.. i • trot.4u hove.. a on a...n.2 
.........3........ 
wan... tem *nw es foie. i ...one 
vaaarnr. gro...4 moon ow Nunn. de °moose/led Pa fence rend icei naamerouen.n.na, moron ....won 
waren ortog mon to: to swat dont.. niwasouu ear sow.. ss•ei tee ton °ow ...mt. examen. on Krt.. oi 
nd
es•eurt.“..... inrtr.x.r...4 ...logo./ oakenOra
ream.
 Orator. ream. .... *Mel red Pew ti.• tw no eno•ain 001 One P.
 0.1.40 gent neve, me cte Tutors al oe vent ••.$4 grind. o on
 et ra4.1 rronoria ••• "adman. rased 
ram 
.
par.. a ...ma:ant ar pa ...• .44 iry tea onvillohnr• IN, Mal ty lie MI( a • ars owaseal awe. 
Pena twin no. II Mgr ...PS 
rtinm•In. Iv .Lithe. “IresOn 0 wy NM art Innsill an 
Mo....min, Pm lint. He are *I I** Emmen %I Mante •4beet ... net 0.1 P.••••,/ 014 antOt. et 44 ue..Peor • Om c • Onkel, try ..W.O.,”......
,.... • 0.'N,  ia.:. ', ”. ,..W.........t. COM. •O Ote. i.d......i.." 
ant 
• ta ...., 
2010 "lomat thew • Co. 
EFTA00727068
--- PAGE 10 ---
JP Morgan 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary 
Prepared for F.nanaal Trost Co. in of one 10, 3010 
Asset Management 
41011414•14111044011444/7/ fele 
XA0151) 
1819$ 
31.41)1.60 
1241.47 
6130.130 
14951 
WIMPY 
Nit 
XP11.110 
15315 
x90050 
443.6 
1410.110 
11218 
1.11.110./ 
54614 
4.111:011. 
I 07)4 
V10Cb 
10141 
AllOUSO 
OW 
US11/10( 
65018 
Pal Rehm. '5 
pas  0.1. 
iff ovine 
Marlunty Defy 
Undaeftw, 
Ler‘1,14.4.1 
Than.. 
4-01. 
spread (boo 
A""'"
Noe 
1.11. 4 
Ingilatry 
entry PIK• 
Closed Poo* 
Gamic.. 0.1501 
AP,  10 
28Ap110 
2640110 
40tlmin A<M 
Le,  
)0.0,0 
3011 
0450% 
.10344 
1A81 RIO 
M4<01 
$16042 
15270930 
1231.40 
Intre t Oats 
Trade Dale 
Matwely 
Moak., 
211.Afx.10 
10.4.4..11 
WA...11 
054401 
venue/ Total Return swap% mer444.4wkei 
03140) 
Date 
n140.)nakl 
Cwrrenty 
Dew:notion 
fiord Rate 
Clete Owl
Gainless 10.01 
Oate 
115.002,000 
US0 
Na 1,4•401i 
1151% 
$11.717A1 
1540400 
Ll.<00 
113400.000 
000 
Na lo0Pay111 
1,330% 
$12.747,7 
15•1*.10 
$ 
127.0)0 
. 
2404010 
154002010 
NMrn0 
ziwan.to 
liftli.2010 
closed Infant Pale Swaps Gale.1.441 
S. 
500.000 
• 
. 
Clua
. 
0.,n,lp.IVf.I 
14.05.000 
050 
Pie 11/1104 III 
•4 
32809910 
1 
14.5300 
I 
11.030.00(0 
15.030400 
050 
1.11Treb900413 
46715 
laLNI 
13.93.7.50:1 
51494440 
140.145 
1840400 
1.155.404 
Closed 30,year map spread Mar10444.4erket 
S 
153430 
C101441Swas Mark to MarlEtt 
S 
393.962 
It moron arrneroar n ire nets, new ban amen ores, itanta tentdell IN 1 I Mew, Oar • Co. dled owner.. NI.. ?Pen 10 0109,•• Owe M. MA an010. 54,244 nal Co..n.. ow eaten al et rot it lane fee...et IMMO • never 
410.P.0 114 had today, ...i an...0.0w anew sonnot Pm as.. inan45...wora WOW h aIIta 0010stenOue. IC4 etrn sew •setek MI. Wu 03010. hoe.. admen Minn 
11.0,4,....,3 • le, 
.AM 1., int...yr,' p6rpqms poh, age, n W.W.II Se '10 Ort-p... Sernelenscpand e env...n.0 .......asepen onynenns.....0.0.ni Wow. Genie nanyinfirdkeanevalanneenne,n1ownneer0.4s0nor 
ans.... 411ene41fle n'aa,140 ...... 01..^^ 14 onaooro 0. ......., A... , e4n/naswee.nea•Maln.r. ant an ....au Piny nn e.a WS kW Opf Otani • .4 oats...lea...0ns MI nen Is 01.4 4•1014.4 a af.eallannactutla • 
WO. int.• 1..14 
rurt...“
.... 1,0. 01.14.410. 1.0.11,01.". 01001.000001,..01,..011•entow.e. a rdadIMAII119 0.11..noo rennin. vary ma' ONT.. 1eele e,  el meNf own, Waive' ion*. saw or I ...Lev:0 mow 
VAiarbal• 1......g ,~.1.een 4•5 nu. 0,  Ito 4+40 *aloft] ‘••••• n•••• to se :ft cal noonntgennas in mutat 4,sen lo• an inn. pun WI non* swan. awn.. ns ',soma. ..ow .r...1 ea IN1 n ann... 
brand MI ICI en gsge a 
rana 'an" 4 4,"
.". 
‘.1.
0'..." 4. 1. 1. 1.4 Pail.. 11...4 .0.......`'.....a 
" .... (.. 0................. 
PSC... 0" an" 1401 nflaralem011...4.615..14.411•••”.n.N.1.•1344 rnlaa/1.11“.• nn Sion ar0 ••• 
......04.......0........snas. penoleelly.rfere or ad.. op anew von, n Sn RICA a, Otegnr,••••• dont 
koaq•tut•a,<0. ill` 0A0401,0•0•0•Mretriellat..10 IViI.104,01.... a .0,001•18e, Vaunt., 
Td a inneff.1014 0. u. a 01 IM tes.en %) MO1 II a adIvvotk w nee Oa pr.ls:s1 anl ote44•11.1 Ati .0, anlaa kW, n 0414.. trie twin IOW Milo •40••••• a 0.4,NId t1,44.00.0m110.1, libel@ day, so traw.avaima. sad want a wee, 
1VIOIONR4.y.O.SM. 
EFTA00727069

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727070.pdf
----------------------------------------
LaserSculpt Inc. 
Quarterly Income Statement 
Three months ended September 30, 2009 
(Unaudited) 
Revenues 
Network fees 
$ 
69,771 
License fees 
707,167 
776,938 
Variable Operating Costs 
Media & advertising 
154,705 
Telemarketing 
25,946 
Shipping & fulfillment 
19,329 
Client management 
Payment processing 
300 
200,281 
Gross Margin 
576,657 
Sales, General & Administrative Costs 
Marketing 
656,555 
Sales and operations 
64,395 
Information technology 
4,963 
General and administrative 
152,284 
878,198 
Net Income (Loss) from Operations 
(301,541) 
Other Income/(Expense) 
(25,000) 
Net Income (Loss) Before Taxes 
(326,541) 
Provision for Corporate Taxes 
Net Income (Loss) 
$ 
(326,541) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INTERNAL USE ONLY 
EFTA00727070
--- PAGE 2 ---
LaserSculpt Inc. 
Balance Sheet 
September 30, 2009 
(Unaudited) 
30-Sep-09 
30-Jun-09 
ASSETS 
CURRENT ASSETS 
Cash 
$ 
27,201 
Prepaid video production costs 
$ 
589,709 
Receivables-network 
99,023 
Deposits 
7,250 
7,250 
Prepaid expenses 
61,055 
Total current assets 
194,528 
596,959 
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 
Website 
32,066 
32,066 
$ 
226,594 
$ 
629,025 
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY 
CURRENT LIABILITIES 
Debentures payable 
$ 
500,000 
$ 
Note payable- acquisition 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
Accounts payable 
39,017 
132,417 
Accrued expenses 
37,361 
2,083 
Deferred revenue 
293,333 
822,000 
1,869,710 
1,956,500 
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
Common stock; $0.001 par value; 50,000,000 
shares authorized ; 15,090,000 shares issued 
and outstanding 
15,090 
14,000 
Additional paid In capital 
(640,761) 
(640,761) 
Retained earnings (deficit) 
(1,017,445) 
(700,714) 
(1,643,116) 
(1,327,475) 
$ 
226,594 
$ 
629,025 
CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INTERNAL USE ONLY 
EFTA00727071
--- PAGE 3 ---
LaserSculpt Inc. 
Quarterly Cash Flow Statement 
Three months ended September 30, 2009 
(Unaudited) 
Cash flows from operating activities: 
Net Income (Loss) 
$ 
(326,541) 
Change in assets and liabilities: 
Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable 
(99,023) 
Decrease (increase) in prepaid production costs 
589,709 
Decrease (increase) in other prepaid expenses 
(61,055) 
(Decrease) increase in accounts payable 
(93,400) 
(Decrease) increase in accrued expenses 
35,277 
(Decrease) increase in deferred revenue 
(528,667)
Net cash provded (used) by operating activities 
(483,699) 
Cash flows from investing activities: 
Net cash provded (used) by investing activities 
Cash flows from financing activities: 
Increase (decrease) in debentures payable 
Proceeds from common stock issued 
Net cash provded (used) by financing activities 
Net increase (decrease) in cash 
Cash, beginning of period 
Cash, end of period 
500,000 
10,900 
510,900 
27,201 
$ 
27,201 
CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INTERNAL USE ONLY 
EFTA00727072

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727073.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727073.pdf
----------------------------------------
TRANSFER INSTRUCTION 
Dear Sirs, 
As per following instructions, I kindly ask you to transfer 
AMOUNT. 
BENEFICIARY: 
Beneficiary: 
IBAN USD: 
BENEFICIARY'S BANK: 
Name: 
SWIFT-BIC: 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
Valartis Bank AG, Zurich 
CORRESPONDENT BANK FOR USD: 
Correspondent: 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, New York 
SWIFT Code: 
Account: 
Chips UID: 
REFERENCE: 
Best regards, 
CHASUS33 
EFTA00727073

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727074.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727074.pdf
----------------------------------------
TRANSFER INSTRUCTION 
CASH TRANSFERS 
BENEFICIARY: 
Beneficiary: 
IBAN USD: 
IBAN EUR: 
IBAN CAD: 
BENEFICIARY'S BANK: 
Name: 
SWIFT-BIC: 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
Valartis Bank AG, Zrich 
CORRESPONDENT BANK FOR USD: 
Correspondent: 
SWIFT Code: 
Account: 
Chips UID: 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, New York 
CORRESPONDENT BANK FOR EUR: 
Correspondent: 
Swiss Euro Clearing Bank, Frankfurt 
SWIFT Code: 
IBAN: 
CORRESPONDENT BANK FOR CAD: 
Correspondent: 
Royal Bank of Canada, Toronto 
SWIFT Code: 
IBAN: 
EFTA00727074
--- PAGE 2 ---
TRANSFER INSTRUCTION 
ASSETS TRANSFERS 
BENEFICIARY: 
Beneficiary: 
Safekeeping 
Account: 
BENEFICIARY'S BANK: 
Name: 
SWIFT-BIC: 
Financial Trust Company, Inc 
Valartis Bank AG, Zurich 
SETTLEMENT INSTRUCTIONS: 
Please send a depository request by fax to our Settlement Department 
Fax: 
EFTA00727075

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727076.pdf
----------------------------------------
FinanzNachrichtenide 
MAE NEWS ZU AKIIEN. HORSE UNO W1RESCHAET 
16.12.2009 19:28 
UPDATE 2-MOVES-BMO, Newedge, ING 
(Adds BMO Capital Markets Newedge, ING Groep NV, Pioneer Investments, The Cooper Union 
for the Advancement of Science and Art) 
Dec 16 (Reuters) - The following financial services industry appointments were announced on 
Wednesday. 
THE COOPER UNION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF SCIENCE AND ART 
Trustees of The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art elected Mark Epstein as 
Chairman of the Board at its December meeting. Epstein, who is a general partner of Dara 
Partners LP and President of Ossa Properties Inc, has been a Trustee since 2004 and was 
elected Vice Chairman in 2007. 
EFTA00727076

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727077.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727077.pdf
----------------------------------------
Finding a replacement: 
9/13/2010 — 5PM — Spoke to Steve from ETC and he is not interested. He is very happy in a new position 
he has taken up at ETC. 
9/13/2010 — 4PM — Spoke with Jonathon Zhukovsky and Daniel Jackson regarding IT Needs here. They 
have recommended Innovative Technical Services out of Stamford, CT. 
Website: 
Phone: 
9/14/2010 — 9AM — spoke to Dave Lampert. He cannot do a switch now but is certainly willing to talk at 
a later point in time. Ghislaine has left him a voicemail and he will becalling her back later today. 
9/14/2010 — 9:15AM — Called Innovative Network Solutions. They were recommended by Jonathon 
Zhukovsky and Daniel Jackson at Highbridge. They are paging someone and will be getting back to me 
momentarily. 
9/14/2010 - 9:30AM- spoke to Thomas Broderick at TekSystems. TekSystems is an IT recruiting 
company that matches contract/contract to hire/and permanent candidates with companies. He would 
like to speak to someone in HR(?) about the terms of a service agreement outlining their role, details 
and buyout options. I am putting together a job description for him today. 
Thomas Broderick 
New York, NY 10017 
9/14/2010 - 9:40AM — Spoke to Jack at innovative Network Solutions. They are a service provider. 
Sounds like they would be willing to work with us to consolidate services and host servers. Jack was 
engaged in another call and will call back. 
9/14/2010 - 10:30AM — Spoke with Jack again. We discussed the position and explained more of what 
Innovative Solutions typically offers. They normally provide all facets of technical support including 
wiring, telephony, networking, web design, etc. Typically, a support representative will spend a few 
days of a week on-site resolving issues. Jack works in the Network Operations group and admitted he 
was probably not the person I want to speak to. He is forwarding my contact information to the 
company owners who will be calling me back. 
EFTA00727077
--- PAGE 2 ---
9/14/2010 — 10:45AM — Spoke with TAZ from Innovative Technical Services. He is one of the company 
Partners. He will be in the city tomorrow and suggested a meet. We described the existing solutions 
here and whether or not a full time resource was required. We suggested the possibility of migrating 
critical services into a hosting solution they offer where hardware is managed and maintained by their 
support personnel and that user issues are directed to a support center. After 15 minutes without 
resolution, the issue would be immediately escalated. We have set up a meeting for tomorrow 
morning. They are emailing details. 
EFTA00727078

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727079.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727079.pdf
----------------------------------------
Finding a replacement: 
9/13/2010 — 5PM — Spoke to Steve from ETC and he is not interested. He is very happy in a new position 
he has taken up at ETC. 
9/13/2010 — 4PM — Spoke with Jonathon Zhukovsky and Daniel Jackson regarding IT Needs here. They 
have recommended Innovative Technical Services out of Stamford, CT. 
Website: http://inscnet.com/ 
Phone 
9/14/2010 — 9AM — spoke to Dave Lampert. He cannot do a switch now but is certainly willing to talk at 
a later point in time. Ghislaine has left him a voicemail and he will becalling her back later today. 
9/14/2010 — 9:15AM — Called Innovative Network Solutions. They were recommended by Jonathon 
Zhukovsky and Daniel Jackson at Highbridge. They are paging someone and will be getting back to me 
momentarily. 
9/14/2010 - 9:30AM- spoke to 
Broderick at TekSystems. TekSystems is an IT recruiting 
company that matches contract/contract to hire/and permanent candidates with companies. He would 
like to speak to someone in HR(?) about the terms of a service agreement outlining their role, details 
and buyout options. I am putting together a job description for him today. 
Broderick 
757 3rd Avenue Suite 201 
New York, NY 10017 
9/14/2010 - 9:40AM — Spoke to Jack at innovative Network Solutions. They are a service provider. 
Sounds like they would be willing to work with us to consolidate services and host servers. Jack was 
engaged in another call and will call back 
9/14/2010 - 10:30AM — Spoke with Jack again. We discussed the position and explained more of what 
Innovative Solutions typically offers. They normally provide all facets of technical support including 
wiring, telephony, networking, web design, etc. Typically, a support representative will spend a few 
days of a week on-site resolving issues. Jack works in the Network Operations group and admitted he 
was probably not the person I want to speak to. He is forwarding my contact information to the 
company owners who will be calling me back. 
EFTA00727079
--- PAGE 2 ---
9/14/2010 — 10:45AM — Spoke with TAZ from Innovative Technical Services. He is one of the company 
Partners. He will be in the city tomorrow and suggested a meet. We described the existing solutions 
here and whether or not a full time resource was required. We suggested the possibility of migrating 
critical services into a hosting solution they offer where hardware is managed and maintained by their 
support personnel and that user issues are directed to a support center. After 15 minutes without 
resolution, the issue would be immediately escalated. We have set up a meeting for tomorrow 
morning. They are emailing details. 
9/14/2010 — 1:00PM — Spoke to Ben Saberin at Ike's suggestion. We discussed the position and he is 
following up with individuals who may be a compatible fit. 
is researching compensation. 
9/14/2010 — 2:00 PM — spoke to Taz 
from Innovative Solutions in Stamford. He and his 
partner will be stopping by tomorrow afternoon at 4pm to discuss their services. 
9/14/2010 — 2:20PM — 
emailed a contact from 
and went directly to voicemail. Left a message. 
Contacted Andreas Zielke at 
EFTA00727080

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727081.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727081.pdf
----------------------------------------
Finding a replacement: 
9/13/2010 — 3PM — Spoke with Richard Boltz from Valcomm in New Mexico. He is interested, but does 
not have the experience with the Windows Server infrastructure. I don't think that he will e a good fit. 
9/13/2010 — 4PM — Spoke with Jonathon Zhukovsky and Daniel Jackson regarding IT needs here. They 
have recommended Innovative Technical Services out of Stamford, CT. 
Website: http://inscnet.com/ 
Phone: 877-605-4498 
9/13/2010 — 5PM — Spoke to Steve from ETC and he is not interested. He is very happy in a new position 
he has taken up at ETC. 
9/14/2010 — 9AM — spoke to Dave Lampert. He cannot do a switch now but is certainly willing to talk at 
a later point in time. Ghislaine has left him a voicemail and he will becalling her back later today. 
9/14/2010 — 9:15AM — Called Innovative Network Solutions. They were recommended by Jonathon 
Zhukovsky and Daniel Jackson at Highbridge. They are paging someone and will be getting back to me 
momentarily. 
9/14/2010 - 9:30AM- spoke to 
Broderick at TekSystems. TekSystems is an IT recruiting 
company that matches contract/contract to hire/and permanent candidates with companies. He would 
like to speak to someone in HR(?) about the terms of a service agreement outlining their role, details 
and buyout options. I am putting together a job description for him today. 
Broderick 
757 3rd Avenue Suite 201 
New York, NY 10017 
9/14/2010 - 9:40AM — Spoke to Jack at innovative Network Solutions. They are a service provider. 
Sounds like they would be willing to work with us to consolidate services and host servers. Jack was 
engaged in another call and will call back 
9/14/2010 - 10:30AM — Spoke with Jack again. We discussed the position and explained more of what 
Innovative Solutions typically offers. They normally provide all facets of technical support including 
wiring, telephony, networking, web design, etc. Typically, a support representative will spend a few 
days of a week on-site resolving issues. Jack works in the Network Operations group and admitted he 
was probably not the person I want to speak to. He is forwarding my contact information to the 
company owners who will be calling me back. 
9/14/2010 - 10:45AM — Spoke with TAZ from Innovative Technical Services. He is one of the company 
Partners. He will be in the city tomorrow and suggested a meet. We described the existing solutions 
EFTA00727081
--- PAGE 2 ---
here and whether or not a full time resource was required. We suggested the possibility of migrating 
critical services into a hosting solution they offer where hardware is managed and maintained by their 
support personnel and that user issues are directed to a support center. After 15 minutes without 
resolution, the issue would be immediately escalated. We have set up a meeting for tomorrow 
morning. They are emailing details. 
9/14/2010 - 1:00PM — Spoke to Ben Saberin at Ike's suggestion. We discussed the position and he is 
following up with individuals who may be a compatible fit. 
is researching compensation. 
9/14/2010 - 2:00 PM — spoke to Tazif 
from Innovative Solutions in Stamford. He and his 
partner will be stopping by tomorrow afternoon at 4pm to discuss their services. 
9/14/2010 - 2:20PM — 
emailed a contact from 
land went directly to voicemail. Left a message. 
Contacted Andreas Zielke 
9/15/2010 - 9:00AM — called and emailed Reynaldo Pacheco. There was no answer at the phone 
number on his resume so I left a message. I sent an email as well requesting he reply with the best time 
to talk. 
9/15/2010 - 9:30AM — Reynaldo emailed back. He is available to talk at 11:30am today. I am going to 
speak with him then. 
9/15/2010 — 9:45AM — 
received a copy of the Job description. She is acquainted with a 
company that has just laid off all of their IT people and thinks there may be a fit there. She is going to 
have them contact me. 
9/15/2010 - 10:30AM — Spoke to Dima who Bella had suggested. Seems capable; a bit difficult for me to 
understand at times. He missed some technical questions I asked and has very limited experience 
supporting OS X. Probably not a fit that can just pickup and run with the existing infrastructure. 
9/15/2010 - 11:30AM — Spoke to Rey Pacheco 
who was recommended by Ben Saberin 
through Ike =1. Easier to talk to than Dima. He missed some technical questions and has little to nu 
Unix \OS X experience. 
EFTA00727082

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727083.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727083.pdf
----------------------------------------
DATE: 
May 1, 2009 
Mock Jury Study Bid 
TO: 
Joe Guastaferro 
PHONE: 
Joe Guastaferro 
CELL: 
FROM: 
DATE: 
Mark Eddy 
TBD 
TIMES: 
8:30am, 1:00pm 
lie have the weekends of the 61" and the 136 of June — shall l confirm? 
RESPONDENT INCENTIVE $150 
I didn't think we agreed on this price for all the participants and will talk to him about that I 
thought we were just talking about going to this range if recruiting became a difficulty for the 
p.m. session. The incentive fee of $150 is still quite reasonable. The axiom "when you pay 
peanuts you get monkeys" is very true in focus group recruitment 
Recruit for 4 three hour Focus Group sessions. 
Recruit 16 for 14-16 to show each session. 
Recruit a good mix of respondents regarding gender, age, race/ethnicity and education. 
We can be more specific about this without having to pay for the purchase of a specialized 
demographic list We talk about the case so much and become inured to the moral outrage that 
average jurors are going to jump to. I am sure that Mike will try to trigger that in his presentation 
of the plaintiff's case. I wonder if African Americans are going to be particularly incensed? 
Recruiting 
Facility 
$75 per recruit 
$1,500 per day 
DVD Recording Stationary 
$200 per session 
This is the fixed camera that shoots from behind the mirrored wall. It has proven very useful in 
the past. They also include an audio tape of the conversation which I have sometimes paid to 
have transcribed. Not easy to do but depending on the discussion we want to analyze it could be 
very useful. 
Monitor/DVD Player 
$100 per day 
There is not a video feed from the playback deck in the jury room to the client's room. I guess 
most of the marketing research they do does not use video presentations. For us this means that 
we have to have two copies of whatever videos we are using. One plays from the DVD deck in the 
room and the other is started simultaneously on another deck in the back room so the clients can 
watch what the jurors are watching. It works out rather smoothly but if you don't think we need 
to watch the taped statements of the characters we are going to create for the study we can 
el'► i  ate this cost 
Respondent Food 
$10-12 per respondent 
This will be for bagels and coffee for the a.m. groups and we can come up with something 
appropriate for those we call at 1:00 without having to feed them lunch. 
Tel. 
• 
/ Fax. 
EFTA00727083
--- PAGE 2 ---
Client Food 
$23-50 per client 
This figure always ends up being much more than I expect it to be. Two factors: At the last minute 
the legal team decides to invite others 'just to get their reaction" and the food gets ordered from 
"Two-Jays" or some comparable high priced "deli." We can control this as well. 
COSTS PER GROUP INCLUDES: 
Full time host and dual audio taping 
ADDITIONAL COSTS: 
Respondent fees, video recording, 
Respondent/client meals 
IT IS OUR POLICY THAT HONORARIUM FEES BE SENT TO US ONE WEEK BEFORE 
PROJECT DATE. 
FIELD & FOCUS OFFERS ACTIVEGROUP SERVICES FOR VIEWING YOUR GROUPS ONLINE. 
PLEASE VISIT WWW.ACTIVEGROUP.NET FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. 
WE LOOK FORWARD TO WORKING WITH YOU. 
When we agree to the terms and conditions I will put Mark directly in touch with Mike or whomever 
we decide is going to authorize and make the payments. 
Tel. 
. 
/ Fax. 
EFTA00727084

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727085.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727085.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rock Legal Services & Investigations, Inc. I I 
SUBJECT: FISTEN, Michael 
TELEPHONE: 
c ROCK LEGAL SERVICES & INVESTIGATIONS, INC. 
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA 33407 
FACSLVILIE.
Investigation Report 
REQUESTOR: Mike Pike 
SUBJECT: 
Fisten, Michael 
ASSIGNMENT: 2 days of video surveillance. 
INVESTIGATION SUMMARY 
The subject was observed over a 2 day period, totaling about 20 hours of onsite surveillance, with the 
following results: 
On Thursday April 22, 2010, the investigator conducted surveillance from 700am to 330pm, with the 
following results. The subject was followed to a law office of Michael Levin which he stayed for about 
minutes. Then he drove to the law office of Farmer Jaffe and stayed for about 90 minutes. 
On Tuesday April 27, 2010 The investigator conducted surveillance from 715am to 730pm, with the 
following results. The subject was followed to a breakfast meeting with Kenneth Jenne II at Lester's 
Diner that lasted about 1 hour. The subject then went to the law office of Farmer Jaffe and was there 
from 10am to 615pm and then was followed back home to his residence. 
VIDEO TAPE SUMMARY 
The video obtained during the surveillance documents the subject: 
• 
Visiting a law office at 1900 N Commerce Parkway in Westin. 
• 
Working at the Farmer Jaffe Law Firm at 425 N Andrews Ave in Fort Lauderdale. 
• 
Having a breakfast meeting with Kenneth Jenne II at Lester's Diner. 
Rock Legal Services & Invest' a 
., West Palm Beach, FIE. 33407 
EFTA00727085
--- PAGE 2 ---
Rock Legal Services & Investigations, Inc. 12 
SUBJECT: FISTEN, Michael 
April 28. 2030 
INVESTIGATION DETAILS 
Subject's Name: instal, Michael 
Social Security 0: 
Date of Birth: aEll 
MEM 
Race/Gender: Wht/male 
Height/Weight: 
Photo of Subject 
Subject's Address: 
Description: 
Subject's Vehicle #1: 
Make/Model: 08 Chevy Impala 
Color: Silver 
Tag #: Florida 
Subject's Vehicle #2: 
Make/Model: Mercedes C230K 4dr 
Color: Red 
Tag #: Florida 
Photo of Residence 
Photo of Vehicle #1 
l
Rock Legal Services & In vesti • ii ' 
., West Palm Beach, FL 33407 
• 
EFTA00727086
--- PAGE 3 ---
Rock Legal Services & Investigations, Inc. 13 
SUBJECT: FISTEN, Michael 
SURVEILLANCE VIDEO STILLS 
Rock Legal Services & Investigations, inc. 
, West Palm Beach, FL 33407 
EFTA00727087
--- PAGE 4 ---
Rock Legal Services & Investigations, Inc.  4 
SUBJECT: FISTEN, Michael 
SURVEILLANCE REPORT 
THURSDAY April 22, 2010 
600am 
The investigator left the office. 
709am 
The investigator arrived at the subject's residence address in the 
community. The 
subject's Impala was parked in front of the Apt's garage. The garage was closed and the Mercedes was 
not seen. There was no visible activity, the investigator took a surveillance position. 
1020am 
The subject left the apt alone in the Impala. 
1029am 
The subject entered an industrial/office park off Westin Rd called Weston Park of Commerce. 
The subject's vehicle was located at 1900 N Commerce Parkway in Westin 33326. The office was a Law 
Office. 
1101am 
The subject exited the law office with another unidentified white male. They walked over to the Impala 
and conversed out of sight for a couple moments. 
1104am 
The subject left alone in the Impala and the UNID male went back into the law office. 
1127am 
The subject drove to downtown Fort Lauderdale near the courthouse. He made a suspicious driving 
pattern as he made 4 left turns around I city block and didn't stop and continued on his prior path going 
north. 
1135am 
The subject arrived at 425 N Andrews Ave and parked in the rear of the building. The address was 
known as the Farmer Jaffe Law Firm for Brad Edwards. The subject went inside the office via the back 
access gate. 
1249pm 
The subject exited the building and walked to his vehicle. The subject left alone in the Impala. 
107pm 
The subject drove back downtown and circled the same city block as before. This time he parked along 
the street in a metered space right in front of the 110 N Broward Blvd. The subject was no seen when he 
got out and it was undetermined where he went. 
113pm 
The investigator circled the block to fmd a parking place and the subject's vehicle was gone by that time. 
The investigator searched the area and also went back to the Fanner Jaffe Law firm. The subject's 
vehicle was not seen in the area. The investigator reported the results and continued to search. 
Rock Legal Services & Investi ations Inc. 
, West Palm Beach, FL 33407 
• 
EFTA00727088
--- PAGE 5 ---
I 
Rock Legal Services & Investigations, Inc. 5 
SUBJECT: FISTEN, Michael 
156pm 
The investigator arrived at the Law Office at 1900 N Commerce Pkwy where the subject had been, and 
did not see the subject or his vehicle. 
202pm 
The investigator checked the subject's residence in 
vehicle. 
d did not see the subject's 
320pm 
The investigator checked a known residence at 358 El Brillo Way in Palm Beach and did not see the 
subject or his vehicle. The surveillance was suspended for the day. 
400pm 
The investigator returned to the office. 
TUESDAY April 27, 2010 
615am 
The investigator left the office. 
719am 
The investigator arrived at the subject's residence and documented the Red Mercedes parked outside in 
front of the garage and the Impala was also parked in front of the apt. 
821am 
The subject left the apt alone in the Impala. 
847am 
The subject drove very reckless and exceeded the speed limit all the way to the Lester's Diner at 250 
SR84 in Fort Lauderdale. He parked and entered the diner wearing black shoes, black dress pants and a 
greenish brown short sleeve collared shirt, 
The investigator entered the diner and observed the subject sitting in a booth eating and convening with 
one other unidentified male. The male was older, in his 60s, dressed in a tan colored sport coat and white 
collared shirt. The male was balding on top and had eye glasses. 
The investigator elected to wait in the parking lot for them to exit. 
955pm 
The subject and UNID male exited the diner together and walked into the parking lot. They stood in front 
of the other male's vehicle talking. 
957pm 
The u ect
 away and over to his Impala. The UNID male got into a white Toyota Canny, FL 
tagf$M=. 
The subject drove away in the Impala and the male left in the Canny. 
The Toy Camry to w 
an 
• 
Owner: 
Registered to: 
The investigator followed the subject. 
Rock Legal Services & Investi 
"e 
., West Palm Beach, FL 33407 
• 
EFTA00727089
--- PAGE 6 ---
Rock Legal Services & Investigations, Inc. 16 
SUBJECT: FISTEN, Michael 
1009am 
The subject arrived at the Farmer Jaffe Law office at 425 N Andrews Ave, and parked in the same rear 
parking lot and entered the building. 
616pm 
The subject remained inside the law office all day and then came out and left alone in the Impala. 
625pm 
The investigator lost contact with the subject in traffic, due to a train. 
654pm 
The investigator drove directly to the subject's apt at San Michelle. Upon arrival the subject's Impala 
was not seen, and the Red Mercedes had been moved and was now parked across the street from the Apt. 
657pm 
The subject arrived home and drove into the San Michelle community. He drove back to his Apt and 
parked in front of his garage. 
728pm 
The investigator terminated the surveillance. The subject remained in the Apt and both the vehicles were 
present at time of termination. 
830pm 
The investigator returned to the office. 
CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS 
Approximately 8 minutes of subject video documentation was obtained throughout the course of this 
investigation. 
Based on our observations to date, the subject continues to work for Fanner Jaffe and has contact with at 
least one other law firm. The subject met with Kenneth Jenne. 
ENCLOSURES: Video CD 
Rock Legal Services & Investi a ions In 
, West Palm Beach, FL 33407 
• 
EFTA00727090

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727091.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727091.pdf
----------------------------------------
REMINDER 
PLEASE RENEW 
It is time to renew your membership in the Vladimir Nabokov Society, which includes 
receipt of the two annual issues of The Nabokovian. We encourage all Society members to 
please continue to add at least $1 to their annual dues payment which will be forwarded to 
Zembla, the essential Nabokov-related Website 
The 2010 membership/subscription rate remains at $19.00 
Please note the new postage situation which has been established by the US Postal Service for 
delivery outside the USA: There is only one rate now — and all is for airmail. For postage to 
Canada, add $5.00.  For postage to anywhere else outside the USA. add $12. 
Please make payment by check or cash (credit cards not accepted; checks must be from US 
banks). Checks should be made payable to: VLADIMIR NABOKOV SOCIETY. 
Send payment to: Vladimir Nabokov Society 
Slavic Languages Department 
2134 Wescoe, 1445 Jayhawk Blvd 
Kansas University 
Lawrence, KS 66045-7590 
USA 
If you have any items you wish to convey (work in progress, publications to appear or published, 
queries, etc.) please note them below. 
Thank you for your continuing membership and support, which are crucial for the on-going 
function of the Society and publication of The Nabokovian. There has been a drop in 
membership, and thus a drop in income, and if that continues, the Society and the 
publication will cease to exist. So PLEASE continue your membership. 
Stephen Jan Parker 
Secretary/Treasurer 
Editor, The Nabokovian 
EFTA00727091
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
lq 
j 
COLLEGE OE 
LIBERAL ARTS 
& SCIENCES 
The Unhersityof Kansas 
Slavic languages and IJceratures 
Wescoe Hail 
1445 Jayhiwk B14. Room 2133 
Lawrence. KS 66045 7590 
A.24X74.4T-4:•:CIT'0' 
147AFF...alit Pfc. s T. 
FLORIDA SCIENCE FOUNDATION 
250 SOUTH AUSTRALIEN 
SUITE 1404 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401 
Zi34O1SSO 
EFTA00727092
--- PAGE 3 ---
-
EFTA00727093

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727094.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727094.pdf
----------------------------------------
AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT 
This AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is entered into 
this 
day of May, 2010, between SHMITKA AIR INC., a corporation having an office and 
place of business in New York, New York (the "Operator") and SIKORKSY AIRCRAFT 
CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation having an office and place of business in Stratford, 
Connecticut ("Sikorsky"). 
RECITALS 
WHEREAS, Operator owns and has operational control of that certain S-76C-HF aircraft 
with manufacturer's serial number 760750 (the "Aircraft"); and 
WHEREAS, Operator employs a fully qualified flight crew to operate the Aircraft; and 
WHEREAS, Operator and Sikorsky desire that Operator provide to Sikorsky and those 
customers of Sikorsky requested by Sikorsky in writing pursuant to the terms of this Agreement 
(collectively, the "Passengers") with transportation on board the Aircraft and using Operator's 
flight crew on a Time Sharing basis as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 91.501(c)(1)', subject to the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement. 
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
TERM 
This Agreement shall commence on May 
2010, and shall continue until such time 
as Operator or Sikorsky terminates this Agreement. Either party hereto may at any time 
terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other party. 
REIMBURSEMENT FOR USE OF AIRCRAFT 
Sikorsky shall pay Operator for each flight conducted under this Agreement the amounts 
allowed under 14 C.F.R. § 91.501(d) for each specific flight. These expenses are limited to: 
I) Fuel, oil, lubricants and other additives. 
2) Travel expenses of the crew, including food, lodging and ground transportation. 
3) Hangar and tie down costs away from the Aircraft's base of operation. 
4) Insurance obtained for the specific flight. 
5) Landing fees, airport taxes and similar assessments. 
6) Customs, foreign permit, and similar fees directly related to the flight. 
7) In-flight food and beverages. 
An arrangement whereby a person uses his airplane and crew to provide air transportation services to another 
person, and no charge is made for the flights conducted under that arrangement other than those specified in 
paragraph (d) of section 91.501. 
Shmitka Air Inc. Time Sharing Agreement 
Page I 
EFTA00727094
--- PAGE 2 ---
8) Passenger ground transportation. 
9) Flight planning and weather contract services. 
10) An additional charge equal to 100% of the expenses listed in item (1) above. 
Operator shall pay all such expenses related to the operation of the Aircraft and will 
provide an invoice, bill and related supporting documentation to Sikorsky for the expenses 
enumerated in the list above within fifteen (15) days after the end of the month in which any 
flight or flights for the account of Sikorsky occur. Sikorsky shall pay Operator for such expenses 
within thirty (30) days of receipt of the invoice and bill therefor. 
PILOTS 
Operator shall employ, pay for and provide to Sikorsky a qualified flight crew for each 
flight undertaken under this Agreement. 
SCHEDULING 
Sikorsky shall provide Operator with requests for flight time and proposed flight 
schedules as far in advance of any given flight as possible, and in any case, at least twenty-four 
(24) hours prior to Sikorsky's planned departure. Requests for flight time shall be in a form, 
whether oral or written, mutually convenient to, and agreed to by the parties. Sikorsky shall 
provide at least the following for each proposed flight prior to scheduled departure: 
a) 
Proposed departure point; 
b) 
Destination; 
c) 
Date and time of flight; 
d) 
The names of all Passengers; 
e) 
The nature and extent of luggage; 
f) 
The date and time of a return flight, and 
g) 
Any other information concerning the proposed flight that may be pertinent or 
required by Operator or Operator's flight crew. 
Operator shall have final authority over the scheduling of the Aircraft, provided, 
however, that Operator will use its best efforts to resolve any conflicts in scheduling in a fair and 
equitable manner. 
MAINTENANCE 
Operator shall be solely responsible for securing maintenance, preventative maintenance 
and required or otherwise necessary inspections on the Aircraft. The Aircraft shall be inspected 
in accordance with and maintained in an airworthy condition in accordance with applicable rules 
and regulations of 14 C.F.R. Part 91 during the term of this Agreement. No period of 
maintenance, preventative maintenance or inspection shall be delayed or postponed for the 
purpose of scheduling the Aircraft for Sikorsky. The pilot-in-command of the Aircraft shall have 
final and complete authority to cancel any flight for any reason or condition that in his or her 
judgment would compromise the safety of the flight. 
Shmitka Air Inc. Time Sharing Agreement 
Page 2 
EFTA00727095
--- PAGE 3 ---
OPERATIONAL CONTROL 
At any time during which a flight is made by or on behalf of Sikorsky under this 
Agreement, Operator shall have possession, command and control of the Aircraft. Operator shall 
have complete and exclusive responsibility for (i) scheduling, dispatching and flight of the 
Aircraft on all flights conducted pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) the physical and technical 
operation of the Aircraft and (iii) the safe performance of all flights. Operator shall have 
operational control of the Aircraft for all purposes of the Federal Aviation Regulations.2
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the pilot-in-command of each flight shall have the final authority 
with respect to (i) the initiation or termination of any flight, (ii) selection of the routing of any 
flight, (iii) determination of the load to be carried and (iv) all decisions relating to the safety of 
any flight. The parties further agree that Operator shall not be liable for delay or failure to 
furnish the Aircraft and crew pursuant to this Agreement for any reason. 
INSURANCE 
Operator shall at its own expense maintain in effect during the term of this Agreement 
adequate "all risk hull insurance" covering the stated value of the Aircraft at $ 
USD, which policy shall be deemed primary in the event of any incident or accident arising 
during performance of this Agreement. Additionally, Operator will maintain and have in force 
during performance under this Agreement its standard aircraft liability insurance policy with a 
minimum combined single limit of One Hundred Million U.S. Dollars ($100,000,000.00 USD). 
Operator shall not cancel or alter such insurance policies without at least thirty (30) calendar 
days' written notice to Sikorsky. Such insurance shall be primary as to Operator with Passengers 
being additional insureds (as evidenced by a certificate of insurance to be delivered to Sikorsky 
prior to the commencement of any flight under this Agreement) and shall waive all right of 
subrogation as to Passengers and, if any Passenger is a non-natural person, its directors, 
shareholders and/or agents. 
SIKORSKY'S USE OF AIRCRAFT 
Use of the Aircraft by Sikorsky and the Passengers shall be for Sikorsky's own account 
and shall be subject to the use limitations set forth in Sections 91.501 and 91.321 of the Federal 
Aviation Regulations. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
A. 
This Agreement, and all the rights of the parties hereunder shall be construed and 
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut, without giving 
effect to its conflicts of laws and principles. 
B. 
This Agreement supersedes all prior written agreements and understandings between 
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and no modification, termination 
or attempted waiver shall be valid unless in writing and signed by both parties below. 
Those regulations found at 14 C.F.R. Parts 1-199, as amended from time to time. 
Shmitka Air Inc Time Sharing Agreement 
Page 3 
EFTA00727096
--- PAGE 4 ---
C. 
The Aircraft is and at all times shall remain the property of the Operator, and neither 
Sikorsky nor any other Passenger shall have any right, title or interest therein or in the 
proceeds thereof except as expressly permitted hereunder. 
D. 
If action were instituted to enforce any of the terms and condition of this Agreement, 
the prevailing party shall be entitled to recovery of its reasonable attorney's fees and 
costs incurred in such action. 
E. 
If any clause or provision herein shall be adjudged to be invalid or unenforceable by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or by operation of any applicable law, such 
adjudication shall not affect the validity of any other clause or provision, which shall 
remain in full force and effect. 
Shmitka Air Int. Time Sharing, Agreement 
Page 4 
EFTA00727097
--- PAGE 5 ---
TRUTH IN LEASING 
STATEMENT 
THE AIRCRAFT HAS BEEN MAINTAINED AND INSPECTED UNDER FAR PART 
DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE DATE OF THIS 
AGREEMENT. THE AIRCRAFT WILL BE MAINTAINED AND INSPECTED UNDER FAR 
PART 91 FOR OPERATIONS TO BE CONDUCTED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. 
DURING THE DURATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, SHMITKA AIR INC., A [STATE] 
CORPORATION WHOSE PRINCIPAL ADDRESS IS [ADDRESS] SHALL BE 
CONSIDERED TO BE THE RESPONSIBLE PARTY FOR THE OPERATIONAL CONTROL 
OF THE AIRCRAFT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. AN EXPLANATION OF FACTORS 
BEARING ON OPERATIONAL CONTROL AND PERTINENT FEDERAL AVIATION 
REGULATIONS CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE NEAREST FAA FLIGHT STANDARDS 
DISTRICT OFFICE. THE "INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLIANCE WITH TRUTH IN 
LEASING REQUIREMENTS" ATTACHED HERETO ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY 
REFERENCE. 
I, THE UNDERSIGNED, SHMITKA AIR INC., CERTIFY THAT I AM 
RESPONSIBLE FOR OPERATIONAL CONTROL OF THE AIRCRAFT AND THAT I 
UNDERSTAND MY RESPONSIBILITIES FOR COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE 
FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS. 
SHMITKA AIR INC. 
Name & Title 
Date and time of execution 
SIKORSKY AIRCRAFT CORPORATION 
Name & Title 
Date and time of execution 
Shmitka Air Inc. Time ,Sharing Agreement 
Page 5 
EFTA00727098
--- PAGE 6 ---
INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLIANCE WITH 
TRUTH IN LEASING REQUIREMENTS 
1. 
Mail a copy of the Agreement to the following address via certified mail, return 
receipt requested, immediately upon execution of the Agreement. (14 C.F.R. § 91.23 
requires that the copy be sent within twenty-four hours after it is signed): 
Federal Aviation Administration 
Aircraft Registration Branch 
ATTN: Technical Section 
POB 25724 
Oklahoma City, OK 73125 
2. 
Telephone the nearest Flight Standards District Office at least forty-eight hours prior 
to first flight under this Agreement and inform them of the following: 
a. The location of the airport of departure; 
b. The departure time; and 
c. The registration number of the aircraft involved. 
3. 
Carry a copy of the Agreement in the Aircraft at all times. 
Shmitka Air Inc. Time Sharing Agreement 
Page 6 
EFTA00727099

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727100.pdf
----------------------------------------
TOLLING AGREEMENT 
THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into by and between Jeepers, Inc., Financial 
Trust Company, Inc., and Jeffrey Epstein (collectively "Epstein") and D.B. Zwim Special 
Opportunities Fund, L.P. kJn/a Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC, D.B. Zwim Special 
Opportunities Fund, Ltd. and its successor, D.B. Zwirn Asia/Pacific Special Opportunities Fund, 
L.P. and its successor, the D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund (TE), L.P. and its successor, 
and any other entity related to Daniel Zwirn's former hedge fund business which Fortress 
Investment Group LLC or its affiliates, own or manage or for which for which Fortress 
Investment Group LLC or its affiliates otherwise have management or supervisory authority or 
control ("Fund") (together, "the Parties"). 
WHEREAS, disputes have arisen between the Parties concerning, among other things, 
Epstein's investment in the Fund (including, without limitation, all of Epstein's capital 
contributions made therein), Epstein's capital account in connection therewith, and Epstein's 
withdrawal of the same; and 
WHEREAS, the Parties desire to seek a resolution of these disputes without resort to 
litigation, and would therefore like to allow sufficient time to complete discussions regarding an 
amicable resolution before resorting to litigation. 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 
1. 
In consideration for Epstein's agreement to forebear from the commencement of 
litigation proceedings immediately against the Fund in connection with the aforementioned 
disputes, the Fund agrees that all relevant periods of limitations, laches, waiver or estoppel 
pertaining to any demand, arbitration, complaint, claim, defense or cause of action, arising out of 
or relating to the aforementioned disputes between the Parties, shall be tolled and suspended 
from the effective date of this Tolling Agreement, 
2010 (the "Effective Date"), 
until this Tolling Agreement is terminated in accordance with the terms contained below. 
2. 
The tolling and suspension of all such relevant periods of limitations, laches, 
waiver or estoppel as provided in paragraph 1 hereof shall remain in effect until 5:00PM New 
York Time on July 31, 2010; provided, however, that any of the Parties may terminate this 
Tolling Agreement by giving written notice of termination, in which case termination shall be 
effective fifteen (15) days after receipt of such written notice. The time period from the 
Effective Date through and including the earlier of July 31, 2010 or the fifteen days following 
notice of such earlier termination is hereinafter referred to as the "Tolling Period". 
3. 
If any claim is made or suit or arbitration is instituted by Epstein with respect to 
the disputes addressed herein, then for the purpose of determining the availability of, or effect of, 
such a claim asserted by Epstein, or any defense thereto, including, without limitation, 
determining whether such a claim is barred by statute of limitations, laches, waiver, or estoppel, 
the Tolling Period shall be considered as a tolled period and shall be omitted from any 
calculation of any applicable limitations period or any other time period for the purposes of 
evaluating any claims of laches, waiver or estoppel. 
I039148v1/011585 
EFTA00727100
--- PAGE 2 ---
4. 
This Tolling Agreement shall not constitute a settlement, release, abandonment, 
or limitation respecting any matter arising out of or relating to the aforementioned disputes, nor 
any admission, waiver or estoppel with respect thereto on the part of any of the Parties. 
5. 
Epstein shall not commence any litigation or arbitration proceedings against the 
Fund relating to the aforementioned potential disputes until after the Termination Date. 
6. 
The Fund shall not commence any litigation or arbitration proceedings against 
Epstein relating to the aforementioned potential disputes until seven (7) days after the 
Termination Date. 
7. 
All notices or other communications hereunder shall be given in person, by hand, 
by facsimile, by electronic mail, by overnight courier or mail, or by postpaid certified mail, 
return receipt requested, to the persons and at the addresses or facsimile numbers designated on 
the signature page below, or at such other addresses or facsimile numbers as any of the Parties 
may hereafter designate by written notice to the others in accordance with this provision. 
8. 
The Parties agree that if any part, term, or provision of this Tolling Agreement 
shall be found unenforceable or in conflict with any valid controlling law, the validity of the 
remaining provisions shall not be affected. 
9. 
No provision of the Tolling Agreement may be amended, modified or waived 
except by a writing signed by all of the Parties. 
10. 
The execution and delivery of this Tolling Agreement shall not constitute an 
admission of liability by any of the Parties, nor shall this Tolling Agreement create rights in 
favor of, or obligation to, any person other than the Parties hereto. Subject to the foregoing, this 
Tolling Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties, and their 
respective agents, heirs, survivors, executors, successors, and assigns. 
II. 
The Parties agree and understand that execution of this Tolling Agreement does 
not affect, in any manner, any complaints, claims, cross claims, setoffs or defenses the Parties 
may have against each other in anything not associated with the potential disputes described 
herein. 
I039I48vI/011585 
EFTA00727101
--- PAGE 3 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Tolling Agreement to be 
executed by their duly authorized officers or representatives on the respective dates set forth 
below. 
Jeepers Inc. 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
By: 
By:  
Date: 
Date: 
Printed name: 
Printed name: 
Title: 
Title: 
Address: 
Address: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Email: 
Email: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities 
Fund, L.P. k/n/a Fortress Value Recovery 
Fund I, LLC 
By: 
Date:  
By: 
Printed name:  
Date:  
Address: 
Printed name: 
Fax: 
Title: 
Email:  
Address: 
Fax:  
Email: 
I039I48vI/011585 
EFTA00727102
--- PAGE 4 ---
D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities 
D.B. 
Zwirn 
Asia/Pacific 
Special 
Fund, Ltd. 
Opportunities Fund, L.P. 
By: 
By: 
Date: 
Date: 
Printed name: 
Printed name: 
Title: 
Title: 
Address: 
Address: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Email: 
Email: 
Fortress Investment Group, LLC 
By: 
Date: 
Printed name: 
Title: 
Address: 
Fax:  
Email: 
D.B. Zwirn Special Opport unities 
Fund (TE), L.P. 
By: 
Date: 
Printed name: 
Title: 
Address: 
Fax:  
Email: 
[do we need a signature line to cover fortress controlled entities involved in the Zwim hedge 
fund business as we indicate in the opening paragraph of this Agreement?] 
1039148v1/011585 
EFTA00727103

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727104.pdf
----------------------------------------
TOLLING AGREEMENT 
THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into by and between Jeepers, Inc., Financial 
Trust Company, Inc., and Jeffrey Epstein (collectively "Epstein") and D.B. Zwim Special 
Opportunities Fund, L.P. kJn/a Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC, D.B. Zwim Special 
Opportunities Fund, Ltd. and its successor, D.B. Zwirn Asia/Pacific Special Opportunities Fund, 
L.P. and its successor, the D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund (TE), L.P. and its successor, 
and any other entity related to Daniel Zwirn's former hedge fund business which Fortress 
Investment Group LLC or its affiliates, own or manage or for which for which Fortress 
Investment Group LLC or its affiliates otherwise have management or supervisory authority or 
control ("Fund") (together, "the Parties"). 
WHEREAS, disputes have arisen between the Parties concerning, among other things, 
Epstein's investment in the Fund (including, without limitation, all of Epstein's capital 
contributions made therein), Epstein's capital account in connection therewith, and Epstein's 
withdrawal of the same; and 
WHEREAS, the Parties desire to seek a resolution of these disputes without resort to 
litigation, and would therefore like to allow sufficient time to complete discussions regarding an 
amicable resolution before resorting to litigation. 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 
1. 
In consideration for Epstein's agreement to forebear from the commencement of 
litigation proceedings immediately against the Fund in connection with the aforementioned 
disputes, the Fund agrees that all relevant periods of limitations, laches, waiver or estoppel 
pertaining to any demand, arbitration, complaint, claim, defense or cause of action, arising out of 
or relating to the aforementioned disputes between the Parties, shall be tolled and suspended 
from the effective date of this Tolling Agreement, 
2010 (the "Effective Date"), 
until this Tolling Agreement is terminated in accordance with the terms contained below. 
2. 
The tolling and suspension of all such relevant periods of limitations, laches, 
waiver or estoppel as provided in paragraph 1 hereof shall remain in effect until 5:00PM New 
York Time on July 31, 2010; provided, however, that any of the Parties may terminate this 
Tolling Agreement by giving written notice of termination, in which case termination shall be 
effective fifteen (15) days after receipt of such written notice. The time period from the 
Effective Date through and including the earlier of July 31, 2010 or the fifteen days following 
notice of such earlier termination is hereinafter referred to as the "Tolling Period". 
3. 
If any claim is made or suit or arbitration is instituted by Epstein with respect to 
the disputes addressed herein, then for the purpose of determining the availability of, or effect of, 
such a claim asserted by Epstein, or any defense thereto, including, without limitation, 
determining whether such a claim is barred by statute of limitations, laches, waiver, or estoppel, 
the Tolling Period shall be considered as a tolled period and shall be omitted from any 
calculation of any applicable limitations period or any other time period for the purposes of 
evaluating any claims of laches, waiver or estoppel. 
I039148v1/011585 
EFTA00727104
--- PAGE 2 ---
4. 
This Tolling Agreement shall not constitute a settlement, release, abandonment, 
or limitation respecting any matter arising out of or relating to the aforementioned disputes, nor 
any admission, waiver or estoppel with respect thereto on the part of any of the Parties. 
5. 
Epstein shall not commence any litigation or arbitration proceedings against the 
Fund relating to the aforementioned potential disputes until after the Termination Date. 
6. 
The Fund shall not commence any litigation or arbitration proceedings against 
Epstein relating to the aforementioned potential disputes until seven (7) days after the 
Termination Date. 
7. 
All notices or other communications hereunder shall be given in person, by hand, 
by facsimile, by electronic mail, by overnight courier or mail, or by postpaid certified mail, 
return receipt requested, to the persons and at the addresses or facsimile numbers designated on 
the signature page below, or at such other addresses or facsimile numbers as any of the Parties 
may hereafter designate by written notice to the others in accordance with this provision. 
8. 
The Parties agree that if any part, term, or provision of this Tolling Agreement 
shall be found unenforceable or in conflict with any valid controlling law, the validity of the 
remaining provisions shall not be affected. 
9. 
No provision of the Tolling Agreement may be amended, modified or waived 
except by a writing signed by all of the Parties. 
10. 
The execution and delivery of this Tolling Agreement shall not constitute an 
admission of liability by any of the Parties, nor shall this Tolling Agreement create rights in 
favor of, or obligation to, any person other than the Parties hereto. Subject to the foregoing, this 
Tolling Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties, and their 
respective agents, heirs, survivors, executors, successors, and assigns. 
II. 
The Parties agree and understand that execution of this Tolling Agreement does 
not affect, in any manner, any complaints, claims, cross claims, setoffs or defenses the Parties 
may have against each other in anything not associated with the potential disputes described 
herein. 
I039I48vI/011585 
EFTA00727105
--- PAGE 3 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Tolling Agreement to be 
executed by their duly authorized officers or representatives on the respective dates set forth 
below. 
Jeepers Inc. 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
By: 
By:  
Date: 
Date: 
Printed name: 
Printed name: 
Title: 
Title: 
Address: 
Address: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Email: 
Email: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities 
Fund, L.P. k/n/a Fortress Value Recovery 
Fund I, LLC 
By: 
Date:  
By: 
Printed name:  
Date:  
Address: 
Printed name: 
Fax: 
Title: 
Email:  
Address: 
Fax:  
Email: 
I039I48vI/011585 
EFTA00727106
--- PAGE 4 ---
D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities 
D.B. 
Zwirn 
Asia/Pacific 
Special 
Fund, Ltd. 
Opportunities Fund, L.P. 
By: 
By: 
Date: 
Date: 
Printed name: 
Printed name: 
Title: 
Title: 
Address: 
Address: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Email: 
Email: 
Fortress Investment Group, LLC 
By: 
Date: 
Printed name: 
Title: 
Address: 
Fax:  
Email: 
D.B. Zwirn Special Opport unities 
Fund (TE), L.P. 
By: 
Date: 
Printed name: 
Title: 
Address: 
Fax:  
Email: 
[do we need a signature line to cover fortress controlled entities involved in the Zwim hedge 
fund business as we indicate in the opening paragraph of this Agreement?] 
1039148v1/011585 
EFTA00727107

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727108.pdf
----------------------------------------
MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
THIS AGREEMENT, entered into between Regeneration Finance LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability corporation, with an office address of 115 East Putnam Ave., Greenwich, 
CT 06830 (together with its affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, successors and assigns, 
"REGEN") and [ 
] with an office address of [ 
] (together 
with its affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, successors and assigns, " 
"). 
1. 
Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall 
have the definitions described below: 
a. 
"Confidential Information" shall mean all proprietary and 
confidential information whether oral or in writing of either REGEN or [ 
], each with its 
affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, successors and assigns a party hereto, relating to 
possible solar, wind and other alternative energy transactions, and a possible investment 
by [ 
] in REGEN (the "Investment") (including, without limitation, presentation 
materials relating to the Investment, business and investment models, transaction and 
tax structures and summaries, financial analyses, financing proposals, financing 
sources, this Agreement, the existence, nature and results of any studies conducted by 
or on behalf of a party, clients of a party and proposed transaction participants and any 
attorney-client or accountant-client privileged information of a party shared with the other 
party, and any document or information designated as confidential by a party). 
Confidential Information shall not include (i) information that is generally known or that is 
or becomes part of the public domain (as determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction) through no breach by or fault of a party hereto, (ii) information required to be 
disclosed by a party pursuant to a subpoena or court order, or pursuant to a requirement 
of a governmental agency or law of the United States of America or state thereof or any 
governmental, regulatory or political subdivision thereof, or information required to be 
disclosed (or not allowed to be kept, withheld or maintained as confidential) pursuant 
any law, rule or regulation of any Federal, state, or local tax or securities/ banking/ 
insurance/ utility/ financial institution law or authority, or tax or securities/ banking/ 
insurance/ utility/ financial institution regulatory agency or (iii) information that was 
previously known by a party hereto or becomes known to a party hereto without violation 
of any confidentiality obligation to the other party; provided however, that a party hereto 
shall take reasonable steps to prohibit disclosure pursuant to subsection (ii) above and 
to timely notify the other party of such action, to the extent practicable. 
b. 
"Person" shall mean any individual, corporation, company, 
partnership, joint venture, association, trust, joint-stock company, joint tenancy, tenancy 
in common or other entity. 
2. 
Protection and Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information. Each of 
REGEN and [ 
], the parties hereto, acknowledges and agrees that it is being provided 
with Confidential Information, may be provided with or have access to Confidential 
Information in the future and may originate or develop Confidential Information in 
connection with a party's disclosures to them. The Confidential Information is being 
provided to enable them to review the proposed Investment, as well as possibly solar, 
wind and other alternative energy transactions developed and proposed by and with a 
party hereto and, as appropriate, to consider purchasing or investing in such 
transactions for their own account or those of their clients. Each party will not disclose or 
communicate in any way (or cause to be disclosed or communicated in any way) any 
EFTA00727108
--- PAGE 2 ---
Confidential Information to any Person other than its attorneys, accountants, financial 
advisors, officers, directors, trusted employees and clients of such party to whom 
disclosure is necessary for purposes set forth herein as well as other persons 
(collectively with others listed above, "Persons") to whom the other party has agreed to 
permit disclosure of Confidential Information in advance and in writing. Each party shall 
appropriately notify all such Persons that the disclosure is made in confidence and shall 
be kept in confidence in accordance with this Agreement and shall receive an agreement 
thereto. Each party will take any and all steps, actions and precautions reasonably 
necessary to insure that no Confidential Information is disclosed or communicated in any 
way to any Person other than pursuant to, or in accordance with, the terms of this 
Agreement. 
3. 
Use of the Confidential Information. 
Each party agrees that it will 
maintain the Confidential Information in confidence and that it will not use any 
Confidential Information for any purpose other than evaluating the Investment or a 
proposed transaction from the other party in the area of solar energy, wind and other 
alternative energy sources and consulting with or on behalf of its clients with respect to 
such transactions. It will not use the Confidential Information for the benefit of any 
Person other than itself, its clients and the other party (other than evaluating a proposed 
transaction with the other party for its own benefit), whether such use consists of 
duplication, removal, oral use, disclosure, or any other use, unless the other party shall 
have given its prior written consent to such use. Each shall not circumvent the other 
party or directly or indirectly exploit or contact any client of the other party or proposed 
transaction participant identified by the other party and disclosed to a party in connection 
with a solar, wind or alternative energy transaction without the written consent of the 
other party. Each party hereto agrees that all of its obligations not to use any 
Confidential Information pursuant to this Agreement are in addition to any other 
obligations it may have at law or in equity as a result of the disclosure of the Confidential 
Information to it. 
4. 
Confidential Relationship. Each party acknowledges and agrees that the 
disclosure of Confidential Information to it creates a relationship of confidence and trust 
between the parties. 
Each party acknowledges and agrees that it learned of the 
information which properly comes under the definition as "Confidential Information" 
herein solely from the other party. Upon the reasonable written request of a party, the 
other party shall immediately cease and desist from the use of any Confidential 
Information and immediately provide the requesting party with all copies or 
embodiments, in whatever form, of any and all Confidential Information in his or its 
possession or control, other than copies a party maintains for legal or compliance 
purposes. 
5. 
No Implied Rights. 
The disclosure of Confidential Information hereto 
does not, and shall not be deemed to, create or give rise to any ownership rights of or for 
any party in any Confidential Information, or license to (or right to license) any 
Confidential Information. In addition, the disclosure of information does not give rise to 
any obligation by either party to this Agreement to enter into any proposed or future 
transaction. 
6. 
Miscellaneous. REGEN and [ 
] both agree that this Agreement shall 
be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. This 
Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between the parties and supersedes all 
EFTA00727109
--- PAGE 3 ---
prior agreements and understandings between the parties hereto, whether written or 
oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in one 
or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but which together 
shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
7. 
Term and Termination. All terms and provisions of this Agreement shall 
terminate two (2) years from the date first set forth below. Provided, however, that a 
party hereto may request the other party to consent to a reasonable extension of the 
term of this Agreement (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) if, at the time 
of request, such party can prove (to the reasonable satisfaction of the other party) that 
disclosure of Confidential Information would be materially injurious to it and that such 
extension would not be materially harmful or prejudicial to the other party. 
8. 
Remedies. Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that any breach 
or attempted breach on its part of any provision of this Agreement may cause irreparable 
damage to the other party and, accordingly, each party agrees that the other party shall 
be entitled, as a matter of right, to seek a temporary restraining order, and a temporary, 
preliminary and permanent injunction, or other equitable relief, out of any court of 
competent jurisdiction restraining and enjoining any such breach, threatened breach, or 
further breach of this Agreement; such right to injunctive relief, however, shall be 
cumulative and in addition to whatever other remedies a party may have at law or in 
equity. 
9. 
Invalid Provisions. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, 
invalid, or unenforceable under present or future laws effective during the term hereof, 
such provision shall be fully severable and this Agreement shall be construed and 
enforced as if such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provisions had never comprised a 
part hereof and the remaining provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect and 
shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision or by its severance 
herefrom. Furthermore, in lieu of such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision, there 
shall be added automatically as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms 
to such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision as may be possible and still be legal, 
valid or enforceable. This Agreement is intended by the parties hereto to be in full 
compliance with, and is only enforceable to the extent not prohibited by, the USA Patriot 
Act and the Bank Secrecy Act, the requirements of OFAC and such other anti money-
laundering and internal security laws of the United States as may be applicable. 
10. 
Tax Comoliance Disclosure. Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, any party hereto (and any of its attorneys, accountants, financial advisors, 
employees, representatives and other agents) may disclose to any and all persons who 
shall reasonably request such information, without limitation of any kind, the tax 
treatment of this transaction, upon reasonable prior written notice to the other party. 
Furthermore, the parties to this transaction may disclose, as required by Federal, state 
or local tax or utility laws, rules or regulations any information to any persons as may be 
required to comply with such Federal, state or local tax or utility laws, rules or 
regulations. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be 
effective as of the date and year first below written. 
Regeneration Finance, LLC 
EFTA00727110
--- PAGE 4 ---
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Dated: 
EFTA00727111

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727112.pdf
----------------------------------------
WFG Draft 8/24/10 
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
August_, 2010 
[GLOI Holdings, LLC] 
do Mitchell Holdings LLC 
East 60th Street 
New York NY 10022 
Gentlemen: 
Cipher 06 LLC, 
limited liability company ("Cipher") and Vicis 
Capital Master Fund, a [ 
("Vicis" and, together with Cipher, the "Sellers"), hereby 
agree with [GLOI Holdings, LLC], a Delaware limited liability company (the "Purchaser") as 
follows: 
1. 
PURCHASE AND SALE OF SECURITIES. 
(a) 
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, on the date hereof, each Seller 
shall sell to the Purchaser and the Purchaser shall purchase from the respective Sellers, such 
number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the shares of Common Stock to 
be sold hereunder, the "Securities") of GlobalOptions Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
"Company"), as is set forth on Schedule I hereto with respect to each Seller for the aggregate 
amount in cash set forth opposite such Seller's name on Schedule I hereto (the aggregate of all 
such amounts to be paid to the Sellers, the "Purchase Price").' 
(b) 
Such sales and purchases shall be effected by the Sellers delivering to the 
Purchaser duly executed certificates or other instruments evidencing the Securities to be 
purchased, in each case with appropriate instruments of transfer attached (duly endorsed or 
otherwise in form sufficient for transfer), against delivery by the Purchaser to each Seller of such 
Seller's portion of the Purchase Price, as set forth on Schedule I hereto, by wire transfer of 
immediately available funds to the account that is set forth in Schedule I hereto with respect to 
such Seller. 
(c) 
The closing of the purchases and sales referred to above hereto shall take 
place on the date hereof at the offices of Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP, 787 Seventh Avenue, 
New York, New York 10019, at 10:00 a.m., New York time. 
Discuss the treatment of dividends that are paid post-closing but whose record date was pm-closing. 
EFTA00727112
--- PAGE 2 ---
5809737.2 
2. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF EACH SELLER. 
Each Seller, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to the Purchaser 
that: 
(a) 
Such Seller is a limited liability company or 
as applicable, 
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of [ 
1.
(b) 
Such Seller is authorized to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement 
and each of the transactions contemplated hereby. No other action is necessary to authorize such 
execution, delivery and performance, and upon such execution and delivery, this Agreement 
shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of such Seller, enforceable against such Seller in 
accordance with its terms. 
(c) 
No consent, approval, authorization or order of any court, governmental 
agency or body or arbitrator having jurisdiction over such Seller is required for the execution, 
delivery or performance by such Seller of its obligations hereunder, including without limitation 
the sale of the Securities. 
(d) 
Except as set forth on Schedule 2(d), neither the sale of the Securities nor 
the performance of such Seller's obligations hereunder will (i) violate, conflict with, result in a 
breach of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to 
any right of termination, cancellation, or acceleration) under (x) the certificate of incorporation, 
bylaws or other organizational documents of such Seller, (y) any decree, judgment, order, law, 
treaty, rule, regulation or determination of any court, governmental agency or body or arbitrator 
(each, a "Governmental Authority") having jurisdiction over such Seller or any of its assets or 
properties or (z) the terms of any material agreement to which such Seller is a party or to which 
any of such Seller's properties is subject or (ii) require any material consent, authorization or 
approval of any person. 
(e) 
Such Seller has legal, valid and marketable title to the Securities set forth 
opposite such Seller's name on Schedule I hereto, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances 
and has all power to vote, dispose of and exercise all other rights with respect to such Securities. 
The sale and delivery of the Securities to the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof will 
vest in the Purchaser legal, valid and marketable title to the Securities, free and clear of all liens 
and encumbrances. Such Seller has not granted, entered into or otherwise created any Voting 
Proxy (as defined below) which is currently (or which will hereafter become) effective, and if 
any Voting Proxy has been created, such Voting Proxy is hereby revoked. 
(0 
The sale of the Securities by such Seller is not part of a plan or scheme to 
evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Neither such Seller nor any person 
acting on behalf of such Seller has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general 
solicitation or general advertising. 
EFTA00727113
--- PAGE 3 ---
5809737.2 
3. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASER 
The Purchaser represents and warrants to the Sellers that: 
(a) 
The Purchaser is a limited liability company duly organized, validly 
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of [ 
1. 
(b) 
The Purchaser is authorized to execute, deliver and perform this 
Agreement and each of the transactions contemplated hereby. No other action is necessary to 
authorize such execution, delivery and performance, and upon such execution and delivery, this 
Agreement shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against 
the Purchaser in accordance with its terms. 
(c) 
No consent, approval, authorization or order of any court, governmental 
agency or body or arbitrator having jurisdiction over the Purchaser is required for the execution, 
delivery or performance by the Purchaser of its obligations hereunder, including without 
limitation the purchase of the Securities. 
(d) 
Neither the acquisition of the Securities nor the performance of the 
Purchaser's obligations hereunder will (i) violate, conflict with, result in a breach of, or 
constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of 
termination, cancellation, or acceleration) under (x) the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or 
other organizational documents of the Purchaser, (y) any decree, judgment, order, law, treaty, 
rule, regulation or determination of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the 
Purchaser or any of its assets or properties or (z) the terms of any material agreement to which 
the Purchaser is a party or to which any of the Purchaser's properties is subject or (ii) require any 
material consent, authorization or approval of any person. 
(e) 
The Purchaser understands that the Securities have not been registered 
under the Securities Act nor qualified under any state securities laws and that they are being 
offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from such registration and qualification based in part 
upon the representations of the Purchaser contained herein. 
(0 
The Purchaser is familiar with the business and operations of the 
Company. 
(g) 
The Purchaser [is an "accredited investor" as such term is defined in 
Rule 501(a) of the Securities Act and[ has such knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment 
contemplated by this Agreement. The Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of its 
investment in the Company (including a complete loss of its investment). 
(h) 
The Purchaser understands that it must bear the economic risk of this 
investment indefinitely unless its Securities are registered pursuant to the Securities Act or an 
EFTA00727114
--- PAGE 4 ---
5809737.2 
exemption from such registration is available and unless the disposition of such securities is 
qualified under applicable state securities laws or an exemption from such qualification is 
available. The Purchaser further understands that there is no assurance that any exemption from 
the Securities Act will be available or, if available, that such exemption will allow the Purchaser 
to Transfer any or all of the Securities in the amounts or at the time the Purchaser might propose. 
(i) 
The Purchaser is acquiring the Securities solely for its own account for 
investment and not with a view toward the resale, Transfer or distribution thereof nor with any 
present intention of distributing the Securities. No other person has any right with respect to or 
interest in the Securities to be purchased by the Purchaser, nor has the Purchaser agreed to give 
any person any such interest or right in the future. 
4. 
COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES. 
(a) 
Securities Act Restrictions. The Purchaser acknowledges that the 
certificates evidencing the Securities will bear a legend reflecting the restrictions on the transfer 
of such securities under the Securities Act.2
(b) 
Further Assurances. From and after the date hereof, each Seller shall 
execute all certificates, instruments, documents or agreements and shall take any and all other 
actions that it is reasonably requested to execute or take to further effectuate the transactions 
contemplated hereby. 
(c) 
Excluded Information. Each of the Sellers hereby represents and warrants 
to the Purchaser that it is a sophisticated seller of the Securities with sufficient knowledge and 
experience in investing in equity securities to properly evaluate the merits of the transactions and 
that it is able to bear the substantial risks associated therewith. Each of the Sellers further 
represents and warrants that it has independently, and based on such information as it has 
deemed appropriate, made its own analysis and decision to sell the Securities. Each of the 
Sellers acknowledges that the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective officers, 
directors, employees and agents (the "Purchaser Parties") may be in possession of material non-
public information not known to the Sellers, including, without limitation, information received 
from the Company on a confidential basis (the "Excluded Information"). Each of the Sellers 
agrees that the Purchaser Parties shall not be obligated to disclose any Excluded Information to 
the Sellers, and each of the Sellers further acknowledges that it is proceeding with the 
transactions contemplated hereby knowingly and voluntarily without access to or the benefit of 
such Excluded Information. Each of the Sellers agrees that the Purchaser Parties shall not have 
any liability to the Sellers with respect to any such non-disclosure and hereby waive any and all 
claims and causes of action now or hereafter arising against the Purchaser Parties based upon or 
relating to such non-disclosure. 
(d) 
Voting of the Securities. 
Discuss is Sellers' registration rights are assignable? 
EFTA00727115
--- PAGE 5 ---
5809737.2 
(i) 
Agreement to Vote Shares. The Sellers hereby covenant and agree that 
from and after the date hereof, at any meeting (whether annual or special and whether or 
not an adjourned or postponed meeting) of the stockholders of the Company, however 
called, and in any action by written consent of the stockholders of the Company, the 
Sellers shall appear at the meeting or otherwise cause any and all Securities to be counted 
as present thereat for purposes of establishing a quorum and vote (or cause to be voted) 
any and all Securities: (i) unless the Purchaser instructs the Sellers otherwise in writing, 
against the approval of the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated August 11, 2010, by and 
among the Company, GlobalOptions, Inc., The Bode Technology Group, Inc. and LSR 
Acquisition Corp. and against the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
thereby; and (ii) otherwise in accordance with the written instructions of the Purchaser. 
The Sellers further agree not to enter into any agreement or understanding with any 
person or entity the effect of which would be materially inconsistent with or violative of 
any provision contained in this Section 4(d). 
(ii) 
Irrevocable Proxy. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, 
the Sellers agree to deliver to the Purchaser a proxy in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit A (the "Proxy"), which shall be irrevocable, with respect to the Securities, subject 
to the other terms of this Agreement. Other than the Proxy, the Sellers shall not grant any 
proxy or power of attorney, or deposit any Securities into a voting trust or enter into a 
voting agreement or other arrangement, with respect to the voting of Securities (each a 
"Voting Proxy"). 
(iii) 
Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization. In the event of any change 
in the number of issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company by reason 
of any stock split, reverse split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of 
securities convertible into shares of capital stock of the Company), combination, 
reorganization, recapitalization or other like change, conversion or exchange of shares, or 
any other change in the corporate or capital structure of the Company, the term 
"Securities" shall be deemed to refer to and include the Securities as well as all such 
stock dividends and distributions and any shares into which or for which any or all of the 
Securities may be changed or exchanged. 
(e) 
Best Efforts. Each of the parties hereto will use commercially reasonable 
efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, 
proper or advisable consistent with applicable law to consummate and make effective in the most 
expeditious manner practicable the transactions contemplated hereby. 
5. 
INDEMNIFICATION. 
(a) 
Each Seller agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser, each 
person, if any, who controls the Purchaser within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act 
and each officer, director, employee and agent of the Purchaser and of any such controlling 
person against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses whatsoever, as 
-5-
EFTA00727116
--- PAGE 6 ---
5809737.2 
incurred, arising out of or resulting from any breach or alleged breach or other violation or 
alleged violation of any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking by such Seller 
contained in this Agreement, and such Seller will reimburse the Purchaser for its reasonable legal 
and other expenses (including the cost of any investigation and preparation, and including the 
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) incurred in connection therewith. 
(b) 
The Purchaser agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Seller, each 
person, if any, who controls such Seller within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act 
and each officer, director, employee and agent of such Seller and of any such controlling person 
against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses whatsoever, as incurred, 
arising out of or resulting from any breach or alleged breach or other violation or alleged 
violation of any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking by the Purchaser contained in 
this Agreement, and the Purchaser will reimburse such Seller for its reasonable legal and other 
expenses (including the cost of any investigation and preparation, and including the reasonable 
fees and expenses of counsel) incurred in connection therewith.' 
6. 
SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 
The respective agreements, representations, warranties, indemnities and 
other statements made by or on behalf each party hereto pursuant to this Agreement shall remain 
in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any party, and 
shall survive delivery of any payment for the Securities. 
7. 
INTERPRETATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
(a) 
Terms Defined. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the 
respective meanings set forth below: 
Affiliate: with respect to any person, any other person controlling, controlled by 
or under direct or indirect common control with such person. For the purposes of this definition, 
"control," when used with respect to any specified person, shall mean the power to direct the 
management and policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether through ownership of 
voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" shall 
have meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
person: an individual, partnership, joint-stock company, corporation, trust or 
unincorporated organization or other entity, and a government or agency or political subdivision 
thereof or other Governmental Authority. 
Securities Act: the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Discuss if each party's indemnification obligations should be capped at the Purchase Price. 
EFTA00727117
--- PAGE 7 ---
5809737.2 
Transfer: any sale, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, or other disposition or 
encumbrance. 
(b) 
Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (regardless of the laws that 
might otherwise govern under applicable New York principles of conflicts of law). The parties 
hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the County and State of 
New York and the federal courts of the United States of America located in the County and State 
of New York solely in respect of the interpretation and enforcement of the provisions of this 
Agreement and in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby and hereby waive, and agree 
not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement 
hereof, that it is not subject thereto or that such action, suit or proceeding may not be brought or 
is not maintainable in said courts or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this 
Agreement may not be enforced in or by such courts, and the parties hereto irrevocably agree 
that all claims with respect to such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined in such a 
New York State or Federal court. 
(c) 
Specific Performance. Money damages would not be a sufficient remedy 
for any breach of this Agreement by any party and, in addition to all other remedies available 
under applicable law, each party shall be entitled to specific performance and to injunctive or 
other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach. Neither the Purchaser nor any Seller will 
oppose the granting of such relief and each will waive any requirement for the posting of any 
bond or other security in connection therewith. 
(d) 
Section Headings. The headings of the sections and subsections of this 
Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part thereof. 
(e) 
Notices.
(i) 
All communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be 
delivered by hand, e-mail or facsimile or mailed by overnight courier or by registered or 
certified mail, postage prepaid: 
(1) 
if to the Purchaser, to 
Attention: 
(facsimile: Li 
; e-mail: 
, or to such other address, e-mail address 
or facsimile number as the Purchaser may have furnished in writing to the Sellers; 
(2) 
if to Cipher, to 
Attention: 
(facsimile: Li 
; e-mail:  
), or to such other address, e-mail address or facsimile 
number as it may have furnished in writing to the Purchaser; and 
(3) 
if to Vicis, to 
Attention: 
(facsimile: (J 
; e-mail: 
), or to such other address, e-mail address or facsimile 
number as it may have furnished in writing to the Purchaser. 
EFTA00727118
--- PAGE 8 ---
5809737.2 
(ii) 
Any notice so addressed shall be deemed to be given: if delivered by 
hand, e-mail or facsimile, on the date of such delivery; if mailed by courier, on the first 
business day following the date of such mailing; and if mailed by registered or certified 
mail, on the third business day after the date of such mailing. 
(f) 
Expenses and Taxes. The Sellers will pay, in proportion to the respective 
amounts of the Purchase Price that they are each entitled to receive hereunder, and hold the 
Purchaser harmless from any and all liabilities (including interest and penalties) with respect to, 
or resulting from any delay or failure in paying, stamp and other taxes (other than income taxes), 
if any, which may be payable or determined to be payable on the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement. Except as otherwise set forth herein, each of the parties hereto shall pay its own 
expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 
(g) 
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and 
be binding upon the successors and assigns of each of the parties. No party to this Agreement 
may assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the 
other parties, except that the rights and obligations of the Purchaser may be assigned to one or 
more Affiliates of the Purchaser, but no such transfer shall relieve the Purchaser of its obligations 
hereunder if such transferee does not perform such obligations. 
(h) 
Entire Agreement; Amendment and Waiver. This Agreement constitutes 
the entire understanding of the parties hereto and supersedes all prior understandings among such 
parties. This Agreement may be amended, and the observance of any term of this Agreement 
may be waived, with (and only with) the written consent of the Sellers and the Purchaser. 
(i) 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall be 
considered one and the same agreement. 
(j) 
Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND 
AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT 
IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE 
EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES 
ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY 
LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 
AGREEMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. 
EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE, 
AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR 
OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF 
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (ii) EACH PARTY 
UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, 
(iii) EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND (iv) EACH PARTY HAS 
BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, 
THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 7(i). 
-8-
EFTA00727119
--- PAGE 9 ---
5809737.2 
Very truly yours, 
CIPHER 06 LLC 
By: 
VICIS CAPITAL MASTER FUND 
By: 
ACCEPTED & AGREED: 
[GLOI HOLDINGS, LLC[ 
By: Mitchell Holdings, LLC, its Managing Member 
By: 
Name: David Mitchell 
Title: Managing Member 
EFTA00727120
--- PAGE 10 ---
SCHEDULE I 
Name of Seller 
Securities 
(Shares of Common 
Stock) 
Purchase Price 
Wire Transfer Instructions 
Cipher 06 LLC 
1,074,802 shares 
$1
Wire to: First Republic Bank, a division of 
Merrill Lynch Bank & Trust Co FSB 
1230 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10020 
ABA/Routing No.: 321081669 
Credit Account No.: 979-0005-3145 
Account Name: Cipher 06 LLC 
Vicis Capital 
Master Fund 
3,299,749 shares 
$[1 
Wire instructions: Vicis Capital US Wires 
Deutsche Bank Trust Co 
ABA/ 
Routing No.: 021-0010.33 or 
SWIFT BKTRUS33 
Deutsche Bank Prime Brokerage 
A/C 00884205 
FFC: Vicis Capital Master Fund 
Credit Account No.: 106-07520 
EFTA00727121
--- PAGE 11 ---
Schedule 2(d) 
EFTA00727122
--- PAGE 12 ---
EXHIBIT A 
IRREVOCABLE PROXY 
The undersigned stockholder ("Stockholder") of GlobalOptions Group, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the "Company"), hereby irrevocably appoints and constitutes [GLOI Holdings, LLC] (the 
"Purchaser") and the authorized representatives or nominees of the Purchaser acting on behalf thereof 
(collectively, the "Proxyholders") the agents, attorneys-in-fact and proxies of the undersigned, with full 
power of substitution and resubstitution, to the full extent of the undersigned's rights with respect to all 
Securities (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), including, without limitation, those Securities listed on 
Schedule I of that certain Purchase Agreement of even date herewith, by and among the Purchaser, 
Cipher 06 LLC and Vicis Capital Master Fund (the "Purchase Agreement"), and any and all other 
Securities acquired by Stockholder on or after the date hereof and before the date this proxy terminates, to 
vote the Securitie as follows: the Proxyholders named above are empowered at any time to exercise all 
voting and other rights (including, without limitation, the power to execute and deliver written consents 
with respect to the Securities) of the undersigned at every annual, special or adjourned meeting of the 
Company's stockholders, and in every written consent in lieu of any such meeting, or otherwise, (i) unless 
the Purchaser instructs Stockholder otherwise in writing, against the approval of the Stock Purchase 
Agreement, dated August 11, 2010, by and among the Company, GlobalOptions, Inc., The Bode 
Technology Group, Inc. and LSR Acquisition Corp. and against the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated thereby; and (ii) otherwise in accordance with the written instructions of the Purchaser. 
In the event that Stockholder votes with respect to any matter, Stockholder shall vote the Securities in 
accordance with the instructions of the Proxyholders. The proxy granted by Stockholder to the 
Proxyholders hereby is granted as of the date of this Irrevocable Proxy in order to secure the obligations 
of Stockholder set forth in Section 4(d) of the Purchase Agreement and is irrevocable and coupled with an 
interest in accordance with subdivision (e) of Section 212 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
Upon the execution hereof, all prior proxies given by the undersigned with respect to the Securities and 
any and all other shares or securities issued or issuable in respect thereof on or after the date hereof are 
hereby revoked and no subsequent proxies will be given. Any obligation of the undersigned hereunder 
shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of the undersigned. The undersigned Stockholder 
authorizes the Proxyholders to file this proxy and any substitution or revocation of substitution with the 
Secretary of the Company and with any Inspector of Election at any meeting of the stockholders of the 
Company. 
This proxy is irrevocable and shall survive the insolvency, incapacity, death, liquidation or dissolution of 
the undersigned. 
Dated: 
, 2010-
[STOCKHOLDER] 
EFTA00727123

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727124.pdf
----------------------------------------
03/27/2010 15:42 
nua 
777/24-, 
Non-Disclosure Agreement 
I Vg6fLL VV11O)\^4
 Qc 
-
t.‘ Ef\\ 60- - Slit <A-
( 
Ny, Ivy 106/Z. 
iw.th
//A 
' 
)te 
VIA (f
In connection, with 
("Other Party") consideration of a possible 
transaction with e)
104-/ Crit -1. (the "Company"), Other Party has requested certain 
information concdming the Company. As a condition to Other Party being furnished with such 
information, Other Patty agrees to treat any information (whether written or oral) concerning the 
Company (whether prepared by the Company, its advisors or otherwise) which is furnished to 
Other Party by or on behalf of the Company or the Company's affiliates or its or their directors, 
officers, employees, affiliates, representatives (including financial advisors, attorneys or 
accountants) or agents (collectively, "Representatives") to Other Party or Other Party's 
Representatives, and all analyses, compilations, forecasts, studies or other notes or documents 
prepared by Other Party or Other Party's Representatives which contain or reflect or are 
generated from any such information (herein collectively referred to as the "Evaluation 
Materiar) in accordance with the provisions of this letter and to take or abstain from taking 
certain other actions herein set forth. 
The term "Evaluation Material" does not include 
information which (i) is already in Other Party's possession at the time of disclosure, or (ii) 
becomes generaUy available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Other Party or 
Other Party's Representatives in breach of this letter, or (iii) becomes available to Other Party on 
a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company or the Company's 
Representatives, provided that such source is not known by Other Party, after due inquiry, to be 
bound by a confidentiality agreement with or other obligation of secrecy to the Company or 
another party, or (iv) is independently developed by Other Party or Other Party's Representatives 
without use of or reference to the Evaluation Material. 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
PAGE 01/05 
Oft) r eice 
PWL- 
_, 2010 
Other Patty hereby agrees that the Evaluation Material will be used solely for the purpose 
of evaluating a possible transaction between the Company and Other Party, that, subject to the 
fourth paragraph of this letter, such information will be kept confidential by Other Party or Other 
Party's Representatives, and that Other Party or Other Party's Representatives will not disclose 
in any manner whatsoever such information or the fact that Other Party has received such 
information. Other Party agrees that to induce the Company to disclose the Evaluation Material 
to Other Party, Other Party hereby agrees not to disclose the Evaluation Material to any person 
or entity, including any of Other Party's affiliates, unless (i) such person has also signed a letter 
agreement with substantially similar terms as are contained in this letter agreement and (ii) the 
Company is provided advance notice thereof and has consented to such disclosure in writing. 
Other Party tbrther agrees that it will be responsible for any breach of this letter by any of Other 
Party's Representatives. 
784548-I 
EFTA00727124
--- PAGE 2 ---
03/27/2010 15:42 
PAGE 02/05 
In addition, without the prior written consent of the other party, no party may, and will 
direct its Representatives not to, disclose to any person either the fact that discussions or 
negotiations are taking place concerning a possible transaction between the Company and Other 
Party or any of the terms, conditions or other facts with respect to any such possible transaction, 
including the status thereof, otherwise than as required by law. 
In the event that Other Party or any of its Representatives arc requested or required (by 
oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil 
investigative demand, or any informal or formal investigation by any government or 
governmental agency or authority) to disclose any of the Evaluation Material or any of the other 
information referred to in this letter, Other Party shall notify the Company promptly in writing so 
that the Company may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or, in the Company's 
sole discretion, waive compliance with the terms of this letter. Other Party agrees not to oppose 
any reasonable action by the Company to obtain such a protective order or other remedy. 
Whether or not such a protective order or other remedy is obtained or the Company waives 
compliance with the terms of this letter, Other Party agrees that Other Party and its 
Representatives will furnish only that portion of the Evaluation Material or other information 
which Other Party reasonably believes (on advice by counsel) is advised by counsel that it is 
legally required to furnish. 
Other Party hereby acknowledges that the Evaluation Material is being furnished to it in 
-7
consideration of Other Party's agreement that prior to the earlier of (i) April ___, 299177-(113r 
execution by Other Party and the Company of a definitive and binding agreement relating to a 
possible transaction (the "Period"), neither Other Party nor any of its affiliates that have received 
the Evaluation Material under this letter (the "Subject Affiliates"), without the prior written 
consent of the Company, will, whether publicly or otherwise, directly or indirectly (nor will 
Other Party or any of its Subject Affiliates in any way assist, finance, influence or encourage any 
other person or entity, whether publicly or otherwise, directly or indirectly to), initiate, make, 
effect, cause or seek, offer or propose to initiate or participate in or take a position with respect 
to: (i) any acquisition or offer to acquire (by means of any tender or exchange offer, merger or 
other business combination or an other manner) any securities (in excess of 4.9% of the 
outstanding voting securities) or assets of the Company or beneficial ownership (as defined in 
Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act")) thereof; (ii) 
seek or propose to influence, advise, change or control the management or Board of Directors of 
the Company, including, without limitation, by means of a solicitation of proxies or seeking to 
influence, advise or direct the vote of any holder of voting securities of the Company; (iii) any 
disclosure of any intention, plan or arrangement inconsistent with any of the foregoing; (iv) any 
discussions, arrangements, understandings, agreements or proposals with any person or entity 
inconsistent with any of the foregoing or (v) taking any action that might result in the Company 
having to make a public announcement regarding any of the matters referred to in clauses (i) 
through (iv) of this paragraph, or announce an intention to do, or enter into any arrangement or 
understanding or discussions with others to do, any of the actions restricted or prohibited under 
clauses (i) through (iv) of this paragraph; provided however, the foregoing shall immediately 
terminate if (A) there is a commencement by a third-party (directly and indirectly unaffiliated 
with Other Party and otherwise not acting in concert with Other Party) of a tender offer for the 
Company's voting securities without the prior approval or consent of the Company's Board of 
784548.1 
EFTA00727125
--- PAGE 3 ---
03/27/2010 15:42 
PAGE 
23/05 
Directors, or (B) the Company or any of its Representatives enters into any written agreement 
(including, without limitation, binding letters of intent and definitive agreements) for the 
acquisition by another person of the Company's securities and/or assets (though excluding non-
disclosure agreements and like agreements). The Company shall notify Other Party of the 
occurrence of clause (A) and/or (B) within 48 hours. Other Party also agrees that, during the 
Period, neither Other Party nor any of Other Party's Representatives will request the Company or 
any of the Company's Representatives, directly or indirectly, to amend or waive any provision of 
this paragraph (including this sentence). If at the time of this letter Other Party is engaged in any 
of the actions referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) of this paragraph, Other Party agrees to 
promptly cease or withdraw any such action. 
In addition, for a period commencing on the date hereof and terminating on the first 
anniversary of the date hereof, neither Other Party nor any of its Representatives on behalf of 
Other Party, without the prior written consent of the Company, will, in any manner, whether 
publicly or otherwise, solicit, interfere with or endeavor to entice away any officer, director or 
key employee of the Company; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent Other 
Party from (i) making general solicitations through recruiters, newspapers, the internet or 
otherwise, and (ii) hiring unsolicited persons that contact Other Party for employment. 
Other Party also agrees that the Company shall be entitled to specific performance or 
other equitable relief. including injunction, in the event of any breach or threatened breach of the 
provisions of this letter. Such remedy shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedy for a 
breach of this letter but shall be in addition to all other remedies at law or in equity. 
Although the Company has endeavored to include in the Evaluation Material information 
known to it which it believes to be relevant for the purpose of Other Party's investigation, Other 
Party understands that neither the Company nor any of its Representatives has made or makes 
any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the Evaluation Material. 
Other Party agrees that neither the Company nor its Representatives shall have any liability to 
Other Party or any of its Representatives resulting from the use of the Evaluation Material. 
Immediately upon the Company's request, Other Party shall promptly redeliver to the 
Company all written Evaluation Material and any other written material containing or reflecting 
any information in the Evaluation Material (whether prepared by the Company, its advisors or 
otherwise) and will not retain any copies, extracts or other reproductions in whole or in part of 
such written material. All documents, memoranda, notes and other writings whatsoever prepared 
by Other Party or its Representatives based on the information in the Evaluation Material shall 
be destroyed, and such destruction shall be confirmed in writing to the Company by an 
authorized officer supervising such destruction. All information contained in any documents 
returned to the Company or destroyed, and any oral information provided to Other Party or its 
Representatives, will continue to be subject to this letter. 
Each party agrees that unless and until a definitive agreement between the Company and 
Other Party with respect to any transaction referred to in the first paragraph of this letter has been 
executed and delivered, neither the Company nor Other Party will be under any legal obligation 
of any kind whatsoever with respect to such a transaction by virtue of this or any written or oral 
78(1548.I 
EFTA00727126
--- PAGE 4 ---
03/27/2010 15:42 
PAGE 84/05 
expression with respect to such a transaction by the Company or any of its Representatives 
except, in the case of this letter, for the matters specifically agreed to herein. 
This letter shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State 
of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof. It is further agreed 
that any suit, action or proceeding arising under or relating to this letter shall be brought either in 
the United States District Court located in, or a New York state court located in, the County 
which includes New York, New York, and that Other Party and the Company (a) consent to the 
jurisdiction of any such court, (b) agree to service of process in any such suit and agree that 
service of any process, summons, notice or document by U.S. registered or certified mail to 
Other Party's address set forth above shall be effective service of process for any suit, action or 
proceeding brought against Other Party in such court, and (c) agree that any such court will be 
the proper and convenient forum for any such suit, action or proceeding. 
No modifications of this letter or waiver of the terms and conditions hereof will be 
binding upon Other Party or the Company, unless executed in writing by each of Other Party and 
the Company. 
This letter and all obligations hereunder shall terminate on the,. rcrTranniversary of the 
date hereof, except where otherwise explicitly stated herein. 
784548-I 
EFTA00727127
--- PAGE 5 ---
83/27/2818 15:42 
PAGE 05/05 
This letter shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each party's respective 
successors and assigns; provided, however, that neither this letter nor any of the rights, interests 
or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by either Other Party or the Company without the 
prior written consent of the other party. 
Very truly yours, 
[ 
COMPANY 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Confirmed and Agreed to as of 
Date Written Abnve: 
[ 
OTHEg PARTY 
) V \1166 Vla-mr V) (-LC 
By:  
Name: 
Title: 
1,4441 o moo msc 
cio ' 
/111I4R.1 
EFTA00727128

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727129.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727129.pdf
----------------------------------------
OFFER TO PURCHASE 
August 5, 2010 
JACK PREWITT & ASSOCIATES, INC. 
Attn: Mr. Jack D. Prewitt 
Reference: Gulfstream V, Serial Number 502 
VIA FACSIMMILE: 817-267-4805 
Hyperion Air, Inc. or its assignee offers to purchase Gulfstream G-V, serial number 502, for the sum 
Of $18,500,000.00 (Eighteen Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars) AS-IS-WHERE-IS 
subject to the following: 
1. A definitive purchase agreement satisfactory to both parties. 
2. Aircraft to be delivered with title free and clear with no liens. 
3. Aircraft to be delivered in airworthy condition with all systems functioning 
normally as defined by the Manufacturer's specifications. 
4. Aircraft to have all U.S. AD's and mandatory SB's and current on the Manufacturer's 
maintenance program at the time of closing. 
5. A satisfactory pre-purchase inspection of the aircraft and its records at a location 
to be named by the buyer. 
6. All records and complete consecutive log book's, manuals and wiring diagrams to be 
delivered with the aircraft. 
7. This offer expires after 5:00pm CST on August 6, 2010. 
8. A initial refundable deposit of $5,000,000.00 United States Dollars upon acceptance of this 
offer will be facilitated via swift wire to Insured Aircraft Title Service, Oklahoma City, 
Oklahoma. 
Sincerely, 
HYPERION AIR INC. 
Accepted by: 
SKY FLIGHT LEASING LTD. 
Name: 
Jack D. Prewitt 
Title:  
President 
Date:  
Date: August 5, 2010 
(Authorized Agent) 
EFTA00727129

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727130.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727130.pdf
----------------------------------------
OFFER TO PURCHASE 
August 11, 2010 
SKY FLIGHT LEASING LTD 
Attn: Fran Rosasco 
Reference: Gulfstream V, Serial Number 502 
VIA EMAIL: 
with copy to 
Hyperion Air, Inc. or its assignee offers to purchase Gulfstream G-V, serial number 502, for the sum 
Of $18,000,000.00 (Eighteen Million, United States Dollars) AS-IS-WHERE-IS subject to the following: 
1. A definitive purchase agreement executed by both parties prior to the Pre-Purchase Inspection. 
2. Aircraft to be delivered with title free and clear with no liens. 
3. Aircraft to be delivered in airworthy condition with all systems functioning 
normally as defined by the Manufacturer's specifications. Seller will install customer furnished 
"new carpet" or Seller will furnish and install the "new carpet" that has already been acquired. 
Seller will adjust the chairs as necessary. 
4. Aircraft to have all U.S. AD's and mandatory SB's and current on the Manufacturer's 
maintenance program at the time of closing. 
5. Pre-purchase inspection of the aircraft and its records at Gulfstream Aerospace in Appleton, WI 
or Savannah, GA on August 30, 2010. 
6. All records and complete consecutive log book's, manuals and wiring diagrams to be 
delivered with the aircraft. 
7. This offer expires after 5:00pm CST on August 11, 2010. 
8. A initial refundable deposit of $5,000,000.00 United States Dollars upon acceptance of this 
offer will be facilitated via swift wire to Insured Aircraft Title Service, Oklahoma City, 
Oklahoma. The deposit will become non refundable subject to Seller corrections of all 
Airworthiness items as determined by the inspection facility and Seller performs its 
obligations in accordance with the mutually agreed upon Purchase Agreement. 
Sincerely, 
HYPERION AIR INC. 
Accepted by: 
SKY FLIGHT LEASING LTD. 
(Purchaser) 
 (Seller) 
Name: 
Name: 
Title:  
Title: 
Date: 
Date: 
EFTA00727130

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727131.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727131.pdf
----------------------------------------
Board Certified Clvi Thal Lawyu 
Certified Circuit Mediator 
LAW OFFICES Of 
DAVID W. SPICER, P.A. 
11000 Prosperity Farms Road 
Suite 104 
Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 33410 
Jill McClelland 
Telephone: 561-625-6066 
Legal Assistant 
Facsimile: 561.625-6016 
Toll Free Number 1-877-34SPICER 
WWW.DAV1DSPICERLAW.COM 
April 14, 2009 
VIA FACSIMILE AND U.S. MAIL 
Isidro Manuel
 Esq. 
Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datura Street 
Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5637 
RE: 
Your Client: 
Jane Doe II - 
Case Number: 
CA 020614 
Our Client: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Mr al 
Sandra W. Hughes 
ParaMOS/Office Administrator 
Please be advised that I have been retained by Jeffrey Epstein to represent him in the above matter. 
My firm will be submitting a Substitution of Counsel for the Burman Critton Lut tier & Coleman Law 
Firm. It is my understanding that you have set Mr. Epstein for deposition on April 16, 2009. I 
would appreciate your re-scheduling the deposition of Mr. Epstein so I may have the opportunity to 
review the file. 
I am presently in an all day mediation today and would appreciate your contacting my office at your 
earliest opportunity regarding this request. Thank you for your anticipated cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
•. 
David W. Spicer 
DWS/swh 
cc: 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Signed in the absence of 
David W. Spicer to expedite delivery 
EFTA00727131

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727132.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727132.pdf
----------------------------------------
Address: 
Cellular Telephone: 
E-Mail: 
NlaritaUPartner Status: 
Lifestyle: 
Health: 
Gary V. Warstler 
Estate Manager 
PO Box 308. Tuxedo Park, NY 10987 
Citizenship/Visa Status: 
USA, CleanNalid Driver's License and Current Passport 
Languages: 
English 
Salary Expectation: 
Negotiable plus health benefits 
Hands on, optimistic, enthusiastic, highly motivated Estate Manager with over 30 years of 
project management, leadership, team building and culinary experience 
Core Skills & Competencies: 
+ Vendor & Contractor Assurances + Relationship Development 
+Operations + Project Management + Problem Solver 
+ Staff Training + Team Building +Leadership 
+ Budget Research & Accountability +Family Office Administration 
+ Community Interface & Support + Security Protocols 
+ Versatile & Flexible 
EFTA00727132
--- PAGE 2 ---
EDUCATION: 
The International Butler Academy, Zutphen, The Netherlands 
Diploma of Merit, February-April 2006 
LaVarenne L'Ecole De Cuisine, Paris, France 
Intermediate Culinary Certification, July-August 1983 
Washington State University, Pullman, Washington, USA 
Bachelor of Science, Forest Management, 1976 — 1979 
Washington State University, Pullman, Washington, USA 
Bachelor of Science, Biology, 1976 — 1979 
ESTATE MANAGER EXPERIENCE: 
ESTATE MANAGER/PRIVATE CHEF (Greater New York Area & Palm Beach FL) 
8/2007 to Current 
Led all household functions for 4 properties, managed staff of 3 and met the needs, expectations, 
interests and goals of the family 
• 
Communication: Maintain open communication with family to ensure goals, needs and 
expectations are met. Utilize various communication techniques for reporting as desired by 
principal 
• 
Staff Management: Hands On supervisor, promoting low turnover rates, overseeing household 
activities, maintaining white glove standards 
• 
Project Management: Execute all household projects. Research and provide recommendations; 
liaison with vendors representing family guidelines; ensure projects are completed with quality, 
value and timeliness in correspondence with family objectives 
• 
Budget Accountability: Provide documented budget activities and summaries; focus on 
achieving prudently fiscal results 
• 
Art Supervision: Maintain placement and display, care, shipping, touring and conservator 
restoration of original art work 
• 
Wine Cellar Organization: Design regional/age cellar category placement, financial evaluation, 
flavor profiling, drinkability/storage recommendations, procurement and sales 
• 
Personal Care: Cooking, Errands, Shopping, Driving, Child Care, Pet Care, Clothing Care 
ESTATE MANAGER/PRIVATE CHEF (Greater Dallas Area & Grand Bend, Ontario) 
6/2006 to 8/2007 
Managed all activities for 8 properties, supervised domestic staff of 8, traveled with family 
during summer months 
• 
Family Office Administration: Interfaced with family office service providers, administered banking, 
maintaining appropriate files. Utilized Quicken to manage household expenses, weekly and monthly 
accountability 
• 
Personal Property Management: Oversaw 8 properties simultaneously both domestic and international, 
handled project-vendor liaison, contract negotiation, quality assurance in day to day operations, repairs 
and household maintenance work, (HVAC, electrical, water features, seasonal landscaping) ensuring 
limited interruption to family activities 
• 
Vehicle Fleet Management: Scheduled chauffeurs, day by day vehicle fueling and cleaning, state 
inspections, insurance papers and maintenance 
• 
Staff and Vendor Management: Managed domestic staff of 8, expanded service standards, promoted 
efficiencies through cross training and accountability. Managed various vendors for household projects. 
• 
Security: Supervised security goals, protocol and systems including personnel, schedules, vehicles, 
alarm systems, digital technology and hand guns 
EFTA00727133
--- PAGE 3 ---
• 
Entertainment and Events: Coordinated catering functions and logistics for events up to 350 guests 
including meal preparation, theme events and decorations, valet parking and security as needed 
HOUSE MANAGER/PRIVATE CHEF (Naples & Winter Park Florida) 
4/2006 to 5/2006 
Immediate Post Graduate temporary assignments were accepted pursuing aft!! time position 
TRANSFERABLE SKILLS AND RELATED EXPERIENCE: 
FOOD AND BEVERAGE DIRECTOR/EXECUTIVE CHEF POSITIONS (Greater Seattle Area) 
1983 to 2006 
FORESTRY LAND APPRAISAL/CONSULTANT, TIMBER CRUISER (Northern California) 
1979 to 1983 
PERSONAL INTERESTS: 
Cycling, Mountaineering, International travel, Child Mentoring, Food & Wine, Music, Theater 
INTRODUCTION: 
To Whom It May Concern, 
I am currently seeking a long term stable position where I can offer my 25+ years of combined experience in 
hospitality management and estate management. 
Although I have extensive experience in the core skills and competencies expected from an Estate Manager, 
I believe it is my unwavering dedication and passion for providing the utmost in service that makes me a 
successful, reliable and well liked Estate Manager. 
My roots are from an Indiana dairy farm where I learned the value of a self starting initiative, skillful 
leadership and strong work ethics. As I pursued careers in Forestry, Culinary Arts and Estate 
Management, I developed my talents as a project manager, organizer, problem solver and team leader. 
I am an energetic and optimistic individual who puts 100% in everything I do. I apply sincere care to the 
smallest details and sensitive situations. I am known to perform with integrity, trust, confidentiality and 
mutual respect as I believe these are the cornerstones of a successful Estate Manager. I have a 'hands on' 
management style and believe in open communication and flexible cooperation. 
My passions for genuine hospitality, entertaining, home care, food, wine, art and travel have been an 
advantage for those whom I have served during my career. I am fascinated to learn new things and have a 
broad range of interest from cycling and mountain climbing to classical music and theater. My hobbies 
and interests provide me with a healthy balanced lifestyle and make me versatile on many subjects. 
My ultimate goals are to provide you with a level of service and maintain a smoothly run household 
where you can feel nurtured, safe, and cared for. 
Attached are professional letters of reference. I appreciate your interest and consideration and look forward 
to meeting with you. 
Sincerely, 
Gary V. Warstler 
Excellent References upon Request 
EFTA00727134
--- PAGE 4 ---
THE 
COMPANY 
July 18. 2010 
To Whom It May Concern. 
Jason Rose 
244 Hudson Si. 
Cornwall On Hudson, NY 
845 234 2677 
This is a letter of recommendation for Gary Warstler. It pleases me to be able to do this in 
his behalf, since it has been a pleasure to work with Gary over the past years 
As estate manager he is always aware of all that's going on, even the irrigation system. and 
is always learning as much as he can to be on top of 'the when and how- of the systems 
operation. For example. he was accustomed to hearing the irrigation system outside his 
bedroom window every night, which is set to go on at midnight. Whenever he did not hear 
the system operate he would promptly call or even investigate it himself, as he did on many 
occasions. 
One important thing I personally appreciate is Gary's disposition. He was always firm when 
he needed to be, but there was never a feeling of dread or distress when there was a serv-
ice call to be done at the estate. He was always a great person to deal with 
I think of Gary as a true steward of the household. watching over it as if it were his own. I 
personally like Gary and enjoy working around him. There are few people I come into con-
tact with that I can or will genuinely recommend, Gary Warstler is one of those people.
Sincerely yours. 
c_tr., cc. 
Jason Rose 
The Lawn Sprinkler Company 
EFTA00727135
--- PAGE 5 ---
Towne & Country 
, Properties 
Sotheby's 
FNIIIRN•TIONAI, 
Letter of Recommendation: 
Gary NVarstIcr 
To Whom It May Concern: 
Susan Spawn° Most 
IN Route 17 North 
Maeda PM. NY I0987 
t SIS)11.:010 h 443.334.M)U 1143.151.:ISU 
SatinSestaviaaaestealyvsakuOm 
wpm 
S 
tossoosevalscom 
I have know (ivy Vrtarstler for more than two years as the estate manager of a 20 acre, 
multi million dollar estate in Tuxedo Park. NY. comprised of a 9.000 square foot historic 
main residence. several out buildings. extensive gardens and lawns. known as 
- Topridge.-
I am a real estate broker with the company that has this property listed. and make all 
arrangements through Gary for showings to potential purchasers. His cheerful and 
professional demeanor make it an absolute pleasure to work with him. He is responsible 
for the property being in pristine showing condition. from the seasonal plantings 
surrounding the entry fountain to the sparkling inground pool — absolutely no detail is 
overlooked under his care. 
I know only a small portion of Gary's extensive responsibilities, as I know he is also a 
completely trusted employee of this family, squiring children to lessons and school, and 
keeping everything running like clockwork for the family. 
I have worked in the gated community of Tuxedo Park for almost twenty years, and have 
been in the most prestigious estates located here time and time again. and Gary maintains 
the estate to the most exacting standards I have ever seen. I highly recommend Mr. Gary 
Warstler with great confidence, and am pleased to provide this letter. 
Very truly yours. 
Ge,e,vsh 
Susan Broome Rost 
Senior Associate Broker 
Towne and Country Properties 
Sotheby's International Realty 
EFTA00727136
--- PAGE 6 ---
Va&rie Osserman 
August 29.2007 
To Whom It May Concern-
I had the opportunity to work with Clary Wangler from July 2006 through August 2007. My 
interactions with Mr Warstkr were on a daily basis and always served to make the work 
between us flow seamlessly 
My expenence of Gary Wander is that of a dedicated and hard-working individual Ile is 
incredibly detail onentcd and a great believer in teamwork It never ceased to amaze me the 
effort he put into researching and fine-tuning the tasks placed before him Ile never hesitated to 
share that knowledge and any new information with those around him to help increase the value 
of their jobs as well 
There is no doubt in my mind that Mr Wander will he a great asset to whatever position he 
selects to pursue 
Sincerely. 
attic ine7-40--' 
VIdefie O33O111th 
1520 Brighton Drive = Carrorlion, Texas 75007 = 972.492.7660 
EFTA00727137

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727138.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727138.pdf
----------------------------------------
Execution Conv 
iNEWCOI LLC 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT TERMS 
The following terms and conditions are non-binding. These terms and conditions should not be construed as 
a commitment by the Investors to invest. The terms are subject to market conditions, other internal 
approvals, and satisfactory completion of commercial, accounting and legal due diligence. Except as 
provided in the paragraph below entitled "Binding Provisions," no binding obligation will arise on the part of 
any party unless and until the Definitive Documents (as defined below) are executed and delivered. 
BASIC INVESTMENT TERMS 
Issuer: 
[NEWCO], LLC, a newly-formed Delaware limited liability company (the 
"Company" or the "Issuer"). 
Investors: 
COR Development Group, Inc and related parallel investment vehicles 
(collectively, "COR") and other investors satisfactory to COR and the 
Founders (collectively, the "Investors"). 
Founders: 
and 
Purpose: 
To acquire, develop and exploit unconventional oil and gas properties 
primarily in the United States and Canada. 
Capital Structure 
Capital Commitment; 
Commitment Period 
The Company's equity capital structure will initially consist of common units 
("Common Units") and incentive units representing a carried interest in the 
profits of the Company (the "Incentive Units"). The Common Units will be 
capital interests. The Incentive Units will be structured as profits interests and 
reserved for issuance to key employees. The Incentive Units will be issued 
pursuant to separate Incentive Unit Agreements between the Company and 
each key employee. Such agreements will contain vesting provisions, transfer 
restrictions and other customary terms. The Incentive Units will be issued in 
different series (e.g. Series I Incentive Units), and each series of Incentive 
Units will have a "threshold value" that operates similar to an option exercise 
price. The threshold value applicable to any series of Incentive Units will be 
set so the unit qualifies as a profits interests for federal income tax purposes. 
For example, the threshold value of each of the Incentive Units granted at or 
around the initial closing would be $1,000 (i.e. the price per Common Unit 
issued at the initial closing). 
On the terms set forth in the definitive Limited Liability Agreement of the 
Company, during the three year period following the initial closing (the 
"Commitment Period"), the Investors would commit to purchase up to 
500,000 Common Units for a cash contribution to the Company of $1,000 per 
Common Unit. The Investors' commitment to contribute to the capital of the 
Company is referred to herein as its "Commitment' and the Investors' 
aggregate commitment of $500 million is referred to as its "Commitment 
Amount." 
The Commitment Period would terminate before such third anniversary if a 
change of control occurs or if the Company is unable to acquire projects in 
sufficient number or size (as determined by the Board of Managers of the 
Company (the "Board")) to justify continuing the Commitments. 
Funding of capital contributions would be pursuant to annual operating and 
capital budgets, in each case, approved by the Board, which budgets will be 
Draft 6/07109 
EFTA00727138
--- PAGE 2 ---
reviewed on a quarterly basis (as approved, the "Annual Budget'). Significant 
variances from particular line item in any Annual Budget would require further 
Board approval even if such variances do not cause such Annual Budget to be 
exceeded. Once a proposed budget is approved by the Board, management 
would have the authority to conduct the day to day operations of the Company 
within such Annual Budget. 
Initial Capital Contributions: 
Profits Interest Pool 
The Investors would have the ability to contribute any portion of their 
unfunded Commitment immediately prior to a change of control transaction. 
The Company would not raise additional equity capital from sources other than 
the Investors at any time the Investors' unfunded Commitments are positive. 
At the closing, the Investors would purchase, on a pro rata basis in accordance 
with their respective unfunded Commitments, a sufficient number of Common 
Units to fund (i) the Company's start up expenses, (ii) any pending 
acquisitions or investments agreed to by the Investors and (iii) general and 
administrative expenses pursuant to the initial Annual Budget which will be 
approved contemporaneously with the initial closing. At the initial closing, at 
the option of the Founders, the Company shall reimburse the Founders for their 
reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses in developing this 
investment opportunity or issue Common Units to the Founders in the amount 
thereof or any combination of the two as requested by the Founders. In 
addition, in consideration of a satisfactory release and discharge from any 
entity associated with the Founders or from any person associated with such 
entity of any other claims or interests at the initial closing, the Company shall 
reimburse any entity associated with the Founders or from any person 
associated with such entity for its reasonable and documented out of pocket 
expenses in developing this investment opportunity. 
The Incentive Units, in the aggregate, entitle the holders thereof to 50% of the 
profits as described in the "Distribution Waterfall" section below. Out of this 
50%, the Incentive Units shall be granted and shall vest as follows: 
• 
30% would be issued to  
 and 20°A, would be 
issued to 
. The Founders would be 1/3 vested 
at closing, and 2/3 would time vest on an annual basis over 3 years 
with 
respect 
to 
both 
and 
• 
The balance would be available for future grants to management and 
would time vest on an annual basis over 5 years. 
Unvested Incentive Units shall be entitled to participate in distributions to 
Members in accordance with the below distribution waterfall but would be 
forfeitable upon termination of employment. Acceleration of vesting of 
unvested Incentive Units shall occur upon and only upon the occurrence of a 
sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries 
or the sale of all or substantially all of the equity of the Company. 
Any Incentive Units which have not been granted at the time of a change of 
control transaction shall be granted pro rata to the holders of Incentive Units 
then actively engaged in the business of the Company. 
Distributions: 
The amount and timing of all distributions to the holders of Common Units 
and Incentive Units (collectively, the "Members") would be at the discretion 
plewcol, LLC 
TERM EllEET 
Draft 6107109 
EFTA00727139
--- PAGE 3 ---
of the Board, but all funds available for distribution (including those from 
operations, sale of assets, on liquidation or by reason of any liquidity event) 
would be distributed in the following amounts and order of priority: 
First, 50% of available funds for distribution shall be distributed to the holders 
of Common Units until each holder of Common Units has received cumulative 
distributions under this second tier, for each Common Unit held thereby, in the 
amount of $1,000. (Tier 2) 
Second, the remaining available funds shall distributed as follows: (i) the 
Incentive Pool Percentage of the available cash shall be distributed the holders 
of Eligible Incentive Units and (ii) the Capital Interest Percentage shall be 
distributed to the holders of Common Units (Tier 3). 
"Capital Interest Percentage" means, as of any date of determination, I00% 
minus the Incentive Pool Percentage. 
"Eligible Incentive Unit' means any Incentive Unit that has a threshold value 
(i.e., strike price) equal to or less than the cumulative distributions previously 
made in respect of any Common Unit under Tiers I, 2 and 3 of the waterfall. 
"Incentive Pool Percentage" means, as of any date of distribution, 50%. 
To the extent the Board determines the Company has available funds on hand, 
before the Company makes any distribution with respect to any fiscal year 
under the above distribution waterfall, the Company will make annual cash 
distributions to its Members to satisfy tax liability arising from the cumulative 
net income of the Company allocated to the Members during such fiscal year 
and preceding fiscal years. 
GOVERNANCE 
PROVISIONS 
Board of Directors: 
Member Voting Rights: 
Protective Provisions: 
The Company will be managed by a board of directors (the "Board") 
comprised of up to eight managers of which one will be designated by the 
Investors and seven will be directors acceptable to the Investors and the 
Founders.  
 and the Company's President would also 
serve on the Board so long as they remain actively involved in the business. 
The Investors shall be permitted to include non-voting Board observers at 
Board meetings. 
Incentive Units shall be non-voting. Action by the Members shall require the 
vote or approval of the holders of a majority of the Common Units. 
In addition to any required Board approval, the Company will not take certain 
actions, including those listed below, without the affirmative vote or approval 
of the Investors: 
(i) the sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its assets or any 
merger of the Company with another entity (whether or not such transaction 
results in a change of control); 
INEwcol, LLC 
TERM SHEET 
Draft 6/07/09 
EFTA00727140
--- PAGE 4 ---
(ii) the acquisition of oil and gas properties (and interests therein) or 
undeveloped land acquisitions; 
(iii) the liquidation or dissolution of the Company or the commencement of, or 
any decision not to take action for the prevention of, any bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceedings involving the Company or its subsidiaries; 
(iv) the amendment of the Company's limited liability company agreement 
(including by way of merger, consolidation or conversion); 
(v) an initial public offering; 
(vi) any transaction with affiliates of the Company; 
(vii) the issuance of any membership interests or units; 
(viii) the repurchase of units; 
(ix) the sale of a material portion of the Company's assets; 
(x) the Company's incurrence of material debt (other than pursuant to any 
Annual Budget); and 
(xi) approval of any Annual Budget. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall be permitted (without the 
prior vote or approval of the Investors) to make land acquisitions and to incur 
expenses related therewith provided that the amounts spent thereon do not 
exceed an annual threshold to be agreed. 
CERTAIN MEMBER 
EOUITY RIGHTS 
Preemptive Rights: 
Transfer Restrictions: 
Right of First Refusal: 
Co-Sale Rights 
Draft 6/07109 
In the event the Company proposes to issue any equity securities (other than 
the Common Units to be issued to the Investors in exchange for its 
Commitment, securities issued as consideration in approved acquisitions, 
Incentive Units and other customary exceptions), each holder of Units that is 
an accredited investor shall have the right to purchase its pro rata portion of 
such securities. Any security not subscribed for by an eligible party will be 
reallocated among the other eligible parties. 
Incentive Units shall not be transferable except to certain family members or 
family trusts for estate planning purposes or in connection with a liquidity 
event. 
Except for certain permitted transfers or transfers in connection with a liquidity 
event, before any holder of Common Units transfers any of its Common Units, 
such holder shall first offer to sell such securities to the other Members who 
are accredited investors (other than holders of Incentive Units) on a pro rata 
basis and on the same price and terms offered by the proposed buyer. 
In the event the holders of a majority of Common Units approve a sale of all or 
substantially all of the assets of the Company, a change of control transaction 
iNewcol, LLC 
TERM SHEET 
EFTA00727141
--- PAGE 5 ---
and Drag-Along Obligations: 
Conversion Rights: 
Registration Rights: 
I nformation Rights: 
DOCUMENTATION AND 
MISCELLANEOUS 
Definitive Documents: 
Conditions to Closing: 
(by stock deal, merger, recap or otherwise) or conversion of the Company into 
a different type of business entity (such as a corporation) and such transaction 
is approved by the Investors (so long as it has the approval rights described 
above), all of the other holders of Units shall be required to participate in, vote 
in favor of and waive all dissenters' rights with respect to such transaction. 
The total consideration received in any such transaction shall be pooled and 
then distributed according to the priorities and amounts required by the 
distribution waterfall described above. 
In the event any holder of Common Units proposes to transfer any of such 
Units to any third-party (i.e. persons other than permitted transferees), other 
holders of Common Units may participate in such sale by including a pro rata 
share of the Common Units held thereby in such sale. Customary tag-along 
exceptions would be incorporated. 
Notwithstanding the previous provisions, immediately prior to the effective 
date of any initial public offering (an "IPO"), at the discretion of the Board, all 
outstanding Units shall be exchanged for common stock in a newly formed 
corporation. The number of shares of common stock issued in respect of any 
class or series of Units shall be determined by calculating the pre-IPO equity 
value of the Company based on the common stock price to the public in the 
IPO and distributing such value to all holders of Units in the same amounts 
and priorities as described in the distribution waterfall above. Common stock 
issued in exchange for unvested Incentive Units will be subject to parallel 
vesting or forfeiture provisions. 
At any time after the consummation of an IPO, the Investors will have 
customary demand registrations rights, piggy back registration rights and Rule 
144 compliance requirements. The Investors will have priority with respect to 
underwriters' cutbacks in all registrations initiated by such investors upon 
exercise of their demand registration rights. The Company will bear all 
expenses of a registration, other than underwriting discounts. 
The Investors shall have the right to visit the Company's facilities and meet 
with management upon reasonable notice and receive customary information, 
notices, budgets and financial reports. 
The definitive documentation memorializing the terms of the investment 
contemplated by this Term Sheet shall include a Subscription Agreement, a 
Limited Liability Company Agreement and related agreements (the 
"Definitive Documents"). The Investors will submit an initial draft of the 
Definitive Documents as soon as practicable after the execution of this Term 
Sheet and completion of sufficient due diligence to warrant moving to the 
Definitive Documentation stage. 
(1) 
The Investors shall be satisfied with their financial, legal and tax due 
diligence. 
(ii) 
The Definitive Documents shall be entered into in form and substance 
piewcol, LLC 
TERM SHEET 
Draft 6/07/09 
EFTA00727142
--- PAGE 6 ---
satisfactory to the Investors and the Founders. 
(iii) 
Final approval of investment committees of the Investors. 
(iv) 
The Company shall have identified a Chief Executive Officer 
satisfactory to the Investors and the Founders. 
Fees and Expenses: 
Exclusivity: 
Right to Conduct Activities: 
Binding Provisions: 
Draft 6r 07 09 
At the closing, the Company will pay or reimburse the reasonable, out-of-
pocket fees and expenses (including legal and accounting fees and expenses) 
of the Investors and the Founders incurred in connection with the formation of 
the Company and the negotiation of the Definitive Agreements. Thereafter, the 
Company shall reimburse the Investors for their reasonable, out of pocket 
expenses incurred in connection with administering or enforcing its rights 
under the Definitive Agreements, amendments to such agreements, monitoring 
its investment in the Company, and any other material event affecting the 
Company (e.g. a sale transaction, private placement or public offering). 
The Company will reimburse the members of the Board and the Board 
observers for travel, lodging and other customary expenses incurred in 
connection with serving in such capacities. 
The Company acknowledges that the Investors will devote substantial time 
and will incur out-of-pocket expenses in connection with conducting 
confirmatory due diligence and arranging the transactions contemplated 
hereby. To induce the Investors to incur such time and expenses, the Founders 
hereby agree that from the date this Term Sheet is executed until the date that 
is 30 days after the date hereof (the "Exclusivity Period"), the Founders shall 
not, nor shall they permit their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, 
managers, officers, employees, advisors, agents or family members to, directly 
or indirectly, (A) initiate, solicit, encourage, discuss, negotiate or accept any 
inquiries, proposals or offers (whether initiated by them or otherwise) with 
respect to the matters addressed herein (a "Potential Transaction") 
(B) provide information to any other party, or review information of any other 
party, in connection with a Potential Transaction or (C) enter into any contract, 
agreement or arrangement with any party, concerning or relating to a Potential 
Transaction. 
In the event that Issuer or any of its affiliates receives an 
unsolicited inquiry, proposal or offer with respect to a Potential Transaction, 
or obtains information that such an inquiry, proposal or offer is likely to be 
made, the Founders will provide COR with immediate notice thereof, and will 
notify COR immediately of any subsequent developments with respect to such 
inquiries, proposals or offers, which notices shall include the terms of, and the 
identity of the person or persons making, such inquiry, proposal or offer. 
The Company acknowledges that COR is managing private equity funds that 
invest in portfolio companies in various industries including companies that 
may compete with the Company. The Definitive Agreements will reflect that, 
subject to its confidentiality obligation, COR shall have no responsibility to 
direct any investment opportunity to the Company nor shall COR be restricted 
in any manner from pursuing any such opportunity for its own account. 
The parties hereto agree that the provisions entitled "Exclusivity," 
"Confidentiality" and "Governing Law" within this Term Sheet are binding. 
All others are non-binding. 
plewcol, LLC 
TERM SHEET 
EFTA00727143
--- PAGE 7 ---
Confidentiality: 
Neither this Term Sheet nor its substance, in whole or in part, will be disclosed 
publicly or privately except with the written consent of COR and the 
Founders; provided, COR may disclose this Term Sheet to prospective 
investors. 
Governing Law: 
This Term Sheet shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of 
Colorado. The Definitive Agreements shall be governed by the internal laws 
of the State of Delaware. 
Agreed and Accepted as of 
2009: 
COR Development Group, Inc. 
By: 
INEwcol, LLC 
TERM SHEET 
Draft 6/07109 
EFTA00727144

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727145.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gensler 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Santa Monica CA 90404 
USA 
September 28, 2009 
Tel 31O449.5600 
Fax 310.449.5850 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
LSJ, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarters, Suite B-3 
St. Thomas, Virgin Islands 00802 
Subject: 
Agreement for Architectural Services 
For Epstein Interests 
Little St. James Pool Area and Screening Room 
Gensler Project Number 05.7112.000 
Dear Mr. Epstein: 
This Agreement is between Mr. Jeffrey Epstein ("Client") and M. Arthur Gensler 
Jr. and Associates, Inc. ("Gensler") for architectural services. 
A. PROJECT 
A.1 Project Description. The project is located on Little St. James Island, a 
private Island off the coast of St. Thomas. 
The project includes five main areas: 
1. New construction of a Pool Area and subterranean Screening Room, including: 
13,700 SF Pool Deck with 2,100 SF Pool, 2,500 Covered Porch, 500 SF Shade 
Structure, 820 SF Cabana, 350 SF Cabana, two 700 SF Pavilions, a 3000 SF 
Screening Room, and associated Mechanical and Support spaces. 
2. New construction of a 1,200 SF AN Garage building. 
3. Exterior façade alterations and a new roof for the Main Residences. 
4. New Dock House building on an existing dock. 
5. Landscaping for the Service Road and Office Path. 
A.2 Project Budget. Client and Gensler will review Client's budget goals for the 
Project at the commencement of design. During design, Client and Gensler will 
monitor the Project Budget, and Client will adjust it to reflect changes in the 
program requirements, design, and level of design detail, or adjust the program to 
be consistent with the Project Budget. 
A.3 Project Schedule. Gensler will develop a Project Schedule of important 
milestones for Client's review and approval. During design, Gensler and Client will 
monitor the Project for conformance with the Schedule, and Gensler will notify 
Client of any necessary changes in the Schedule. The following milestones are 
presently projected: 
EFTA00727145
--- PAGE 2 ---
Gensler 
Little St. James Pool Area and Screening Room 
Agreement for Architectural Services 
September 18, 2009 
Page 2 
a) Commencement of Basic Services (approximate dates, to be confirmed, pending 
authorization by Client to proceed with each phase): 
• 
Schematic Design (approx 6 weeks): 
December 2008 
• 
Design Development (approx 8 weeks): 
April 2009 
• 
Construction Documents (approx 12 weeks): 
September 2009 
b) Commencement of Construction (approx 8 months): 
January 2009 
c) Substantial Completion or Occupancy: 
August 2010 
B. SCOPE OF SERVICES PROVIDED BY GENSLER 
Client and Gensler will provide the names of their Project team members, including 
the primary contact person and the person authorized to make decisions. 
B.1 GENSLER'S BASIC SERVICES 
Gensler's Basic Services include design services for the Project, and design 
services for the following building systems or components: 
a) Architectural Design. 
b) Interior Design (Screening Room only). 
c) Structural Engineering. 
d) Mechanical, Electrical and Plumbing Engineering (within 5' of the building 
perimeter). 
e) Acoustical Engineering (Screening Room). 
f) Audio/Visual System Design for sound and projection equipment (Screening 
Room only). 
g) General lighting design. 
h) Landscape design (pool deck and service road areas). 
i) Swimming Pool Design 
j) Waterproofing System Design 
Refer to Attachment B for additional information regarding specific scope in each 
portion of the project. 
Phase One - Design 
1. Schematic Design. Based on the approved Conceptual Design and Client's 
authorization to proceed, Gensler will develop the Schematic Design, consisting 
of: 
a) Site plan; 
b) Building elevations; 
c) Typical building sections; 
d) Floor plans; 
e) Outline description of building systems included in Gensler's scope of services, 
prepared by Gensler's consultants; 
f) Preliminary project description; 
g) Perspective views of 3D "Sketch-up" model. 
Gensler will provide two copies of the Schematic Design Documents and will meet 
with Client one time (location TBD) to present and review the material. 
EFTA00727146
--- PAGE 3 ---
Gensler 
Little St. James Pool Area and Screening Room 
Agreement for Architectural Services 
September 18, 2009 
Page 3 
2. Design Development. Based on the approved Schematic Design and Client's 
authorization to proceed, Gensler will proceed with Design Development, to further 
develop the design, including: 
a) Site plan; 
b) Building elevations; 
c) Building sections; 
d) Floor plans of each typical and unique level; 
e) Preliminary designs of building systems included in Gensler's scope of services, 
prepared by Gensler's consultants; 
f) Reflected ceiling plans of common spaces; 
g) Exterior lighting; 
h) Interior lighting; 
i) Architectural treatments, including materials palettes; 
j) Key details; 
k) Preliminary interior finishes; 
I) Additional perspective views of 3D "Sketch-up" model as necessary to describe 
the project. 
Gensler will provide two copies of the Design Development Documents and will 
meet with Client one time (location TBD; additional meetings as necessary to 
resolve design issues) to present and review the material. 
3. Construction Documents. Based on the approved Design Development 
Documents, authorized adjustments to the Project Budget, and Client's 
authorization to proceed, Gensler will provide Drawings and Specifications intended 
to be used for constructing the Project, including: 
a) Site plan; 
b) Building sections and elevations; 
c) Enlarged plans and elevations of special areas; 
d) Floor plans of each typical and unique level; 
e) Roof and penthouse plans; 
f) Design details; 
g) Finish plans and finish schedules; 
h) Engineering drawings of systems included in Gensler's scope of services, 
prepared by Gensler's consultants; 
i) Reflected ceiling plans; 
k) Specifications. 
phase Two - Implementation 
1. Bidding or Negotiation. Gensler's assistance will be limited to architectural 
matters. Gensler will assist with Client's assessment of pricing and contracting 
strategies, and selection of vendors. No meetings are included in this phase. 
2. Permit Applications. Gensler will assist Client in connection with filing 
documents required by governmental authorities having jurisdiction over the 
Project. The Client will provide an "expediter" to submit the drawings for all 
required approvals, and coordinate with authorities having jurisdiction. Gensler 
EFTA00727147
--- PAGE 4 ---
Gensler 
Little St. James Pool Area and Screening Room 
Agreement for Architectural Services 
September 18, 2009 
Page 4 
will secure an Architectural License in USVI, through reciprocal agreements 
between the US and USVI. Gensler Consultants will secure similar licenses, if 
required by local agencies. 
3. Construction Administration. Gensler will assist Client with Construction 
Administration. Gensler's Construction Administration services will begin with the 
award of the Construction Contract and end thirty (30) days after Substantial 
Completion or when Gensler signs the Contractor's final payment application, 
whichever occurs first. 
3.1 Meetings and Site Visits. Gensler will visit the Project site during 
construction to attend job meetings and to walk through the Project as often, in 
Gensler's professional judgment, as is appropriate to become generally familiar 
with the progress and quality of the Work, and to determine whether the Work is 
in general conformance with the aesthetic design intent. Gensler's fee for Basic 
Services includes eight one-day site visits during active construction. If Gensler 
observes Work that does not conform to the Construction Documents, Gensler 
will recommend that Client reject it. Gensler will also recommend inspection or 
testing of the Work if Gensler believes it is appropriate. 
3.2 Communications During Construction. Client and Contractor shall 
communicate with each other, and with Gensler's consultants, through Gensler. 
Gensler will maintain logs of documents received, reviewed, and/or issued by 
Gensler. 
3.2.1 Requests for Information. Upon Client's or Contractor's request for 
information, Gensler will provide written or graphic interpretations and 
clarifications of the Construction Documents. 
3.2.2 Bulletins. Gensler will use its Bulletin form to: a) authorize minor 
changes in the Work; b) issue supplemental instructions related to the Work; c) 
confirm Field Orders; and d) request proposals for changes in the Work. 
3.2.3 Submittals. Gensler will review and take appropriate action on Samples, 
Product Data, Shop Drawings, and other submittals that the Construction 
Documents require Contractor to submit ("Submittals"), to determine whether 
those items and Contractor's proposed methods of fabrication are generally 
consistent with the aesthetic design intent. Gensler will conduct up to two (2) 
reviews of any Submittal as a Basic Service. 
3.3. Changes. Gensler may authorize minor changes in the Work if they are 
consistent with the aesthetic design intent and do not involve an adjustment in 
the Project Budget or Schedule. 
3.4. Contractor's Payment Applications. Gensler will review Contractor's 
monthly payment applications and make recommendations to Client regarding 
amounts due. Gensler's approval of a payment application shall represent to 
EFTA00727148
--- PAGE 5 ---
Gensler 
Little St. James Pool Area and Screening Room 
Agreement for Architectural Services 
September 18, 2009 
Page 5 
Client that, to the best of Gensler's knowledge, information, and belief, the Work 
has progressed to the point indicated and is consistent with the aesthetic design 
intent. 
3.5 Substantial Completion. Gensler will conduct one field review, and if 
necessary, one follow-up field review, to observe whether the Work is 
substantially complete. These field reviews are included within the eight visits 
noted in Item 3.1 above. When Gensler determines that the Work is 
substantially complete, Gensler will issue the Certificate of Substantial 
Completion. 
3.6 Final Completion and Project Close-Out. No later than thirty (30) days 
following Substantial Completion, Gensler will conduct one field review, and if 
necessary, one follow-up field review, to observe Contractor's completed punch 
list items. When Gensler believes that the Work has been sufficiently completed 
in conformance with the Construction Documents, Gensler will approve 
Contractor's final payment application. 
B.2 CAD FORMAT AND STANDARDS. Gensler and its consultants will use 
AutoCAD 2004 or 2006 and Gensler's CAD Standards. At the completion of the 
Project, Gensler will deliver electronic files of Gensler's Construction Documents 
and Bulletins. Gensler will translate CAD files provided by Client and/or Client's 
consultants as an Additional Service. 
B.3 GENSLER'S ADDITIONAL SERVICES. Gensler will provide services 
beyond Basic Services ("Additional Services") if requested by Client and 
confirmed in writing by Gensler. Additional Services include, but are not limited 
to, value engineering, professional models or renderings, Client-requested 
revisions that are inconsistent with prior approvals or instructions, and 
preparation or review of record drawings. 
C. SCOPE OF SERVICES PROVIDED BY CLIENT 
C.1 SERVICES PROVIDED BY CLIENT OR OTHERS. The following services 
may be required on the Project, and shall be provided by Client, Client's 
consultants, or others: 
a) Consulting services other than those included in Gensler's scope above. 
b) Civil Engineering, including shoring, excavation, grading, drainage, on-site 
and off-site utilities, septic systems, exterior pavement and curbs for parking, 
drives, and street connections five feet beyond the building perimeter. 
c) Soils or Geotechnical Engineering. 
d) Fire Alarm and Detection Systems Engineering (fire sprinkler system, fire 
alarm system). 
e) Design Services related to utilities to be supplied to the building, including 
water supply and storage, electrical supply and transformers, propane, and 
septic systems 
f) Furniture, fixtures and equipment, and other Owner-supplied items. 
g) Indoor air quality consultant services. 
EFTA00727149
--- PAGE 6 ---
Gensler 
Little St. James Pool Area and Screening Room 
Agreement for Architectural Services 
September 18, 2009 
Page 6 
h) Services for telephone, security systems and other special wiring and 
equipment. 
I) Services for off-site work. 
j) Special exterior lighting and illuminated signage services. 
k) Special acoustical considerations, analysis of existing structures, and analysis 
and testing of this project during and after construction. 
I) THX, Imax or other specialty presentation design standards/ 
m) Custom lighting. 
n) Custom art work and murals. 
0) Design-build services (pool); 
C.2 CLIENT FURNISHED INFORMATION. The following is a partial list of 
information to be provided by the Owner (additional information may be required 
as the project proceeds): 
a) Site survey (AutoCAD format), with location of property lines, setbacks, 
easements, topography (1' elevation increments), main utilities, roadways, 
other structures, and any other information that may be pertinent to the 
Project, to be provided by a licensed surveyor. 
b) As-built drawings of existing surrounding buildings. 
c) Soils and Geology reports, for determination of design criteria for building's 
foundations and location of septic systems. 
d) Civil Engineering, including shoring, grading and drainage systems design. 
e) Any criteria from the Owner related to the design and layout of the auditorium, 
casework and equipment, sound and projection systems, screens, seating, or 
any other programmatic requirements. 
f) Information related to Owner-provided furniture, fixtures or equipment. 
g) Planning, zoning and easement information, if required. 
h) Requirements and restrictions from all governing agencies if applicable. 
I) Security, computer, and telephone systems information. 
C.3 CLIENT'S REQUIREMENTS OF CONTRACTOR. Client will, through the 
Construction Contract, require Contractor to: 
a) Provide access to Work; 
b) Provide the Submittal Schedule for Gensler's approval and provide required 
Submittals in accordance with the Schedule; 
c) Review Submittals, identify any changes, and approve before submitting to 
Gensler; 
d) Follow proper procedures for requests for substitutions; 
e) Maintain logs of all documents issued to and received from all other parties; 
f) Provide required certificates or statements of performance characteristics; 
g) Complete punch list items within thirty (30) days of Substantial Completion; 
h) Provide to Client record drawings, maintenance manuals, written warranties, 
and related documents within thirty (30) days of Substantial Completion. 
EFTA00727150
--- PAGE 7 ---
Gensler 
Little St. James Pool Area and Screening Room 
Agreement for Architectural Services 
September 18, 2009 
Page 7 
D. COMPENSATION 
Compensation to Gensler for Basic Services, Additional Services, and Reimbursable 
Expenses shall be as described below. When Gensler's compensation is based on 
hourly rates, the rates shall be those set forth in Gensler's Standard Hourly Billing 
Rates (attached). 
D.1 Basic Services. Compensation for Basic Services shall be on 
basis, billed as indicated below. 
1. Pool Area (includes landscape at service road and office path): 
$937,750 
2. AN Garage: 
$ 20,000 
3. Existing Main Residence: 
$ 23,500 
4. Pock House: 
$ 22,000 
$1,003,250 
Refer to the Attachment B, Scope and Fee Summary, for additional information. 
a lump sum 
D.1.1 Initial Payment. An initial payment shall be paid upon commencement of 
each phase of Gensler's and our Consultants' services. 
a) Schematic Design Phase: 
b) Design Development Phase: 
c) Construction Documents Phase: 
Fee 
d) Construction Administration Phase: 
$50,000 plus 50% Consultants' SD Fee 
$50,000 plus 50% Consultants' DD Fee 
$100,000 plus 25% Consultants' CD 
$25,000 plus 25% Consultants' CA Fee 
The initial payment shall be held as a retainer for each phase, to be credited 
against the final invoice for each phase. If the final invoice for any phase is less 
than the amount of the retainer held, the difference shall be returned to the 
Client after all appropriate credits have been made. 
D.2 Additional Services. Compensation for Additional Services (if not agreed 
upon as a lump sum amount) shall be based on Gensler's Standard Hourly Billing 
Rates. Additional Services shall include, but not be limited to, the following: 
Making revisions in Drawings, Specifications, Project Manual or other documents 
when such revisions are: (a) inconsistent with approvals or instructions 
previously given by Client, including revisions made necessary by adjustments in 
Client's program, Project Budget or Project location; (b) required by the 
enactment, revised interpretation, jurisdictional differences in interpretation, or 
revision of codes, laws or regulations subsequent to the preparation of such 
documents, or additional costs caused by delays resulting from such; or (c) due 
to changes required as a result of Client's failure to render decisions in a timely 
manner. In addition, professional renderings or models (other than Sketch-Up 
format computer modeling done by Gensler) produced by others are deemed to 
be an Additional Service. 
EFTA00727151
--- PAGE 8 ---
Gensler 
Little St. James Pool Area and Screening Room 
Agreement for Architectural Services 
September 18, 2009 
Page 8 
D.3 Reimbursable Expenses. Compensation for Reimbursable Expenses 
incurred by Gensler in connection with the Project shall be based on amounts 
invoiced to Gensler, plus twelve percent (12%). 
D.4 Consultants. Additional Consultants' fees, beyond those already included 
in this Contract, shall be compensated based on amounts invoiced to Gensler, 
plus fifteen percent (150/o). 
D.5 Progress Payments. Progress payments shall be made monthly. Where 
Gensler's fee is based on a lump sum, progress payments for Basic Services shall 
be based on the percentage of services provided during the previous month, as 
indicated below. 
• 
Schematic Design: Initial Payment as indicated above; balance due at the 
end of the phase. 
• 
Design Development: Initial Payment as indicated above; balance due at 
the end of phase. 
• 
Construction Documents: Initial Payment as indicated above; 1/3 balance 
due at end of 1", 2" and 3't  months. 
• 
Construction Administration: Initial Payment as indicated above; balance 
billed monthly as percentage complete. 
E. AGREEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE 
E.1 Agreement. This Agreement is comprised of and incorporates the following 
documents, in order of precedence: 
a) amendments and modifications signed by both parties; 
b) This Letter of Agreement; 
c) The attached Standard Terms and Conditions (STC); 
d) The attached Gensler Standard Billing Rate Schedule (Attachment A); 
e) The detailed fee summary (Attachment B); 
f) The attached Scope Diagrams dated March 20, 2009. 
Where a portion of one document is amended by another of higher precedence, all 
unmodified portions shall remain in effect. 
EFTA00727152
--- PAGE 9 ---
Gensler 
Little St. James Pool Area and Screening Room 
Agreement for Architectural Services 
September 18, 2009 
Page 9 
E.2 Effective Date. The effective date of this Agreement shall be deemed the 
date Gensler started to provide services on the Project (the date we received the 
Schematic Design Phase initial payment), on or about January 13, 2009. 
By Gensler 
Warwick Ian Wicksman, AIA 
By Client 
(Printed Name of Signatory) 
By 
B 
(Signature) 
(Signature) 
principal
(Title) 
(Date) 
(Title) 
(Date) 
On behalf of Andrew P. Cohen 
Executive Director - Santa Monica Office, 
California Registration Number C12855 
cc: Andrew P. Cohen, Robert Jernigan, NIla Leiserowitz, Joe Harris 
EFTA00727153
--- PAGE 10 ---
Gensler 
Little St. James Pool Area and Screening Room 
Agreement for Architectural Services 
September 18, 2009 
Page 10 
Attachment A: 
Gensler Standard Hourly Billing Rates 
Warwick Wicksman Project Principal/Project Manager 
$230.00 
Tom Sze 
Project Designer 
$180.00 
Bob Anderson 
Project Architect 
$150.00 
Senior Professional Staff 
$140.00 - $200.00 
Intermediate Professional Staff 
$85.00 - $135.00 
Junior Professional Staff 
$60.00 - $80.00 
Our rates are reviewed annually based upon an assessment of the market value 
of the position/function. 
EFTA00727154
--- PAGE 11 ---
Gensler 
Little St. James Pool Area and Screening Room 
Agreement for Architectural Services 
September 18, 2009 
Page 11 
Attachment B: 
Scope and Fee Summary 
I 
Pool Area: 
New Construction. Includes East and West Cabanas, North and South Pavilions, Grand Stair, 
Pool, Pool Deck, and Basement . Architectural services include shelUcore services for all areas, 
and Interior Design services at the Screening Room only. 
SD 
DD 
CD 
CA 
Total 
Gensler 
$100,000 
$96,000 
$222,000 
$95,000 
$513,000 
Structural 
$9,375 
$11,500 
$32,625 
$6,000 
$59,500 
MEP 
$10,500 
$16,250 
$24,000 
$25,000" 
$75,750 
Acoustical 
$4,500 
$6,000 
$15,000 
$4,500 
$30,000 
Lighting 
$5,000 
$7,500 
$17,500 
$5,000 
$35,000 
A/V 
$8,000 
$10,000 
$29,000 
$5,000 
$52,000 
AN THX 
Certification 
Not included 
Not included 
Not included 
Not included 
Not included 
Waterproofing 
$4,000 
$5,250 
$13,250 
$4,000 
$26,500 
Landscape 
$12,500 
$24,000 
$36,500 
Not included 
$73,000 
Pool 
$14,500 
$14,500 
$29,500*** 
$14,500" 
$73,000 
Total 
$168,375 
$191,000 
$419,375 
$159,000 
$937,750* 
Consultant fees are broken down by phase for convenience only. Actual phasing of consultant 
services may vary with required sequences of coordination. 
* Plus standard reimbursable expenses. 
" Allowance, to be billed hourly 
*** Pool CD/CA Services pending further review by the Owner. 
2. ATV Garage: 
New construction. Assumes all design services are performed in conjunction with the Pool 
Area work described above, and are integrated into one set of documents with the Pool Area. 
SD 
DD 
CD 
CA 
Total 
Gensler 
Included in 
Item 1 above 
$4,000 
$8,000 
Included in 
Item I above 
$12,000 
Structural 
Included in 
Item 1 above 
$1,000 
$2,000 
Included in 
Item I above 
$3,000 
MEP 
$1,000 
$1,000 
$3 
Included in
,000 
Item 1 above 
$5000 
Total 
$1,000 
$6,000 
$13,000 
$20,000* 
Consultant fees are broken down by phase for convenience only. Actual phasing of consultant 
services may vary with required sequences of coordination. 
* Plus standard reimbursable expenses. 
EFTA00727155
--- PAGE 12 ---
Gensler 
Little St. James Pool Area and Screening Room 
Agreement for Architectural Services 
September 18, 2009 
Page 12 
3. Existing Main Residence, Existing Pavilions, Existing Master Bedroom Suite: 
Renovation. Main Residence and Pavilion scope includes new roofing, column covers, 
comice/gutter, and new HVAC systems. Master Bedroom Suite scope is new HVAC only. 
Scope does not include any remodeling or expansion of existing buildings. 
SD 
DD 
CD 
CA 
Total 
Gensler 
Included in 
#1 above 
Included in 
#1 above 
Included in 
#1 above 
Included in 
#1 above 
Included in 
#1 above 
Structural 
- 
- 
- 
- 
,500"
$3 
MEP 
$5,000 
$5,000 
$10,000 
Included in 
#1 above 
$20,000 
Waterproofing 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Included in 
#1 above 
Total 
$5,000 
$5,00 
$10,00 
_ 
$23,500* 
* Plus standard reimbursable expenses. 
**Allowance to be billed hourly. 
4. Dock House: 
New construction over at existing dock. Scope includes Archi ectural Schematic Design 
only, and DD/CD review of Construction Documents prepared by others. 
SD 
DD 
CD 
CA 
Total 
Gensler 
$15,000 
$2,000** 
$5,000** 
Not included 
S22,000 
Total 
$15,000 
2,000** 
S5,000** 
- 
$22,000* 
* Plus standard reimbursable expenses. 
**Allowance to be billed hourly. 
5. Landscaping at Service Road and Office Path: 
Includes landscape design for these areas, and coordination by the Architect. 
_ 
SD 
DD 
CD 
CA 
Total 
Gensler 
Included in 
#1 above 
Included in 
#1 above 
Not included 
Included in 
#1 above 
Included in 
#1 above 
Landscape 
Included in 
#1 above 
Included in 
#1 above 
Not included 
Not included 
Included in 
#1 above 
Total 
Included in 
#1 above 
Included in 
#1 above 
Not included 
Not included 
Included in 
#1 above 
* Plus standard reimbursable expenses. 
EFTA00727156
--- PAGE 13 ---
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN CLIENT AND ARCHITECT 
FOR ARCHITECTURAL / INTERIORS SERVICES (STC) 
Gensler 
Article 1 • Definitions and General Provisions 
1.1 
Parties. The terms "Client" and "Architect" include each party's 
authorized representatives, officers, directors, shareholders, and 
employees. 
1.2 
Project Budget. The Project Budget includes the construction 
budget, furniture, furnishings, equipment costs, and cost of all goods 
and services to be furnished by Client, Contractor, and any of their 
subcontractors or consultants, and contingency allowances. 
1.3 
Days or Time. Time periods refer to calendar days, unless 
otherwise stated. 
Article 2 - Architect's Services 
2.1 
Architect's services shall be performed as expeditiously as is 
consistent with professional skill and care and the orderly progress of 
the Work 
2.2 
Limitations of Construction Responsibilities. Architect shall not 
have control over, or charge of, and shall not be responsible for, 
construction means, methods, schedules, or delays, or for safety 
precautions and programs in connection with the Work 
Article 3 - Client's Responsibilities 
3.1 
Information. Client shall provide full information regarding the 
requirements for the Project. 
3.2 
Legal and Financial Information. Client shall furnish Architect 
with: (a) a legal description of the property; (b) the name and address 
of the property owner; and (c) the name and address of any 
construction lender(s). 
3.3 
Surveys. Client shall furnish surveys fully describing physical 
characteristics, legal limitations, and utility locations for the Project 
site. 
3.0 
Existing or Base Building Information. Upon request, Client shall 
provide information, drawings, specifications, and other documents 
that describe the existing utility services, site conditions, build-out and 
base building construction, and systems in or with which the Project is 
to be located or integrated. 
3.5 
Client's Consultants. When requested by Architect, or required 
by authorities having jurisdiction over the Project, Client shall furnish 
the services of geotechnical, civil, and environmental engineers and 
any other services required by the scope of the Project. 
3.6 
Tests. Client shall furnish structural, mechanical, chemical, air, 
and water pollution and hazardous materials tests, and other 
laboratory and environmental tests, inspections, and reports required 
by law or by authorities having jurisdiction over the Project, or 
reasonably requested by Architect 
3.7 
Legal, Accounting, and Insurance Services. Client shall furnish 
all legal, accounting, and insurance counseling services as may be 
necessary for the Project. 
3.8 
Client's Services and Information. Architect shall be entitled to 
rely upon the accuracy and completeness of the services, information, 
surveys, and reports provided by Client, Contractor, or any of their 
subcontractors or consultants. 
Article 4 - Construction Cost 
4.1 
Construction Cost The Construction Cost shall be the total cost 
or estimated cost to Client of all Project elements designed or specified 
by Architect. 
4.2 
Estimates. Architect cannot and does not warrant or represent 
that bids or negotiated prices will not vary from Client's Project Budget 
or from any cost estimate or evaluation prepared or reviewed by 
Architect. 
4.3 
Fixed Limit. No fixed limit of Construction Cost shall be 
established as a condition of this Agreement by the furnishing, 
proposal, or establishment of a Project Budget 
Article 5 - Use of Architect's Documents and Data 
5.1 
The Drawings, Specifications, and other documents (collectively 
"Documents') and any computer tapes, disks, electronic data, or CAD 
files (collectively "Data") prepared by Architect are instruments of 
service and shall remain Architect's property, until such time as Client 
has paid all amounts to which Architect is entitled under this 
Agreement, after which condition precedent, all right, title and 
ownership interest in the Documents and Date shall transfer and 
accrue to Client, including all copyrights and other proprietary rights 
and interest, with the exception of standard constructions details or 
specifications included as part of the Documents or Data, the 
origination of which preexisted this Agreement ("Preexisting 
Intellectual Property". 
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything 
express or implied to the contrary, Architect shall hold and remain the 
owner of all rights, title and interest in Preexisting Intellectual 
Property. 
5.2 
Upon completion of Architect's services and payment of all 
amounts due Architect, Client may retain copies or reproducibles of 
the Documents and/or Data for information and reference in 
connection with Client's use and occupancy of the completed Project. 
5.3 
Client agrees to indemnify and hold Architect harmless from 
and against any and all claims, liabilities, suits, demands, losses, 
damages, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees 
and costs of defense), together with interest thereon, accruing or 
resulting to any persons, firms, or other legal entities, on account of 
any damages or losses to property or persons, including death or 
economic loss, arising out of the unauthorized use, reuse, transfer or 
modification of the Documents and/or Data. 
Article 6 - Claims and Disputes 
6.1 
Mediation. 
Claims, disputes, or other matters in question 
between the parties shall be subject to mediation under the auspices of 
a recognized professional mediation service prior to undertaking any 
legal action. The cost of the mediation service shall be borne equally 
by the parties. 
6.2 
Attorneys Fees. In any proceeding following unsuccessful 
mediation, the prevailing party shall be entitled, in addition to such 
other relief as may be granted. to a reasonable sum for attorneys' fees 
and costs of defense. 
6.3 
Mutual Indemnification. Architect agrees to indemnify and hold 
Client harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, suits, 
demands, losses, damages, costs, and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys' fees and costs of defense), together with interest thereon, to 
I Gensler STC 080220 
Page 1 of 2 
EFTA00727157
--- PAGE 14 ---
the extent caused by the negligent acts, errors, or omissions of 
Architect, its consultants, or anyone for whose acts either of them may 
be legally liable. 
Client agrees to indemnify and hold Architect 
harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, suits, demands, 
losses, damages, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' 
fees and costs of defense), together with interest thereon, to the 
extent caused by the negligent acts, errors, or omissions of Client, its 
contractors or consultants, or anyone for whose ads any of them may 
be legally liable. 
Article 7. Termination 
7.1 
Termination by Either Party. This Agreement may be terminated 
by either party, with or without cause, upon not less than seven (7) 
days written notice should the other party fail substantially to perform 
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
7.2 
Failure to Make Payments. Client's failure to make payments to 
Architect in accordance with this Agreement shall constitute 
substantial nonperformance and cause for termination or suspension. 
7.3 
Compensation Upon Termination. In the event of termination, 
Architect shall be compensated for services performed prior to 
termination, together with Reimbursable Expenses then due, and 
direetly-ettributekole-teterminatiort 
Article 8 • Payments to Architect 
8.1 
Hourly Rates. Where services are to be compensated on an 
hourly basis, compensation shall be based on the flat hourly rates set 
forth in Architect's and Architect's consultants' standard rate 
schedules, which are subject to periodic adjustment 
8.2 
Reimbursable Expenses. Reimbursable Expenses are in addition 
to compensation for Basic and Additional Services and include 
expenses incurred by Architect and Architect's consultants in the 
interest of the Project, including, but not limited to the following: 
(a) Data 
communications, 
telecommunications, 
reproduction, 
shipping, handling, and delivery. 
(b) Mileage, tolls, cab fares, and parking. 
(c) Renderings, 
models, 
computer 
modeling, mockups, 
and 
photography. 
(d) Sales taxes and other transactional taxes, and fees paid for 
securing approval of authorities having jurisdiction over the Project. 
(e) Authorized out-of-town travel (business class unless upgrade is 
preapproved by Client), including travel time, out-of-town living 
expenses (business class hotel unless upgrade is preapproved by 
Client), and long-distance communications. 
(f) Additional insurance coverage or limits requested by Client in 
excess of that normally provided by Architect and Architect's 
consultants. 
8.3 
Progress Payments. Progress payments for Basic and Additional 
Services and Reimbursable Expenses shall be due and payable upon 
receipt of Architect's invoices. Disputes or questions regarding an 
invoice or a portion of an invoice shall not be cause for withholding 
payment for the remaining portions due. Amounts unpaid thirty (30) 
days after the issue date of Architect's invoice shall be assessed a 
service charge of one and one-half percent (1-1/2%) per month. 
8.4 
Time Extensions. This Agreement anticipates that Architect's 
services will proceed continuously in accordance with the Project 
schedule. If, and to the extent that, time limits set forth in the original 
schedule are extended more than one•hundred and eighty (180) days 
beyond the dates outlined in the Project Schedule in the agreement, 
Architect's compensation shall be equitably adjusted. 
8.5 
Change In Project Scope. If portions of the Project are deleted 
or otherwise not constructed, compensation for those portions of the 
Project shall be payable to the extent services are performed on those 
portions. 
Ankle 9- Miscellaneous Provisions 
9.1 
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the law of 
the location of Architect's office identified in the Letter of Agreement 
9.2 
Property Insurance Waivers. Client shall cause Architect and 
Architect's consultants to be named as Additional Insureds on 
Contractor's General Liability Policy and any property insurance 
purchased for the period of construction of the Project. Such insurance 
shall be endorsed to provide a waiver of the insurers' rights of 
subrogation against Architect and Architect's consultants. 
9.3 
Mutual Waiver of Consequential Damages. The parties hereby 
waive, as against each other, any claims for incidental, special, 
exemplary or consequential damages. 
9.4 
Successors and Assigns. 
Neither party shall assign this 
Agreement or any right or cause of action arising out of this 
Agreement or the performance of obligations hereunder without the 
written consent of the other. 
9.5 
Entire Agreement This Agreement represents the entire and 
integrated agreement between Client and Architect and supersedes all 
prior negotiations, representations, or agreements. 
9.6 
Third Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall create 
a contractual relationship with, or a cause of action in favor of, any 
third party. 
9.7 
Professional Credits. Architect shall have the right to request to 
include representations of the design of the Project, including, upon 
Client's approval, not to be unreasonably withheld, photographs of the 
exterior and interior, among Architect's professional materials, 
including, but not limited to, promotional materials, professional 
publications, and competition submissions. 
9.8 
Latent Conditions. In the event that the Project includes any 
remodeling, alteration, or rehabilitation work, Client acknowledges 
that certain design and technical decisions shall be made on 
assumptions based on available documents and visual observations of 
existing conditions. 
9.9 
Areas and Measurements. Areas and measurements provided by 
Architect are derived from drawing dimensions or field measurements 
and are not intended to be used as the basis for calculating rent or for 
other similar purposes. 
9.10 Hazardous Materials. Client acknowledges that Architect has no 
expertise in, and is not being retained for the purposes of, 
investigating, detecting, abating, replacing, remediating, or removing 
any items, products, or materials containing hazardous substances. 
9.11 Design/Build by Contractor. Architect and its consultants shall 
have no responsibility for the design, technical adequacy or accuracy, 
installation, or performance of any Design/Build portions of the 
Project 
9.12 Separate Consultants. Architect's coordination of its services 
with Client's and Contractor's subcontractors or consultants shall be 
limited to that necessary for consistency of Architect's documents with 
those of such subcontractors or consultants. 
Gensler STC 080220 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA00727158

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727159.pdf
----------------------------------------
September 14, 2009 
To Remit By Check: 
To Remit By Electronic Fund Trenefen 
Project No: 
05.7112.002 
Invoice No: 
228760 
Gensler Invoice 
Gelder Los Angeles 
File 57109 
Los Angeles, California 90074.7109 
Tel 310.449.5600 
Fax 310.449.5850 
ACCOUNT NAME: 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
BANK INFORMATION: 
ACM ROUTING I: 
FEDERAL WIRE AU*: 
M. Arthur Gensler, Jr. S Associates. Inc. 
Bank Of America, 345 Montgomery Street 
San Francisco, CA 94204 
121000358 
0260.0959.3 
Mr. Gary Kerney 
Epstein Interests 
6100 Red Hook Quarters 
Suite 6.3 
St. Thomas 00802 
Virgin Islands, U.S. 
Little St lames Screening Room - DD 
Professional Services through September 26, 2009 
FEE 
Consultant - Retainer 
51,000.00 
100.00 
51,000.00 
51,000.00 
Total Fee 
51,000.00 
Total This Invoice 
$51,000.00 
ok. 
asscs 
EFTA00727159

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727160.pdf
----------------------------------------
Work Authorization Number 002 
Gensler 
Data 
Little St. James Pool Area and Screening Room 
8/18/10 
►reject Legation 
Protect Nut 
Little St. James Island, USVI 
05.7112.000 
Client 
File 
MS la pogo 
Epstein Interests 
IWA 
Services to be performed Pert 
OR OS Wald ar Ilrfer At•ertwat 
NM. ROW 
I of 4 
Agreement for Architectural Services. Little. St. James Pool Arca and Screeing Room. dated 
10/6/2009. 
If there is no Original or Master Releement referenced above. the attached Work Authorization Terms and Conditions shall apply. 
Other Reference• 
See below. 
Services not included (this Mat la get exhaustive) 
Fee and BasIs 
Date Services to Begin 
Services limited to Architectural Services described below. Does not include any Consulants 
Design Services 
K Lump Sum of S 
Ell Plus Reimbursable Expenses (12% mark-up) 
K Hourly 
K Plus Consultants which are not listed as included in fee 
• 
Hourly, not to exceed S25.000 without prior 
(15% mark-up) 
authorization 
K Other: 
▪ 
6'28/10 (specify date) 
K Immediately alter Work Authorization approval 
Services projected to be 
TBD (specify date) 
completed no later than the 
K  
following. If indicated 
Working days oiler Work Authorization appros al 
Services requested by 
Jeffrey Epstein, Gary Kcmcy 
Genstar Authethatles by 
Tu 
Warwick Wicksman, Principal 
on behalf of Andew P. Cohen 
Executive Director - Santa Monica Office 
California Re • istation Number C 12855 
elution ha:
 for Gensler 
'form the following sew 
Arch itcctu 
sign Services: 
Date of Request 
Date Signed 
8/18/10 
Scope: 
Work with Client and Client's team, to establish new conceptual plan and 3D massing diagram for 
Screening Room and Living Room, based on Client's new design direction. (Once conceptual diagrams 
arc approved, Gensler will provide separate proposal to create new Permit/Construction Documents, 
include required Consultants.) 
Description: 
Screening Room: Convert Existing Living Room into "Residential-Style" Screening Room. 
• 
No separate projection booth. 
• 
Fixed Screen. 
• 
Limited step seating if any. 
2500 Broadway 
405.7112.000\documentation11 _general \ lwa wa 002 100818 wal 100708 redesign services.docx Suitt 300 
Sow Menace 
California 90404 
310.449.5600 
WA0211I0 
FAX: 310.449.5850 
EFTA00727160

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727161.pdf
----------------------------------------
SEC Presentation #3 
(1/9/07) 
Barry Goldsmith 
Anthony Mahaj an 
Jim Walden 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
• GIBSON. DLINN'Sz,CRUTO.-11 ri LIP 
and 
ab 
w& 
s. 
EFTA00727161
--- PAGE 2 ---
DBZ 0008548 
Airplane Purchase 
Barry Goldsmith 
O 
'40 
-0 
O 0 
C 
• o 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
c 
--/
..S-111EZ13 
•el :AA 
C 
C 
O >, 
V 
C2 
EFTA00727162
--- PAGE 3 ---
900ZmllIJOJUOlI加9』牙v 向【偉pupg【xo3m 鞫a畔s 
. 
oAi i9dooo 人II屯S勘＼人Ut(11110D ● 
no!）眼岩DsaAuI 
Juapucdapu! ui pnpuoj O) Sn PaJIH 
)s3Ja)uI 
q)IA生Spit珥pⅣdai'A生jIAaJ 4Iq阜u。pas眼玨翻 
At 扒u uii粵.iad o辜 2 壯SPa'!H . 
900Z 釦J,tj UtpaJaA。jsIp AUIcIIU03 M 
3nssIJ0 S!SaUaD 
c
O
f
i
暑
凱
t
i
山
T
r
e
a
竹
皋
＝
"
R
e
e
e
s
t
盅
思
m
r
i
e
F
I
a
甫
a
r
r
i
s
b
r
i
V
e
r
m
J
a
呂
伍
O
I
日
怕
白
曲
蜘
B
s
曲
EFTA00727163
--- PAGE 4 ---
O 
I. Executive summary 
• Date: Summer and Fall 2005 
• Summary: $3.77 Million from LP and Hcma 
temporarily used to fund purchase 
• Purpose: Pay certain acquisition costs and down 
payment for letter of credit 
• Confirmed: SRZ conclusions 
• 
Gruss knew about and approved use of LP and HCM/Z 
money 
• Mixed evidence on Kahn's knowledge 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
GIBSON, DUNN SiCRCTCHER-LLP 
EFTA00727164
--- PAGE 5 ---
II. Detailed chronology 
A. Pre-closing events 
• 
Spring 2005: Dan Zwirn's travel became 
increasingly frequent and global 
• 
Zwirn began considering purchase of private 
plane. See Tab 1-2 
• 
8/5/05 — 9/14/05: O'Hara paid pre-closing costs 
from management company account, subject to 
reimbursement by Dan Zwirn. See Tab 3-8 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
GIBSON. DUNN & CRUTC FR_Ltr 
EFTA00727165
--- PAGE 6 ---
Pre-closing events 
Payments from Management Company 
Date 
Transfer Source 
Transferee 
Amount 
8/5/05 
D.S. Zwirn & Co. 
Jackson, Wade & Blanck, LLC 
$10,000 
8/12/05 
D.B. Zwirn & Co. 
Jackson, Wade & Blanck, LLC 
$315 
8/22/05 
D.B. Zwirn & Co. 
PrivatAir, Inc. 
$25,000 
9/1/05 
D.B. Zwirn & Co. 
Insured Aircraft Title Service, Inc. 
$250,000 
9/14/05 
D.B. Zwirn & Co. 
MLBFS Equipment Finance 
$35,000 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
D4 O 
EFTA00727166
--- PAGE 7 ---
B. Financing 
■ Airplane Cost -- $17.95 million 
■ Kahn/Gruss discussed possible need for revolver in 
the management company for regular expenses 
and airplane. See Tab 9 
■ Merrill Lynch financed 90% of transaction but 
required $1.9mm letter of credit 
• Citibank agreed to provide it as part of 
management company revolver 
• Later decoupled from Citi revolver 
■ Closing targeted no later than 9/30 for tax reasons 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
"qtalgagnEl 
EFTA00727167
--- PAGE 8 ---
C. Closing 
■ 9/26/05: Kahn advised Zwirn - "LC in 
place . . . now just waiting for the Merrill 
docs which we should get tonight." Tab 10 
■ Gruss and Kahn expected the Citi 
revolver, including letter of credit for 
plane, to be in place by Friday, 9/30/05. 
See Tabs 11-13 
Subject to Confidentiality Agre.ement of 11/14/2006 
GlBSON.DUNN &CRUTCHE 
Nu 
FY 
wd 
EFTA00727168
--- PAGE 9 ---
Closing (cont.) 
• 
Up until this point, all payments advanced 
by the management company 
• 
However, on September 27, 2005, Kahn 
emailed Li Anne Law: 
• 
"LL -- can you pls arrange to have the $1.9MM 
wired to Citi asap for the issuance of the LC. 
This will only be a short-term deposit in that once 
the Citi revolver is in place (should be w/in a 
week) we will credit the amount against the line." 
Tab 14-15 
Subject to Cor4dentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
GIBSON, DUN N SLCIRUfC 
EFTA00727169
--- PAGE 10 ---
O 
Closing (cont.) 
■ 9/27/05: Kahn emailed Law to wire an 
$80,250 facility fee to Merrill. See Tab 16 
■ 9/28/05: Both payments made from 
HCM/Z. See Tab 30 
Subject to ConfidentiaEty Agreement of 11/14/2006 
Sitigi2M=1.12E2MEMOEMSZ 23=g-gatz.
--1.0 
EFTA00727170
--- PAGE 11 ---
Closing (cont.) 
• 
9/29/05: Kahn emailed Law to wire $1,681,350 
for plane expenses: 
• 
"we are trying to do the close late-morning/mid-
day." Tab 17 
• 
Kahn stated that this was "full remaining 
payment by n Holdings, LLC relating to the 
purchase." Tab 18 
• 
9/30/05: Kahn emailed Law and O'Hara to wire 
$112,575 in broker fees to Privatair. See Tab 19 
Subject to Confide,:tiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
EFTA00727171
--- PAGE 12 ---
Closing (cont.) 
■ Both payments made from LP account. 
See Tab 20-21 
■ All payments from LP or HCM/Z 
approved by Gruss. See Tabs 20-21 & 30 
Subject to Coadeatiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
EFTA00727172
--- PAGE 13 ---
Transfers Using Fund/Managed Account 
Money 
9/28/05 
HCM/Z Special Opportunity LLC 
(Acct # 102-27052-USD-2) 
MLBFS Equipment Finance 
$80,250 
9/28/05 
HCM/Z Special Opportunity LLC 
(Acct # 102-27052-USD-2) 
Citibank, N.A. 
$1,900,000 
9/29/05 
Highbridge Zwirn LP 
(Acct # 721599) 
Insured Aircraft Title Service, 
Inc. 
$1,681,350 
9/30/05 
Highbridge Zwirn LP 
(Acct # 721599) 
PrivatAir, Inc. 
$112,575 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
DBZ 0008559 
EFTA00727173
--- PAGE 14 ---
Closing (cont.) 
■ O'Hara prepared expense spreadsheet for Kahn, 
which he reviewed. 
Spreadsheet 
■ 
In response to the spreadsheet, Kahn wrote, 
— "But you didn't format for letter printing... 
:). Very good..." Tab 22 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of I I/ 14/2006 
reggetwar
r...t.mamm,yfeerat— 
, 7",14'1Wer 
.101230.011
EFTA00727174
--- PAGE 15 ---
Remaining Payments 
■ 10/25/05: O'Hara emailed Gruss 
• 
"Please approve - $163,267.50 for DZ airplane 
expense. Fyi, I am now out completely of cash. 
... I have about 2MM of invoices holding on my 
desk waiting to be paid." Tab 23 
■ Gruss reply: 
• 
"okpag. Pls move $ from Ltd" Id. 
■ However, no subsequent transfer from LTD to 
management company; management company 
money used instead 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
BSON. DUNN &CRU TCHE R. LL
NY 
EFTA00727175
--- PAGE 16 ---
W. Reimbursement for Closing 
Costs 
• 
11/1/05: Month after close, revolver still not in place 
• 
Gruss email to Citigroup: 
• 
"What's the status? This is beyond ridiculous." Tab 
II 11/4/05: $8.1 million of Citibank revolver credited to 
Management Company account. See Tab 25 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006
ws "1" 
Gb 
W 
Y1 
1'4 
EFTA00727176
--- PAGE 17 ---
Reimbursement for Closing Costs (cont.) 
11/9/05: Law email to Gruss 
• 
"Repay LP fund for airplane wires (3.8)." Tab 
• 
Law was not being precise — money actually 
owed to LP and Highbridge 
■ Law intended to repay the money borrowed 
despite the fact that she felt "our cash needs thru 
dec are look pretty tight." Id. 
k"A 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
111111•1111111MNINIMMIOMIIME 
61BSON, DUNN &CRUTCH ERLLP 
5,2 
Wit
EFTA00727177
--- PAGE 18 ---
Reimbursement for Closing Costs (cont.) 
■ 11/10/05: Law email to Gruss 
• 
"we need to send $3.77mm from the new 
account where we recvd the 8.1mm loan back to 
the LP fund for reimbursement of the airplane 
wires." Tab 27 
IN 
11/10/05: LP was reimbursed. See Tab 28 
■ 11/23/05: HCM/Z reimbursed. See Tab 29 
DBZ 0000564 
va 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
E, 
GIBSON, DUNK&CRUTCHEA_ 
t 
• 
ga, 
EFTA00727178
--- PAGE 19 ---
Reimbursement for Closing Costs (cont.) 
• 5/06: Issue uncovered by new controller 
• 
Company engaged SRZ to conduct investigation 
• 
Based on SRZ review, company compensated 
• 6/12/06: DBZ paid compensation for lost interest 
• $29,624.07 to LP. See Tab 30 
• $97,395.32 to HCM/Z. See id. 
— HCM/Z paid through year end despite repayment in 
November 
1.1 
41'
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
;e, 
UN N & CRUI 
EFTA00727179
--- PAGE 20 ---
III. Witness Perspectives 
• 
Law: 
• 
Because she primarily dealt with transfers from 
funds and HCM/Z, she believed Kahn was 
directly asking for payment from those sources 
• 
No recollection of any discussions about the 
transfers from LP or HCM/Z for plane-related 
expenses 
• 
But any transfer of fund and managed account 
money required Gruss' approval, which she 
received 
Spbject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
• 
GIBSONcDUNN &4CRUICRI::RILP • 
• 
EFTA00727180
--- PAGE 21 ---
Witness Perspectives (cont.) 
■ O'Hara:
• 
Kahn directed all transfers for plane-related expenses 
• 
Tasked with keeping track of plane-related expenses 
for later reimbursement by Dan Zwirn 
• 
Does not recall discussing with Kahn, Gruss or Law 
the use of fund money for plane expense payments 
prior to the transfers 
• 
Generally responsible for accounts payable for 
management company; Law responsible for fund side 
• 
After transactions, knew fund money used for 
payments 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
EFTA00727181
--- PAGE 22 ---
Witness Perspectives (cont.)
■ Gruss: 
• 
Was against plane purchase because of liquidity problems 
• 
Shared his concerns with Kahn and others, but not Zwirn 
• 
Kahn was largely responsible for the transactions 
• 
Intense pressure to close because of tax reasons 
• 
Gruss said he "likely" knew plane expenses were paid 
with fund money 
• 
Believes, but does not know as a fact, that Kahn knew 
• 
Did not discuss source of payments with Zwirn 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
EFTA00727182
--- PAGE 23 ---
Witness Perspectives (cont.) 
• 
Zwirn: 
• 
Did not know fund/managed account was used for plane 
expenses 
• 
Was never informed of any actual details of transaction, 
other than high-level updates on progress and generally 
how transaction was to be financed 
• 
Knew about Citibank revolver but did not know of 
management company liquidity problems 
o . 
G1 d 
as 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
":4 
EFTA00727183
--- PAGE 24 ---
Witness Perspectives (cont.) 
• Kahn: 
• Said he did not know plane expenses were paid 
with fund money 
• Did not discuss source of four managed 
account/fund payments with Gruss, Law, 
O'Hara, or Zwirn 
• Discussed management company liquidity 
problems and need for revolver with Zwim 
Subject to Confidentiality; Agreement of 11/14/2006 1 
*.G.1:B.-.$O1'.°;,1; DUB` N &..CRUICFEEP: 
EFTA00727184
--- PAGE 25 ---
Postscript on Kahn 
■ That He Knew 
• 
Knew management company liquidity was low 
and borrowing maybe required to complete 
purchase 
• 
First documented contact with Law was just prior 
to closing when $$ wired from HCM/Z and LP --
all other dealings with O'Hara 
• 
On 10/25/05, he reviewed O'Hara's spreadsheet, 
including references to "FUND" as a source for 
payments 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
aWFilr'+`..7.=520.9.04Mgr' 
EFTA00727185
--- PAGE 26 ---
900Z/4 
JO matandy Aniegu pgtiononDaItins 
(pal-Eddins sIsugdma) 6j qEl ,,... amp 
ol alum saauvapv d磷戶/unman 
atp ＝
maul aip 01377 
‘sffuipioll- rz tgno／
dvdai 
mat a　‘縱（?jj!wow awoau! aaf *numb ixau 
gartPdal 
:(CO/OE/6) A＼町01. jpIlla • 
gams jo posiApe ATIROUTOOdS 
SEM 
8trimacis sumo ou `ssaig oNITun • 
Posn $ Z/INDH 2S' cfl MOIDI lou pip Qil SUMl.UMW • 
。
h
f
i
d
e
=
g
山
T
H
e
a
t
同
＆
廿
t
R
e
.
=
e
s
t
盅
邏
羿
＆
M
“
山
＝
一
H
a
r
r
i
s
s
h
r
i
v
e
r
一
J
a
呂
．
g
g
.
AtouN JON plia all ）眼 u 
EN 
tuteI uo plmosisod 
。
出
蚪
。
。
。
曲
m
嘞
忡
EFTA00727186
--- PAGE 27 ---
O 
O 
O 
V. Conclusions 
• 
LP and HCM/Z used to fund portion of plane transaction 
• 
Gruss knew of and approved use of money from those 
sources 
• 
Mixed evidence on Kahn 
• 
Law effectuated transfers based on emails from Kahn 
• 
O'Hara knew after-the-fact 
• 
No evidence Zwirn knew that LP or HCM/Z were sources 
for payments 
• 
LP and HCM/Z repaid with interest 
Subject to Confidentiality Agreement of 11/14/2006 
EFTA00727187

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727188.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 14, 2010 
Special Agent in Charge 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Miami Field Division 
16320 NW 2nd Avenue 
North Miami Beach, FL 33169 
RE: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Mr. Gillies: 
Pursuant to 28 C.F.R. 16.21 et seq, enclosed are two subpoenas duces tecum to the 
Custodian of Records, Miami Field Division, Federal Bureau of Investigation, for documents 
relevant to civil suits filed in both State and Federal Courts against my client, Jeffrey 
Epstein. I have also enclosed a copy of the Federal Court Order Consolidating Cases for 
Discovery Purposes. 
These lawsuits are occurring in the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of Florida and in the Circuit Court for the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, in and for Palm 
Beach County, Florida. The United States is not a party to these ongoing proceedings. ' 
We request that you forward this request to the United States Attorney for the Southern 
District of Florida pursuant to 28 C.F.R. § 16.22(b). 
Enclosed is a summary of the 
information sought and its relevance to the current proceedings. See 28 C.F.R. § 16.22(d) 
The subpoenas compel the production of records of interviews (Form FD-302 or 
other) and/or any audio tape recordings of interviews of plaintiffs and material witnesses. 
These interviews were conducted during a criminal investigation of Mr. Epstein that was 
resolved through a non-prosecution agreement. The subpoenas also compel production of 
any records of correspondence between the FBI and the plaintiffs and/or material witnesses 
USAO has filed pleadings as a de facto amicus on several discovery matters. Neither the plaintiffs nor 
the defendants in any of the cases seek monetary or injunctive relief from the Government. The 
Government does not seek any affirmative relief in these cases. 
EFTA00727188
--- PAGE 2 ---
January 14, 2010 
Page 2 
relating to Mr. Epstein. For the reasons stated below, we submit that you should not object 
to the disclosure of these documents. See 28 C.F.R. § 62.24(b)(1). We further submit that 
the requested disclosure is appropriate under the factors specified in 28 C.F.R. § 16.26(a) 
and that none of the factors specified in 28 C.F.R. § 16.26(b) exist. 
Summary of the information Sought and its Relevance to the Current Proceedings 
In or about February 2005, the Palm beach Police Department initiated an 
investigation into allegations that Mr. Epstein was having inappropriate sexual interaction 
with underage females. During that investigation, each of the plaintiffs was interviewed 
under oath by the Palm Beach Police Department, as were other females who allegedly had 
similar interaction with Mr. Epstein. A Grand Jury was convened and the Palm Beach 
County State Attorney's Office filed charges against Mr. Epstein for one count of Felony 
Solicitation of Prostitution and one count of Procuring a Person Under the Age of 18 for 
Prostitution. While those charges were pending, the FBI and the United States Attorney for 
the Southern District of Florida started and investigation into whether Mr. Epstein had 
violated ant federal laws under Chapters 109A and 110 of Title 18, United States Code. As 
it pertained to these plaintiffs, the federal investigation encompassed the same conduct as 
the Palm Beach Police Department Investigation. He entered into a non-prosecution 
agreement with the United States Attorney's Office. As part of that agreement, Mr. Epstein 
was precluded from asserting certain defenses if persons designated by the United States 
as victims brought civil suits against him solely under 18 U.S.C. §2255. 
Several "identified victims" filed civil complaints against Mr. Epstein for monetary 
damages. None of these plaintiffs limited their claims to § 2255. The complaints alleged 
factual conduct that was investigated by the Palm Beach Police and the FBI. Discovery is 
ongoing. As part of the discovery process, plaintiffs have been deposed. During these 
depositions, each of the plaintiffs deposed to date testified that she was interviewed by the 
FBI during its criminal investigation of Mr. Epstein, and that the substance of the interview 
related to the plaintiffs alleged sexual interactions with Mr. Epstein. 2
The requested materials are relevant to the current proceedings because they may 
show that the plaintiffs made statements to the FBI that are inconsistent with statement 
made under oath at other times, and/or are inconsistent with statements made prior to 
meeting with the FBI. There has been evidence produced in the civil cases that the 
plaintiffs changed their views on or about Mr. Epstein after they spoke to the FBI. All of 
these situations are relevant to the plaintiffs'/witnesses' credibility; there are no other 
independent witnesses with direct evidence of the plaintiffs' allegations, so the plaintiffs 
credibility is a crucial issue in these cases. In addition, the statements are believed to 
contain information that could lead to identifying other potential witnesses in the civil cases. 
Copies of the relevant pages of the deposition transcript(s) are attached. 
EFTA00727189
--- PAGE 3 ---
January 14, 2010 
Page 3 
The Request Should be Approved 
The Department of Justice's stated policy is that it will not stand in the way of the 
normal civil discovery process unless there is a compelling law enforcement or security 
reason: 
"The [C.F.R) regulations neither create new privileges nor supersede discovery 
obligations that exist under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. They merely serve as a 
procedural vehicle to allow the Department the opportunity to protect information from 
unwarranted and unconsidered disclosure." United States Attorney's Manual §1-6.400 
(citation omitted). 
Where, as here, no such compelling factor exists, the requested 
disclosure should be approved: 
"As a general policy, the Department [of Justice] favors cooperation in state 
and federal cases in which the testimony of one of its employees is sought or 
in which information obtained by the Department is sought. Authorization in 
one form or another is usually granted if it is appropriate under the rules of 
procedure governing the case or matter in which the demand arose, and if it 
is appropriate under relevant substantive law concerning privilege. A denial 
is not usually approved [by the Deputy Attorney General] unless one of the 
factors set forth in 28 C.F.R. §16.26(b) is present. These factors include 
such things as that the disclosure will cause a violation of a statute or 
regulation or the revelation of a confidential source, classified information, 
trade secrets, the existence of a criminal investigation, or investigative 
techniques." 
United States Attorney's Manual, §1-6.240(citations omitted). 
The requested disclosures are appropriate under the rules of procedure governing 
the cases or matters in which the demand arises. 28 C.F.R. §16.26(a)(1). Statements or 
summaries of statements made by the plaintiffs and witnesses and/or inducements given to 
the plaintiffs or witnesses would be discoverable under both the Florida Rules of Civil 
Procedure and the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure because they are relevant to an issue 
in dispute and are reasonably likely to lead to discoverable evidence. See Fed. R. Civ. P. 
26; Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.280. Had these statements been made to any third party other than the 
FBI, they would be discoverable in this litigation from that third party. 
The requested disclosures are appropriate under the relevant substantive law 
concerning privilege. See 28 C.F.R. §16.26(a)(2). We are not aware of any privilege that 
attaches to a witness' statement during an FBI interview. No privilege was asserted by the 
plaintiffs during their depositions. 
The requested disclosures are not barred by statute, such as 26 U.S.C. §6103 or 
Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure 6(e). See 28 C.F.R. §16.26(b)(1). To our knowledge, 
the requested disclosures would not violate a specific regulation, reveal classified 
information, reveal a confidential source or informant, nor reveal trade secrets. See 28 
EFTA00727190
--- PAGE 4 ---
January 14, 2010 
Page 4 
C.F.R. §16.26(b)(2)-(4), (6). The existence of the federal investigation of Mr. Epstein is 
widely known, as is the fact that the investigation overlapped with the matters alleged in the 
civil complaints. Under the Florida Sunshine Law, all of the Palm Beach Police Department 
investigative records are open to the public. Thus, even if the requested documents are 
"investigatory records complied for law enforcement purposes," their disclosure would not 
interfere with enforcement proceedings or disclose investigative techniques and 
procedures, the effectiveness of which would thereby be impaired. 
See 28 C.F.R. 
§16.26(b)(5). 
In addition to being authorized by the applicable rules of procedure and not being 
barred by any privilege, the disclosure of the requested information is necessary to the fair 
administration of justice. As discussed above, the requested information is highly relevant 
to a crucial issue in the civil cases. Mr. Epstein should not be deprived of this relevant 
evidence merely because it was collected by the FBI. 
Further, it is the plaintiffs, not Mr. Epstein, who made the requested materials 
relevant. Under the non-prosecution agreement with the United States Attorney's Office, 
Mr. Epstein was precluded from contesting liability of persons designated by the United 
States as victims brought suit solely under 18 U.S.C. §2255. None of these plaintiffs limited 
their claims to §2255. As such, Mr. Epstein is free to assert all defenses in these cases. 
Moreover, he is permitted to challenge the credibility of the plaintiffs by, among other thing, 
impeaching them with prior inconsistent statements to the FBI and/or statements that 
changed after they spoke to the FBI and witness statements which contradict a plaintiffs 
testimony. It would be unjust to deny him access to this relevant and probative evidence, 
and would be inconsistent with the search for the truth, whatever that may be. 
I look forward to your response to this request. Please contact me at (561) 842-
2820 if you have any questions. 
Cordially yours, 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
cc: 
United States Attorne 
AUS 
EFTA00727191
--- PAGE 5 ---
January 14, 2010 
Page 5 
EFTA00727192

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727193.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727193.pdf
----------------------------------------
Global Options Group 
GLOI 
NASDAQ 
15.5 million Shares 
Buy 51% 
7,905,000 between $2.25 
$17,786,250 
Payout from liquidations 
Witt completed 7.19.10 
$9,000,000 cash 
$1,000,000 escrow 
Up to $12,000,000 earn out 7.19.11 
$22,000,000 
Safir Rosetti completed 5.3.10 
$3,000,000 cash 
$500,000 escrow 
Note $1,750,000 
Earn out $2,000,000 5.3.11 
Total $7,250,000 
FISU completed 7.21.10 
$7,500,000 cash 
$800,000 escrow 7.21.11 
Total $8,300,000 
Keep Bode asset 
Bode 
See attached material 
$4.5-5.0 mil in free cash 2010 
$5.4-6.0 mil in free cash 2011 
Total cash for distribution 
Escrows, notes and earn outs 
CONFIDENTIAL 
New total $20,000,000 net after debt repayment, employment agreements, and 
professional fee agreements 
Total to be distributed July 2011 
$1.29 a share 
Distributable cash 2.28.11 from Bode $3,500,000 
New basis of our holdings =73.5 cents 
Value of Bode at $5,400,000 free cash x 6=$32,400,000 or $2.09 per share 
EFTA00727193
--- PAGE 2 ---
Total 
51% 
Per Share 
8/10/2010 
2/28/2011 
Distribute 
Buy 51% 
2010 Bode CF 
(17,786,250) 
(2.25) 
3,500,000 
1,785,000 
0.23 
7/31/2011 
Distribute 
Asset Sale 
Proceeds 
Value of Bode 
20,000,000 
10,200,000 
1.29 
7/31/2011 
32,400,000 
16,524,000 
2.09 
IRR 
64.9% 
64.9% 
EFTA00727194

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727195.pdf
----------------------------------------
Quail - Bernard Andersen 
https://mail.gongle.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal080702&view=pat... 
Gm 
b',•( 
*d: 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation©gmall.corn> 
Bernard Andersen 
message 
Lesley Groff <
> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com. 
Tue, Apr 20, 2010 at 12:43 PM 
Bernard Andersen will be available for a call tomorrow around 9:30, 10:00am our time. He said whatever is 
good for you. 
Bernard wanted you to know He leaves for Tel Aviv on thursday and will be there until the 29th. He can then 
be reached on his cell 
of 1 
4/20/10 5:23 PM 
EFTA00727195

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727196.pdf
----------------------------------------
Grnail - Epstein -Doe Its Cross-Notice of Taking Deposition D... 
Gm 
try(.OO`IC 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Epstein -Doe ll's Cross-Notice of Taking Deposition 
Duces Tecum - Leslie Wexner 
message 
Connie Zaguirre, CP, FRP 1INIMIl
k 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com, Darren Indyke < 
Enclosed please find Jane Doe ll's Cross Notice of Wexner's 
deposition. 
Tue, Apr 20, 2010 at 5:09 PM 
Connie Zaguirre, CP, FRP - Assistant for Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
303 Banyan Boulevard I Suite 400 I West Palm Beach I FL 33401 
Phone: (561) 842-2820 I Fax: (561) 253-0164 
www.bciclaw.com 
This e-mail contains legally privileged and confidential information intended only for the individual or entity 
named within the message. Should the intended recipient forward this message to another person or party, 
that action could constitute a waiver of the attorney/client privilege. If the reader of this message is not the 
intended recipient, or the agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that 
any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is prohibited. If this communications 
was received in error, please notify us by reply e-mail and delete the original message. 
CROSS.NOTICE.pdf 
52K 
I of 1 
4/20/10 5:32 PM 
EFTA00727196

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727197.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727197.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail - FW: Email to jermic saunders 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffa1080702&view=pt&... 
• 
dIl
Lei( 
k 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation©gmall.corn> 
FW: Email to jennie saunders 
message 
Jennie Saunders
Tue, Apr 20, 2010 at 12:34 PM 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
CORE: Jennie Saunders I Founder & Chairm 
Street New 
York NY 10022 I Main: 212 486 6600 I Mobile:
www.coreaccess.net 
Upcoming Cultural Spotlight 
Monday, March 15th - two fantastic art events! 
6:30pm: ART 21 conversation with artist Carrie Mae Weems & 
actor/comedian David Alan Grier 
Spaces are limited. Please call 212-486-6600 or 
reservations@coreaccess.net 
----Original Message----
From: Constance Clarkson [mailto 
Sent: Monday, March 01, 2010 5:46 PM 
To: Jennie Saunders 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Email to jennie saunders 
Good evening Jennie, attached for your review is the ACP and resale 
price 
lists used by the sales staff and the Summary of Current Fees. 
Have a good evening. 
Constance S. Clarkson 
Vice President of Administration 
DPS Sporting Club Development Company, LLC 
Hidden Lake Court 
Rose Hill 
Bluffton, South Carolina 29910 
(843) 247-0000 Office 
----Original Message 
From: 
[mailto: 
Sent: Monday. March 01, 2010 5:30 PM 
To: ( 
Gabriella Andrews; Constance 
I of 2 
4/20/10 5:23 PM 
EFTA00727197
--- PAGE 2 ---
Gmail FW: Email to jennie wonders 
https://mail.google.com/mailnui=2&ik=ffal0807028zview=pt8c... 
Clarkson 
Subject: Re: Email to jennie saunders 
Constance 
Pls also send schedule of fees 
Sent via BlackBeny by AT&T 
--Original Message 
From: 
Date: Mon, 1 Mar 2010 22:20:24 
To: 
Gabriella Andrews< 
Clarkson< 
Subject: Email to jennie saunders 
)< 
>. Constance 
Gabby 
Pls email jenny all links 
Caribbean comps affordable housing for the affluent ads and homes mini 
pitch 
book etc 
Constance 
Pls email jenny price list salespeople use acp and resales 
Thks 
Pap 
Sent via BlackBeny by AT&T 
attachments 
TCTrackingReport 030110 - Lot Avail.xls 
41K 
A.., 6 Summary Current Fees 122709.pdf 
16K 
of 2 
4/20/10 5:23 PM 
EFTA00727198

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727199.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail - RV: 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal080702&view=pt&... 
Gm it 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacatIon@gmall.com> 
AN.
message 
Jennie Saunders .c
.> 
Tue, Apr 20, 2010 at 4:11 PM 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
CORE: Jennie Saunders I Founder & Chairman  I 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I 
Main: 212 486 6600 I Mobile: 
www.coreaccess.net 
Upcoming Cultural Spotlight 
NAPA VALLEY VINTNERS WINE TASTING 
Tuesday, April 275, 6:30-8:30pm 
Please join us for a special complimentary wine tasting featuring top Napa Valley Vintners 
hosted by Garen Staglin from Staglin Family Vineyards 
Spaces are limited. For RSVP please call 212-486-6600 or reservations@coreaccess.net 
From: Dan O'Callaghan [mailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, April 20, 2010 4:07 PM 
To: Jennie Saunders 
Subject: RE: 
http://www.bakersbayclub.com/Residences/residence map/ 
Here is the link to the site map with availability. Mike will not publish pricing. All price discussions must 
take place in person or over phone. 
From: Jennie Saunders [mailto: 
of 2 
4/20/10 5:31 PM 
EFTA00727199
--- PAGE 2 ---
Gmail - FW: 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal080702&vicw=pat... 
Sent: Tuesday, April 20, 2010 12:32 PM 
To: Dan O'Callaghan 
Subject: 
Can u send me email of the map with the lots pricing etc .... 
CORE: Jennie Saunders I Founder & Chairman 166 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 
Main: 212 486 6600 I Mobile: 
www.coreaccess.net 
Upcoming Cultural Spotlight 
NAPA VALLEY VINTNERS WINE TASTING 
Tuesday, April 275, 6:30-8:30pm 
Please join us for a special complimentary wine tasting featuring top Napa Valley Vintners 
hosted by Garen Staglin from Staglin Family Vineyards 
Spaces are limited. For RSVP please call 212-486-6600 or reservations@coreaccess.net 
of 2 
4/20/10 5:31 PM 
EFTA00727200

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727201.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail - Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal080702&view=paz... 
Gm it 
by( 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacatIon©gmall.com> 
Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
messages 
Lesley Groff <la 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com. 
Fyi! 
----Original Message----
From: Charles L. Harper Jr. < 
To: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Tue Mar 30 12:05:59 2010 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Lesley. 
Sure. My cell number is :-
I have good reception where I'm located 
(Park City Utah. Mostly skiing, but today is a working day.) 
Anytime will be OK. 
Allbest, 
-Charles Harper 
On Mar 30, 2010, at 11:53 AM, Lesley Groff wrote: 
Tue, Mar 30, 2010 at 12:31 PM 
Hello Charles. Jeffrey Epstein would like to speak with you today. Could you please give me a good 
number where we can reach you today? 
Thank you, 
Lesley 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
Lesley Groff 
To: jeevacahon@gmail.com 
How would you like me to respond? 
----Original Message 
From: Pablos 
Fri, Apr 2, 2010 at 11:52 AM 
I of 12 
4/20/10 5:29 PM 
EFTA00727201
--- PAGE 2 ---
Quail - Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal080702&view=paz... 
To: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Fri Apr 02 11:44:18 2010 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
On Apr 2, 2010, at 7:18 AM, Lesley Groff wrote: 
> Hello Pablo. Jeffrey Epstein would like your phone number. Could you please provide? 
Sure, my number 
Call anytime. 
I'll be in New York April 14 & 15. Is Jeffrey in Florida? 
Thanks, Pablos. 
Lesley Groff <
> 
To: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
fYi 
----Original Message----
From: 
[mailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, April 06, 2010 12:38 PM 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re:Jeffrey Epstein 
Thats fine with me. I'll check with her and will get back to you. Thanks 
-----Original Message-----
From: Lesley Groff c
To: < 
Date: Tue, 6 Apr 2010 09:58:12 -0400 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hell. 
Hope you are well! Jeffrey would like me to schedule in 
you and 
Could you go to his house on Wed. (tomorrow ) at 9pm? 
Let me know! 
Lesley 
Tue, Apr 6, 2010 at 11:40 AM 
Lesley Groff 
To: jeevacahon@gmail.com, 
Mon, Apr 12, 2010 at 6:37 PM 
of 12 
4/20/10 5:29 PM 
EFTA00727202
--- PAGE 3 ---
Gmail - Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffa1080702&view=pt&... 
Fyi! 
----Original Message----
From: Claudia Leschuck < 
To: Lesley Groff 
CC: Claudia Leschuck <
> 
Sent: Mon Apr 12 18:15:34 2010 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hey Lesley .... 
> 
Nathan will be in NYC May 17th, 18th and 19th. It may be too early to tell but is Jeffrey available to get 
together? 
Best, 
Claudia 
----Original Message----
From: Lesley Groff fmailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, March 09, 2010 4:48 AM 
To: Claudia Leschuck 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Thx 
----Original Message 
From: Claudia Leschuck < 
To: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Mon Mar 08 18:45:15 2010 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
No plans for Florida 
----Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff (mailto: 
Sent: Monday, March 08, 2010 3:35 PM 
To: Claudia Leschuck 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
> 
That's ok. Totally understand!! So no plans for florida that you know of though?? 
----Original Message 
From: Claudia Leschuck < 
To: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Mon Mar 08 17:25:58 2010 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
> 
Lesley ... Nathan will be traveling in the US & British Virgin Islands ... at this time, the cruising course is very 
loose and he's not sure where they will be and when. Sorry I can't be more specific. 
of 12 
4/20/10 5:29 PM 
EFTA00727203
--- PAGE 4 ---
Gmail - Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal080702&view=paz... 
Claudia 
From: Lesley Groff jmailto: 
Sent: Thursday, March 04, 2010 11:39 AM 
To: Claudia Leschuck 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Exactly! 
From: Claudia Leschuck [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, March 04, 2010 2:35 PM 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
I totally get it. Always anticipate the question with an answer ... J 
From: Lesley Groff (mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, March 04, 2010 11:33 AM 
To: Claudia Leschuck 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
lia! ok...no problem. I just figure Jeffrey will be asking me! thanks 
From: Claudia Leschuck [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, March 04, 2010 2:31 PM 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
I'm not so sure as yet ... I will ask. 
From: Lesley Groff imailto: 
Sent: Thursday, March 04, 2010 11:24 AM 
To: Claudia Leschuck 
of 12 
4/20/10 5:29 PM 
EFTA00727204
--- PAGE 5 ---
Gmail - Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
That would be great...thanks 
In the interim, where in the Caribbean will he be going? 
From: Claudia Leschuck [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, March 04, 2010 2:20 PM 
To: Lesley Groff 
Cc: Claudia Leschuck 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal080702&view=paz... 
Hi Lesley .... I will let Nathan know about the lunch cancellation — no worries. 
him, if Nathan is going to Florida this month, it's news to me. He will be in the Caribbean with his family and 
some friends March 12-20 though. Nathan is off-site today and tomorrow but I'll ask him about this when I 
can and get back to you. 
All best, 
Claudia 
From: Lesley Groff jmailto: 
Sent: Thursday, March 04, 2010 10:58 AM 
To: Claudia Leschuck 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Claudia...as it turns out it does not look like Jeffrey will be in NY next week. Therefore, we need to cancel 
the lunch on Wed. the 10th. Jeffrey said he heard from Boris that Nathan will be going to Florida this 
month...Jeffrey is wondering the dates Nathan will be in Florida and if they could possibly see each other 
then? 
of 12 
4/20/10 5:29 PM 
EFTA00727205
--- PAGE 6 ---
Gmail - Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
Let me know! 
Lesley J 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal080702&view=paz... 
No virus found in this incoming message. 
Checked by AVG - www.avg.com 
Version: 8.5.435 / Virus Database: 271.1.1/2717 - Release Date: 03/03/10 19:34:00 
No virus found in this incoming message. 
Checked by AVG - www.avg.com 
Version: 8.5.435 / Virus Database: 271.1.1/2717 - Release Date: 03/03/10 19:34:00 
No virus found in this incoming message. 
Checked by AVG - www.avg.com 
Version: 8.5.435 / Virus Database: 271.1.1/2717 - Release Date: 03/03/10 19:34:00 
No virus found in this incoming message. 
Checked by AVG - www.avg.com 
Version: 8.5.436 / Virus Database: 271.1.1/2717 - Release Date: 03/08/10 07:34:00 
No virus found in this incoming message. 
Checked by AVG - www.avg.com 
Version: 8.5.436 / Virus Database: 271.1.1/2717 - Release Date: 03/08/10 19:33:00 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Mon, Apr 12, 2010 at 7:08 PM 
To: Lesley Groff < 
in at 10 pm on the 19th, ask him for the sugar baking soda recipe for hamburgers 
[Quoted text hidden] 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacafion
gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
of 12 
4/20/10 5:29 PM 
EFTA00727206
--- PAGE 7 ---
Gmail - Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=fral080702&view=pt&... 
Lesley Groff <
> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Ok. 
----Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation
omail.com>
To: Lesley Groff 
[Quoted text hidden] 
Mon, Apr 12, 2010 at 7:31 PM 
Lesley Groff •::
M> 
To: Jerre E stein leevacation©gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Tue, Apr 13, 2010 at 10:17 AM 
Nathan will actually be in New York MAY 17,18, 19 and now possibly the 20th as well. They were 
wondering if you might know your May schedule...I told her we will touch base beginning of May. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Monday, April 12, 2010 7:09 PM 
[Quoted text hidden] 
[Quoted text hidden] 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacatIon@gmail.com> 
Tue, Apr 13, 2010 at 10:26 AM 
To: Lesley Groff < 
lets do the 20th for breakfast 
[Quoted text 'widen] 
Lesley Groff •::
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc 
Ok, great. I'll let Claudia know. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationftlmail.com]
Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2010 10:27 AM 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: FW: Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
[Quoted text hidden] 
Tue, Apr 13, 2010 at 10:28 AM 
of 12 
4/20/10 5:29 PM 
EFTA00727207
--- PAGE 8 ---
Quail - Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=fral080702&view=pt&... 
Lesley Groff <
> 
Thu, Apr 15, 2010 at 1:27 PM 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
See below 
----Original Message----
From: Claudia Leschuck < 
To: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Thu Apr 1512:47:36 2010 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Lesley .... 
> 
I again pinged Nathan about the burger recipe and he replied by stating it is currently being revised and he 
will have a reformatted version in a few weeks. Either Nathan or I will send as soon as he has the revision. 
All best, 
Claudia 
----Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff [mailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2010 7:35 AM 
To: Claudia Leschuck 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
I'm sure breakfast at his home (probably not the sugar/baking soda burgers though!) 
East 71st Street (between 5th and Madison) 
----Original Message----
From: Claudia Leschuck [mailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2010 10:31 AM 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Great, does Jeffrey have a venue in mind? 
----Original Message----
From: Lesley Groff (mailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2010 7:29 AM 
To: Claudia Leschuck 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Claudia...Jeffrey would actually like to schedule in breakfast on May 20th if that would be ok?! 
----Original Message----
From: Claudia Leschuck [mailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2010 10:07 AM 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Apparently Nathan may extend his trip another day through the 20th. Is Jeffrey available that Thursday? 
of 12 
4/20/10 5:29 PM 
EFTA00727208
--- PAGE 9 ---
Gmail - Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffa1080702&view=pt&... 
Botaand I have asked Nathan for the sugar/baking soda burger recipe... will ping him again. 
Claudia 
----Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff imailto: 
Sent: Monday, April 12, 2010 6:23 PM 
To: Claudia Leschuck 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Claudia, jeffrey will not arrive NY on the 19th until 10pm. Jeffrey requested the sugar baking soda recipe for 
hamburgers from Nathan 
----Original Message----
From: Claudia Leschuck < 
To: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Mon Apr 12 18:39:18 2010 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Great, I will stand by. 
Claudia 
----Original Message----
From: Lesley Groff fmailto: 
Sent: Monday, April 12, 2010 3:38 PM 
To: Claudia Leschuck 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
> 
[Quoted text hidden) 
Version: 8.5.437 / Virus Database: 271.1.1/2799 - Release Date: 04/12/10 06:32:00 
No virus found in this incoming message. 
Checked by AVG - www.avg.com 
Version: 8.5.437 / Virus Database: 271.1.1/2799 - Release Date: 04/12/10 06:32:00 
No virus found in this incoming message. 
Checked by AVG - www.avg.com 
Version: 8.5.437 / Virus Database: 271.1.1/2799 - Release Date: 04/12/10 18:32:00 
No virus found in this incoming message. 
Checked by AVG - www.avg.com 
Version: 8.5.437 / Virus Database: 271.1.1/2799 - Release Date: 04/12/10 18:32:00 
Lesley Groff 11=IM
> 
To: jeevacahon@gmail.com, 
See below 
----Original Message 
Fri, Apr 16, 2010 at 4:30 PM 
of 12 
4/20/10 5:29 PM 
EFTA00727209
--- PAGE 10 ---
Quail - Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
From: 
To: Lesley Groff 
CC: 
Sent: Fri Apr 16 16:29:10 2010 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
> 
Are there any dates that Jeffrey is planning on being in DC? 
Mary Lee Welch 
Wesle K. Clark & Associates 
501.244.2203 fax 
On Tue, Apr 13, 2010 at 10:20 AM, Lesley Groff <-> 
wrote: 
Hello Mary Lee! Just touching base...wondering if you had any dates for us to look at in late April for 
possibly General Clark and General Minihan meeting up with Jeffrey in DC (as you suggested) 
I am leaving for vacation tomorrow...will be back in the office on the 20th! (so I thought I would touch 
base now...I will have my Blackberry with me as well though J 
Take care, 
Lesley 
Lesley Groff c
To: jeevacation©gmail.com, 
Hi jeffrey. Did you want to give some possible dates for me to pass on? 
----Original Message----
From: 
To: Lesley Groff 
Mon, Apr 19, 2010 at 1:21 PM 
l0of 12 
4/20/10 5:29 PM 
EFTA00727210
--- PAGE 11 ---
Quail - Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffa1080702&view=pt&... 
CC: 
Sent: Mon Apr 19 12:54:46 2010 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
any update? on dc or new york dates? 
--------
Mary Lee Welch 
Wesley K. Clark & Associates 
501.244.2203 fax 
On Fri, Apr 16, 2010 at 3:30 PM, Lesley Groff <-> 
wrote: 
We will find out! 
[Quoted text hidden] 
Lesley Groff <II=I
> 
Tue, Apr 20, 2010 at 3:20 PM 
To: jeevacafion@gmail.com 
----Original Message----
From: Paul Halata 
To: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Tue Apr 20 15:16:04 2010 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
«SPHCV9_06[2].doc» 
Lesley, 
Thanks for helping me to see Jeffrey. It was good to see him. He wanted my CV 
which I attached. Can you please give him my best regards. 
Paul 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Tue, 13 Apr 2010 14:51:30 -0400 
From: 
To: 
of 12 
4/20/105:29 PM 
EFTA00727211
--- PAGE 12 ---
Gmail - Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
CC: 
https://mail.geogle.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=fral080702&view=pt&... 
Hello Paul! Wanted to confirm your appt w/Jeffrey tomorrow, Wed. April 14th, at 7pm at his home in Palm 
Beach. 
358 El Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, FL 
staff line 
You had asked for a recommendation on where to stay!! The Breakers are very nice!! (If you have not 
already booked somewhere else!) 
Lesley 
Hotmail is redefining busy with tools for the New Busy. Get more from your inbox. See how. 
<http:/Nvww.windowslive.com/campaion/thenewbusy?ocid=PID28326::T:WLMTAGL:ON:WL:en-
US:WM HMP:042010 2> 
SPHCV9_06[2].doc 
tl 29K 
of 12 
4/20/10 5:29 PM 
EFTA00727212

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727213.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail • Fwd: Barbro och tjejer 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal0807028zview=pac... 
GM II 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacatIon@gmaIleom> 
Fwd: Barbro och tjejer 
message 
Tue, Apr 20, 2010 at 1:26 PM 
To: JEEVACATION©gmaItcorn 
LAST NIGHTS SWEDISH EVENT.."SWEDES ABROAD"..WANT EVATO JOIN IN IMPORTANT LUNCHEONAPRIL 30 HERE IN 
NYC...WE THOUGHT WE ISHOULD NVITE DR OLIVER SACHS..UNDERSTAND HES HAVING SPINAL SURGERY?...WHO ELSE 
BRAIN/MUSIC CONNECTION SCIENTIST! SPEAKER SALSS IN STH OCT 1 WHO ALSO EDELMAN WILL APPROVE OF AS 
WELL...? BE 
From: 
To: 
Sent: 2010.04.20 13:12:20 Eastern Daylight Time 
Subj: Barbro och tjejer 
I at 2 
4/20/10 5:26 PM 
EFTA00727213
--- PAGE 2 ---
Gmail • Fwd: Barbro och tjcjcr 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2Szik=ffal0807028zview=pt&... 
at 
4/20/10 5:26 PM 
EFTA00727214

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727215.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail Fwd: stylevita business plan 
https://mail.google.com/maill?ui=2&ik=ffa1080702&view=pt&... 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmall.com> 
Fwd: stylevita business plan 
message 
Tue, Apr 20, 2010 at 1:17 PM 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeproject@yahoo.com> 
Sent from my 'Phone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "M=I 
Gofman" <ekaterinahmac.com>
Date: March 4. 2010 12:34:57 PM EST 
To:"- 
." 
Subject: Fw: stylevita bp 
Reply-To: ekaterinah@mac.com 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: rudypofmanabaol.com 
Date: Thu, 04 Mar 2010 11:01:18 -0500 
To: <ekaterinah@mac.com>
Subject: stylevita bp 
vitaBusinessPlan'10v2.pdf 
1083K 
of I 
4/20/10 5:25 PM 
EFTA00727215

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727216.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail • Lsj master suite 
https://mail.google.com/mailrtui=2Srik=tia10807028zyiew=pt&... 
G h14 ail 
Lsj master suite 
message 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Reply-To: 
To: Je vacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Emad Hanna 
, Brice Gordon 
Tue, Apr 20, 2010 at 5:21 PM 
Stereo nick spoke to gary, the master bedroom is not wired for a tv at this time. Do you want it wired for tv 
etc? 
Thank you 
Larry 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless handheld 
of I 
4/20/10 5:34 PM 
EFTA00727216

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727217.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail - Maguire office pavillion 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal080702&view=pat... 
Gm it 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation©gmall.com> 
Maguire office pavillion 
message 
Gary Kerney e
> 
Tue, Apr 20, 2010 at 3:51 PM 
To: Darren Indyke <->, 
Rich Kahn < 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Darren 
1. I found a contract dated 4-25-06 for engineering $140,000 plus $60,000 reimbursables to be signed by 
Amerling 
2. I found a draft architectural contract no #'s. According to meeting minutes Miller and Doug were 
negoiating,but no documents ,Bill was not included in any meetings at this point but was copied with minutes 
of some meetings 
3.Jeffrey asked me to review Maguire costs. 
4.1 assume you have copies of contracts and work orders that Doug and Charles executed .none are in 
Monique's files. If so please forward them to me. 
5.Rich can you send me the costs to date for Maguire on the office pavilion 
Thanks 
Gary 
I of I 
4/20/10 5:12 PM 
EFTA00727217

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727218.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727218.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail • Miami 
https://mail.google.com/mailnui=2&ik=ffal0807028evicw=puk... 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Miami 
message 
Al seckel •z:
> 
Tue, Apr 20, 2010 at 2:07 PM 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Hi Jeff, 
I haven't heard back from you. I am available anytime the afternoon of the 29th onwards, and can 
work to your schedule. I need to be back to catch my flight on the 30th. 
Will this work for you? A driver would be great and much appreciated. I am low maintenance. 
Cheers, 
me 
of 1 
4/20/10 5:27 PM 
EFTA00727218

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727219.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail - (no subject) 
https://mail.google.com/mailrlui=2Szik=ffal0807028zview=pt&... 
G 
by Geoz.11e ail 
(no subject) 
message 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmall.com> 
N E M sc.
) 
Tue, Apr 20, 2010 at 5:17 PM 
To: JE Jail <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
I am just looking at the expense report bella sent me. All those gifts for 
were definitely not from me! Nice . 
of 1 
4/20/10 5:33 PM 
EFTA00727219

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727220.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail - RE: Re: 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal080702&view=pat... 
Gm i 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacatIon©gmaIl.com> 
RE: Re: 
message 
Warwick Wicksman 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Gary Kerney < 
Mr. Epstein, 
Wed, Apr 14, 2010 at 11:18 AM 
>, Doug Schoettle < 
Rich Kahn 
Attached is a PDF of our signed contract. Please refer to Attachment B, pages 11 and 12 of the attachment, 
for the detailed fee breakdown requested for each consultant. I added some notes on page 11. The current 
Architecture and Consultant invoices are also attached for reference. 
Each of the consultants has been paid for the Schematic Design services, previously completed (drawings 
issued 8/14/09). Each of the consultants has also received their Design Development retainer (50% of their 
DD fee). 
This Consultant invoice is for the consultants that have completed their Design Development services, as of 
our Plan Check Issue (drawings issued 1/8/10), and are due the balance of their fees for that phase. That 
includes: 
Structural 
Mechanical, Electrical, Plumbing 
Lighting 
AudioNisual 
The reminder of the consultants had not proceeded beyond their 50% retainer at the time the project was put 
on hold. 
Gary and Doug were sent progress drawings for all of the work. Please let me know if you want me to 
re-send any of it to you for reference. 
Please let me know when you would like to discuss this, or if you need additional information. I will be out of 
the office most of the day again today, but will be back around 4:00 PST. I am also available to speak any 
I of 5 
4/20/10 5:17 PM 
EFTA00727220
--- PAGE 2 ---
Gmail - RE: Re: 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal080702&view=pat... 
time tomorrow; I am scheduled to be in the office all day. 
Thanks! 
Warwick 
Warwick Wicksman, AIA 
Principal 
Gensler 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Santa Monica, California 90404 
USA 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationftlmail.comi
Sent: Monday, April 12, 2010 8:22 AM 
To: Warwick Wicksman 
Subject: Re: Re: 
I would like a summary of work to date, dollars for each „ paid to date , amount owing. consultants wilth 
more detail. 
On Mon, Apr 12, 2010 at 11:15 AM, Warwick Wicksman <
 wrote: 
Sure. What time works for you? And is there new info you need me to send out in advance? 
Warwick Wicksman, AIA 
Principal 
Gensler 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Santa Monica, California 90404 
USA 
of 5 
4/20/105:17 PM 
EFTA00727221
--- PAGE 3 ---
Gmail - RE: Re: 
https://mail.google.com/mailnui=2Szik=ffal0807028zview=pt8c... 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacationOomail.com]
Sent: Monday, April 12, 2010 8:12 AM 
To: Warwick Wicksman 
Subject: Re: 
wed night? 
On Mon, Apr 12, 2010 at 11:10 AM, Warwick Wicksman c
 wrote: 
Mr. Epstein, 
Do you need any additional information from me for this call? Please note, I am on a construction site all day 
tomorrow, and will not be able to call in. 
Thanks, 
Warwick 
Warwick Wicksman, AIA 
Principal 
Gensler 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Santa Monica, California 90404 
USA 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacationOomail.com] 
Sent: Monday, April 12, 2010 6:47 AM 
To: Warwick Wicksman 
Cc: Rich Kahn; Gary Kemey 
Subject: 
our call will have to wait untiil rich kahn comes in tomorrow 
gr..* 
grip* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
3of5 
4/20/10 5:17 PM 
EFTA00727222
--- PAGE 4 ---
Gmail - RE: Re: 
https://mail.google.com/mailnui=2&ik=ffal0807028zview=pae... 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
gr..* 
*Hp** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
grip* 
***** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationagmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
attachments 
Agreement LSJ signed 110909.pdf 
967K 
01 5 
4/20/10 5:17 PM 
EFTA00727223
--- PAGE 5 ---
Gmail - RE: Re: 
https://mail.google.com/mailflui=2&ik=tfal080702&view=pt&... 
,R2) Epstein Consultant DD.PDF 
65K 
Epstein Arch CD.PDF 
U.' 53K 
015 
4/20/10 5:17 PM 
EFTA00727224

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727225.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail - Helo 
https://mail.google.comimailnui=28zik=ffal080702&vieve=pt... 
G 
trio.* air 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmall.com> 
Helo 
message 
Thu, Apr 8, 2010 at 9:27 PM 
Reply-To: 
To: Jeffrey leevacation©gmail.com> 
Hi..going to sleep soon..today I enjoyed lunch w a friend and sleep in late aftemoon..then amazing dinner w 
another friend.' ate bread and delicious chocolate cake w ice cream.the best thing today tho was the 
conversation I had with Richie. First we were texting a bit and I told him that I was actually in love w him ( I 
never told him that before ) and that I still am and that I miss him but I still don't wanna be w him . Later he 
called me we were talking and he said that I'm very confused and that maybe I should really be single for a 
while.to figure out myself and what I want. I know I ve been hearing this from many ppl but since he told me 
that it just sounded differently and he is right. I really feel much better now and I'm gonna concentrate on 
that..so from a bad day it turned out to be pretty good..Thank you very much Jeffrey for standing by my side 
during my loneliness..it hepled me so much and its still helping me actually.' really greatelly appreciate it. And 
also I'm using my slovakian phone in europe so whenever u wanna call please use this number. 
Thank yoi! Have a great rest of the day 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless handheld. 
I of I 
4/20/10 5:43 PM 
EFTA00727225

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727226.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail - Zorro Dakota Well S2 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&0k=ffal080702&view=pt&... 
Gm it 
ey( 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation©gmall.com> 
Zorro Dakota Well S2 
message 
brice gordon 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: Darren Indyke < 
Mon, Apr 19, 2010 at 3:22 PM 
i would like to recommend a change of location for the proposed Dakota S2/deep well at Zorro 
proposed new location would lower infrastructure cost 
BGW (hydrology) and Frank Bond approve of this approach 
It will mean amending plan that is tied up in WRD legal division 
attached is a map indicating the proposed new location for your review 
can i proceed 
Document (3).pdf 
88K 
of 1 
4/20/10 5:13 PM 
EFTA00727226

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727227.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail - Re: 
https://mail.google.com/mailflui=28zik=ffal0807028cvieve=pt... 
G 
t„,coos, ail 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmall.com> 
Re: 
message 
<S. 
Reply-To: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless handheld. 
Tue, Mar 9, 2010 at 8:43 AM 
of 1 
4/20/10 5:43 PM 
EFTA00727227

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727228.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail - Re: 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal080702&view=pt... 
G ail 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation©gmall.com> 
Re: 
message 
•c
> 
Reply-To: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
ane already...we r taking of soon...but for future is 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
Thu, Feb 18, 2010 at 11:23 PM 
and in europe I II be using 
I of I 
4120110 5:42 PM 
EFTA00727228

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727229.pdf
----------------------------------------
Grnail - Fw: refund 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal080702&view=pat... 
Gu ii 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacatIon©gmall.com> 
Fw: refund 
message 
Tue, Apr 20, 2010 at 5:14 PM 
Reply-To: 
To: Je vacation leevacafion@gmail.com>, Darren Indyke <
> 
Fyi 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless handheld 
From: "Poland, Marc B SIK" 
Date: Tue, 20 Apr 2010 12:39:36 -0400 
To: aMMI>: 
cr
>; cr
>; Whittaker, Raymond V 
SIK
IMMEM>: 
Germon, Howard H SIKla 
Cc: <IM
EM-; Carroll, Gretchen SIK 
Subject: RE: refund 
We will refund the monies as agreed, including interest, without delay. I would just ask for clarity in direction 
from Darren (as the named contact in the Deposit Agreement), as the Agreement is specific regarding which 
portions of funds are to be returned and which option pricing rights are terminated accordingly. 
Darren, Please refer to Attachment 2 and advise which scenario (#1, #2 or #3) you would like us to follow. It 
appears from the comments below that we are looking at #2, but I leave that for you to direct. 
I am not looking for reasons to delay, but would share a simple observation that the Agreement has a 
remaining life' of ten days. Unless George has accepted defeat on the task of finding a buyer for 750, it 
would seem in Mr. Epstein's interest to allow the arrangement to continue — particularly since it is yielding 
interest. 
Marc B. Poland 
Commercial Director 
Sikorsky Global Helicopters 
tel 
fax (860)998-7436 
I of 2 
4/20/10 5:33 PM 
EFTA00727229
--- PAGE 2 ---
Grnail - Fw: refund 
From: 
[math° 
Sent: Tuesday, April 20, 201011:58 AM 
To: 
Poland, Marc B SIK 
Cc: 
Subject: refund 
Whittaker, Raymond V S1K; Germon, Howard H SIK; 
Good Morning Marc, Howard and Ray, 
I do not believe an offer and/or closing will happen for serial # 750 in the near future, Mr. Epstein has 
requested me to initiate the refund of the monies per the contract on March 31, 2010 for another C++. 
I do not know the full details of interest that was negotiated, I will leave that to Darren, Ray and Rich Kahn to 
determine that number. I have copied Darren Indyke and Rich Kahn our CFO, please contact Mr. Kahn for 
appropriate wire information necessary to initiate transfer. 
Richard Kahn direct line: 
Darren lndyke 
Larry Visoski 
Thank you, 
Larry Visoski 
Chief Pilot, Shmitka Air, Inc 
04/20/2010 
11:59am EST. 
of 2 
4/20/10 5:33 PM 
EFTA00727230

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727231.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail - Epstein Matter - Letter from Bob Critton to Dennis Hersch 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=ffal080702&view=pt&... 
Gm it 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmall.com> 
Epstein Matter - Letter from Bob Critton to Dennis Hersch 
message 
Connie Zaguirre, CP, FRP a 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com. Darren Indyke <->, 
Mon, Apr 19, 2010 at 4:52 PM 
Enclosed please find letter from Bob to Dennis Hersch, without the enclosures. 
W
-"41 BURMAN.CRITTON 
LUTTIER&COLEMAN.u.p 
YOUR TRUSTED ADVOCATES 
Connie ZaguIrre. CP. FRP- Assistant for Robert D. Crition. Jr. 
303 Banyan Boulevard I Suite )0I
West Palm Beach I FL 33401 
Phone: (5611 842-2820 I Fax: (561) 253-0164 
I www.bciclaw.com 
This e-mail contains legally privileged and confidential information intended only for the individual or entity 
named within the message. Should the intended recipient forward this message to another person or party, 
that action could constitute a waiver of the attorney/client privilege. If the reader of this message is not the 
intended recipient, or the agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that 
any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is prohibited. If this communications 
was received in error, please notify us by reply e-mail and delete the original message. 
20100419162126790.pdf 
ci 54K 
I of 1 
4/20/10 6:01 PM 
EFTA00727231

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727232.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail • Are you in Palm Beach? 
https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=fla10807028zview=par... 
G 
byGoogle 
tek
ail 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacationftmall.com> 
Are you in Palm Beach? 
message 
Tue, Apr 20, 2010 at 3:04 PM 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Hi - I'm here until Friday, and then back toward the end of May. R u here? Love to stop by... 
Sets 
wwwfliningwithfinances.com 
I of I 
4/20/10 5:28 PM 
EFTA00727232

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727233.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727233.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gmail • mad at me or just busy? 
https://mail.google.com/mairtui=2Szik=ffal0807028zyiew=pt&... 
ail 
mad at me or just busy? 
message 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
or both. 
or neither. 
Tue, Apr 20, 2010 at 12:37 PM 
of I 
4/20/10 5:47 PM 
EFTA00727233

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727234.pdf
----------------------------------------
Board Certified OW Trial Lawyer 
Certified Circuit Mediator 
April 20, 2009 
LAW OFFICES of 
DAVID W. SPICER, P A. 
11000 Prosperity Farms Road 
Suite 104 
Palm Beach Gardens, Rorida 33410 
Telephone: 561-625-6066 
Facsimile: 561-625-6016 
Toll Free Number: 1-877-345PICER 
VIA FACSIMILE & U.S. MAIL 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
RE: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Jack: 
Sandra W. Hughes 
Paralegal/Office Administrator 
Jill McClelland 
Legal Assistant 
This will confirm my conversation with Jeffrey yesterday and our conversation of this morning that 
for reasons that we discussed, I will not be taking over any of the cases in the Epstein matter. 
I understand you did not want me to talk to Critton about this until you and Jeffrey have made a 
decision as to what you want to do and please let me know as soon as possible since a number of 
new Federal cases have just been filed and are going to need to be responded to. 
There is only one signed Stipulation of Counsel and that has, to my knowledge, not been filed or 
approved by the Judge so it is simply a matter of letting opposing counsel know that Mr. Critton is 
staying on the case, at least for now, and that I will not be entering an appearance on any of these 
cases. 
As I told Jeffrey, Keith Puya of the Stephens, Lynn firm and I talked about this over the weekend and 
he told me his firm had the manpower, in-house appellate attorneys, and the resources to take this 
case over immediately and give them the attention they need especially since the Federal cases have 
upcoming discovery deadlines. Mr. Puya is an aggressive, well experienced defense lawyer and his 
office is in the same building with Bob Critton's so that is one option. 
EFTA00727234
--- PAGE 2 ---
RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Page 2 
I am sorry that I have to decline in representation of Jeffrey in any of these case. Please advise me 
as soon as possible as to the status. 
Sincerely, 
David_yi. _Spicer 
DWS/jpm 
cc: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, via Email 
EFTA00727235

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727236.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 277 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/07/2010 Page 1 of 9 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 0940331-CR-COHN 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
v. 
SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
GOVERNMENT'S RESPONSE TO DEFENDANT'S 
SENTENCING MEMORANDUM 
COMES NOW The United States of America, by and through the undersigned Assistant 
United States Attorney, and hereby files this response to the Defendant's Sentencing Memorandum 
(DE 272). 
GUIDELINES APPLICATION 
The defendant herein stands convicted of RICO Conspiracy, in violation of 18 U.S.C. 
§ 1962(d); Conspiracy to Commit Money Laundering, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §1956(h); Conspiracy 
to Commit Mail and Wire Fraud, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §1349; and two counts of Wire Fraud, in 
violation of 18 U.S.C. §1343, stemming from the operation of a Ponzi scheme in which 
approximately $1.2 billion was invested, with a determined loss amount of $429,275,468.63. After 
application of all relevant factors, the Pre-Sentence Investigation Report ("PSIR") fixes the 
defendant's Guidelines calculation at Level 43, Criminal History Category I, yielding an advisory 
Guidelines sentence of 1,200 months' incarceration.' The defendant does not dispute the accuracy 
'As noted in the Defendant's Sentencing Memorandum, at p. 4, the defendant's raw 
offense level would actually calculate to a Level 52. However, pursuant to USSG Ch. 5, Pt. A 
n.2, "[a]n offense level of more than 43 is to be treated as a level 43." Further, under USSG 
§5G1.1(a), the Defendant's Guidelines sentence is limited to his statutory maximum sentence of 
100 years rather than his Guidelines maximum of life imprisonment. 
EFTA00727236
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 277 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/07/2010 Page 2 of 9 
of the aforesaid Guidelines determination. 
DEFENDANT'S MOTION FOR VARIANCE 
Having accepted the aforesaid Guidelines calculations, the defendant seeks a variance from 
the Guidelines sentence based upon a variety of factors. The Plea Agreement in this case states, in 
pertinent part, the following: 
In the event that the applicable offense level is deemed by the Court 
to be 43 or above (life), the government agrees to not oppose a 
variance; however, the Government reserves the right to oppose any 
sentence recommended by the defendant. 
(DE 69, p. 5). Consistent with this provision, the Government does not oppose a variance from the 
aforesaid Guidelines sentence in this case. However, insofar as the Defendant seeks a sentence of 
years' incarceration, the Government objects and suggests that a sentence of 40 years' (480 
months') imprisonment is appropriate. 
The Government concedes that a variance in this case is supported by several salient factors. 
While the Defendant's criminal activity in this case can only be described as reprehensible, it is 
beyond dispute that his post-offense conduct has been extraordinary. Having initially absconded 
from the country, he voluntarily returned from Morocco, with which the United States has no 
extradition treaty. At the time of his return, he was not yet charged with any offense. No pre-
conditions existed in connection with this event. No prior discussions of any type occurred with 
regard to the charges which he ultimately might face or what his custody status would be once he 
returned. As set forth in the Defendant's Sentencing Memorandum, at pp. 13-15, the Defendant 
submitted to extensive debriefings concerning his criminal activity; identified the locations where 
physical evidence was later obtained by law enforcement agents; identified the location of his assets; 
and took all available steps to turn over all of those assets to the United States in anticipation of their 
EFTA00727237
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 277 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/07/2010 Page 3 of 9 
being utilized as restitution in this case. Additionally, the Defendant consented to the filing of an 
Information against him charging serious offenses, obviating the necessity for the government to 
spend time, effort and money in presenting the case to a grand jury; and pled guilty to that 
Information, saving the government and the Court the time, resources and expense of what would 
otherwise have been a very lengthy trial. Apparently, as set forth in Exhibits E and F of the 
Defendant's Sentencing Memorandum, the Defendant has provided assistance to the creditors of 
Rothstein, Rosenfeldt & Adler and to its trustee in bankruptcy. Combined, these factors militate in 
favor of a sentence below the advisory Guidelines sentence. 
However, in advocating the appropriate sentence in this case, the government must take issue 
with some of the defendant's assertions. Insofar as the Defendant, at pp. 3-9 of his Memorandum, 
launches a general attack on the Sentencing Guidelines calculations utilized in significant fraud cases, 
he is misguided. It is beyond cavil that the Guidelines calculations in fraud cases are, in large 
measure, determined by the loss amount. USSG §2B1.1 Background, states the following: 
The Commission has determined that, ordinarily, the sentences of 
defendants convicted of federal offenses should reflect the nature and 
magnitude of the loss caused or intended by their crimes. 
Accordingly, along with other relevant factors under the guidelines, 
loss serves as a measure of the seriousness of the offense and the 
defendant's relative culpability and is a principal factor in determining 
the offense level under this guideline. 
Defendant's argument that this results in an improper disparity in sentences imposed against 
defendants convicted in major fraud cases when compared with those convicted in other types of 
cases finds no support in the law. In fact, the Supreme Court, in holding that federal appellate courts 
may apply a presumption of reasonableness to district court sentences that are within the properly 
calculated guidelines range, explained the formulation and application of the Guidelines, and the 
Congressional mandate that the Sentencing Commission write the Guideline in a manner consistent 
EFTA00727238
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 277 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/07/2010 Page 4 of 9 
with the factors set forth in 18 U.S.C. §3553(a). The Court found as follows: 
The result is a set of Guidelines that seek to embody the § 3553(a) 
considerations, both in principle and in practice. Given the difficulties 
of doing so, the abstract and potentially conflicting nature of § 
3553(a)'s general sentencing objectives, and the differences of 
philosophical view among those who work within the criminal justice 
community as to how best to apply general sentencing objectives, it 
is fair to assume that the Guidelines, insofar as practicable, reflect a 
rough approximation of sentences that might achieve § 3553(a)'s 
objectives. 
Rita v. United States 551 U.S. 338, 350 (2007). See also, United States v. MacArthur. 209 WL 
1079093*3 (1 
Cir. 2009) ("Congress enacted the Sentencing Guidelines in large part to eliminate 
disparities in the sentences meted out to similarly situated defendants."), quoting United States v. 
Chotas, 968 F.2d 1193, 1197 (11th Cir. 1992). Consequently, while the Defendant may take issue 
with the propriety and utility of the manner in which the Guidelines are calculated in his case, the 
Supreme Court does not, and defendant's Memorandum is devoid of any appellate support for his 
contention that the Guidelines are somehow unfair as applied in his case? 
Equally unavailing is defendant's contention that any sentence above 30 years' incarceration 
would create an unwarranted sentence disparity given the sentences which previously were imposed 
by different courts, in different cases, involving different schemes, committed by different 
defendants. First, in addition to the five cases cited in Exhibit G to the Defendant's Memorandum, 
in which sentences in excess of thirty years' imprisonment were imposed as punishment for conduct 
similar to his,3 there are additional reported decisions in which the appellate courts have affirmed 
'The two District Court opinions cited by the Defendant in his Memorandum, at p. 9, 
preceded the Court's decision in Rita by two years. 
'United States v. Frederick C. Brandau, Case No. 99-08125-CR-DTKH (S.D.Fla.) 
(Defendant convicted of selling fraudulent viatical insurance investments, with a determined loss 
amount of $117 million, sentenced to 55 years' imprisonment), affirmed 46 Fed.Appx. 617 (11'h
EFTA00727239
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 277 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/07/2010 Page 5 of 9 
other such sentences. See, United States v. Billman 86 F.3d 1153, (4th Cir 1996) (affirming 40-year 
sentence for conspiracy, racketeering and wire and mail fraud following the collapse of a federally 
chartered bank); United States v. Runnels, 985 F.2d 554, (4i° Cir. 1993) (affirming 31- year and 
40-year sentences for defendants convicted of wire fraud, RICO, bank fraud, bankruptcy fraud and 
obstruction of justice). Other similar cases of more recent vintage are set forth below: 
a. United States v. Donald Tamawa, case no. 03-CR-0144-
RAS (E.D.Tx.) (Defendant convicted in an investment scheme 
involving the sale of purported software technology, with a 
determined loss amount of $16.6 million, sentenced to 40 years' 
imprisonment), affirmed 182 Fed.Appx. 294 (5h Cir. 2006); 
b. United States v. Norman Schmidt case no. 04-CR-00103-
REB (D.Colo.) (Defendant convicted of operating a Ponzi scheme 
involving high-yield investments, with a determined loss figure of 
$43 million, sentenced to 330 years' imprisonment), sentence 
reduced to 310 years' imprisonment, United States v. Lewis 594 
F.3d 1270, 1275 (lir Cir. 2010); 
c. United States v. Giuseppe Pileggi case no. 06-CR-00151-
FDW (W.D.N.C.) (Defendant convicted in telemarketing fraud case 
involving $8.3 million in gross proceeds sentenced to 50 years' 
imprisonment);4
d. United States v. Richard Harkless case no. 07-CR-00018-
VAP (C.D.Cal.) (Defendant convicted of operating a Ponzi scheme, 
Cir. 2002); United States v. Bernard Madoff, Case No. 09-CR-00213-DC (S.D.N.Y.) (Defendant 
who pled guilty to conducting a Ponzi scheme, with a determined loss amount of approximately 
$50 billion, sentenced to 150 years' imprisonment); United States v. Thomas Petters Case No. 
08-CR-00364-RHK (D.Minn.) (Defendant who was convicted of running a $3.5 billion Ponzi 
scheme sentenced to 50 years' imprisonment); United States v. Sholam Weiss and Keith Pound, 
Case. No. 98-CR-00099-PCF (M.D.Fla.) (Defendants who were convicted of RICO, fraud and 
other charges in connection with the collapse of a life insurance company, with a determined loss 
amount of $450 million, sentenced to 835 years' imprisonment and 740 years' imprisonment, 
respectively). 
°This case was vacated and remanded with instructions, not because the sentence was 
excessive, but because its imposition may have violated the treaty under which the defendant 
was extradited from Costa Rica. United States v. Pileggi, 2010 WL 235144 (4i° Cir. 2010). 
EFTA00727240
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 277 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/07/2010 Page 6 of 9 
with a determined loss figure of $39 million, sentenced to 100 years' 
imprisonment); 
e. United States v. Robert Thompson case no. 07-CR-00109-
001 (M.D.La.) (Defendant who pled guilty to operating an identity 
theft scheme while he was in prison, with a determined loss amount 
of $100,00.00, sentenced to 309 years' imprisonment); and 
f. United States v. Edward Okun case no. 08-CR-00132-0I 
(E.D.Va.) (Defendant convicted of operating an investment scheme 
involving tax-deferred investments, with a determined loss amount 
of $126 million, sentenced to 100 years' imprisonment). 
Thus, the incidence of such sentences being imposed is not quite as rare as Defendant maintains. 
Second, such anecdotal claims do not support an argument that the sentence recommended 
in this case by the government would give rise to any such disparity. In a recent case, the Ninth 
Circuit specifically rejected this argument, in which the defendant, Treadwell, argued for a more 
lenient sentence based upon the sentences previously imposed against some of the same defendants 
identified in Exhibit G to the Defendant's Memorandum herein: 
Nor does it matter for purposes of § 3553(a) that Treadwell can point 
to a specific criminal defendant, like Rigas, who may have received 
a lighter sentence for a different fraud. A district court considers the 
§ 3553(a) factors to tailor a sentence to the specific characteristics of 
the offense and the defendant. "It has been uniform and constant in 
the federal judicial tradition for the sentencing judge to consider every 
convicted person as an individual and every case as a unique study in 
the human failings that sometimes mitigate, sometimes magnify, the 
crime and punishment to ensue." [citing United States v. Gall 552 
U.S. at 52] (quoting Koon v. United States, 518 U.S. 81, 113, 116 
S.Ct. 2035, 135 L.Ed.2d 392 (1996)). The mere fact that Treadwell 
can point to a defendant convicted at a different time of a different 
fraud and sentenced to a term of imprisonment shorter than 
Treadwell's does not create an "unwarranted" sentencing disparity. 
A district court need not, and, as a practical matter, cannot compare 
a proposed sentence to the sentence of every criminal defendant who 
has ever been sentenced before. Too many factors dictate the exercise 
of sound sentencing discretion in a particular case to make the inquiry 
Treadwell urges helpful or even feasible. 
EFTA00727241
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 277 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/07/2010 Page 7 of 9 
United States v. Treadwell 593 F.3d 990, 1011-12 (9th Cir. 2010). 
The instant case is unique. As the Defendant acknowledges in his letter to the Court, his 
actions have had a sever impact on this community. He has brought shame on the legal profession. 
He caused the collapse of a law firm, necessitating those employees who were not part of his 
unlawful activities to seek new employment in a severely depressed job market. His actions have 
adversely affected legitimate charitable organizations, which were compelled to return funds upon 
which they were relying in formulating their yearly budgets. In perpetrating his scheme, he even had 
the audacity to forge the signatures of three different members of the federal judiciary on bogus court 
orders. These are some of the factors, in addition to the underlying facts of the case computed within 
the advisory Guidelines, which warrant a more severe sentence than that advocated by the Defendant. 
Lastly, while the government concedes that the sentence urged by the Defendant may likely 
be sufficient to provide specific deterrent from further crimes by him, it takes issue with his bare 
assertion, at p. 16 of his Memorandum, that "[t]o suggest that the prospect of a 30-year sentence is 
not enough to deter others who would consider engaging in such conduct ignores common sense." 
As set forth within Exhibit G to the Defendant's Memorandum, many courts around the country 
previously have imposed comparatively lengthy sentences in these types of cases, while the 
incidence of such prosecutions seems to be increasing. As set forth above, of late, the courts have 
been imposing even more severe sentences in cases of this type, and it will yet to be seen whether 
this has the desired deterrent effect. "Because economic and fraud-based crimes are 'more rational, 
cool, and calculated than sudden crimes of passion or opportunity,' these crimes are 'prime 
candidate[s] for general deterrence.'" United States v. Martin 455 F.3d 1227, 1240 (11th Cir. 2006), 
quoting Stephano Bibas, White-Collar Plea Bargaining and Sentencing After Booker 47 Wm. & 
Mary L.Rev. 721, 724 (2005). 
EFTA00727242
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 277 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/07/2010 Page 8 of 9 
Therefore, the government respectfully urges that its recommended sentence in this case of 
years' imprisonment is more likely to serve this purpose than that proposed by the Defendant. 
See, e.g. United States v. Lewis 594 F.3d 1270, 1278 (10ih Cir. 2010) (affirming 310- year sentence 
where the trial court found that "[d)eterrence, especially of those similarly situated or inclined, can 
only be effected through lengthy incarceration, protection of the public through life-long 
incapacitation, through incarceration for life, is necessary."). 
Respectfully submitted, 
WIFREDO A. FERRER 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
By:  Is/ Lawrence D. LaVecchio 
LAWRENCE D. LaVECCHIO 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Fla Bar No. 305405 
500 E. Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33394 
Tel: (954) 356-7255, ext. 3588 
Fax:(954) 356-7336 
lawrence.lavecchio@usdoj.gov 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that, on June 7, 2010, I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. 
EFTA00727243
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 277 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/07/2010 Page 9 of 9 
/s/ Lawrence D. LaVecchio 
LAWRENCE D. LaVECCHIO 
ASSISTANT UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
EFTA00727244

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727245.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727245.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeff, 
The Smolin typo will be fixed this morning. I actually caught it myself 
earlier, but somehow, my webmaster missed it. 
This is all excellent. The science site will really start to rock once we 
start posting real interviews up with the people on the our mutually 
respective lists. I am continuing hard work with the philanthrophic 
site today, and will send you a further draft of suggested and properly 
worded proposals. Again, that needs to be so carefully worded, so 
that funds are well leveraged to actually push some speculative and 
interesting fruitful ideas. 
Again, your foundation site will not just be postings, but serious 
researchers will be able to apply and submit their ideas on these 
topics, which you (or properly vetted specialized grant committees) 
can review at your/their leisure. Below is the basic outline of the 
approach that I have been thinking about (these are my draft words 
below again, still in progress, and as you can see below, I have put 
some thought into this), which makes it a little different from what is 
currently out there (occasionally one sees solicitations which explicity 
call for really novel ideas and approaches that wouldn't normally get 
funded. The FQXSi initiative of the Templeton Foundation is an 
example, but suffers from that all too often most grants/prizes from 
a private foundation go to a small cabal of associates of a couple of 
influential advisors (FQXI is an example). I hope you find my 
thought helpful, well-intended, and constructive. AGAIN, this is 
YOUR stuff, but I am going to suggest constructive ideas: 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation is designed and structured to capture 
the ideas and innovation from both vetted traditional and non-
traditional grantees, and provide the templates, some limited 
coaching, and financial support to bring these ideas to fruition and 
implementation. 
EFTA00727245
--- PAGE 2 ---
It is vital to understand that the Jeffrey Epstein Foundation is not a 
"piggy bank," but a facilitator between properly vetted grants and 
sponsorship funds. It does not exist to simply fund the creation of 
new projects that come into existence ad infinitum, rather it seeks to 
fund projects that are based on sound organizational principles, 
practices and strategies that can use resources efficiently to drive real 
and lasting social change and advance significantly the frontiers of 
knowledge in fundamental areas, and are sustainable. 
Intended grant recipients are people that are or could be doing 
important and innovative work towards solving specific issues in 
problem areas, but who are stymied by lack of proper governmental 
funding and support. Particularly targeted are projects from non-
traditional applicants that do not have ready access to currently 
available funding routes such as government grant programs or 
venture capital. 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation will also serve as an innovative 
forum for discussion of ideas/projects between the general public, 
the scientific community, entrepreneurs, and philanthropists with the 
aim of fostering collaborative enterprises. 
Grantees are researchers, laboratories, or institutions, which are 
dedicated to advancing the frontiers of knowledge. 
The central challenge is getting to the scale where the support, 
synergy, and participation in such projects propagates, and becomes 
irreversibly self-multiplying across schools, universities, 
neighborhoods, and regions. 
At its best, the Jeffrey Epstein Foundation will enable grantees to 
confidently and systematically assess, analyze and improve their own 
work. It provides them with a perspective from which they can 
explore and conceptualize the general principles that underlie their 
own work, and later spread these insights throughout the citizen 
EFTA00727246
--- PAGE 3 ---
sector, in a way that alters the community for the better. 
Grant Construction 
Grant applicants will identify their program type and target area in 
their initial application. However, the program type of 
"Revolutionary Thinking" is included specifically to capture that 
unorthodox idea that fits no anticipated category. The Grants 
awarded for this program type will be helping to develop truly 
extraordinary ideas. 
Grants will be available at three set levels ($10,000, $25,000, $50,000, 
$100,000) for proposed programs. This grant money may be used as 
the sole funding for a program, as a matching fund for other grant 
programs, or may be supplemented with matching grant funding 
from other sources as long as there are no conflicting requirements 
between the two programs in the areas of intellectual 
property. Follow-on programs, or multi-year grants aimed at 
building large, self-sustaining programs after an initial successful 
program will be encouraged, and the size of the follow-on grant 
programs will be limited only by the interest and enthusiasm of the 
Grant recipients, the appropriate Grant Committee, and the Sponsor 
community. 
Seed Grant 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation Grant Program will publish on the 
Jeffrey Epstein Foundation Web Portal an initial set of "expert ideas" 
for programs, projects or technology development that reflects the 
current needs of the scientific community. These seed grant ideas 
would include an expected funding level for that type of 
program. These ideas and examples will serve both as a set of seed 
ideas that applicants could seek to take on directly, and also as a 
series of "anchors" to help define the scope of what is expected at 
each grant level. The set of Seed Grants will be reviewed and 
EFTA00727247
--- PAGE 4 ---
updated quarterly by the Jeffrey Epstein Foundation Grant 
Committee to reflect new ideas, evolution of strategic goals, and 
increasing understanding of the applicant community. 
Donor Ideas 
Individual philanthropists may have specific ideas or grants that they 
would like to fund directly. As part of the Seed Grants, there will be 
a forum on the Jeffrey Epstein Foundation Web Portal for donor 
directed ideas which may be applied for by applicants. Individuals or 
Foundations, who want to contribute will be encouraged to support 
of a "featured" grant, so that collective donations will cumulatively 
create fuller financial support. 
Grant Proposal Process 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation recognizes that structuring a grant 
program to cast as wide a net as possible, to capture the ideas and 
innovation from non-traditional sources has many potential pitfalls. 
Traditional grant applicants are science researchers with formal 
administrative procedures in place for identifying sources of funding 
then writing, submitting, and managing grants. Traditional applicants 
for venture capital are expected to develop business plans with 
projected return on investment. Both of these processes generally 
require a significant investment of time on the part of the applicant, 
and a significant prior knowledge and training on how to structure 
proposals with well-defined rules for construction and 
submission. The non-traditional grant applicant will likely have no 
training on the traditional processes, and no support structure in 
place to support them during the significant investment of time to 
write a proposal. The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation will provide 
limited guidance to the non-traditional applicant on how to put 
together an acceptable proposal with minimal overhead, and in some 
cases will fund the grant proposal process. 
In structuring a grant program to pull in these types of amateur 
EFTA00727248
--- PAGE 5 ---
proposals from all over the world to address ideas outside of the 
mainstream, one could quickly generate a crippling review 
burden. Not only will the proposals need to be read and evaluated, 
but the applicants are likely require significant direction and 
education in how to structure an executable plan to achieve their 
goal. A program such as this could quickly become swamped with a 
large volume of proposals of low quality ideas, and the overhead 
involved with evaluating the proposals could expand until a majority 
of available money was being spent evaluating and managing 
proposals rather than being awarded in grants. 
To address these potential issues, a non-traditional approach to grant 
giving will be undertaken. The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation Grant 
Program will be awarded after a multistage grant application 
described in the next section, which includes only invited proposals 
with targeted focus areas as part of the process. 
To keep the program nimble and prevent direct lobbying, the Grant 
Reviewers in each of the target areas will not be identified to the 
general public, but drawn from key experts within the relevant key 
communities. In each phase, each reviewer will download proposals 
to review, and electronically submit the reviews of each proposal 
without knowledge of any other reviewer's ranking of the idea. Final 
decisions about invitation to enter subsequent phases of the program, 
or final award of grants will be made by the appropriate Grant 
Committee with the aggregated reviewer rankings. 
Application for Grants 
Eligibility 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation Program is open to all individuals 
with a world changing idea. It is not intended to fund salaries within 
existing organizations for on-going work. A Grant Committee would 
consider funding an individual already associated with an existing 
EFTA00727249
--- PAGE 6 ---
organization as long as the project proposed is original in scope and 
the individual is its original source, and the effort directed towards an 
entirely new program for that organization. 
Phase 1 
The first stage of the application process is a 250 word abstract of the 
idea which will be accepted and reviewed on a rolling basis. Any 
group or individual may only submit an idea through the Jeffrey 
Epstein Foundation Web Portal. 
The goal of this first stage is to ensure that the grant applicant is able 
state clearly in 250 words of less the "what, why and who" of their 
idea, and to allow rapid review and evaluation of the proposed idea. 
The exercise of distilling the idea to its very essence, and stating both 
the problem and the potential solution in a manner that is both 
succinct and inspiring to the Grant Reviewers is an essential skill for 
a grant recipient. This level of application does not require any 
specialized training, nor does it take a burdensome amount of time to 
produce, lowering the bar for the non-traditional applicant. The 
application will include: 
1. Tide of the Project; 
2. Identification of the Key Target area and program type 
being proposed; 
3. Name and contact information of the individual or group 
proposing the idea; 
4. Location of the proposed project; 
5. A 250 word abstract describing the problem to be 
addressed, and the idea including the positive benefits and 
impact of the idea; 
6. A 150 word description of why the project is innovative. 
EFTA00727250
--- PAGE 7 ---
The idea abstracts will be reviewed and ranked by the Jeffrey 
Epstein Foundation based on the impact and quality of the idea 
only, not on the assessed ability of the group to achieve the idea 
(guidelines for this review are in Appendix 
Because of the 
compact abstract form, the overhead of reviewing will be minimized. 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation Grant Reviewers must, however, 
have significant scientific and entrepreneurial expertise, as it is critical 
to avoid screening out truly creative and revolutionary ideas. 
Phase 2 
Groups submitting high-ranking abstracts will be invited to submit a 
Phase 2 proposal to evaluate the depth, quality, maturity and 
achievability of the idea and to further define the scope and budget. 
On-line website based resources will be provided to guide the 
applicant through the process of working through and identifying the 
details of how the idea would be achieved, and calculating how much 
it would cost. The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation Web Portal would 
step the applicant through what the reviewers are looking for in an 
application and what to think about in order to plan properly. There 
are many such websites for proposal development with widely 
varying degrees of sophistication in both the coaching and interface, 
and examples of such are included in the reference section. An 
example of the types of guidance questions is presented below: 
Background of the group must include addressing the following: 
-1. How and when was the group created (if applicable)? 
-1. What other related activities has the group or individual carried out? 
-1. What has the group or individual achieved in related areas and what 
difficulties have been faced? 
-1. What other plans or projects is the group or individual carrying out 
EFTA00727251
--- PAGE 8 ---
or intending to carry out? 
-1. Who will have group/individual responsibilities including roles of 
Director, Project Coordinator and Treasurer? 
-1. How will project related decisions be made? 
Proposal 
-1. What is the pressing need that this program will address? 
-1. How will this group or individual address this need? 
-1. What is the time frame, and what resources are needed? 
-1. What materials and resources will you use from the location 
(including volunteer labor and in-kind donations)? 
-1. What will be your contribution of materials and resources? 
-1. In addition to financial support, what, if any, resources are you 
requesting from the GlobalSolverTM Foundation I Ocean 
Grant Program? 
-1. What type of product will be produced? 
-1. How will you monitor, evaluate and share your results? 
-1. What (if any) is the educational component of the project? 
Budget 
-1. What costs are you requesting from the Jeffrey Epstein 
Foundation Grant Program? 
EFTA00727252
--- PAGE 9 ---
-1. Special equipment and other needs; 
-1. List additional or supplementary funds being provided by other 
institutions, foundations and individual donors if any; 
-1. Does the group have a bank account? If so, include location and 
account number. 
Upon receipt, Phase 2 proposals would be reviewed and ranked with 
awarding of funding occurring on a quarterly basis (Evaluation 
criteria are detailed in Appendix __). Highly ranked, mature 
proposals with strong support and background, a compelling idea, 
and an identified source of funding from a targeted donor or the 
Committee's discretionary fund may be recommended for direct 
funding at the end of Phase 2 review. 
Rollout and launch may start with allowing only individuals or teams 
who are associated with an accredited educational or research 
institution, or non-profit environmental foundation, to apply for a 
Jeffrey Epstein Foundation Grant. This is to allow for the nurturing 
and development of a more open-ended Grant Program. 
To discourage "prank" submissions, or "idea shot-gunning," 
submissions from single groups will be limited to three per quarter, 
and a nominal, but sliding scale application fee will be charged for 
each submission (the fee will be scaled to a level appropriate for each 
country of origin to ensure that it does not serve as a barrier to ideas, 
and can be waived for schools). 
EFTA00727253
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00727254

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727255.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727255.pdf
----------------------------------------
8/27/ 1 10 FRI C9:40 
:13407758108 
S 
1/ 10 
GRAZING LICENSE 
The Zorro Trust (the "Owner") and Eddy L. Bums (the "Burns") agree: 
1. Property. In consideration of value provided by Bums to Owner, Owner 
grants permission to Burns to use, for livestock grazing purposes as defined in this 
Grazing License (this "License"), land located in Santa Fe County, New Mexico, that is 
suitable for grazing livestock held in fee simple by Owner (the "Fee Simple Property"): 
land held by Owner pursuant to United States Department of the Interior, Bureau of 
Land Management (the "BLM"), Grazing Lease, Allotment 00830 Puertacito Salado (the 
"BLM Lease") (the "BLM Lease Property!), and land held by Owner pursuant to New 
Mexico State Land Office (the "SLO"), Commissioner of Public Lands, Agricuftural 
Leases Nos. GR2122 and GR2088 (collectively, the "SLO Leases") (collectively, the 
"SLO Lease Property") Collectively, the Fee Simple Property, the BLM Lease Property 
and the SLO Lease Property are the "Property" and are described on attached 
Exhibit A. 
Owner has delivered to Burns and Burns acknowledges receipt and 
understanding of the terms of the BLM Lease and the two SLO Leases and agrees to 
comply with the terms of the BLM Leases and the SLO Leases. Owner explicitly denies 
permission to Burns to use land that is not suitable or appropriate for livestock grazing 
purposes or land that is in close proximity to any of the existing residences or the 
airstrip on the Fee Simple Property. Owner grants permission to Burns to use the Fee 
Simple Property for livestock grazing purposes effectively upon the execution of this 
License. Burns is expressly precluded from using the BLM Lease Property and the SLO 
Lease Property until Burns has been granted respective subleases by the BLM and the 
SLO. Burns and the Owner intend that the granting of any subleases by the BLM and 
the SLO to Burns in no way transforms this License into a lease. 
Final Grazing License doe 
EFTA00727255
--- PAGE 2 ---
2. Purpose of License. Burns is granted permission to only use the Property 
for livestock grazing purposes, and, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties, 
a total of no more than 50 head of cattle will be pastured on the Property at any one 
time, provided that no more than 9 cattle will be pastured on the BLM Lease Property at 
any given time, no more than 11 cattle will be pastured on each of Lots 1, 2, 3 and 4 of 
SLO Lease GR2088 at any given time, no more than 12 cattle will be pastured on each 
of Lots 1, 2, 3, 4 and 7 of SLO Lease GR2122, no more than 12 cattle will be pastured 
on the remaining 280 acres on Section 2 of SLO Lease GR2122, and no more than 12 
cattle will be pastured on the 640 acres in Section 18 of SLO Lease GR 2122. As a 
condition of Owner's grant of permission to use the Property for livestock grazing 
purposes, Burns must comply with the terms of this License, the BLM, the Leases, any 
subleases issued by the BLM and the SLO, and all applicable federal, state, and local 
laws and regulations. Owner does not warrant or represent that the Property is suitable 
for the livestock grazing activity contemplated by this License. 
3. As-Is License. 
Burns is being given permission to use the Property for 
livestock grazing purposes on an "AS-IS WITH ALL FAULTS" basis with any and all 
patent and latent defects, is not relying on, and waives any warranty of merchantability, 
habitability, fitness for a particular purpose and any other representation or warranties, 
express or implied, of any kind from the Owner with respect to any matters concerning 
the Property. 
4. Termination of License. This License may be terminated by either party at-
will on 5 days' written notice delivered to the other party at the address contained in this 
License. Upon termination of this License, Burns must immediately cease using the 
Final Grazing Licenatcdoc 
8018SLL0PEl l 
Ot:60 183 Ol./a/R 
EFTA00727256
--- PAGE 3 ---
Property for livestock grazing purposes, must promptly remove any livestock on the 
Property, and must leave the Property in as good condition as the Property was in on 
the effective date of this License, except for normal wear, tear and depreciation. Upon 
termination of this License, any subleases held by Burns with the BLM and the SLO will 
be terminated and revoked and will revert back to the Owner. 
5. Management, Repair and Maintenance. 
a. Burns will provide competent supervision over the livestock grazing 
activities contemplated by this License and will use due care to prevent waste or 
depletion of the Property, ordinary wear and tear from proper use excepted. Burns will 
operate the livestock grazing activities on the Property in a good and rancher-like 
manner. 
b. Bums will not use or remove any post, wood or timber from the 
Property. 
c. Burns will not overstock or overgraze the Property. 
d. Burns will not build any new structures of any character upon the 
Property without prior, express, and written consent of Owner. 
e. Burns will not remove or relocate any fences that are on the Property 
without prior, express, and written consent of Owner. 
f. If the existing bated wire fencing, fence posts, gates and structures 
on the Property need repair, Burns will repair and maintain them, but Owner will furnish 
the wire and posts, at the expense of Owner. 
Nisi Crazing banged= 
it R 
80I8Siatell 
I 
Ot:60 tai Ol.//2/6 
EFTA00727257
--- PAGE 4 ---
g. if the existing barbed wire fencing, fence posts, gates and structures 
on the Property are damaged due to livestock activity Burns will be responsible for 
repair at Burns expense 
h. At the termination of this License, any fences and gates built by Burns 
will remain on the Property. 
6. Payment of Utilities, Taxes and Insurance. Owner will pay all ad valorem 
taxes legally assessed against the Property Bums will assess and pay all taxes legally 
assessed against all livestock and personal property that Burns may place upon the 
Property during the duration of this License. 
Owner will provide all casualty and 
extended coverage insurance insuring the Property, but not on any livestock or other 
personal property of Burns. During the duration of this License, Burns will provide 
public liability insurance against injury to, or death of, any person with a coverage of not 
less than $1,000,000 single limit for any one accident and will name Owner as an 
additional insured under the policy which will provide that the policy may not be 
terminated except upon 30 days' prior written notice to Owner. 
7. Alterations and Additions. 
Bums will not demolish any improvement, 
remove any fixture or make any alteration in, or addition to, the Property without 
obtaining the prior, express, and written consent of Owner. Bums will furnish such 
indemnity against liens, damages and expenses as Owner may require. 
8. Assignment and Subletting. Burns will not sell, assign, mortgage, pledge or 
transfer this License or any interest in this License, and will not sublet all or any part of 
the Property, or permit any licensee or concessionaire to use or occupy the Property. 
Any purported encumbrance, assignment, sublease, or transfer of any right or interest in 
Final Grazing License dot 
G 
8018SLart I f 
0660 I 44 01.//2/A 
EFTA00727258
--- PAGE 5 ---
this License by Bums, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law, under legal 
process, in bankruptcy, or otherwise will be void. Owner is not similarly restricted. 
9. Binding Effect. This License binds and benefits Owner and Burns and their 
respective permitted successors, assigns, transferees, nominees, heirs, devisees and 
personal representatives. 
This License may be modified only in writing signed by 
Owner and Burns, constitutes the entire agreement of Owner and Burns, and is 
governed by the laws of New Mexico. 
10. Notices. All notices will be written and personally delivered or mailed by 
certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, with return receipt requested, to Owner at 
Zorro Ranch Road, Stanley, New Mexico 87056-9743, and to Darren K. Indyke, 
Esq., The Villard House, 457 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022, and to 
Burns at  
Notice served by mail is effective on 
the date on which the notice is deposited In the mail. Owner or Burns may change their 
respective addresses at any time upon giving the other ten days' notice. 
11.Indemnification and Release. 
To the extent permitted by law, Bums 
releases Owner and will indemnify and hold harmless Owner from and against any and 
all liability (including, without limitation, arising out of, relating to or connected with the 
personal injury or death of Burns or any other person or entity whatsoever), losses 
and/or damages (including, without limitation, losses and/or damages to the Property or 
real or personal property of Burns or any other person or entity whatsoever), claims 
and/or liens (including, without limitation, those of laborers, mechanics and materials 
suppliers contemplated under subparagraph 5(j) of this License), costs, fees and/or 
expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements) arising out of, 
Final Grazing License doc 
OP:60 183 0t ./Lt/8 
EFTA00727259
--- PAGE 6 ---
related to or connected with the use of any of the Property by Burns or any other act or 
omission of Burns under this License. To the extent, if at all, Section 56-7-1(A) NMSA 
1978 is applicable to this agreement to indemnify Owner, such agreement will not 
extend to "liability, claims, damages, losses or expenses, including attorney fees, arising 
out of bodily injury to persons or damage to property caused by or resulting from, in 
whole or in part, the negligence, act or omission of the indemnitee or its officers, 
employees or agents." 
12.Attorney's Fen, If either Owner or Burns brings suit to compel performance 
of or to recover for breach of any covenant, agreement, or condition contained in this 
License, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover from the other party costs and 
reasonable attorney's fees. 
13.Effect of Partial Invalidity. The invalidity of any portion of this License will 
not be deemed to affect the validity of any other provision. If any provision of this 
License is held to be invalid, the remaining provisions will be deemed to be effective as 
if they had been executed by Owner and Burns after the removal of the invalid 
provision. 
14.Entiro Aureoment. This License is the entire agreement between Owner 
and Burns and any prior understanding or representation of any kind preceding the date 
of this License will not be binding upon either Owner and Burns except to the extent 
expressly provided for in this License. 
15. Modification of Agreement. Any modification of this License or additional 
obligation assumed by either Owner or Bums in connection with this License will be 
binding only if such modification or obligation is in writing and signed by each party. 
Final Grazing License 6oc 
80185LLOPEI C 
EFTA00727260
--- PAGE 7 ---
16. Counterparts. This License may be executed in any number of counterparts, 
each of which will be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute 
one and the same instrument. 
DATED:  J 2c 2 
- 2 0 e C 2005. 
OWNER: 
ZORR 
By 
Its 
BURNS: 
114 
1/44
Eddy L: Duni s 
5T4TE of into men.to 
court-ry 0 P 
nC
, 
Thta 
0-4f.....w..er.{ 'act, ac.Cno&led5ed be Ito re 41/44_ 
on 
by 
" e4-t re 
ps +en. 
4e.a_ 4vtg Eicl.cly, L. 
us ns• 
(\Ay earmi:s5:ov, elp:res: 
cyl.-LOroot 
) 
OFFICIAL SEAL 1 
) 
1\ 
Susan J Moyers 
siocARY KWIC 
) 
s I ATE oulnk mpoza
pi rev  un- z.0 -w n  , 
Final Ora® llama 
z 
trittua e r 2.8 Loos-
Po A-v(4 Pvich
(-.
C: /1 : 
t8SLiC7E: 
Ot:60 IN4 Al /37/0 
EFTA00727261
--- PAGE 8 ---
9/27r10 FRI 09:40 
)13407750100 
8/ 10 
. 
• •-•••• 
:• • :•,,..:••••,..r.:•-.7.••••'`'..v.'• 
• ••.‘.. 
, 
•e• s r
.2•'• •:.• 
. •• • 
•••••••:..: 
• .• 
:••••••1••••••••••:.• • • 
• :.kv: • 
•••••?5,...;., 
• 
•• ;A. 
••••••1 
:::Preb. • 
• 
••••:••"?. 
.••:•.`-` • 
...z• • : 
. Cs.
• 
• 
• p. 
• 
• 
im 
• • OM.
• 
••••t h,•• • .••••,' 
• • 
::•.••••.: • • 
:••••;4' 
41.41
/4 . 
"et.: 
C • t . 
•s• tS, 
-1.71
••• 
• 1•4:: 
••••• 
vi 
"›...,....rn‘wcv. • ;•"1:4‘.:;•: 
_•••••.:1.‘1,-• ;•-
'0.1:•rfif 
• ; •!.." ; • . 
:•••••?.' i'••••• 
• 
h.. • • 
4. 3; , 4.• 
• 
• 
•'• 
• 
f•••,',;:•••• ••
• 
• 
.r. 
•• 
. 
•• •2••••••••:.. ..-." 
••••• • • 
.U.83:10/id mahis-113 
tigER52 
';415•4:AV 
EFTA00727262
--- PAGE 9 ---
Find Graing Limn doc 
OP:60 tai Ol./a/A 
EFTA00727263

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727264.pdf
----------------------------------------
Current Assets 
Green Jets Incorporated 
Balance Sheet 
February 28, 2010 
ASSETS 
Regular Checking Account 
28,38447 
Payroll Checking Account 
1,435.98 
Accounts Receivable 
1,148.71 
Prepaid Expenses 
25,000.00 
Total Current Assets 
55,969.16 
Property and Equipment 
Furniture and Fixtures 
335.45 
Equipment 
3,698.18 
Accum. Depreciation - Fumitur 
(119.79) 
Accum. Depreciation - Equipmen 
(276.01) 
Total Property and Equipment 
3,637.83 
Other Assets 
Total Other Assets 
0.00 
Total Assets 
59,606.99 
Current Liabilities 
LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL 
Accounts Payable 
107,749.02 
Accrued Expenses 
750.00 
Accrued Expenses - Earthjet 
18,026.20 
Federal Excise Tax Payable 
15,118.13 
Government Segment Fee Payable 
310.40 
Federal Payroll Taxes Payable 
411.94 
Medicare Taxes Payable 
172.51 
Social Security Taxes Payable 
747.71 
FUTA Tax Payable 
271.84 
SUTA Payable 
350.41 
Line of Credit (Hays Jet LLC) 
560,000.00 
Interest (Hays Jet LLC) 
27,685.92 
Total Current Liabilities 
731,594.08 
Long-Term Liabilities 
Total Long-Term Liabilities 
0.00 
Total Liabilities 
731,594.08 
Capital 
Common Stock 
175.00 
Paid-in Capital 
174,825.00 
Retained Earnings 
(669,150.08) 
Net Income 
(177,837.01) 
Total Capital 
(671,987.09) 
Total Liabilities & Capital 
59,606.99 
Unaudited - For Management Purposes Only 
EFTA00727264

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727265.pdf
----------------------------------------
JOE GUASTAFERRO 
TRIAL ADVICE 
JURY SELECTION AND PERSUASION 
850 Piedmont Avenue NE 
Office: 404 892 4843 
Unit 3112 
Fax: 
866 825 8832 
Atlanta, GA 30308 
Cell: 
www.TrialAdvice.cora 
Email: 
Tuesday July 13, 2010 
Mr. Robert Craton 
Burman, Critton, Luther & Coleman LLP 
515 N. Flagler Drive 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Dear Bob, 
May this letter please serve as my invoice for hours on the Epstein matter for June of 2010. 
During this time period in preparation for the eventuality of a jury trial I reviewed the following 
documents that were sent to me in pdf format via email from your office: 
Hall Report 
Mediation Summary 
Supplemental Report 
In addition 1 wrote a brief email memo indicating that I had completed the review of these 
documents and was ready to begin the process of working with the team toward jury selection. 
Total time for reading and review of the documents referred to above = 4.0 hours 
Agreed upon hourly rate for services and fees is $200 
Total amount due this invoice is ($200 per hour x 4 h 
Thank you and I look forward to working with you aga 
u ever the need for my services 
arises. 
Best, 
EFTA00727265

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727266.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727266.pdf
----------------------------------------
HBRK Associates 
Payroll Analysis 
2010 
2008 
2008 
Total 
2009 
2009 
Total 
Pay 
Pay 
Education 
Employee 
Salary 
Bonus 
2008 
Salary 
Bonus 
2009 
Cut $ 
Cut % 
Estimate 
Emad Hanna 
105,000 
10,000 
115,000 
94,500 
- 
94,500 
20,500 
18% a 
15,000 
William Murphy 
115,000 
- 
115,000 
103,500 
- 
103,500 
11,500 
10% 
-
Harry Beller 
225,000 
75,000 
300,000 
202,500 
- 
202,500 
97,500 
33% 
60,000 
Rich Kahn 
215,000 
25,000 
240,000 
193,500 
- 
193,500 
46,500 
19% 
17,500 
Bella Klein 
100,000 
10,000 
110,000 
90,000 
- 
90,000 
20,000 
18% 
27,500 
Total HBRK Payroll 
760,000 120,000 
880,000 
684,000 
- 
684,000 
196,000 
120,000 
a Assumes that Emad son will receive a college scholarship. If he does not then this number can be 30,000 - 35,000 
EFTA00727266

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727267.pdf
----------------------------------------
Har 
December 9, 2009 
[Insert Name] 
Re: Fontainebleau Miami Beach Resort 
Dear 
Steve Haggerty 
Global Head 
Real Estate and Development 
South Wacker Drive 
Chicago, IL 60606 
Telephone : 312.780.5833 
Fax 
: 312.780.5889 
The attached term sheet sets forth the fundamental terms and conditions for a transaction between 
Nakheel Leisure or its affiliate ("Owner") and Hyatt Corporation or its affiliate ("Hyatt"), related 
to the management of the Fontainebleau Miami Beach Resort, located at 4441 Collins Avenue, Miami 
Beach, Florida (the "Hotel"). This letter and the attached Term Sheet ("Term Sheet") outline the 
general terms under which Hyatt Corporation and/or its affiliates and nominees (collectively, "Hyatt" 
or "Manager") would be interested in managing the Hotel. This letter and the Term Sheet, which is 
incorporated herein by this reference, are sometimes referred to collectively as this "Letter of Intent." 
This letter is not intended to, and does not, constitute a complete statement of, or a legally binding 
and enforceable agreement or commitment on the part of Hyatt with respect to the matters described 
herein. Execution of the Management Agreement is subject to conditions, including, but not limited 
to, approval by Hyatt's various review committees. The proposed terms are summarized and do not 
reflect the language of the actual provisions that would be contained in the Management Agreement. 
This Letter of Intent is not legally binding on the parties except for the following six items, which are 
binding: 
1. 
This Letter of Intent will remain in effect until the earliest of: (a) execution of 
Definitive Agreements (as defined in the Term Sheet); and (b) March 31, 2010. 
2. 
No trustee, officer, director, security holder, employee or agent of Hyatt or any of its 
respective affiliates will ever have any personal liability for any obligations entered 
into on behalf of Hyatt, and the assets of any such individuals will not be subject to 
the claims of any person relating to the obligations of Hyatt. 
3. 
Any public announcement indicating the association of Hyatt with the Hotel, and the 
timing of such announcements, must be discussed and agreed to in advance by Hyatt 
and Owner. 
4. 
Each of Owner and Hyatt undertake to respect and preserve the confidentiality of all 
"Confidential Information" received from the other. "Confidential Information" 
means (a) the existence and contents of this Letter of Intent, and (b) any information 
12/09/2009 
EFTA00727267
--- PAGE 2 ---
of a proprietary or confidential nature relating to the business or the assets of Owner 
or Hyatt or any of their respective affiliates or related companies that is not public 
information known by either of the parties prior to the date of this Letter of Intent. 
Neither party will disclose Confidential Information of the other party except as may 
be required by applicable law or by court order. 
5. 
The activities of Hyatt contemplated under this Letter of Intent may be effected 
through, and the rights and obligations under this Letter of Intent of each of such 
members may be assigned to, affiliates of Hyatt, subject always to Hyatt 
guaranteeing the obligations. 
6. 
This Letter of Intent and the terms herein are exclusive to each party; neither party 
shall be permitted to engage in any activity deemed to circumvent the other party 
prior to April 1, 2010 or the earlier mutual termination of this Letter of Intent. 
7. 
Owner represents and warrants that it is not prohibited by any law, regulation, 
agreement, instrument, restriction, order or judgment from negotiating or 
consummating any transactions with respect to the subject matter of this Letter of 
Intent and that consummation of any such transaction does not breach any agreement 
Owner has with another party or violate any court law or order. Owner agrees to 
indemnify Hyatt and its affiliates against all claims, damages, losses and expenses of 
any nature, including legal fees, asserted against or incurred by Hyatt and its affiliates 
in any legal proceeding brought by any third party arising from or relating to the 
negotiation and execution of this Letter of Intent and any related agreements. 
The governing law of this Letter of Intent shall be the laws of the State of Illinois, and the parties hereto 
agree to the sole jurisdiction of the State of Illinois courts. By signing below, each of the parties signifies 
that this Letter of Intent sets forth their preliminary understanding. 
ACKNOWLEDGED, ACCEPTED AND AGREED 
AS OF THE 
DAY OF 
, 2009: 
HYATT CORPORATION 
By: 
Steve Haggerty 
Global Head, Real Estate and Development 
OWNER 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
12/09/2009 
EFTA00727268
--- PAGE 3 ---
SUMMARY OF TERMS 
PROPOSED MANAGEMENT OF 
FONTAINEBLEAU MIAMI BEACH RESORT 
MIAMI BEACH, FLORIDA 
This term sheet is a proposal only, not subject to acceptance and is not contractually or legally binding. It 
represents only an expression of our present desire to negotiate the terms of a possible agreement for Hyatt 
Corporation or its affiliate ('Hyatt" or "Manager") to manage the Fontainebleau Miami Beach Resort, located at 
4441 Collins Avenue, Miami Beach, Florida (the 'Hotel"). Owner and Hyatt each reserve the right to review and 
change the proposed terms herein at any time. 
HOTEL MANAGEMENT TERMS 
Manager 
The Hotel would be managed by Hyatt Corporation or its affiliate 
under a Hotel Management Agreement with Owner. 
Hotel Branding & Name 
Management Agreement Term 
Management Fee 
The Hotel would be designated with the "Hyatt" brand, and a sub-
brand location designation to be mutually agreed by Owner and Hyatt. 
Hyatt is open to exploring possible "Fontainebleau" co-branding 
scenarios. 
Initial term commencing upon the Opening Date of the Hotel and 
continuing until the last day of the calendar year that contains the 25th 
anniversary of opening date. Hyatt would have the right to extend the 
term for two consecutive 10-year renewal periods. 
The annual management fee would consist of Basic and Incentive 
Fee components (collectively, the 'Management Fee"), both of which 
would be paid monthly with year-end reconciliation. 
Basic Management Fee 
Commencing upon opening of the Hotel, Hyatt would be paid a Basic 
Management Fee equal to 3.0% of annual gross receipts. Gross 
receipts would include all revenues from the operation of the Hotel, 
including all food and beverage revenues. The Basic Management 
Fee would be paid on a monthly basis. 
Incentive Management Fee 
In addition to the Basic Management Fee, Hyatt would be paid an 
Incentive Fee calculated as 15% of the amount of adjusted profit (see 
definition below) in excess of a Hurdle amount to be negotiated by the 
parties. 
Hyatt Chain and System Expenses 
The Hotel would participate in and bear the costs of Hyatt Chain 
(marketing, sales and reservations services) and System Services 
including technology and related services and other shared services 
provided to Hyatt Hotels and Resorts. The current System Services 
and associated costs to the Hotel are described in the attached 
summary. 
Pre-Opening Expenses 
During the Pre-Opening Period, Hyatt would submit to Owner a Pre-
Opening Expenses budget, an initial estimate of which is to be 
determined. This amount is intended to pay Pre-Opening Allocable 
Chain Expense and other expenses incurred prior to the opening of 
the Hotel, including, but not limited to, selling, promotion and 
advertising, staffing and training the Hotel's operations and services 
staff, and other similar expenses. 
Working Capital 
Working Capital is the responsibility of Owner. Owner would provide 
Initial Working Capital prior to the opening date of the Hotel. As a 
12/09/2009 
EFTA00727269
--- PAGE 4 ---
SUMMARY OF TERMS 
PROPOSED MANAGEMENT OF 
FONTAINEBLEAU MIAMI BEACH RESORT 
MIAMI BEACH, FLORIDA 
point of reference, Initial Working Capital is preliminarily estimated to 
be $1,000 - $1,500 ($2009) per room. 
Reserve for FF&E and Routine 
Capital Expenditures 
Termination for Performance 
A "Reserve" shall be established and utilized to provide for 
replacements and renewals of FF&E and Routine Capital 
Expenditures. Routine Capital Expenditures shall mean repairs and 
maintenance 
normally 
capitalized 
under 
generally 
accepted 
accounting principals (such as exterior and interior painting, 
resurfacing 
walls, 
floors and 
other 
similar 
routine 
capital 
expenditures). The Hotel Management Agreement would provide for 
an annual Reserve equal to 2% of gross receipts in Year One, 3% of 
gross receipts in Years Two and Three, 4% of gross receipts in Year 
Four, and 5% of gross receipts each year thereafter. 
Owner would have the right to terminate the Hotel Management 
Agreement if the Hotel fails in each of two consecutive operating 
years both a RevPAR Test and a GOP Test (together referred to as 
the Performance Test"). The Performance Test would commence 
with the 4th full operating year (the first measure year in which the test 
would be applied). 
"RevPAR Test: The Hotel must achieve a weighted average (based 
upon the number of rooms in each hotel) RevPAR Index of (to be 
determined) versus a to-be-determined competitive set. The 
competitive set may change over time upon the mutual agreement of 
Owner and Hyatt. 
'GOP Test The Hotel must achieve a Gross Operating Profit Hurdle 
("GOP Hurdle") based upon the Hotel's achieved annual occupancy 
as shown below: 
Hotel Occupancy 
Below 65% 
65% or above 
GOP Hurdle 
To be determined 
To be determined 
Hyatt would have rights to cure a Performance Test failure by paying 
the larger of the two annual deficiencies between achieved GOP and 
the GOP Hurdle of the two consecutively failed test years. Upon 
payment of the cure, Owner would not have the right to terminate with 
respect to the performance test period and both test years in the 
Performance Test would be deemed passed. The cure amount would 
not be repayable to Hyatt. There would be no limit to the number of 
times that Hyatt would have the right to cure a Performance Test 
failure. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Owner would not have the right to 
terminate the Hotel Management Agreement if the performance test is 
failed during any period in which occurs: (I) a force majeure event; (ii) 
the failure of Owner to provide working funds or maintain the Hotel in 
accordance with the operating standard; (iii) a casualty event; (iv) a 
taking by eminent domain; or (v) a 5% or greater reduction in annual 
available room nights resulting from a capital improvement program, 
12/09t2009 
EFTA00727270
--- PAGE 5 ---
SUMMARY OF TERMS 
PROPOSED MANAGEMENT OF 
FONTAINEBLEAU MIAMI BEACH RESORT 
MIAMI BEACH, FLORIDA 
or (iv) if there are less than 4 hotels in the competitive set during a 
test year. 
Termination on Sale 
None 
Transfer and Assignment 
Non-Disturbance 
Territorial Restriction 
Hyatt Capital Contribution 
Optional Branded Residential 
The Management Agreement and all related agreements between 
Hyatt and Owner would be assignable (subject to standard conditions 
set forth in the Hotel Management Agreement) by Owner to the 
purchaser of the Hotel, without additional fees or increase in the fees 
payable to Hyatt under the Management Agreement or otherwise. 
The Hotel Management Agreement would be subject to a 
Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreement (SNDA) 
acceptable to Hyatt, Owner and Owner's Lender. 
Hyatt and Owner would negotiate an appropriate area (the, 
-Restricted Area") within which Hyatt would not be permitted to own, 
operate, or license any other hotel similarly positioned within the 
market with the subject Hotel ("Restricted Hotels"). 
Owner acknowledges that Hyatt and its affiliates currently and may in 
the future own, manage, or license other lodging facilities (including 
full-service and select-service hotels, extended stay hotels, time-share 
or interval ownership facilities, vacation clubs, and senior living 
facilities) that use different brand names, trademarks, and service 
marks, including those with the "Hyatt' name as part of their brand 
name (such as, for example and without limitation, "Park Hyatt", 
-Grand Hyatt", "Andaz', "Hyatt Regency", -Hyatt Summerfield Suites", 
and -Hyatt place'), and that may compete directly with Owner. None 
of those activities, including other uses of the -Hyatt" name, would 
constitute a violation of the Hotel Management Agreement. Only the 
ownership, management, or licensing of a Restricted Hotel, the 
physical premises of which are located within the Restricted Area, 
would constitute a violation of the Agreement. 
Hyatt would also be permitted to own, operate or license any Hyatt-
branded hotel that is part of a chain acquisition of 4 hotels or more. 
Hyatt would agree to contribute a portion of the capital structure of the 
Hotel, which could take the form of: (a) a -Key Money" contribution 
(b) a mezzanine loan instrument, the terms of which to be determined 
or (c) minority joint venture participation. The method and amount of 
contribution will be dependent on a to-be-agreed capital structure and 
the negotiated terms and conditions of the Hotel Management 
Agreement. 
In addition to the Basic Fee and the Incentive Fee, if Hyatt branded 
residential units are sold as a portion of the scope of this project, 
Hyatt would be entitled to receive a Branded Residential fee for use of 
the Hyatt name and service marks for the sale of Hyatt branded whole 
ownership condominium units. The Branded Residential Fee would be 
5% of "Gross Sales Proceeds". -Gross Sales Proceeds" would be 
defined as the gross purchase price for each applicable Condominium 
Unit as set forth on the closing statement, inclusive of FFE and other 
personalty, less (i) customary sales commissions and marketing costs 
12/09/2009 
EFTA00727271
--- PAGE 6 ---
SUMMARY OF TERMS 
PROPOSED MANAGEMENT OF 
FONTAINEBLEAU MIAMI BEACH RESORT 
MIAMI BEACH, FLORIDA 
payable to unrelated third parties (in an amount not to exceed 5% of 
the Condominium Unit purchase price) and closing costs (including, 
without limitation, documentary stamps, title insurance costs, and 
recording costs) for each Condominium Unit in an amount not to 
exceed 2% of the Condominium Unit purchase price. This fee would 
cover the use of the Hyatt name and marks only, as Owner will be 
responsible for the sales and marketing of the condominium units. 
However, Owner will comply with Hyatt sales and marketing 
standards for sale of the residences, and all marketing materials used 
in connection with such marketing will be subject to the prior review 
and approval of Hyatt. 
Further, Owner will indemnify Hyatt with 
respect to any sales and marketing claims and design or construction 
defect claims relating to the Residences. 
Hyatt will require that it manage the Home Owners Association 
following completion of the project and delivery of units to the 
condominium unit buyers. Additionally, all revenue for services 
provided to condominium unit owners provided by Hyatt will flow 
through the Hotel income statement and will be subject to Hyatt Basic 
Fee and Incentive Fee calculations. The management of the Home 
Owners Association will be terminable by Hyatt if at any time Hyatt 
ceases to manage the Hotel. 
Subject to Approval 
All terms and conditions provided in this Terms Sheet are subject to 
final review and approval by Hyatt's Development Committee, and a 
Hyatt Capital Contribution may require approval by Hyatt's Board of 
Directors. 
12/09/2009 
EFTA00727272
--- PAGE 7 ---
SUMMARY OF TERMS 
PROPOSED MANAGEMENT OF 
FONTAINEBLEAU MIAMI BEACH RESORT 
MIAMI BEACH, FLORIDA 
DEFINITION OF ADJUSTED PROFIT 
"Adjusted Profit" shall mean, for any relevant period, "Gross Operating Profit" (as such amount is calculated in 
the tenth edition of the Uniform System, without regard to any revisions or future editions thereof) less deductions 
for the following amounts (but only to the extent that such amounts are not otherwise deducted in computing Gross 
Operating Profit): 
(a) 
An amount equal to the mandated deposits from the Hotel to the Reserve for FF&E and Routine Capital 
Expenditures for such period; 
(b) 
The cost of insurance maintained by Owner and Hyatt in accordance with the provisions of the Hotel 
Management Agreement and properly allocable to such period; 
(c) 
All real and personal property taxes properly allocable to such period; 
(d) 
The Basic Management Fee earned for such period (but not the Incentive Fee); 
(e) 
The Hotel's pro-rata common area maintenance charges (if any applicable); and, 
(f) 
All other amounts deductible with respect to such period under the express terms of the Hotel Management 
Agreement. 
In no event shall capital lease payments, any 'Capital Expenditures", or any expenditures made from funds on 
deposit in the Reserve, or from the proceeds of insurance recoveries or condemnation awards, be deducted in 
computing Adjusted Profit. A 'Capital Expenditure" shall mean the expenses necessary for non-routine major 
repairs, alterations, improvements, renewals, replacements, and additions to the Hotel which are generally 
classified as "capital expenditures" under generally accepted accounting principals, but that are not Routine Capital 
Expenditures. 
12/09/2009 
EFTA00727273

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727274.pdf
----------------------------------------
HA-ALT 
December 14, 2009 
[Insert Name] 
Dear 
Steve Haggerty 
Global head-
Real
lead
 Estate and Development 
Hyatt Hotels Corporation 
South Wacker Drive 
Chicago. IL 60606 
Tel: 312.780.5833 
Fax: 312.780.5889 
We sincerely appreciate your interest in exploring the possibility of a mutually beneficial 
partnership with Hyatt regarding certain of Dubai World's hotel assets. Further to your 
recent conversations with our Chairman, Mr. Tom Pritzker, I am pleased to confirm 
Hyatt's interest in pursuing management of the Fontainebleau Miami Beach Resort as a 
Hyatt branded resort hotel. We believe that the Fontainebleau is particularly well suited 
to benefit from Hyatt's leadership position in the management of convention oriented 
hotels in the US due to its location on the east coast and its resort orientation —
characteristics which represent key voids in Hyatt's current network of large convention 
hotels in the US. By filling this void in the rotation pattern for the large association and 
corporate conventions market, we believe that the impact of Hyatt's sales and marketing 
and related distribution systems will have a profoundly positive effect on the revenue and 
profit potential of the resort. 
For your reference, I have attached to this letter a Summary of Qualifications that touches 
on Hyatt's key attributes in support of our ability strongly penetrate the key group 
markets which the resort must capture and retain in order to succeed. Considering your 
existing knowledge of the Hyatt brands, I call your attention to a few specific slides as 
follows: 
• 
Slides 3-4: This slide summarizes the magnitude of the sales force applied to 
seeking and retaining business for the resort. As soon as we commence 
management there will be 700 sales people in a position to sell the resort. 
• 
Slide 5: Distribution of Hyatt's Group sales forces across the US. 
• 
Slides 6-7: A comparison of the relative sales production (in total revenue) of 
Hyatt's sales managers relative to our peers. This is a compelling slide when 
considering the important void that the Fontainebleau will fill in Hyatt's existing 
network of convention hotels in the US. 
EFTA00727274
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
Slides 8-10: An illustration of some key historic performance metrics related to 
the (i) conversion of existing hotels to Hyatt brand affiliation and management, 
and (ii) the opening of two major convention oriented hotels in the US. 
Also attached is a draft term sheet and cover letter related to terms of management for the 
resort under Hyatt management and branding. As alluded to in the term sheet, we 
recognize that discussions or negotiations with respect to management agreement terms 
may be premature to the extent that the capital structure for the resort must first be re-
structured. We may be in a position to assist in this regard both in respect of our 
management expertise and also in respect of capital. It is our understanding that Nakheel 
Leisure has the authority to fully negotiate the terms of the attached Letter of Intent on 
behalf of the ownership entity. 
Once again, we very much appreciate the opportunity to commence a dialogue with you 
in respect of this tremendous hotel asset and we look forward to responding to any further 
inquiries or requests for information. 
Best regards, 
Steve Haggerty 
Attachments 
EFTA00727275

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727276.pdf
----------------------------------------
ALFRED PAUL SECKEL, a resident of California, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
TOM McIVER, an individual, and DOES 1 through 100, inclusive. 
Defendants. 
CASE No.: CV03-6606 CAS (PLAX) 
DECLARATION OF Bart D. Hibbs 
I, Bart D. Hibbs, declare: 
I have personal knowledge of the facts as set forth below: 
I am not a party to this action. I can testify in a Court of Law under oath the following 
facts: 
I am an engineer at AeroVironment in Simi Valley, CA. 
I have known the plaintiff Al Seckel since approximately the mid 1980s. In approximately 
1984, Al Seckel founded a skeptical group to counter various pseudoscientific beliefs in 
popular culture. This group was called the Southern California Skeptics (SCS). In 
approximately1987, I was appointed by the Board to take over the role of SCS Treasurer 
from the previous treasurer John Edwards, and continued in this official role until the group 
suspended its activities sometime in 1990. Between 1987 and 1990 I was officially listed as 
the SCS treasurer on all SCS mastheads. I reported to the SCS Board on a regular basis 
about the finances of SCS. Al Seckel was present at these meetings, along with other SCS 
board members. I also regularly attended the meetings of SCS. I rarely see Al Seckel 
anymore. 
During the time that I was SCS treasurer, I personally handled all the finances and 
accounting of the SCS. This task included keeping track and recording all income/expenses 
of SCS, as well as check writing privileges for various SCS expenses. I made copies of all 
checks, all bank deposit receipts (which included cash deposits from the basket to collect 
donations during the meetings). All of this I entered into an accounting program on my 
computer, and the results of the accounting were given to the SCS board at the Board 
meetings, and accurate and true annual accounts were published in the LASER, the official 
Newsletter of the group. I took this job very seriously, and did it myself. Al Seckel never 
tried to influence me in any way in doing the accounting, was not involved in the 
accounting, and I was never "under his control" as some people have falsely claimed. I am 
my own person and do my own work. 
While I was treasurer of SCS, at no time was there any significant income into the group, 
and legitimate expenses seemed to always quickly consume any income that came in, 
EFTA00727276
--- PAGE 2 ---
despite the fact that the group was run on a very tight shoestring. Any income to SCS was 
quickly eaten up by expenses that related to mass promotional mailings, subscriber 
mailings, printings of the flyers and other promotional literature, printing of the LASER 
(the official journal of the group), subscriptions, book purchases, banquet and conference 
costs, costs of the Beckman Auditorium, and other legitimate SCS expenses. On several 
occasions, SCS was short funds to cover the expenses that had to be outlaid. At this point, 
Al Seckel would step in and put his own personal funds into the SCS account to cover the 
SCS account so that it would not be overdrawn. As SCS was always operating at a slight 
loss, Seckel would rarely, if ever, reimburse himself for the money that he outlaid to cover 
SCS. Other Board members also contributed some funds to keep SCS afloat. Seckel did not 
"loot the skeptics out of existence" as has been falsely claimed. 
The rumors that have been related to me that Al Seckel had somehow been inappropriate, 
misused, or taken funds from the SCS accounts for his own personal benefit are completely 
contrary to my experience and knowledge. I cannot say this more emphatically, as the truth 
is just the opposite! I know of no foundation to these claims at all. The claim made by Pat 
Linse that Al Seckel received $60,000 from SCS (during my tenure as treasurer 1987-1990) 
is absolutely false and without merit. I never saw those kinds of funds in the Skeptics at 
any time. 
The accounting books of SCS have always been open to anyone that asked. These books 
had copies of all checks deposited, originals of all checks written, copies of all deposit 
receipts, all SCS bank statements, and a computerized accounting of all transactions. All of 
this was prepared solely by me. A true and correct copy of the SCS accounting books were 
provided to Elie Shneour, Phillip Klass, and CSICOP. I cannot recall anyone else that ever 
asked me to examine them. I kept them in my possession until approximately a few years 
ago, when lack of space and any interest in them, made me decide to throw them out. This 
is a decision I did entirely on my own, and I did not consult with anyone about it, as SCS 
had closed down its operation well over 10 years previously. This is what I informed Al 
Seckel when he contacted me recently for copies of the SCS accounting books. 
Finally, there have been allegations that Seckel somehow "fabricated" the accounting 
books to make them appear as if he did not "loot the skeptics." I know of no reason to do 
this, as the legitimate accounting books showed just the opposite: that he helped keep the 
Skeptics financially afloat, rather than looting it. In addition he never accessed the 
computer on which I kept the records without my presence. The computer was almost 
always at AeroVironment so he could not have gained access to it without my knowledge. 
I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the 
foregoing is true and correct. 
Executed this day of December 
, 2007 , at Simi Valley, California. 
Bart D. Hibbs 
EFTA00727277

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727278.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc 
DRAFT 
A. 
HJ'S VIEWS ON PLANE 
1. 
Good price but could get better 
2. 
Old plane: swap lly.o. for 7y.o. seems odd but it does have a better range (for us) 
important because of Heidelberg/BVI 
3. 
Complex deal but could be simplified with negotiation 
4. 
Test plane risk, csp. HI attitude 
5. 
SNI discount at time of sale (but that's a long time away and probably post-
mortem, so not that relevant) 
6. 
Q4 2011 wait is a problem 
B. 
NETJETS will sell 200 at unbelievable prices 
C. 
G-4 SP (96) 
1. 
Selling at 11MM (10.9) 
2. 
Redone 2005 
3. 
1' hour burn 
D. 
G5 
1. 
Flies @SIM feet 
a. 
Calmer and cheaper 
b. 
No thunder above 47 
2. 
Easy to maintain 
3. 
on market tomorrow 
4. 
Bigger cabin 
E. 
HIS ADVICE 
I. 
B G-5 (422-23 
2. 
S mine for 15+ 
HATypinelViVil Views on Plenc•100709.wpd 
100709/wwg(iv) 
EFTA00727278

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727279.pdf
----------------------------------------
September 28, 2009 
RICHARD C. W. HALL. M.D.. P.A 
drricharclhall.com 
INVOICE 
TO: 
Burman Critt n, Cutler & Coleman LLP 
ATTN: 
Critton, Jr, Esq. 
RE: 
Jane Does an
 v. Epstein 
Please make check payable to: Richard C. 
M.D., P.A. 
Taxpayer ID 0: 
On. Hall's time: 
Jane Doe 
Records reviewed: 
Plaintiff's First Amended Complaint 
Civil RICO Case Statement 
Plaintiff's Answers to Defendant's First Interrogatories 
Correspondence of United States Attorney, Southern District of Florida 
PkiintifEs Supplemental Response to Defendant's First Request to Produce Number 7 
Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's Response in Opposition to Motion to Compel 
Interrogatories 
• 
Multiple police/court records 
Court records o
Phone 1 
Police/court records o 
08/18/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 
08/19/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 
08/20/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 
08/21/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 30 min 
08/22/09 
Review, annotate and highlight reeqrds 
hr 
Total himrS 
201w 30 min 
Rate: $460./Iftinr 
$8,200.00 
Jane Doe #2 
Records reviewed: 
School records 
Various police/court records c.= 
EFTA00727279
--- PAGE 2 ---
Various police/court records onlin. 
Transcript of taped interview with Palm Beach Police Department 
Various police/court records of 
08/28/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 30 min 
08/31/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
Total hours 
Rate: $400/hour 
Jane Doe #3 
Records reviewed: 
Various police reports 
School records 
Transcript of taped interview with police 
lir 10 min 
08/27/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 15 min 
Total hours 
Rate: $400/hour 
Jane Doe #4 
Records reviewed: 
Various police/court records 
School records 
Video of interview with • 
hr l5 min 
$866.60 
mom 
08/27/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
I hr 
09/14/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
Lbx 
Total hours 
hr 
Rate: $400/hour 
$1,600.00 
Jane Doe #5 
Records reviewed: 
School records 
Various police/court records 
08/27/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
Total hours 
Rate: $400/hour 
min 
min 
Jane Doc #6 
Records reviewed: 
Various police/court records 
Various police/court reports o' 
Various police/court recd 
Various police reports o 
School records 
Various police/court records of 
08/27/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 
08/28/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
I hr 30 min 
$100.00 
EFTA00727280
--- PAGE 3 ---
Total hours 
Rate: $400/hour 
Jane Doe #7 
Records reviewed: 
Various police reports of 
Transcript of taped interview withilce 
Various police records of 
hr 30 min 
08/27/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
Total hours 
Rate: $400/hour 
Records reviewed: 
Deposition of Susan Po 
Medical records o 
CV of Susan Pope 
Treatment records of 
Medical records o 
High school records 
Medical records fro 
min 
09/01/09 
Telephone conference with Attorney Pike 
min 
09/01/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 
09/02/09 
Review, annotate and highlight, records 
hr 5 min 
09/07/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
Lb! 
Total hours 
hr 10 min 
Rate: $400/hour 
AMOUNT THIS INVOICE 
OUTSTANDING AMOUNT OF 09/03/09 
TOTAL DUE - 
$1,400.00 
$300.00 
$2.866.60 
$15,833.20 
$ 8 131 20 
$23,964.40 
Net due upon receipt of statement. Overdue accounts beyond 60 days will be subject to a 1.5% finance 
charge per month. 
EFTA00727281

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727282.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727282.pdf
----------------------------------------
FAX TRANSMISSION 
To: 
Pate: 
_I O1a.a 1O1 
Fax if: 
Pages: 
 , including this cover sheet. 
From: 
Subject: 
1/4:N VO% GPiI 
The inforrnailon contained In this faCsimfe transmission is intended only-for the personal 
and confidential use of the recipient named This transmission may be a physician-
patient °samurai:ellen end as WO is privieged and confidential if the reader of this 
message is not the extended recipient or en agent responsible for delivering it to the 
Intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this document in error 
and that anyreview, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this message is strictly 
prohibited if you ?waived Ms fax it) error; please nod& us immediately by telephone and 
retvm the original message to us by met. Thank you. 
rid 
6918-ZU-LOP 
all TRH •3 Nowa 
eZ V0L 60 OZ PO 
EFTA00727282
--- PAGE 2 ---
RICHARD C. W. HALL, M.D., P.A. 
September 3, 2009 
E-mail 
drrichardhall.com 
INVOICE 
TO: 
Burman, Critton, Cuttier & Coleman LLP 
ATTN: Robert Critton, Jr, Esq. 
RE: 
Jane Does and 
v. Epstein 
Please make check payable to: Richard C. W. Hall, M.D., P.A. 
Taxpayer ID #: 
Drs. Han time: 
Jane Doe #2 
Records reviewed: 
Correspondence ofa 
Transcript of John Doe 112 v. Rabbi Yehuda Kolko et al 
Palm Beach Police Department Probable Cause Affidavit 
Billing records of 
08/07/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
08/08/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
08/09/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
Total hours 
min 
Rate: $400/hour 
Jane Doe #3 
Records reviewed: 
Correspondence of 
Transcript of John Doe #2 v. Rabbi Yehuda Kolko et al 
Palm Beach Police Department Probable Cause Affidavit 
Billing records ofinsin 
08/07/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
08/08/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
08/09/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
$333.00 
Total hours 
min 
Rate: $400/hour 
$333.00 
Jane Doe #4 
Records reviewed: 
Correspondence o
69L9-ZZ8-L0P 
OW 'II°H 'O Pistiolti 
EZL:01 60 OZ PO 
EFTA00727283
--- PAGE 3 ---
Transcript of John Doe #2 v. Rabbi Yehuda Kolko et al 
Palm Beach Police De ttment Probable Cause Affidavit 
Billing records o 
08/07/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min
08/08/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
08/09/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
Total hours 
min 
Rate: $400/hour 
$333.00 
Jane Doe #5 
Records reviewed: 
Correspondence ofa 
Transcript of John Doe #2 v. Rabbi Yehuda Kolko et al 
Palm Beach Police De artment Probable Cause Affidavit 
Billing records o 
08/07/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
08/08/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
08/09/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
Total hours 
min 
Rate: $400/hour 
$333.00 
Jane Doe #6 
Records reviewed: 
Correspondence o 
Transcript of John Doe #2 v. Rabbi Yehuda Kolko et al 
Palm Beach Polic 
bable Cause Affidavit 
Billing records o 
08/07/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
08/08/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
08/09/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
Total hours 
min 
Rate: $400/hour 
$333.00 
Jane Doe #7 
Records reviewed: 
Correspondence o 
Transcript of John Doe #2 v. Rabbi Yehuda Kolko et al 
Palm Beach Poli 
bable Cause Affidavit 
Billing records of 
08/07/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
08/08/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
08/09/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
Total hours 
min 
Rate: $400/hour 
$333.00 
69L9-ZZC-LOtb 
OW 'II8H '3 lalel-loN 
BZI.:Ol• 60 OZ PO 
EFTA00727284
--- PAGE 4 ---
Records reviewed: 
First Amended Complaint 
Answers to Interrogatories 
Amended Answer to Interrogatory #13 
Answers to First Request to Produce 
Answers to Expert Interrogatories 
Various police reports 
Photographs 
Various police reports o 
Various police reports o 
Various police reports o 
08/12/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 30 min 
08/13/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 
08/14/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 
08/17/09 
Affidavit preparation 
min 
08/17/09 
Telephone conversations with Attorney Pike 
min 
Total hours 
Rate: $400/hour 
hr 20 min 
AMOUNT THIS INVOICE 
OUTSTANDING AMOUNT OF 08/07/09 
TOTAL DUE - 
$6.133.20 
Net due upon receipt of statement. Overdue accounts beyond 60 days will be subject to a 1.5% finance 
charge per month. 
fed 
69L8-ZZ€`L04 
pW IlEtH '3 Piatiolli 
na:OL 60 03 PO 
EFTA00727285
--- PAGE 5 ---
ICHARD C. W. HALL, M.D., P.A. 
met: 
drrichardhall.com 
September 28, 2009 
INVOICE 
TO: 
Burman, Critton, Cuttier & Coleman LLP 
ATTN: Robert Critton, Jr, Esq. 
RE: 
Jane Does and illy. 
Epstein 
Please make check payable to: 
Richard C. W. Hall, M.D., P.A. 
Taxpayer ID #: 
Drs. Hall's time: 
Jane Doe 
Records reviewed: 
Plaintiff's First Amended Complaint 
Civil RICO Case Statement 
Plaintiff's Answers to Defendant's First Interrogatories 
Correspondence of United States Attorney, Southern District of Florida 
Plaintiff's Supplemental Response to Defendant's First Request to Produce Number 7 
Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's Response in Opposition to Motion to Compel 
Interrogatories 
Multiple police/ 
• 
Court records o 
Phone log 
School records of he School District of Palm Beach County 
Medical records o 
Employment recor s 
Medical records fro 
Police/court records of 
08/18/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 
08/19/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
I hr 
08/20/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 
08/21/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 30 min 
08/22/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
Total hours 
hr 30 min 
Rate: $400/hour 
$8,200.00 
Jane Doe #2 
Records reviewed: 
School records 
Various police/court records dia.' 
g-d 
IS-ZZE-L0tt 
ON 'PH '0 PietiOW 
Bet:0L 60 OZ PO 
EFTA00727286
--- PAGE 6 ---
Various police/court records on. 
Transcript of taped interview with Palm Beach Police Department 
Various police/court records of 
08/28/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
I hr 30 min 
08/31/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
Total hours 
hr I 0 min 
Rate: $400/hour 
$866.60 
Jane Doe #3 
Records reviewed: 
Various police reports 
School records 
Transcript of taped interview with police 
08/27/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 15 min 
Total hours 
I hr IS min 
Rate: $400/hour 
$500.00 
Jane Doe #4 
Records reviewed: 
Various police/court records 
School records 
Video of interview witf♦ 
08/27/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
I hr 
09/14/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 
Total hours 
hr 
Rate: $400/hour 
Jane Doe #5 
Records reviewed: 
School records 
Various police/court records 
08/27/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
min 
$1,600.00 
Total hours 
min 
Rate: $400/hour 
$100.00 
Jane Doe #16 
Records reviewed: 
Various police/court records 
Various police/court reports of 
Various police/court record 
Various police reports of 
School records 
Various police/court records of 
08/27/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
08/28/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 
I hr 30 min 
9•d 
I.9-Z.Z£-LOtr 
OW 'll#H '0 PRIP!el 
EL: 0 60 OZ PO 
EFTA00727287
--- PAGE 7 ---
Total hours 
hr 30 min 
Rate: $400/hour 
$1,400.00 
Jane Doe tit7 
Records reviewed: 
Various police reports of 
Transcript of taped interview with
Various police records oft_( 
08/27/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
45*min 
Total hours 
min 
Rate: S400/hour 
$300.00 
Records reviewed: 
Deposition of Sus 
Medical records o 
CV of Susan Pope 
Treatment records 
Medical records o 
High school records 
Medical records from 
09/01/09 
Telephone conference with Attorney Pike 
min 
09/01109 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 
09/02/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 5 min 
09/07/09 
Review, annotate and highlight records 
hr 
Total hours 
hr 10 min 
Rate: $400/hour 
$2,866.60
AMOUNT THIS INVOICE 
515,833.20 
OUTSTANDING AMOUNT OF 09/03/09 
S 8.131.20 
TOTAL DUE - 
$23,964.40 
Net due upon receipt of statement. Overdue accounts beyond 60 days will be subject to a 1.5% finance 
charge per month. 
Ed 
691.13-ZZC-L017 
OW 'IleH 
Ple40!bl 
13£1:01. 60 OZ PO 
EFTA00727288

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727289.pdf
----------------------------------------
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 
individually, and Jeffrey Epstein, individually (jointly referred to as 
"Parties"), enter into this Settlement Agreement and General Release ("Settlement 
Agreement") in order to resolve the pending litigation between them as follows: 
1. 
Dismissal. The Parties agree to immediately dismiss the pending lawsuit 
presently styled Jane Doe No. 103 
vs. Jeffrey Epstein, Case No. 10-80309-CIV-
Marraal 
(Southern District of Florida), with prejudice upon payment and clearance 
of the settlement amount; however, the Court will be asked to retain jurisdiction to enforce 
the terms of this Settlement Agreement. 
2. 
General Release. 
and her agent(s), attomey(s), 
predecessor(s), successor(s), heir(s), administrator(s), and/or assign(s) (hereinafter, "First 
Parties"), for and in consideration of the sum of Four Hundred Thousand Dollars 
($400,000.00) and other valuable consideration, received from or on behalf of Jeffrey 
Epstein and 
his agent(s), attomey(s), predecessor(s), successor(s), heir(s), 
administrator(s), assign(s) and/or employee(s) (hereinafter, "Second Parties"), the receipt 
whereof is hereby acknowledged, 
HEREBY remise, release, acquit, satisfy, and forever discharge the said Second 
Parties and any other person or entity who could have been included as a potential 
defendant ("Other Potential Defendants") from all, and all manner of, action and actions of 
M, including State or Federal, cause and causes of action (common law or 
statutory), suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, 
EFTA00727289
--- PAGE 2 ---
specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, variances, 
trespasses, damages, judgments, executions, claims, and demands whatsoever in law or 
in equity for compensatory or punitive damages that said First Parties ever had or now 
have, or that any personal representative, successor, heir, or assign of said First Parties 
hereafter can, shall, or may have, against Jeffrey Epstein, or Other Potential Defendants 
for, upon, or by reason of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever (whether known or 
unknown), from the beginning of the world to the day of this release. The issue of amount 
of attorneys' fees and costs is specifically addressed in Paragraph 8, Attorneys' Fees and 
Costs. 
It is further agreed that this Settlement Agreement represents a final resolution of a 
disputed claim and is intended to avoid litigation. This Settlement Agreement shall not be 
construed to be an admission of liability or fault by any party. Additionally, as a material 
consideration in settling, First Parties and Second Parties agree that the terms of this 
Settlement Agreement are not intended to be used by any other person nor be admissible 
in any proceeding or case against or involving Jeffrey Epstein, either civil or criminal. 
First and Second Parties further stipulate and agree that this Settlement Agreement 
is pursuant to and is in fulfillment of Jeffrey Epstein's obligations to 
exclusive of attorneys' fees and costs, pursuant to and in conformity with the Non-
Prosecution Agreement, its Addendum, and its Affirmation (collectively, the "NPA"), 
between Jeffrey Epstein and the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida. 
First and Second Parties further stipulate and agree that this Settlement Agreement 
should not in any way be construed as an admission by Jeffrey Epstein that he violated any 
EFTA00727290
--- PAGE 3 ---
federal statute that constitutes a predicate fora damage claim under 18 U.S.C. § 2255 or 
an admission that he violated any other federal or state statute. 
3. 
Payment. Payment of the settlement funds has been made to 
attorneys' trust account, but may not be released until this Settlement Agreement 
has been executed and the case is dismissed with prejudice. 
4. 
Reciprocal Confidentiality. The Parties agree that the amount of this 
settlement shall be kept strictly confidential and shall not be disclosed at any time to any 
third party, except: (a) immediate family members of the Parties (whose identities must be 
provided as "Eyes Only" to 
D. Critton, Jr. for Jeffrey Epstein's disclosures, and to 
Josefsberg or Katherine Ezell for 
disclosures, in a sealed envelope 
to be opened only if a third party is alleged to have breached this provision); (b) to the 
extent required by law or rule; (c) to the extent necessary in connection with medical 
treatment, legal, financial, accounting or tax services, or appropriate tax reporting purposes 
(only if necessary); (d) In the event that all or part of the proceeds of this settlement are to 
be placed in trust for 
•, 
to the trustee(s) of such trust; or (e) in response to a 
validly issued subpoena from a governmental or regulatory agency. Any third party who is 
advised of the settlement amount must sign a document acknowledging that such third 
party is aware of this confidentiality provision and is bound by it, Including the provisions 
contained in this Settlement Agreement relating to the enforcement of this confidentiality 
provision. The Parties further agree that the Parties shall not provide any copy, in whole or 
in part, or in any form, of this Settlement Agreement to any third party, except to the extent 
required by law or rule or in response to a validly issued subpoena from a governmental or 
EFTA00727291
--- PAGE 4 ---
regulatory agency. Moreover, neither this Settlement Agreement, nor any copy hereof, nor 
the terms hereof shall be used or disclosed in any court, arbitration, or other legal 
proceedings, except to enforce the provisions of this Settlement Agreement. If any of the 
Parties are served with a valid subpoena, court order, government agency order or 
subpoena, or other compulsory legal process, pursuant to which disclosure of this 
Settlement Agreement, the settlement amount, or other terms hereof is requested, or 
production of the Settlement Agreement is requested, the Party so served shall give 
counsel for the other Party notice thereof within five (5) days of such service and, prior to 
making any such disclosure, shall give counsel to such other Party at least ten (10) days to 
commence necessary proceedings to obtain a court order preventing, limiting, or otherwise 
restricting such disclosure. 
5. 
Anonymity. Second Parties shall not release 
identity, 
name, or physical depiction, or otherwise identify 
absent 
express written waiver of her right to anonymity, outside of ongoing or future litigation-
related or claim-related matters. First Parties acknowledge that Second Parties have no 
control over what other plaintiffs' attorneys, witnesses' attorneys, or witnesses may do or 
disclose in other cases regarding depositions and discovery. Second Parties may be 
required to subpoena and depose 
and call her at trial(s). Except as 
provided in this Settlement Agreement, nothing shall prohibit Second Parties from 
conducting Jeffrey Epstein's defense, investigation, and trial(s) as his lawyers deem 
appropriate. 
Josefsberg and Katherine Ezell are hereby deemed to have full 
authority to accept a subpoena from Second Parties on 
behalf, so that 
EFTA00727292
--- PAGE 5 ---
Second Parties are not in violation of the terms of Paragraph 6 No Contact. 
6. 
No Contact. Jeffrey Epstein agrees to continue to abide by Judge Marra's 
July 31, 2009 No Contact Order or any modification of same by the Court, so long as First 
Parties are given notice of any such modification and an opportunity to address this matter 
before the Court. 
7. 
Enforcement. This Settlement Agreement shall be governed by the laws of 
the State of Florida. In the event of litigation arising out of a dispute over the interpretation 
of this Settlement Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its cost of 
litigation, including attorneys' fees and other reasonable costs of litigation. Should the 
federal court not retain jurisdiction, the Parties (and any third party) agree that the courts of 
the 15th Judicial Circuit of Palm Beach County shall have exclusive jurisdiction over the 
subject matter and shall have personal jurisdiction over the Parties (and third parties). In 
the event of an enforcement matter, the First Parties (and any third party family member) 
agree that 
Josefsberg or Katherine Ezell is authorized to accept service for them, 
and 
D. Critton, Jr. is authorized to accept service for Jeffrey Epstein. 
First and Second Parties expressly acknowledge and agree that, if either First or 
Second Parties allege that a breach of the confidentiality provision has occurred, or if First 
Parties allege that a breach of the anonymity or no contact provision has occurred, the 
aggrieved First or Second Parties may seek an appropriate remedy with the Court. If the 
Court finds a breach of the confidentiality, anonymity, or no contact provision set forth 
above, the Court shall determine the amount of the award. Equitable remedies are not 
relinquished by virtue of this provision; nor does either Party relinquish the right to pursue 
EFTA00727293
--- PAGE 6 ---
any other legal or equitable damages to which (s)he may be entitled as a result of the other 
Party's breach, including, but not limited to, prevailing party costs, to include attorneys' 
fees. 
8. 
Attorneys' Fees and Costs. This settlement does not include any amounts 
for attorneys' fees or costs. 
■agrees that any claims by her for attorneys' 
fees or costs is to be made solely through her attorneys. 
9. 
Miscellaneous.
a. The Parties further confirm and acknowledge that this Settlement 
Agreement is being entered into without any duress or undue influence, 
and that they have had a full and complete opportunity to discuss the 
terms of the Settlement Agreement with their own attorneys. 
■ 
agrees that it is her obligation to pay any outstanding bills 
relating to this matter from all health care providers, satisfy any health 
care provider obligations arising out of the injuries underlying her claim, 
and hold Second Parties harmless from same. This provision does not 
include health care evaluations, If any, which are costs that have been 
paid for by her attorneys. These costs will be subject to reimbursement 
by the Second Parties, to the extent that they are for evaluation and not 
treatment. If the Parties do not agree as to the costs of the health care 
evaluations, Plaintiffs attorneys may make a claim in the appropriate 
forum to determine whether those costs are reasonable. 
EFTA00727294
--- PAGE 7 ---
c. This Settlement Agreement was negotiated and entered into by the 
Parties with the advice and assistance of respective counsel. 
d. This Settlement Agreement may be executed by the Parties in 
counterparts on separate signature pages. 
e. The Parties and their counsel will cooperate to execute the necessary 
paperwork and court filings to carry out the terms of this Settlement 
Agreement. 
It is so agreed. 
EFTA00727295
--- PAGE 8 ---
STATE OF et 5-itt 
COUNTY OF  Le-crt_ 
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, personally appeared EMIMI,_ who 
is personally known to me or has produced  OS P0 
C 
 , as identification, and 
executed the foregoing instrument. 
WITNESS my hand and official seal this  13  day of  MA 
 , 2010. 
eanwiliaatemarahmillaasaislioaria 
''' 
MECHEL LANIER 
..., 
V.,:. Omar/ Public - Slate of Raids 
.S. Ws Comeasaton ExpUee MayS.2011 
I 
ATI 
Cortmisaton I DO 121430 
"4, ' ontk•,' 
Bonded Throup Notting Notary/sta. 
04"terrnterraP
me at^arnqa 
Print Name: 
Commission No.:  
My Commission Expires: 
EFTA00727296
--- PAGE 9 ---
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH 
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authori ,personally appeared Jeffrey Epstein who 
/ 
is personally known to me or has produced  no4a§y flack', as identification, and 
executed the foregoing instrument. 
WITNESS my hand and official seal this /g 
 day of  
4fy 
 , 2010. 
JESSCACarELL 
MY COMMISSION t DD8S3S29 
EXPIRES: AM 19, 2019 
Baia! Thru May Pabk UrCermin 
glary Public 
rint Name: 715,5/rea_ L2:2 doe (1 
Commission No.:  (/),*) 
My Commission Expires: 4-7/97:00/ 3 
EFTA00727297
--- PAGE 10 ---
For Any Notice Provision: 
1. For 
U 
2. For Jeffrey Epstein 
D. Critton, Jr., Esq. 
Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman, LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 561-842-2820 
Fax: 
561-253-0164 
or 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Phone: 561-659-8300 
Fax: 
561-835-8691 
EFTA00727298

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727299.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
;Mat 
HARVARD UNIVEI2SITY 
Falconwood Foundation, lnc. 
Dr. Stanley A. Lefkowitz 
Gramercy Park South 
New York, NY 10003 
c 
1/4
K Cc ye-to 
September 22, 2010 
Falconwood Foundation, Inc.: 
On behalf of the President and Fellows of Harvard College, I thank you for your generosity and 
acknowledge the following contribution(s). 
A confidential check/cash contribution of $500,000.00 was received on September 9, 2010. Per your 
request, this has been distributed as follows: 
$500,000.00 to Faculty of Arts & Sciences for the Evolution Dynamics 
No goods or services were provided in consideration for this contribution. 
Your support of Harvard is greatly appreciated. 
*Please retain this document for your tax records* 
Receipt 1DN: 0005517745 
• 
Sincerely yours, 
9(3/4 tAsz A-LitAr-
Denise A. Gorayeb 
Recording Secretary 
t: 617.495.1750 • f: 617.496.8608 • 124 Mount Auburn Street • Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138.5795 
EFTA00727299

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727300.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727300.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
143 Concord Avenue 
Lexington, Massachusetts 02421, USA 
Voice: 
Fax: 781- 860-7706 
e-mail: 
121" of November 2009 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
358 El Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
Dear Jeffrey, 
LSJ Hammam, USVI 
Transmitted by email 
Please find attached an accounting for design consultancy services for October 2009 — the 
time sheet for Andrew Levy is attached. 
Hasan Khan 
Andrew Levy 
Total: 5 hours @ $ 250/hour 
Total: 106 hours @ $ 40/hour 
$ 1,250.00 
$ 4,240.00 
Total Fees: 
$ 5,490.00 
Amount due for September: $ 5,220.00 
Amount due for October: 
$ 5.490.00 
TOTAL DUE: $ 10.710.00 
Please settle by bank transfer, as per usual. 
Thanks and regards, 
Hasan 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
Attachment: AL time sheet 
EFTA00727300
--- PAGE 2 ---
sHasan-Uddin Khan 
143 Concord Avenue 
Lexington, Massachusetts 02421, USA 
Voice: 
Fax: 781- 860-7706 
e-mail: 
22nd of October 2009 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
358 El Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
Dear Jeffrey, 
LSJ Hammam, USVI 
Transmitted by email 
Please find attached an accounting for design consultancy services for September 2009 —
time sheets for Andrew Levy and myself are attached. 
Hasan Khan 
Andrew Levy 
Total: 10 hours @ $ 250/hour 
Total: 68 hours @ $ 40/hour 
Total Fees: 
Amount due for September: $ 5,220.00 
Please settle by bank transfer, as previously. 
Thanks and kind regards, 
Hasan 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
Encs. 
$ 2,500.00 
$ 2,720.00 
$ 5,220.00 
EFTA00727301
--- PAGE 3 ---
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
INVOICE for SERVICES 
For 1 - 30 September 2009 
LSJ Hammam Schematic Design, USVI 
PROFESSIONAL FEES 
Week 1. Sep 1-6 
Total: 1 hour 
$ 
250.00 
Week 2. Sep 7-13 
Total: 5 hours 
$ 
1,250.00 
Week 3 & 4. Sep 14-27 
Total: 2 hours 
$ 
500.00 
Week 5. Sep 28-30 
Total: 2 hours 
$ 
500.00 
Total: 10 hours 
$ 
2,500.00 
Hasanuddi nKhan 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
22nd October 2009 
EFTA00727302

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727303.pdf
----------------------------------------
HAZARD INSURANCE DISCLOSURE 
BORROWER: 
LENDER: 
PREFERRED BANK 
601 S. Figueroa Street, 29th Floor 
Los Angeles, California 90017 
Hazard Insurance Disclosure 
Made Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 2955.5 
IMPORTANT 
DO NOT SIGN THIS FORM UNTIL YOU CAREFULLY 
READ IT AND UNDERSTAND ITS CONTENT 
Borrower has applied for a loan or credit accommodation that will be secured by real property. 
As a condition of the loan or credit accommodation, Lender may require Borrower to maintain 
hazard insurance coverage for the real property. California law provides that Lender cannot 
require Borrower, as a condition of receiving or maintaining a loan secured by real property, to 
provide hazard insurance coverage against risks to the property (such as fire and other perils) in 
an amount exceeding the replacement value of the building or structures attached to the property. 
BY SIGNING BELOW, BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS READ AND 
RECEIVED, AND UNDERSTANDS THIS HAZARD INSURANCE DISCLOSURE. 
THIS HAZARD INSURANCE DISCLOSURE IS DATED SEPTEMBER 
2010. 
Borrower: 
a 
By: 
Name: 
Its: 
743713.1 
EFTA00727303

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727304.pdf
----------------------------------------
HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES INDEMNITY AGREEMENT 
THIS HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES INDEMNITY AGREEMENT ("Hazardous 
Agreement") is made as of September 
2010, by 
("Indemnitor"), for the benefit of PREFERRED BANK, a California banking corporation 
("Lender"). 
RECITALS 
WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the execution of this Hazardous 
Agreement, Indemnitor, as maker, has executed and delivered to Lender, as payee, its 
Promissory Note (the "Note") in the principal face amount of Eighteen Million and 
No/I00 Dollars ($18,000,000.00) or so much thereof as may be advanced from time to 
time, in evidence of the loan (the "Loan") made this date by Lender to Indemnitor; and 
WHEREAS, the Loan is secured in part by Indemnitor's interest in and to the real 
property (the "Mortgaged Property") described in Exhibit "A" attached hereto and made 
a part hereof; and 
WHEREAS, Lender has required, as a condition of funding the Loan, that 
Indemnitor indemnify and hold Lender harmless against and from certain obligations for 
which Lender may incur liability, whether as beneficiary of the Deed of Trust (as 
hereinafter defined), mortgagee in possession, or by foreclosure, by reason of the threat 
or presence of any hazardous substance at or near the Mortgaged Property. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, 
Indemnitor, intending to be legally bound, hereby agrees as follows: 
1. 
RECITALS. The foregoing recitals are incorporated into this Hazardous 
Agreement by this reference. 
2. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 
2.1 
Except as provided in Exhibit "B", Indemnitor represents and warrants 
that (i) Indemnitor has no knowledge of any deposit, storage, disposal, 
burial, discharge, spillage, uncontrolled loss, seepage or filtration of oil, 
petroleum or chemical liquids or solids, liquid or gaseous products or any 
hazardous wastes or hazardous substances (collectively, "Hazardous 
Substances"), as those terms are used in the Comprehensive 
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 or in 
any other state or local law governing hazardous substances, as such laws 
may be amended from time to time (collectively, the "Hazardous Waste 
Laws"), at, upon, under or within the Mortgaged Property or any 
contiguous real estate, in violation of the Hazardous Waste Laws, and (ii) 
Indemnitor has not caused or permitted to occur, and shall not permit to 
743696.1 
EFTA00727304
--- PAGE 2 ---
exist, any condition which may cause a discharge of any Hazardous 
Substances at, upon, under or within the Mortgaged Property. The term 
"Hazardous Substances" means and includes: 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
those substances included within the definitions of "hazardous 
substances", "hazardous materials", "toxic substances", or "solid 
waste" pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, 
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 
Section 9601, et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery 
Act of 1976, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., the 
Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, as amended, 49 U.S.C. 
Section 1981, et seq., and the regulations promulgated pursuant to 
said laws; 
those substances defined as "hazardous wastes" in Section 25117 
of the California Health and Safety Code or as "hazardous 
substances" in Section 25316 of the California Health and Safety 
Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder; 
those substances listed in the United States Department of 
Transportation Table (49 CFR 172.101 and amendments thereto) 
or by the United States Environmental Protection Agency as 
hazardous substances (40 CFR Part 302 and amendments thereto); 
and 
(d) 
such other substances, materials and wastes which are or become 
regulated or which are classified as hazardous or toxic under 
federal, state, or local laws, statutes, ordinances or regulations. 
2.2 
Indemnitor further represents and warrants that (i) neither Indemnitor, nor 
to the best of Indemnitor's knowledge, any other party has been, is or will 
be involved in operations at or near the Mortgaged Property which 
operations could lead to (A) the imposition of liability on Indemnitor, or, 
to the best of Indemnitor's knowledge, on any subsequent or former owner 
of the Mortgaged Property or (B) the creation of a lien on the Mortgaged 
Property under the Hazardous Waste Laws or under any similar laws or 
regulations; and (ii) Indemnitor has not permitted, and will not permit, any 
tenant or occupant of the Mortgaged Property to engage in any activity 
that could impose liability under the Hazardous Waste Laws on such 
tenant or occupant, on Indemnitor or on any other owner of any of the 
Mortgaged Property. 
3. 
COVENANTS.
3.1 
Indemnitor shall comply strictly and in all respects with the requirements 
of the Hazardous Waste Laws and related regulations and with all similar 
laws and regulations and shall notify Lender immediately in the event of 
743696.1 
EFTA00727305
--- PAGE 3 ---
any discharge or discovery of any Hazardous Substance at, upon, under or 
within the Mortgaged Property. Indemnitor shall promptly forward to 
Lender copies of all orders, notices, permits, applications or other 
communications and reports in connection with any discharge or the 
presence of any Hazardous Substance (the "Environmental Reports") or 
any other matters relating to the Hazardous Waste Laws or any similar 
laws or regulations, as they may affect the Mortgaged Property. 
3.2 
Promptly upon the written request of Lender, Indemnitor shall provide 
Lender, at Indemnitor's expense, with an environmental site assessment or 
environmental audit report prepared by an environmental engineering firm 
acceptable to Lender, to assess with a reasonable degree of certainty the 
presence or absence of any Hazardous Substances and the potential costs 
in connection with abatement, cleanup or removal of any Hazardous 
Substances found on, under, at or within the Mortgaged Property. 
3.3 
Indemnitor shall deliver to Lender such affidavits, reports, certificates or 
other written instruments as may be requested by Lender, in Lender's sole 
and absolute opinion and judgment, pertaining to Indemnitor's compliance 
with this Hazardous Agreement. Additionally, Lender and Lender's agents 
shall have the right at all times to enter upon the Mortgaged Property to 
determine for itself Indemnitor's compliance with this Hazardous 
Agreement; provided, however, Lender may conclusively assume that the 
statements, facts, information, and representations contained herein and/or 
in any affidavits, orders, receipts, or other written instruments that are 
filed with Lender or exhibited to it, are true and correct and Lender may 
rely thereon without any investigation or inquiry; and provided further, 
that by accepting or approving anything required to be observed, 
performed, fulfilled, or given to Lender pursuant to this Hazardous 
Agreement, Lender shall not be deemed to have warranted or represented 
the sufficiency, legality, effectiveness or legal effect of the same, with any 
term, provision, or condition thereof, and such acceptance or approval 
thereof shall not be or constitute any warranty or representation to anyone 
with respect thereto by Lender. 
3.4 
Promptly and, in any event, within the time required by law, upon 
discovery of a Hazardous Substance in, on or under the Mortgaged 
Property, the existence of which substance is required to be reported 
pursuant to federal, state or local laws, or the regulations promulgated 
thereunder, Indemnitor will make such report. 
4. 
INDEMNITY.
4.1 
Indemnitor does and shall at all times indemnify and hold harmless Lender 
against and from any and all claims, liability, suits, actions, debts, 
damages, costs, losses, obligations, judgments, charges, and expenses, of 
any nature whatsoever suffered or incurred by Lender, whether as 
743696.1 
EFTA00727306
--- PAGE 4 ---
beneficiary of the Deed of Trust, mortgagee in possession, or as successor-
in-interest to Indemnitor by foreclosure deed or deed in lieu of foreclosure, 
under or on account of the Hazardous Waste Laws or any similar laws or 
regulations, including the assertion of any lien thereunder, with respect to: 
(a) 
any discharge of Hazardous Substances, the threat of a discharge 
of any Hazardous Substances, or the presence of any Hazardous 
Substances affecting the Mortgaged Property whether or not the 
same originates or emanates from the Mortgaged Property or any 
contiguous real estate including any loss of value of the Mortgaged 
Property as a result of any of the foregoing; 
any costs of removal or remedial action incurred by the United 
States Government or any costs incurred by any other person or 
damages from injury to, destruction of, or loss of natural resources, 
including costs of assessing such injury, destruction or loss 
incurred pursuant to any Hazardous Waste Laws; 
liability for personal injury or property damage arising under any 
statutory or common law tort theory, including, without limitation, 
damages assessed for the maintenance of a public or private 
nuisance or for the carrying on of an abnormally dangerous activity 
at or near the Mortgaged Property; 
(d) 
any other environmental matter affecting the Mortgaged Property 
within the jurisdiction of the Environmental Protection Agency, 
any other federal agency, or any state or local environmental 
agency; and/or 
(b) 
(c) 
(e) 
any failure to report the existence of a Hazardous Substance in, on 
or under the Mortgaged Property to the appropriate governmental 
agency(s). 
Indemnitor's obligations under this Hazardous Agreement shall arise upon 
the discovery of the presence of any Hazardous Substance, whether or not 
the Environmental Protection Agency, any other federal agency, or any 
state or local environmental agency has taken or threatened any action in 
connection with the presence of any Hazardous Substances. 
4.2 
In the event of any discharge of Hazardous Substances, the threat of a 
discharge of any Hazardous Substances, or the presence of any Hazardous 
Substances affecting the Mortgaged Property whether or not the same 
originates or emanates from the Mortgaged Property or any contiguous 
real estate, and/or if Indemnitor shall fail to comply with any of the 
requirements of the Hazardous Waste Laws or related regulations or any 
other environmental law or regulation, Lender may at its election, but 
without the obligation so to do, give such notices and/or cause such work 
743696.1 
EFTA00727307
--- PAGE 5 ---
to be performed at the Mortgaged Property and/or take any and all other 
actions as Lender shall deem necessary or advisable in order to abate the 
discharge of any Hazardous Substance, remove the Hazardous Substance 
or cure Indemnitor's noncompliance. 
4.3 
Indemnitor acknowledges that Lender has agreed to make the Loan in 
reliance upon Indemnitor's representations, warranties and covenants in 
this Hazardous Agreement. For this reason, it is the intention of 
Indemnitor and Lender that the provisions of this Hazardous Agreement 
shall supersede any provisions in any and all documents evidencing the 
Loan (the "Loan Documents") which in any way limit the personal 
liability of Indemnitor and that Indemnitor shall be personally liable for 
any obligations arising under this Hazardous Agreement even if the 
amount of liability exceeds the Loan and that this Hazardous Agreement 
shall survive the repayment of the Note and/or the release of the lien of the 
deed of trust, which is one of the Loan Documents (the "Deed of Trust") 
from the Mortgaged Property and shall survive the transfer of any or all 
right, title and interest in and to the Mortgaged Property by Indemnitor to 
any party, whether or not affiliated with Indemnitor. 
5. 
HAZARDOUS AGREEMENT NOT SECURED BY DEED OF TRUST. 
The obligations of Indemnitor under this Hazardous Agreement shall not be 
secured by the Deed of Trust or any other documents and instruments executed in 
connection with the Loan, and shall not be subject to California Code of Civil 
Procedure Sections 580a, 580d, 726 or any other antideficiency laws. The 
representations and warranties made herein are intended by Indemnitor to be such 
that should any such representation or warranty be false or misleading, such 
would be actionable under California Civil Code Section 1572 and California 
Financial Code Sections 779 and 7460 and any statute of similar tenor. 
Indemnitor's obligations under this Hazardous Agreement shall survive the 
repayment of Indemnitor's obligations owing to Lender under the Loan and the 
termination of the lien of the Deed of Trust. 
This agreement to defend, indemnify, protect, save and hold harmless shall be in 
addition to any other obligations or liability that Indemnitor may have to Lender 
at common law or by statute, or othenvise, and shall survive Lender's transfer of 
title to the Mortgaged Property. In particular, this Hazardous Agreement is 
intended to be cumulative of any rights of Lender under California Code of Civil 
Procedure Sections 564, 726.5 and 736 and under California Civil Code Section 
2929.5. Indemnitor hereby waives any restrictions or limitations which such 
statutes may impose on Indemnitor's liability or Lender's rights or remedies 
under this Hazardous Agreement. Indemnitor expressly agrees that this indemnity 
is not personal to Lender, and that the benefits under this Hazardous Agreement 
may be assigned to subsequent parties in interest, including any purchaser of the 
Mortgaged Property from Lender, and any such party in interest may proceed 
directly against Indemnitor to recover pursuant to this Hazardous Agreement. 
7436%.1 
EFTA00727308
--- PAGE 6 ---
6. 
ATTORNEYS' FEES. If Lender, or someone on Lender's behalf, retains the 
services of any attorney in connection with the subject of indemnity herein, 
Indemnitor shall pay Lender costs and attorneys' fees thereby incurred. Lender 
may employ an attorney of Lender's own choice. 
7. 
INTEREST. In the event that Lender incurs any obligations, costs or expenses 
under this Hazardous Agreement, Indemnitor shall pay Lender immediately on 
demand, and if such payment is not received within ten (10) days, interest on such 
amount shall, after expiration of the ten (10) day period, accrue at the Default 
Rate of interest (as defined in the Note) until such amount, plus interest, is paid in 
full. 
8. 
JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY. In the event that this Hazardous 
Agreement is executed by more than one party as Indemnitor, the liability of such 
parties is joint and several. Indemnitor's obligation hereunder are joint and several 
with any other person now or hereafter obligated under the Loan Documents. A 
separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against Indemnitor, 
whether or not action is brought against any other person or whether or not any 
other person is joined in such action or actions. 
9. 
CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. Indemnitor consents to the exercise of 
personal jurisdiction over Indemnitor by any federal or state court in the State of 
California and consents to the laying of venue in any jurisdiction or locality in the 
State of California. 
10. 
NOTICE. All notices, demands, requests and other communications required 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been properly given if 
personally delivered or sent by United States certified or registered mail, return 
receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the party for whom it is intended 
at its address hereinafter set forth: 
If to 
Attention: 
If to Lender: PREFERRED BANK 
601 S. Figueroa Street, 29th Floor 
Los Angeles, California 90017 
Attention: Joann Gaspard 
Manager, Note Department 
Notice shall be deemed given upon receipt. Any party may designate a change of 
address by written notice to the others, given at least ten (10) days before such 
change of address is to become effective. 
7436%.1 
EFTA00727309
--- PAGE 7 ---
11. 
WAIVERS. The failure of Lender to insist upon strict compliance with any of 
the terms hereof shall not be considered to be a waiver of any such terms, nor 
shall it prevent Lender from insisting upon strict compliance with this Hazardous 
Agreement at any time thereafter. 
12. 
SEVERABILITY. If any clause or provision herein contained operates or would 
prospectively operate to invalidate this Hazardous Agreement in whole or in part, 
then such clause or provision shall be held for naught as though not contained 
herein, and the remainder of this Hazardous Agreement shall remain operative 
and in full force and effect. 
13. 
INCONSISTENCIES AMONG THE LOAN DOCUMENTS. Nothing 
contained herein is intended to modify in any way the obligations of Indemnitor 
under the Note, the Deed of Trust or any other Loan Documents. Any 
inconsistencies among the Loan Documents shall be construed, interpreted and 
resolved so as to benefit Lender, and Lender's election of which interpretation or 
construction is for Lender's benefit shall govern. 
14. 
SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. Indemnitor may not assign this Hazardous 
Agreement without the written consent of Lender. In the event Lender consents to 
an assignment of this Hazardous Agreement, this Hazardous Agreement shall be 
binding upon Indemnitor's successors, assigns, heirs, personal representatives and 
estate and shall inure to the benefit of Lender and its successors and assigns. 
15. 
CONTROLLING LAWS. This Hazardous Agreement shall be governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California. 
16. 
OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER NOT RELATED TO NOTE. The 
obligations of Indemnitor hereunder are not related to the amount of the Note but 
only to the liability, expenses and costs covered by this Hazardous Agreement. 
17. 
WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY: JUDICIAL REFERENCE IN 
THE EVENT OF JURY TRIAL WAIVER UNENFORCEABILITY. 
INDEMNITOR HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY 
JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION 
(1) ARISING UNDER THIS HAZARDOUS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER 
INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR 
DELIVERED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, OR (2) IN ANY WAY 
CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS 
OF INDEMNITOR HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THIS 
HAZARDOUS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, 
DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN 
CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO 
OR THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR 
HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT OR 
TORT OR OTHERWISE; AND INDEMNITOR HEREBY AGREES AND 
CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF 
743696.1 
EFTA00727310
--- PAGE 8 ---
ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. 
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING TO THE CONTRARY, IN THE 
EVENT THAT THE JURY TRIAL WAIVER CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL 
BE HELD OR DEEMED TO BE UNENFORCEABLE, INDEMNITOR 
HERETO HEREBY EXPRESSLY AGREES TO SUBMIT TO JUDICIAL 
REFERENCE ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION 
ARISING HEREUNDER FOR WHICH A JURY TRIAL WOULD 
OTHERWISE BE APPLICABLE OR AVAILABLE. PURSUANT TO SUCH 
JUDICIAL REFERENCE, INDEMNITOR AGREE TO THE APPOINTMENT 
OF A SINGLE REFEREE AND SHALL USE THEIR BEST EFFORTS TO 
AGREE ON THE SELECTION OF A REFEREE. IF INDEMNITOR IS 
UNABLE TO AGREE ON A SINGLE REFEREE, A REFEREE SHALL BE 
APPOINTED BY THE COURT TO HEAR ANY DISPUTES HEREUNDER IN 
LIEU OF ANY SUCH JURY TRIAL. INDEMNITOR ACKNOWLEDGES 
AND AGREES THAT THE APPOINTED REFEREE SHALL HAVE THE 
POWER TO DECIDE ALL ISSUES IN THE APPLICABLE ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING, WHETHER OF FACT OR LAW, AND SHALL REPORT A 
STATEMENT OF DECISION THEREON; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT 
ANY MATTERS WHICH WOULD NOT OTHERWISE BE THE SUBJECT OF 
A JURY TRIAL WILL BE UNAFFECTED BY THIS WAIVER AND THE 
AGREEMENTS CONTAINED HEREIN. INDEMNITOR HERETO HEREBY 
AGREES THAT THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED HEREIN HAVE BEEN 
FAIRLY NEGOTIATED ON AN ARM'S-LENGTH BASIS, WITH BOTH 
SIDES AGREEING TO THE SAME KNOWINGLY AND BEING AFFORDED 
THE OPPORTUNITY TO HAVE THEIR RESPECTIVE LEGAL COUNSEL 
CONSENT TO THE MATTERS CONTAINED HEREIN. ANY PARTY TO 
THIS HAZARDOUS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL 
COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT AS 
WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF S HERETO TO THE WAIVER 
OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AND THE AGREEMENTS 
CONTAINED HEREIN REGARDING THE APPLICATION OF JUDICIAL 
REFERENCE IN THE EVENT OF THE INVALIDITY OF SUCH JURY TRIAL 
WAIVER. 
Indemnitor has initialed this Section 17 to further indicate its awareness and 
acceptance of each and every provision hereof. 
Indemnitor's Initials 
[Signature page to follow.] 
743696.1 
EFTA00727311
--- PAGE 9 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Indemnitor has executed this Hazardous Agreement 
as of the date first above written. 
"INDEMNITOR" 
a 
By: 
Name: 
Its: 
743696.1 
EFTA00727312
--- PAGE 10 ---
EXHIBIT "A" 
LEGAL DESCRIPTION 
743696.1 
I0 
EFTA00727313
--- PAGE 11 ---
EXHIBIT "B" 
PERMITTED TOXIC MATERIALS 
There shall not be any hazardous and/or toxic materials at, on, in, around and/or under the 
Mortgaged Property and improvements, other than those as used in the regular course of 
business and for which Indemnitor has licenses from the proper authority, such as a 
government agency or regulatory body, and further, notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Indemnitor hereby expressly covenants, represents and warrants to Lender that all such 
materials shall be used or stored in strict compliance with the provisions as set forth in 
Section 6(c) of said Deed of Trust for compliance with all state and federal laws, rules, 
regulations, relating to or governing the use, storage and/or presence of toxic substances 
and/or hazardous materials. 
Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary contained in this Exhibit "B" and Section 
6(c) of the Deed of Trust, the covenants, duties and liabilities of Indemnitor, and the 
rights and remedies of Lender with respect to the subject of hazardous materials and/or 
toxic substances, shall be governed by the provisions of this Hazardous Agreement in 
addition to the provisions of the Deed of Trust; provided, however, that the provisions of 
this Hazardous Agreement shall prevail and exclusively govern the subject matter to the 
extent of any duplication, conflict or inconsistency between such provisions and the 
provisions of the Deed of Trust, and payment or performance of Indemnitor's obligations 
under this Hazardous Agreement shall not be secured by the Deed of Trust, but shall be 
and remain unsecured obligations of the Indemnitor. 
743696.1 
II 
EFTA00727314

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727315.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727315.pdf
----------------------------------------
HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES INDEMNITY AGREEMENT 
THIS HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES INDEMNITY AGREEMENT ("Hazardous 
Agreement") is made as of September 
2010, by 
("Indemnitor"), for the benefit of PREFERRED BANK, a California banking corporation 
("Lender"). 
RECITALS 
WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the execution of this Hazardous 
Agreement, Indemnitor, as maker, has executed and delivered to Lender, as payee, its 
Promissory Note (the "Note") in the principal face amount of Eighteen Million and 
No/I00 Dollars ($18,000,000.00) or so much thereof as may be advanced from time to 
time, in evidence of the loan (the "Loan") made this date by Lender to Indemnitor; and 
WHEREAS, the Loan is secured in part by Indemnitor's interest in and to the real 
property (the "Mortgaged Property") described in Exhibit "A" attached hereto and made 
a part hereof; and 
WHEREAS, Lender has required, as a condition of funding the Loan, that 
Indemnitor indemnify and hold Lender harmless against and from certain obligations for 
which Lender may incur liability, whether as beneficiary of the Deed of Trust (as 
hereinafter defined), mortgagee in possession, or by foreclosure, by reason of the threat 
or presence of any hazardous substance at or near the Mortgaged Property. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, 
Indemnitor, intending to be legally bound, hereby agrees as follows: 
1. 
RECITALS. The foregoing recitals are incorporated into this Hazardous 
Agreement by this reference. 
2. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 
2.1 
Except as provided in Exhibit "B", Indemnitor represents and warrants 
that (i) Indemnitor has no knowledge of any deposit, storage, disposal, 
burial, discharge, spillage, uncontrolled loss, seepage or filtration of oil, 
petroleum or chemical liquids or solids, liquid or gaseous products or any 
hazardous wastes or hazardous substances (collectively, "Hazardous 
Substances"), as those terms are used in the Comprehensive 
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 or in 
any other state or local law governing hazardous substances, as such laws 
may be amended from time to time (collectively, the "Hazardous Waste 
Laws"), at, upon, under or within the Mortgaged Property or any 
contiguous real estate, in violation of the Hazardous Waste Laws, and (ii) 
Indemnitor has not caused or permitted to occur, and shall not permit to 
743696.1 
EFTA00727315
--- PAGE 2 ---
exist, any condition which may cause a discharge of any Hazardous 
Substances at, upon, under or within the Mortgaged Property. The term 
"Hazardous Substances" means and includes: 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
those substances included within the definitions of "hazardous 
substances", "hazardous materials", "toxic substances", or "solid 
waste" pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, 
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 
Section 9601, et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery 
Act of 1976, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., the 
Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, as amended, 49 U.S.C. 
Section 1981, et seq., and the regulations promulgated pursuant to 
said laws; 
those substances defined as "hazardous wastes" in Section 25117 
of the California Health and Safety Code or as "hazardous 
substances" in Section 25316 of the California Health and Safety 
Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder; 
those substances listed in the United States Department of 
Transportation Table (49 CFR 172.101 and amendments thereto) 
or by the United States Environmental Protection Agency as 
hazardous substances (40 CFR Part 302 and amendments thereto); 
and 
(d) 
such other substances, materials and wastes which are or become 
regulated or which are classified as hazardous or toxic under 
federal, state, or local laws, statutes, ordinances or regulations. 
2.2 
Indemnitor further represents and warrants that (i) neither Indemnitor, nor 
to the best of Indemnitor's knowledge, any other party has been, is or will 
be involved in operations at or near the Mortgaged Property which 
operations could lead to (A) the imposition of liability on Indemnitor, or, 
to the best of Indemnitor's knowledge, on any subsequent or former owner 
of the Mortgaged Property or (B) the creation of a lien on the Mortgaged 
Property under the Hazardous Waste Laws or under any similar laws or 
regulations; and (ii) Indemnitor has not permitted, and will not permit, any 
tenant or occupant of the Mortgaged Property to engage in any activity 
that could impose liability under the Hazardous Waste Laws on such 
tenant or occupant, on Indemnitor or on any other owner of any of the 
Mortgaged Property. 
3. 
COVENANTS.
3.1 
Indemnitor shall comply strictly and in all respects with the requirements 
of the Hazardous Waste Laws and related regulations and with all similar 
laws and regulations and shall notify Lender immediately in the event of 
743696.1 
EFTA00727316
--- PAGE 3 ---
any discharge or discovery of any Hazardous Substance at, upon, under or 
within the Mortgaged Property. Indemnitor shall promptly forward to 
Lender copies of all orders, notices, permits, applications or other 
communications and reports in connection with any discharge or the 
presence of any Hazardous Substance (the "Environmental Reports") or 
any other matters relating to the Hazardous Waste Laws or any similar 
laws or regulations, as they may affect the Mortgaged Property. 
3.2 
Promptly upon the written request of Lender, Indemnitor shall provide 
Lender, at Indemnitor's expense, with an environmental site assessment or 
environmental audit report prepared by an environmental engineering firm 
acceptable to Lender, to assess with a reasonable degree of certainty the 
presence or absence of any Hazardous Substances and the potential costs 
in connection with abatement, cleanup or removal of any Hazardous 
Substances found on, under, at or within the Mortgaged Property. 
3.3 
Indemnitor shall deliver to Lender such affidavits, reports, certificates or 
other written instruments as may be requested by Lender, in Lender's sole 
and absolute opinion and judgment, pertaining to Indemnitor's compliance 
with this Hazardous Agreement. Additionally, Lender and Lender's agents 
shall have the right at all times to enter upon the Mortgaged Property to 
determine for itself Indemnitor's compliance with this Hazardous 
Agreement; provided, however, Lender may conclusively assume that the 
statements, facts, information, and representations contained herein and/or 
in any affidavits, orders, receipts, or other written instruments that are 
filed with Lender or exhibited to it, are true and correct and Lender may 
rely thereon without any investigation or inquiry; and provided further, 
that by accepting or approving anything required to be observed, 
performed, fulfilled, or given to Lender pursuant to this Hazardous 
Agreement, Lender shall not be deemed to have warranted or represented 
the sufficiency, legality, effectiveness or legal effect of the same, with any 
term, provision, or condition thereof, and such acceptance or approval 
thereof shall not be or constitute any warranty or representation to anyone 
with respect thereto by Lender. 
3.4 
Promptly and, in any event, within the time required by law, upon 
discovery of a Hazardous Substance in, on or under the Mortgaged 
Property, the existence of which substance is required to be reported 
pursuant to federal, state or local laws, or the regulations promulgated 
thereunder, Indemnitor will make such report. 
4. 
INDEMNITY.
4.1 
Indemnitor does and shall at all times indemnify and hold harmless Lender 
against and from any and all claims, liability, suits, actions, debts, 
damages, costs, losses, obligations, judgments, charges, and expenses, of 
any nature whatsoever suffered or incurred by Lender, whether as 
743696.1 
EFTA00727317
--- PAGE 4 ---
beneficiary of the Deed of Trust, mortgagee in possession, or as successor-
in-interest to Indemnitor by foreclosure deed or deed in lieu of foreclosure, 
under or on account of the Hazardous Waste Laws or any similar laws or 
regulations, including the assertion of any lien thereunder, with respect to: 
(a) 
any discharge of Hazardous Substances, the threat of a discharge 
of any Hazardous Substances, or the presence of any Hazardous 
Substances affecting the Mortgaged Property whether or not the 
same originates or emanates from the Mortgaged Property or any 
contiguous real estate including any loss of value of the Mortgaged 
Property as a result of any of the foregoing; 
any costs of removal or remedial action incurred by the United 
States Government or any costs incurred by any other person or 
damages from injury to, destruction of, or loss of natural resources, 
including costs of assessing such injury, destruction or loss 
incurred pursuant to any Hazardous Waste Laws; 
liability for personal injury or property damage arising under any 
statutory or common law tort theory, including, without limitation, 
damages assessed for the maintenance of a public or private 
nuisance or for the carrying on of an abnormally dangerous activity 
at or near the Mortgaged Property; 
(d) 
any other environmental matter affecting the Mortgaged Property 
within the jurisdiction of the Environmental Protection Agency, 
any other federal agency, or any state or local environmental 
agency; and/or 
(b) 
(c) 
(e) 
any failure to report the existence of a Hazardous Substance in, on 
or under the Mortgaged Property to the appropriate governmental 
agency(s). 
Indemnitor's obligations under this Hazardous Agreement shall arise upon 
the discovery of the presence of any Hazardous Substance, whether or not 
the Environmental Protection Agency, any other federal agency, or any 
state or local environmental agency has taken or threatened any action in 
connection with the presence of any Hazardous Substances. 
4.2 
In the event of any discharge of Hazardous Substances, the threat of a 
discharge of any Hazardous Substances, or the presence of any Hazardous 
Substances affecting the Mortgaged Property whether or not the same 
originates or emanates from the Mortgaged Property or any contiguous 
real estate, and/or if Indemnitor shall fail to comply with any of the 
requirements of the Hazardous Waste Laws or related regulations or any 
other environmental law or regulation, Lender may at its election, but 
without the obligation so to do, give such notices and/or cause such work 
743696.1 
EFTA00727318
--- PAGE 5 ---
to be performed at the Mortgaged Property and/or take any and all other 
actions as Lender shall deem necessary or advisable in order to abate the 
discharge of any Hazardous Substance, remove the Hazardous Substance 
or cure Indemnitor's noncompliance. 
4.3 
Indemnitor acknowledges that Lender has agreed to make the Loan in 
reliance upon Indemnitor's representations, warranties and covenants in 
this Hazardous Agreement. For this reason, it is the intention of 
Indemnitor and Lender that the provisions of this Hazardous Agreement 
shall supersede any provisions in any and all documents evidencing the 
Loan (the "Loan Documents") which in any way limit the personal 
liability of Indemnitor and that Indemnitor shall be personally liable for 
any obligations arising under this Hazardous Agreement even if the 
amount of liability exceeds the Loan and that this Hazardous Agreement 
shall survive the repayment of the Note and/or the release of the lien of the 
deed of trust, which is one of the Loan Documents (the "Deed of Trust") 
from the Mortgaged Property and shall survive the transfer of any or all 
right, title and interest in and to the Mortgaged Property by Indemnitor to 
any party, whether or not affiliated with Indemnitor. 
5. 
HAZARDOUS AGREEMENT NOT SECURED BY DEED OF TRUST. 
The obligations of Indemnitor under this Hazardous Agreement shall not be 
secured by the Deed of Trust or any other documents and instruments executed in 
connection with the Loan, and shall not be subject to California Code of Civil 
Procedure Sections 580a, 580d, 726 or any other antideficiency laws. The 
representations and warranties made herein are intended by Indemnitor to be such 
that should any such representation or warranty be false or misleading, such 
would be actionable under California Civil Code Section 1572 and California 
Financial Code Sections 779 and 7460 and any statute of similar tenor. 
Indemnitor's obligations under this Hazardous Agreement shall survive the 
repayment of Indemnitor's obligations owing to Lender under the Loan and the 
termination of the lien of the Deed of Trust. 
This agreement to defend, indemnify, protect, save and hold harmless shall be in 
addition to any other obligations or liability that Indemnitor may have to Lender 
at common law or by statute, or othenvise, and shall survive Lender's transfer of 
title to the Mortgaged Property. In particular, this Hazardous Agreement is 
intended to be cumulative of any rights of Lender under California Code of Civil 
Procedure Sections 564, 726.5 and 736 and under California Civil Code Section 
2929.5. Indemnitor hereby waives any restrictions or limitations which such 
statutes may impose on Indemnitor's liability or Lender's rights or remedies 
under this Hazardous Agreement. Indemnitor expressly agrees that this indemnity 
is not personal to Lender, and that the benefits under this Hazardous Agreement 
may be assigned to subsequent parties in interest, including any purchaser of the 
Mortgaged Property from Lender, and any such party in interest may proceed 
directly against Indemnitor to recover pursuant to this Hazardous Agreement. 
7436%.1 
EFTA00727319
--- PAGE 6 ---
6. 
ATTORNEYS' FEES. If Lender, or someone on Lender's behalf, retains the 
services of any attorney in connection with the subject of indemnity herein, 
Indemnitor shall pay Lender costs and attorneys' fees thereby incurred. Lender 
may employ an attorney of Lender's own choice. 
7. 
INTEREST. In the event that Lender incurs any obligations, costs or expenses 
under this Hazardous Agreement, Indemnitor shall pay Lender immediately on 
demand, and if such payment is not received within ten (10) days, interest on such 
amount shall, after expiration of the ten (10) day period, accrue at the Default 
Rate of interest (as defined in the Note) until such amount, plus interest, is paid in 
full. 
8. 
JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY. In the event that this Hazardous 
Agreement is executed by more than one party as Indemnitor, the liability of such 
parties is joint and several. Indemnitor's obligation hereunder are joint and several 
with any other person now or hereafter obligated under the Loan Documents. A 
separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against Indemnitor, 
whether or not action is brought against any other person or whether or not any 
other person is joined in such action or actions. 
9. 
CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. Indemnitor consents to the exercise of 
personal jurisdiction over Indemnitor by any federal or state court in the State of 
California and consents to the laying of venue in any jurisdiction or locality in the 
State of California. 
10. 
NOTICE. All notices, demands, requests and other communications required 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been properly given if 
personally delivered or sent by United States certified or registered mail, return 
receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the party for whom it is intended 
at its address hereinafter set forth: 
If to 
Attention: 
If to Lender: PREFERRED BANK 
601 S. Figueroa Street, 29th Floor 
Los Angeles, California 90017 
Attention: Joann Gaspard 
Manager, Note Department 
Notice shall be deemed given upon receipt. Any party may designate a change of 
address by written notice to the others, given at least ten (10) days before such 
change of address is to become effective. 
7436%.1 
EFTA00727320
--- PAGE 7 ---
11. 
WAIVERS. The failure of Lender to insist upon strict compliance with any of 
the terms hereof shall not be considered to be a waiver of any such terms, nor 
shall it prevent Lender from insisting upon strict compliance with this Hazardous 
Agreement at any time thereafter. 
12. 
SEVERABILITY. If any clause or provision herein contained operates or would 
prospectively operate to invalidate this Hazardous Agreement in whole or in part, 
then such clause or provision shall be held for naught as though not contained 
herein, and the remainder of this Hazardous Agreement shall remain operative 
and in full force and effect. 
13. 
INCONSISTENCIES AMONG THE LOAN DOCUMENTS. Nothing 
contained herein is intended to modify in any way the obligations of Indemnitor 
under the Note, the Deed of Trust or any other Loan Documents. Any 
inconsistencies among the Loan Documents shall be construed, interpreted and 
resolved so as to benefit Lender, and Lender's election of which interpretation or 
construction is for Lender's benefit shall govern. 
14. 
SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. Indemnitor may not assign this Hazardous 
Agreement without the written consent of Lender. In the event Lender consents to 
an assignment of this Hazardous Agreement, this Hazardous Agreement shall be 
binding upon Indemnitor's successors, assigns, heirs, personal representatives and 
estate and shall inure to the benefit of Lender and its successors and assigns. 
15. 
CONTROLLING LAWS. This Hazardous Agreement shall be governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California. 
16. 
OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER NOT RELATED TO NOTE. The 
obligations of Indemnitor hereunder are not related to the amount of the Note but 
only to the liability, expenses and costs covered by this Hazardous Agreement. 
17. 
WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY: JUDICIAL REFERENCE IN 
THE EVENT OF JURY TRIAL WAIVER UNENFORCEABILITY. 
INDEMNITOR HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY 
JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION 
(1) ARISING UNDER THIS HAZARDOUS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER 
INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR 
DELIVERED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, OR (2) IN ANY WAY 
CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS 
OF INDEMNITOR HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THIS 
HAZARDOUS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, 
DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN 
CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO 
OR THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR 
HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT OR 
TORT OR OTHERWISE; AND INDEMNITOR HEREBY AGREES AND 
CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF 
743696.1 
EFTA00727321
--- PAGE 8 ---
ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. 
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING TO THE CONTRARY, IN THE 
EVENT THAT THE JURY TRIAL WAIVER CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL 
BE HELD OR DEEMED TO BE UNENFORCEABLE, INDEMNITOR 
HERETO HEREBY EXPRESSLY AGREES TO SUBMIT TO JUDICIAL 
REFERENCE ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION 
ARISING HEREUNDER FOR WHICH A JURY TRIAL WOULD 
OTHERWISE BE APPLICABLE OR AVAILABLE. PURSUANT TO SUCH 
JUDICIAL REFERENCE, INDEMNITOR AGREE TO THE APPOINTMENT 
OF A SINGLE REFEREE AND SHALL USE THEIR BEST EFFORTS TO 
AGREE ON THE SELECTION OF A REFEREE. IF INDEMNITOR IS 
UNABLE TO AGREE ON A SINGLE REFEREE, A REFEREE SHALL BE 
APPOINTED BY THE COURT TO HEAR ANY DISPUTES HEREUNDER IN 
LIEU OF ANY SUCH JURY TRIAL. INDEMNITOR ACKNOWLEDGES 
AND AGREES THAT THE APPOINTED REFEREE SHALL HAVE THE 
POWER TO DECIDE ALL ISSUES IN THE APPLICABLE ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING, WHETHER OF FACT OR LAW, AND SHALL REPORT A 
STATEMENT OF DECISION THEREON; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT 
ANY MATTERS WHICH WOULD NOT OTHERWISE BE THE SUBJECT OF 
A JURY TRIAL WILL BE UNAFFECTED BY THIS WAIVER AND THE 
AGREEMENTS CONTAINED HEREIN. INDEMNITOR HERETO HEREBY 
AGREES THAT THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED HEREIN HAVE BEEN 
FAIRLY NEGOTIATED ON AN ARM'S-LENGTH BASIS, WITH BOTH 
SIDES AGREEING TO THE SAME KNOWINGLY AND BEING AFFORDED 
THE OPPORTUNITY TO HAVE THEIR RESPECTIVE LEGAL COUNSEL 
CONSENT TO THE MATTERS CONTAINED HEREIN. ANY PARTY TO 
THIS HAZARDOUS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL 
COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT AS 
WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF S HERETO TO THE WAIVER 
OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AND THE AGREEMENTS 
CONTAINED HEREIN REGARDING THE APPLICATION OF JUDICIAL 
REFERENCE IN THE EVENT OF THE INVALIDITY OF SUCH JURY TRIAL 
WAIVER. 
Indemnitor has initialed this Section 17 to further indicate its awareness and 
acceptance of each and every provision hereof. 
Indemnitor's Initials 
[Signature page to follow.] 
743696.1 
EFTA00727322
--- PAGE 9 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Indemnitor has executed this Hazardous Agreement 
as of the date first above written. 
"INDEMNITOR" 
a 
By: 
Name: 
Its: 
743696.1 
EFTA00727323
--- PAGE 10 ---
EXHIBIT "A" 
LEGAL DESCRIPTION 
743696.1 
I0 
EFTA00727324
--- PAGE 11 ---
EXHIBIT "B" 
PERMITTED TOXIC MATERIALS 
There shall not be any hazardous and/or toxic materials at, on, in, around and/or under the 
Mortgaged Property and improvements, other than those as used in the regular course of 
business and for which Indemnitor has licenses from the proper authority, such as a 
government agency or regulatory body, and further, notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Indemnitor hereby expressly covenants, represents and warrants to Lender that all such 
materials shall be used or stored in strict compliance with the provisions as set forth in 
Section 6(c) of said Deed of Trust for compliance with all state and federal laws, rules, 
regulations, relating to or governing the use, storage and/or presence of toxic substances 
and/or hazardous materials. 
Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary contained in this Exhibit "B" and Section 
6(c) of the Deed of Trust, the covenants, duties and liabilities of Indemnitor, and the 
rights and remedies of Lender with respect to the subject of hazardous materials and/or 
toxic substances, shall be governed by the provisions of this Hazardous Agreement in 
addition to the provisions of the Deed of Trust; provided, however, that the provisions of 
this Hazardous Agreement shall prevail and exclusively govern the subject matter to the 
extent of any duplication, conflict or inconsistency between such provisions and the 
provisions of the Deed of Trust, and payment or performance of Indemnitor's obligations 
under this Hazardous Agreement shall not be secured by the Deed of Trust, but shall be 
and remain unsecured obligations of the Indemnitor. 
743696.1 
II 
EFTA00727325

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727326.pdf
----------------------------------------
JUDICIAL ARBITRATION AND MEDIATION SERVICE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
FORTRESS VRF I LLC and 
FORTRESS VALUE RECOVERY FUND I LLC, 
Claimants, 
v. 
JEEPERS, INC. 
Respondents, 
and 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC., and 
JEEPERS, INC., 
• 
• 
Counter-Claimants and 
Third-Party Claimants, 
v. 
FORTRESS VALUE RECOVERY FUND I LLC, 
Counter-Respondents, 
and 
D.B. ZWIRN PARTNERS, LLC, 
D.B. ZWIRN & CO, L.P., 
DBZ GP, LLC, ZWIRN HOLDINGS, LLC, 
and DANIEL ZWIRN, 
Third-Party Respondents. 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
To: 
Highbridge Capital Management 
West 57th Street 
New York, New York 
Ref. No.: 1425006537 
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that pursuant to the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & 
Procedures of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service and applicable state and federal 
laws, you are HEREBY COMMANDED TO APPEAR before the arbitrator on December 3, 
2010 at 10:00 a.m. at the offices of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, at 620 Eighth 
EFTA00727326
--- PAGE 2 ---
Avenue, 34th Floor, New York, New York and to BRING AND PRODUCE DOCUMENTS as 
described on Exhibit A hereto. 
Dated: November 
2010 
Hon. Anthony J. Carpinello (Ret.) 
Arbitrator 
Requested by: 
William O'Brien, Esq. 
Cooley LLP 
1114 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10036 
iii
479-6000 
Counsel for Third-Party Respondents 
D.B. Zwirn Partners, LLC, 
D.B. Zwirn & Co., L.P., 
DBZ GP, LLC, and 
Zwirn Holdings, LLC 
John S. Siffert, Esq. 
Daniel E. Reynolds, Esq. 
Lankier Siffert & Wohl, LLP 
500 Fifth Avenue, 33rd Floor 
New York, New York 10110 
212 921-8399 
Counsel for Third-Party Respondent 
Daniel Zwirn 
EFTA00727327
--- PAGE 3 ---
JUDICIAL ARBITRATION AND MEDIATION SERVICE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
FORTRESS VRF I LLC and 
FORTRESS VALUE RECOVERY FUND I LLC, 
Claimants, 
v. 
JEEPERS, INC. 
Respondents, 
and 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC., and 
JEEPERS, INC., 
Counter-Claimants and 
Third-Party Claimants, 
v. 
FORTRESS VALUE RECOVERY FUND I LLC, 
Counter-Respondents, 
and 
D.B. ZWIRN PARTNERS, LLC, 
D.B. ZWIRN & CO, L.P., 
DBZ GP, LLC, ZWIRN HOLDINGS, LLC, 
and DANIEL ZWIRN, 
Third-Party Respondents. 
• 
• 
' Ref. No.: 1425006537 
EXHIBIT A 
INSTRUCTIONS 
1. 
These requests apply to all documents within your possession, custody, or control, 
including but not limited to all documents in the possession, custody, or control of your 
attorneys, agents, representatives, accountants, and employees. 
EFTA00727328
--- PAGE 4 ---
2. 
For any responsive documents withheld from production, state the date, authors, 
recipients, type of document, subject matter, number of pages, and the basis of the claim of 
privilege asserted. 
DEFINITIONS 
1. 
"Third-Party Claimants" means Jeffrey Epstein, Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
and Jeepers, Inc. and includes all their directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents, 
parents, subsidiaries, predecessors, affiliates, divisions, and anyone else acting on their behalf. 
2. 
"Zwirn Parties" means Daniel Zwirn, D.B. Zwim Partners, LLC, D.B. Zwirn & 
Co, L.P., DBZ GP, LLC, and Zwim Holdings, LLC, and includes all their members, employees, 
representatives, agents, predecessors, and anyone else acting on their behalf. 
3. 
"Claimants" means Fortress VRF I LLC and Fortress Value Recovery Fund I 
LLC. 
4. 
"Fund" means D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. n/k/a Fortress Value 
Recovery Fund 1 LLC and f/k/a Highbridge/Zwim Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. and includes 
its directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents, parents, subsidiaries, predecessors, 
affiliates, divisions, and anyone else acting on its behalf. 
5. 
"Glenn Dubin" means Glenn Dubin and any representative, agent or anyone else 
acting on his behalf. 
6. 
"Third-Party Claim" means Jeepers, Inc.'s Response and Financial Trust 
Company, Inc.'s and Jeepers, Inc.'s Statement of Counterclaim and Third-Party Claim in this 
arbitration, filed on May 21, 2010. 
7. 
"Affidavit" means the affidavit Glenn Dubin swore to on February 3, 2010 that is 
Exhibit 1 to the Third-Party Claim and is annexed hereto. 
EFTA00727329
--- PAGE 5 ---
8. 
"Settlement Agreement and Release" means the Settlement Agreement and 
Release reached in or about April, 2009 between D.B. Zwim Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. 
and the Third Party Claimants. 
9. 
"Document" means any document including but not limited to correspondence, 
internal or external memoranda, letters, drafts, non-identical copies, notes including handwritten 
notes, minutes of meetings, call logs, records of conversations or messages, whether in writing or 
upon any mechanical, electrical, or electronic recording device, e-mail and voicemail, SMS, or 
text messages, tape or electronic recordings, videotapes, diaries, sketches or designs, 
appointment or telephone records, newspaper or magazine articles, press releases, banking 
records and notices, and information of whatever kind stored on computers, including computer 
disks, hard drives, and other media. In all cases where originals or non-identical copies are not 
available, "documents" also means identical copies of original documents and copies of non-
identical copies. 
10. 
"Communication" means the transmittal of information (in the form of facts, 
ideas, inquiries, or otherwise). 
11. 
"Concerning" means relating to, referring to, describing, evidencing, or 
constituting. 
12. 
"Person" means any natural person or any business, legal or governmental entity, 
or association. The term "person" includes both the singular and the plural. 
13. 
Rules of construction: "All" and "each" shall be construed as all and each; "and" 
and "or" shall be construed either disjunctively or conjunctively as necessary to bring within the 
scope of this request all requests that might otherwise be construed to be outside its scope; the 
use of the singular form of any word includes the plural and vice versa; "any" includes and 
EFTA00727330
--- PAGE 6 ---
encompasses the words "each" and "all"; terms used in the present tense include terms in the past 
tense and terms in the past tense include terms in the present tense. 
DOCUMENT REQUESTS 
1. 
All documents concerning any communication between Glenn Dubin on the one 
hand, and any of the Zwirn Parties on the other, concerning any of the Third-Party Claimants. 
2. 
All documents concerning any communication between Glenn Dubin on the one 
hand, and any of the Third-Party Claimants on the other, concerning any of the Zwim Parties, the 
Claimants or the Fund. 
3. 
All documents concerning any potential or actual investment in the Fund by any 
of the Third-Party Claimants. 
4. 
All documents concerning the alleged conversations described in ¶¶ 6, 7 and 8 of 
the Affidavit. 
5. 
All documents concerning the assignment of Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s 
limited partnership interests in the Fund to Jeepers. Inc. 
6. 
All documents concerning any request by any of the Third-Party Claimants to 
withdraw any amounts from the Fund. 
7. 
All documents concerning Jeffrey Epstein's involvement in J.P. Morgan's 
investment in Highbridge Capital Management, including but not limited to the introduction of 
Glenn Dubin to Jes Staley. 
8. 
All documents concerning this arbitration. 
9. 
All documents concerning the Settlement Agreement and Release. 
10. 
All documents concerning the Affidavit, including but not limited to documents 
concerning the creation of the Affidavit. 
EFTA00727331
--- PAGE 7 ---
AFFIDAVIT OF GLENN 0 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
Glenn Dubin, being duly sworn, deposes and says: 
1. 
I am over twenty-one years of age and am competent to testify to the matters 
stated in this affidavit I have personal knowledge of the facts and statements herein. 
Each of µhe facts and statements herein is true and correct 
2. 
Starting in 2002, an entity that I both owned and controlled, currently known as 
Dubin & Swieca Asset Management, LLC ("DSAM"), owned interests in the general 
partner and in the investment manager of D.B. Zwim Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. 
(the "Zwim Fund"). The Zwirn Food was canted after Daniel Zwim ("Zwim"). While 
Zwim was responsible for the day-to-day management and operations of the Zwim Fund, 
after Zwim spun off his business from DSAM (then known as Highbridgc Capital 
Management, LLC), 1 helped introduce investors to Zwirn, invested my personal and 
family foundation assets with Zwirn, and my firm allocated assets of Highbridgc Capital 
Corporation ("I-TCC") to an account managed by Zwim's company which was also the 
investment manager of the Zwim Fund. 
3. 
One of the early investors that I introduced to Zwim was Jeffrey Epstein 
("Epstein"). Epstein was both a pssonal friend of mine and a long-time investor in 
TICC. My understanding is that beginning in 2002 Epstein invested assets in the Zwim 
Fund through an entity called Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
EFTA00727332
--- PAGE 8 ---
4. 
In the fall of 2006, Zwirn called me and told me that he was firing the Zwirn 
Fund's Chief Financial Officer. Zwim told me that there had been various irregularities 
at the Zwira Fund, including that investors' money was used, to pay for an airplane that 
would be owned by Zwirn's company. 
5. 
During October 2006, Zwirn told me that he was making attempts to contact each 
investor in the Zwirn Fund, including Epstein, to explain the irregularities to them. 
6. 
After speaking with Zwim, Epstein called me very upset. Epstein said that Zwirn 
had initially described the irregularities as "nonmaterial", but on a subsequent call, 
Zwirn's description of the issues made it clear to Epstein that the problems were in fact 
very material. 
Epstein told me that when he confronted Zwim about the earlier 
description of the irregular-ties, Zwim said that his counsel had told Zwim to use the word 
"non-material". Epstein felt that Zwirn had lied to him. Epstein told me that he wanted 
to redeem Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s entire capital account in the Zwirn Fund 
immediately and that Epstein had made that demand to Zwirn. 
7. 
I subsequently spoke to Zwirn about Epstein's demand. Zwim was concerned 
that a complete redemption could cause a "run-on-the-bank" Zwim asked me to discuss 
with Epstein reducing his demand to one-half of Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s total 
capital account in the Zwirn Fund at the time, and T agreed I would discuss it with 
Epstein. 
S. 
Subsequently, I participated in a three-way call with both Zwim and Epstein. 
During this call, Epstein demanded from. Zwim the withdrawal of all of Financial Trust 
EFTA00727333
--- PAGE 9 ---
Company, Inc.'s capital account in the Zwirn Fund. Epstein said he wanted to redeem all 
of Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s 140 plus million dollars in that capital account 
immediately. Zwim responded that such a redemption could cause a "run-on-the-bank" 
and asked Epstein to reduce his redemption demand to half of that amount. Zwim said 
that if Epstein made only a partial redemption request, Zwirn would honor the request 
quickly. During this discussion with Epstein, Epstein agreed to redeem slightly more 
than half of Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s total capital account and said that Financial 
Trust Company, Inc. would redeem 80 million dollars, and Zwirn agreed to honor that 
request. Zwim did not dispute that Epstein had the right to the total redemption of 
Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s capital account in the Zwim Fund. 
It is my 
understanding, based on subsequent conversations with Epstein, that after this 
conversation, Epstein made a written request for that partial redemption of Financial 
Trust Company, Inc.'s capital account in the Zwim Fund and that Zwirn refused to honor 
this request. 
Glenn Dubin 
Sworn to before me this 3 
bile 
ay of February, 2010. 
-N g 
01.061.4.011).1 
, 
ts 
km; rbs t b 
),411 
EFTA00727334

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727335.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727335.pdf
----------------------------------------
JUDICIAL ARBITRATION AND MEDIATION SERVICE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
FORTRESS VRF I LLC and 
FORTRESS VALUE RECOVERY FUND I LLC, 
Claimants, 
v. 
JEEPERS, INC. 
Respondents, 
and 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC., and 
JEEPERS, INC., 
Counter-Claimants and 
Third-Party Claimants, 
v. 
FORTRESS VALUE RECOVERY FUND I LLC, 
Counter-Respondents, 
and 
D.B. ZWIRN PARTNERS, LLC, 
D.B. ZWIRN & CO, L.P., 
DBZ GP, LLC, ZWIRN HOLDINGS, LLC, 
and DANIEL ZWIRN, 
Third-Party Respondents. 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
To: 
Highbridge Capital Management 
West 57th Street 
New York, New York 
Ref. No.: 1425006537 
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that pursuant to the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & 
Procedures of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service and applicable state and federal 
laws, you are HEREBY COMMANDED TO APPEAR before the arbitrator on December 3, 
2010 at 10:00 a.m. at the offices of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, at 620 Eighth 
EFTA00727335
--- PAGE 2 ---
Avenue, 34th Floor, New York, New York and to BRING AND PRODUCE DOCUMENTS as 
described on Exhibit A hereto. 
Dated: November", 2010 
on. Anthony J 
Arbitrator 
Requested by: 
William O'Brien, Esq. 
Cooley LLP 
1114 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10036 
(212) 479-6000 
Counsel for Third-Party Respondents 
D.B. Zwirn Partners, LW, 
D.B. Zwirn & Ca, L.P., 
DBZ GP, LW, and 
Zwirn Holdings, LLC 
John S. Siffert, Esq. 
Daniel E. Reynolds, Esq. 
Lankier Siffert & Wohl, LLP 
500 Fifth Avenue, 33rd Floor 
New York, New York 10110 
(212) 921-8399 
Counsel for Third-Party Respondent 
Daniel Zwirn 
EFTA00727336
--- PAGE 3 ---
EXHIBIT A 
EFTA00727337
--- PAGE 4 ---
JUDICIAL ARBITRATION AND MEDIATION SERVICE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
FORTRESS VRF I LLC and 
FORTRESS VALUE RECOVERY FUND I LLC, 
Claimants, 
v. 
JEEPERS, INC. 
Respondents, 
and 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC., and 
JEEPERS, INC., 
Counter-Claimants and 
Third-Party Claimants, 
v. 
FORTRESS VALUE RECOVERY FUND I LLC, 
Counter-Respondents, 
and 
D.B. ZWIRN PARTNERS, LLC, 
D.B. ZWIRN & CO, L.P., 
DBZ GP, LLC, ZWIRN HOLDINGS, LLC, 
and DANIEL ZWIRN, 
Third-Party Respondents. 
Ref. No.: 1425006537 
EXHIBIT A 
INSTRUCTIONS 
1. 
These requests apply to all documents within your possession, custody, or control, 
including but not limited to all documents in the possession, custody, or control of your 
attorneys, agents, representatives, accountants, and employees. 
EFTA00727338
--- PAGE 5 ---
2. 
For any responsive documents withheld from production, state the date, authors, 
recipients, type of document, subject matter, number of pages, and the basis of the claim of 
privilege asserted. 
DEFINITIONS 
1. 
"Third-Party Claimants" means Jeffrey Epstein, Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
and Jeepers, Inc. and includes all their directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents, 
parents, subsidiaries, predecessors, affiliates, divisions, and anyone else acting on their behalf. 
2. 
"Zwirn Parties" means Daniel Zwim, D.B. Zwirn Partners, LLC, D.B. Zwirn & 
Co, L.P., DBZ GP, LLC, and Zwirn Holdings, LLC, and includes all their members, employees, 
representatives, agents, predecessors, and anyone else acting on their behalf. 
3. 
"Claimants" means Fortress VRF I LLC and Fortress Value Recovery Fund I 
LLC. 
4. 
"Fund" means D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. n/k/a Fortress Value 
Recovery Fund I LLC and f/k/a Highbridge/Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. and includes 
its directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents, parents, subsidiaries, predecessors, 
affiliates, divisions, and anyone else acting on its behalf. 
5. 
"Glenn Dubin" means Glenn Dubin and any representative, agent or anyone else 
acting on his behalf. 
6. 
"Third-Party Claim" means Jeepers, Inc.'s Response and Financial Trust 
Company, Inc.'s and Jeepers, Inc.'s Statement of Counterclaim and Third-Party Claim in this 
arbitration, filed on May 21, 2010. 
7. 
"Affidavit" means the affidavit Glenn Dubin swore to on February 3, 2010 that is 
Exhibit I to the Third-Party Claim and is annexed hereto. 
EFTA00727339
--- PAGE 6 ---
8. 
"Settlement Agreement and Release" means the Settlement Agreement and 
Release reached in or about April, 2009 between D.B. Zwim Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. 
and the Third Party Claimants. 
9. 
"Document" means any document including but not limited to correspondence, 
internal or external memoranda, letters, drafts, non-identical copies, notes including handwritten 
notes, minutes of meetings, call logs, records of conversations or messages, whether in writing or 
upon any mechanical, electrical, or electronic recording device, e-mail and voicemail, SMS, or 
text messages, tape or electronic recordings, videotapes, diaries, sketches or designs, 
appointment or telephone records, newspaper or magazine articles, press releases, banking 
records and notices, and information of whatever kind stored on computers, including computer 
disks, hard drives, and other media. In all cases where originals or non-identical copies are not 
available, "documents" also means identical copies of original documents and copies of non-
identical copies. 
10. 
"Communication" means the transmittal of information (in the form of facts, 
ideas, inquiries, or otherwise). 
11. 
"Concerning" means relating to, referring to, describing, evidencing, or 
constituting. 
12. 
"Person" means any natural person or any business, legal or governmental entity, 
or association. The term "person" includes both the singular and the plural. 
13. 
Rules of construction: "All" and "each" shall be construed as all and each; "and" 
and "or" shall be construed either disjunctively or conjunctively as necessary to bring within the 
scope of this request all requests that might otherwise be construed to be outside its scope; the 
use of the singular form of any word includes the plural and vice versa; "any" includes and 
EFTA00727340
--- PAGE 7 ---
encompasses the words "each" and "all"; terms used in the present tense include terms in the past 
tense and terms in the past tense include terms in the present tense. 
DOCUMENT REOUESTS 
1. 
All documents concerning any communication between Glenn Dubin on the one 
hand, and any of the Zwirn Parties on the other, concerning any of the Third-Party Claimants. 
2. 
All documents concerning any communication between Glenn Dubin on the one 
hand, and any of the Third-Party Claimants on the other, concerning any of the Zwim Parties, the 
Claimants or the Fund. 
3. 
All documents concerning any potential or actual investment in the Fund by any 
of the Third-Party Claimants. 
4. 
All documents concerning the alleged conversations described in 
6, 7 and 8 of 
the Affidavit. 
5. 
All documents concerning the assignment of Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s 
limited partnership interests in the Fund to Jeepers, Inc. 
6. 
All documents concerning any request by any of the Third-Party Claimants to 
withdraw any amounts from the Fund. 
7. 
All documents concerning Jeffrey Epstein's involvement in J.P. Morgan's 
investment in Highbridge Capital Management, including but not limited to the introduction of 
Glenn Dubin to Jes Staley. 
8. 
All documents concerning this arbitration. 
9. 
All documents concerning the Settlement Agreement and Release. 
10. 
All documents concerning the Affidavit, including but not limited to documents 
concerning the creation of the Affidavit. 
EFTA00727341
--- PAGE 8 ---
AFFIDAVIT OF CT.RNN kleIN 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
Glenn Dubin, being duly sworn, deposes and says: 
2. 
I am over twenty-one years of age and am competent to testify to the matters 
stated in this affidavit. I have personal knowledge of the facts and statements herein. 
. 
• 
Each of the facts and statements herein is true and correct. 
2. 
Starting in 2002, an entity that I both owned and controlled, currently known as 
Dubin & Swieca Asset Management, LLC ("DSAM"), owned interests in the general 
parmer and in the investment manager of D.B. Zwim Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. 
(the "Zwim Fund"). The Zwim Fund was named after Daniel Zwim ("Zwim"). While 
Zwim was responsible for the day-to-day management and operations of the Zwirn Fund, 
after Zwim spun off his business from DSAM (then known as Highbridgc Capital 
Management, LLC), I helped introduce investors to Zwim, invested my personal and 
family foundation assets with Zwim, and my firm allocated assets of iiighbridge Capital 
Corporation ("HCC) to an account managed by Zwirn's company which was also the 
investment manager of the Zwim Fund. 
3. 
One of the early investors that I introduced to Zwim was Jeffrey Epstein 
("Epstein"). Epstein was both a personal friend of mine and a long-time investor in 
HCC. My understanding is that beginning in 2002 Epstein invested assets in Lhe Zwim 
Fund through an entity called Financial Taut Company, Inc. 
EFTA00727342
--- PAGE 9 ---
4. 
In the fall of 2006, Zwim called me and told me that he was firing the Zwirn 
Fund's Chief Financial Officer. Zwim told me that there had been various irregularities 
at the Zwira Fund, including that investors' money was used. to pay for an airplane that 
would be owned by Zwim's company. 
5. 
During October 2006, Zwirn told me that he was making attempts to contact each 
investor in the Zwim Fund, including Epstein, to explain the inegularities to them. 
6. 
After speaking with Zwim, Epstein called me very upset. Epstein said that Zwim 
had initially described the irregularities as "nonmaterial", but on a subsequent call, 
Zwirn's description of the issues made it clear to Epstein that the problems were in fact 
very material. 
Epstein told me that when he confronted Zwim about the earlier 
description ot' the inugulanies. Zwim said that his counsel had told Zwirn to use the word 
"non-material". Epstein felt that Zwirn had lied to him. Epstein told me that he wanted 
to redeem Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s entire capital account in the Zwirn Fund 
immediately and that Epstein had made that demand to Zwirn. 
7. 
I subsequently spoke to Zwirn about Epstein's demand. Zwim was concerned 
that a complete redemption could cause a "run-on-the-bank." Zwim asked me to discuss 
with Epstein reducing his demand to one-half of Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s total 
capital account in the Zwirn Fund at the time, and T agreed I would discuss it with 
Epstein. 
S. 
Subsequently, I participated in a three-way call with both Zwirn and Epstein. 
During this call, Epstein demanded from Zwirn the withdrawal of all or Financial Trust 
EFTA00727343
--- PAGE 10 ---
Company, Inc.'s capital account in the Zwim Fund. Epstein said he wanted to redeem all 
of Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s 140 plus million dollars in that capital account 
immediately. Zwirn responded that such a redemption could cause a "run-on-the-bank" 
and asked Epstein to reduce his redemption demand to half of that amount. Zwim said 
that if Epstein made only a partial redemption request, Zwim would honor the request 
quickly. During this discussion with Epstein, Epstein agreed to redeem slightly more 
than half of Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s total capital account and said that Financial 
Trust Company, Inc. would redeem 80 million dollars, and Zwirn agreed to honor that 
request. Zwim did not dispute that Epstein had the right to the total redemption of 
Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s capital account in the Zwim Fund. 
It is my 
understanding, based on subsequent conversations with Epstein, that after this 
conversation, Epstein made a written request for that partial redemption of Financial 
• 
. . 
Trust Company, Inc.'s capital account in the Zwim Fund and that Zwirn refused to honor 
this request 
Glenn Dubin 
Sworn to before me this 3 
" 
•••• a 
• •• 
;7. 
• 7.: 
- 
Notary 
blic 
- 
%Z. 
•e• 
- 
• • - • • "".•(` 
• 
•-•:. . 
••. 
ay of February, 2010. 
5\21.1, bit..NoSt 
/Data.° la 33 
totlfest 6 NI IA'S 
EFTA00727344

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727345.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE LION KING 
llllllll " llll 
MI III (II 
NAME: Epstein, Jeffrey 
Ticket Price 
000000000004869 
HOUSE SEAT CONFIRMATION 
Restoration 
Charge 
TICKETS @ ( 120.00 
* 
1.50 
Method of Payment: Credit Card 
28-Apr-2009 
TUESDAY 
EVENING 
= s 243.00 
7:00 
Cardholder Name: Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Credit Card Number: 
Expiration Date: 10/1/2009 
Billing Zip Code: 00802 
1005 
Tickets Arranged By: Julie Taymor-Jules 
Billing Sec Code: 9382 
Minskoff Theater - 200 West 45th Street • New York, NY 10036 
Phone: 212-827-5400 Fax: 
Printed from the Datam Development - Houseseats Management System (c) 
Username: BILLS015 
Printed: 4/24/2009 
EFTA00727345

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727346.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727346.pdf
----------------------------------------
BROWN HARRIS STEVENS 
Established 
1873 
April 30, 2010 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71g Street 
New York, NY 10021 
RE: 
East 7Im Street 
House Right-to-Sell Agreement 
Dear Mr. Epstein: 
As you know, Brian Manning has identified a prospective buyer (the "Prospective Buyer") who 
is interested in purchasing the above-referenced private residence (the "Property"). The 
Prospective Buyer values his privacy and wishes to remain anonymous at this time. We are 
confident that the Prospective Buyer has the financial means to close any transaction that you 
would deem acceptable. The Prospective Buyer wishes to tour the Property. We will disclose the 
name of the Prospective Buyer to you 24 hours prior to the tour. It is company policy to have a 
"right-to-sell" agreement executed in advance of a property tour. 
Terms: 
Through Brian Manning, you recognize Brown Harris Stevens Residential Sales, LLC as a real 
estate broker with a right-to-sell the Property. 
1. 
This Agreement does not create an exclusive right-to-sell the Property and we 
acknowledge that we are not being retained to market the Property to anyone other than 
the Prospective Buyer. 
2. 
This Agreement shall be effective as of April 30, 2010, and shall continue in full force 
and effect until June 30, 2010. 
3. 
We are authorized to offer the property for sale at a price of 
4. 
If the property is sold pursuant to this Agreement, our commission to be paid by you will 
be four percent (4%) of the total sale price. This commission will be due and payable at 
the closing whenever that takes place. 
5. 
We will coordinate with Richard Kahn to arrange whatever appointments may be 
necessary to show the Property to the Prospective Buyer and/or his representatives. 
Brown Harris Stevens Residential Sales, LLC 
445 Park Avenue, New York, Now York 10022 
Tel 212.906.9200 Fax 212.906.9288 
BROWNHAMUSSTEVENS.0011 
Exclusive Affiliate of 
CHRISTIE'S 
GREAT ESTATES 
INITIAL 
EFTA00727346
--- PAGE 2 ---
BROWN HARRIS STEVENS 
Page 2 
East 7151 Street 
House right-to-sell Agreement 
6. 
We will submit to you any offers that we receive. 
7. 
This Agreement shall bind and benefit the personal representatives, successors or assigns 
of the parties. This Agreement may not be changed, rescinded, or modified except in 
writing, signed by both parties. 
8. 
You hereby acknowledge that we have informed you of your obligations under the Lead 
Paint Disclosure Law (42 U.S.C. 4852 (d)) and that you are aware of your responsibility 
to ensure compliance therewith. 
9. 
In the event that you become legally entitled to retain any deposit paid to you pursuant to 
a signed Contract of Sale by a person introduced during the term of this Agreement, you 
agree to pay four percent (4%) of that amount to Brown Harris Stevens. 
10. 
You represent that you are the owner of the property or you are authorized by the owner 
of the Property to enter into this Agreement and sell the Property. 
11. 
Our company conducts business in accordance with all federal, state and local fair 
housing laws. It is our policy to provide housing opportunities to all persons regardless of 
age, citizenship, color, familial status, handicap, marital status, national origin, 
occupation, race, religion, sex or sexual orientation. 
12. 
Brown Harris Stevens represents you, the seller. 
13. 
This Agreement applies only to our dealings with the Prospective Buyer and/or any trust 
or special purpose entity utilized by the Prospective Buyer to acquire the Property. 
This matter is being handled with the utmost discretion. Please initial each page and sign below 
to acknowledge your consent and return a duplicate copy to me. 
Very truly yours 
Brown Harris Stevens Residential Sales, LLC, 
ACCEPTED & AGREED: 
Hall F. Willkie 
President 
BY: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
DATE: 
BIU - 4‘,1Ce A01.4 
INITIAL 
EFTA00727347

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727348.pdf
----------------------------------------
Reference: Wage and Salary Reviews. 
One month ago Jason Drew, Landscaper & Machine Operator, left LSJ for $2.00 hr more. 2 weeks ago, Manuel Gonzalez 
and Curdilius Monchery, our best Mechanics, informed Arran that they had been offered $2.00 hr more, plus benefits 
from Tropical Shipping, they will most likely accept this offer starting January 
2010. 
Over the last few months we have been approached on numerous occasions by both wage and salary employee's 
company wide, asking 
"When are things likely to improve or get better" 
Attached pay rate recommendations for all Island Ground Employee's, including new construction positions. Please note 
Gary has been interviewing potential employees, all have stated that the new pay recommendations, are still below the 
going rate for skilled and non-skilled labor within the USVI. Gary, Brice and 
have individually reviewed each 
employee, taking into consideration length of service, skill development and position within departments. 
With the pending development of a Casino, Marina and Golf Course on St Croix and local companies offering better 
wages and benefits. We strongly believe that these wage recommendations are the bare minimum required for the 
future development of the island and will assist in retaining core employees. 
At this time we would also like to recommend this basic guideline for Island Grounds LLC. 
Obviously if an employee has taken on extra responsibility/acquired further on the job training to improve their skill set, 
this would need to be accessed case by case by management. 
1. All new employee's have a minimum probation period of 12 weeks 
2. Employee reviews to take place on the anniversary of their employment. 
3. After 3 years full time employment — minimum 10% increase of wage 
After 5 years full time employment — minimum 10% increase wage 
After 8 years full time employment — minimum 15% increase wage an additional 1 weeks' vacation 
and I have also attached salary and bonus reviews for LSJ, HI and Zorro for your consideration. Notable mentions 
are Renee Burns and Arran McGinnis. Both Renee and Arran stepped up to fulfill management positions at Zorro and 
LSJ. Without there support, hard work and can do attitude over the past year, the running of these properties would 
have been impossible, therefore we strongly recommend that they be acknowledged for their loyalty and effort. 
For your consideration 
Gary Kerney 
Brice Gordon 
EFTA00727348
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00727349

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727350.pdf
----------------------------------------
e-Asv J -1 
employ <c On 
ef 7 -aho 
ISLAND GROUNDS, INC. 
;I. NI:RAI. STA I FMK OF ENIPLOY:YlliN r I'Ol.ICY 
1. 
Please read the following General Statement of Employment Policy very carefully. If 
you have may questions about :up• part of this General Statement of Employment 
Policy. or how it affects you and your position, please ask a member of tittle Saint 
James 
management. Nu question is unimportant or insignificant. 
Proof of Citizenship,' ego, St: tusand Authority to Work. 
Only United States citizens or legal Permanent Resident Aliens %%ill he permitted 
to work for the t 
pony. 
ft 
You must demonstrate that you arc a US Citizen or Penn:mem Resident Alien by 
showing the management staff your current and valid United States Passport or 
your current and solid "Greco Cant." 
You also must show a valid United States Social Security Card. 
A copy of these documents will be placed in your personal tile. 
C. 
Anyone unable to show these documents will be asked nut to return to Little 
Saint James until they obtain the necessary documents. At that time, the worker 
must reapply for employment and will be rehired only if employment is still 
at ailuble. 
D. 
Please note that a tourist visa to the United Stoics is not n valid substitute for the 
required documents and will not qualify you to work for the Company. 
Wortguisklinc.s. 
A. 
Your workday is an X ! ! hour day. begins at 7:30 am ends at 4:1)11 pm. 
Twat, which will transport you to 1.51. will lease American Yacht Harbor at 
7:01 am exactly. Please be on board by that time, if you miss the boat you will 
be madasl absent from work. with no pay. 
C. 
You 
entry your Social Security Card mut either pone United States 
Passport or your Green Card with you at all times while you trawl to and from 
1.51. 
The boat captain or a member of his staff will require you to show these 
documents before you will be allowed to board the boat to I.SJ.
If you do not have the documents you will not he permitted to hoard and the 
bout will have without you. If that happens you will be marked absent front 
work, with no pay. 
Page I 
EFTA00727350
--- PAGE 2 ---
I). 
The boat will arrive at I.S.I at or before 7:2911 end work %%ill begin no later 
than 7:310. If lid some reason the boat arrives after 7::n a.m.. ,mirk will begin 
minutes after pm reach the island. 
E. 
Your X 
horn woikday:. includes a I hour break time for lunch. 
f. 
You will nut he permitted to do youTO;sonal laundry on the island. 
4. 
Your work week will be for a minimum of 5 consecuth c days. but may be as long as 7 
consecutive days. depending on the arrival and departure schedules of guests On the 
Island. Because such schedules are not always predictable. you should he prepared to 
work an extended work day or up to a 7.dav week on little or MI !Mike. 
You will be 
compensated for such emended work days or work weeks in accordance with the 
Colman) •s 0% ern= policies in effect at that time. 
The current overtime policy. which is subject to change at the discretion of the Island's 
manager. is as tiullows: 
• 
You will Ix• odd at 1.5 times your hourly raw for any work in C\CC•A 01'8.5 hours 
in any given work day: or 
• If the number of hours you work in any given work week exceeds 423 hours. you 
will le mid at 1.5 tunes >our hourly rate for any work in excess of 42.5 hours in 
any i 
work week. 
• 
Please remember tint overtime pay rates are not based on the day of the week that 
you work. but are based only on the number of hours worked per day or the 
number of hours worked per week. 
• 
There will nut he any special overtime pay for weekends, nom( fur weekend 
work in net... of 8.5 hours in a given work day or in excess of 42.5 hours In a 
given work week. 
5. 
Your work schedule will he prepared on a weekly basis by your sups•r ism, but may be 
subject to changes on little or nu notice. depending on the unit ji and departure 
schedules of guests on the Island or other requirements of the Island's ownership. 
6. 
Time Off 
Vara' llll !kiss - Each employee will cant Ill paid vacation days alter 
completing as full year of work for Island Grounds. Inc. 
In addition, each employee is permitted up to a 
Of 8 paid days of 
personal time per calendar year. 
Vacation Days 
You must make a written request to you supervisor at least one 
month in advance for any earned vacation days. The Company prefers that earned 
‘acatii in du) s be taken not more than 5 consecutive days at a time. I lowever. if 
Page' 2 
EFTA00727351

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727352.pdf
----------------------------------------
P.O. Box 304472 
St. Thomas V.I. 00803 
January 15, 2010 
To Whom It May Concern: 
Greetings, My name is Igala D. Joseph, I am responding to the posting in the V.I. Daily News 
Classifieds, seeking a Landscape Grounds Manager. 
I am from St. Thomas U.S. Virgin Islands, however I have recently returned from Hawaii 
where I lived and studied Agriculture and Business Administration for the past several years. I 
graduated from The University of Hawaii with degrees in Agriculture and Business. I have 
recently, within the last year, moved home, I have been working with a family members tour 
business, however I am now seeking a career more inline with my education and work 
experience. 
I have been around farming and landscaping my whole life, I have gained somewhat extensive 
experience professionally and academically. I am motivated and inspired by the progression of 
eco-friendly agricultural and socio-economic development worldwide, however I see the need 
for conventional methods as well. I believe plants, trees, and flowers add so much beauty and 
enrichment to our lives, in so many ways. I am passionate about making the world a greener 
place. 
I have a burning desire/ goal to continue to work and grow in the Horticultural/ Landscape 
Industry. After reviewing the requirements in your ad, I am more than confident that I have the 
skills you are seeking. I am very interested to see if your company may provide the opportunity 
for further working knowledge and experience that I am seeking. I have attached my resume with 
this letter. What I desire is an interview/ opportunity to discuss how I can serve your company, 
and how we may mutually benefit each other. 
Thank you for you consideration, I look forward to our communication. 
Sincerely, and gratefully, 
Igala Joseph 
EFTA00727352

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727353.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN RE: 
INVESTIGATION OF 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
/ 
ADDENDUM TO THE NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT 
IT APPEARING that the parties seek to clarify certain provisions of page 
4, paragraph 7 of the Non-Prosecution Agreement (hereinafter "paragraph 7"), that 
agreement is modified as follows: 
7A. 
The United States has the right to assign to an independent third-party the 
responsibility for consulting with and, subject to the good faith approval of 
Epstein's counsel, selecting the attorney representative for the individuals 
identified under the Agreement. If the United States elects to assign this 
responsibility to an independent third-party, both the United States and 
Epstein retain the right to make good faith objections to the attorney 
representative suggested by the independent third-party prior to the final 
designation of the attorney representative. 
7B. 
The parties will jointly prepare a short written submission to the 
independent third-party regarding the role of the attorney representative and 
regarding Epstein's Agreement to pay such attorney representative his or 
her regular customary hourly rate for representing such victims subject to 
the provisions of paragraph C, infra. 
7C. 
Pursuant to additional paragraph 7A, Epstein has agreed to pay the fees of 
the attorney representative selected by the independent third party. This 
provision, however, shall not obligate Epstein to pay the fees and costs of 
contested litigation filed against him. Thus, if after consideration of 
potential settlements, an attorney representative elects to file a contested 
lawsuit pursuant to 18 U.S.C. s 2255 or elects to pursue any other contested 
remedy, the paragraph 7 obligation of the Agreement to pay the costs of the 
attorney representative, as opposed to any statutory or other obligations to 
pay reasonable attorneys fees and costs such as those contained in s 2255 to 
bear the costs of the attorney representative, shall cease. 
EFTA00727353
--- PAGE 2 ---
By signing this Addendum, Epstein asserts and certifies that the above has 
been read and explained to him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the 
clarifications to the Non-Prosecution Agreement and agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: 
By: 
A. MARIE VILLAFATA 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
Dated: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated: 
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ. 
COUNSEL 
TO 
JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN 
Dated: 
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN 
EFTA00727354

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727355.pdf
----------------------------------------
INTRODUCTION - EPSTEIN V ROTHSTEIN ET ALS (2) 
Attorney Scott Rothstein aided by other lawyers and employees at the firm of 
Rothstein, Rosenfeldt, and Adler, for personal greed and enrichment, in betrayal of the 
ethical, legal and fiduciary duties to their own clients and professional obligations to the 
administration of justice, deliberately engaged in a pattern of racketeering that involved a 
staggering series of gravely serious obstructions of justice, actionable frauds, and the 
orchestration and conducting of egregious civil litigation abuses that resulted in 
profoundly serious injury to Jeffrey Epstein one of several targets of their misconduct. 
Amongst the violations of law that are the subject of this lawsuit are the fabrication of 
signatures of federal judges on forged official court documents, the sanctioning of a 
series of depositions that were unrelated to any principled litigation purpose but instead 
designed to discover extraneous private information about Epstein or his personal and 
business associates (including well-known public figures) in order to defraud investors 
and support extortionate demands for payment from Epstein. The misconduct featured 
the filing of legal motions and the pursuit of a civil litigation strategy that was unrelated 
to the merits or value of their clients' cases and, instead, had as its improper purpose the 
furthering of Rothstein's misrepresentations and deceit to third party investors. As a 
result, Epstein was subject to abusive investigatory tactics, unprincipled media attacks, 
and unethical legal filings. This lawsuit is brought to illuminate how the Rothstein 
racketeering enterprise endeavored to compromise the core values of both state and 
federal justice systems in South Florida and to vindicate the hardworking and honest 
lawyers and their clients who were adversely affected by the misconduct that is the 
subject of this Complaint. 
EFTA00727355

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727356.pdf
----------------------------------------
INTRODUCTION - EPSTEIN V ROTHSTEIN ET ALS (2) 
Attorney Scott Rothstein aided by other lawyers and employees at the firm of 
Rothstein, Rosenfeldt, and Adler, for personal greed and enrichment, in betrayal of the 
ethical, legal and fiduciary duties to their own clients and professional obligations to the 
administration of justice, deliberately engaged in a pattern of racketeering that involved a 
staggering series of gravely serious obstructions of justice, actionable frauds, and the 
orchestration and conducting of egregious civil litigation abuses that resulted in 
profoundly serious injury to Jeffrey Epstein one of several targets of their misconduct. 
Amongst the violations of law that are the subject of this lawsuit are the fabrication of 
signatures of federal judges on forged official court documents, the sanctioning of a 
series of depositions that were unrelated to any principled litigation purpose but instead 
designed to discover extraneous private information about Epstein or his personal and 
business associates (including well-known public figures) in order to defraud investors 
and support extortionate demands for payment from Epstein. The misconduct featured 
the filing of legal motions and the pursuit of a civil litigation strategy that was unrelated 
to the merits or value of their clients' cases and, instead, had as its improper purpose the 
furthering of Rothstein's misrepresentations and deceit to third party investors. As a 
result, Epstein was subject to abusive investigatory tactics, unprincipled media attacks, 
and unethical legal filings. This lawsuit is filed and will be vigorously pursued against all 
these defendants because the Rothstein racketeering enterprise endeavored to 
compromise the core values of both state and federal justice systems in South Florida and 
to vindicate the hardworking and honest lawyers and their clients who were adversely 
affected by the misconduct that is the subject of this Complaint. 
EFTA00727356

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727357.pdf
----------------------------------------
Apes Hill Development. SRI, 
Income Statement 
Barbados Dollars (BDS) 
Company Total 
For the Twelve Months Ending December M. 2008 
Revenue 
Acct 
Current Month 
Year to Date 
Actual 
Budget 
Actual 
vs. Budget 
Last Year 
Actual 
vs. Last Year 
Actual 
Budget 
Actual 
vs. Budget 
Last Year 
Actual 
vs. Last Year 
Guest rounds 
406 
333.500 
(333.500) 
1.140.000 
(1,140,000) 
Golf memberships-resident 
Golf member fees-resident 
431 
432 
600.000 
45.750 
(600.000) 
(45.750) 
4.200.000 
156.000 
(4,200,000) 
(156,000) 
Golf memberslips-non-resident 
433 
300.000 
(300.000) 
1.800.000 
(1,800,000) 
Golf member fees-non-resident 
430 
12,000 
(12,000) 
36.750 
(36,750) 
Rental equipment 
480 
600 
(30.600) 
100.000 
(100,000) 
Total Revenue 
321 650 
(1.321.850) 
7.432.750 
(7.432.750) 
Sales Revenue 
Pro shop merchandse sales 
445 
45,900 
(45,900) 
150.000 
(150.000) 
Food sales 
460 
12,240 
(12,240) 
40.000 
(40,000) 
Beer, wine & liquor sales 
465 
12,240 
(12,240) 
40.000 
(40,000) 
Lot sales 
470 
59.982.548 
59.982,548 
12,812.915 
47,169.633 
127.809.655 
76,660.000 
51,149,65.5 
12.812,915 
114.996.740 
Home sales 
472 
716 000 
(25.716.000) 
Total Sales Revenue 
59.982.548 
70.380 
59.912.168 
12.812.915 
47.169.633 
127.809.655 
102.606.000 
25.203.655 
12.812.915 
114.996.740 
Cost ol Sales 
COS-homes 
512 
(17,744.040) 
17,744,040 
COS-developed lots 
515 
(20.352.654) 
(20.352.654) 
(4,277.233) 
(16,075.421) 
(43,097.903) 
(25,297.800) 
(17,800,103) 
(4.277,233) 
(38.820.670) 
COS-sales commissions 
520 
(3.188.144) 
(3.188.144) 
(251.584) 
(2,936.560) 
(5,098.848) 
(3,563.680) 
(1,535,168) 
(251,584) 
(4.847264) 
COS-Wentworth 
521 
(630.922) 
(630.922) 
(128.129) 
(502.793) 
(1,274.381) 
(1.023.760) 
(250,621) 
(128,129) 
(1.146,251) 
COS-misc. closing costs 
525 
(1.368.304) 
(1.368.304) 
(375.540) 
(992.765) 
(3,354.379) 
(3.173.656) 
(180,723) 
(375,540) 
(2.978.839) 
COS-pro shop merchandise 
545 
(28,458) 
28.458 
(93.000) 
93,000 
COS-food 
550 
(4,896) 
4.896 
(16.000) 
16,000 
COS-beer. wine & liquor 
555 
VIM 
4.896 
(16,000) 
000 
Total Cost of Sales 
S2
)
40.024 
(38.250) 
(25.501.774) 
(5.032.486) 
(20.507.538) 
(52.825.511) 
(50.927.936) 
(1.897.574) 
(5.032.486) 
(47.793.025) 
Gross Profil on Sales 
34.442.524 
1.353.980 
33.088.544 
7.780.429 
26.662.095 
74.984.144 
59.110.814 
15.873.330 
7.780.429 
67.203.715 
Miscellaneous Revenue 
Real estate commission income 
487 
2,480 
2.480 
2.480 
617.580 
617,580 
617,580 
Miscellaneous revenue 
490 
1.425 
1,425 
1,425 
HOA management fees 
496 
1.000 
(1.000) 
12.000 
(12.000) 
Total Miscelaneous Revenue 
2.555 
1.000 
1.555 
2.555 
619.005 
12.000 
607.005 
619.005 
Adjusted Gross Revenue 
34.445.079 
1.354.980 
33.090.099 
7.780.429 
26.664.650 
75.603.149 
59.122.814 
16.480.335 
7.780.429 
67.822.720 
Payroll & Related Expenses 
Payroll worked 
600 
362,769 
550,234 
(187,465) 
200.768 
162.002 
1.811,937 
3,953.103 
(2(1 041138
1.001,525 
810,412 
Payroll overtime 
605 
27,794 
27,000 
794 
30.481 
(2.687) 
177.362 
278.500 
165,403 
11,958 
PTEB.NIS 
615 
15,869 
64,939 
(49,070) 
17.297 
(1.427) 
124.162 
496.787 
(372,625)
( t284
945)
145,390 
(21,228) 
PTEB.group medical 
PTEB.pension plan 
616 
619 
1,352 
2,126 
6,200 
200 
(4,848) 
1,926 
2.125 
1.670 
(773) 
456 
232.6384
66.300 
2,400 
16,676 
26,525 
5,679 
(2.801) 
Clothing allowance 
620 
600 
(600) 
3.400 
Housing allowance 
Travel alowance 
622 
623 
6,000 
(6,000) 
48.000 
44.000 
(44,000)
48(3:4
Employee meals 
625 
1,900 
(1,900) 
7.600 
(7,600) 
Contract labor 
635 
43,283 
34,000 
9,283 
43283 
403.674 
408.000 
(4,326) 
2,484 
401,190 
Direct sales incentive 
Inter-co payroll allocation 
639 
642 
(35,224) 
(51,374) 
16.150 
(88,180) 
52.956 
(265,447) 
184277 
(502.127) 
(184,277) 
236,680 
(149,263) 
(116,184) 
Payroll expenses capitalized 
645 
13.560 
(180,307) 
193.867 
(42049) 
55.609 
(885.891) 
(1,373,829) 
487 938 
(358,889) 
(56
52517., 002) 
Total Payrol & Related Expenses 
431.530 
459.393 
(27.863) 
122.111 
309.419 
1.411.835 
3.616.410 
(2.204.575) 
849.851 
984
Operating Expenses 
Account:1g & auditing 
650 
3.500 
(3.500) 
30.169 
42.000 
(11,831) 
24,865 
,304 
Adv. & promo.- polo learn sponse 
651 
7,508 
7,508 
1.743.984 
(1,736.476) 
3263.907 
3,263,907 
2,971,133 
292,774 
EFTA00727357
--- PAGE 2 ---
Apes llill Development, SRI, 
Income Statement 
Barbados Dollars (BM 
Company Total 
For the Twelve Months Ending December 31, 2008 
Acct 
Current Month 
Year to Date 
Actual 
Budget 
Actual 
vs. Budget 
Last Year 
Actual 
vs. Last Year 
Actual 
Budget 
Actual 
vs. Budget 
Last Year 
Actual 
vs. Last Year 
Adv. & promo.-production costs 
652 
937 
21.000 
(20.063) 
1.250 
(314) 
152.779 
252.000 
(99.221) 
142.082 
10,697 
Adv. & promo.-signs 
653 
2.462 
8.000 
(5.538) 
2,462 
Adv. & promo.-giveaways 
654 
13.567 
17.500 
(3,933) 
13.567 
90.684 
266.000 
(175.316) 
90,684 
Adv. & promo.-meals 
655 
26.378 
19.000 
7,378 
1.771 
24.606 
65.594 
255.000 
(189.406) 
16.880 
48,714 
Adv & promo..other 
656 
2.730 
36.000 
(33.270) 
16.839 
(14.108) 
235.814 
431.000 
(195.186) 
468.692 
(232,879) 
Adv. & promo.-pnnt media 
658 
54.950 
42.000 
12,950 
10.046 
44.904 
271.186 
504.000 
(232.814) 
86.175 
185,012 
Bank charges & crecht card fees 
670 
4.931 
10.614 
(5.683) 
1.137 
3.794 
25.716 
53.098 
(27.382) 
18.372 
7,345 
Business meals 
678 
4.112 
4.000 
112 
800 
3.312 
10.360 
48.000 
(37.640) 
5.849 
4,510 
Consulting services 
681 
751,907 
(751.907) 
1.000,000 
1.000.000 
765.580 
234,420 
Currency exchange gain or loss 
671 
2.000 
(2.000) 
24.000 
(24.000) 
Currency exchange gain or loss 
683 
(4.106) 
(4.106) 
4.382 
(8.488) 
25.044 
(25,026) 
Decorating 
685 
400 
(400) 
400 
(400) 
Dues & subscrptions 
690 
2.367 
10.000 
(7.633) 
2.367 
6.351 
149.000 
(142.649) 
11.366 
(5.015) 
Employee relations 
695 
5.000 
(5.000) 
15.000 
(15.000) 
Fertilizer 
700 
29.241 
41.000 
(11.759) 
13.643 
15.598 
116.306 
396.000 
(279.694) 
100.070 
16,236 
Chemicals 
703 
35.000 
(35.000) 
308.000 
(308.000) 
Gasoline & fuel 
705 
5.120 
35.200 
(30.080) 
5.106 
171.997 
358.400 
(186.403) 
5.090 
166,907 
Gasoline & fuel pump station gen 706 
2.500 
(2500) 
47.000 
(47.000) 
Laundry 
720 
500 
(500) 
4.400 
(4.400) 
Licenses. permits & fees 
730 
700 
(700) 
9.351 
15.800 
(6.449) 
6.004 
3,346 
Linen & rags 
735 
200 
(200) 
3.800 
(3.800) 
Mainz. & rep.-bldgs. 
740 
3.200 
(3.182) 
18.955 
42.800 
(23.845) 
55.691 
06,7361 
Mara. & rep.-equip. 
745 
5.513 
27.800 
(22.287) 
4.958 
556 
85.142 
260.800 
(175.658) 
124.726 
(39,584) 
Manz. & rep.-irrigation 
750 
275 
9.400 
(9.125) 
7.255 
(6.980) 
54.756 
88.800 
(34.044) 
94.014 
(39,257) 
Manz. & rep-pump station 
751 
34.000 
(34.000) 
Manz. & rep-pump station gener 
752 
2.000 
(2.000) 
24.000 
(24.000) 
Mainz. & rep-grounds 
755 
5.780 
6.000 
(220) 
1.170 
4.610 
67.378 
72.000 
(4.622) 
165.861 
(98,483) 
Maint. & rep-vehicles 
760 
220 
1.200 
(980) 
2.207 
(1.987) 
21.124 
21.500 
(376) 
7.909 
13,215 
Mainz. & rep-other 
765 
251 
1.650 
(1.399) 
251 
1.287 
19.800 
(18.513) 
1,287 
Miscellaneous expense 
775 
3.400 
150 
3,250 
154 
3.246 
5.689 
1.800 
3.889 
7.899 
(2,211) 
Other professional fees 
780 
17.720 
10.000 
7.720 
17.720 
348.151 
136.000 
212.151 
66.906 
281,245 
Pest control 
785 
600 
(600) 
1.326 
5.600 
(4.274) 
3.415 
(2,089) 
Postage. freight & delivery 
790 
14.250 
(14.191) 
144 
(85) 
8.218 
86.500 
(78.282) 
9.933 
(1,716) 
Printing & copying 
795 
1.650 
(1.639) 
224 
(213) 
32.080 
19.800 
12.280 
651 
31,428 
Range balls 
798 
300 
10.000 
(9.700) 
300 
Rental-equipment 
800 
3.441 
12.500 
(9.059) 
3.441 
13.532 
97.200 
(83.668) 
1.836 
11,696 
Rental-GPS 
801 
8.000 
(8.000) 
40.000 
(40.000) 
Rental-real estate 
805 
13.817 
15.800 
(1.983) 
4.887 
8.929 
174.820 
189.600 
(14.780) 
97.198 
77,622 
Royally fee 
808 
30.000 
(30.000) 
Sand. gravel & sod 
810 
13.000 
(13.000) 
100.000 
(100.000) 
Security service 
815 
788 
7.700 
(6.912) 
707 
6.091 
92.400 
(86.309) 
4.909 
1,183 
Seed, sod & plants 
820 
6.400 
(6.400) 
26.554 
68.800 
(42.246) 
161.753 
(135.199) 
Small tools 
825 
1.200 
(1.200) 
14.400 
(14.400) 
Supplies-office 
830 
24.822 
5.750 
19,072 
8.526 
16.296 
79.129 
71.200 
7.929 
59.928 
19,201 
Supplies-other 
835 
24.866 
10.250 
14,616 
17.656 
7.210 
270.004 
120.500 
149.504 
319.201 
(49,197) 
Training & development 
837 
(60) 
7.342 
(7,342) 
Trash haul 
840 
1.700 
(1.700) 
16.400 
(16.400) 
Travel-bdging 
845 
1.000 
(1.000) 
2.985 
17.000 
(14.015) 
3.066 
(81) 
Travel-meals 
850 
800 
(800) 
569 
9.700 
(9.131) 
548 
Travel-transportation 
855 
1.000 
(1.000) 
5.770 
37.500 
(31.730) 
12.227 
(6,457) 
Travel-other 
860 
500 
(500) 
5.024 
4.200 
824 
710 
4,314 
Uniforms 
863 
3.495 
5.150 
(1.655) 
3.495 
35.212 
45.300 
(10.088) 
6.851 
28,361 
Utilities-electricity 
865 
4.833 
16.300 
(11.467) 
4.493 
340 
69.663 
159.600 
(89.937) 
41.759 
27,904 
Utilities-gas 
870 
(8) 
123 
(421 
Utilities-telephoneicable 
875 
5.792 
6.100 
(308) 
6.905 
(1.114) 
63.329 
73.200 
(9.871) 
47.123 
16.206 
Utilities-water & sewer 
880 
4.890 
11.600 
(6,710) 
6.654 
(1.764) 
71.452 
126.700 
(55.248) 
22.354 
49,097 
EFTA00727358
--- PAGE 3 ---
Apes Hill Development. SRI, 
Income Statement 
Barbados Dollars (BDS) 
Company Total 
For the Twelve Months Ending December M. 2008 
Utilities-inigation water 
Provision for warranty repairs 
Master HOA subsidy 
HOA subsidy 
Acct 
Current Month 
Year to Date 
881 
885 
890 
891 
Actual 
Budget 
125.000 
6,300 
8.800 
Actual 
vs. Budget 
(125.000) 
(6.300) 
(9800) 
Last Year 
Actual 
vs. Last Year 
Actual 
Budget 
1.000.000 
128.580 
33.998 
132.600 
Actual 
vs. Budget 
(1.000.000) 
(128.580) 
(33.998) 
(132.600) 
Last Year 
Actual 
vs. Last Year 
Expense allocation in/(out) 
895 
(13.695) 
(26,250) 
12,555 
(3.911) 
(9.784) 
(306.486) 
(318.000) 
11.514 
(56.588) 
(249898) 
Expenses capitalized 
897 
(18.854) 
(40.250) 
21,396 
(41294) 
23.039 
(541.469) 
(687280) 
145,811 
(952,248) 
410.779 
Management fees 
899 
10,000 
(10,000) 
40.000 
(40,000) 
Property insurance 
930 
10,675 
(10,675) 
63.776 
128.100 
(64,324) 
9,448 
54.328 
Gen. Lability & auto insurance 
935 
4,010 
(4,010) 
56.362 
48.120 
8,242 
31.349 
25.013 
Real properly taxes 
940 
(7.037) 
13.000 
(20.037) 
(671) 
(6.367) 
51.712 
156.000 
(104.288) 
(671) 
52.383 
Total Operating Expenses 
228.137 
600.049 
(371.912) 
2.564.679 
(2.336.542) 
6245210 
5.980.116 
265.094 
5.001.900 
1.243.310 
Operating Income (Loss) 
785 413 
295538 
489 875 
093 640 
691 73 
946 104 
49526288 
18419817 
928 678 
017 426 
Other (Income):Expenses 
Interest 
900 
(45.364) 
(49364) 
(112977) 
67.613 
(283.556) 
(283.556) 
(321.660) 
38.104 
Interest 
920 
376.150 
(376.150) 
1.059.426 
(1.059.426) 
Depreciation 
921 
290.127 
25.000 
265,127 
290.127 
415.669 
300.000 
115.669 
71.190 
344.479 
Federal taxes on income 
995 
(30) 
Total Other (Income),Expenses 
244.763 
25.000 
219.763 
263.172 
(18.410) 
132.113 
300.000 
(167.887) 
808.985 
(676.872) 
Net Income (Loss) 
540 650 
270538 
270 112 
4830 467 
710 183 
813 991 
49226,288 
587 704 
1.119.693 
694 298 
Statistical Accounts 
Lots sold 
965 
105 
Homes sold 
967 
(6) 
Member rounds 
963 
700 
(700) 
2200 
(2.200) 
Guest rounds 
961 
830 
(830) 
2.800 
(2.800) 
EFTA00727359

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727360.pdf
----------------------------------------
W. CHESTER BREWER, JR., 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
SUITE 1400 
250 AUSTRALIAN AVENUE SOUTH 
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA 33401-50M 
TELEPHONE (561) 6554777 
FAX (561) 835-8691 
June 30, 2009 
Darren Indyke, Esquire 
457 Madison Avenue, 4'h Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Sent Via E-Mail 
Re: Palm Beach Marine Construction v. Epstein 
Dear Darren: 
I received a telephone call from Alex Lian today. I had thought that he was calling to 
discuss our proposal for settlement but no such luck. 
Mr. Lian would like to take Doug Schoettle's deposition and he questioned me about 
Doug's availability. I am assuming that he is still making periodic trips to the Palm Beach area 
but I do not know this. Could you please check with him and see if he will be in the area any 
time in the foreseeable future. 
Thank you for your help. 
Very Truly Yours, 
W. Chester Brewer, Jr. 
WCB/cg 
EFTA00727360

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727361.pdf
----------------------------------------
HODGE & FRANCOIS 
May 4, 2009 
Darren Indyke 
NY NY 10022 
Via Email 
Re: Virgin Islands Interstate Compact Relating to Probation and Parole. 
Dear Darren: 
I spoke today to Mrs. Arlene Swan, the Interstate Compact Administrator for the Virgin 
Islands, following delivery to her of my letter detailing the terms of the one year of 
enhanced probation, i.e., "community control", to which Mr. Epstein will be subject 
under the terms of his sentence. I had asked her, as suggested by the Correction Services 
Administrator in Florida, that she provide us with a letter, stating that in principle her 
agency would accept Mr. Epstein's transfer with the accompanying enhanced restrictions, 
assuming of course that he met all the other requirements. She promptly called me and 
indicated that she was supportive of requests for Virgin Islands residents to return home 
under the Compact, with supervision to be provided here, but in her view, it was not 
procedurally correct for her to first send a letter stating that the Virgin Islands would 
accept this transfer, before receiving directly from Florida authorities, a request for 
transfer under the Interstate Compact. 
She did indicate that she would very promptly provide her response on receipt from 
Florida of the standard application. It was my clear understanding that she is prepared to 
consent to this request, provided the proper formalities are followed. Under the 
circumstances, I would suggest that Mr. Lane be informed of Ms. Swan's position, and 
asked to proceed to initiate the standard application. I will then follow up with Ms. Swan 
to insure that anything further required to complete the process is done. Let me know if 
there is anything further I can do to assist. 
Regards, 
Maria Tankenson Hodge 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
II RIVII 
8IIMESIEIRG 
WIMOMLISS, WORMER; OSEAVIZOS 
0104402 
PHONE: 340-774-6843 • FAX: 340-776-8900 
EMAIL: 
EFTA00727361

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727362.pdf
----------------------------------------
REPORT NUMBER 
F301-040B 
SEND PLANT DYNAMICS INC. 
TO: 
P O BOX 190 
LOXAHATCHEE, FL 33470 
A & L Southern Agricultural Laboratories, LLC. 
1199 W. Newport Center Drive • Deerfield Beach, FL 33442 
(954)972-3255 • FAX (954)972-7885 • email: 
"Get The Soil Right" 
GROWER: EPSTEIN RES. 
Copy 
TO: 
SOIL ANALYSIS REPORT 
SAMPLES 
SUBMITTED 
BY: 
PO No: 
RANDY 
DATE RECEIVED: 
10/27/2009 
DATE REPORTED 
10/28/2009 
PAGE: 1 of 2 
LAB NUMBER 
SAMPLE ID 
ORGANIC 
MATTER % 
ENR 
IbsJA 
P1 WEAK 
BRAY -- ppm 
P2 STRONG 
BRAY-
ppm 
POTASSIUM 
-- ppm 
MAGNESIUM 
ppm 
CALCIUM 
SODIUM 
ppm 
ppm
SOIL pH 
0191 
Bougainville, Palms general 
4.6 
136 VH 
L 
VH 
L 
M 
1782 
VH 
L 
7.7 VH 
ALUMINUM 
ppm 
HCO3-P 
ppm 
HYDROGEN 
megt100g 
C.E.C. 
meg/1009 
%K 
PERCENT BASE SATURATION (COMPUTED) 
% Mg 
% Ca 
% Na 
%H 
0.0 
9.5 
0.6 
3.9 
93.8 
1.6 
0.0 
NO3•N 
ppm 
SULFUR 
ppm 
ZINC 
ppm 
MANGANESE 
ppm 
IRON 
ppm 
COPPER 
ppm 
BORON 
BUFFER pH 
ppm 
SOLUBLE SALTS 
mmhos:cm 
20M 
5H 
11M 
12H 
3.4 VH 
1M 
0.12 L 
CHLORIDE 
ppm 
MOLYBDENUM 
ppm 
WATER SOL 
Pw ppm 
TOTAL N 
ppm 
NH4 
ppm 
% SAND 
TEXTURE ANALYSIS 
%SILT 
% CLAY 
CLASSIFICATION 
CODE TO RATING — Very Low (VL)— Low (L) — Medium (IA) — Very High (VII) 
'ENR — Estimated Nitrogen Release 
'••MULTIPLY THE RESULTS IN ppm BY 2 TO CONVERT TO LBS. PER ACRE OF THE ELEMENTAL FORM. 
'• 'MULTIPLY THE RESULTS IN ppm BY 4.6 TO CONVERT TO LBS. PER ACRE PO s 
MULTIPLY THE RESULTS IN ppm BY 2.4 TO CONVERT TO LBS. PER ACRE Kg,
MOST SOILS WEIGH TWO (2) MILLION POUNDS (DRY WEIGHT) FOR AN ACRE OF SOIL 6.2/3 INCHES DEEP 
Our reports and letters are for the exclusive and confidential use of our dients. and may not be reproduced whole or in part. nor may any reference be made 
to the work. the results or the company in any advertising. news release or other public annoutements without obtaining our prior written authorization. Crop 
success is neither warranted nor implied. Apply fertilizers carefully to avoid groundwater pollution. 
Ccpyrighht 1977 
This report applies only to the sample(s) tested. Samples are 
retained a maximum of thirty days after testing. 
A & L SOUTHERN AGRICULTURAL LABORATORIES LLC. 
By Lynn P. Griffith. Jr. - Lab Manager 
EFTA00727362
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00727363
--- PAGE 3 ---
REPORT NUMBER 
F301.040B 
SEND PLANT DYNAMICS INC. 
TO: 
P O BOX 190 
LOXAHATCHEE, FL 33470 
A & L Southern Agricultural Laboratories, LLC. 
1199 W. Newport Center Drive • Deerfield Beach, FL 33442 
(954)972-3255 • FAX (954)972-7885 • email: 
"Get The Soil Right" 
GROWER: EPSTEIN RES. 
SAMPLES 
RANDY 
SUBMITTED 
BY: 
Copy 
PO No: 
TO: 
SOIL ANALYSIS REPORT 
DATE RECEIVED: 
10/27/2009 
DATE REPORTED 
10/28/2009 
PAGE: 2 of 2 
Remarks 
Soil pH is slightly high here, which is normal for the area. Suggest using acid forming fertilizer materials that contain sulfur coated urea or ammonium 
sulfate. The P1 soil phosphorus levels are low. Potassium is low as well. There is a very wide ratio between magnesium and calcium. Minor nutrient 
levels look to be in a good range. Suggest fertilizing with a 12-4-12 palm special that has 4% magnesium in it and a good blend of trace elements 
including 1% iron and 1-1/2% manganese. Apply the fertilizer at the rate of 14 pounds per 1000 square foot of bed area at least four times per year. 
CODE TO RATING — Very Low (VL) — Low (L) — Medium (IA) — Very High (VH) 
•ENR — Estimated Nitrogen Release 
"'MULTIPLY THE RESULTS IN ppm BY 2 TO CONVERT TO LBS. PER ACRE OF THE ELEMENTAL FORM. 
""MULTIPLY THE RESULTS IN ppm BY 4.6 TO CONVERT TO LBS. PER ACRE P2:)6 
MULTIPLY THE RESULTS IN ppm BY 2.4 TO CONVERT TO LBS. PER ACRE kg 
MOST SOILS WEIGH TWO (2) MILLION POUNDS (DRY WEIGHT) FOR AN ACRE OF SOIL 6-2)3 INCHES DEEP 
Our reports and letters are for the exclusive and confidential use of our dients. and may not be reproduced vThole or in part, nor may any reference be made 
to the work. the results or the company in any advenising, news release or other public annoutements without obtaining our prior written authorization. Crop 
success is neither warranted nor implied. Apply fertilizers carefully to avoid groundwater pollution. 
Copyrights 1977 
This report applies only to the sample(s) tested. Samples are 
retained a maximum of thirty days after testing. 
A & L SOUTHERN AGRICULTURAL LABORATORIES LLC. 
By Lynn P. Griffith. Jr. - Lab Manager 
EFTA00727364
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00727365

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727366.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727366.pdf
----------------------------------------
WOODSON C. MERRELL, M.D. 
EAST 67th STREET 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10065 
Telt ithon 
Pax: 
Date: 
October 21, 2010 
Patient: 
Jeffrey Epstein (Email: 
• 
Try of the following herbal nighttime sleep aids: 
o MyoCalm PM by Metagenics; 3 at bedtime, or 
o Deep Sleep by Herbs Etc.; 3 at bedtime 
• 
Send me copies of your MRI reports and other labs done in the last year 
• 
See me for a follow up on your return to NY the week after next 
All supplements are available at 
Willner Chemists 
100 Park Avenue 
NYC, NY 10017 
EFTA00727366

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727367.pdf
----------------------------------------
WOODSON C. MERRELL, M.D. 
EAST 67th STREET 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10065 
Telephone: (212) 535-1012 
Far (212) 535-1172 
Date: 
October 26, 2010 
Patient: 
Jeffrey Epstein (Email: 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
All supplements are available at 
Willner Chemists 
100 Park Avenue 
NYC, NY 10017 
212-682-2817 
800-633-1106 
EFTA00727367

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727368.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727368.pdf
----------------------------------------
WOODSON C. MERRELL, M.D. 
EAST 67th STREET 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10065 
Telephone: 
Far 
Date: 
November 18, 2010 
Patient: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
• 
Begin vitamin D3 at only 2,000 units per day 
• 
Call me on Tuesday/Wednesday for the results of today's tests 
• 
You will need some treatment of your cholesterol; we can discuss this when 
you call to get your lab results (done non-fasting), in October we talked about 
sustained release niacin 
• 
You are due for a stress echocardiogram 
• 
Return as needed for a vitamin shot/acupuncture 
• 
I look forward to talking more about research ideas—both institutes and areas 
for research. 
• 
I will send you my Department of Integrative Medicine materials tomorrow 
afternoon, as well as a few ideas that may be interesting for your Templeton 
meeting. 
• 
I will fmd out about the MD overseas rules 
• 
Thank you so much for your generosity! The name of my Center to make the 
check out to is: "Continuum Center for Health and Healing" (part of Beth 
Israel Medical Center). It can be sent to me here and I can forward, or sent 
directly to Beth Israel's Development Dept. 
All supplements are available at 
Willner Chemists 
100 Park Avenue 
mon
NYC NY 10017 
EFTA00727368

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727369.pdf
----------------------------------------
WOODSON C. MERRELL, M.D. 
EAST 67th STREET 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10065 
Telephone: 
Far 
Date: 
November 23, 2010 
Patient: 
Jeffrey Epstein (Email: 
& jeevacation(4mail.com)
• 
Because of very high cholesterol and triglycerides, and abnormal coronary CT 
angiogram, it is very important for you to be maintained on a cholesterol 
regimen to keep: LDL below 80, triglycerides below 120, and HDL above 40; 
none of which is the case now 
• 
To begin with the above, start Niacin. The prescription sustained release SR 
form is more easily tolerated, but plain is OK if you can tolerate it. Begin 
with 500 mg twice a day. If well tolerated after one week, double the dose to 
1,000 mg twice a day 
• 
Have your pharmacy call if you need sustained release form of the niacin 
• 
Recheck you blood work (cholesterol, triglycerides, CRP, and liver enzymes) 
one month after being on full dose, and call me to review 
• 
Consider seeing cardiolo .st, Dr. Rony Shimony 425 East 61st Street 4h1 Floor 
NY NY 10021 - - 
if you'd like to review your cardiovascular 
regimen in more detail. You are due for a stress test (stress-echocardiogram) 
which he can do during a consultation. If you do see him, call us to send a 
copy of your test results (which we did once before with a note) 
• 
Your folic acid enzyme test (MTHFR) was low. This means you do not utilize 
folic acid well. To counter this, begin MTHF form of folic acid; FolaPro by 
Metagenics is excellent, 1 three times a week. 
• 
Your vitamin D is low-normal (35); but do to the hyperparathyroidism, I 
would keep it at this level so as to not raise your calcium level (which is 
currently normal at 9.4) 
• 
Contact your parathyroid specialist at Yale to review present blood test 
• 
See attached pdf of your current lab results (only estradiol and testosterone 
are pending) 
All supplements are available at 
Willner Chemists 
100 Park Avenue 
NYC, NY 10017 
EFTA00727369

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727370.pdf
----------------------------------------
WOODSON C. MERRELL, M.D. 
EAST 67th STREET 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10065 
TrIrphont 
Pus:
Date: 
March 4, 2010 
Patient: 
Jeffrey Epstein (Email: 
Jeffery the following is an addendum to yesterday's email instructions 
• 
Read right forearm TB skin test tomorrow (Friday); call if swelling (not 
redness) is more than 10mm 
• 
Herbal nighttime sleep aids: 
o Myocalm PM by Metagenics; 3 at bedtime, or 
o Sleep Aide by Vital Nutrients; 2 at bedtime 
• 
We will consider additional supplements once we review lab results. Possible 
future supplements include Cortisol Manger (Ashwaganda), Cognitex (brain 
nutrient enhancers), Resveratrol, Turmeric, and Omega 3 Fish Oil. We will 
discuss these as above 
• 
Increase Niaspan to 750mg, twice per day for now 
• 
For references on helping your body to detoxify: 
o My book, "The Source" (paperback title, "Power Up") 
o Out in April, is a great book by a leading environmental toxicologist 
naturopath Walter Crinnion, N.D. "Clean, Green, and Lean." 
o There is also a detoxification book by Alenjando Junger, MD but I 
would recommend you use the initial regime for now 
• 
Detoxification program: 
o For 3 days, do a pure juice cleanse; every 2 hours alternate 1 pint of 
fresh fruit and vegetable juice with 1 pint of water or herbal tea, or 
other non-caffeinated, minimally sweetened beverage. Additional 
recipes for juices can be found in "The 3-Day Energy Fast" by Pamela 
Serure. After the 3-day juice cleanse, do a 10-day pure vegan diet. Use 
1-2 solid meals per day, and 2 times a day use the following medical 
food-based shake: 
• UltraClear Plus by Metagenics - 2 Scoops 
• Nordic Naturals Omega 3 Fatty Acid Fish Oil; 1 tsp per day 
• Organic flax meal - 1 heaping tablespoon 
• BetaGlucan Probiotic by Biolmmersion - 1 scoop 
• Water or juice to taste; or, can add fruit to make a smoothie 
• 
Let us know when you can talk Monday 
All supplements are available at 
Willner Chemists 
100 Park Avenue 
NYC. NY 10017 
EFTA00727370
--- PAGE 2 ---
a 
EFTA00727371

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727372.pdf
----------------------------------------
WOODSON C. MERRELL, M.D. 
EAST 67th STREET 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10065 
Telephone: 
Far 
Date: 
March 4, 2010 
Patient: 
Jeffrey Epstein (Email: 
Jeffery the following is an addendum to yesterday's email instructions 
• 
Read right forearm TB skin test tomorrow (Friday); call if swelling (not 
redness) is more than 10mm 
• 
Herbal nighttime sleep aids: 
o Myocalm PM by Metagenics; 3 at bedtime, or 
o Sleep Aide by Vital Nutrients; 2 at bedtime 
• 
We will consider additional supplements once we review lab results. Possible 
future supplements include Cortisol Manger (Ashwaganda), Cognitex (brain 
nutrient enhancers), Resveratrol, Turmeric, and Omega 3 Fish Oil. We will 
discuss these as above 
• 
Increase Niaspan to 750mg, twice per day for now 
• 
For references on helping your body to detoxify: 
o My book, "The Source" (paperback title, "Power Up") 
o Out in April, is a great book by a leading environmental toxicologist 
naturopath Walter Crinnion, N.D. "Clean, Green, and Lean." 
o There is also a detoxification book by Alenjando Junger, MD but I 
would recommend you use the initial regime for now 
• 
Detoxification program: 
o For 3 days, do a pure juice cleanse; every 2 hours alternate 1 pint of 
fresh fruit and vegetable juice with 1 pint of water or herbal tea, or 
other non-caffeinated, minimally sweetened beverage. Additional 
recipes for juices can be found in "The 3-Day Energy Fast" by Pamela 
Serure. After the 3-day juice cleanse, do a 10-day pure vegan diet. Use 
1-2 solid meals per day, and 2 times a day use the following medical 
food-based shake: 
• UltraClear Plus by Metagenics - 2 Scoops 
• Nordic Naturals Omega 3 Fatty Acid Fish Oil; 1 tsp per day 
• Organic flax meal - 1 heaping tablespoon 
• BetaGlucan Probiotic by Biolmmersion - 1 scoop 
• Water or juice to taste; or, can add fruit to make a smoothie 
• 
Let us know when you can talk Monday 
All supplements are available at 
Willner Chemists 
100 Park Avenue 
NYC. NY 10017 
EFTA00727372
--- PAGE 2 ---
a 
EFTA00727373

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727374.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727374.pdf
----------------------------------------
WOODSON C. MERRELL, M.D. 
EAST 67th STREET 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10065 
Telephone: (212) 535-1012 
Fax: (212) 535-1172 
Date: 
March 8, 2010 
Patient: 
Jeffrey Epstein (Email: 
• 
Check in with your parathyroid specialist for routine follow up; we will send 
you a copy of this (and all) labs. Your numbers are, PTH 68.9 (normal less 
than 65) and calcium 10.4 (normal less than 10.2) 
• 
Increase niaspan 750mg to 1, twice per day and recheck cholesterol and 
triglycerides in 1 month 
• 
Be very careful of refined carbohydrates, due to high normal hemoglobin A1C 
• 
Your uric acid is slightly elevated; this comes mainly from animal proteins 
• 
Follow up with urologist for blood in the urine, for probably cystoscopy; 
especially with family history of bladder tumors 
• 
Due to elevated homocysteine, take B12; 1000mcg sublingually (under the 
tongue), 1 per day 
• 
Because of high homocysteine and absence of both MTHFR C6 folic acid 
enzymes, begin (folinic acid form of folic acid) FolaPro by Metagenics; 1 per 
day 
• 
Avoid extra vitamin D intake due to normal level (42) and high calcium 
• 
I don't believe I mentioned it today; heavy metals (mercury, lead, and arsenic) 
are all normal 
• 
Everything else is normal except pending estradiol and testosterone ; they 
should be back Wednesday or Thursday this week 
• 
Do you want copies of your final lab reports? 
• 
Follow up in 1 month to recheck cholesterol, triglycerides, uric acid, urine 
(cytology), hemoglobin A1C , and muscle enzyme (CK) 
• 
We can send you faxed or PDF of blood requisition to do these (fasting -
nothing to eat or drink except water past midnight) blood tests in Florida 
• 
Follow up with me one week after doing above blood tests; telephone or in 
person 
All supplements are available at 
Willner Chemists 
100 Park Avenue 
NYC, NY 10017 
EFTA00727374

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727375.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA. SUITE 1000 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON. MASSACHUSETTS 02116 
FAX (617)3304330 
NIGHT EMERGENCY: 
(617)901.3172 
Jeffrey Epstein 
E. 7151 Street 
New York, NY 
May 3, 2010 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
April 1, 2010 — April 30, 2010 
WEI 
Martin G. Weinberg: 
Kimberly Roman: 
hrs. 45 min. 
hrs. 12 min. 
Total Flours: 
MCW -65 hrs. 45 min. x $1,000 p/h = 
$ 65,750.00 
K11: 
- 27 hrs. 12 min. x $350 
= 
$ 9,519.96 
Previous Invoice: 
$ 58,250.00 
Total Fees Due: 
$133,519.96 
Yours truly, 
Martin G. 
(a9
t2
C
W 
rg 
EFTA00727375

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727376.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA. SUITE 1000 
EMAIL ADDRESSE.S: 
BOSTON. MASSACHUSETTS 02116 
FAX (617)3384538 
NIGHT EMERGENCY. 
(617)901-3472 
August 31. 2010 
Jeffrey Epstein 
E. 71" Street 
New York. NY 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
August 1, 2010 — August 31, 2010 
Martin G. Weinberg: 
hrs. 30 min. 
Kimberly Homan: 
hrs. 54 min. 
Total Hours: 
MGW - 13 hrs. 30 min. x S1,000 p/h = 
S 13,500.00 
KH: 
- 19 hrs. 54 min. x S 350 
= 
S 6,964.82 
(Legal work/research on Registration issues) 
Total: 
S 20,464.82 
Previous Invoice: 
S 89,482.79 
Payment Received. 
S 50,000.00 
Thank you. 
Balance of Previous Invoice: 
S 39,482.79 
Current Invoice: 
S 20,464.82 
Total Fees Due: 
S 59,947.61 
Yours truly, 
EFTA00727376

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727377.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA. SUITE 1000 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON. MASSACHUSETTS 02116 
FAX 01713384538 
NIGHT EMERGENCY: 
(617)9014471 
September 30, 2010 
Jeffrey Epstein 
E. 7 l a Street 
New York, NY 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
September 1, 2010 — September 30, 2010 
Martin G. Weinberg: 
Kimberly Homan: 
Total Hours: 
MGW - 13 his. IS min. X 51,000 
= 
hrs. 15 min. 
hrs. 30 min. 
$ 13,250.00 
KB: 
- 2 hrs. 30 min. x S 350 p/h = 
S 
875.00 
Total: 
14,125.00 
Previous Invoice: 
S 59,947.61 
Payment Received. 
S 30,000.00 
Thank you. 
Balance of Previous Invoice: 
S 29,947.61 
Current Invoice: 
S 14,125.00 
Total Fees Due: 
S 44,072.61 
Yours truly. 
Martin G. Weinb 
EFTA00727377

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727378.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
MAE NAZI, SUITE 1000 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON. MASSACIIWC17S 
FAN (O7) 3284531 
NIGHT EMERGENCE: 
017)ffrel-Ja: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
E. 71" Street 
New York, NY 
November 3, 2010 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
October 1, 2010 — October 31, 2010 
Martin C. Weinberg: 
Kimberly Homan: 
hrs. 5 min. 
hrs. 18 min. 
Total Hours: 
MOW - 27 h is. 5 mitt. x S1.000 p/h = 
$ 27,08330 
- 8 hrs. 18 min. x 5350 p/It = 
S 2,904.94 
Total: 
$ 29,988.24 
Balance of Previous Invoice: 
S 44,072.61 
Current Invoice: 
S 29,988.24 
Total Fees Due: 
S 74,060.85 
2010 Expenses to date: 
3/18-19/2010: Trip to West Palm (flight, hotel, taxi): 
S 
934.60 
4/26/10: Trip to West Palm (flight, taxi) 
S 
903.97 
10/13/10: Trip to New York (flight, taxi) 
$ 
194.82 
Westlaw (electronic research): 
S 1,105.43 
Total Expenses: 
S 3,138.82 
Total Invoice: 
S 77,199.67 
Martin C. Weinberg 
EFTA00727378

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727379.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
The Florida Science Foundation 
250 S. Australian Ave Suite 1404 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
143 Concord Avenue 
Lexington, Massachusetts 02421, USA 
Voice 
Fax:-
e-mail: 
11th of August 2009 
Transmitted by email 
Dear Jeffrey, 
LSJ Hammam, USVI 
Thank you for the payment of the June invoice. 
Please find attached an accounting for design consultancy services for July 2009 - time 
sheets for Andrew Levy and myself are attached. 
Hasan Khan 
Andrew Levy 
Total: 33 hours @ $ 250/hour$ 8,250.00 
Total: 128 hours @ $ 40/hour$ 5,120.00 
Total Fee: 
$ 13 370.00 
Amount due for July: $ 13,370.00 
Would you kindly settle by bank transfer, as previously. 
Thanks and kind regards, 
W01440 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
Encs. 
EFTA00727379
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
INVOICE for SERVICES 
For 1 - 31 July 2009 
LSJ Hammam Schematic Design, USVI 
PROFESSIONAL FEES 
Week 1. July 1-5 
Total: 5 hours 
$ 1,250.00 
Week 2. July 6-12 Includes site visit to LSJ 
Jul 7-9 for meetings 
Total: 16 hours 
$ 4,000.00 
Week 3. July 13-19 
Total: 5 hours 
$ 1,250.00 
Week 4. July 20-26 
Total: 4 hours 
$ 1,000.00 
Week 5. July 27-31 
Total: 3 hours 
$ 
750.00 
Total: 33 hours 
$ 
8,250.00 
Wadaflatanteta 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
111h August 2009 
EFTA00727380

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727381.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
The Florida Science Foundation 
250 S. Australian Ave Suite 1404 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
143 Concord Avenue 
Lexington, Massachusetts 02421, USA 
Voice: 
Fax: 
e-mail 
16th of July 2009 
Transmitted by email 
Dear Jeffrey, 
LSJ Hammam, USVI 
Thank you for the payment of the May invoice. 
Please find attached an accounting for design consultancy services and expenses for June 
2009 — time sheets for Andrew Levy and myself are attached. 
Hasan Khan 
Total: 5 hours @ $ 250/hour 
$ 1,250.00 
Andrew Levy 
Total: 94 hours @ $ 40/hour 
$ 3,760.00 
Total Fee: 
$ 4,010.00 
Expenses 
Postage 
$ 
78.00 
Amount due for June: $ 4,088.00 
Would you kindly settle by bank transfer, as previously. 
Thanks and kind regards, 
W4444t 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
Encs 
EFTA00727381
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
INVOICE for SERVICES 
For 1 — 31 May 2009 
LSJ Hammam Schematic Design, USVI 
PROFESSIONAL FEES 
Week 1. June 1-7 
Total: 5 hours 
$ 1,250.00 
(No design input for the rest of the month) 
EXPENSES (Receipts scans attached) 
Drawings mailed June 10th to: 
Wicksman/Gensler 
$ 
27.28 
Gary Kearney 
$ 
25.70 
Jeffrey Epstein 
$ 
25.25 
Total: 
$ 
78.23 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
16th July 2009 
EFTA00727382

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727383.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
143 Concord Avenue 
Lexington, Massachusetts 02421, USA 
Voice 
Fax: 
e-mai : 
51h of April 2009 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Epstein Interests 
The Villard House 
457 Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
Dear Jeffrey, 
LSJ Hammam, USVI 
Transmitted by email to Lesley Groff 
Please find attached an accounting for design consultancy services for March 2009 — time 
sheets for Andrew Levy and myself are attached. 
Hasan Khan 
Andrew Levy 
Total: 27 hours @ $ 250/hour$ 6,750.00 
Total: 110 hours @ $ 40/hour$ 4,400.00 
Total Fee: 
$ 11 150.00 
Advance in Hand: 
$ 3,060.00 
Amount Due: 
$ 8 090.00 
Would you kindly settle by cheque mailed to the above address, as previously. 
I am also attaching the landscape architects, Bradford Associates, invoice for the same 
period. Would you please pay them directly, by cheque to their address. 
I trust that this is in order. 
Kind regards, 
W014.40 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
Encs. 
EFTA00727383
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
INVOICE for SERVICES 
For 1 — 31 March 2009 
RE: LSJ Hammam Design, USVI 
PROFESSIONAL FEES 
Week 1. Mar 2-6 
LSJ trip Mar 7-8 
Week 2. Mar 9-15 
Week 3. Mar 16-22 
Week 4. Feb 23-31 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
51h April 2009 
Total: 4 hours 
Total: 1 % days (10 hours) 
Total: 3 hours 
Total: 4 hours 
Total: 6 hours 
Total Amount: 
$ 1,000.00 
$ 2,500.00 
$ 
750.00 
$ 1,000.00 
$ 1,500.00 
$ 6.750.00 
EFTA00727384

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727385.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Epstein Interests 
The Villard House 
457 Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
Dear Jeffrey, 
LSJ Hammam, USVI 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
143 Concord Avenue 
Lexington, Massachusetts 02421, USA 
Voice: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
23r' of June 2009 
Transmitted by email 
Please find attached an accounting for design consultancy services for May 2009 — time 
sheets for Andrew Levy and myself are attached. 
Hasan Khan 
Andrew Levy 
Total: 19 hours @ $ 250/hour$ 4,750.00 
Total: 137 hours @ $ 40/hour$ 5,480.00 
Total Fee: 
$ 10,230.00 
Amount due for May: $ 10,230.00 
Would you kindly settle by bank transfer, as previously. 
Thanks and kind regards, 
q‘a44a 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
Encs. 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
EFTA00727385
--- PAGE 2 ---
INVOICE for SERVICES 
For 1 — 31 May 2009 
LSJ Hammam Schematic Design, USVI 
PROFESSIONAL FEES 
Week 1. May 4-10 
Total: 4 hours 
$ 1,000.00 
Week 2. Apr 11-17 
Total: 7 hours 
$ 1,750.00 
Week 3. Apr 18-24 
Total: 3 hours 
$ 
750.00 
Week 4. May 25-31 
Total: 5 hours 
$ 1,250.00 
Total Amount: 
$ 4,750.00 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
111" May 2009 
EFTA00727386

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727387.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
358 El Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
Dear Jeffrey, 
LSJ Hammam, USVI 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
143 Concord Avenue 
Lexington, Massachusetts 02421, USA 
Voice: 
Fax 
e-mail: 
22nd of October 2009 
Transmitted by email 
Please find attached an accounting for design consultancy services for September 2009 -
time sheets for Andrew Levy and myself are attached. 
Hasan Khan 
Andrew Levy 
Total: 10 hours @ $ 250/hour$ 2,500.00 
Total: 68 hours @ $ 40/hour 
$ 2,720.00 
Total Fees: 
$ 5.220.00 
Amount due for August: $ 5,220.00 
Please settle by bank transfer, as previously. 
Thanks and kind regards, 
Wa44a 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
Encs. 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
EFTA00727387
--- PAGE 2 ---
INVOICE for SERVICES 
For 1 - 30 September 2009 
LSJ Hammam Schematic Design, USVI 
PROFESSIONAL FEES 
Week 1. Sep 1-6 
Total: 1 hour 
$ 
250.00 
Week 2. Sep 7-13 
Total: 5 hours 
$ 
1,250.00 
Week 3 & 4. Sep 14-27 
Total: 2 hours 
$ 
500.00 
Week 5. Sep 28-30 
Total: 2 hours 
$ 
500.00 
Total: 10 hours 
$ 
2,500.00 
Wewenueddia4act 
Hasan-Uddin Khan 
22nd October 2009 
EFTA00727388

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727389.pdf
----------------------------------------
McIntosh, Sawran, Peltz & Cartaya, P.A. 
1776 East Sunrise Boulevard 
Post Office Box 7990 
Fort Lauderdale. Florid 
- 
Tax Identification No.: 
June 19, 2009 
"PERSONAL & CONFIDENTIAL" 
Jack Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
Trust Account 
One Clearwater Centre 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
0366 
00001 
DMM 
Doe, Jane v. Jeffrey Epstein, 
BILLING SUMMARY 
and 
TOTAL FEES 
Bill Number 
Billed through 05/31/2009 
1.20 hrs 
$315.00 
TOTAL DISBURSEMENTS 
$7.20 
TOTAL CHARGES FOR THIS BILL 
$322.20 
NET BALANCE FORWARD 
$18,119.50 
TOTAL BALANCE NOW DUE 
$18,441.70 
EFTA00727389
--- PAGE 2 ---
McIntosh, Sawran, Peltz & Cartaya, P.A. 
Post Office Box 7990 
Fon Lauderdale. Florida 33338-7990 
Tax Identification No.: 65-0104621 
June 19, 2009 
"PERSONAL & CONFIDENTIAL" 
Jack Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
Trust Account 
One Clearwater Centre 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
0366 
00001 
DMM 
Doe, Jane v. Jeffrey Epstein, 
Balance forward 
Payments received since last bill 
and 
Bill Number 46894 
Billed through 05/31/2009 
$18,119.50 
$0.00 CR 
Net balance forward 
$18,119.50 
FOR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES RENDERED 
05/07/09 
CEB 
Telephone conference with attorney 
Critton regarding status of 
0.10 his 
settlement papers 
05/14/09 
DMM 
Review and analysis of correspondence from 
D. Critton, Esq., 
0.10 his 
enclosing original Stipulation of Dismissal with Prejudice and order on 
same for execution and entry 
05/14/09 
CEB 
Analysis of correspondence from attorney 
Critton to Judge 
0.20 his 
regarding Stipulation for Dismissal with Prejudice and proposed order 
for execution 
05/15/09 
CEB 
Preparation of correspondence to Ms. 
regarding executed 
0.30 hrs 
Stipulation of Dismissal with Prejudice and a proposed Order submitted 
to the court 
05/19/09 
CEB 
Telephone conference with attorney 
Critton regarding status of 
0.10 hrs 
the release 
05/20/09 
DMM 
Review order of dismissal and prepare memo regarding final needs in 
0.10 hrs 
file and stand-by representation in future depositions if needed 
05/20/09 
DMM 
Review and analysis of Order Dismissing (action) with Prejudice, signed 
0.10 hrs 
by Judge Hafele, on May 13, 2009 
05/20/09 
CEB 
Analysis of executed Order Dismissing with Prejudice 
0.20 hrs 
Total fees for this matter 
$315.00 
DISBURSEMENTS 
04/03/09 
Prints at 0.30 
0.30 
EFTA00727390
--- PAGE 3 ---
Doe, Jane v. Jeffrey Epstein, 
Bill Na 
46294 
Page 
04/28/09 
Prints at 0.30 
1.20 
05/14/09 
Prints at 0.30 
0.30 
05/14/09 
Prints at 0.30 
1.20 
05/15/09 
Prints at 0.30 
0.30 
05/15/09 
Prints at 0.30 
0.30 
05/15/09 
Prints at 0.30 
1.20 
05/15/09 
Prints at 0.30 
0.60 
05/20/09 
Prints at 0.30 
0.90 
05/20/09 
Prints at 0.30 
0.60 
05/20/09 
Prints at 0.30 
0.30 
Total disbursements for this matter 
$7.20 
BILLING SUMMARY 
TIMEKEEPER RECAP 
Blanton, Camille E 
Senior Associate 
0.90 hrs 
250.00 
$225.00 
McIntosh, Douglas M. 
Partner 
0.30 hrs 
300.00 
$90.00 
DISBURSEMENT RECAP 
Photocopies 
$7.20 
TOTAL FEES 
1.20 hrs 
$315.00 
TOTAL DISBURSEMENTS 
$7.20 
TOTAL CHARGES FOR THIS BILL 
$322.20 
NET BALANCE FORWARD 
$18,119.50 
TOTAL BALANCE NOW DUE 
$18,441.70 
A 1.5% monthly (18% annual) service charge will be added to any amounts not paid within 60 days 
from date of original invoice. 
EFTA00727391

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727392.pdf
----------------------------------------
2404 Rambla Pacifico 
Malibu, CA 90265 
Tel. 
September 12, 2010 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EBrillo Way 
Palm Beach, FL 
INVOICE 
For Computer Consulting Services 
$20,000 
Payable upon Receipt of Invoice 
BY WIRE TO: 
Wiring Instructions: 
To Isabel Maxwell. Wells Far o Bank 
Account 
ABA Routing # 121042882 
SWIFT Code = WFBIUS6S 
Address: 2401 Rambla Pacifico St 
Malibu, CA 90265 USA 
Tel. 
THANK YOU 
EFTA00727392

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727393.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sprint ) 0
Customer: Jeffrey E. Epstein 
William Murphy 
Sales Rep.: Trevor Andersen 
Status: DRAFT 
Master Quote No.: 
Quote No.: 
Service Type: 
Term: 
Total MRC: 
Total N RC: 
MI93OD7S2728 
193QD7SW994 
Global MPLS 
VPN 
years 
$ 2805.60 
$ 816.00 
MRC Pricing Summary 
Promotion/Router and Bundle Offers 
Site n 
NPA-
NXX/ 
Country 
787-775 
City, State/ Address 
PUEBLOVIEJ, PR 
Access Price 
I S 1150.60 
Port/Bundle 
Price 
$ 990.00 
Site Total 
2805.60 
Total MRC: $ 
Access charge included in bundled price. 
List of Sites for This Quote 
2806.60 
Edit Sites 
NPA-
NXX/ 
Site Country 
City, State/ 
Address 
Status 
Type 
1. 
787-775 
PUEBLOVIEJ. PR 
Access Access 
New -
SPA 
Port Speed 
Bundle Rate 
Type 
mbps (2.0xT1 
Ti 
P-A 
MMB) 
Flat 
EFTA00727393

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727394.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sprint ) 0
Customer: Jeffrey E. Epstein 
William Murphy 
Sales Rep.: Trevor Andersen 
Status: DRAFT 
Master Quote No.: 
Quote No.: 
Service Type: 
Term: 
Total MRC: 
Total NRC: 
MI93OD7S2728 
I93OD7SW994 
Global MPLS 
VPN 
years 
$ 5471.20 
$ 1632.00 
MRC Pricing Summary 
Promotion/Router and Bundle Offers 
Site 
NPA-
NXX/ 
Country 
787-775 
City, State/ Address 
PUEBLOVIEJ, PR 
Access Price 
$45.1631 90 
Port/Bundle 
Price 
$ 1,840.00 
Site Total 
5471.20 
Total MRC: $5471.20 
Access charge included in bundled price. 
List of Sites for This Quote 
Edit Sites 
NPA-
NXX/ 
City, State/ 
Access Access 
Site Country 
Address 
Status 
Type 
Port Speed 
1. 
787-775 
PUEBLOVIEJ. PR 
New -
SPA 
Bundle Rate 
Type 
mbps (4.0xT1 
Ti 
P-A 
MMB) 
Flat 
EFTA00727394

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727395.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
I 
I 
CROSS NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that on February 11, 2010 at 9:30 AM at Prose Court 
Reporting Agency, Inc. One Clearlake Centre, 250 South Australian Avenue, Suite 
1500, West Palm Beach, FL 33401, the undersigned attorney will take the deposition 
of: 
upon oral examination, before, Prose Court Reporting, Notary Public, or any other 
Notary Public or Officer duly authorized by law to take depositions in the State of 
Florida. The oral examination will continue from day to day until completed. The 
deposition is being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or both of the 
foregoing, or for such other purposes as are permitted under the applicable and 
governing rules. 
EFTA00727395
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119-MARRAIM 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing was served by e-mail on January 
AT, 2010 to: See attached service list. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(954) 524-2820 
954 524-2 
By: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00727396
--- PAGE 3 ---
Stuart S. Mermelstein 
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119•MARRel 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court - Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldbe er, Esq. 
D. Crittcn, Esq. 
• 
M n aI 
Jack 
• 
h 
II 
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell 
Richard Horace Willits 
C. Josefsberg 
EFTA00727397

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727398.pdf
----------------------------------------
Proposal 
S 
t_J INA 0 .›C (0))) 
The ultimate in home and Mobile Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHW EST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
DATE 
I 
7/23,2O1O 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) 50% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2)40% PAYMENT UPON DELIVERY 
OF ALL EQUIPMENT TO JOB SITE. 
3) 10% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
4) LABOR WILL BE BILLED WEEKLY 
AT TIME AND MATERIAL 
5) SEE ATTACHED TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS FOR FURTHER INFO. 
NAME 
Jeffery Epstein 
Address 71st Street 6th floor 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
QTY I PRI 
BRAND 
I 
PART # 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
I 
TOTAL 
JBL Synthesis 
Way Tower 
Center 
Subwooter 
Sub Amplifier 
$5,200.00 
$10,400.00 
$3,550.00 
$2.750.00 
$5,500.00 
$3,500.00 
ea 
JBL Synthesis 
1400 Array BG 
ea 
JBL Synthesis 
880 Array BG 
ea 
JBL Synthesis 
S2S 
ea 
JBL Synthesis 
S820 
PMC / Audio Control 
Total 
$22.950.00 
$12.500.00 
$4,250.00 
$2,850.00 
$5,700.00 
$5,900.00 
$2.500.00 
pr 
PMC 
PB1i 
Tower Speakers 
ea 
PMC 
CB6i 
Center Speaker 
ea 
JL Audio 
F112 
Subwooter 
ea 
Audio Control 
Maestro M3 
Preamp Processor 
ea 
Audio Control 
Pantages 
Channel Amp 
Screen Innovations 
Total 
$30,850.00 
$4,200.00 
$29,500.00 
ea 
SI Screen 
130" Diagonal 
Pro ector 
Motorized Screen 
Dual Lamp 1080p 
ea 
Digital Projection 
D Vision 
PAGE 1 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727398

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727399.pdf
----------------------------------------
INVOICE 
S 
0'_J 
N0 
.,‹ 40/a 
the ultimate in home and Mobile Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
DATE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) 50% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING
2) 40% PAYMENT UPON DELIVERY 
OF ALL EQUIPMENT TO JOB SITE. 
3) 10% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
4) LABOR WILL BE BILLED WEEKLY 
AT TIME AND MATERIAL 
5) SEE ATTACHED TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS FOR FURTHER INFO. 
NAME 
Jeffery Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTY PRI 
BRAND 
r 
PART # 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
I 
TOTAL 
ea 
Sound X 
LSJ Trip 
ea 
Sound X 
Zorro Trip 
ea 
ea 
Sound X 
Zorro trip 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
ea 
ea 
Denon 
ea 
Audio Control 
Surround Sound 
ea 
Klipsch 
Khorn 
Sat Site survey 
$800.00 
$2.400.00 
Airport Parking 
$93.00 
Projector and Sub repair 
$800.00 
51.600.00 
Airport Parking 
$62.00 
Speaker Projector 
$1.600.00 
WAP 
$179.00 
Car Rental 
$193.46 
Airport Parking trip 1 
$128.00 
Airport Baggage Fee 
575.00 
Airport Parking trip 2 
$128.00 
Blu-Ray Player 
$650.00 
EQ 
$1.050.00 
Replacment Tweeters 
$325.00 
$650.00 
Total 
$8.808.46 
PAGE 1 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727399

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727400.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 25, 2010 
Dear Jeffrey, 
I hope this note finds you well. I have not sent you a bill since we resolved our differences at the 
beginning of Oct. Since that time, I have devoted 16'/: hours to your case. This does not count any visit 
to you which combined social time with some discussion of the case. If you wish, I can provide the 
precise days and hours. The total comes to $18,975. 
Cordially, 
Alan 
EFTA00727400

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727401.pdf
----------------------------------------
September 3, 2010 
Dear Jeffrey, 
I hope this note finds you well. 
On Aug. 17, 2010 I emailed you a bill representing 17 'A hours of work between Feb. 18 and Aug. 3, 2010 
(a 5 % month period). 
Here are the specific details plus the details between August 14 and Sept 5, 20104: 
February: 
23: '/4 hour: work on privilege, emails (EM) 
25:'/. hour: phone call with Martin Weinberg (MW), EM 
(Not billed: Feb. 28: '/. hour phone call with JE: 10 minutes on Mideast, 5 minutes on case) 
March: 
5:'/. hour: calls MW, JE, JS 
—11: 'A hour: EM 
(Not billed: 12: 1'/: hour meeting) 
— 22; 1 1/4 hour: calls, EM, prep for meeting 
23: 8 % hours: meeting with state attorney in Palm Beach, deposition Edwards 
24: 1 hour: EM, review and calls 
— 30: % hour: EM 
April — May: 
April 1— May 26: 1' hour: EM, calls 
May 27: '/4 hour: EM, call 
May 31: 'A hour: call JE, EM 
June: 
6: % hour: calls 
26: % hour: calls MW, review 
July 
EFTA00727401
--- PAGE 2 ---
14:'/. hour 
19: % hour: Beast, JE call 
20:'/. hour: calls MW 
29: % hour: calls, EM, Beast 
July 30 — August 1: % hour EM, Review 
August 
— 3:'/. hour: calls, EM 
Since Aug. 3: 
Aug. 4— 23: '/. hour: calls, EM 
24:'/. hour: calls MW, JE 
The total to date comes to 19'/. hours with equals $22,137.50. 
Sincerely, 
Alan 
EFTA00727402

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727403.pdf
----------------------------------------
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
MEMORANDUM 
CONFIDENTIAL 
TO: 
ADA Lisa Friel, Chief, Sex Crimes Unit 
ADA Jennifer Gaffney, Deputy Chief, Sex Crimes Unit 
ADA Patrick Egan, Sex Crimes Bureau and Trial Bureau 40 
FROM 
Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C. 
Sandra Lynn Musumeci 
DATE 
October 7, 2010 
SUBJECT: 
SORA Determination for Jeffrey E. Epstein, NYSID # OSI909, 
Supreme Court Case # 30129-2010 
Jeffrey Epstein is ;4 57-year old financial advisor and philanthropist who maintains his 
primary residence in the U.S. Virgin Islands where he spends the majority of his time. He 
spends -limited time at but-owns-a-vacation homes in Manhattan, New Mexico and Florida. In 
connection with his vacation home in Manhattan, he —has -been advised that he -is required to 
register as a sex offender in New York under SORA by virtue of a single conviction for a 
prostitution-related offense, committed in Florida (wherehe-alse-ewris-a-vaeatien-heine)-dating 
back to 2005.
On June 30, 2008, Mr. Epstein pleaded guilty in the Circuit Court for Palm Beach 
County, Florida under an Information to the charge of Procuring a Person Under 18 for 
Prostitution, in violation of Fla. Stat. § 796.03.1 Mr. Epstein, who has never before been 
convicted of a crime, accepted responsibility for the offense alleged in the Information  his 
conduct -- which involved a consensual arrangement in which, at some unspecified times during 
a fourteen month period alleged in the Information,  he received massages and engaged in sexual 
touching in exchange for money with A.D., a young woman over the age of consent under New 
York law for all but two months of the fourteen month period during which this conduct is 
alleged to have occurred Asut--just-under--1-8-fer--all-but-two-ef-the-fouFteen-inonths—when-the
effeues-eited-in-the-Inferfustien—allegedhi-essucced, - and agreed to a sentence which required 
him to  serve thirteen months in jail, followed by one year of community control in Florida. 
Since his release from incarceration, Mr. Epstein previously registered as a sex offender 
in Florida (the state of his offense) when he was a full-time resident of that state. More 
importantly. Mr. Epstein is registered with the authorities of the U.S. Virgin Islands. where he 
actually maintains his primary residence and spends the majority of his time. He has registered 
Jeffrey Epstein concurrently pleaded guilty to an Indictment charging him with one count of Felony 
Solicitation for Prostitution, Ha. Stat. § 796.07(2Xf), (4)(c). This charge does not involve any sexual contact with 
underage women and is not a registerable offense under Florida or New York law. See Ha. Stat. § 943.0435; N.Y. 
Correction Law § 168-a(2Xa). 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727403
--- PAGE 2 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
and keeps his registration current under that jurisdiction's Sexual Offender and Community 
Protection Act.2 See 14 V.I.C. 1721 et seq.. Notably, the Virgin Islands -- which arguably has 
the greatest incentive to keep a watchful eye on Mr. Epstein, since that is where he spends the 
bulk of his time -- only requires Mr. Epstein to register with authorities once annually for the 
next fifteen years. See 14 V.I.C. 1724(d), (e). Under the Virgin Island's registration scheme, 
Mr. Epstein qualifies at the lowest level, and accordingly. he is registered as a "sex offender." as 
opposed to a "habitual sexual offender" or "sex predator," which would trigger more onerous 
reporting requirements. See Virgin Islands Sexual Offender/Sexual Predator Registration Form, 
August 9. 2010 (Exhibit D):3 see also 14 V.I.C. 
1722(b), 1724(d). Moreover, the Virgin 
Islands explicitly mandates that should Mr. Epstein move out of the U.S. Virgin Islands, he must 
register his new address with the U.S. Virgin Islands Department of Justice before leaving, and 
must also register with his new state of residence within 10 days. See 14 V.I.C. e 1724(c). In 
short, the U.S. Virgin Islands, as the jurisdiction with primary oversight of Jeffrey Epstein, 
maintains firm supervision over Mr. Epstein's whereabouts. And in that jurisdiction's judgment, 
Mr. Epstein does not pose sufficient risk of reoffense to merit a high level of monitoring. 
In addition to his registration in the U.S. Virgin Islands and Florida. Mr. Epstein is also 
registered in New Mexico, a State which specifically advised Mr. Epstein's counsel that Mr. 
Epstein's registration is not required under New Mexico Law. Sinee-his-release-frem 
where-he-hes-been-teld-that-registfatien-was-get-a-state-Fetiirement-in-his-easer(where-he-eives-a
vacation-property). Significantly, all of all-ec these jurisdictions, upon considering the offense 
and conduct which triggered Mr. Epstein's duty to register, determined that Mr. Jeffrey-Epstein 
posed a minimal risk to society, and accordingly imposed upon him their lowest reporting 
obligations. (In fact, as stated above. -New Mexico determined that Mr. Epstein need not register 
under that state's sex offender registration law at all.) The low-level risk determinations made 
by these three separate jurisdictions are entirely appropriate, given the location of-Mr. Epstein's 
primary residence in the United States Virgin Islands. his  history and personal characteristics, 
the circumstances of the offense which triggered the registration requirement, his acceptance of 
responsibility, his successful completion of a jail sentence and subsequent supervision in Florida, 
and the extraordinary improbability that he will ever re-offend in any state. 
Mere-impeFtantlyr  Mr-rEpstein-is-r-egistered-Ns4th-the-agtherities-ef-theWArgin 
Islandsr vehefe-he-astuagy-maintains-his-pfimary-reskleneerNe-kas-Fegistered-and-keeps-bis 
regictration current under that juriedietion's SeKual Offender and Community Protection Act.4
For the avoidance of doubt, the U.S. Virgin Islands is one of the principal territories of the United States 
(along with Puerto Rice Guam, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands), and accordingly is a "covered 
jurisdiction" subject to and covered by the federal Sexual Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 
U.S.C.A. & 16901 et seq.. 
The attached registration form (Exhibit D), is Mr. Epstein's most recent registration form, filed on August 
9.2010 when he returned to the U.S. Virgin Islands upon completing his period of community control in Florida. 
Mr. Epstein first registered with Virgin Island authorities upon his release from incarceration. 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727404
--- PAGE 3 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
See-Mat-setyrNetably
r  the-Virtifrislands--whielmeguably-has-the-greatest 
ineentive-te-keep-a-watencal-eye-en-MfrEpmeinr  sinee-that-is-wheFe-he-spends-the-halk-of--his 
time—enirrequires-Mr-rEpatein-te-register-witli-ainhenties-anee-annually-fer-the-next-fifteen 
yearsr See-14-a
der--the-V-irgin-Island=s-Fegisnation-sehemer  MfrEpsiein 
qualifies-ai-the-lewest4eyelr  and-aseerdinglyr  he-is-regiateced4S-asen-effender
s-eppiased-ie-a 
"habitual sexual offender" or "sex predator," which would trigger more onerous reporting 
requirements. Sec Virgin Hands Sexual Offender/Sexual Predator Registration Form, August-93
20-1-0-(-Exhibit-B-W-see-alse-1-4-3a40)=Mereeyerr 
theNngin4alanas 
explisidy-fnandates-that-sheold-Jefffey-Epstein-Eneye-out-ef-ine-144,44-014elandsr  he-caust 
nagister--his-Rew-addfess-wah-thWrtin-lslands-lDepar-tinen4-af-Jasiiee-befoFe4eavingr  and 
must-alse-register-with-his-new-stete-eiresinenee-within-1-0-nayarSee-121-1
-1-724(e)r le 
short, the U.S. Virgin Islands, as the jurisdiction with primary oversight of Jeffrey Epstein,
maintains-finn-supetyisien-ever-MfrEpatein1/2 -Nyhereabauisr Ana-in-thet-jurisdietienss-judgrnenh 
risk
New York has even less of a basis to adjudge Mr. Epstein as anything other than the 
lowest level offender -- Level 1 under SORA -- than do the U.S. Virgin Islands and  Florida-end 
the-134,-Virgin4alands. Whereas Mr. Epstein maintains his permanent residence in the Virgin 
Islands and spends most of his time there, and Florida was the site of the offense which triggered 
Mr. Epstein's reporting duty under that state's sex offender registration statute, Mr. Jeffrey 
Epstein's duty to register under SORA in New York is based solely on the fact that he owns a 
vacation home here. More significantly, as set forth in detail within this memorandum, the sole 
offense which has triggered Mr. Epstein's duty to register under SORA in New York would have 
been, at most, a misdemeanor if committed in New York instead of Florida. Furthermore, there 
is compelling reason to believe that such an offense would not even be registerable under New 
York law, given a lack of evidence about the specific age of the victim at the time of the relevant 
conduct -- an issue that was immaterial under the relevant Florida statute but which is critical to 
determining the applicability of SORA under New York law. Based on all of these factors, Mr. 
Epstein's categorization under SORA-, if required to register at all, should -we believe should-be 
be properly adjudged as no higher thant- Level 1. 
Without minimizing the seriousness of the charges to which Mr. Jeffrey-Epstein pleaded 
guilty in Florida, it must be noted that sole offense for which Mr. Epstein is required to register 
in New York under SORA -- a June 30, 2008 plea in the Circuit Court for Palm Beach County, 
Florida under an Information to the charge of Procuring a Person Under 18 for Prostitution, in 
violation of Fla. Stat. & 796.03 -- would have constituted, at most, a misdemeanor if committed 
in New York instead of Florida. Specifically, the nearest cognate crime under New York law 
For (ho avoidenee-of doubt. the U.S. Virgin liuIond in one of the prineipel-4erritorioa of the-United States 
calong-witli-Pliene-Rice—Goam—osawkerisan-Samea—anchthe-Isieftheco-K4ariarka4slands4—and-acooRtiogly-is-acovered 
5—The-attashed-registrationawm-(Exhibit-D)—is-Mr-rEpstein4-most-ivrant-pegistration-ferm—fied-onaugus4 
9-2040-witen-Ite-retttroed-te-the-irkFrsiirgin4slarrels-upoweentletiftt his-peried-ofeonitneftitli-eentral-in-Fler-ido, 
MrrEpatein first registered with Virgin4slend-euthorities-upen-his-releese-froni-ineareeretion, 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727405
--- PAGE 4 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
between in-2004 and 2005 (the alleged time period time-of the offense at issue) was Patronizing 
a Prostitute in the Third Degree, P.L. 
§ 230.04, which only criminalized prostitution between 
a "john" over twenty-one years of age and a prostitute less than seventeen years of age. See P.L. 
§ 230.04, McKinney's Penal Law 
sc 230.04 (2004).6
Perhaps more significantly, because of a critical distinction between the Florida statute to 
which Mr. Epstein pleaded guilty and the New York cognate, it is not even clear that Mr. Epstein 
committed an offense which is registerable under New York law. While the Florida law 
criminalizes patronizing a prostitute who is under the age of eighteen (i.e. 16 and 17 years old), 
the equivalent New York law only encompasses patronizing a prostitute who is under the age of 
seventeen. Here, Mr. Epstein pleaded guilty to an Information that charged him with procuring 
"A.D.." a woman under the age of 18 years, for prostitution during the period between on or 
about August 1, 2004 and October 9, 2005 (which was the day before AD's 18th birthday). See 
Palm Beach County Information. Case No. 08CF9381 (Exhibit G). Because the Florida 
prosecutor had no need to determine whether there was probable cause -- let alone ne-1030-"clear 
and convincing evidence" (the standard required to support a SORA adjudication) -- to believe 
that any acts of prostitution occurred specifically when A.D. was sixteen, versus during the year 
that she was seventeen (since such a distinction is irrelevant under Florida law), there is no 
reliable basis to conclude that Mr. Epstein is even guilty of Patronizing a Prostitute in the Third 
Degree, P.L. § 230.04, under New York law. For that matter, unless it can be proven by clear 
and convincing evidence that that Mr. Epstein engaged in sexual conduct with A.D. in exchange 
for money specifically during the time that she was 16. Mr. Epstein is not guilty of any 
registerable offense under New York law, and indeed, by the terms of the SORA statute itself, 
should not be required to register. See Correction Law § 168-a(2)(a)(i).7
Indeed, nothing about Mr. Jeffrey-Epstein's interactions with A.D. -- other than A.D.'s 
age, which she concealed from him and has not been established to be under the age of consent 
under New York law fis-this-eerreeal-YES--- even suggests any degree dangerousness. The 
sole conviction which now triggers Mr. Epstein's duty to register in New York under SORA 
stemmed from consensual conduct that ended nearly five years ago. when he received massages 
and engaged in sexual touching in exchange for money with A.D., a young woman over the age 
of consent under New York law for all but two of the fourteen months at issue and never clearly 
specified in the Information. Mr. Epstein's interactions with A.D. did not involve assault or 
violence of any sort, nor did Mr. Epstein ever force himself or any particular contact or activity 
upon A.D.: At no time (whether before or during their interactions) did Epstein exercise any 
supervisory or other position of authority over A.D., nor did she suffer from any mental 
disability, incapacity, or physical helplessness. Instead, A.D. voluntarily came to visit Mr. 
Penal Law section 230.04 was amended in 2007 to eliminate any particular age parameters, such that it now 
states "A person is guilty of patronizing a prostitute in the third degree when he or she patronizes a prostitute" 
P.L. §230.04. 
Even under the broader scope of P.L. § 230.04 in effect today. Patronizing a Prostitute in the Third Degree 
is only registerable under SORA where the woman patronized for prostitution is under the age of seventeen. See 
Correction Law § 168-a(2)(a)(i) (stating that § 230.04 is a registerable offense "where the person patronized is in 
fact less than seventeen years of age"). 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727406
--- PAGE 5 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Epstein at his Florida home on various occasions on her own accord for the purpose of 
participating in what she apparently viewed as a lucrative business transaction. Given all of these 
considerations, Mr. Epstein's behavior, while perhaps criminal and registerable under the laws of 
Florida, just barely falls within the range of conduct viewed as sufficiently harmful to trigger 
SORA registration requirements here in New York -- if indeed it even qualifies as registerable at 
all. At most, Mr. Epstein was guilty of a misdemeanor under New York law, and accordingly 
his registration obligations under SORA should reflect this relative lack of severity of his 
offense. 
I. 
SORA Is Designed To Impose Reporting Requirements Upon Offenders In 
Proportion To The Threat They Pose To The Public So That They May Be 
Adequately Monitored 
As you are well aware, New York's Sex Offender Registration Act (SORA), Correction 
Law § 168 et at is intended to impose the most stringent reporting requirements on those sex 
offenders most likely to reoffend and cause the most grave harm to society, while imposing less 
restrictive (but still substantial) reporting obligations on those persons convicted of a qualifying 
sex offense who pose less danger to the People of the State of New York. SORA is not intended 
to be punitive, but rather, is a protective mechanism designed to shield the public from sexual 
offenders by enabling law enforcement officials to monitor offenders in proportion to their 
dangerousness and likelihood to reoffend. Accordingly, the three levels of reporting -- which 
dictate the depth and frequency of an individual's reporting to law enforcement and the degree to 
which such information may be disseminated to the public -- are based upon an assessment of the 
offender's "danger to the community": Level 1 (risk of repeat offense is low), Level 2 (risk of 
repeat offense is moderate), and Level 3 (risk of repeat offense is high). See Correction Law 
§168-k(2), §168-1(I), (2), (3). 
In crafting SORA, the Board clearly contemplated that offenders should be categorized 
based on consideration of two separate, forward-looking factors: "risk of a repeat offense" and 
"threat posed to the public safety." Correction Law § 168-1(5) (emphasis added). Indeed, the 
Commentary to SORA's Risk Assessment Guidelines states this principle explicitly and provides 
instructive elaboration: 
As the Act makes clear, the threat posed by a sex offender depends 
upon two factors: (i) the offender's likelihood of reoffense and (ii) 
the harm that would be inflicted if he did reoffend. Some 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727407
--- PAGE 6 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
offenders repeatedly reoffend, but the harm they inflict, which not 
insubstantial, is less grave. Others may pose a lesser likelihood of 
recidivism, especially if properly supervised, but the harm would 
be great if they were to reoffend... The guidelines seek to capture 
both these elements -- the probability of reoffense and the harm 
therefrom -- in determining an offender's risk level. It is important 
to note that the risk level seeks to capture not only an offender's 
risk of reoffense but also the harm posed by a particular offender 
should he reoffend. 
Sex Offender Registration Act: Risk Assessment Guidelines and Commentary, Commentary 
(2006) at 2, ¶ 1. Reading between the lines, the Commentary makes clear that the SORA 
Guidelines are intended to differentiate between relative risks posed by those who have 
committed qualifying sexual offenses; designating a person as a Level 1 is not tantamount to 
condoning that person's past misconduct, but merely is a recognition that the person poses a low 
risk of committing future crimes, and any transgressions that such person might commit in the 
future, however improbable, are unlikely to cause the same grave societal harm as, for example, 
a sexually violent rapist. 
In short, the Guidelines make clear that where a person poses a low risk of reoffense and 
where the person's misconduct falls toward the less egregious side of the sexual offense 
spectrum, the proper SORA adjudication is Level 1. As set forth further below, that is precisely 
where Jeffrey Epstein belongs. 
II. 
Jeffrey Epstein Poses Little To No Threat Of Reoffending Or Causing Harm To The 
Public Safety Of The People Of New York 
A. 
Risk of Reoffense 
With respect to the first and primary factor in a SORA assessment, Jeffrey-Mr. Epstein 
presents little to no risk of committing further sexual offenses -- particularly in New York. 
Indeed, the reasoned opinion of a psychological expert who has worked with Mr. Epstein, the 
measured judgments of law enforcement agencies who have supervised him, and the minimal 
reporting requirements imposed by other jurisdictions exercising authority over him since his 
conviction, particularly the jurisdiction of his primary residence all support the conclusion that 
Jeffrey-Mr. Epstein has demonstrated himself to be a person worthy of trust and presenting little 
to no threat of reoffense. 
The resoluteness of Mr. Epstein's desire and commitment to lead a law abiding life is 
echoed in the observations and opinion of the clinical psychologist who first evaluated Mr. 
Epstein in May 2006. following his arrest for the instant offense. and who has worked with him 
over the past several years. That doctor, Stephen R. Alexander, PSy.D., has praised Mr. 
Epstein's cooperativeness, self-reflection, and receptiveness to treatment throughout their 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727408
--- PAGE 7 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
sessions. Drawing from his evaluation and interaction with Mr. Epstein in therapy, as well as his 
own considerable experience as a forensic psychologist, Dr. Alexander opined: 
Relying upon my 25 years of experience as a forensic psychologist 
and the plethora of data gathered by me, I state with confidence 
that Mr. Epstein poses no threat to himself or the community. It is 
abundantly clear that he has learned his lesson and the probability 
of his reoffending is negligible. Mr. Epstein poses no threat to 
either himself or the general community, and he requires no 
additional intervention or treatment for his no-risk/low-risk status 
to be maintained into the future. 
Letter of Stephen R. Alexander. Psy.D. to Jack Goldberger. Esq.. August 16. 2010 (Exhibit 
Indeed this has proven to be correct, as Mr. Epstein has had no instances of criminal or sexual 
misconduct whatsoever during the past five years, ever since the time that the Florida matter 
began and Mr. Epstein was put on notice about the illegality of his conduct, despite its 
consensual nature. His consistent and absolute compliance with the law for this five-year period 
is compelling proof that Jeffrey Epstein poses little or no risk of recidivism. 
In addition, First, the decisions made by numerous law enforcement agencies in Florida, 
where Jeffrey-Mr. Epstein was convicted of the instant offense and served his sentence, as well 
as the outcomes of those decisions, are instructive and lend strong support to the notion that 
ref 
Mr. Epstein poses little risk of reoffense. The Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office, 
which had custody of Mr. Epstein during his thirteen months of incarceration, approved Mr. 
Epstein for that Oeffice's work release program and permitted him to leave the jail and report to 
work on a daily basis from October 2008 until his release in July 2009. See Letter of Deputy K. 
Smith of August 12, 2010 (Exhibit A). While serving his year of community control, both the 
Circuit Court in Palm Beach and Mr. Epstein's assigned probation officer granted Mr. Epstein's 
requests for permission to travel briefly outside Florida for business purposes on numerous 
occasions. See, e.g., Order of Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit for Palm Beach 
County of December 18, 2009 (Exhibit B) (allowing Epstein to travel overnight on weekdays for 
business pending 48-hour notice and approval of his probation officer). Mr. Epstein successfully 
complied with the all of the restrictions imposed on him and completed his incarceration and 
probation without incident. 
Perhaps more significantly, Florida -- the Sstate where Jeffrey Epstein was actually 
convicted of the prostitution offense that obligated him, when he was full—time resident of that 
State. -to register as a sex offender under Florida law (and as a result of the Florida conviction, to 
register under New York law) -- designated Mr. Epstein as the lower of two levels of sex 
offender under that Sstate's sex offender registration act. See Letter of Jack A. Goldberger to 
New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services, August 12, 2010 (Exhibit C); see also 
Fla. Stat. § 775.21 (Florida sexual predator statute), 
§ 943.0435 (Florida sexual offender 
statute). Even more tellingly, Florida then imposed upon Mr. Epstein the most minimal of 
reporting requirements-, to be followed if,; and only if, he returned as a full—time resident. 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727409
--- PAGE 8 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Currently. if he stays more than five days at 
he has been asked to call to notify the 
Ssheriff's Oeffice-te-netify-them, nothing mu.. HeMr. Epstein has been told that he need not 
register again unless he is actually present in Florida there-as a resident during the month of his 
birth.under-that-sex-effender-designatieri- #le-ilf he moved back full time to Florida-, which he 
is not intending to do, Mr. Epstein -would be -Hquiring-hierequired -to report to Florida 
authorities only two times per year. _ See Letter of Jack A. Goldberger to New York State 
Division of Criminal Justice Services, August 12, 2010 (Exhibit C). 
SintilerlyMore importantly-, Jeffrey-Mr. Epstein is registered with the authorities of the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, where he actually maintains his primary residence. —He has registered and 
keeps his registration current his-registmties—under that jurisdiction's Sexual Offender and 
Community Protection Act.8 See 14 V.I.C. § 1721 et seq.. Notably, the Virgin Islands -- which 
arguably has the greatest incentive to keep a watchful eye on Mr. Epstein, since that is where he 
spends the bulk of his time -- only requires Mr. Epstein to register with authorities once 
annually for the next fifteen years. See 14 V.I.C. § 1724(d), (e). Under the Virgin Island's 
registration scheme, Mr. Epstein qualifies at the lowest level, and accordingly, he is registered as 
a "sex offender," as opposed to a "habitual sexual offender" or "sex predator," which would 
trigger more onerous reporting requirements. See Virgin Islands Sexual Offender/Sexual 
Predator Registration Form, August 9, 2010 (Exhibit D);9 see also 14 V.I.C. §§ 1722(b), 
1724(d). Moreover, the Virgin Islands explicitly mandates that should Jeffrey Epstein move out 
of the U.S. Virgin Islands, he must register his new address with the U.S. Virgin Islands 4, 
Department of Justice before leaving, and must also register with his new state of residence 
within 10 days. See 14 V.I.C. § 1724(c). In short, the U.S. Virgin Islands, as the jurisdiction 
with primary oversight of Jeffrey Epstein, maintains firm supervision over Mr. Epstein's 
whereabouts. And in that jurisdiction's judgment, Mr. Epstein does not pose sufficient risk of 
reoffense to merit a high level of monitoring. 
Notably, New Mexico (another Sstate where Mr. Epstein owns a vacation home) has 
determined that it will not require Mr. Epstein to register at all under that Sstate's sexual 
offender reporting statute, despite his Florida conviction and the conduct alleged in connection 
therewith. See Letter of Regina Chacon, New Mexico Department of Public Safety to Jeffery E. 
Epstein, August 19, 2010 (Exhibit E); see also NMSA 1978, § 29-11A-3(E). Notwithstanding 
the Sstate's determination that he need not register, Mr. Epstein voluntarily chose to register with 
New Mexico authorities in order to comply with federal requirements under the Sexual Offender 
Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 U.S.C.A. § 16901 et seq.: In New Mexico, as 
well as all the other jurisdictions where he owns a residence or vacation home, Mr. Epstein has 
For the avoidance of doubt, the U.S. Virgin Islands is one of the principal territories of the United States 
(along with Puerto Rice, Guam, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands), and accordingly is a "covered 
jurisdiction" subject to and covered by the federal Sexual Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), 42 
U.S.C.A. § 16901 et seq.. 
The attached registration form (Exhibit D), is Mr. Epstein's most recent registration form, filed on August 
9, 2010 when he returned to the U.S. Virgin Islands upon completing his period of community control in Florida. 
Mr. Epstein first registered with Virgin Island authorities upon his release from incarceration. 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727410
--- PAGE 9 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
demonstrated a commitment to go beyond what is demanded of him to remain in full compliance 
with the law. 
Curiously, the reviewer from the Board of Examiners of Sex Offenders recommended 
that Mr. Jeffrey-Epstein be designated a Level 3 offender, notwithstanding the absence of any 
key factors that even remotely suggesting that he might pose a dangerous risk of reoffense or 
significant harm to society. Upon closer inspection, the Case Summary accompanying the Board 
recommendation reveals that the reviewer improperly considered and elaborated upon a host of 
unsupported hearsay allegations from an 86-page police report that has been proven materially 
false in numerous key respects and was largely discredited by prosecutors. This is patently 
improper under SORA, as the Guidelines direct that only "reliable hearsay evidence" may be 
considered and points should not be assessed for a factor "unless there is clear and convincing 
evidence or the existence of that factor." See Correction Law §§ 168-d(3), 168-n(3); Sex 
Offender Registration Act: Risk Assessment Guidelines and Commentary, Commentary (2006) 
at 5, ¶ 7; In addition, the SORA Guidelines explicitly provide, "The fact that an offender was not 
indicted for an offense may be strong evidence that the offense did not occur." Sex Offender 
Registration Act: Risk Assessment Guidelines and Commentary, Commentary (2006) at 5, ¶ 7. 
Here, the Board reviewer completely ignored the fact that Mr. Epstein was only 
convicted of non-violent offenses related to consensual prostitution activity, and instead scored 
Mr. Epstein for "forcible compulsion" by manufacturing a claim -- not even contained in the 
police report -- of "forcible rape" of a "16-year-old victim." Significantly, the allegations of this 
woman -- who was never able to state definitively in her discredited account to police that she 
was under 18 at the time she had intercourse with Mr. Epstein, and who only agreed to speak 
with detectives in an effort to curry favor with prosecutors after she was arrested for drug 
possession -- were encompassed in the single charge of Felony Solicitation for Prostitution, Fla. 
Stat. § 796.07(2)(0, (4)(c) -- an offense which is not registerable under Florida law. See Fla. 
Stat. § 943.0435. Despite the dramatic characterization of these allegations by the Board 
reviewer, no charge alleging scrape or sexual contact with a minor was ever prosecuted in 
connection with this woman -- by the Board's only words, "strong evidence" that such an 
offense did not occur. Sex Offender Registration Act: Risk Assessment Guidelines and 
Commentary, Commentary (2006) at 5,117. Similarly, notwithstanding SORA's clear direction 
about the quantum of evidence required to support scoring for a given risk assessment factor, the 
reviewer scored Mr. Epstein for "prior criminal history" while at the same time acknowledging 
the utter lack of "specific information" about an unexplained 1973 non-U.S., potentially non-
criminal offense. -Wtheffid-this-be-entitte47-1—The reviewer's willingness to assess Mr. Epstein 
points based on speculation that falls far short of "clear and convincing evidence" is at best 
improper, and at worst, suspect. 
Perhaps more egregious than the reviewer's indifference to the legal standard of evidence 
required to score an offender under SORA is the utter lack of rigor that the reviewer 
demonstrated in analyzing the allegations against Mr. Epstein. The "lump it all together" 
summary submitted in support of the reviewer's Level 3 recommendation makes no attempt to 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727411
--- PAGE 10 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
separate allegations conceming_potentially registerable offenses from alleged descriptions of 
non-violent sexual activity among consenting adults. In fact, the vast majority of allegations 
contained in the discredited police report involve women who were aged seventeen and above, or 
women who were unable to specify their ages and/or the timing of certain activities in which 
they claim to have willingly participated. Such allegations certainly are not a proper basis for 
assessing Mr. Epstein's risk level and supposed danger to society for purposes of a SORA 
determination. While case summaries prepared by the Board of Examiners of Sex Offenders 
with the knowledge that they will be relied on by courts generally constitute "reliable hearsay" in 
SORA hearings, the New York Court of Appeals has held that a Board case summary "may be 
rejected when it is unduly speculative or its accuracy is undermined by other more compelling 
evidence." People v. Mingo. 12 N.Y.3d 563, 573 (2009). Here, the case summary prepared by 
the Board reviewer should be summarily rejected as unduly speculative, unreliable, and plainly 
inaccurate. Indeed, the reviewer who completed Mr. Epstein's case summary betrayed an 
improper bias against what the reviewer perceived to be Mr. Epstein's personal -- but legal --
sexual preferences for women between the ages of 17 and 20 by offering the inflammatory, 
groundless, and thoroughly subjective contention that "Jeffrey Epstein used his wealth and 
power" in such a way so that he could "take advantage of many teenage girls to satisfy his own 
sexual perversions." See Case Summary at 2. Such skewed, conclusory personal opinion has no 
place in a legal risk assessment instrument. 
In short, the Level 3 recommendation of the Board in this case is legally and factually 
uninsupportable and should be wholly disregarded. The Board's recommendation completely 
distorts the record and does not reflect an accurate and reasoned evaluation of the actual risk 
posed to the People of the State of New York by hfcreyMr. Epstein. Mr. Epstein hardly 
represents the "worst of the worst" of sex offenders required to register, and for this reason 
alone, the Board's recommendation should be rejected. 
The-reselaterress-ef-Jeffrey-Epmein1/2 -elesife-and-cemmitment-te-learl-a-lay.Labieling-lice4 
further-eeheetl-in-the-ebsemaiens-and-epinien-ef--the-elinieal-psyehelogistawhe-first-evaltrateel 
MfrEpstein-in-May40067-follewingais-arrest-fec-the-inetan‘effeneer and-whe-kas-werked-with 
him-evec-the-past-sevecal-yeaffirThat-deeterr StephenarAlexanderr P
Faised-Mft 
Epstcin's cooperativeness, self reflection, and rcccptivencso to treatment threaghetttthek 
sessiens,Drawing-frem-his-evaluatien-and-interaetien-with-MfrEpstein-in-thempyr as-wel4-as4is 
own-sensidefahle-expecienee-as-a-fereesis-psyshelegistr DfrAlexander-epineth 
Relying upon my 25 . 
of experience an a f  rensic p ehelegist
and the pletho... of data gathered b y me T state with confdence
that-MfrEpsteifrpeses-ne-threet-te-himself -0f-the-eemmunityr It-is 
abundantly elear-that-he-hasieamedaifrleg5en-aad-the-prebability 
of -his-reeffendin
egligibleMfrEpstein-peses-ne-threat-te 
either--himself-of-the-geneFal-sommunityr  and-he-requires-no 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727412
--- PAGE 11 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
atitii+iontil-interyention or treatinent-fer-his-ne-welettew-Ftek-Thetas 
te-be-maintainetl-inte-the-futute, 
etter-ef--Stephen-Rr Atettanflerr PerDrto-Jaelt-Goldberger-7 Esr2otugust-I-6720-1-0-(-Etthibit-F)7 
II:Klee/dr  this-ltes-preven-te-be-eeffeetr as-/V-PrEpstein-hes4tiffine-instanees-ofethififfabor-sernoi 
miseenduet4vhatseeveduring-the-past-fiveyearsr e*er-4nee-the-time-that-the-Florida-raatter 
began-Em€1441-rEpstein-vetts-put-en-netiee-about-the-illegality-efitis-eemittetr  despite-its 
eensectsual4mtur-er His-eensistent-and-abselitte-eentplianee-with-the4aw-fec-this-five-year--peried 
is-eempekling-preef-that4effrey-Epetein-peses-littletne-risleof-reeklivient 
Finally, Mr. Epstein has a remarkable personal history which further compels the 
conclusion that he is unlikely to ever violate the law again. Discovering a love of math and 
science as a young man, he worked his way up from being a college drop-out from a middle-
class Brooklyn neighborhood to become a highly successful financial advisor, as well as founder 
and patron of Tthe C.O.U.Q Foundation Inc. and Enhanced Education, charitable organizations 
which, among other things, fund numerous philanthropic entities, educational grants and 
activities, as well as medical and advanced scientific research at top universities and academies 
around the world. For well over 50 years, Mr. Epstein has lived, and will continue to live, as a 
productive, philanthropic, and law-abiding member of society, not a recidivist criminal. Indeed, 
Mr. Epstein's guilty pleas to the instant offenses in 2008, when he was 55 years old, mark the 
first and only criminal convictions of Mr. Epstein's life. Mr. Epstein's willingness to 
acknowledge his guilt and agree to leave the comforts of his home to serve thirteen months 
behind bars, followed by a year of community supervision, is a testament to both his acceptance 
of responsibility for his crimes and his motivation to learn from his mistakes. While he 
admittedly lost his way, the harsh lessons of the past few years have, as observed by Dr. 
Alexander, have helped Jeffrey Epstein refocus and recommit to directing his personal energies 
to productive experiences to the fullest extent possible. Mr. Epstein is not in any way a typical 
sex offender, and these personal strengths and attributes distinguish him as someone who is 
extremely unlikely ever to commit another sexual offense. 
Br 
Degree-of-thttsm-te-Seeiety 
Witheut-litiflifliirthig-the-setiousness-of-the-ellarges-te-whia-Jefftest-Eptiteitt-pleatle4 
,uilty in Florida, it must be noted that sole offense for which Mr. Epstein is required to register 
in-New-York-untler-SORA 
a June-30;-2008-plea-in-the-Gireuit Court-fofrPalm Butch Courtly;
Florida under an Information to the charge of Procuring a Person Under IS for Prostitution, in 
in-New-Yerk-insteati-ef-Refidar—Speeificallyrthe-neafest-eognate-eFime-under-New-YeFIE-law-in 
2001 (the time of the offense at issue) was Patronizing a Prostitute in the Third Degree, P.L. 
*-2-30,047 whieh-only criminttlized-prestifution-betwecn a lehur-over-t-wertiy-onetears-of-age 
II 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727413
--- PAGE 12 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
and -a-prostitute-less-than-seventeen )cars-ePagc. Sec P.L. §-2-30.04A4e/Ciftney's Pcnal-Law 
230.0i (2001),I° 
Perhapsinere-sigitiftettittlyr beeittrie-eFa-erifieitl-distirtetion-between-the-Fleridit-seature-te 
whieh-Mfr E-peteiri-pleeelerl-guitty-arki-the-Neve-Yerk-eegaater  it-is-riet-even-elear-that-Mfr Epstein 
committed an offense which is registerable under Ncw York law. While the Florida law
critninalistes-parronithig-a-prostitute-who-is-uridethe-itge-eleighteen-fiTerki-antl-1-7-years-e14 
ihe-equivalent-New-Yer-Ic-lam“ehhfreheempasses-patrenizing-a-prestitute-whe-i-s-marieerke-age-of 
seventeen=Herer MfrEpsiein-plethled-gtrilty- te-eti-kifermatien-thar-ehttrgedAtini-with-preeuring 
; 6,71;
a-wenian-uader-the-age-ef--1-8-yeeffir for-prestitutien4ufing-the-perierl-between-en-Or 
about August I, 2001 and October 9, 2005 (which was the day before AD's 18th birthday). See
Pahri-Reiteh-GettnPrhifermetienr  Gase-Ner 08GF9-38-1-(-Erthibit-6)r Beeettse-the-Flethla 
preseeuter-hakl-ne-neekl-te4etermine-whether-there-was-prehable-eause—ne-lesselear-and 
eenvirteiftt evitleiteeethe-srenthiril-requireel-te-stippert-a-SePotiradjutheatien)---te-believe-thar 
any-aets-ef-prestiturien-ec-eurreil-speeifieally-whenaa,..vas-serteerir ver-sus-cluriag-the-year-thar 
she-was-iieventeen-(sinee-seh-a-Elistirietieri-is-irrelesant-warler--Plerifla4awkthere-is-RO-retiahle 
basis-to eerielutle-thatailfrEpstein-is-even guiltyofParrenizirita-Prestirute-in-tlic Third Degree;
P.L. § 230.01, under Ncw York law. For that matter, unless it can be proven by clear and
eertvirteing-evitlenee-thatihrtEMfr Epskeiri-engtiged-in-sexual-eenclitet-with
eehange-for 
meney-specWing-the-time-that-she-was-1-6r  MfrEpstein-k-het-guilty-efantregititerable 
eff-ense-under--Nev-Y-Ork-lav
l-iRdeedr  by-the-terms-ef-the-S9R-A-srarote-itself-rsheuld-net-be 
reeptired-to-register,See-Gerreetieri-Lew-§ 168-a(2-0)(#44
Indeed, nothing about Jeffrey Epstein's interactions with A.D. 
other than A.D.'s age,
whieh-ste-eerteeitied-FremAtirri-fis-this-eerreee-h—guggests-elengereasftessr-The-sele-eertvierien 
consensual conduct that ended nearly five years ago, when he received massages and engaged in 
sexual-totiehirig-in-emehimge-fer-money-with-AvD., a-young-woman-ever-t-he-age-of-conseni-under 
New York law for all but two of the fourteen months at issue in the Information. Mr. Epstein'r 
interactions with A.D. did not involve assault or violence of any sort, nor did Mr.  Epstein-ever 
foree-himself-er-arry-paAieuler-eenteet-eaeti*ity-upen-ATD,At-rre-time-(whether-befere-of 
fluFing-their-4citeraetieris-1-4id-Epstein-exerei-se-any-supepeisepy-er-ether-perritien-ef-autherity-ever 
iiirD
ter-tlid-she-stiffer-freiri-any-mental-disabilityr  ifietipaeityr  Or-physieeMielplessriessAristeed;
ATDrvelufrtaFilfeame-teasifrit-Mfrapstein-at-his-Plefiek-heme-enamfietts-eseasiens-en-her-eyen 
aeseml-fer-the-purpose-ef-participating4-what-she-apparern4y-vieweel-as-a4uerative-131:14ReerS 
transaetienr Indeedr iwarklitieri-te-engeging-in-seyaia4-eenduet-fer-trierieyr  ATDraekriewle4geri 
10---Penal-Law-seetion-2-.30:04-was-.. amended-in-2007-to-elitninate-any-partieular-age-parametersr sueh-that-it-now 
mates
srpokson-ia-gui4ty-offa4FORitting-a-prostitukz-iit-the4hird-degme-whon-he-or-the-patron4es-a-pr.ostitute: 
V.L. §230.04. 
1I—Even-under-the-broader-seopeof-P,L. § 2-3O44-in-etleet-today. Patronizing a Prostitute-in-the-Third-Degree 
only rogictarabte under SORA whore the woman patronized for prostitutioni -un4er-the-age-e4-se' '
'mSee 
Correction Law• § 168 a(2)(aXi) 
dud 
230.01 is a ret,ist:- le oftinse 
faet-laso-than-seventeen-years-of-age: 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727414
--- PAGE 13 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
that-she-also-encouraged-other-women to engage iil prostitution-so-that-she-eould-also-earn 
Cinder's fees for hersc1112
Given-all-of-these-eensiderittiertsr MfrEpstein2s-behavierr while-perhaps-erintiftitlimel 
registeFahle-uader-the-laws-ef-F1efidarium-hafely-fails
ithin-the-fange-ef-c-enduet-viewed-as 
:;ufficicntly harmful to trigger SORA registration requirements here in New York 
if indeed it 
quidifies-as-registereble-at-all,At-mestr  Mr. Epstein was-guilty of a misdemeanor-under New 
laek-ef-sevefitr of-his-effenseT 
III. 
Under The SORA Risk Assessment Instrument, Jeffrey Epstein Should Be 
Adjudicated A Level 1 Offender. 
A. 
Based on the Relevant Facts Supported by Clear and Convincing Evidence, 
Jeffrey Epstein Falls Squarely within Level 1 
As set forth in the completed SORA Risk Assessment Instrument on the following two 
pages, a proper calculation of Jeffrey Epstein's risk assessment under SORA, based upon the 
credible evidence of registerable activity that can foreseeably be proven by clear and convincing 
evidence13 and the offenses for which Mr. Epstein was convicted, places Mr. Epstein squarely 
within the category of Level 1. This is a proper evaluation of the actual risk of reoffense and 
threat to society posed by Mr. Epstein. And not surprisingly, it is entirely in line with the 
evaluations of the other jurisdictions, particularly the U.S. Virgin Islands, the jurisdiction of his 
primary residence, that have already considered Mr. Epstein's risk level under their own sex 
offender reporting schemes. 
For each of the calculations in the following table, a brief explanation of the scoring is 
provided, making reference in Section I, Current Offense, to the relevant aspects of the offenses 
included within the instant disposition. Because Mr. Epstein has no prior criminal convictions or 
acts of sexual misconduct, and does not use (much less abuse) drugs or alcohol, he scores zero 
with respect to Section II, Criminal History. Similarly, given his acceptance of responsibility for 
his crimes, his successful completion of incarceration without incident and full compliance with 
the terms of probation without incident, Mr. Epstein also scores zero for Section III, Post-
Offense Behavior. Finally, Mr. Epstein scores zero for Section IV, Release Environment, as he 
is gainfully employed and lives and works in appropriate environments that do not provide him 
she-engaged-M-this-prostimtiowreeruittnent-aetivity, 
Of course, the assessment in the attached table reflects counsel's best preliminary judgment at this time, but 
in no way should be deemed a concession as to certain facts and SORA calculations or a waiver of any arguments 
that may be made to challenge a risk assessment, as counsel deems appropriate. 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727415
--- PAGE 14 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
with inappropriate access to minors. None of the overrides set forth in SORA apply to Jeffrey 
Epstein. 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727416
--- PAGE 15 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
SORA Risk Assessment Instrument for Jeffrey Epstein 
RISK FACTOR 
VALUE 
SCORE 
EXPLANATION 
I. CURRENT OFFENSE(S) 
I. Use of Violence 
There were no credible allegations of forcible 
compulsion, physical injury, or dangerous weapon 
made against Epstein under either of the Florida 
charges for which Epstein was convicted. 
Used forcible compulsion 
+10 
Inflicted physical injury 
+15 
Armed with dangerous 
instrument 
+30 
2. Sexual Contact with Victim 
Epstein scores 10 points for allegations that he 
touched the body of A.D. during a massage while 
Contact over clothing 
+5 
she was under the age of 17 (though even this is 
Contact under clothing 
+10 
X 
arguable. as the registerable offense and underlying 
Sexual intercourse, criminal 
sexual act ("deviate sexual 
intercourse") or aggravated 
sexual abuse 
+25 
evidence do not identify any acts of prostitution that 
occurred specifically during the two months when 
A.D. was 16. versus during the year that she was 17). 
while-she-wee-still-16. There are no instances or 
allegations of sexual intercourse, criminal sexual act 
("deviate sexual intercourse") or aggravated sexual 
abuse which would be registerable under New York 
law within the-either of the offenses for which 
Epstein was convicted. 
3. Number of Victims 
There is only one victim (i.e. woman under the age 
of 17) alleged in connection with the registerable 
crime for which Epstein was convicted. 
Two 
+20 
Three or more 
+30 
4. Duration of Offense Conduct 
with Victim 
There is no credible evidence that Epstein engaged 
in three or more acts of sexual contact with A.D. 
over a period of at least two weeks during the time 
when she was under 17, as the registerable offense 
and underlying evidence do not distinguish between 
events occurring when A.D. was 16 versus 17. See 
Sex Offender Registration Act: Risk Assessment 
Guidelines and Commentary, Commentary (2006) at 
10, "Factor 4." 
Continuing course of sexual 
misconduct 
+20 
5. Age of Victim 
Epstein scores 20 points for allegations that he 
procured the prostitution services of A.D. when she 
was under 17 (though even this is arguable, as the 
registerable offense and underlying evidence do not 
identify any acts of prostitution that occurred 
specifically during the two months when A.D. was 
16, versus during the year that she was 17). 
through 16 
+20 
X 
or less, 63 or more 
+30 
6. Other Victim Characteristics 
There is no evidence that any of the women whom 
Epstein procured for prostitution suffered from any 
mental disability, incapacity, or physical 
helplessness. 
Victim suffered from mental 
disability or incapacity or from 
physical helplessness 
+20 
7. Relationship with Victim 
Epstein scores 20 points for allegations that he did 
not know AD prior to procuring prostitution services 
Stranger or established for 
+20 
X 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727417
--- PAGE 16 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
purpose of victimizing or 
professional relationship 
from her when she was less than 17 .(again. this is 
arguable. as the registerable offense and underlying 
evidence do not identify any acts of prostitution that 
occurred specifically during the two months when 
A.D. was 16, versus during the car that she was 17)_ 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727418
--- PAGE 17 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
II. CRIMINAL HISTORY 
8. Age at First Act of Sexual 
Misconduct 
Not applicable. 
or less 
+10 
9. Number and Nature of Prior 
Crimes 
Not applicable. There is no credible evidence that 
Epstein has ever been convicted of a crime. 
Prior history/no sex crimes or 
felonies 
+5 
Prior history/non-violent felony 
+15 
Prior violent felony or 
misdemeanor sex crime or 
endangering welfare of a child 
+30 
10. Recency of Prior Offense 
Not applicable. 
Less than 3 years 
+10 
11. Drug or Alcohol Abuse 
Not applicable. Epstein does not drink alcohol or 
use drugs. 
History of Abuse 
+15 
COLUMNS 1-11 SUBTOTAL 
III. POST-OFFENSE BEHAVIOR 
12. Acceptance of Responsibility 
Epstein has fully accepted responsibility for his 
conduct. 
Not accepted responsibility 
+10 
Not accepted responsibility / 
refused or expelled from 
treatment 
+15 
13. Conduct While Confined / 
Supervised 
Epstein successfully completed his one-year period 
of incarceration and one-year period of probation. 
Unsatisfactory 
+10 
Unsatisfactory with sexual 
misconduct 
+20 
IV. RELEASE ENVIRONMENT 
14. Supervision 
Epstein was released from jail with appropriate 
supervision and participated in therapy with a 
clinical psychologist. 
Release with specialized 
supervision 
Release with supervision 
+5 
Release without supervision 
+15 
15. Living / Employment Situation 
Epstein's living and employment situations are 
appropriate, as he does not live or work with or 
around minors. 
Living or employment 
inappropriate 
+10 
COLUMNS 12-15 SUBTOTAL 
COLUMNS 1-11 SUBTOTAL 
TOTAL RISK FACTOR SCORE 
(add 2 subtotals) 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727419
--- PAGE 18 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
TOTAL RISK FACTOR SCORE 
Level 1( 
Level 2 (moderate) 
+75 
to 
+105 
Level 3 (high) 
+110 
to 
+300 
Of course, it bears noting that even should an alternative risk calculation be made under 
the factors set forth by the SORA risk assessment instrument, resulting in a total above the Level 
ceiling of 70 points, the SORA statute and Guidelines grant discretion to depart from the 
calculation. In other words, regardless of the actual numerical calculation, the District Attorney 
may ask the Court to exercise its discretion and appropriately designate Mr. Epstein a Level 1 
offender to reflect the negligible risk of future harm that he poses to the community. As noted in 
the Commentary to the Risk Assessment Guidelines: 
The ability to depart is premised on a recognition that an objective 
instrument, no matter how well designed, will not fully capture the 
nuances of every case. Not to allow for departures would, 
therefore deprive the Board or a court of the ability to exercise 
sound judgment and to apply its expertise to the offender. 
Sex Offender Registration Act: Risk Assessment Guidelines and Commentaiy, Commentary 
(2006) at 4, ¶ 5; see also People v. Ferrer, 69 A.D.3d 513, 514 (1st Dept. 2010) (observing "the 
risk level designated in the RAI is merely presumptive, and a court may depart from it as a 
matter of discretion") (citing People v. Mingo, 12 N.Y.3d 563, 568 n.2 (2009); People v. 
Johnson, 11 N.Y.3d 416, 418, 421 (2008)). As noted above, Jeffrey- Mr. Epstein presents a 
negligible risk of reoffending, and indeed, justice demands that his SORA designation reflect 
that fact. 
B. 
The Level 3 Calculation by the Board Is Not Supported by Facts or the Law 
Cur-ieuslyr  the-FEwiewer-frem-the-Beard-ef-ExamineFs-ef--Sex-Offenderreeemmended 
that-Jeffrey-Epstein-be-designated-e-L-evel-3-effendefr  netwithstanding-the-absenee-aany-key 
faetecs-that-suggesting-that-he-might-pese-a-dangere
fisk-ef-Feeffentie-Or-signifleafit-kam-te 
geeiety=l4pen-e4eser-inspeetienr the-C-ase-Sufamffr aeeempanying-the-Beard-reeetitmendatien 
reyeals-that-the-Feviewer-impreper-treensidered-and-etabefated-upen-a-hest-ef--untiuppeFted 
hearsarallegatiens-freFn-an-86-page-peliee-repeft-that-kas-been-pFeven-FnateFie*fatse-in 
numerous key respects and was largely-discredited by prosecutors.  This-is-patently-improper 
under SORA, as the Guidelines direct that only "reliable hearsay evidence" may be considered
and-peints-S1441:144-FiShe-assessekl-fer-a-fantefunless-there-inaaFankl-nenvineingevielenee-Of 
Registration Act: Risk Assessment Guidelines and Commentaiy, Commentary (2006) at 5,117;
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727420
--- PAGE 19 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
In-additiettr the-SORA Guidelines explicitly prov 
"The-faet-that-an-efferttler-was-not-intlicted 
for an offence may be strong evidence that the offense did not occur." Sex (Vender Registration 
4e6.—M5k-Atswesstnetn-GtEidelittes-and-G9mtnentaryreetitinentety+20G6)-itt-57$47 
Herer  the-Board-reviewer-eompletety-ignered-the-faet-that-gpstein-was-enly-eenvieted-of 
non-*ittlent-ogenses-retated-te-consettsual-prestitution-aeli
nd-insteatl-seeFedailfrEpstein 
fo -r' foreible-compulsion=by-manufactuFing-a-claim—net even contained in-the-potiee-repeft 
of "forcible rape" of a "16 year old victim." Significantly, the allegations of this woman 
who
was-ftever-abte-te-stale-deftnitively-i.n-her-diseredited-aeeount-te.-poliee-thttEshe-wtts-under-H1-
the-finte-she-h&I-intereouFse-with-Epstein-and-whe-enty-agreed-te-spealowith-tleteetives-in-an 
effek-te-ouppy-favor-with-preseoutos-afIer--she-yeas-afFested-for--dnag-posaession—were 
eneempassed-in-the-single-charge-ef-Fektny-Solitittnien-fer--11Fostitutionr fle,Stains-796707(2)(1)7
(4)(c) 
an offense which is not registerable under Florida law. See Fla. Stat. § 913.0135. 
Despile-the-drematie-ehantetetitatiort-ef-these-attegatiens-brthe-Beard-reviewerr  ne-eharge 
alleging-of-rape-oesennal-eentaet-with-a-miner-was-ever-pfeseetned-in-eonneetien-with-this 
weinan—by-the-Bear41Is-efily-wecds
tong-evidenee=that-suek-an-effense-did-not-aeeur,See 
Offritder-Registrenion-74eitRisk-ktsew.rment-Guitielinentnd-Commenethyr eemfrientiwy-(-2006) 
Similarly
feqnired-io-suppoti-seoeittg-fot-a-given-risk-assessntent-faeterr the-reviewer-seofed-Mfr Epstein 
lot pFier-C-Itialifkal-historya-while-at-the-same-tinte-aeknowtedging-the-utter-laelt-ef 4peeifte 
information" about an unexplained 1973 non U.S., potentially non criminal offense. IShould 
this-be-ontitted-Wthe-reviewerls-willingness-te-assess-MfrEpstein-points-based-espeeulation 
that-fetts-far-shoft-ofelear--and-con*ineing-e*klenee=is-at-best-intproperrand-at-werstr auspeet, 
required-te-seere-an-offender--under-SOPooris-the-utter-daeloef-Figeethat-the-reviewer 
demonstrated in analyzing the allegations against Epstein. The "lump it all together" summary
subittitted-in-support-of-the-reviewSs-Level-3-Feeeminentlatkm-makes-no-attempt-lo-separate 
allegations-coneenting-petentially-Fegisterable-offenses-from-alleged-elesenptions-of-lieli-,4elent 
diseredited-petiee-repo#4nvolve-wernen-whe-weFe-aged-se*enteen-and-abo*erer--weinen-whe 
yieFe-unabte-te-speeify-their-ages-andieF414e-timing-of-eeFtain-acti*ities-in-whieh-they-elaint-te 
have-willingly-partieipated,Such-allegatierts-certainly-ace-not a-proper-basis-for-assessing-Mr7 
While-ease-santotafies-prepared-by-the-Beard-of-Faxaminets-of-Sex-Offenelefs-with-the4ntowledge 
that-they-will-be-retied-en-by-eenr4s-geneFally-constinderetiable-hearsay=in-SOIWIteaFings7
the New York Court of Appeals has held that a Board case summary "may be rejected when it is 
unduly speculative or its accuracy is undermined-by-other-more eompelling evidenee
ple-* 
Mingo, 12 N.Y.3d 563, 573 (2009). Here, the case summary prepared by the Board reviewer
should4e-aumntapi4.frrejecAed-as-unduly-speentativer tanteliabter and-plantly-inaceurate,indeeth 
the-reviewer-whe-eempleted-MfrEpsteinls-ease-summaff-betreyetl-an-intpfoper-bies-against-wkat 
the reviewer perceived to be Mr. Epstein's personal 
but legal 
sexual preferences for women 
between-the-ages-of 17 and-20 by-offering-the-inflantinateenr-eundlead-thomughly 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727421
--- PAGE 20 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
subjeetive-eentention-that-2Jeffrey-Epstein used his wealth 
and l)OWr el. in sueh-a-way-se-that-he 
could - take advantage of many teenage girls to satisfy his own sexual perversions." Sec Case 
instftinient7 
short, the Level 3 recommendation of the Board in this case is legally and factually
insupponttble-and-should-be-whelly-disregttr
e-Beardls-Feeentmendatien-eempletely 
distorts the record and does not reflect an accurate and reasoned evaluation of the actual risk 
posed-te-the-Peapletf-the-Statetf-New—Yer-k-brJeffrey-EpsteinMfr Epstein-hafdirrepresettts 
Board's recommendation should be rejected. 
IV. 
A Designation Of Level I Under SORA Will More Than Adequately Protect The 
People Of New York From Any Negligible Threat Posed By Jeffrey Epstein 
To come full circle, the District Attorney's Office should take comfort that the intentions 
of SORA will be fully realized by imposing on Mr. Jeffrey-Epstein a Level 1 designation for his 
Florida convictions (recognizing that only one of those convictions required him to register in 
Florida, and even that conviction arguably would not have triggered SORA if committed in New 
York). The touchstone for assigning a proper SORA designation is whether the offender is prone 
to reoffend, such that the offender can be appropriately monitored and that risk of reoffense be 
contained. Here, an evaluation of the relevant factors of Mr. Jeffrey-Epstein's offenses, coupled 
with information about his personal background and circumstances, should lead to the 
inescapable conclusion that Jeffrey- Mr. Epstein is not the typical Level 2 or 3 sex offender that 
the District Attorney's Office regularly encounters, nor is he the "wolf in sheep's clothing" who 
poses a latent threat to the unwary citizens of New York or is likely to get lost in the system. 
Rather, Mr. Epstein is an accomplished, mature, financially successful businessman who made 
bad choices that will haunt him for the rest of his days. Moreover, Mr. Epstein is a person who 
spends limited  the-time at his New York vacation home and who is already being sufficiently 
monitored by the authorities of the U.S. Virgin Islands (his home jurisdiction), Florida, and New 
Mexico -- all by virtue of the fact that he owns property in those places. 
Under New York law, as a Level 1 sex offender, Jeffrey  Mr. Epstein will be required to 
register his personal information with local New York law enforcement officials, and for a 
period of twenty years, provide annual verification of his residence, make timely updates of any 
change of address, and renew his photograph on file every three years. (At 57 years old, even as 
a Level 1 offender, Mr. Epstein is likely to have to register with authorities in New York for 
most if not all of his remaining years.) In addition, during the period of his registration, law 
enforcement officials will be able to disseminate this personal information about Mr. Epstein as 
they deem appropriate in their discretion. See Correction Law § 168-1(6)(a). Of course, this is 
all in addition to the continued reporting requirements with which Mr. Epstein must comply --
and with which he has been responsibly complying -- in the U.S. Virgin Islands (the jurisdiction 
of his primary residence where he spends the majority of his time), Florida, and New Mexico. 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727422
--- PAGE 21 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
In short, designating Jeffrey-Mr. Epstein with Level 1 SORA designation will provide the 
People of New York with full and adequate protection against the virtually non-existent risk of 
reoffense that Jeffrey Epstein poses, particularly given the limited sheri-amount of time that Mr. 
Epstein spends in the city and in the state. To require him to comply with any more stringent 
demands under SORA would needlessly duplicate -- and indeed, unnecessarily go well beyond --
the efforts of jurisdictions having much greater contact with and control over Jeffrer
.
 Mr. 
Epstein. In addition, designating Jeffrey  Mr. Epstein as a Level 3 offender would require him to 
return to New York to re-register every 90 days, even if he might not otherwise plan to be in the 
state, thereby causing him actually to spend more time in New York than he ordinarily would. 
Moreover, designating Jeffrey  Mr. Epstein as anything other than a Level 1 offender would 
squander the city and state's resources -- resources that could be more effectively used 
monitoring dangerous, high-risk sex offenders who are in fact full-time New York residents -- to 
contain a risk of reoffense that Mr. Epstein does not present. 
Imposing the more severe reporting requirements of a higher sex offender risk 
designation upon JeffrerMr. Epstein would not serve the ends of justice and the protective -- not 
punitive -- goals which SORA is intended to promote. Accordingly, we respectfully ask you to 
follow the lead of the other jurisdictions that have already evaluated Mr. Epstein's offenses --
and all adjudged him to be the lowest level of registrant -- by consenting to designate Jeffrey-Mr. 
Epstein with the appropriate SORA classification of Level 1. 
K&E 17760332.3 
EFTA00727423

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727424.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727424.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROPOSAL 
S 
IM 
,C 
11) 
The Ultimate in I tome and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRIN T N. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
9/20/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
:0 B0% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNITIAN 
4) Freight is not included 
ell Frieght will be invoiced to end 
user et our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
QTY PRA 
BRAND 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
LSJ Theater 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
$3.500.00 
Channel 400 watt per channel 
$4,250.00 
$8.500.00 
Processor 
$1.900.00 
Apple TV 
$107.00 
Ipad 
$535.00 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
$748.00 
Application 
$100.00 
Wireless switch 
$180.00 
Speaker Equalizer 
$1.050.00 
HDMI Cable 
$55.00 
$275.00 
HDMI Cable 
$110.00 
XLR Cables 
$32.00 
$320.00 
Ipad Program 
$800.00 
Tweeters 
$325.00 
$1.300.00 
Total 
$19,425.00 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
ea 
Sunfire 
Amp 7401 
ea 
Crestron 
CP2E 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
ea 
Monster 
2m 
ea 
Monster 
4m 
ea 
RDL 
2m 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
ea 
Klipsch 
Replacement 
PAGE 1 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727424
--- PAGE 2 ---
PROPOSAL 
S 
ti 
NI 
CO 
,C 
*
111 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
j 
9/20/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
n B0% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNITIAN 
4) Freight is not included 
all Frieght will be invoiced to end 
user at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PRA 
BRAND 
I 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
Pool System 
$2.150.00 
$8.600.00 
$1.950.00 
$7.800.00 
$2.300.00 
$9.200.00 
$1.500.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$180.00 
$350.00 
$400.00 
$3.200.00 
$650.00 
$450.00 
order 
Total 
$32.572.00 
ea 
EJV 
EVF-11815-PIB 
18'1 Subwoofers 
ea 
EN 
EVF-11225 
Weatherized Venue Speakers 
ea 
EJV 
CP4000S 
2x1400 watt amplifier 
ea 
EJV 
0X46 
Equalizer 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ed. 
ea 
Montser 
500' spool 
gauge 4 conductor 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
Power Conditioner 
ea 
Snap Av 
SM-Rack-12u 
Electronic Rack Enclosure 
* please note that it will take 4 weeks 
from the date of ordering to obtain 
the EN Speakers they are made to 
PAGE 2 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727425
--- PAGE 3 ---
PROPOSAL 
S 
U 
NI 
,C 
))) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
•FFICE 
AX 
Date 
9/20/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1)80% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNITIAN 
4) Freight is not included 
all Frieght will be invoiced to end 
user at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PRA 
BRAND 
I 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
TIKI HUT 
$900.00 
$3.600.00 
$700.00 
$2.800.00 
$1,600.00 
$3.200.00 
$1.500.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$180.00 
$350.00 
$400.00 
$3.200.00 
$650.00 
$450.00 
order 
Total 
$16.572.00 
ea 
EN 
300 PI 
Outdoor Speakers 
ea 
EN 
122PI 
Dual 12 Subwoofer enclosure 
ea 
EN 
1212 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
ea 
EN 
0X46 
Equalizer 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
'pad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ed. 
ea 
Montser 
500' spool 
gauge 4 conductor 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
Power Conditioner 
ea 
Snap Av 
SM-Rack-12u 
Electronic Rack Enclosure 
* please note that it will take 4 weeks 
from the date of ordering to obtain 
the EN Speakers they are made to 
PAGE 3 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727426
--- PAGE 4 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
UP IN 0 ,c *0)) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
9/20/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1)80% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2)20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNITIAN 
4) Freight is not included 
all Frieght will be invoiced to end 
user et our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYJ PRI 
BRAND 
I 
PART # 
J 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
LSJ GYM 
$2,300.00 
$4.600.00 
$1,600.00 
$3.200.00 
$3.500.00 
$1.900.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$180.00 
$350.00 
$100.00 
$800.00 
$950.00 
$75.00 
$300.00 
Total 
$16,522.00 
ea 
Ely 
CP4000S 
2x1400 watt amplifier 
ea 
Ely 
1212 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
ea 
Crestron 
CP2E 
Processor 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
'pad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ed. 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
Application 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
'pad Program 
ea 
Vanco 
SCHDMI 
HDMI Baulin 
ea 
Snap AN 
Rack Shelves 
PAGE 4 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727427
--- PAGE 5 ---
PROPOSAL 
S 
I-/ 
NI 
In 
.)C 
- 91) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
l, 
9/20/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
n B0% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNITIAN 
4) Freight is not included 
all Frieght will be invoiced to end 
user et our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PRA 
BRAND 
PART it 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
6th Floor NYC 
From LSJ 
Projector mount 
Front Left/Right Speakers 
Center Speaker 
Inwall Surrounds 
Dual 12" 2700watt Subwoofer 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
Channel 400 watt per channel 
Blu-Ray Player 
Apple TV 
Ipad 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
Application 
Wireless switch 
Speaker Equalizer 
New Remote Control Program 
Package HDMI - Digital Audio 
$0.00 
$350.00 
$15.600.00 
$9.850.00 
$2,800.00 
$5.600.00 
$2,300.00 
$4.600.00 
$3.500.00 
$4,250.00 
$8.500.00 
$700.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
$1.050.00 
$1.500.00 
$350.00 
Total 
$53,270.00 
ea 
Sony 
Oualia 
ea 
Peerless 
URG300 
pr 
PMC 
IB2S 
ea 
PMC 
192C 
ea 
PMC 
Wafer 1 
ea 
Sunfire 
TSE12 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
ea 
Sunfire 
Amp 7401 
ea 
Denon 
BD 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
ea 
Monster 
Interconnect 
PAGE 5 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727428

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727429.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727429.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROPOSAL 
S 
L... NM 0 
,C 
1, 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
•FFICE 
AX 
Date 
9/24/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
:0 B0% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNITIAN 
4) Freight is not included 
ell Frieght will be invoiced to end 
user et our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
QTY PRA 
BRAND 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
LSJ Theater 
$3.500.00 
$4,250.00 
$8.500.00 
$1.900.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
$1.050.00 
$55.00 
$275.00 
$110.00 
$32.00 
$320.00 
$800.00 
$325.00 
$1.300.00 
$800.00 
$1.600.00 
Total 
$21,025.00 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
ea 
Sunfire 
Amp 7401 
Channel 400 watt per channel 
ea 
Crestron 
CP2E 
Processor 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
Application 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
Speaker Equalizer 
ea 
Monster 
2m 
HDMI Cable 
ea 
Monster 
4m 
HDMI Cable 
ea 
RDL 
2m 
XLR Cables 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
'pad Program 
ea 
Klipsch 
Replacement 
Tweeters 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
PAGE 1 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727429
--- PAGE 2 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
t-; 
INI 
,C. 
)j) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
9/24/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) 80% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNITIAN 
4) Freight is not included 
all Frieght will be invoiced to end 
user et our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PRA 
BRAND 
I 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
Pool System 
$900.00 
$3.600.00 
$700.00 
$2.800.00 
$1.600.00 
$4.800.00 
$1.500.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$180.00 
$350.00 
$400.00 
$3.200.00 
$650.00 
$450.00 
$1.600.00 
$3.200.00 
order 
Total 
$21.372.00 
ea 
Ely 
300 PI 
Outdoor Speakers 
ea 
Ely 
122PI 
Dual 12 Subwoofer enclosure 
ea 
Ely 
1212 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
ea 
Ely 
0X46 
Equalizer 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
'pad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ed. 
ea 
Windy City 
500' spool 
gauge 4 conductor 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
Power Conditioner 
ea 
Snap Av 
SM-Rack-12u 
Electronic Rack Enclosure 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
* please note that it will take 4 weeks 
from the date of ordering to obtain 
the EN Speakers they are made to 
PAGE 2 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727430
--- PAGE 3 ---
PROPOSAL 
S 
t-; 
NI 
0,\ 
)j) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
OFFICE 
ON
. ILLINOIS 60010 
FAX 
Date 
9/24/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) 80% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT 3800. PER TECHNITIAN 
4) Freight is not included 
all Frieght will be invoiced to end 
user et our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PRA 
BRAND 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
TIKI HUT 
$450.00 
$1.800.00 
$700.00 
$1.400.00 
$1,600.00 
$3.200.00 
$1.500.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$180.00 
$350.00 
$400.00 
$3.200.00 
$650.00 
$450.00 
$800.00 
$1.600.00 
order 
Total 
$14,972.00 
ea 
Ely 
ZX1i 
Outdoor Speakers 
ea 
Ely 
122P1 
Dual 12- Subwoofer enclosure 
ea 
Ely 
1212 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
ea 
Ely 
0X46 
Equalizer 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
'pad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ed. 
ea 
Windy City 
500' spool 
gauge 4 conductor 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
Power Conditioner 
ea 
Snap Av 
SM-Rack-12u 
Electronic Rack Enclosure 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
* please note that it will take 4 weeks 
from the date of ordering to obtain 
the EN Speakers they are made to 
PAGE 3 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727431
--- PAGE 4 ---
PROPOSAL 
S 
t-; 
INI 
In 
,C 
III 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
nFICE 
Date 
l, 
9/24/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1)80% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT 3800. PER TECHNMAN 
4) Freight is not included 
all Frieght will be invoiced to end 
user et our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PRA 
BRAND 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
ea 
EN 
ea 
EN 
ea 
Sunfire 
ea 
Crestron 
ea 
Apple 
ea 
Apple 
ea 
Apple 
ea 
RDL 
ea 
Apple 
ea 
Crestron 
ea 
Vanco 
ea 
Snap AN 
ea 
Sound X 
LSJ GYM 
2x1400 watt amplifier 
$2,300.00 
$4.600.00 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
$1,600.00 
$3.200.00 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
$3.500.00 
Processor 
$1.900.00 
Apple TV 
$107.00 
'pad 
$535.00 
Wireless switch 
$180.00 
XLR Ect. 
$350.00 
Application 
$100.00 
Ipad Program 
$800.00 
HDMI Baulin 
$950.00 
Rack Shelves 
$75.00 
$300.00 
Technitions 
$1,600.00 
$3.200.00 
Total 
$19,722.00 
CP4000S 
1212 
Preamp 401 
CP2E 
AppleTV 
Ipad 
Airport Extreme 
Interconects 
Crestron 
Program 
SCHDMI 
Labor 
PAGE 4 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727432
--- PAGE 5 ---
PROPOSAL 
S 
t-; 
INI 
In 
,C. 
)j) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
j 
9/24/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
n 80% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNITIAN 
4) Freight is not included 
all Frieght will be invoiced to end 
user et our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PRI 
BRAND 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
6th Floor NYC 
$0.00 
$350.00 
$15.600.00 
$9.850.00 
$2,800.00 
$5.600.00 
$2,300.00 
$4.600.00 
$3.500.00 
$4,250.00 
$8.500.00 
$700.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
$1.050.00 
$1.500.00 
$350.00 
$1,600.00 
$4.800.00 
Total 
$58,070.00 
ea 
Sony 
Qualia 
From LSJ 
ea 
Peerless 
URG300 
Projector mount 
pr 
PMC 
IB2S 
Front Left/Right Speakers 
ea 
PMC 
IB2C 
Center Speaker 
ea 
PMC 
Wafer 1 
Inwall Surrounds 
ea 
Sunfire 
TSE12 
Dual 12" 2700watt Subwoofer 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
ea 
Sunfire 
Amp 7401 
Channel 400 watt per channel 
ea 
Denon 
BD 
Blu-Ray Player 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
'pad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
Application 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
Speaker Equalizer 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
New Remote Control Program 
ea 
Monster 
Interconnect 
Package HDMI - Digital Audio 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
* Might need a New Lens for 
Qualia projector 
PAGE 5 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727433

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727434.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727434.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROPOSAL 
S 
Li NJ 0)C go))) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
9)24/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) 80% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT WOO. PER TECHNITIAN 
0) Freight Is not Included 
SI Frleght will be Invoiced to end 
user at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
QTYI PR 
BRAND 
PART # 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
Project Summary 
Equipment Total 
$215,816.00 
This is Including 3D projector Option 
Labor 
$22,400.00 
This is LSJ and NYC 
( $800 per day per Tech ) 
Travel 
$3,360.80 
This is 2 round Trip tickets to NYC 
and 4 Round Trips to LSJ 
Housing for LSJ will be at Emad's 
Housing for NYC will be at 301 
All Freight will be provided via Emad. 
Equipment 
Labor 
Total 
LSJ Theater 
$102,275.00 
$3200.00 
$105.475.00 
LSJ Master 
$10.605.00 
$3200.00 
513.805.00 
LSJ Gym 
$16.522.00 
$3200.00 
519.722.00 
LSJ Tiki 
$14.172.00 
$3200.00 
517.372.00 
LSJ Pool 
$18.972.00 
$3200.00 
522.172.00 
71st 6th Floor 
$53,270.00 
$6400.00 
$59,670.00 
Total 
$22.400.00 
$238,216.00 
PAGE 1 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727434
--- PAGE 2 ---
PROPOSAL 
S 
t . J NI 0 , C 00 3)) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
• FICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
9/24/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) 80% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNITIAN 
4) Freight Is not Included 
WI Frleght will be Invoiced to end 
user at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PR 
BRAND 
I 
PART # 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE I 
TOTAL 
Pool System 
$900.00 
$3,600.00 
$700.00 
$2,800.00 
$1.600.00 
$4,800.00 
$1,500.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$180.00 
$350.00 
$400.00 
$3,200.00 
$650.00 
$450.00 
$800.00 
$1.600.00 
$3,200.00 
Total 
$22,172.00 
ea 
EN 
300 PI 
Outdoor Speakers 
ea 
EN 
122PI 
Dual 1T Subwoofer enclosure 
ea 
EN 
1212 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
ea 
EN 
DX46 
Equalizer 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ed. 
ea 
Windy City 
500' spool 
gauge 4 conductor 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
Power Conditioner 
ea 
Snap Av 
SM-Rack-12u 
Electronic Rack Enclosure 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
Ipad Program 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
' please note that it will take 4 weeks 
from the date of ordering to obtain 
the EN Speakers they are made to order 
PAGE 2 
It approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727435
--- PAGE 3 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
Ll NI co X 4011) 
The Ultimate 111 Florne arid Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
9/24/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
q BO% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNITIAN 
4) Freight Is not Included 
ell Frleght will be Invoiced to end 
User at Our COM. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City!St 
Phone* 
EMAIL 
OTYI PRA 
BRAND 
I 
PART# 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE I 
TOTAL 
TIKI HUT 
$450.00 
$1,800.00 
$700.00 
$1,400.00 
$1,600.00 
$3,200.00 
$1,500.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$180.00 
$350.00 
$400.00 
$3,200.00 
$650.00 
$450.00 
$800.00 
$1,600.00 
$3,200.00 
Total 
$17.372.00 
ea 
EN 
Da i 
Outdoor Speakers 
ea 
EN 
122PI 
Dual 1T Subwoofer enclosure 
ea 
EN 
1212 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
ea 
EN 
DX46 
Equalizer 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
pad 
'pad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ed. 
ea 
Windy City 
500' spool 
gauge 4 conductor 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
Power Conditioner 
ea 
Snap Av 
SM-Rack-12u 
Electronic Rack Enclosure 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
pad Program 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
' please note that it will take 4 weeks 
from the date of ordering to obtain 
the EN Speakers they are made to order 
PAGE 3 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727436
--- PAGE 4 ---
PROPOSAL 
S 
U 
IN1 0 ›C '0)3 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
• FFICE 
AX 
Date 
9/24/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1)80ti DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20%. PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT SB00. PER TECHNITIAN 
0) Freight Is not Included 
all Frleghl will be Invoiced to end 
user at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City:St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTY PR 
BRAND 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE I 
TOTAL 
LSJ GYM 
2x1400 watt amplifier 
$2.300.00 
$4.600.00 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
$1.600.00 
$3200.00 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
$3.500.00 
Processor 
51.900.00 
Apple TV 
$107.00 
Ipad 
$535.00 
Wireless switch 
$180.00 
XLR Ect. 
$350.00 
Application 
$100.00 
Ipad Program 
$800.00 
HDMI Baulin 
$950.00 
Rack Shelves 
$75.00 
$300.00 
Technitions 
$1.600.00 
$3.200.00 
Total 
$19.722.00 
ea 
EN 
CP4000S 
ea 
EN 
1212 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
ea 
Crestron 
CP2E 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
ea 
Vanco 
SCHDMI 
ea 
Snap AN 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
PAGE 4 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727437
--- PAGE 5 ---
PROPOSAL 
S 
Ll NI 0 ,C 
/0 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
• FFICE 
FAX 
Date 
9/24/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
,) B0% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT SB00. PER TECHNITIAN 
4) Freight Is not Included 
all Frleghl will be Invoiced to end 
user at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
Ord PR 
BRAND 
L PART # 
i 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
6th Floor NYC 
From LSJ 
Theater 
$350.00 
$15.600.00 
59.850.00 
$2.800.00 
$5.600.00 
$2.300.00 
$4.600.00 
$3.500.00 
$4.250.00 
$8.500.00 
$700.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
$1.050.00 
$1.500.00 
5350O0 
$1.600.00 
$6.400.00 
Total 
$59.670.00 
ea 
Sony 
Qualia 
From LSJ 
ea 
Peerless 
URG300 
Projector mount 
pr 
PMC 
IB2S 
Front Left/Right Speakers 
ea 
PMC 
1B2C 
Center Speaker 
pr 
PMC 
Wafer 1 
Inwall Surrounds 
ea 
Sunfire 
TSE12 
Dual 12" 2700watt Subwoofer 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
ea 
Sunfire 
Amp 7401 
Channel 400 watt per channel 
ea 
Denon 
BD 
Blu-Ray Player 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
Application 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
Speaker Equalizer 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
New Remote Control Program 
ea 
Monster 
Interconnect 
Package HDMI • Digital Audio 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
* Might need a New Lens for 
Qualia projector 
We will be utilizing the existing Screen 
PAGE 5 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727438
--- PAGE 6 ---
PROPOSAL 
S 
LA NJ 0,C 403) ) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
•FFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
9/20/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1)80% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2)20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT MO. PER TECHNITIAN 
4) Freight Is not Included 
ell Frleght will be Invoiced to end 
user at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone * 
EMAIL 
OTYI PRA 
BRAND 
PART # 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
Master Bedroom LSJ 
$4,100.00 
$350.00 
From LSJ 
Theater 
From LSJ 
Theater 
$1,900.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
$1,050.00 
Palm Beach 
Master 
$55.00 
$275.00 
$110.00 
$800.00 
$350.00 
Palm Beach 
Master 
Palm Beach 
Master 
$1,600.00 
$3,200.00 
Total 
$13,805.00 
ea 
Samsung 
UN6500 
65" LED LCD TV 
ea 
Peerless 
FLWG 
Flat Wall Mount 
ea 
Sunfire 
TG3 
Preamp 
ea 
Sunfire 
Cinema Grand 
Channel Amplifier 
ea 
Crestron 
CP2E 
Processor 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
'pad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
Application 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
Speaker Equalizer 
ea 
B & W 
Speakers 
ea 
Etherial 
2m 
HDMI Cable 
ea 
Etherial 
4m 
HDMI Cable 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
Ipad Program 
ea 
Etherial 
Misc 
Small Pads 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
Power Conditioner 
ea 
Klipsch 
Subwoofers 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
PAGE 6 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727439
--- PAGE 7 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
L.1 NI 
,C 
4011 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
• FFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) 50% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 40% PAYMENT UPON DELIVERY 
OF ALL EQUIPMENT TO JOB SITE. 
3) 10% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
4) LABOR WILL BE BILLED WEEKLY 
AT TIME AND MATERIAL 
5) SEE ATTACHED TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS FOR FURTHER INFO. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone * 
EMAIL 
I 
I 
I 
LSJ Theater 
53.500.00 
$4.250.00 
58.500.00 
51.900.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
51.050.00 
$55.00 
$275.00 
$110.00 
$32.00 
$320.00 
$800.00 
$350.00 
$325.00 
$1.300.00 
$1.600.00 
$3.200.00 
Room Total 
$22.975.00 
$32.000.00 
565.000.00 
582.500.00 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
ea 
Sunfire 
Amp 7401 
Channel 400 watt per channel 
ea 
Crestron 
CP2E 
Processor 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
Application 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
I 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
Speaker Equalizer 
ea 
Etherial 
2m 
HDMI Cable 
I 
ea 
Etherial 
4m 
HDMI Cable 
ea 
RDL 
2m 
XLR Cables 
I 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
Ipad Program 
I 
ea 
Etherial 
Misc 
Small Parts 
ea 
Klipsch 
Replacement 
Tweeters 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
* Projector Options TBD 
ea 
Digital Projection 
Highlite 
Projector 
ea 
Digital Projection 
Titan Reference' 
2D Projector 
ea 
Digital Projection 
Titan Reference' 
3D Projector 
PAGE 7 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727440

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727441.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727441.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROPOSAL 
S 
L.J NI 0,C 
C030 
Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
11/292010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The 
.0 err» DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNtTIAN 
4) Freight le not Included 
all Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
use, at our coat. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PR 
BRAND 
PART # 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE I 
TOTAL 
Project Summary 
Equipment Total 
3201,466.00 
This is Including 2D projector Option 
Labor 
322,400.00 
This is LSJ and NYC 
( $800 per day per Tech ) 
Estimated Travel 
$3,360.80 
This is 2 round Trip tickets to NYC 
and 4 Round Trips to LSJ 
Project Total 
$227,226.80 
Housing for LSJ will be at Emad's 
Housing for NYC will be at 301 
All Freight will be provided via Emad. 
Equipment 
Labor 
Total 
LSJ Theater 
589.275.00 
$3200.00 
$92.475.00 
LSJ Master 
510.605.00 
$3200.00 
$13.805.00 
LSJ Gym 
514.522.00 
$3200.00 
$17.722.00 
LSJ Tiki 
$14.322.00 
$3200.00 
$17.522.00 
LSJ Pool 
$19.472.00 
$3200.00 
$22.672.00 
71st 6th Floor 
$53.270.00 
$6400.00 
$59.670.00 
Total 
$22.400.00 
$223.866.00 
PAGE 1 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727441
--- PAGE 2 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
Li 
IM 
,C 
O)) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
11/2912010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
i) S0% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON t00% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNMAN 
4) Freight Is not Included 
all Frleght will be Invoiced to end 
user at our COSI. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PR 
BRAND 
PART# 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
I 
TOTAL 
Pool System 
$900.00 
$3,600.00 
$700.00 
$2,800.00 
51.600.00 
$4,800.00 
$1,500.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$180.00 
$350.00 
$400.00 
$3,200.00 
$650.00 
$450.00 
$500.00 
$800.00 
$1.600.00 
$3,200.00 
Total 
$22,672.00 
ea 
EN 
300 PI 
Outdoor Speakers 
ea 
EN 
122PI 
Dual 12" Subwoofer enclosure 
ea 
EN 
1212 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
ea 
EN 
DX46 
Equalizer 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ect. 
ea 
Windy City 
500' spool 
gauge 4 conductor 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
Power Conditioner 
ea 
Snap Av 
SM-Radc-12u 
Electronic Rack Enclosure 
ea 
Petra 
DA 
Analog Audio 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
Ipad Program 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
' please note that it will take 4 weeks 
from the date of ordering to obtain 
the EN Speakers they are made to order 
PAGE 2 
It approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727442
--- PAGE 3 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
Li
 NI 
0,C 
30 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
, ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
11/29/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1)80°b DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNMAN 
4) Freight Is not Included 
all Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
user at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
C itySt 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTY PR 
BRAND 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE I 
TOTAL 
TIKI HUT 
$450.00 
$1.800.00 
$700.00 
$1.400.00 
51.600.00 
$3.200.00 
$1.500.00 
5107.00 
5535.00 
5180.00 
5350.00 
5500.00 
5800.00 
5650.00 
$2.500.00 
5800.00 
51.600.00 
$3.200.00 
Total 
$17.522.00 
ea 
EN 
ZX1i 
Outdoor Speakers 
ea 
EN 
122PI 
Dual 12" Subwoofer enclosure 
ea 
EN 
1212 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
ea 
EN 
DX46 
Equalizer 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ect. 
ea 
Petra 
D/A 
Analog Audio 
ea 
Windy City 
500' spool 
gauge 4 conductor 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
Power Conditioner 
ea 
Entegra 
Custom 
Sealed Rack Enclosure 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
Ipad Program 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
* please note that it will take 4 weeks 
from the date of ordering to obtain 
the EV Speakers they are made to order 
PAGE 3 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727443
--- PAGE 4 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
Li
 NI 
,C 
031 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON, ILLINOIS 60010 
IMIII
AFXFICE 
Date 
I 
11/2912010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) 80% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNMAN 
4) Freight is not Included 
ell Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
use, at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
C ity:St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTY PR 
BRAND 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
I 
TOTAL 
LSJ GYM 
2x1400 watt amplifier 
52.300.00 
$4.600.00 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
51.600.00 
$3.200.00 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
Palm Beach 
House 
Equalizer 
$1.500.00 
Processor 
$1.900.00 
Apple TV 
5107.00 
Ipad 
5535.00 
Wireless switch 
5180.00 
XLR Ed. 
5350.00 
Application 
$100.00 
Ipad Program 
5800.00 
HDMI Baulin 
5950.00 
Rack Shelves 
$75.00 
5300.00 
Technitions 
$1.600.00 
$3.200.00 
Total 
$17.722.00 
ea 
EN 
CP4000S 
ea 
EN 
1212 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
ea 
EN 
DX46 
ea 
Crestron 
CP2E 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
ea 
Vanco 
SCHDMI 
ea 
Snap AN 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
PAGE 4 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727444
--- PAGE 5 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
o 
Li 
rm 
r, 
X 
1) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
11/29)2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
.0 err» DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON IN% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNMAN 
0) Freight is not Included 
ell Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
use, at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PR 
BRAND 
PART/ 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE I 
TOTAL 
6th Floor NYC 
From LSJ 
Theater 
$350.00 
$15.600.00 
$9,850.00 
$2.800.00 
$5,600.00 
$2.300.00 
$4,600.00 
$3,500.00 
$4250.00 
$8,500.00 
$700.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
$1,050.00 
$1,500.00 
$350.00 
$1.600.00 
$6.400.00 
Total 
$59.670.00 
ea 
Sony 
Oualia 
From LSJ 
ea 
Peerless 
URG300 
Projector mount 
pr 
PMC 
IB2S 
Front Left/Right Speakers 
ea 
PMC 
1B2C 
Center Speaker 
pr 
PMC 
Wafer 1 
Inwall Surrounds 
ea 
Sunfire 
TSE12 
Dual 12 2700watt Subwoofer 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
ea 
Sunfire 
Amp 7401 
Channel 400 watt per channel 
ea 
Denon 
BD 
Blu-Ray Player 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
Application 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
Speaker Equalizer 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
New Remote Control Program 
ea 
Monster 
Interconnect 
Package HDMI - Digital Audio 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
* Might need a New Lens for 
Qualia projector 
We will be utilizing the existing Screen 
PAGE 5 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727445
--- PAGE 6 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
L.1 NI 
,C 
O31 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
11/29/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) 80% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNMAN 
4) Freight Is not Included 
all Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
user at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
C ityiSt 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTY PR 
BRAND 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
Master Bedroom LSJ 
65" LED LCD TV 
Flat Wall Mount 
Preamp 
Channel Amplifier 
Processor 
Apple TV 
Ipad 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
Application 
Wireless switch 
Speaker Equalizer 
Speakers 
HDMI Cable 
HDMI Cable 
Ipad Program 
Small Parts 
Power Conditioner 
Subwoofers 
Technitions 
$4.100.00 
$350.00 
From LSJ 
Theater 
From LSJ 
Theater 
$1,900.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
$1,050.00 
Palm Beach 
Master 
$55.00 
$275.00 
$110.00 
$800.00 
$350.00 
Palm Beach 
Master 
Palm Beach 
Master 
$1.600.00 
$3,200.00 
Total 
$13.805.00 
I 
ea 
Samsung 
UN6500 
I 
ea 
Peerless 
FLWG 
I 
ea 
Sunfire 
TG3 
ea 
Sunfire 
Cinema Grand 
I 
ea 
Crestron 
CP2E 
I 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
I 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
I 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
I 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
I 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
I 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
ea 
B & W 
ea 
Etherial 
2m 
I 
ea 
Etherial 
4m 
I 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
I 
ea 
Etherial 
Misc 
I 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
ea 
Klipsch 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
PAGE 6 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727446
--- PAGE 7 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
LA NI 
D 
,C 
4O3) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON, ILLINOIS 60010 
• FFICE 
AX 
Date 
I 
11/2912010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
n 50% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2)40% PAYMENT UPON DELIVERY 
OF ALL EQUIPMENT TO JOB SITE. 
3) 10% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
4) LABOR WILL BE BILLED WEEKLY 
AT TIME AND MATERIAL 
5) SEE ATTACHED TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS FOR FURTHER INFO. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
LSJ Theater 
$65.000.00 
$4,500.00 
$3,500.00 
$4.250.00 
$8,500.00 
$1,900.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
$1,050.00 
$55.00 
$275.00 
$110.00 
$32.00 
$320.00 
$800.00 
$350.00 
$325.00 
$1,300.00 
$1.600.00 
$3,200.00 
Room Total 
$92.475.00 
ea 
Digital Projection 
Titan Reference' 
2D Projector 
ea 
Digital Projection 
Titan Reference' 
Enclosure for Noise 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
ea 
Sunfire 
Amp 7401 
Channel 400 watt per channel 
ea 
Crestron 
CP2E 
Processor 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
Application 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
Speaker Equalizer 
ea 
Etherial 
2m 
HDMI Cable 
ea 
Etherial 
4m 
HDMI Cable 
ea 
RDL 
2m 
XLR Cables 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
Ipad Program 
ea 
Etherial 
Misc 
Small Parts 
ea 
Klipsch 
Replacement 
Tweeters 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
PAGE 7 
If approved please fax back each page: 
I
EFTA00727447

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727448.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROPOSAL 
S 
Li NI I:, ,C 403)) 
Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
11/29/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The 
.0 so% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNtTIAN 
4) Freight le not Included 
all Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
use, at our coot. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PR 
BRAND 
PART # 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE I 
TOTAL 
Project Summary 
Equipment Total 
3201,466.00 
This is Including 2D projector Option 
Labor 
$22,400.00 
This is LSJ and NYC 
( $800 per day per Tech ) 
Estimated Travel 
$3,360.80 
This is 2 round Trip tickets to NYC 
and 4 Round Trips to LSJ 
Project Total 
$227,226.80 
Housing for LSJ will be at Emad's 
Housing for NYC will be at 301 
All Freight will be provided via Emad. 
Equipment 
Labor 
Total 
LSJ Theater 
$89.275.00 
$3200.00 
$92.475.00 
LSJ Master 
$10.605.00 
$3200.00 
$13.805.00 
LSJ Gym 
$14.522.00 
$3200.00 
$17.722.00 
LSJ Tiki 
$14.322.00 
$3200.00 
$17.522.00 
LSJ Pool 
$19.472.00 
$3200.00 
$22.672.00 
71st 6th Floor 
$53.270.00 
$6400.00 
$59.670.00 
Total 
$22.400.00 
$223.866.00 
PAGE 1 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727448
--- PAGE 2 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
Li 
NI 
,C 
03 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
• FFICE 
AX 
Date 
I 
11/2912010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1)80°» DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 106% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNtTIAN 
4) Freight is not Included 
ell Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
use, at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PRI 
BRAND 
I 
PART # 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
I 
TOTAL 
Pool System 
$900.00 
$3,600.00 
$700.00 
$2,800.00 
51.600.00 
$4,800.00 
$1,500.00 
5107.00 
5535.00 
5180.00 
5350.00 
$400.00 
$3,200.00 
5650.00 
$450.00 
5500.00 
5800.00 
S1.600.00 
$3,200.00 
Total 
$22.672.00 
ea 
EN 
300 PI 
Outdoor Speakers 
ea 
EN 
122PI 
Dual 12" Subwoofer enclosure 
ea 
DV 
1212 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
ea 
DV 
DX46 
Equalizer 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
load 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ed. 
ea 
Windy City 
500' spool 
gauge 4 conductor 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
Power Conditioner 
ea 
Snap Av 
SM-Rack-12u 
Electronic Rack Enclosure 
ea 
Petra 
D/A 
Analog Audio 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
Ipad Program 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
' please note that it will take 4 weeks 
from the date of ordering to obtain 
the EN Speakers they are made to order 
PAGE 2 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727449
--- PAGE 3 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
L.1 NI 
,C 
4013 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
11/29,2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
.0 sox DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNMAN 
0) Freight is not Included 
all Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
use, at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
CitySt 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYIPRI 
BRAND 
I 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
TIKI HUT 
$450.00 
$1,800.00 
$700.00 
$1,400.00 
51.600.00 
$3,200.00 
$1,500.00 
5107.00 
5535.00 
5180.00 
5350.00 
5500.00 
5800.00 
5650.00 
$2,500.00 
5800.00 
51.600.00 
$3,200.00 
Total 
$17.522.00 
ea 
EN 
ZX1i 
Outdoor Speakers 
ea 
EN 
122PI 
Dual 12" Subwoofer enclosure 
ea 
DV 
1212 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
ea 
DV 
DX46 
Equalizer 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ed. 
ea 
Petra 
D/A 
Analog Audio 
ea 
Windy City 
500' spool 
gauge 4 conductor 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
Power Conditioner 
ea 
Entegra 
Custom 
Sealed Rack Enclosure 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
Ipad Program 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
* please note that it will take 4 weeks 
from the date of ordering to obtain 
the EV Speakers they are made to order 
PAGE 3 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727450
--- PAGE 4 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
o 
Li 
rm 
cx 
X 
4(o)) 
Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
• FFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
11/2912010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The 
n safe DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNMAN 
4) Freight is not Included 
all Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
use, at our COSI. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City+St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PR 
BRAND 
I 
PART # 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
I 
TOTAL 
LSJ GYM 
52.300.00 
$4,600.00 
51.600.00 
$3,200.00 
Palm Beach 
House 
$1,500.00 
$1,900.00 
5107.00 
5535.00 
5180.00 
5350.00 
5100.00 
5800.00 
5950.00 
$75.00 
5300.00 
$1.600.00 
$3,200.00 
Total 
$17.722.00 
ea 
EN 
CP4000S 
2x1400 watt amplifier 
ea 
EN 
1212 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
ea 
EN 
DX46 
Equalizer 
ea 
Crestron 
CP2E 
Processor 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ed. 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
Application 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
Ipad Program 
ea 
Vanco 
SCHDMI 
HDMI Baulin 
ea 
Snap AN 
Rack Shelves 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
PAGE 4 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727451
--- PAGE 5 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
o 
Li 
rm 
cx 
X 
401) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
11/2912010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
.0 wry. DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON IN% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT 3800. PER TECHNtTIAN 
4) Freight Is not Included 
all Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
user et ow cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PRI 
BRAND 
I 
PART # 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE I 
TOTAL 
6th Floor NYC 
From LSJ 
Theater 
$350.00 
$15.600.00 
$9,850.00 
$2.800.00 
$5,600.00 
$2.300.00 
$4,600.00 
$3,500.00 
$4250.00 
$8,500.00 
$700.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
$1,050.00 
$1,500.00 
$350.00 
$1.600.00 
$6.400.00 
Total 
$59.670.00 
ea 
Sony 
Oualia 
From LSJ 
ea 
Peerless 
URG300 
Projector mount 
pr 
PMC 
1B25 
Front Left/Right Speakers 
ea 
PMC 
IB2C 
Center Speaker 
pr 
PMC 
Wafer 1 
Inwall Surrounds 
ea 
Sunfire 
TSE12 
Dual 12 2700watt Subwoofer 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
ea 
Sunfire 
Amp 7401 
Channel 400 watt per channel 
ea 
Denon 
BD 
Blu-Ray Player 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
Application 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
Speaker Equalizer 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
New Remote Control Program 
ea 
Monster 
Interconnect 
Package HDMI - Digital Audio 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
* Might need a New Lens for 
Qualia projector 
We will be utilizing the existing Screen 
PAGE 5 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727452
--- PAGE 6 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
o 
L.1 NI 
,C 
O31 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
11/29/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) ems DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNMAN 
4) Freight is not Included 
all Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
use, at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
C ity:St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTY PR 
BRAND 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE I 
TOTAL 
Master Bedroom LSJ 
65" LED LCD TV 
Flat Wall Mount 
Preamp 
Channel Amplifier 
Processor 
Apple TV 
Ipad 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
Application 
Wireless switch 
Speaker Equalizer 
Speakers 
HDMI Cable 
HDMI Cable 
Ipad Program 
Small Parts 
Power Conditioner 
Subwoofers 
Technitions 
$4.100.00 
$350.00 
From LSJ 
Theater 
From LSJ 
Theater 
$1,900.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
$1,050.00 
Palm Beach 
Master 
$55.00 
$275.00 
$110.00 
$800.00 
$350.00 
Palm Beach 
Master 
Palm Beach 
Master 
$1.600.00 
$3,200.00 
Total 
$13.805.00 
oa 
Samsung 
UN6500 
oa 
Peerless 
FLWG 
oa 
Sunfire 
TG3 
oa 
Sunfire 
Cinema Grand 
oa 
Crestron 
CP2E 
oa 
Apple 
AppleTV 
oa 
Apple 
Ipad 
oa 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
oa 
Apple 
Crestron 
oa 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
oa 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
oa 
B & W 
oa 
Etherial 
2m 
oa 
Etherial 
4m 
oa 
Crestron 
Program 
oa 
Etherial 
Misc 
oa 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
oa 
Klipsch 
oa 
Sound X 
Labor 
PAGE 6 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727453
--- PAGE 7 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
Li
 NI 
,C 
O11 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
• FFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
11/29/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) SO% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2)40% PAYMENT UPON DELIVERY 
OF ALL EQUIPMENT TO JOB SITE. 
3) 10% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
4) LABOR WILL BE BILLED WEEKLY 
AT TIME AND MATERIAL 
5) SEE ATTACHED TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS FOR FURTHER INFO. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
C itySt 
Phone • 
EMAIL 
I 
LSJ Theater 
$65.000.00 
$4,500.00 
$3,500.00 
$4,250.00 
$8,500.00 
$1,900.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
$1,050.00 
$55.00 
$275.00 
$110.00 
$32.00 
$320.00 
$800.00 
$350.00 
$325.00 
$1,300.00 
$1.600.00 
$3,200.00 
Room Total 
$92.475.00 
ea 
Digital Projection 
Titan Reference' 
2D Projector 
ea 
Digital Projection 
Titan Reference' 
Enclosure for Noise 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
ea 
Sunfire 
Amp 7401 
Channel 400 watt per channel 
ea 
Crestron 
CP2E 
Processor 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
Application 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
Speaker Equalizer 
ea 
Etherial 
2m 
HDMI Cable 
ea 
Etherial 
4m 
HDMI Cable 
ea 
RDL 
2m 
XLR Cables 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
Ipad Program 
ea 
Etherial 
Misc 
Small Parts 
ea 
Klipsch 
Replacement 
Tweeters 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
PAGE 7 
If approved please fax back each page: 
I
EFTA00727454

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727455.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM 
Document 104 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80811-MARRAMOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARAH 
KELLEN, 
Defendants, 
/ 
DEFENDANT EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO STRIKE "PLAINTIFFS JANE DOE NO. 101 AND 
JANE DOE NO. 102's RESPONSE IN SUPPORT OF PLAINTIFF C.M.A.'s MOTION TO 
FILE SUR-REPLY TO DEFENDANT'S REPLY TO PLAINTIFF'S MEMORANDUM IN 
RESPONSE 
TO 
DEFENDANT'S 
MOTION 
TO 
DISMISS 
FIRST 
AMENDED 
COMPLAINTFOR FAILURE TO STATE A CAUSE OF ACTION AND MOTION FOR MORE 
DEFINITE STATEMENT, (dated 5/21/091 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through his undersigned counsel, moves 
to strike Plaintiffs Jane Doe No. 101 And Jane Doe No. 102's Response In Support Of 
Plaintiff 
Motion To File Sur-Reply To Defendant's Reply To Plaintiff's 
Memorandum In Response To Defendant's Motion to Dismiss First Amended Complaint 
For Failure to State A Cause of Action And Motion for More Definite Statement, dated 
May 21, 2009, (hereinafter "JD 101 & 102's response"). Defendant states: 
1. JD 101 & 102's response is required to be stricken as there is absolutely no legal 
basis which would allow them as Plaintiffs in another action to file substantive 
arguments on behalf of another Plaintiff, 
in a separate action, in an effort to 
advance their position in another action and in an effort to rectify the Plaintiff 
failure to, and choice not to, address substantive legal issues in her response to 
Defendant's motion to dismiss in this action. Simply put, JD 101 & 102 are not parties 
EFTA00727455
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM 
Document 104 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 2 of 4 
C.M.A. v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 2 
to this action; they have each filed separate and distinct actions against Defendant 
EPSTEIN. Any substantive arguments they want to make can be advanced in each of 
their separately filed actions, not in an action filed by another Plaintiff, n 
who like 
JD 101 & 102 has her own legal representative. 
2. This Court's previously entered order regarding consolidation, dated May 14, 
2009 [Document 82], was for common discovery and procedural motions only. There is 
absolutely nothing in the order that would allow the multiple Plaintiffs in the separately 
filed actions against EPSTEIN to file multiple and duplicative substantive motions and 
legal memorandums in all of the cases. JD 101 & 102's response concedes that the 
issue raised is a substantive, not procedural one. (JD 101 & 102's response, ¶5). 
3. Allowing the multiple plaintiffs to "gang-up" in the separately filed actions flies in 
the face of the constitutional guarantees of due process. As well, it is a waste of judicial 
resources, and would be more costly and timely if multiple non-parties were allowed to 
file substantive motions and legal memorandum in the various actions against 
EPSTEIN. Each Plaintiff has her own action in which to fight her substantive legal 
battles, based on the distinct facts and issues as raised by the pleading in a particular 
case. A plaintiff should not be given multiple bites of multiple apples in order to 
advance her position in a separately filed action. 
4. Moreover, this Court, on May 28, 2009, denied Plaintiffs Motion for Leave to file 
brief as Amicus Curiae (DE 63). EPSTEIN's Response in Opposition to File brief as 
Amicus Curiae is, therefore, incorporated herein by reference. For the same reasons 
EFTA00727456
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM 
Document 104 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 3 of 4 
I 
C.M.A. v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 3 
outlined in the Response in Opposition to file brief as Amicus Curiae, as well as the 
facts set forth in this motion, the Court should deny the motion to file sur-reply. 
WHEREFORE, Defendant respectfully requests that this Court strike Plaintiff JD 101 
& 102's response. 
Counsel for Defend 
Certificate of Service 
EPSTEIN 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document Is being 
served this day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the 
manner specified by CM/ECF on this 
day of  Mav, 2009 
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
2290 10th Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
Counsel for Plaint 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney 
Scarola 
Barnhart 
Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach. FL 33409 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff 
Adam Horowitz, Esq. 
Stuart Mermelstein, Esq. 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
unse or e en ant Jeffrey Epstein 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
& 250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Spencer Todd Kuvin, Esq. 
Theodore Jon Leopold, Esq. 
EFTA00727457
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM 
Document 104 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 4 of 4 
C.M.A. v. Epstein, et ei. 
Page 4 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami FL 33160 
ntiffs Jane Does 2-7 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Law Office of Brad Edwards & Associates 
2028 Harrison Street, Suite 202 
Hollywood, FL 33020 
Counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 
Leopold Kuvin, P.A. 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite #200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
or Plaintiff 
Isidro Manuel Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Elkins & Boehringer 
224 Datura Avenue, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Counsel for Plaintiffs Jane Does 101 & 
102 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
ROBERT D. CR 
Florida Bar N.{'224162 
ON, JR., ESQ. 
I 
AEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUITIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00727458

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727459.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 123 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO.2, 
Plaintiff, 
CASE NO.; 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO.3, 
CASE NO.; 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO.4, 
CASE NO.; 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.; 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEH-REY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
EFTA00727459
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 123 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 2 of 4 
Page 2 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
CASE NO.; 08-CV-80993-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
C.M.A., 
CASE NO.; 08-CV-80811-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.; 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al., 
Defendants. 
CASE NO.; 08-CV-80994-MARRA/JOHNSON 
DOE II, 
Plaintiff, 
CASE NO.; 08-CV-80469-MARRA/JOHNSON 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al, 
EFTA00727460
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 123 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 3 of 4 
Page 3 
Defendants. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.; 08-CV-80591-MARRAJJOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
CASE NO.; 08-CV-80656-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE OF FILING 
The Defendant, EPSTEIN, by and through his undersigned attorneys, hereby files this 
Proposed Order Granting Unopposed Motion for Extension of Time to File Reply to Plaintiffs' 
Jane Does 2-7 Responses in Opposition to Motion to Compel Answers to 1g set of 
Interrogatories and lu Request to Produce (DE 102). 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel 
record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
CMJECF on this 
day of  May, 2009: 
EFTA00727461
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 123 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 4 of 4 
Page 4 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermeistein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
Counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe #2 
Jack Alan Goldberger 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar Nb. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTHER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
We 
Bach, FL 33401 
Phone 
Fax 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00727462
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 123-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29.2009 
Page 1 of 5 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
• JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-O7-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
EFTA00727463
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 123-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05;29/2009 
Page 2 of 5 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-803131-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
Plaintiff, 
JEI-I-REY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80994-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
C.M.A., 
CASE NO.: 08-80811-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
EFTA00727464
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 123-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 3 of 5 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEItREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
DOE II, 
CASE NO.: 09-80469-CIV-MARRA-JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 09-80591-CIV-MARRA-JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
CASE NO.: 09-80656-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEItItEY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
PROPOSED ORDER 
This matter came before the Court on Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN's, 
Unopposed Motion for Extension of Time to file Reply to Plaintiffs' Jane Does 2-7 
EFTA00727465
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cy-80119-KAM 
Document 123-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 4 of 5 
Responses in Opposition to Motion to Compel Answers to lst Set of Interrogatories and 
1" Request to Produce, it is HEREBY ORDERED and ADJUDGED that: 
Defendant's Unopposed Motion is GRANTED. Defendant shall have until May 
20, 2009 to file a Reply to Plaintiffs' Jane Does 2-7 Responses in Opposition to Motion 
to Compel Answers to 1" Set of Interrogatories and 1" Request to Produce 
DONE and ORDERED this 
day of 
, 2009. 
Kenneth A. Marra 
United States District Judge 
Courtesy Copies: 
Counsel of Record 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is 
being served this day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in 
the manner specified by CM/ECF on this 
day of  May, 2009: 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
Counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe #2 
Jack Alan Goldberger 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00727466
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 123-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 5 of 5 
Respect 
By: 
ROB • 
D. 
N, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. ME, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTT1ER & 
COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone 
Fax 
(Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00727467

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727468.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL 
October 1, 2009 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Here is how I propose we should handle our conversation on Sunday. Let's begin with the numbers. I will 
give you my numbers, which Carolyn and I have come up with based on a thorough review of our 
records. (I have already given these numbers to Beller.) I am confident that they are correct. I will then 
give you Beller's numbers, which you can check with him. I think you will see that the differences are 
relatively small. We should then decide how to resolve these differences. 
According to my records, the total fee I have received is: $3,290,732. According to Beller, the total fee I 
have received is $3,335,151. This represents a difference of $44,419 or about 1 and 1/3 percent. 
According to my records, the total hours I have spent come to: 2737.50. According to Beller, the total 
hours is 2,607.25. Beller's figures do not include my hours between Feb. 5 and Sept. 29, 2009, which 
come to 67 hours. The difference between us, including that figure, is 63 hours or about 2 and 1/3 
percent. 
I think you will agree that this is not a significant difference considering the complexity and duration of 
this case. I would be happy to spend many more hours debating these differences with Beller if you 
insist, or instead, figuring out some way of splitting the difference. I will let you decide how you want me 
to spend my time. (I've already put more hours into this billing issue than into your case over the past 
several weeks. Needless to say, I have not charged you for those hours.) 
Dividing the total hours into the three different payments we agreed to produces the following: 
175.25 hours @$885/hour = $155,096.25 
2362.25 hours @$1150/hour = $2,716,587.50 
200 hours (approximately) @$1,500/hour = $300,000 (I am certain that a careful and time consuming 
review of my travel records will show that I spent closer to 300 than 200 hours on your case in New York 
and Florida.) 
Adding up these different categories of fees produces the following total fee owed exclusively based on 
the hours: $3,171,683.75. Were Ito be paid solely on the basis of the hours, you would be owed 
$119,049 (thus requiring me to send you that amount out of the war chest fund that you sent me near 
the beginning of the case.) I have not included travel, Lexus-Nexus, Xerox etc. expenses, which come to 
somewhere between $5,000 and 10,000. If the latter, this figure is reduced to $109,049. 
In addition to these hours (and expenses), I am owed a guarantee of $100,000 per month for at least 20 
months (I had originally believed that the guarantee extended for 21 months. You originally believed the 
guarantee started earlier and extended for about 25 months, but I am prepared to accept the 20 
months. 
EFTA00727468
--- PAGE 2 ---
There are two possible interpretations of the guarantee. The first, and the most reasonable, is that you 
guaranteed me a minimum fee of $100,000 from you for the 20 months, but that if I went over the 
$100,000 in any given month you would pay me for my additional hours as well. The second is that 
during the guarantee period every hour I spent over the guarantee was to be uncompensated even 
though you asked me to devote those hours to your case. I certainly did not agree to the latter. 
Under the first interpretation I am owed: $453,146 on the guarantee. This would mean that I am 
currently owed a total of $334,097 ($453,146 minus $119,049 or $344,097 with the expenses). Under 
the second interpretation I am owed: $303,597 on the guarantee. This would mean that I am currently 
owed a total of: $184,548 ($303,597 minus $119,049 or $194,548 with the expenses). 
These figures are based on my numbers. If one does the same calculation based on Bellees numbers, 
the difference comes to: $116,859 (or $106,859 with the expenses). You would then owe me $217,238 
(or $227,238) under the first interpretation, and under the second interpretation $67,689 (or $77,689). 
Thus, even under Seller's interpretation he is simply wrong when he says categorically that "I've tried 
the calculations numerous ways and you have been overpaid". Beller has adamantly refused even to try 
to do the calculations using my numbers. In failing to do so and in concluding that I have been overpaid 
by any calculation he has mislead you and has caused friction in our friendship. 
As you can see, these differences ($116,859 or $106,859) while considerable are not nearly as great as 
Beller has made them seem. I have no idea why Beller has constantly tried to exaggerate the 
differences. 
I am sure that you and I can figure out a way of resolving these differences amicably and constructively 
without Seller's unproductive and always nasty intrusions. Let's talk about this on Sunday after you've 
had a chance to review these numbers. 
Cordially, 
Alan 
EFTA00727469

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727470.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Marie, 
I appreciate your letter of June 17, 2009. I sincerely hope that any and all 
issues that could generate an adversarial relationship between Mr. Epstein 
and the United States Attorney's Office are in our past. Like you, we hope 
that the ongoing, complex, and at times vigorous civil  litigation will not 
again require your involvement,-in-the-pecaliel-eizoil-pfeeeeilings; nor result 
in any belief on your part that any pleedinter-legal position taken by Mr. 
Epstein's counsel conflicts with the NPA. -3011e-also-unclersten44-that-you-de 
not-wisll-te-engage-ifre-dielegue-with-us-ebout-the-eivil-litigetion. 
In order to avoid future misunderstandings, however, I would like to have a 
discussion with you specifically about the-partieslour ongoing obligations 
as you understand them  under the NPA. As you know from past 
experience, and as Mr. Acosta previously acknowledged in letters to my 
partner Ken Starr (on December 4, 2007) and Lilly Ann Sanchez (on 
December 19, 2007), the language of ¶ 8 is "far from simple," and subject to 
significant ambiguity. -Aze-fully-intend4e-eireen4he-side-ef-eautienr  as-yeuf 
awkwarcl-for-the-USAO-te-ooncluot-a-cletaileil-review-of-eur-eivil-pleaclifigs 
before they are filed.
With-thet-saidr  I believe it is both necessary and  appropriate to seek 
immediate  clarification from the government about its understanding of a 
few provisions in the NPA. I-While-we-een-ask-thet is likely , bby no fault of 
our own that these issues will come before a judge or an independent third 
party, whose job it will be to interpret the intent of the parties, 
to 
intert-these-pr-evisiens3I I-think the court would most likely turn to both 
you, and I  to seek your views as the drafters of the agreementview 
before, before  expressing its view. Therefore, I believe it would brin 
about the finality be-that we both seek in a much reduced time frame 
ifeueh-more-effieierit-and-oongenial-if we could discuss some of the more 
ambiguous provisions  terms in the NPAr in-persee. 
One specific example come to mind. First, we clearly understood during the 
course of negotiating the NPA, and believe that both the language of the 
NPA and our prior correspondence with your office confirm, that the waiver 
of liability set forth in ¶ 8 was limited to cases in which an individual on 
your list was seeking a single recovery for a single injury under § 2255. It 
would follow, therefore, that the waiver of liability is not triggered in a 
EFTA00727470
--- PAGE 2 ---
situation where there are assertions of multiple predicate actsor multiple 
incidents with regard the same act.. Consistent with our long-term 
understanding of the NPA, we believe compliance with ¶ 8's waiver of 
liability requires only that Mr. Epstein stipulate to the existence of a single 
enumerated predicate that would entitle the-a plaintiff to actual damages for 
the applicable statutory minimum damages where actual damages fall short 
of that floor): for one incident. 
In addition if we believe the predecate act was time barred, we believe that 
we would have no obligation under the agreement as well as if any claim 
was later found to be time barred. 
Given your office's prior acknowledgements that the language of the NPA is 
far from clear, we very much would appreciate an opportunity to discuss ¶ 8 
with you in the near future to clarify the few but pivotal questions raised 
by the npa._not from the percpective of itt impact on ongoing civil cacec, 
but-instead-as-the- The very ddefense counsel whe-that negotiated the NPA 
with you is and-are committed to ensuring that Mr. Epstein abides fully by 
its terms.- It is my sincere hope that our discussion can avert future risks 
that anything we do will cause you to believe that there has been a breach of 
the NPA. 
Finally, I enclose a letter in response to your June 15 letter in order to 
provide you with our perspective on the issues you raised. I hope our 
differing views on certain events over the past several years as reflected in 
my letter will not in anyway divert us from a common goal of having Mr. 
Epstein complete his NPA obligations without further tension with your 
office. 
EFTA00727471

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727472.pdf
----------------------------------------
GEORGE V. DELSON ASSOCIATES 
OFFICE MEMORANDUM 
TO: 
File 
DATE: November 23, 2010 
FROM: GVD 
PRIORITY STATUS: Routine 
COPIES TO: JEE; Internal 
SUBJECT: 
JEE/Residence/US Days 
As of 11/23/10 the total number of JEE days presence in the U.S. as of 11/22/10 
pursuant to IRC Reg. 937-1 amounts to as follows: 
7/22/10 through 10/19/10 (see copy of our 10/21/10 memo) 
10/19/10 through 11/22/10 
Total US days as of 11/22/10 
(Remaining days in the year) 
Thus, if JEE spent the rest of the year in the US, he would be 1 day over the 
permitted 90 days. Travel plans should be adjusted accordingly and caution used 
to allow for "errors" in documentation. 
885 Second Avenue, New York, NY 10017 
Telephone 212-355-2404 Fax 212-355-2405 
EFTA00727472

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727473.pdf
----------------------------------------
AFFIDAVIT OF GLENN DUBIN 
STATE OF NEW YORK FLORIDA 
  SS.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORKPALM BEACH 
Glenn Dubin, being duly sworn, deposes and says: 
I. 
I am over twenty-one years of age and am competent to testify to the matters 
stated in this affidavit. I have personal knowledge of the facts and statements herein. 
Each of the facts and statements herein is true and correct. 
2. 
Starting in 2002, an entity that I both owned and controlled, currently known as 
Dubin & Swieca Asset Management, LLC ("DSAM"),_ itaclf owned interests in the 
general partner and in the investment manager ofd. Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund, 
M. (the "Zwirn Fund"). The Zwirn Fund was named after Daniel Zwim ("Zwim"). 
While Zwim was responsible for the day-to-day management and operations of the Zwim 
Fund, after Zwim spun off his business from DSAM (then known as Highbridge Capital 
Management. LLC),HIghbvidge-/Zwirri-_-I helped introduce investors to Zwim, invested 
my personal and family foundation assets with Zwim, and my firm allocated assets of 
Highbridge Capital Corporation (HCC) to an account managed by Zwim's company 
which was also the investment manager of the Zwim Fund. 
3. 
One of the early investors that I introduced to Zwirn was Jeffrey Epstein 
("Epstein"). Epstein was both a personal friend of mine and a longrtimeerm investor in 
HCC. My understanding is that beginning in 2002  Epstein subsetitientirdeekled—to 
invested assets in the Zwirn Fund through an entity called Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
EFTA00727473
--- PAGE 2 ---
4. 
In the fall of 2006, Zwim called me and told me that he was firing the Zwim 
Fund's Chief Financial Officer. Zwirn told me that there had been various irregularities 
at the Zwirn Fund, including that investors' money was used to pay for an airplane that 
would be owned by Zwirn's company. 
5. 
During October 2006, Zwim told me that he was making attempts to contact each 
investor in the Zwirn Fund, including Epstein, to explain the irregularities to them. 
6. 
After speaking with Zwim, Epstein called me very upset. Epstein said that Zwim 
had initially described the irregularities as "nonmaterial", but on a subsequent call, 
Zwim's description of the issues made it clear to Epstein that the problems were in fact 
very material. 
Epstein told me that when he confronted Zwim about the earlier 
description of the irregularties, Zwirn said that his counsel had told Zwim to use the word 
"non-material". Epstein felt that Zwim had lied to him. Epstein told me that he wanted 
to redeem Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s entire capital account investment-in the Zwim 
Fund immediately and that Epstein had made that demand to Zwirn. 
7. 
I subsequently spoke to Zwim about Epstein's demand. Zwim was concerned 
that a complete redemption could cause a "run-on-the-bank." Zwim asked me to discuss 
with Epstein reducing his demand to one-half of Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s total 
capital account -in the Zwirn Fund at the time, and I agreed I would discuss it with 
Epstein. 
8. 
Subsequently, I participated in a three-way call with both Zwim and Epstein. 
During this call, Epstein demanded from Zwim the withdrawal of all of Financial Trust 
EFTA00727474
--- PAGE 3 ---
Company. Inc.'s capital account in the Zwirn Fund. _Epstein said he wanted to redeem  all 
of Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s his-140 plus million dollars in that capital account 
immediately .7 -Zwim responded that such a redemption could cause a "run-on-the-bank" 
and asked Epstein to reduce his redemption demand to half of that amounLrZwim said 
that if Epstein made only a partial redemption request, Zwim would honor the request 
quickly. _During this discussion with Epstein, Epstein agreed to redeem at-slightly more 
thant half 
of Financial Trust Company. Inc.'s total capital account and said that 
Financial Trust Company. Inc. would redeem  80 million dollars. and Zwim agreed to 
honor that request. 
Zwim did not dispute that Epstein had the right to the total 
redemption of the-Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s capital account in the Zwim Fund. It 
is my understanding, based on subsequent conversations with Epstein, that after this 
conversation, Epstein made a written request for thate partial redemption of the-Financial 
Trust Company, Inc.'s investment —capital account  in the Zwirn Fund and that Zwim 
refused to honor this request. 
Glenn Dubin 
S‘‘ om to before me this 
day of JantiapyFebruary, 2010. 
(Seal) 
Notary Public 
PACE 
EFTA00727475
--- PAGE 4 ---
PAGE 1 
EFTA00727476

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727477.pdf
----------------------------------------
AFFIDAVIT OF GLENN DUBIN 
STATE OF NEW YORK FLORIDA 
  SS.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORKPALM BEACH 
Glenn Dubin, being duly sworn, deposes and says: 
I. 
I am over twenty-one years of age and am competent to testify to the matters 
stated in this affidavit. I have personal knowledge of the facts and statements herein. 
Each of the facts and statements herein is true and correct. 
2. 
Starting in 2002, an entity that I both owned and controlled, currently known as 
Dubin & Swieca Asset Management, LLC ("DSAM"),_ itaclf owned interests in the 
general partner and in the investment manager ofd. Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund, 
M. (the "Zwirn Fund"). The Zwirn Fund was named after Daniel Zwim ("Zwim"). 
While Zwim was responsible for the day-to-day management and operations of the Zwim 
Fund, after Zwim spun off his business from DSAM (then known as Highbridge Capital 
Management. LLC),HIghbvidge-/Zwirri-_-I helped introduce investors to Zwim, invested 
my personal and family foundation assets with Zwim, and my firm allocated assets of 
Highbridge Capital Corporation (HCC) to an account managed by Zwim's company 
which was also the investment manager of the Zwim Fund. 
3. 
One of the early investors that I introduced to Zwirn was Jeffrey Epstein 
("Epstein"). Epstein was both a personal friend of mine and a longrtimeerm investor in 
HCC. My understanding is that beginning in 2002  Epstein subsetitientirdeekled—to 
invested assets in the Zwirn Fund through an entity called Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
EFTA00727477
--- PAGE 2 ---
4. 
In the fall of 2006, Zwim called me and told me that he was firing the Zwim 
Fund's Chief Financial Officer. Zwirn told me that there had been various irregularities 
at the Zwirn Fund, including that investors' money was used to pay for an airplane that 
would be owned by Zwirn's company. 
5. 
During October 2006, Zwim told me that he was making attempts to contact each 
investor in the Zwirn Fund, including Epstein, to explain the irregularities to them. 
6. 
After speaking with Zwim, Epstein called me very upset. Epstein said that Zwim 
had initially described the irregularities as "nonmaterial", but on a subsequent call, 
Zwim's description of the issues made it clear to Epstein that the problems were in fact 
very material. 
Epstein told me that when he confronted Zwim about the earlier 
description of the irregularties, Zwirn said that his counsel had told Zwim to use the word 
"non-material". Epstein felt that Zwim had lied to him. Epstein told me that he wanted 
to redeem Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s entire capital account investment-in the Zwim 
Fund immediately and that Epstein had made that demand to Zwirn. 
7. 
I subsequently spoke to Zwim about Epstein's demand. Zwim was concerned 
that a complete redemption could cause a "run-on-the-bank." Zwim asked me to discuss 
with Epstein reducing his demand to one-half of Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s total 
capital account -in the Zwirn Fund at the time, and I agreed I would discuss it with 
Epstein. 
8. 
Subsequently, I participated in a three-way call with both Zwim and Epstein. 
During this call, Epstein demanded from Zwim the withdrawal of all of Financial Trust 
EFTA00727478
--- PAGE 3 ---
Company. Inc.'s capital account in the Zwirn Fund. _Epstein said he wanted to redeem  all 
of Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s his-140 plus million dollars in that capital account 
immediately .7 -Zwim responded that such a redemption could cause a "run-on-the-bank" 
and asked Epstein to reduce his redemption demand to half of that amounLrZwim said 
that if Epstein made only a partial redemption request, Zwim would honor the request 
quickly. _During this discussion with Epstein, Epstein agreed to redeem at-slightly more 
thant half 
of Financial Trust Company. Inc.'s total capital account and said that 
Financial Trust Company. Inc. would redeem  80 million dollars. and Zwim agreed to 
honor that request. 
Zwim did not dispute that Epstein had the right to the total 
redemption of the-Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s capital account in the Zwim Fund. It 
is my understanding, based on subsequent conversations with Epstein, that after this 
conversation, Epstein made a written request for thate partial redemption of the-Financial 
Trust Company, Inc.'s investment —capital account  in the Zwirn Fund and that Zwim 
refused to honor this request. 
Glenn Dubin 
S‘‘ om to before me this 
day of JantiapyFebruary, 2010. 
(Seal) 
Notary Public 
PACE 
EFTA00727479
--- PAGE 4 ---
PAGE 1 
EFTA00727480

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727481.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727481.pdf
----------------------------------------
AFFIDAVIT OF GLENN DUBIN 
STATE OF 
FLORIDA 
) ss.: 
COUNTY OF PALM-BEACH 
Glenn Dubin, being duly sworn, deposes and says: 
1. 
I am over twenty-one years of age and am competent to testify to the matters 
stated in this affidavit. I have personal knowledge of the facts and statements herein. 
Each of the facts and statements herein is true and correct. 
2. 
Starting in 2002, an entity that I both owned and controlled, currently known as 
Dubin & Swieca Asset Management, LLC ("DSAM"), itself-owned interests in the 
general partner and in the investment manager of.. 
Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund, 
(the "Zwirn Fund"). The Zwim Fund was named after Daniel Zwim ("Zwim"). 
While Zwim was responsible for the day-to-day management and operations of the Zwim 
Fund, after Zwirn spun off his business from Hlghbridge /Zwim, [Jeffrey. we do not 
identify Highbridge/Zwim anywhere previously. Isn't it better to indicate that Zwim 
used to be affiliated with DSAM, the entity that Glenn owned and controlled?] -I helped 
introduce investors to Zwim, invested my personal and family foundation assets with 
Zwim, and my firm allocated assets of Highbridge Capital Corporation (HCC) to an 
account managed by Zwim's company which was also the investment manager of the 
Zwim Fund. 
3. 
One of the early investors that I introduced to Zwirn was Jeffrey Epstein 
("Epstein"). Epstein was both a personal friend of mine and a longrtimeervit investor in 
EFTA00727481
--- PAGE 2 ---
HCC. My understanding is that Epstein subsequently decided to invest assets in the 
Zwirn Fund through an entity called Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
4. 
In the fall of 2006, Zwim called me and told me that he was firing the Zwim 
Fund's Chief Financial Officer. Zwirn told me that there had been various irregularities 
at the Zwirn Fund, including that investors' money was used to pay for an airplane that 
would be owned by Zwirn's company. 
5. 
During October 2006, Zwim told me that he was making attempts to contact each 
investor in the Zwirn Fund, including Epstein, to explain the irregularities to them. 
6. 
After speaking with Zwim, Epstein called me very upset. Epstein said that Zwim 
had initially described the irregularities as "nonmaterial", but on a subsequent call, 
Zwim's description of the issues made it clear to Epstein that the problems were in fact 
very material. 
Epstein told me that when he confronted Zwim about the earlier 
description of the irregularties, Zwirn said that his counsel had told Zwim to use the word 
"non-material". Epstein felt that Zwim had lied to him. Epstein told me that he wanted 
to redeem Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s entire investment in the Zwim Fund 
immediately and that Epstein had made that demand to Zwim. 
7. 
I subsequently spoke to Zwim about Epstein's demand. Zwim was concerned 
that a complete redemption could cause a "run-on-the-bank." Zwim asked me to discuss 
with Epstein reducing his demand to one-half of Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s total 
capital account -in the Zwirn Fund at the time, and I agreed I would discuss it with 
Epstein. 
EFTA00727482
--- PAGE 3 ---
8. 
Subsequently, I participated in a three-way call with both Zwim and Epstein. 
During this call, Epstein demanded from Zwim the withdrawal of all of Financial Trust 
Company, Inc.'s capital account in the Zwim Fund. _Epstein said he wanted all of 
Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s his-140 plus million dollars -immediately-z: -Zwim 
responded that such a redemption could cause a "run-on-the-bank" and asked Epstein to 
reduce his redemption demand to half of that amountc Zwim said that if Epstein made 
only a partial redemption request, Zwim would honor the request quickly. During this 
discussion with Epstein,_Epstein agreed to redeem et-slightly more thant half7 and said he 
would redeem 80 million dollars. Zwim did not dispute that Epstein had the right to the 
total redemption of the Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s capital account in the Zwim 
Fund. It is my understanding, based on subsequent conversations with Epstein, that after 
this conversation, Epstein made a written request for the partial redemption of the 
Financial Trust Company, Inc.'s investment in the Zwim Fund and that Zwim refused to 
honor this request. 
Glenn Duhin 
Sworn to before me this 
day ofianuaryFebruary 2010. 
(Seal) 
PAGE
Notary Public 
EFTA00727483
--- PAGE 4 ---
PAGE 1 
EFTA00727484

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727485.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727485.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Honorable Vincent F. Frazer 
Attorney General of the United States Virgin Islands 
Department of Justice 
3438 Kronprindsens Gade 
GERS Complex, Second Floor 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Dear Mr. Attorney General: 
My client, Jeffrey Epstein, is a full-time resident of the Virgin Islands, who 
maintains his home at Little St. James. On June 30, 2008, Mr. Epstein plead guilty to two 
felony counts in Florida state court. He received an 18-month incarcerative sentence to 
be followed by one year of supervision. Mr. Epstein resided the entire year in the Virgin 
Islands before his sentence, and his place of employment was, and still is, Financial Trust 
Company, Inc., located at Red Hook Quarter in St. Thomas. As both his legal residence 
and place of employment are the Virgin Islands, I write to request your assistance in the 
transfer of Mr. Epstein's supervision from the State of Florida to the Virgin Islands. 
In connection with his plea, Mr. Epstein agreed to one year of supervision, 
"community control", following his incarceration. Under the laws of the State of Florida, 
"community control" is an enhanced form of probation, where the offender is also subject 
to weekend and holiday supervision by case officers with reduced workloads. Unlike 
ordinary probation, Mr. Epstein is to meet with his probation officer at least once a week, 
as opposed to once a month, and is also subject to a list of additional restrictions. Please 
see the attached for the list of additional restrictions. As you will note, Mr. Epstein is 
required, at least under Florida law, to register as a sex offender. However, as his state 
charge was a non-violent offense, i.e., procuring a minor for prostitution, Virgin Islands 
law would govern as to Mr. Epstein's registration requirements. 
As you are aware, adult supervision is normally transferred under the Interstate 
Compact, when the sending jurisdiction (in this case, the State of Florida) makes a 
transfer request to the receiving jurisdiction (in this case, the Virgin Islands). Our 
associate has been in contact with Mr. Chris Lane, the coordinator of the Interstate 
Compact for the State of Florida in Tallahassee, and advises that in the particular case of 
Mr. Epstein's enhanced probation, the State of Florida would make such a request and 
transfer Mr. Epstein's supervision, if the Virgin Islands first confirms that it would be 
willing to accept that transfer. Substantial pressing demands of Mr. Epstein's Virgin 
Island's based business and the financial wellbeing of its employees make it imperative 
that Mr. Epstein resume work on St. Thomas as soon as possible. In light of this, we 
respectfully request assistance in implementing the appropriate transfer procedures. 
I believe that the Interstate Compact coordinator for the Virgin Islands, Ms. 
Arline Swan, would be the person from the Virgin Islands to shepherd the transfer 
through the appropriate channels on your end. In order to initiate the transfer process, 
Ms. Swan would first contact Mr. Lane to confirm to him that the Virgin Islands is 
willing to accept the transfer. Mr. Lane has been advised of the transfer request and is 
EFTA00727485
--- PAGE 2 ---
awaiting contact from Ms. Swan. Mr. Lane should then coordinate with the local 
probation office in Lake Worth, Florida and, more specifically, the officer in charge of 
Mr. Epstein's case, Mr. Duane Williams. Mr. Williams will need to complete the 
paperwork necessary to effectuate the transfer and forward the paperwork to Ms. Swan 
for the procedurally required action by the Virgin Islands. Enclosed is a sample of that 
paperwork for your reference. 
Mr. Epstein's supervision is to begin on July 22, 2009. In order to ensure that 
there is sufficient time for the transfer to take place in the ordinary course, we would 
request that the transfer process be initiated at your earliest convenience. 
Thank you for your attention. 
Respectfully, 
EFTA00727486

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727487.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Honorable Vincent F. Frazer 
Attorney General of the United States Virgin Islands 
Department of Justice 
48B-50C Kronprindsens Gade 
GERS Complex, Second Floor 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Dear Mr. Attorney General: 
My client, Jeffrey Epstein, is a full-time resident of the Virgin Islands, who 
maintains his home at Little St. James. On June 30, 2008, Mr. Epstein plead guilty to two 
felony counts in Florida state court. He received an 18-month incarcerative sentence to 
be followed by one year of supervision. Mr. Epstein resided the entire year in the Virgin 
Islands before his sentence, and his place of employment was, and still is, Financial Trust 
Company, Inc., located at Red Hook Quarter in St. Thomas. As both his legal residence 
and place of employment are the Virgin Islands, I write to request your assistance in the 
transfer of Mr. Epstein's supervision from the State of Florida to the Virgin Islands. 
In connection with his plea, Mr. Epstein agreed to one year of supervision, 
"community control", following his incarceration. Under the laws of the State of Florida, 
"community control" is an enhanced form of probation, where the offender is also subject 
to weekend and holiday supervision by case officers with reduced workloads. Unlike 
ordinary probation, Mr. Epstein is to meet with his probation officer at least once a week, 
as opposed to once a month, and is also subject to a list of additional restrictions. Please 
see the attached for the list of additional restrictions. As you will note, Mr. Epstein is 
required, at least under Florida law, to register as a sex offender. However, as his state 
charge was a non-violent offense, i.e., procuring a minor for prostitution, Virgin Islands 
law would govern as to Mr. Epstein's registration requirements. 
As you are aware, adult supervision is normally transferred under the Interstate 
Compact, when the sending jurisdiction (in this case, the State of Florida) makes a 
transfer request to the receiving jurisdiction (in this case, the Virgin Islands). Our 
associate has been in contact with Mr. Chris Lane, the coordinator of the Interstate 
Compact for the State of Florida in Tallahassee, and advises that in the particular case of 
Mr. Epstein's enhanced probation, the State of Florida would make such a request and 
transfer Mr. Epstein's supervision, if the Virgin Islands first confirms that it would be 
willing to accept that transfer. Substantial pressing demands of Mr. Epstein's Virgin 
Island's based business and the financial wellbeing of its employees make it imperative 
that Mr. Epstein resume work on St. Thomas as soon as possible. In light of this, we 
respectfully request assistance in implementing the appropriate transfer procedures. 
I believe that the Interstate Compact coordinator for the Virgin Islands, Ms. 
Arline Swan, would be the person from the Virgin Islands to shepherd the transfer 
through the appropriate channels on your end. In order to initiate the transfer process, 
Ms. Swan would first contact Mr. Lane to confirm to him that the Virgin Islands is 
willing to accept the transfer. Mr. Lane has been advised of the transfer request and is 
EFTA00727487
--- PAGE 2 ---
awaiting contact from Ms. Swan. Mr. Lane should then coordinate with the local 
probation office in Lake Worth, Florida and, more specifically, the officer in charge of 
Mr. Epstein's case, Mr. Duane Williams. Mr. Williams will need to complete the 
paperwork necessary to effectuate the transfer and forward the paperwork to Ms. Swan 
for the procedurally required action by the Virgin Islands. Enclosed is a sample of that 
paperwork for your reference. 
Mr. Epstein's supervision is to begin on July 22, 2009. In order to ensure that 
there is sufficient time for the transfer to take place in the ordinary course, we would 
request that the transfer process be initiated at your earliest convenience. 
Thank you for your attention. 
Respectfully, 
EFTA00727488

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727489.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Honorable Vincent F. Frazer 
Attorney General of the United States Virgin Islands 
Department of Justice 
3438 Kronprindsens Gade 
GERS Complex, Second Floor 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Dear Mr. Attorney General: 
My client, Jeffrey Epstein, is a full-time resident of the Virgin Islands, who 
maintains his home at Little St. James. On June 30, 2008, Mr. Epstein plead guilty to two 
felony counts in Florida state court. He received an 18-month incarcerative sentence to 
be followed by one year of supervision. Mr. Epstein resided the entire year in the Virgin 
Islands before his sentence, and his place of employment was, and still is, Financial Trust 
Company, Inc., located at Red Hook Quarter in St. Thomas. As both his legal residence 
and place of employment are the Virgin Islands, I write to request your assistance in the 
transfer of Mr. Epstein's supervision from the State of Florida to the Virgin Islands. 
In connection with his plea, Mr. Epstein agreed to one year of supervision, 
"community control", following his incarceration. Under the laws of the State of Florida, 
"community control" is an enhanced form of probation, where the offender is also subject 
to weekend and holiday supervision by case officers with reduced workloads. Unlike 
ordinary probation, Mr. Epstein is to meet with his probation officer at least once a week, 
as opposed to once a month, and is also subject to a list of additional restrictions. Please 
see the attached for the list of additional restrictions. As you will note, Mr. Epstein is 
required, at least under Florida law, to register as a sex offender. However, as his state 
charge was a non-violent offense, i.e., procuring a minor for prostitution, Virgin Islands 
law would govern as to Mr. Epstein's registration requirements. 
As you are aware, adult supervision is normally transferred under the Interstate 
Compact, when the sending jurisdiction (in this case, the State of Florida) makes a 
transfer request to the receiving jurisdiction (in this case, the Virgin Islands). Our 
associate has been in contact with Mr. Chris Lane, the coordinator of the Interstate 
Compact for the State of Florida in Tallahassee, and advises that in the particular case of 
Mr. Epstein's enhanced probation, the State of Florida would make such a request and 
transfer Mr. Epstein's supervision, if the Virgin Islands first confirms that it would be 
willing to accept that transfer. Substantial pressing demands of Mr. Epstein's Virgin 
Island's based business and the financial wellbeing of its employees make it imperative 
that Mr. Epstein resume work on St. Thomas as soon as possible. In light of this, we 
respectfully request assistance in implementing the appropriate transfer procedures. 
I believe that the Interstate Compact coordinator for the Virgin Islands, Ms. 
Arline Swan, would be the person from the Virgin Islands to shepherd the transfer 
through the appropriate channels on your end. In order to initiate the transfer process, 
Ms. Swan would first contact Mr. Lane to confirm to him that the Virgin Islands is 
willing to accept the transfer. Mr. Lane has been advised of the transfer request and is 
EFTA00727489
--- PAGE 2 ---
awaiting contact from Ms. Swan. Mr. Lane should then coordinate with the local 
probation office in Lake Worth, Florida and, more specifically, the officer in charge of 
Mr. Epstein's case, Mr. Duane Williams. Mr. Williams will need to complete the 
paperwork necessary to effectuate the transfer and forward the paperwork to Ms. Swan 
for the procedurally required action by the Virgin Islands. Enclosed is a sample of that 
paperwork for your reference. 
Mr. Epstein's supervision is to begin on July 22, 2009. In order to ensure that 
there is sufficient time for the transfer to take place in the ordinary course, we would 
request that the transfer process be initiated at your earliest convenience. 
Thank you for your attention. 
Respectfully, 
EFTA00727490

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727491.pdf
----------------------------------------
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY-WORK PRODUCT 
REFLECTS PRIVILEGED ATTORNEY/CLIENT COMMUNICATIONS 
MEMORANDUM 
TO: 
FILE 
FROM: 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
RE: 
WRONGDOING BY ATTORNEYS IN THE EPSTEIN 
CRIMINAL MATTER 
DATE: 
September 25, 2008 
1. 
Gerald Lefcourt, Esq. 
A. 
Left/Lost in a public area confidential documents that wound up 
being reported on in the press. 
B. 
Never explained to JEE that there was an opportunity to move 
probation to the VI 
C. 
Advised JEE that Aggravated Assault ran the risk of being a sex offense 
in certain states. 
D. 
Hired Lilly Sanchez telling JEE that Lilly's relationship with Menschel 
was paramount. Lilly ended up telling Menschel that we did not want 
to fight Lilly previously had an affair with Menschel. 
E. 
Jerry and Lilly prepared a letter that emphasized that there was no 
sex in this case, even though JEE told them that this was not true. In 
response, Jerry and Lilly said that the state could file a rape charge, 
but Jack Goldberger has advised that Barry Krischer said the state 
would never do that 
F. 
Jerry shot down every effort of Mike Tein and Guy Lewis because Lilly 
advised that Guy had been fired from his job as a US Attorney. Jerry 
refused to meet Mike Tein in Miami when Jerry was at the Breakers in 
Palm Beach because Jerry said that he did not want to drive in rush 
hour traffic. 
Jerry claimed that Mike and Guy "fucked up" the 
Lilly/Marie Villafana relationship. When Marie said they thought they 
wanted my passport, so I could not run, Jerry refused to contact Andy 
Lourie, saying that Jerry was certain that Andy would decline 
prosecution and that Guy and Mike were wrong to suggest keeping in 
contact. 
G. 
When Menschel said that he wanted us to make proposal with bite, 
Jerry said no, they will decline, so why give anything away. 
H. 
Jerry said that the FBI would need NEW MEAT, as they don't like cases 
that are stale. 
EFTA00727491
--- PAGE 2 ---
I. 
Jerry said there was no jurisdiction, and when the Post reporter called 
and said it was the phone use that the government was concerned 
about, Jerry said that was ridiculous. 
J. 
When Mike Tein wanted JEE to meet with Andy Lourie, Jerry said no 
way. 
K. 
Jerry convinced himself that Lanna was on Jerry's side, though Lanna 
said that she would lead the GJ to bring no charge, but lead the GJ to 
bring a charge of solicitation. Jerry then defended her decision. 
L. 
Jerry said that the Police could not release the police reports as that 
would be a gross violation. 
M. 
Jerry said we should not respond to the press, as it would only 
generate another story. This lasted for years. 
N. 
Jerry refused to attend a meeting as he said that Jeff Zucker, himself, 
had invited Jerry to the US Open and Jerry wanted to go. 
0. 
Jerry told JEE that Jeff Sloman only blew with the wind and was not 
involved. 
P. 
Jerry assured JEE that according to Lilly Alex Acosta read everything 
we sent, which turned out not to be true. 
Q. 
Jerry told JEE that Alex held a meeting every Monday to bring him up 
to speed on what was happening. 
R. 
We did not take one affirmative step. 
S. 
We hired Mr. White to represent Marina, a friend of Jerry's to 
represent Darren 
T. 
The Cordero lawsuit has cost more than a quarter of a million dollars 
and still no result. 
U. 
Jerry was sure that that the USAO would decline and only when Andy 
Lourie said that if the USAO could make a case, they would bring it, 
did Jerry finally become concerned. 
V. 
Jerry refused to allow Alan Dershowitz to attend meetings with Andy, 
though Andy said that he liked Alan and thought that Jerry was a 
pompous lightweight. 
W. 
When it became time to negotiate a resolution, Jerry added three 
months to the fifteen he was told to offer because Jerry said that six 
months misdemeanor was the only way. Andy Lourie was happily 
surprised at this. 
X. 
The Procuring charge to which JEE was required to plead guilty under 
the NPA was entirely fictitious. In order for JEE to be guilty of 
procuring, it was required that JEE received money for procuring 
minors for prostitution, which obviously was not what occurred 
factually. Jerry (as well as Alan Dershowitz) specifically told JEE that 
it was impossible for the government's lawyers to suggest that JEE 
plead guilty to procuring where the facts do not fit the charge. 
Contrary to what Jerry and Alan told JEE, the government insisted that 
JEE plead guilty to procuring even though the facts did not fit the 
charge. 
EFTA00727492
--- PAGE 3 ---
Y. 
Jack Goldberger advised that in talking to Lanna, Lanna believed that 
the Palm Beach Police Chief should be involved in the filing of the 
solicitation of prostitution charge. When JEE advised Gerry of this, 
Gerry proceeded to lecture JEE on the role of the police and state 
attorney's office in the criminal justice process. According to Gerry, 
police role is limited to that of investigators and they have no 
authority, right or say in what charges are ultimately brought by the 
state as a result of the police investigation. Consequently, Gerry 
insisted that it would be Barry and Lanna who tell the Police Chief 
what to do and the local police chief, who is small time, has no power 
in this process, so F_ him. Once again Gerry's ego would not allow 
the possibility that a local police chief could have any impact on the 
matter being negotiated between him and the state attorney. 
Obviously, Gerry was dead wrong because it was the police chief, who 
being left out of the process, got the FBI and the US Attorney's office 
involved, taking the process out of the hands of the state and causing 
an unprecedented investigation and involvement by federal 
authorities in what was clearly a local matter. 
2. 
Lilly Sanchez 
A. 
Lilly provided us with a bad reading of the Section 796.03, registrable 
offense, that set off another battle with Marie Villfana 
B. 
At an all hands meeting, Lilly said that she had a Federal 
misdemeanor, a maritime offense since the property was on the 
water, that made us look ridiculous. Lilly said that she had a number 
of such cases. This was bolstered by Jack Goldberger's statement that 
he had a maritime case which was sufficient because the house 
touched the water. 
C. 
Though Jerry kept touting Lilly's former job, Roy said that Lilly was 
supposed to remain in the background. 
D. 
Lilly advised JEE that Menschel knew that the state plea would entail 
no jail time. 
E. 
Lilly prepared documents that were childish and stated incorrect 
information, then apologized stating that she had become very busy. 
F. 
Lilly told Menschel "off the record" that Jerry and Alan though that 
because of the numbers the case would be hard to fight (which 
obviously interfered with the ability to negotiate an appropriate deal 
for JEE) 
3. 
Alan Dershowitz 
A. 
Though Alan said that Barry Krischer had asked Alan for a copy of his 
book, Barry Krischer refused to return Alan's calls. 
B. 
Alan never told JEE about the probation option, but told me that 
Recarey would try to violate me and that it would be a five year 
sentence. Alan never told JEE that before JEE could be violated there 
would have to be a probation hearing. Alan never told JEE about the 
EFTA00727493
--- PAGE 4 ---
possibility/ability of moving probation to the VI, which would have 
avoided Recarey being able "to violate JEE." 
C. 
Alan lectured Lanna and Dahlia when he met with them, alienating 
them immediately. 
D. 
Alan had us give Steven Pinker $10,000 for a letter. 
E. 
Alan hired Herb Stern and paid him $100,000 for an opinion that was 
never read. 
F. 
Alan said at an all hands meeting that it would be malpractice for Alan 
to recommend to JEE that we take this to trial. That comment sealed 
JEE's fate. 
G. 
Alan said that he had to tell Lanna that there was no sex though Alan 
knew that to be untrue. 
H. 
Alan told JEE that it was impossible for the government's lawyers to 
suggest that JEE plead guilty to procuring because the facts did not fit 
the charge. However, the government insisted upon JEE pleading 
guilty to that charge otherwise the government would have held him 
in breach of the NPA. 
4. 
Roy Black 
A. 
Roy recommended Guy Fronstein saying that Guy had a relationship 
with Dahlia Weiss, though Dahlia said that she hated Guy. 
B. 
There were great, well known local counsels and we chose the bottom 
of the barrel. Had we associated with Jack David Roth or Richard 
Lubin, this never would have happened. 
C. 
Roy never attended a meeting. He gave us Guy and Mike, and said that 
I should fire all other lawyers because Guy and Mike had a good 
relationship with Andy Lourie. 
5. 
Jay Lefkowitz 
A. 
Alex Acosta told Jay three times that Marie Villafana was off the case, 
though this was obviously untrue. 
B. 
Jay said that Alex would never refuse to take Jay's call, though this is 
what happened. 
C. 
Jay said to include JEE's relationship with President Clinton and the 
USAO's disclosure to the NY Times in the presentation to Justice and 
our presentation was dismissed without a hearing. 
6. 
Guy Lewis and Mike Tein 
A. 
Guy and Mike said that 2255 would be excised from the NPA, but this 
did not happen. 
B. 
Guy and Mike said that Andy Lourie bought in to the Wilt Chamberlain 
story. 
C. 
Guy and Mike said that Guy was friendly with Barry M and called JEE 
Christmas Eve to say that Guy had talked and met with Alice Fisher. 
Guy had also spoken to Drew Roth, and got absolutely nowhere. 
EFTA00727494

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727495.pdf
----------------------------------------
12:59 PM 
08/06/09 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of August 6, 2009 
Type 
Date 
Num 
10000 • Bank 
10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
Name 
Memo 
Amount 
Balance 
32.189.10 
32.189.10 
Deposit 
7/29/2009 
Deposit 
1,000,000.00 
1.032.189.10 
Check 
7/29/2009 
Wire 
Cabinet Experton SPRL 
1650 Euros July lee 
-1,650.00 
1.030.539.10 
Check 
7/29/2009 
Wire 
Burman, Critton, Luttier 8 Coleman... 
-150.000.00 
880.539.10 
Check 
7/29/2009 
Wire 
Stephen Auguste 
-5.320.00 
875.219.10 
Check 
7/29/2009 
Wire 
David H Gott 
-13.497.86 
861.721.24 
Check 
7/29/2009 
Wire 
Kraus-Maning, Inc 
-9.241.00 
852.480.24 
Check 
7/30/2009 
Wire 
= 
reimb. exp 
-1.025.00 
851.455.24 
Check 
7/31/2009 
Wire 
Atterbury, Goldberger 8 Weiss. PA 
-3.776.48 
847.678.76 
Check 
7/31/2009 
Direst 
American Express 3715-657814-3... 
-748.60 
846.929.96 
Check 
8/4/2009 
Wire 
Maquire Group Inc. 
Projects: Office pawlion, 
-7.275.94 
839.654.02 
Check 
8/4/2009 
Wire 
The International Culmary Center. ... 
Account # 2115446935 ... 
-42.000.00 
797.654.02 
Check 
8/4/2009 
Wire 
LSJ, LLC 
-10.000.00 
787.654.02 
Check 
8/4/2009 
Wire 
Law Office of W. Trent Steele 
-500.000.00 
287.654.02 
Check 
8/4/2009 
Wire 
LSJ, LLC 
-50.000.00 
237.654.02 
Check 
8/5/2009 
Wire 
Cargotec Solution LLC 
-2.150.00 
235.504.02 
Check 
8/5/2009 
Wire 
Scott Graf 
August 3. invoice 
-1.700.00 
233.804.02 
Check 
8/5/2009 
Wire 
American Export Company 
-13.452.00 
220.352.02 
Check 
8/5/2009 
Wire 
Atterbury, Goldberger 8 Weiss. PA 
-50.000.00 
170.352.02 
Check 
8/5/2009 
Wire 
David H Gott 
-2.325.81 
168.026.21 
Total 10011 . JPMorgan Chase MM 
135.837.11 
168.026.21 
Total 10000 • Bank 
135.837.11 
168.026.21 
TOTAL 
135,837.11 
168,026.21 
Page 1 
EFTA00727495

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727496.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey Epstein 
Outstanding Legal Invoices as of 8-14-09 
Total 
Outstanding 
For the period ending 
Invoice 
Paid 
Amount 
Critton 
6/30/09 
191,083.48 
-150,000.00 
41,083.48 
7/31/09 
173,819.06 
0.00 
173,819.06 
Total billed 
364,902.54 
-150,000.00 
214,902.54 
Martin Weinberg 
7/31/09 
25,583.10 
0.00 
25,583.10 
Total billed 
25,583.10 
0.00 
25,583.10 
Riley Kiraly 
7/7/09 
52,779.88 
0.00 
52,779.88 
8/3/09 
55,941.46 
0.00 
55,941.46 
Total billed 
108,721.34 
0.00 
108,721.34 
-18,403.42 
Roy Black - trust account 
7/31/09 
7,155.00 
-25.558.42 
Total billed 
7,155.00 
-25,558.42 
-18,403.42 
- 
Storch 
3/31/09 and prior (I do not have backup) 
75,865.43 
-25,000.00 
50,865.43 
4/30/09 
6,643.00 
0.00 
6,643.00 
5/31/09 
3,213.48 
0.00 
3,213.48 
6/30/09 
(courtesy credit-->) 
13,845.30 
-2,135.00 
11,710.30 
243 73 
7/31/09 
37,243.73 
0.00 
Total billed 
136,810.94 
-27,135.00 
109,675.94 
5.681.50 
Steven Strumwasser 
5.681.50 
7/10/09 
0.00 
Total billed 
5,681.50 
0.00 
5,681.50 
26,334.66 
Kirkland & Ellis 
6/30/09 - jane doe 101 litigation 
26,334.66' 
0.00 
6/30/09 - doj investigation & related lawsuits 
44,591.29 
0.00 
44.591.29 
Total billed 
70,925.95 
0.00 
70,925.95 
(note: last bill we paid 80% of and kirkland is still showing an outstanding balance of 54,374.39) 
EFTA00727496
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Outstanding Legal Invoices as of 8-14-09 
Total 
Outstanding 
For the period ending 
Invoice 
Paid 
Amount 
Reeder & Reeder 
7/12/09 
30,365.00 
-10,000.00 
20,365.00 
Total billed 
30,365.00 
-10,000.00 
20,365.00 
(I show a retainer payment made by JEE on 5/29/09 however their invoice does not reflect payment) 
0.00 
Bruce Reinhart 
6/1/09 
18,117.00 
-18.117.00 
Total billed 
18,117.00 
-18,117.00 
0.00 
(I do not have the most recent bill if there is one??) 
Kreusler Walsh 
7/1/09 
17,532.75 
-10,000.00 
7,532.75 
7/24/09 
22,059.56 
0.00 
22,059.56 
Total billed 
39,592.31 
-10,000.00 
29,592.31 
McIntosh 
7/20/09 Statement of Account 
20,107.94 
-10,000.00 
10,107.94 
Total billed 
20,107.94 
-10,000.00 
10,107.94 
(not sure of payments made to date as they were not made from JEE personal account) 
Richard Hall 
8/6/09 
23,145.72 
-7,000.00 
16,145.72 
Total billed 
23,145.72 
-7,000.00 
16,145.72 
TOTAL OUTSTANDING LEGAL BILLS 
593,297.92 
NOTE: 
The following were not included above as I did not have their information: 
a) Jack Goldberger 
!_3_) Podhurst 
c) Lawrence Newman 
EFTA00727497

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727498.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 17, 2009 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 10021 
Dear Jeffrey, 
With yearend fast approaching, I want to express my deep appreciation for your continued 
support in building our collection at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. Your wonderful 
generosity has, indeed, contributed to making SFMOMA one of the premier venues for modern 
and contemporary art. It is our community's shared dedication to art and its capacity to enrich 
lives that has grounded this enterprise for 75 years. 
As you may recall, we review our fractional gifts with you annually as part of our ongoing 
commitment to stewardship here at the museum. To ensure that our records continue to be in 
accord with yours, please find the enclosed list of works that we own jointly. Objects displayed 
by SFMOMA this past year have been noted. For works not displayed in 2009, we formally 
waive our right to do so but look forward to opportunities to share them with our public in the 
future. If you have questions, do not hesitate to contact Rudolf Frieling, Curator of Media Arts, 
at (415) 357-4131 or rfrieling@sfmoma.org, or at our address below. 
Thank you once again for your commitment to the museum's collection. SFMOMA's story of 
modern and contemporary art is strengthened through our partnership with you. I look forward 
to working with you in exciting ways in the coming year. 
Sincerely, 
Neal Benezra 
Director 
Enclosures 
SAN FRANCISCO MUSIUM Of MORIFIN ART 
151 THIRD STREET • SAN IRAN Ci SCO. CA 94103.3159 
lit 115.357.4000 FAA AIS 357 4031 
www.sii/AOmA ORG 
EFTA00727498
--- PAGE 2 ---
SFMOMA 
Work co-owned with Jeffrey Epstein 
John F. Simon Jr. 
ComplexCity 
2000 
software, Apple PowerBook G3, and acrylic 
Fractional and promised gift of Jeffrey Epstein 
2001.54 
SFMOMA ownership interest: 20% 
12/8/2009 
EFTA00727499

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727500.pdf
----------------------------------------
AU251.1 Page 1 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
358 EL BRILLO WAY 
PALM BEACH Ft 33480 
State of New York - Department of Taxation and Finance 
Statement of Personal Inman, Tax Audit Changes 
Manhattan District Office 
Jurisdiction(s): New York State New York City 
Resident Status: 
Resident 
Resident 
Filing Status: 1 - Single 
Dote Issued: 03/01/96 
Case Number: X-555616246 2 
F.R.N.t 47980540 
S.S.N.: 090.44-3348 4 
S.S.N.: 
• • 
JI4 • 
Tax Period: 1992 
New York 
New York 
City of 
Total 
State 
City 
Yonkers 
Liability 
Corrected Tax Liability (rem Attachment 
1,257,968.330, 
Tax Previously Paid or Adjusted 
591,623.00A,
732,549.79A/ 
38,390.00 O
ft
1,990,518.12 
630,013.00 
Additional Tax Liability 
666,345.33 4/
694,159.79 
1,360,505,12
Penalties 
Total Penalties 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Interest Computed to • 03/29/96 
157,225.62 
163,788.50 
321,014.12 
Totals 
823,570.95J/
857,948.29e/
v4' 
1,681,519.24 
Remarks: Due to computational rounding totals may display +/- one cent. 
TAXPAYER IS BEING TAXED AS A DOMICILIARY OF NYS FOR 1992. PER AUDIT, TAXPAYER CHANGED NY DOMICILE TO FLORIDA EFFECTIVE 
6/30/93. 
Consent to Findings: Pursuant to Section 681(F) of the Tax Law, the restrictions provided in Section 681(C) of the lax 
law are waived, and consent is given to the assessment/collection of tho above deficiency(s), together with interest 
thereon, as provided by Lew, and the overassessment(s) is accepted as correct. We understand that these field audit 
adjustments are subject to review. 
Signature 
Date 
Signature 
Date 
Id/
EFTA00727500
--- PAGE 2 ---
AU251.1 
Page 2 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
358 EL BRILLO NAY 
PALM BEACH FL 33480 
State of New York - Department of Taxation and Finance 
Statement of Personal Income Tax Audit Changes 
Manhattan District Office 
Jurisdiction(s): New York State New York City 
Resident Status: 
Resident 
Resident 
Filing Status: 1 - Single 
Date Issued: 03/01/96 
Case Number: X-555616246 2 
F.R.N.: 47980540 
S.S.N.: 090.44.3348 4 
S.S.N.: 
• - 
Schedule of Audit Adjustments to New York Siete Taxable income 
Tax Period: 1992 
N.Y. State Adjusted Gross Income per Return 
Audit Increases to N.Y. State Income 
Audit Decreases to N.Y. State Income 
Net Adjustments to N.Y. State Income 
Corrected Adjusted Gross Income 
Itemized Deductions per Return 
Audit Increases to Itemized Deductions 
Audit Decreases to Itemized Deductions 
Net Adjustments to Itemized Deductions 
N.Y. Itemized Deduction Adjustment 
Corrected Itemized Deductions After Modification 
Number of Exemptions Allowed: 0 • Value of Each Exemption: 1000 
17,132,693.00 er.' 
17,132,693.00 
1,404,095.00 IY 
0.00 
702,047.50 Yr 
702,047.50 
0.00 
Corrected N.Y. State Taxable Income 
16,430,645.50 .P1 
EFTA00727501
--- PAGE 3 ---
AU251.1 
Page 3 
JEFFREY EPSTE1N 
358 EL GRILLO WAY 
PALM BEAU FL 33480 
State of Hem York - Department of Taxation and Finance 
Statement of Personal 1ncome fax Audit Changes 
Manhattan District Office 
Jurisdiction(s): New York State New York City 
Resident Status: 
Resident 
Resident 
Fiting Status: 1 - Single 
Date Issued: 03/01/96 
Case Number: X-555616246 2 
F.R.N.: 47980540 
S.S.N.: 090.44.3348 4 
S.S.N.: 
• • 
Tax Period: 1992 
New York 
New York 
City of 
total 
State 
City 
Tankers 
Liability 
Corrected Texable Ineens or Bast 
Recomputed Fox Liebility 
16,430,645.50 vil: 16,430,645.50 
1,293,913.33 15" 
732,549.79 ét 
Credits Against Tax 
N.T.S. Resident Credit (iT•112R) 
(0) 
35,945.00 W." 
Total Credits Against Tax 
Other Taxas or Disaltowed Credits 
Total Additional Tims or Ofsallowed Credits 
Corrected tax liabitity 
35,945.00 V 
0.00 
1,257,968.33 W 
732,549.79 Dr 
( k) 
47'44; 
VI ar'
amail 
TV» 
3,4/ t 11/ 
EFTA00727502

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727503.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727503.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear 
My client, Jeffrey Epstein, is and has been a full-time resident of the Virgin 
Islands for over 10 years. His business, Financial Trust Company, Inc., located at Red 
Hook Quarter, has been an outstanding and active member of the Virgin Islands 
community. Through his business and his residence on Little St. James, Mr. Epstein has 
employed, on average, over 60 people per year. On June 30, 2008, Mr. Epstein agreed to 
plead guilty in Florida state court to two non-violent felony counts relating to 
prostitution. He received an 18-month incarcerative sentence to be followed by one year 
of supervision. As per the requirements of the Interstate Compact, Mr. Epstein resided in 
the Virgin Islands the entire year before his sentence. As both his legal residence and 
place of employment are the Virgin Islands, I write to request your assistance in the 
expedited transfer of Mr. Epstein's supervision from the State of Florida to the Virgin 
Islands. 
In connection with his plea, Mr. Epstein also agreed to one year of enhanced 
probation, i.e., "community control", following his incarceration. As you are probably 
aware, under the laws of the State of Florida, a "community control" sentence is an 
enhanced form of probation, where the offender may be subject to weekend and holiday 
supervision in addition to the normal restrictions. As an additional condition to the 
ordinary probation, Mr. Epstein is required to meet with his probation officer at least 
once a week, as opposed to once a month, and is also subject to a list of additional 
restrictions. Please see the attached for the list of additional restrictions. As you will 
note, Mr. Epstein is required, at least under Florida law, to register as a sex offender. His 
state charge was a non-violent sex offense, i.e., procuring a minor for prostitution. We 
recognize that Virgin Islands law would govern as to Mr. Epstein's registration 
requirements. 
As the Interstate Compact Administrator, we request that you approve Mr. 
Epstein's transfer request. We have been in contact with Mr. Lane, the Interstate 
Compact coordinator for the State of Florida, who has suggested that we receive an 
acceptance from you, so that he may begin the transfer process. Mr. Lane acknowledged 
that there is precedent for the transfer of a "community control" sentence, and has 
suggested a procedure to effectuate such a transfer. 
As previously mentioned, the Virgin Islands is Mr. Epstein's home. Since Mr. 
Epstein set down his roots here over 10 years ago, he has given generously of his time 
and resources, donating countless hours and millions of dollars for local scholarships, 
educational and social programs and other worthy philanthropic endeavors. Mr. Epstein 
and his business, Financial Trust Company, Inc., currently employ more than 50 people 
in the Virgin Islands. The company strongly encourages employees to participate in 
professional and personal development programs at the company's expense and provides 
tuition assistance to foster the educational development of the family members of its 
employees. Mr. Epstein, himself, frequently provides aid and support to his employees in 
times of financial emergency or personal crisis. Substantial pressing demands of Mr. 
EFTA00727503
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein's Virgin Islands based business and the continued financial wellbeing of its 
employees, as well as Mr. Epstein's other employees, make it imperative that Mr. Epstein 
resume work on St. Thomas as soon as possible. 
Mr. Epstein's supervision is to begin on July 22, 2009. We hope to initiate the 
transfer process as soon as possible in order to ensure that there is sufficient time for the 
transfer to take place in the ordinary course. Accordingly, we respectfully request your 
assistance with a confirmatory letter at your earliest convenience. 
Thank you for your attention. 
Respectfully, 
EFTA00727504

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727505.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727505.pdf
----------------------------------------
I am in receipt of your letter dated June 15. I am sorry to read it as I sense your 
frustration with the entire matter, however, I write to try to set the record straight. 
Your letter is filled with misstated facts , miscahreceratizaions, and 
misrepresentations . in many instance that directly contradicts the written record, 
IN each instance where you have suggested a breach in the past I have attached ,the 
releveant correspondence or documents, that clearly refute some of your 
statements. I would remind you that mr Epstein has almost completed his couty jail 
sentence. Of 18 months. A sentence of incarceration that he took only as a result of 
your deferring prosecution. He plead guilty to a registrable offense as your required 
and has already registered as a sex offendfer. He has paid over 10k thousand dollars 
in fees to the attoruny reperesnt ive and have paid out 150 thoussand dollars in 
settlements to victims on your lislt„ in one case to someone , he had no recolecction 
of meeting, and who was not challeneged to provide any evience to test the veracity 
of her claim. 
To begin you suggest that Mr Epstein did not use hid best efforts to enter his guilty 
plea, as I am sure you reember this was done with the personal consent of alex 
accost the us attorney, whose e mail to that regard is attached. The nine month delay 
was dictated by the justie depatanets time frame. When in late June, when the last 
appeal was exhausted , we had only one week to plead,. We sent the state plea to 
you , as soon as we received it. It had only been prepared by the state the day 
before. When you sent your first notice, you may have forgotten, that jack 
Goldberger and you had agreed „in fact that the language was correct. And only at 
your insistince did you want tl insert the word jail sentence, this was done , and the 
state plea agreement was drafted by the state prosecutor not Mr epstiens attorneys. 
So I find your claim of breach inaccurate. 
2. you then clai that mr Epstein attorney obstructed your ability to notify victims s. 
we took issue with your procedure but that was reflected in coorespondence from 
months before. (JACK WE Need of provide letters compling about the victim 
noifaction procedure. JAY). 
3. If you recall you presented my Goldberger and tein with a fete comple, they at the 
time eithr approved or disapproved .. corresondence attached. 
4. as soon as the operative provision for attny rep was confirmed, if you recall you 
suggested that mr acostas paragraph , re as if convicted no more no less was the 
operative languge. As soon as it was agreed that the attorney rep was now the way 
to go, we immediately contacted mr jos bur who had conversatonwws with both mr 
black and mr lefcourt. I reiterate , that he has been paid over 160 I k thousand 
dollars to date, for only two cases that settled. Each for 50 thousand dollars. And has 
billed and addtionla 230k which we have decided to have a third party resolve. 
5. with regard the outstanding motion to quash , you are 100% right, and it was an 
administarvie oversight, that was cleared up , when we were notified that it had not 
been done previously. ( Mr Epstein was alreadly incarcerated, and played no role 
whatsoever in that oversight )> 
6. in novermber if you recall mr black met with you Karen Atkinson bob senor and 
Jeff sloman in Miami , and reviewed the work release issue. We presented you with 
your own e amil that acknowledged the sheriffs discretion in the matter. WE were 
EFTA00727505
--- PAGE 2 ---
under no pbligation to notify you, and as you had had previous contact with the 
office over the exact matter at hand. As to your requirments and obligation s to your 
victims , the state was never given their names, and to the best of our knowledge it 
was there obligation not ours in any way to notify you. ( e mail attached ) the sheriff 
reviewed his documents . and found no problems.. your allegation that Mr Epstein 
made threaeting stateents to the sheriffs office. Is just not true. We can document 
this , if you so prefer. There was nothing out of the oridinary , he was treated like 
any other inmate, and if any different at all , it was he was kept in jail longer than he 
would would have otherwise been. 
7. I am surprised to see you once again suugest that the judges order correcting her 
clearks scrivner error, as somehow an Epstein didrected breach. We had nothing to 
do with this whatsoever. The non prescutin agreement called for community control 
and the plea agreement called for community control 1. In advertantly the clerk, 
checked the wrong box, the plea agreement was always clear. It was nothing more 
that a clearks error, to suggst otherwise, can only be as a result of the lack of the 
actual facts. To suggest that by askin g the clerk to change the error to the right bax 
is a meaningless cure, makes little sense. 
8. mr Epstein does not work at his attorneys office. I believe we have corrected you 
on that fact more than onve.. 9. 
We have sent you a separate letter that describeds the motion to dismss. A 
document that we can review together. This document was never signed off on by 
mr epstinbut was in fact vetted by many of his coucsel, It waw s drafted by myself 
and the Kirkland and elllis team. WE took the lead as there would be we thought no 
better firm to do so as we had negotiated the agreement with you. As I mentioned 
on the phone , the waiver that mr Epstein agreed to was not triggered due to an 
incompet filing in jane de 101. We only waive liality , when there is a waiver of all 
other state and common law claims . in addtion we were asking the court, to opine 
on the applicability of the statute to this particular women. 
9. you suggest that mr esptein is working on nothing but his litiagation but that is 
also not true. 
10. mr Epstein , who has almost completed hi s incarecetaive sentecen , and as 
registered as a sex offender hs already been predgjcided.. he would have never 
plead guilty to a registrable offeenc e . or as you recall the statue to which he was 
indicted carried no jail time . 3 of your vicims have already been compensated, and 
we have been in negoatioation to settle more cases. 
The pattern of behavior that you refer to , as you can see from the above , shows no 
willful breach, at all. Many misunderstanding , confirmed by the attachments, and 
we would hope that we could have the oppottunity forastall 1 any future 
misundetaings by being able to present to you before filing anything we think you 
might find as a breachj. 
EFTA00727506

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727507.pdf
----------------------------------------
I am in receipt of your letter dated June 15. I am-sorry-te-read-it-as-1-sense-year 
frustratien-with-the-entire-matterrhoweverrl-wfite-respond  to try to set the record 
straight. Your letter is filled-with-tnisstated-faetsr aiseahreseratiaaionsrand 
inisr-epresentatie
any-instanee-that-directly contradicted in many cases bys 
the written records As to each and every allegation that Mr Epstein has "breached" 
his obligations under the NPA IN-eaeh-instanee-whereyetehave-suggested-a-breaeh 
in-the-past I have attached Fthe-releveant correspondence or documents; that clearly 
refute some of your statements the merits of each allegation. In addition it is 
important to place these allegations in context:  would-r-ernind-you-that-Mmr 
Epstein has almost completed his county jail sentence - a sentence imposed as a 
direct result of the NPA. he has: OF-143-menthsrA-sentenee-ef-ineareeratimi-that-lie 
teek-only-as-a-resu
esec-ation,14e-plead guilty to a registrable 
offense as your required - a plea that was not otherwise required by the State 
Attorney other than as a condition of the NPA -  and has already registered as a sex 
offend€erg: He has paid over $100.00010k thousand dollars in fees to the attorney 
representative and agreed to submit issues regarding substantial further fees to a 
Special Master - a procedure proposed by the attorney representative - any 
reperesat-ive and have paid over $150.000at 440-thoussand-dollars in settlements 
to victims on your lislt„ in one case to someone, he had no recollecetion of meeting, 
and whe-who was paid a statutory minimum settlement only because she appeared 
on your list was-ne-t-shalleneged-to-provide-any-evienee-te4est-the-veraeity-of-her 
elann: 
To begin you suggest that Mr Epstein did not use hisd best efforts to enter his guilty 
plea in a prompt fashion (DETAIL HER ALLEGATION).  as I am sure The deferral of 
,estate plea however was made with the express consent of the United States 
Attorney himself. His email is attached. The subsequent 9 month "delay" was as a 
result of the Department of Justice's having convened an intense and time 
consuming review of the charge decision. yoti-r-eernner-this-was-tlone-wit-14-the 
personal consent of alex-accost the us attorney, whose email to that regard is 
attached. Thi.e. the e nine month delay was dictated not by Mr Epstein but instead 
by the review process which evolved on a time frame set by the Department of 
Justice. by-the-jastie-depatanets-tane-fr-atner When in late Dune of
 when-the 
last appeal was exhausted Mr Epstein plead guilty. without delay. in the state in 
conformity with a date set by Acting United States Attorney Sloman. see email 
ATTACHED. Surely nothing about these events could reasonably support a finding 
of "willful" breach by Mr Epstein 
we You alleged as a second "breach" a delay in Mr Epstein's providing you. through 
counsel. with the state plea agreement as required by the NPA. The state plea 
agreement. however. was sent to you upon its receipt from the State. i.e. had-only 
one-week-to-pleadr  wWe sent the state plea to you , as soon as we received it. It had 
only been prepared by the Sstate Attorney the day before. DOCUMENT THIS. The 
State Attorney not Mr Epstein's state lawyers drafted the plea agreement and 
EFTA00727507
--- PAGE 2 ---
following discussion with you. you and Mr Goldberger both agreed that the language 
as drafted by the State Attorney was in conformity with the NPA. JAY AND JACK 
NEED TO MAKE SURE OF THESE FACTS -I AM UNAWARE OF THE DETAILS FOR 
REBUTTAL -  Again, any language changes resulting from your communications with 
Mr Goldberger simply cannot be attributed to Mr Epstein and do not in any way 
constitute a "willful" breach by Mr Epstein of the NPA 
agr-eement-was-dr-afted-by-the-state-pr-eseeuter-net-Mr-epstiens-atter-neysnSe44n4 
your-eleitn-eibFeeell4fiaesufate: 
2. NEED JAY AND JACK TO REBUT NOTIFICATION COMPLAINTyou then clai that 
mr Epstein attorney obstructed your ability to notify victims s. we took issue with 
your procedure but that was reflected in coorespondence from months before. 
(JACK WE Need of provide letters compling about the victim noifaction procedure. 
JAY). 
3. If you recall you presented my Goldberger and tein with a fete comple, they at the 
time eithr approved or disapproved .. corresondence attached. 
4. NEED JAY TO REBUT ATTY REP COMPLAINT as soon as the operative provision 
for attny rep was confirmed, if you recall you suggested that mr acostas paragraph , 
re as if convicted no more no less was the operative languge. As soon as it was 
agreed that the attorney rep was now the way to go, we immediately contacted mr 
jos bur who had conversatonwws with both mr black and mr lefcourt. I reiterate , 
that he has been paid over 160 I k thousand dollars to date, for only two cases that 
settled. Each for 50 thousand dollars. And has billed and addtionla 230k which we 
have decided to have a third party resolve. 
5. Wwith regard to your complaint about the pendency of anl►e outstanding motion 
to quash , you are 4.00%-right, }stand it was an administrative  an4e-oversight,_one 
that was immediately remedied upon notice. one that did not prejudice the 
Government. one that gave Mr Epstein no strategic or practical advantage. one that 
remained pending because of lawyer oversight. not client mendacity.  and one that 
occurred clearly under the "radar" of Mr Epstein who was incarcerated and played 
absolutely no role - and had no prior notice - of the existence of an unwithdrawn 
motion to quash. Clearly. this oversight. more my fault than anyone's. cannot 
support and should not support any further sanction 
t-hat-was-c4ear-e€1-upwhen-we-wer-e-netified-t-hat-it4ad-net-been-islene-pr-eWeuslyr( 
oversight J>
6. As for the work release issue.  in novermber of 2008 if-yekt-resall-mr black met 
with you Karen Atkinson bob senor and jeff sloman in Miami , and reviewed the 
work release issue. We presented you with your own e amil that acknowledged the 
sheriff had s discretion in the matter. Mr Acosta had previously assured me and 
other counsel that the United States Attorney would not interfere in the ordinary 
implementation of discretionary administrative decisions by state or county 
officials.  WE were under no Qpbligation found in the NPA or in any other agreement 
to notify you of such discretionary and ordinary state decision-making, and, indeed. 
EFTA00727508
--- PAGE 3 ---
as you had thellad same notice of the Sheriffs decision as we did. FN THIS - pr-evieus 
eentaet-with-the-effree-ever-the-exaet-matter-at-handrAs to your requirments and 
obligation s to your victims , the state was never given their names, and to the best 
of our knowledge it was there obligation not ours in any way to notify you. ( e mail 
attached ) the sheriff reviewed his documents . and found no problems.. Yyour 
allegation that Mr Epstein made threaeting stateents to the sheriffs office is neither 
blown to his counsel nor true . Is-just-net-truerWe-ean-deeument-thist ifyou-se 
preferJACK - DOCUMENT REBUTTAL IF WE CAN - IT'S A MATTER OF CREDIBILITY 
OF JE  . There was nothing out of the oridinary , he was treated like any other inmate, 
and if any different at all, it was he was kept in jail longer than he would would have 
otherwise been. 
7. JACK TAKE CHARGE REBUTTING THIS COMPLAINT WITH DOCUMENTS AND 
DETAIL AND DATES  I am surprised to see you once again suugest that the judges 
order correcting her clearks scrivner error, as somehow an Epstein didrected 
breach. We had nothing to do with this whatsoever. The non prescutin agreement 
called for community control and the plea agreement called for community control 
1. In advertantly the clerk, checked the wrong box, the plea agreement was always 
clear. It was nothing more that a clearks error, to suggst otherwise, can only be as a 
result of the lack of the actual facts. To suggest that by asking the clerk to change 
the error to the right bax is a meaningless cure, makes little sense. 
8. SET FORTH THE COMPLAINT AND THEN THE REBUTTAL WITH DOC PROOF mr 
Epstein does not work at his attorneys office. I believe we have corrected you on 
that fact more than onve.. 9. 
We have sent you a separate letter that describeds the motion to dismss. A 
document that we can review together. This document was never signed off on by 
mr epstin i.e. he never gave his prior approval to the filing nor was he advised 
before the filing that there was any issues of its conflicting with the NPA. To the 
contrary. the motion was but-was-in-faet-vetted-liy-many-ef-his-eetteselrit-vaw-s 
drafted by myself and the Kirkland and Eelllis team. WE took the lead as there 
would be we thought no better firm to do so as we had negotiated the agreement 
with you. As I mentioned on the phone ;NPA PAR 8 STATES THE FOLLOWING: " 
QUOTE TWIN CONDITIONS QUALIFYING PLAINTIFF FOR ANY WAIVERS UNDER 
NPA. Although lane Doe 101 stated, through counsel. that her lawsuit was 
exclusively under 2255. neither she nor her counsel. the attorney representative i.e. 
an attorney in possession of the NPA ever made the additional representations in a 
pleading, affidavit, or letter that his client had relinquished her rights to file future 
lawsuits (eg through other counsel) on any otherfederal. state or common law 
grounds. The words of paragraph 8 clearly require such a waiver otherwise why 
would the language after "and" be included. I recall, in fact, that they were drafted 
by you (and at least adopted by you). lane Doe lels lawsuit absent such waivers 
gave her no rights under the NPA and thus Kirkland and Ellis believes today that the 
Motion to Dismiss was well grounded.  It was withdrawn at the insistence of Mr 
Epstein who prioritizes his desire to avoid contentious additional litigation with the 
USAO over whatever civil litigation advantages he got derive from the filing.  the 
weiver-thet-mr-Epeteie-agreeel-te-was-net-tpiggereel-elee-te-afrineempe
ne 
EFTA00727509
--- PAGE 4 ---
FN OR OMIT  lin addtion we believed were asking the court, to opine 
on the applicability of the statute to this particular women and not negating any 
waiver of liability under the NM. 
Mg. you suggest that mr esptein is working on nothing but his litiagation but that is 
also not true. 
10. mr Epstein , who has almost completed hi s incarecetaive sentecen , and as 
registered as a sex offender hs already been predgjcided.. he would have never 
plead guilty to a registrable offeenc e . or as you recall the statue to which he was 
indicted carried no jail time . 3 of your vicims have already been compensated, and 
we have been in negoatioation to settle more cases. 
The pattern of behavior that you refer to , as you can see from the above , shows no 
willful breach, at all. Many misunderstanding confirmed by the attachments, and 
we would hope that we could have the oppottunity forastall 1 any future 
misundetaings by being able to present to you before filing anything we think you 
might find as a breachj. 
EFTA00727510

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727511.pdf
----------------------------------------
I am in receipt of your letter dated June 15. I am sorry to read it as I sense your 
frustration with the entire matter, however, I write to try to set the record straight. 
Your letter is filled with misstated facts , miscahreceratizaions, and 
misrepresentations . in many instance that directly contradicts the written record, 
IN each instance where you have suggested a breach in the past I have attached ,the 
releveant correspondence or documents, that clearly refute some of your 
statements. I would remind you that mr Epstein has almost completed his couty jail 
sentence. Of 18 months. A sentence of incarceration that he took only as a result of 
your deferring prosecution. He plead guilty to a registrable offense as your required 
and has already registered as a sex offendfer. He has paid over 10k thousand dollars 
in fees to the attoruny reperesnt ive and have paid out 150 thoussand dollars in 
settlements to victims on your lislt„ in one case to someone , he had no recolecction 
of meeting, and who was not challeneged to provide any evience to test the veracity 
of her claim. 
To begin you suggest that Mr Epstein did not use hid best efforts to enter his guilty 
plea, as I am sure you reember this was done with the personal consent of alex 
accost the us attorney, whose e mail to that regard is attached. The nine month delay 
was dictated by the justie depatanets time frame. When in late June, when the last 
appeal was exhausted , we had only one week to plead,. We sent the state plea to 
you , as soon as we received it. It had only been prepared by the state the day 
before. When you sent your first notice, you may have forgotten, that jack 
Goldberger and you had agreed „in fact that the language was correct. And only at 
your insistince did you want tl insert the word jail sentence, this was done , and the 
state plea agreement was drafted by the state prosecutor not Mr epstiens attorneys. 
So I find your claim of breach inaccurate. 
2. you then clai that mr Epstein attorney obstructed your ability to notify victims s. 
we took issue with your procedure but that was reflected in coorespondence from 
months before. (JACK WE Need of provide letters compling about the victim 
noifaction procedure. JAY). 
3. If you recall you presented my Goldberger and tein with a fete comple, they at the 
time eithr approved or disapproved .. corresondence attached. 
4. as soon as the operative provision for attny rep was confirmed, if you recall you 
suggested that mr acostas paragraph , re as if convicted no more no less was the 
operative languge. As soon as it was agreed that the attorney rep was now the way 
to go, we immediately contacted mr jos bur who had conversatonwws with both mr 
black and mr lefcourt. I reiterate , that he has been paid over 160 I k thousand 
dollars to date, for only two cases that settled. Each for 50 thousand dollars. And has 
billed and addtionla 230k which we have decided to have a third party resolve. 
5. with regard the outstanding motion to quash , you are 100% right, and it was an 
administarvie oversight, that was cleared up , when we were notified that it had not 
been done previously. ( Mr Epstein was alreadly incarcerated, and played no role 
whatsoever in that oversight )> 
6. in novermber if you recall mr black met with you Karen Atkinson bob senor and 
Jeff sloman in Miami , and reviewed the work release issue. We presented you with 
your own e amil that acknowledged the sheriffs discretion in the matter. WE were 
EFTA00727511
--- PAGE 2 ---
under no pbligation to notify you, and as you had had previous contact with the 
office over the exact matter at hand. As to your requirments and obligation s to your 
victims , the state was never given their names, and to the best of our knowledge it 
was there obligation not ours in any way to notify you. ( e mail attached ) the sheriff 
reviewed his documents . and found no problems.. your allegation that Mr Epstein 
made threaeting stateents to the sheriffs office. Is just not true. We can document 
this , if you so prefer. There was nothing out of the oridinary , he was treated like 
any other inmate, and if any different at all , it was he was kept in jail longer than he 
would would have otherwise been. 
7. I am surprised to see you once again suugest that the judges order correcting her 
clearks scrivner error, as somehow an Epstein didrected breach. We had nothing to 
do with this whatsoever. The non prescutin agreement called for community control 
and the plea agreement called for community control 1. In advertantly the clerk, 
checked the wrong box, the plea agreement was always clear. It was nothing more 
that a clearks error, to suggst otherwise, can only be as a result of the lack of the 
actual facts. To suggest that by askin g the clerk to change the error to the right bax 
is a meaningless cure, makes little sense. 
8. mr Epstein does not work at his attorneys office. I believe we have corrected you 
on that fact more than onve.. 9. 
We have sent you a separate letter that describeds the motion to dismss. A 
document that we can review together. This document was never signed off on by 
mr epstinbut was in fact vetted by many of his coucsel, It waw s drafted by myself 
and the Kirkland and elllis team. WE took the lead as there would be we thought no 
better firm to do so as we had negotiated the agreement with you. As I mentioned 
on the phone , the waiver that mr Epstein agreed to was not triggered due to an 
incompet filing in jane de 101. We only waive liality , when there is a waiver of all 
other state and common law claims . in addtion we were asking the court, to opine 
on the applicability of the statute to this particular women. 
9. you suggest that mr esptein is working on nothing but his litiagation but that is 
also not true. 
10. mr Epstein , who has almost completed hi s incarecetaive sentecen , and as 
registered as a sex offender hs already been predgjcided.. he would have never 
plead guilty to a registrable offeenc e . or as you recall the statue to which he was 
indicted carried no jail time . 3 of your vicims have already been compensated, and 
we have been in negoatioation to settle more cases. 
The pattern of behavior that you refer to , as you can see from the above , shows no 
willful breach, at all. Many misunderstanding , confirmed by the attachments, and 
we would hope that we could have the oppottunity forastall 1 any future 
misundetaings by being able to present to you before filing anything we think you 
might find as a breachj. 
EFTA00727512

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727513.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727513.pdf
----------------------------------------
1:30 PM 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
01/27/10 
Accrual Basis 
Type 
Date 
10000 • Bank 
10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
Num 
Account QuickReport 
As of January 27. 2010 
Name 
Memo 
Split 
Amount 
Balance 
99.831.83 
99.831.83 
Deposit 
113/2010 
Deposit 
14006 • Financi... 
1,000,000.00 
1.099.831.83 
Check 
/15/2010 
Direct 
Chase Visa NES 
25021 • Chase ... 
-55,565.28 
1.044.266.55 
Check 
/15/2010 
Direct 
25020 
-1,715.23 
1.042.551.32 
Check 
/15/2010 
Wire 
12278 
-10.000.00 
1.032.551.32 
Check 
/19/2010 
Direct 
Chase Credit Card LSJ 
14016 LSJ..... 
-71.522.30 
961.029.02 
Check 
/19/2010 
Wire 
Jeffrey Epstein 
10001 PI3 Ho... 
-20.000.00 
941.029.02 
Check 
/19/2010 
Wire 
LSJ. Lie 
14016 LSJ..... 
-10.000.00 
931.029.02 
Check 
/19/2010 
Wire 
Bruce E Reithart. PA 
50404 Legal 
-20.000.00 
911.029.02 
Check 
119/2010 
Wire 
LSJ. Lie 
14016 • LSJ..... 
-350.000.00 
561.029.02 
Check 
119/2010 
Wire 
LSJ. Lie 
14016 • LSJ..... 
-50.000.00 
511.029.02 
Check 
119/2010 
Wire 
Lafayette Contractor... 
14061 • Lafayet... 
-50.000.00 
461.029.02 
Check 
119/2010 
Wire 
NES. LLC 
14014 • NES. L.. 
-50.000.00 
411.029.02 
Check 
119/2010 
Wire 
Zorro Development ... 
12504 • Zorro 
-50.000.00 
361.029.02 
Check 
/20/2010 
Wire 
Reeder 8 Reeder P.... 
Jeffrey Epstei... 
50404 • Legal 
-37.414.94 
323.614.08 
Check 
/20/2010 
Direct 
American Express 37... 
Account # 372... 
25006 . Amex 3... 
-33.453.81 
290.160.27 
Check 
/20/2010 
Direct 
Chase Gold Master... 
25014 • Chase ... 
-5.322.66 
284.837.61 
Check 
/22/2010 
Wire 
Cabinet Experton SP... 
1900 Euros 
50404 • Legal 
-2.732.01 
282.105.60 
Check 
/25/2010 
Wire 
Rio Markle. Inc. 
14016 • LSJ..... 
-150.030.00 
132.075.60 
Check 
/26/2010 
Wire 
Valdson Vieira Cotrin 
Euro 2307.69 
63010 • Payrol 
-3324.23 
128.75137 
Check 
/27/2010 
Wire 
NES. LLC 
14014 NES. L... 
-100.000.00 
28.75137 
Total 10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
-71.080.46 
28.75137 
Total 10000 • Bank 
-71,080.46 
28.75137 
TOTAL 
-71,080.46 
28,751.37 
Page 1 
EFTA00727513

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727514.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727514.pdf
----------------------------------------
11:49 AM 
02/16/10 
Accrual Basis 
Type 
Date 
10000. Bank 
10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
Check 
1/27/2010 
Deposit 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Deposit 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
Check 
1/27/2010 
1/28/2010 
1/28/2010 
1128:2010 
1128:2010 
1128:2010 
1128:2010 
1128:2010 
1128:2010 
1/28/2010 
1/31,2010 
1/31,2010 
2//2010 
2//2010 
2/2/2010 
2/2/2010 
2/2/2010 
2/2/2010 
2/2/2010 
2+312010 
2+312010 
2+912010 
2+912010 
2+912010 
2+912010 
2+912010 
2+912010 
2+912010 
2+912010 
2/0/2010 
2/0/2010 
2/0/2010 
2/0/2010 
2/0/2010 
2/0/2010 
2/ 2/2010 
2/ 2/2010 
2/ 2/2010 
2/ 2/2010 
2/612010 
2/612010 
Total 10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
Total 10000 • Bank 
TOTAL 
Num 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
TRFR 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Direct 
Direct 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of February 28, 2010 
Name 
NES. LLC 
Plant Dynamics. Inc. 
Adam P. Cook 
Stephen Caplinger 
Scott Graf 
Absolute Hardwood ... 
Bluestone Services ... 
Ismail Unerli 
A&I... 
Arthur Gensler. Jr 
American Express ... 
Custom Lighting of ... 
American Export Co... 
DMPG. Inc. 
Sunbowt 
Bonneville Contracti... 
Scott Graf 
Stephen Augusta 
non Air 
Zorro Development ... 
Calypso Realty. P.C... 
Jeffrey Epstein 
American Export Co... 
Bluestone Services ... 
Bonneville Contracti... 
Adam P. Cook 
American Express 3... 
American Express 3... 
Burman. Cri0on. Lut... 
Law Office of W. Tr... 
Atterbury, Goldberg... 
Charles D. Barnett. ... 
Wides Builders. LLC 
Brian Mosel
__..... _._e and ... 
Scott Graf 
Adam Bly 
Cabinet Expenon S... 
Memo 
Split 
Amount 
14014 • NES.... 
-100.000.00 
Deposit 
14006 • Financ... 
1.000.000.00 
Inv # 704. 70... 
15005 • Lands... 
-1.350.76 
14016 • LS.J 
-838.00 
14016 • LS.J 
-788.96 
1114110. 1/15... 
14016 • LS.J 
-1.800.00 
14016 • LS.J 
-21.060.00 
14016 • LS.J 
-7.496.83 
14016 • LS.J 
-1.560.00 
14016 • LS.J 
-867.75 
25008 • Amex   
-37.496.84 
Service Charge 
50350 • Bank   
-25.00 
Interest 
41010 • JP Mo  
38.29 
inv # 12810 
15005 • Lands  
-450.00 
LSJ inv # R1... 
14016 • LS.J 
-7.648.10 
Invoice #9 
14016 • LS.J 
-534.83 
My dated 02-... 
14016 • LS.J 
-5.290.00 
14016 • LS.J 
-1.476.18 
1/14110 . 2/01... 
14016 • LS.J 
-2.200.00 
14016 • LS.J 
-9.205.00 
50206 • Hyperi  
-50.000.00 
Rent 
50080 • Gifts 
-4.000.00 
50080 • Gifts 
-10.000.00 
12504 • Zorro 
-75.000.00 
February 20... 
14061 • Lafaye  
-3.963.12 
10012 • JP Mo  
-50.000.00 
LSJ inv # R1... 
14016 • LS.J 
-1.358.72 
14016 • LS.J 
-10.716.00 
14016 • LS.J 
-3.700.00 
14016 • LS.J 
-4.091.20 
Account # 37... 
25006 • Amex   
-118.851.86 
25016 • Amex   
-5.318.92 
50404 • Legal 
-127.694.60 
14075 • Other 
-400.00 
61071 • Security 
-50.000.00 
14075 • Other 
-50.000.00 
14016 • LS.J 
-621.32 
Inv 8689 
14016 • LS.J 
-946.90 
50080 • Gifts 
-750.00 
2112/10 invoi... 
14016 • LS.J 
-1.400.00 
12293 • Adam   
-300.000.00 
1600 EUR 
50404 • Legal 
-2.303.20 
-71.165.80 
-71.165.80 
-71,165.80 
Page 1 
EFTA00727514
--- PAGE 2 ---
11:49 AM 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
02/16/10 
Accrual Basis 
Balance 
116.481.01 
116.481.01 
16.481.01 
1.016.481.01 
1.015.130.25 
1.014.292.25 
1.013.503.29 
1.011.703.29 
99O643.29 
981146.46 
981.586.46 
980.718.71 
941221.87 
943.196.87 
941235.16 
942.785.16 
935.137.06 
934.602.23 
920312.23 
927.836.05 
925.636.05 
916.431.05 
866.431.05 
862.431.05 
852.431.05 
777.431.05 
771467.93 
721467.93 
722.109.21 
711.393.21 
707.693.21 
701602.01 
584.750.15 
579.431.23 
451.736.63 
451.336.63 
401.336.63 
351.336.63 
350.715.31 
349.768.41 
349.018.41 
347.618.41 
47.618.41 
45.315.21 
45.315.21 
45.315.21 
45,315.21 
Account QuickReport 
As of February 28, 2010 
Page 2 
EFTA00727515

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727516.pdf
----------------------------------------
12:41 PM 
10/27/10 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
Accrual Basis 
Type 
Date 
Num 
As of October 26, 2010 
Name 
Memo 
Split 
Amount 
Balance 
55,325.93 
10000 • Bank 
10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
55,325.93 
Check 
10/14/2010 
Wire 
Walter Nunes 
2370 UK Pou... 
50204 • Lodgi 
-3,840.15 
51.485.78 
Check 
10/14/2010 
Wire 
Ryan Dianne 
inv 209 
14014 • NES,  
-6,250.00 
45,235.78 
Check 
10/14/2010 
Wire 
Fowler White Flume... 
LAS 80743 
50404 • Legal 
-75,000.00 
-29,764.22 
Check 
10/14/2010 
Wire 
Lafayette Contract° .. 
funding 
14061 • Lafay 
-50,000.00 
-79.764.22 
Check 
10/14/2010 
Wire 
Scott Graf 
10/8 and 10/11 
14016. L.S.J 
-2,200.00 
-81,964.22 
Check 
10/14/2010 
Wire 
International Freight... 
inv 1074 and . . 
14014 • NES•  
-1,295.00 
-83.259.22 
Deposit 
10/14/2010 
Deposit 
14006 • Phan 
1,000,000.00 
916,740.78 
Check 
10/15/2010 
Direct 
American Express 
Account # 37... 
25006 • Amex  
-135,900.77 
780,840.01 
Check 
10/15/2010 
Wire 
Tom Hoch Interior ... 
14016 • L.S.J 
-49,500.00 
731,340.01 
Check 
10/15/2010 
Wire 
Pro Concrete Pump... 
invoice #1010 
14016. L.S.J 
-750.00 
730.590.01 
Check 
10/15/2010 
Wire 
American Export Co... 
LSJ inv I R1... 
14016 • L.S.J 
-3,980.25 
726,609.76 
Check 
10/15/2010 
Wire 
Atlanta Refrigeratio... 
14016. L.S.J 
-3,283.70 
723.326.06 
Check 
10/15/2010 
Wire 
Big Bear Constructi... 
14016 • L.S.J 
-54,392.25 
668,933.81 
Check 
10/18/2010 
Direct 
Chase Credit Card ... 
14016 • L.S.J 
-33.198.64 
635.735.17 
Check 
10/18/2010 
Direct 
Chase Visa NES 
25021 • Chase 
-58,130.38 
577,604.79 
Check 
10/18/2010 
Direct 
Chase Visa JEGE 
25020 • Chase 
-937.11 
576,667.68 
Deposit 
10118/2010 
Deposit 
-SPLIT- 
5,000.00 
581,667.68 
Check 
10/20/2010 
Wire 
Walter Nunes 
275 UK Poun... 
50204 • Lodgi 
-444.67 
581,223.01 
Check 
10/20/2010 
Wire 
NES, LLC 
14014 • NES 
-100,000.00 
481,223.01 
Check 
10/20/2010 
Wire 
Jeffrey Epstein 
10012 • JP Mo 
-50,000.00 
431,223.01 
Check 
10/20/2010 
Wire 
Michael Keesting 
50080 • Gifts 
-10,000.00 
421,223.01 
Check 
10/20/2010 
Wire 
World Economic Fo... 
46000 • Consu 
-3.500.00 
417,723.01 
Check 
10/20/2010 
Wire 
LLC 
14016 . L.S.J., 
-5,000.00 
412,723.01 
Check 
10/20/2010 
Wire 
American Export Co... 
LSJ inv I R1.. 
14016 • L.S.J 
-429.16 
412.293.85 
Check 
10/20/2010 
Wire 
Michael J. Glidden I... 
14016 • L.S.J 
-24,105.00 
388,188.85 
Check 
10/20/2010 
Wire 
Atlanta Refrigeratio... 
14016 • L.S.J 
-1,480.00 
386.708.85 
Check 
10/20/2010 
Wire 
Ocean Dynamics U... 
14016 • L.S.J 
-2,289.53 
384,419.32 
Deposit 
10/22/2010 
Deposit 
12297 • Clear  
5,000.00 
389,419.32 
Check 
10/23/2010 
Direct 
American Express ... 
25011 • Amex  
-85,394.21 
304,025.11 
Check 
10/25/2010 
Wire 
Valdson Vieira Cotrin 
Euro 2307.69 
63010 • Payrol 
-3,276.28 
300.748.83 
Check 
10/25/2010 
Wire 
Scott Graf 
1022 and 10/25 
14016 • L.S.J., 
-3,200.00 
297,548.83 
Check 
10/25/2010 
Wire 
William R. Nash V I... 
LSJ inv # 10-... 
14016. L.S.J., 
-12,338.83 
285,210.00 
Check 
10/25/2010 
Wire 
Michael J. Glidden I... 
14016 • L.S.J 
-5,737.50 
279,472.50 
Check 
10/25/2010 
Wire 
Stephen Auguste 
14016 • L.S.J 
-7,350.00 
272,122.50 
Check 
10/25/2010 
Wire 
Abbott & Lineham 
LSJ Mechani. . 
14016 • L.S.J 
-22,610.00 
249,512.50 
Check 
10/25/2010 
Wire 
Publicislive 
50380 • Consu 
-1,088.94 
248.423.56 
Deposit 
10/26/2010 
Deposit 
41097 • Adam  
18,000.00 
266,423.56 
Check 
10/26/2010 
Wire 
Ismail Unerll c/o At.. 
14016 • L.S.J 
-3,406.00 
263.017.56 
Check 
10/26/2010 
Wire 
Dennis Boone 
14016. L.S.J., 
-4,500.00 
258.517.56 
Check 
10/26/2010 
Wire 
Midcoast Aviaion Inc 
14016. L.S.J 
-43,947.50 
214.570.06 
Check 
10/26/2010 
Wire 
Abbott & Lineham 
LSJ Mechani... 
14016 • L.S.J 
-141,679.68 
72.890.38 
Total 10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
17,564.45 
72,890.38 
Total 10000 • Bank 
17,564.45 
72,890.38 
TOTAL 
17,564.45 
72,890.38 
Page 1 
EFTA00727516

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727517.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727517.pdf
----------------------------------------
12:19 PM 
10/28/09 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of October 31, 2009 
Type 
Date 
Num 
10000 - Bank 
Name 
Memo 
Split 
Amount 
Balance 
200,089.81 
10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
200,089.81 
Check 
10/16+2009 
Wire 
Black. Srebnick, Kornsp... 
50404 • Legal 
-50.000.00 
150,089.81 
Check 
10/1612009 
Wire 
DPMG. Inc. 
14016 
-43.365.20 
106,724.61 
Deposit 
10/1612009 
Deposit 
14006 Finan... 
1,000,000.00 
1.106.724.61 
Check 
10/17/2009 
Wire 
Darren K Indyke PLLC 
12287 DKI P... 
-150.000.00 
956,724.61 
Check 
10120/2009 
Chase Credit Card LSJ 
14016 
-56.629.51 
900,095.10 
Check 
10/21/2009 
Wire 
J.P.Molyneux Studio. LTD 
14016 
-34.281.00 
865.814.10 
Check 
10/21/2009 
Wire 
American Export Comp... 
14016 
-20.239.86 
845.574.24 
Check 
10/21/2009 
Wire 
The deJongh Group. PC 
14016 
-4.016.44 
841,557.80 
Check 
10/21/2009 
Wire 
Island Tile and Marble L... 
14016 
-a466.90 
839.090.90 
Check 
10/21/2009 
Wire 
Kraus-Manning. Inc 
14016 
-1.235.00 
837,855.90 
Check 
10/21/2009 
Wire 
Coral = 
USA Corp. 
14016 
-775.00 
837,080.90 
Check 
10/21/2009 
Wire 
Ismail Unerli clo A&I De... 
14016 
-8.159.00 
828,921.90 
Check 
10/21/2009 
Wire 
David H Gott 
14016 
-1.014.52 
827,907.38 
Check 
10/21/2009 
Wire 
Jeffrey Epstein 
25000 Euros 
10023 Fortis ... 
-34.281.00 
793,626.38 
Check 
10/22/2009 
Direct 
American Express 3727... 
Account # 37... 
25006 Amex... 
-13.042.45 
780.583.93 
Check 
1012a+2009 
Wire 
Puerto Rico Wire Nadu... 
14016 
-2.280.00 
778.303.93 
Check 
10123)2009 
Wire 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
50404 Legal 
-2&000.00 
750.303.93 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Direct 
American Express Gold... 
25008 Amex... 
-5.820.76 
744,483.17 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
Valdson Vieira Cotrin 
Euro 2307.69 
63010 Payro... 
-3.538.15 
740,945.02 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
William R Nash VI Inc. 
14016 
-3.302.86 
737,642.16 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
Island Tile and Marble L... 
14016 
-2.466.90 
735,175.26 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
Scott Graf 
10/26,09. in... 
14016 
-2.800.00 
732.375.26 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
Calypso Realty. PC Esc... 
inv # 15428 
14061 Lafay... 
-2.657.57 
729,717.69 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
Jaca & Sierra Testing L... 
14016 
-3.000.00 
726,717.69 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
Brian Moseley and Ass... 
Inv 8528 
14016 
-895.35 
725.822.34 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
Phil P Britton 
14016 
-1.500.00 
724,322.34 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
American Export Comp... 
14016 
-3.728.50 
720,593.84 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
Stephen Auguste 
14016 
-12.745.87 
707,847.97 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
10S Tennis Supply 
LSJ inv # 23... 
14016 
-1.494.00 
706,353.97 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
Lafayette Contractors. L... 
14061 Lafay... 
-50.000.00 
656,353.97 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
LSJ, LLC 
14016 
-400.000.00 
256,353.97 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
LSJ, LLC 
14016 
-50.000.00 
206,353.97 
Check 
10/27/2009 
Wire 
Arthur Gensler• Jr & As... 
14016 
•160.741.17 
45,612.80 
Total 10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
•154.477.01 
45,612.80 
Total 10000 Bank 
•154.477.01 
45,612.80 
TOTAL 
-154,477.01 
45,612.80 
Page 1 
EFTA00727517

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727518.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727518.pdf
----------------------------------------
9:01 AM 
11/23/10 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of November 30, 2010 
Type 
Date 
Nurn 
 Name 
Memo 
Split 
Amount 
Balance 
10000 • Bank 
10011 • JPMorgen Chase MM 
45,877.56 
45977.56 
Transfer 
11/8/2010 
Funds Transfer 
10012 . JP Mo... 
-20.000.00 
25.87796 
Deposit 
11/8/2010 
Deposal 
14006 • Finan... 
1,000,000.00 
1.025.877.56 
Jeffrey Epstein 
10001 . PB Ho.. 
-10,000.00 
1.015.877.56 
Check 
11/8/2010 
NES. LLC 
14014 - NES, ... 
-100,000.00 
915.877.56 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Direct 
Chase Gold Master .. 
Aces 5263 2... 
25014 • Chase... 
-23.919.49 
891.95807 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Wire 
Abbott & Lineltam 
LSJ Mechani... 
14016 - LS.J 
-12,140.68 
879917.39 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Wire 
Scott Graf 
11/5& 11/8i... 
14016 • L.S.J 
-4,000mo 
875,817.39 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Wire 
LSJ, L.LC 
14016 • LS.J 
-150.000.00 
725,817.39 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Wire 
Dennis Boone 
14016. L.S.J 
-20.130.00 
705.68729 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Wire 
Cambndge Mercant,.. 
14016 • L.S.J 
-6.425.00 
699.26239 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Wire 
Caricement USVI 
inv #4912, 49... 
14018 • L.S.J 
-11,767.01 
687,495.38 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Wire 
Buy Computer now 
fling cabinets 
14016 • L.S.J 
-700.96 
686.794.42 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Wire 
Island Tile and Mar... 
14016 • L.S.J 
•11,288.92 
675.525.50 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Wire 
Brian Moseley and ... 
Inv9049 
14016 • L.S.J 
-1.616.62 
673.908.88 
Check 
11/10/2010 
1227 
Tax Collector. Palm... 
Property com... 
61050 • Props 
-113,374.23 
569534.65 
Check 
11/16/2010 
Direct 
American Express 3... 
Account 11 37... 
25006 - Amex  
-186,127.65 
374,407.00 
Check 
11/17/2010 
Wire 
Zorro Trust 
14005 • Zorro  
-58,000.00 
319407.00 
Check 
11/17/2010 
Wire 
Washoe Equipment... 
inv S S20606 
14016 • LS.J 
-1.556.00 
314.851.60 
Check 
11/17/2010 
Wire 
Kraus-Manning. Inc 
14018 • L.S.J 
-8.353.00 
306.49900 
Check 
11/17/2010 
Wire 
American Export Co... 
LSJ inv NR10... 
14016 • L.S.J 
-7,543.85 
298.95e15 
Check 
11/17/2010 
Wire 
LSJ. LLC 
14016 • L.S.J 
-61,000.00 
237,954.15 
Check 
11/17/2010 
Wire 
William R Nash VII... 
14016 • LS.J 
-2,313.81 
235640.34 
Check 
11/17/2010 
Wire 
Ismail Unerh c/o A&... 
14016 • LS.J 
-4,165.00 
231,475.34 
Check 
11/17/2010 
Wire 
14016. L.S.J 
-1,480.00 
229.99534 
Check 
11/17/2010 
Wire 
revnb.exp. 
-SPLIT- 
-1,035.82 
229959.52 
Check 
11/19/2010 
Wire 
New County Motor ... 
14016 . L.S.  
-17.115.20 
211.84422 
Check 
11/19/2010 
Wire 
DPMG. Inc. 
Inv #19 -Onto... 
14016 • LS.J 
-25,101.08 
186,743.24 
Check 
11/19/2010 
Wire 
Michael Keesling 
50080 • Gifts 
-10.000.00 
176,743.24 
Check 
11/19/2010 
Wire 
Arthur Gensler, Jr &... 
Inv Wool Are... 
14016 • L.S.J 
-23,750.00 
152.99324 
Deposit 
11/22/2010 
Deposit 
12297 • Clear  
5,000.00 
157.993.24 
Total 10011 JPMorgan Chase MM 
112115.68 
157,993.24 
Total 10000 • Bank 
112.115.68 
157,993.24 
TOTAL 
112,115.68 
157,99324 
Page 1 
EFTA00727518

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727519.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727519.pdf
----------------------------------------
11:48 AM 
122109 
Accrual Basis 
Type 
Date 
10000 • Bank 
10011 JP/ organ Chase MM 
Check 
2/7/2009 
Check 
2/7/2009 
Check 
2/7/2009 
Check 
2/7/2009 
Check 
2/7/2009 
Deposit 
2/7i2009 
Check 
2/9/2009 
Check 
2/9/2009 
Check 
2/9/2009 
Check 
2/9/2009 
Check 
2/9/2009 
Check 
2/9/2009 
Check 
2/9/2009 
Check 
2/9/2009 
Check 
2/9/2009 
Check 
2/10/200 
Check 
2/10/200 
Check 
2/11/200 
Check 
2/11/200 
Check 
2/11/200 
Check 
2/14/200 
Check 
2/15/200 
Check 
2/15/200 
Check 
2/16/200 
Check 
2/16/200 
Check 
2/17/200 
Check 
2/17/200 
Check 
2/17/200 
Check 
2/17/200 
Check 
2/17/200 
Check 
2/17/200 
Deposit 
2/17/200 
Check 
2/18'200 
Check 
2/18'200 
Check 
2/21/200 
Num 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Direct 
Direct 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
1212 
Direct 
Direct 
Direct 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Direct 
Direct 
Direct 
Total 10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
Total 10000 • Bank 
TOTAL 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of December 31, 2009 
Name 
Burman. Griffon. Luttier & Coleman. L... 
Stephen Caplinger 
3B's LLC 
Mt' 
Plant Dynamics. Inc. 
Burman. Griffon. Luttier & Coleman. L... 
Michael J. GSdden Inc. 
Lafayette Contractors. LLC 
LSJ. LLC 
Jeffrey Epstein 
American Express 3727.686332-61005 
American Express 3715.657814-31005 
David H Gott 
American Export Company 
American Composites. LLC 
NYC Department of France 
Chase Visa NES 
Chase Visa JEGE 
Chase Visa Lafayette 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Phil P Britton 
Burman. Griffon. Luttier & Coleman. L... 
Larry Visoski 
Hasan Khan 
Zorro Development Corporation 
JEGE. Inc. 
Chase Creckl Card i 
American Expres
100 
Chase Gold Master Ca 
Memo 
Split 
Amount 
Balance 
153.451.12 
153.451.12 
50404 - Legal 
-41.902.87 
111.551.25 
14016 - L.S.J..... 
-222.93 
111.32932 
12504 • Zorro ... 
-2.589.60 
108.73832 
50404 • ktak 
-50.000.00 
58.73832 
12278 - = 
... 
-10.000.00 
48.73832 
Deposit 
14006 - Rnanc... 
1.000.000.00 
1.048.738.72 
Inv # 670.672... 
15005 - Lands... 
.4.286.21 
1.044.452.51 
50404 - Legal 
-179.383.49 
865.06992 
14016 • L.S.J..... 
-6.385.00 
858.68092 
12/7/09. invoi... 
14016 - L.S.J..... 
-1900.00 
856,884.02 
50080 • Gifts 
-5.000.00 
851,884.02 
50080 • Gifts 
-5.000.00 
849880.02 
14061 • Lafaye... 
-50.000.00 
796.88092 
14016 • L.S.J..... 
-50900.00 
746,884.02 
10001 • PB Ho... 
-20.000.00 
726.88192 
Account # 37... 
25006 - Amex... 
-16.767.18 
710,116.84 
25016 - Amex ... 
-329.60 
709387.24 
14016 • L.S.J., ... 
-875.00 
708,912.24 
LSJ inv /I R91... 
14016 - L.S.J., ... 
-3.338.18 
705,574.06 
try # 11998 &... 
50207 • JEGE 
-32.000.00 
673974.06 
VOID: EIN #:... 
50404 • Legal 
0.00 
673,57496 
25021 • Chase... 
-47.882.39 
625,691.67 
25020 - Chase... 
-3.722.95 
621.96972 
14061 • Lafaye... 
-5.778.28 
616.190.41 
25.000 Euros 
10023 • Fortis ... 
-40.000.00 
576,190.44 
14016 - L.S.J., ... 
-1.500.00 
574.690/4 
50404 • Legal 
-224.000.00 
350,690.44 
12288 • Lary V. 
-25.000.00 
325,690.44 
14016 - L.S.J..... 
-10.710.00 
314.980.40 
12504 • Zorro ... 
-100.000.00 
214,980.40 
50207 • JEGE 
-50900.00 
164980.41 
Deposit 
50084 • Medical 
113.46 
185.09390 
14016 - L.S.J..... 
-115,756.66 
49,337.24 
25011 - Amex... 
-22,116.77 
27,220.47 
25014 - Chase... 
-9978.54 
20,241.93 
-133.21219 
20,241 93 
-133.21219 
20,241 93 
-133,21219 
20,241.93 
Page 1 
EFTA00727519

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727520.pdf
----------------------------------------
9:35 AM 
03/19/10 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of March 19. 2010 
Type 
Date 
Num 
10000 • Bank 
10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
Name 
Memo 
S 
Amount 
Balance 
691,641.64 
691,641.64 
Deposit 
2/26/2010 
Deposit 
1,000,000.00 
1,691,641.64 
Check 
2/26/2010 
Wire 
Quiet Wing Technologies. Inc. 
Engineering 
-200,000.00 
1,491,641.64 
Check 
2/26/2010 
Wire 
Bluestone Services LLC 
-4,249.57 
1,487,392.07 
Check 
2/26/2010 
Wire 
DPMG, Inc. 
-25,063.78 
1,462,328.29 
Check 
2/26/2010 
Wire 
William L Richey, P.A 
-239.20 
1,462,089.09 
Check 
2/26/2010 
Wire 
Calypso Realty, P.C. Escrow 
March 16-31 20... 
-1,653.33 
1,460,435.76 
Check 
2/26/2010 
Wire 
Flightstar Aircraft Services, Inc. 
-501,430.39 
959,005.37 
Check 
2/26/2010 
Wire 
Stephen Auguste 
-2,030.00 
956,975.37 
Check 
2/26/2010 
Wire 
Plant Dynamics, Inc. 
Inv # 731 • Final... 
-15,000.00 
941,975.37 
Check 
2/26/2010 
Wire 
Black, Srebnick, Korrespan & St... 
Account # 826.0... 
-12,420.00 
929,555.37 
Deposit 
2/28/2010 
Interest 
32.73 
929,588.10 
Check 
3/1/2010 
1213 
Cash 
-20,000.00 
909,588.10 
Check 
3/2/2010 
Wire 
Cabinet &porton SPRL 
1650 EUR 
-2,282.12 
907,305.98 
Check 
3/2/2010 
Wire 
Valcom 
-1,098.70 
906,207.28 
Check 
3/2/2010 
Wire 
Scott Graf 
3/1/10 invoice 
-1,800.00 
904,407.28 
Check 
3/2/2010 
Wire 
Sunbowt 
Inv dated 03.01.10 
-5,000.00 
899,407.28 
Check 
3/2/2010 
Wire 
ding & Techn... 
-11,100.00 
888,307.28 
Check 
3/3/2010 
Wire 
Rent 
-4,000.00 
884,307.28 
Check 
3/4/2010 
Jeffrey Epstein 
-100,000.00 
784,307.28 
Check 
3/4/2010 
Wire 
Centurion Aircraft Maintenance ... 
-10,000.00 
774,307.28 
Check 
3/4/2010 
Wire 
Larry Visoski 
-3,175.00 
771,132.28 
Check 
3/4/2010 
Wire 
Architecture Metals LLC 
-7,698.90 
763,433.38 
Check 
3/8/2010 
Direct 
Chase Visa JEGE 
-1,344.73 
762,088.65 
Check 
3/8/2010 
Wire 
Zorro Development Corporation 
-100,000.00 
662,088.65 
Check 
3/8/2010 
Wire 
Jeffrey Epstein 
-20,000.00 
642,088.65 
Check 
3/10/2010 
Wire 
Burman. Critton. Luther & Cole... 
Inv# 30658 
-142,555.04 
499,533.61 
Check 
3/10/2010 
Wire 
American Export Company 
LSJ inv # R1003... 
-10,867.93 
488,665.68 
Check 
3/10/2010 
Wire 
Martin G. Weinberg. P.C. 
Marchst invoice 
-116,703.45 
371,962.23 
Check 
3/10/2010 
Wire 
Management Systems Consulting 
Inv # 6556 
-9,731.84 
362,230.39 
Check 
3/10/2010 
Wire 
Michael J. Glidden Inc. 
-10,109.00 
352,121.39 
Check 
3/10/2010 
Wire 
Dennis Boone 
-11,810.00 
340,311.39 
Check 
3/12/2010 
Direct 
American Express 3727-MR312 
Account it 3727-... 
-104,291.56 
236,019.83 
Check 
3/17/2010 
Direct 
Chase Visa NES 
-58,967.64 
177,052.19 
Check 
3/17/2010 
Direvt 
Chase Visa JEGE 
-10,688.54 
166,363.65 
Check 
3/18/2010 
Direct 
American Express 
14100 
-12,852.21 
153,511.44 
Deposit 
3/18/2010 
Deposit 
• 
36.77 
153,548.21 
Total 10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
-538,093.43 
153,548.21 
Total 10000 • Bank 
-538,093.43 
153,548.21 
TOTAL 
-538,093.43 
153,548.21 
Page 1 
EFTA00727520

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727521.pdf
----------------------------------------
3:17 PM 
04/06/10 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of April 5, 2010 
Type 
10000 • Bank 
Date 
Num 
Name 
Memo 
Amount 
Balance 
285,247.21 
10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
285,247.21 
Check 
3/25/2010 
Wire 
Rimco Inc 
-75,247.50 
209,999.71 
Check 
3/25/2010 
Wire 
301 East 66th St 
2009 Monthly... 
-165,653.79 
44,345.92 
Check 
3/25/2010 
Wire 
Gerdau Ameristeel US Inc. 
inv St 607009... 
-55,704.35 
-11,358.43 
Check 
3/25/2010 
Wire 
DPMG, Inc. 
-25,063.78 
-36,422.21 
Check 
3/25/2010 
Wire 
Ion Nicola 
Decorative 
-7.548.82 
-43,971.03 
Deposit 
3/25/2010 
Deposit 
1,000,000.00 
956,028.97 
Check 
3/30/2010 
Wire 
Jeffrey Epstein 
-20.000.00 
936,028.97 
Check 
3/30/2010 
Direct 
American Express Gold C... 
-2.088.20 
933,940.77 
Check 
3/31/2010 
1214 
Si orsky Aircraft Corporat... 
-10,000.000.00 
-9.066,059.23 
Deposit 
3/31/2010 
Deposit 
10,000,000.00 
933,940.77 
Check 
4/1/2010 
Wire 
Jeffrey Epstein 
-23,432.74 
910,508.03 
Check 
4/1/2010 
Wire 
Cabinet Experton SPRL 
1650 EUR 
-2,257.86 
908,250.17 
Check 
4/1/2010 
Wire 
Munro Distributing Co.. Inc. 
-331.773.00 
576,477.17 
Check 
4/1/2010 
1215 
Cash 
-20.000.00 
556,477.17 
Check 
4/1/2010 
Wire 
Michael J. Glidden Inc. 
-54.003.00 
502,474.17 
Check 
4/1/2010 
Wire 
Atterbury, Goldberger & 
-25,000.00 
477,474.17 
Check 
4/1/2010 
Wire 
Scott Graf 
3/26 and 329... 
-2,600.00 
474,874.17 
Check 
4/1/2010 
Wire 
American Export Company 
LSJ inv a R1... 
-3,854.95 
471,019.22 
Check 
4/1/2010 
Wire 
Stephen Auguste 
-12,145.00 
458,874.22 
Check 
4/1/2010 
Wire 
Architecture Metals LLC 
-7,992.60 
450,881.62 
Check 
4/1/2010 
Wire 
Stephen Caplinger 
-208.41 
450,673.21 
Check 
4/1/2010 
Wire 
Kraft Power Corporation 
-5,940.00 
444,733.21 
Check 
4/1/2010 
Wire 
Gary Kerney 
-1,756.39 
442,976.82 
Check 
4/1/2010 
Wire 
-18.301.42 
424,675.40 
Check 
4/3/2010 
Wire 
Rent 
-4,000.00 
420,675.40 
Check 
4/5/2010 
Wire 
Aw a do Silva 
4,000.00 
416,675.40 
Check 
4/5/2010 
Wire 
TSG Technologies. Inc. 
-248,280.00 
168,395.40 
Total 10011 JPMorgan Chase MM 
-116,851.81 
168,395.40 
Total 10000 Bank 
-116,851.81 
168,395.40 
TOTAL 
-116$51.81 
168,395.40 
Page 1 
EFTA00727521

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727522.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727522.pdf
----------------------------------------
1:55 PM 
05/06/10 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of May 6. 2010 
Type 
10000 • Bank 
10011 • JPMorgan 
Date 
Num 
Name 
i.lemo 
Split 
Amount 
Balance 
Chase MM 
390,811.09 
390,811.09 
Deposit 
4/28/2010 
Deposit 
14006 - Fin... 
1,000,000.00 
1,390,811.09 
Check 
4/28/2010 
Wire 
Jeffrey Epstein 
10012 -JP... 
,100,000.00 
1,290,811.09 
Check 
4/28/2010 
Wire 
LSJ, LLC 
14016 -L... 
-250,000.00 
1,040,811.09 
Check 
4/28/2010 
Wire 
Calypso Realty, P.C. Esa... 
May 2010 rent and ex... 
14061 . Laf... 
-3,898.28 
1,036,912.81 
Check 
4/28/2010 
Wire 
Scott Graf 
4/23 invoice 
14016 . L... 
-1.200.00 
1,035,712.81 
Check 
4/28/2010 
Wire 
LSJ, LLC 
14016 • L.... 
-3,000.00 
1,032,712.81 
Check 
4/28/2010 
Wire 
Lambretta South Inc. 
14016 • L.... 
-6,323.93 
1,026,388.88 
Check 
4/28/2010 
Wire 
LSJ, LLC 
14016 . L.... 
.50,000.00 
976.38888 
Check 
4/28/2010 
Wire 
Burman, Crinon, Lunier & 
Settlements 
50404 • Le... 
,750,000.00 
226.388.88 
Check 
4/28/2010 
Wire 
Jeffrey E stein 
10001 • PB... 
.20,000.00 
206,388.88 
Check 
5/3/2010 
Wire 
Rent 
50080 - Gifts 
-4.000.00 
202,388.88 
Check 
5/3/2010 
Wire 
Jack's Mechanical Solutio... 
Inv W11224 & W11223 
12504 • Zo... 
-9.032.27 
193,356.61 
Check 
5/3/2010 
Wire 
Architecture Metals LLC 
Req #3-2 invoices 
14016 • L.... 
-8.083.50 
185,273.11 
Check 
5/3/2010 
Abbott 8 Lineham Mechan... 
LSJ Plumbing Master ... 
14016 • L.... 
-3.766.00 
181,507.11 
Check 
51312010 
Broward Motorsports of P... 
Deal # 283027-JEE K... 
14016 • L... 
-9,600.00 
171,907.11 
Check 
532010 
Wire 
Lafayette Contractors, LLC 
14061 • Laf... 
-50.000.00 
121,907.11 
Check 
5,32010 
Wire 
The deJongh Group. PC 
Inv # 2008.21.2010.10... 
14016 - L... 
.7,758.71 
114,148.40 
Check 
5,32010 
Wire 
Scott Graf 
4/26/10 invoice 
14016 • L... 
.1,200.00 
112,948.40 
Check 
5,32010 
Wire 
DPMG. Inc. 
Inv #13 • April 
14016 • L.... 
.25,092.39 
87,856.01 
Check 
5/312010 
Wire 
Island Tropical Foliage Inc. 
1750 Neo Bromeliads ... 
14016 • L.... 
.14,582.50 
73,273.51 
Transfer 
5/6/2010 
Funds Transfer 
10012 • JP... 
50,000.00 
123,273.51 
Check 
5/6/2010 
Wire 
American Export Company 
LSJ Inv # R100409 
14016 - L... 
.1,650.00 
121,623.51 
Check 
5/6/2010 
Wire 
Tom Hoch Interior Design... 
14016 • L.... 
.2,782.00 
118,841.51 
Check 
5/6/2010 
Wire 
Stephen Auguste 
14016 - L.... 
-11,760.00 
107,081.51 
Check 
5/6/2010 
Wire 
Diesel Specialists LLC 
14016 • L.... 
-51,857.00 
55,224.51 
Total 10011 JPMorgan Chase MM 
-335,586.58 
55,224.51 
Total 10000 Bank 
-335,586.58 
55,224.51 
TOTAL 
435,58638 
55,22441 
Page 1 
EFTA00727522

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727523.pdf
----------------------------------------
11:21 AM 
09/24/10 
Accrual Basis 
Type 
Date 
Nun 
10000 - Bank 
10011 • JPMorgen Chase MM 
Deposit 
9/13/2010 
Deposit 
Check 
9/14/2010 
Wire 
B Camay 111 
Check 
9/14/2010 
Wire 
BR Associates Inc. 
Check 
9/14/2010 
Wire 
Darren K lndyke PLLC 
Check 
9/14/2010 
Wire 
Wire 
Maguire Group Inc. 
Big Bear Constructi0n Inc. 
Projects: Office p... 
Check 
9/14/2010 
Wire 
American Export Compa... 
LSJ Inv I/ R100902 
Check 
9/14/2010 
Wire 
Soon Graf 
WO. 9/10, 9/13/... 
Check 
9/14/2010 
Wire 
Arthur Gensler, Jr & Ass... 
inv # 2555582 & I... 
Check 
9/14/2010 
Wire 
Loranger Door and Wind... 
ingv # 1008-1182... 
Check 
9/14/2010 
Wire 
LSJ, LLC 
house account 
Check 
9/14/2010 
Wire 
Brian Moseley and Asso... 
Inv 8977 
Check 
9/14/2010 
Wire 
Ponce Plaza 
135 Trees 
Check 
9/14/2010 
Wire 
Ocean Dynamics USA 
Check 
9/14/2010 
Wire 
Foliage Xpress Inc 
Check 
9/15/2010 
phone 
Chase Credit Card LSJ 
Check 
9/15(2010 
direct 
American Express 3727-... 
AccountI/3727-d._ 
Deposit 
9/16/2010 
Deposit 
Check 
9/17/2010 
Wire 
Tom Hoch Interior Desig... 
Inv* 15712A -Fi... 
Check 
9/17/2010 
Wire 
Subbase Drydock Inc. 
Check 
9/17/2010 
Wire 
Newgrange Consulting . . 
Check 
9/17/2010 
Wire 
White Lion Design 
Check 
9/17/2010 
Wire 
American Export Comae... 
LSJ inv # R1009... 
Check 
9/17/2010 
Wire 
Alan Dershowitz 
Aug 24 invoices 
Check 
9/17/2010 
Wire 
Fowler White Burnett PA. 
LAS 80743 
Check 
9/17/2010 
Wire 
Martin G. Weinberg. P.C. 
July and August ... 
Check 
9/17/2010 
Wire 
Troutman Sanders LLP 
Check 
9/17/2010 
Direct 
Chase Vasa NES 
Check 
9/172010 
Direct 
Chase Vasa JEGE 
Check 
9/20/2010 
Direct 
Chase Credit Card LSJ 
Check 
9/20/2010 
Wire 
Decorative painting 
Check 
9/202010 
Wire 
Mak 
Check 
9/21/2010 
Wire 
clear Skin Network 
Check 
9/21/2010 
Direct 
Chase Gold Master Card 
Acct 5263 2710 ... 
Check 
9/21/2010 
Wire 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Deposit 
9/21/2010 
Deposit 
Check 
9/22/2010 
Wire 
LSJ. LLC 
house account 
Check 
9/22/2010 
Wire 
Broward Motorsports of ... 
R/0* 44438 
Check 
9/22/2010 
Wire 
Wildco Petroleum Equip... 
Check 
9/22/2010 
Wire 
Dennis Boone 
Check 
9/22/2010 
Wire 
Kraus-Manning. Inc 
Check 
9/22/2010 
Wire 
Calypso Realty, P.C. Es... 
October rent 2... 
Check 
9/22/2010 
Wire 
■ 
Scofield Co. 
Check 
9/22/2010 
Wire 
Trane Puerto Rico 
Check 
9/22/2010 
Wire 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Deposit 
9/29/2010 
Deposit 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of September 30, 2010 
Name 
Memo 
Total 10011 . JPMorgan Chase MM 
Total 10000 • Bank 
TOTAL 
Split 
14006 • Financi... 
50404 • Legal 
50380 - Consulk... 
50404 . Legal 
14016. L.S.J.. ... 
14018 • L.S.J., 
14016 • L.S.J..... 
14016 • L.S.J., 
14016 - L.S.J., 
14016 • L.S.J., 
14016 • L.S.J., 
14016 L.S.J., 
14016 • L.S.J., 
140113. L.S.J., 
14016 • L.S.J.. ... 
14016 • L.S.J., 
25006 • Amex 3... 
-SPLIT-
14016 
14073 • 
50404 - 
14016 • L.S.J., 
14016 • L.SJ., 
50404 - Legal 
50404 • Legal 
50104 • Legal 
50404 Legal 
25021 • Chase ... 
25020 Chase ... 
14016 • L.S.J., 
14014 NES. LLC 
14014 - NES. LLC 
12297 • Clear S... 
25014 • Chase ... 
10023 • Fortis B... 
-SPLIT-
14016 • L.S.J., 
14016 • L.S.J., 
14016 • L.S.J., 
14016 - L.S.J., 
14016 • L.S.J., 
von. Lafayelt.. 
14016 . L.S.J., 
14016 • L.S.J., 
10012 • JP Mor... 
-SPLIT-
Amount 
Balance 
82,560.39 
82,560.39 
1,500,030.00 
1,582,560.39 
-750.00 
1,581,810.39 
-250,000.00 
1,331.810.39 
-250,000.00 
1,081,810.39 
-1.415.00 
1.080.395.39 
-54.458.75 
1,025,936.64 
-1,244.03 
1,024,692.61 
-4.000.00 
1,020,692.61 
-24,500.00 
996,192.61 
-5.600.84 
990,591.77 
-100000.00 
890,591.77 
-2,999.14 
887,592.63 
-15,487.50 
872,105.13 
-105553 
870,449.60 
-1,820.00 
868,629.60 
-133,000.00 
735,629.60 
-138,755.39 
596,874.21 
202.94 
597.077.16 
-4,125.00 
592,952.15 
-1,600.00 
591,352.15 
-10.000.00 
581,352.15 
-10000.00 
571,352.15 
-6267.80 
565,084.35 
-20,987.50 
544,096.65 
-50000.00 
494,096.85 
-30.000.00 
464,096.85 
-20.716.05 
443,380.80 
-77.115.12 
366,265.68 
-4,144.51 
362,121.17 
-19.924.00 
342,197.17 
-5.322.32 
336.874.85 
-737.38 
338.137.47 
-45.000.00 
291,137.47 
-2,387.28 
288,770.19 
-27,363.00 
261,407.19 
3,281.12 
264,688.31 
-8000.00 
259,688.31 
-600.00 
259,088.31 
-21,174.43 
237,913.88 
-5,240.00 
232,673.88 
-26.313.00 
206.360.88 
-4,693.56 
201,667.32 
-5,432.50 
196,234.82 
-10,050.00 
186,184.82 
-50.000.00 
136,184.82 
580.11 
136,744.93 
54.184.54 
136,744.93 
54.184.54 
136,744.93 
64,184.54 
138,70.93 
R894 1 
EFTA00727523

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727524.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727524.pdf
----------------------------------------
4:36 PM 
10/12/10 
Accrual Basis 
Type 
Date 
10000 . Bank 
10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
Deposit 
9/28/2010 
Deposit 
9/29/2010 
Check 
9/29/2010 
Check 
9/29/2010 
Check 
9/29/2010 
Check 
9/30/2010 
Check 
10/4/2010 
Check 
10/4/2010 
Check 
10/4/2010 
Check 
10/4/2010 
Check 
10/4/2010 
Check 
10/5/2010 
Check 
10/6/2010 
Check 
10/6/2010 
Check 
10/6/2010 
Check 
10/7/2010 
Check 
10/7/2010 
Check 
10/8/2010 
Total 10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
Total 10000 • Bank 
TOTAL 
Num 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Wire 
Direct 
Wire 
EURO 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of October 12, 2010 
Name 
Ryan Dionne 
The St. George Co... 
LSJ, LLC 
Cabinet Experton S... 
LSJ, LLC 
Arthur Gensler. Jr ... 
American Export C... 
Stephen Auguste 
OPMG, Inc. 
Sari Cie Modern. 
nc. 
Chase Credit Card .. 
Fowler White Burne.. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Memo 
Split 
Amount 
Balance 
-4,992.62 
4.992.62 
Deposit 
14006 Finan... 
1.00000000 
995,007.38 
Deposit 
-SPLIT-
560.11 
995.567.49 
inv 207 
14014 NES, 
-3000.00 
992,567.49 
14016 • 
-48.026.85 
944.540.64 
14016 - 
-275.000.00 
669.540.64 
Retainer for ... 
50404 • Legal 
-1.650.00 
667.890.64 
14016 - 
-100,000.00 
567,890.64 
inv 4 265139 
14016 • LSJ.... 
-2.302.72 
565.587.92 
LSJ hi/ it RI... 
14016 - LSJ.... 
-1,985.98 
563001.94 
14016 - 
-13,230.00 
550,371.94 
kw 418 -Sept... 
14018 - LSJ.... 
-25,101.08 
525,270.86 
sconces for... 
14016 • L.S.J.... 
-5.024.90 
520.245.96 
14014 • 
-100,000.00 
420,245.96 
12278 - 
-25,000.00 
395,245.96 
Balance for ... 
50195 • E uca... 
-6295.00 
388,950.96 
14018 - LS.J.... 
-143,000.00 
245.950.96 
LAS 80743 
50404 • Legal 
-100,000.00 
145,950.96 
10,000 Ewes 
50204 • Lodgi... 
-14,343.00 
131,607.96 
136,600.58 
131,607.96 
136,600.58 
131,607.96 
136,800.58 
131,607.96 
Page 1 
EFTA00727524

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727525.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727525.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ami, Jay: 
Please include in the Draft an explanation of the following to refute MV's allegation 
that JEE refused to promptly fulfill his obligation to secure the services of the 
attorney representative: 
In the last full paragraph on page 2 of 4 of Marie's letter to JL, RB and JG, MV writes: 
"Mr. Epstein refused to fulfill promptly Mr. Epstein's obligation to secure the 
services of an attorney representative for the victims." 
However, in MV's Supplemental Declaration, dated December 22, 2008, in the 3771 
case, Marie states on page 3, paragraph 9 that Marie prepared a corrected victim 
notification letter and worked with Mr. Epstein's counsel to resolve certain issues 
related to the implementation only of "Parts 1 and 2" [referring to the NPA and the 
Addendum]. Those issues were resolved on September 2, 2008 and September 3, 
2008. 
On September 8, 2008, Jay Lefkowitz sent a letter to Bob Josefsberg advising 
Josefsberg that Jeffrey will pay attorney representative for fees associated with 
consideration of and subsequent settlement of potential 2255 claims and requesting 
that Josefsberg forward current and future bills to Jay that relate to such work and 
Jay will arrange for payment, but that we reserve the right in the future to submit 
bills to a neutral 3rd party for review, though at present Jay wrote there is no need 
for such a procedure. 
Copies of the Supplemental Declaration and September 8, 2008 letter are attached 
to demonstrate that JEE did not refuse to promptly fulfill his obligations to secure 
the services of the attorney representative. Promptly after resolution of certain 
issues relating to the attorney representative provided for in the NPA and 
Addendum, Jay sent the letter confirming that JEE will pay the attorney 
representative. 
EFTA00727525

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727526.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727526.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
6100 Red Hook Quarter 
Suite B-3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
September 2, 2010 
VIA EMAI 
James R. Brockway, Esq. 
Withers Bergman, LLP 
157 Church Street 
P.O. Box 426 
New Haven, CT 06502-0426 
Re: 
Termination of Engagement/Transfer of Fileg 
Dear Mr. Brockway: 
In response to your letter to me dated August 17, 2010 terminating my 
engagement of your firm, please forward any and all files and documents relating to 
your representation of me to my attorney, Darren K. Indyke, at the following 
address: 
Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
301 East 66'h Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
If you have any questions, please contact Mr. Indyke at his office at 
Sincerely, 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
cc: 
Stanle N. Ber man, Es . 
EFTA00727526

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727527.pdf
----------------------------------------
+Ryan Dionne 
York Drive 
Princeton. New eraey 08540 
Phon 
Fax 
Invoice No. 
00207 
Customer ID: 
Date 
9-20-2010 
Quantity 
Days 
Item 
Description 
Chef Services 
Invoice 
Bill To: 
Ship To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
W 7P' Street 
New York, NY 10021 
Discount 
Taxable 
Unit Price 
Total 
$750 
$3,000 
Subtotal: 
Tax: 
Shipping: 
Miscellaneous: 
Balance Due: 
$3,000 
$3,000 
EFTA00727527

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727528.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727528.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROPOSAL 
S
L..1 NI 
CO ,C 
3O 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
12/4/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) so% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNtTIAN 
4) Freight le not Included 
all Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
user at our COSI. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PR 
BRAND 
PART # 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE I 
TOTAL 
Project Summary 
Equipment Total 
$183,426.00 
This is Including 2D projector Option 
Labor 
$22,400.00 
This is LSJ and NYC 
( $800 per day per Tech ) 
Estimated Travel 
$3,360.80 
This is 2 round Trip tickets to NYC 
and 4 Round Trips to LSJ 
Project Total 
$209,186.80 
Housing for LSJ will be at Emad's 
Housing for NYC will be at 301 
All Freight will be provided via Emad. 
Equipment 
Labor 
Total 
LSJ Theater 
S80.700.00 
$3200.00 
$83900.00 
LSJ Master 
59.865.00 
$3200.00 
$13065.00 
LSJ Gym 
S13307.00 
$3200.00 
$16507.00 
LSJ Tiki 
$13.217.00 
$3200.00 
$16417.00 
LSJ Pool 
S18.042.00 
$3200.00 
$21242.00 
71st 6th Floor 
S48.295.00 
$6400.00 
$54695.00 
Total 
$22,400.00 
$205826.00 
PAGE 1 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727528
--- PAGE 2 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
1.1 NI 
,C 
01 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
12/4/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) sox DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNMAN 
4) Freight Is not Included 
all Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
use, at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
C itySt 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTY PR 
BRAND 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
TOTAL 
Pool System 
$900.00 
$3,240.00 
$700.00 
$2,520.00 
$1.600.00 
$4,320.00 
$1,350.00 
5107.00 
5535.00 
5180.00 
5350.00 
$400.00 
$3,200.00 
5585.00 
$405.00 
$450.00 
5800.00 
S1.600.00 
$3,200.00 
Total 
$21.242.00 
ea 
EN 
300 PI 
Outdoor Speakers 
ea 
EN 
122Pl 
Dual 12" Subwoofer enclosure 
ea 
EN 
1212 
120CAre X 2 Amplifier 
ea 
EN 
DX46 
Equalizer 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ect. 
ea 
Windy City 
500' spool 
gauge 4 conductor 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
Power Conditioner 
ea 
Snap Av 
SM-Rack-12u 
Electronic Rack Enclosure 
ea 
Petra 
D/A 
Analog Audio 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
Ipad Program 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
* please note that it will take 4 weeks 
from the date of ordering to obtain 
the EV Speakers they are made to order 
PAGE 2 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727529
--- PAGE 3 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
LA NI 0,C 4033) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
12/4/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) err» DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNMAN 
4) Freight is not Included 
ell Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
use, at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
CitytSt 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
onl PRI 
BRAND 
I 
PART # 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE I 
TOTAL 
TIKI HUT 
$450.00 
$1,620.00 
$700.00 
$1,260.00 
51.600.00 
$2,880.00 
$1,350.00 
5107.00 
5535.00 
5180.00 
5350.00 
5500.00 
5800.00 
5585.00 
$2,250.00 
5800.00 
51.600.00 
$3,200.00 
Total 
$16.417.00 
ea 
EN 
ZX1i 
Outdoor Speakers 
ea 
EN 
122Pl 
Dual 12" Subwoofer enclosure 
ea 
EN 
1212 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
ea 
EN 
DX46 
Equalizer 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ed. 
ea 
Petra 
D/A 
Analog Audio 
ea 
Windy City 
500' spool 
gauge 4 conductor 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
Power Conditioner 
ea 
Entegra 
Custom 
Sealed Rack Enclosure 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
Ipad Program 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
' please note that it will take 4 weeks 
from the date of ordering to obtain 
the EN Speakers they are made to order 
PAGE 3 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727530
--- PAGE 4 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
1.1 NI 
,C 
1011 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
12/4/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
.0 ems DEPOSIT UPON SIGHING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNtTIAN 
4) Freight is not Included 
all Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
user at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
C itySt 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTY PR 
BRAND 
PART # 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE I 
TOTAL 
LSJ GYM 
S2.300.00 
$4.140.00 
51.600.00 
$2,880.00 
Palm Beach 
House 
$1,350.00 
$1,710.00 
5107.00 
5535.00 
5180.00 
5350.00 
5100.00 
5800.00 
5855.00 
$75.00 
5300.00 
$1.600.00 
$3,200.00 
Total 
$16.507.00 
ea 
EN 
CP4000S 
2x1400 watt amplifier 
ea 
DV 
1212 
1200w X 2 Amplifier 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
ea 
DV 
DX46 
Equalizer 
ea 
Crestron 
CP2E 
Processor 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
RDL 
Interconects 
XLR Ed. 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
Application 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
Ipad Program 
ea 
Vanco 
SCHDMI 
HDMI Baulin 
ea 
Snap AN 
Rack Shelves 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
PAGE 4 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727531
--- PAGE 5 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
LA NI 0,C 4033) 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
12/4/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1) wry. DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNITIAN 
4) Freight Is not Included 
all Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
user at our coal. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
City/St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTYI PRI 
BRAND 
PART/ 
I 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE I 
TOTAL 
6th Floor NYC 
From LSJ 
Theater 
$315.00 
$14,040.00 
$8,865.00 
$2.800.00 
$5,040.00 
$2.300.00 
$4.140.00 
$3.150.00 
$4250.00 
$7,650.00 
$630.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
$945.00 
$1,500.00 
$350.00 
$1.600.00 
$6.400.00 
Total 
$54,695.00 
ea 
Sony 
Oualia 
From LSJ 
ea 
Peerless 
URG300 
Projector mount 
pr 
PMC 
8325 
Front Left/Right Speakers 
ea 
PMC 
1B2C 
Center Speaker 
pr 
PMC 
Wafer 1 
Inwall Surrounds 
ea 
Sunfire 
TSE12 
Dual 12 2700watt Subwoofer 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
ea 
Sunfire 
Amp 7401 
Channel 400 watt per channel 
ea 
Denon 
BD 
Blu-Ray Player 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
Application 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
Speaker Equalizer 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
New Remote Control Program 
ea 
Monster 
Interconnect 
Package HDMI - Digital Audio 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
* Might need a New Lens for 
Qualia projector 
We will be utilizing the existing Screen 
PAGE 5 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727532
--- PAGE 6 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
L.1 NI 
)C 
333 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
OFFICE 
FAX 
Date 
I 
12/4/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
.0 am DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2) 20% PAYMENT UPON 10M 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
3) LABOR WILL BE BILLED DAILY 
AT $800. PER TECHNMAN 
4) Freight is not Included 
ell Frieght will be Invoiced to end 
use, at our cost. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
C itySt 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
OTY PR 
BRAND 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
PRICE I 
TOTAL 
Master Bedroom LSJ 
65" LED LCD TV 
Flat Wall Mount 
Preamp 
Channel Amplifier 
Processor 
Apple TV 
Ipad 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
Application 
Wireless switch 
Speaker Equalizer 
Speakers 
HDMI Cable 
HDMI Cable 
Ipad Program 
Small Parts 
Power Conditioner 
Subwoofers 
Technitions 
$3.690.00 
$315.00 
From LSJ 
Theater 
From LSJ 
Theater 
$1.710.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
$945.00 
Palm Beach 
Master 
$55.00 
$275.00 
$110.00 
$800.00 
$350.00 
Palm Beach 
Master 
Palm Beach 
Master 
$1.600.00 
$3.200.00 
Total 
$13.065.00 
ea 
Samsung 
UN6500 
ea 
Peerless 
FLWG 
ea 
Sunfire 
TG3 
ea 
Sunfire 
Cinema Grand 
ea 
Crestron 
CP2E 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
ea 
B & W 
ea 
Etherial 
2m 
ea 
Etherial 
4m 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
ea 
Etherial 
Misc 
ea 
Monster 
ProPower 3600 
ea 
Klipsch 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
PAGE 6 
If approved please fax back each page: 
EFTA00727533
--- PAGE 7 ---
PROPOSAL 
S
1.1 NI 
,C 
gall 
The Ultimate in Home and Marine Entertainment 
360 WEST NORTHWEST HIGHWAY 
BARRINGTON. ILLINOIS 60010 
AFXFICE 
Date 
I 
12/4/2010 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
.0 so% DEPOSIT UPON SIGNING 
2)40% PAYMENT UPON DELIVERY 
OF ALL EQUIPMENT TO JOB SITE. 
3) 10% PAYMENT UPON 100% 
COMPLETION OF THE JOB 
4) LABOR WILL BE BILLED WEEKLY 
AT TIME AND MATERIAL 
5) SEE ATTACHED TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS FOR FURTHER INFO. 
NAME 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Address 
C ity:St 
Phone # 
EMAIL 
I 
L 
I 
I 
LSJ Theater 
$58.500.00 
$4.050.00 
$3.150.00 
$4250.00 
$7.650.00 
$1.710.00 
$107.00 
$535.00 
$748.00 
$100.00 
$180.00 
$945.00 
$55.00 
$275.00 
$110.00 
$32.00 
$320.00 
$800.00 
$350.00 
$325.00 
$1.170.00 
$1.600.00 
$3.200.00 
Room Total 
$83.900.00 
ea 
Digital Projection 
Titan Reference' 
2D Projector 
ea 
Digital Projection 
Titan Reference' 
Enclosure for Noise 
ea 
Sunfire 
Preamp 401 
Preamp w HDMI Switching 
ea 
Sunfire 
Amp 7401 
Channel 400 watt per channel 
ea 
Crestron 
CP2E 
Processor 
ea 
Apple 
AppleTV 
Apple TV 
ea 
Apple 
Ipad 
Ipad 
ea 
Apple 
Mac Mini 
Main Hard Drive 2.4 GHz 320 gig 
ea 
Apple 
Crestron 
Application 
ea 
Apple 
Airport Extreme 
Wireless switch 
ea 
Audio Control 
Bijou 
Speaker Equalizer 
ea 
Etherial 
2m 
HDMI Cable 
ea 
Etherial 
4m 
HDMI Cable 
ea 
RDL 
2m 
XLR Cables 
ea 
Crestron 
Program 
Ipad Program 
ea 
Etherial 
Misc 
Small Parts 
ea 
Klipsch 
Replacement 
Tweeters 
ea 
Sound X 
Labor 
Technitions 
PAGE 7 
If approved please fax back each page: 
I 
I 
EFTA00727534

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727535.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727535.pdf
----------------------------------------
MEMORANDUM 
TO 
RDC 
FROM 
JMB 
RE 
Epstein — Punitive Damages 
DATE 
April 8, 2009 
Bob: 
You requested that I put together a general overview/outline of issues which will present 
themselves to us in connection with Plaintiffs' claims for punitive damages against our 
client, Jeffrey Epstein. The following is not intended to be exhaustive and I am sure 
specific issues will present themselves, which will require additional research and 
briefing. The following is intended to be a general outline which will serve as a guideline 
for us as we defend claims for punitive damages brought in State and Federal Court 
against Mr. Epstein. 
I. 
STATE 
State claims for punitive damages are generally regulated by F.S. 768.72; 768.725; 
768.73 and 768.735. 
A. 
PLEADING 
A claimant cannot plead for punitive damages at the outset in the State 
proceeding. However, a claimant can amend, at a later date, to plead for punitive 
damages if there is a reasonable showing by evidence in the record or proffered by the 
claimant which would provide a reasonable basis for recovery of such damages. 
B. 
BURDEN OF PROOF 
Claimant must establish by clear and convincing evidence the entitlement 
to an award of punitive damages. With regard to the amount of damages, the greater 
weight of the evidence — burden of proof applies. 
C. 
DISCOVERY/FINANCIAL NET WORTH 
In Florida, the Rules of Civil Procedure shall be liberally construed so as to 
allow the claimant discovery of evidence which appears reasonably calculated to lead to 
admissible evidence on the issue of punitive damages. 
EFTA00727535
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein Memo re: Punitive Damages 
Page 2 of 6 
No discovery of financial worth shall proceed until after pleading 
concerning punitive damages is permitted. 
It has been my experience that the defense can stipulate with the claimant 
to allow the claimant to go forward with a claim for punitive damages to avoid the proffer 
of harmful evidence which would then appear in the public record. The claimant does 
not have to accept such a stipulation. On some occasions in the past I have proffered a 
stipulation that the defendant can pay any award of punitive damages in order to avoid 
the discovery of the client's finances. If the claimant insists, the court will allow financial 
net worth discovery and there is no way to avoid this. However, it can be limited and 
most courts are willing to listen to reasonable limitations on such discovery depending 
on the ingenuity of defense counsel. 
D. 
LIMITATIONS 
Punitive damages may not exceed the greater of three times the amount 
of compensatory damages awarded to each claimant or the sum of $500,000.00, 
whichever is greater. 
However, where the fact finder determines that at the time of injury the 
defendant had a specific intent to harm the claimant and determines that the 
defendant's conduct did, in fact harm the claimant, there shall be no cap on punitive 
damages. 
E. 
EXCEPTIONS 
If the claim is one based upon child abuse, the judgment for the total amount of 
punitive damages awarded to a claimant may not exceed three times the amount of 
compensatory damages. 
If any award exceeds the limitation specified above, the award is presumed to be 
excessive and the defendant is entitled to remitter of the amount in excess of the 
limitation, unless the claimant demonstrates to the court by clear and convincing 
evidence that the award is not excessive in light of the facts and circumstances that 
were presented to the trier of fact. 
You should note that whether the claim involves one of "child abuse" will need to 
be considered on a case by case basis and what tort theories are presented by each 
claimant. The definition of "child abuse" under the criminal statutes of Florida seems to 
cover most tort claims that one could bring. It is also important to note that if a claim 
falls under the category of "child abuse", the burden of proof is not "greater weight of 
the evidence" when it comes to amounts exceeding the limitation but, rather, clear and 
convincing evidence". 
EFTA00727536
--- PAGE 3 ---
Epstein Memo re: Punitive Damages 
Page 3 of 6 
F. 
BIFURCATION 
State law requires bifurcation of punitive damage issues from the main case and 
thus it would be tried separately. 
G. 
AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSES 
At a minimum we should consider pleading the following affirmative defenses if a 
claimant is allowed to plead for punitive damages: 
1. 
The limitations previously discussed herein; 
2. 
Bifurcation; 
3. 
Constitutional (State and Federal) argument such as: 
(a) 
violation of procedural due process; 
(b) 
violation of substantive due process; 
(c) 
violation of equal protection. 
4. 
Discovery; 
(a) 
violation of our client's right to privacy; 
(b) 
violation of the trade secret privilege 
H. 
JURY INSTRUCTION 
The following is the most pertinent section from approved jury instructions which 
would be given on punitive damages: 
"Punitive damages are warranted if you find by clear 
and convincing evidence that (name) was personally 
guilty of intentional misconduct or gross negligence. 
"Intentional misconduct" means that (name) had actual 
knowledge of the wrongfulness of the conduct and the 
high probability that injury or damage to (claimant) 
would result and, despite that knowledge, intentionally 
pursued that course of conduct, resulting in injury or 
damage. "Gross negligence" means that the conduct 
of (name) was so reckless or wanting in care that it 
constituted a conscious disregard or indifference to 
the life, safety, or rights of persons exposed to such 
conduct". 
EFTA00727537
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein Memo re: Punitive Damages 
Page 4 of 6 
"Clear and convincing evidence" differs from the 
"greater weight of the evidence" in that it is more 
compelling and persuasive. "Greater weight of the 
evidence" means the more persuasive and 
convincing force and effect of the entire evidence in 
the case. In contrast, clear and convincing evidence 
is evidence that is precise, explicit, lacking in 
confusion, and of such weight that it produces a firm 
belief or conviction, without hesitate, about the matter 
at issue". 
II. 
FEDERAL 
A. 
PLEADING 
Claimant can plead for punitive damages immediately without a proffer. 
B. 
BURDEN OF PROOF 
The burden of proof for any Federal claim is a preponderance of the evidence 
which is the same as the greater weight of the evidence in State court. If a Federal 
lawsuit includes a State claim, punitive damages would be assessed in that claim 
according to F.S. 768.72, which we discussed at length under State punitive damages. 
In other words, entitlement would be by clear and convincing evidence and amount 
would be by the greater weight of the evidence, except in cases of child abuse wherein 
the burden of proof on both issues (entitlement and amount) would be clear and 
convincing evidence. It is important to note that in those cases which include a RICO 
claim, punitive damages would not be allowed since RICO involves the trebling of 
compensatory damages, which the courts have ruled as punitive in nature anyway. 
Even if there is a State claim included within the Federal lawsuit which also has a RICO 
claim, then there can be no award of punitive damages on the State claim. 
C. 
DISCOVERY/FINANCIAL NET WORTH 
See discussion under State. Net worth is discoverable. I have seen it limited to 
the extent that the defendant was required to provide a one or two page summary of his 
net worth broken down into general categories such as real estate, stock holdings, etc., 
etc. 
EFTA00727538
--- PAGE 5 ---
Epstein Memo re: Punitive Damages 
Page 5 of 6 
D. 
LIMITATIONS 
There are no express statutory or procedural limitations on the amount of a 
punitive damages award. However, the Supreme Court of the United States has 
indicated that "few awards exceeding a single digit ratio between punitive and 
compensatory damages will satisfy due process". The Supreme Court, in a different 
case, has set forth three guide posts for courts reviewing punitive damages awards. 
They are (1) the degree of reprehensibility of the defendant's conduct; (2) the disparity 
between the actual or potential harm suffered by the plaintiff and the punitive damages 
award; and (3) the difference between the punitive damages awarded by the jury and 
the civil penalties authorized or imposed in comparable cases. The Supreme Court of 
the United States has further indicated that a defendant is to be punished for only the 
case in front of the court at the time and not for conduct related to other claimants in 
other cases. 
There are numerous exceptions to the "single digit rule" and it seems to be 
related to the reprehensibility of the conduct involved. 
In summary, any Federal court is going to look very hard at a punitive damages 
award which exceeds the compensatory damages by eight or nine times. However, 
there is a possibility that such an award could be sustained. 
E. 
BIFURCATION 
Bifurcation is not automatic by statute or rule. However, one can argue for it 
pursuant to 
. 42. 
F. 
AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSES 
See discussion re: state affirmative defenses. 
G. 
JURY INSTRUCTION 
A key section of the pattern jury instructions for the Eleventh Circuit provides as 
follows: 
When assessing punitive damages you must 
be mindful that punitive damages are meant to 
punish the Defendant for the specific conduct 
that harmed the Plaintiff in the case and for 
only that conduct. For example, you cannot 
assess punitive damages for the Defendant 
being a distasteful individual or business. 
EFTA00727539
--- PAGE 6 ---
Epstein Memo re: Punitive Damages 
Page 6 of 6 
Punitive damages are meant to punish the 
Defendant for this conduct only and not for 
conduct that occurred at another time. Your 
only task is to punish the Defendant for the 
actions he took in this particular case. 
III. 
MITIGATING FACTORS 
There are numerous potential mitigating factors with regard to any punitive 
damage claim in any case. If there is an award of punitive damages in one of these 
cases then there is an argument that our client has already been punished and cannot 
be punished again and again and again for the same conduct. The cases do not seem 
to favor an argument for mitigation based on the fact that the client has been convicted 
of a crime and/or spent time in jail. There are many factual mitigating factors here, 
such as the fact that many of these girls lied about their age. Further, many of these 
girls returned again and again and again knowing full well what would be asked of 
them. There is no evidence that our client ever forced himself on any of them. The list 
of other mitigating factors on a factual basis is long. While we might not be allowed to 
rely on them as a defense to abuse of a minor, they certainly would be pertinent in the 
punitive damage phase of any case. 
As I said at the outset, this memo is not intended to be exhaustive and I am sure that 
many issues will present themselves which require additional thought and research as 
we go through this. 
J. MICHAEL BURMAN 
c: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack Goldberger 
EFTA00727540

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727541.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727541.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Jeffrey 
From: 
Harry 
Date: 
June 11, 2009 
The following is a summary regarding "JP Morgan Secondary Private Equity Investors" (Fund): 
Timing: 
In order to invest in the Fund, we must provide subscription documents on or before 
June 30, 2009. 
Strategy : 
The strategy of the Fund is to acquire "seasoned" limited partnership interests in existing private 
equity funds. These private equity funds will be purchased in the secondary market from stressed 
or distressed sellers such as university endowment and other institutional investors. The 
portfolio of the private equity funds will consist of private equity and venture capital of small to 
midsized companies. The funds expect to be able to purchase these assets at deep discount 
prices. Approximately 1/3 of the fund's investments will be seasoned venture capital funds and 
2/3's will be in leverage buyout funds. 
Many of the underlying fund's that the Fund expects to acquire have capital commitments that 
were raised in 2000-2005 and have relatively mature portfolios of underlying company 
investments that have been in the portfolio for several years. 
Operation: 
The Fund will be managed by Larry Unrein, who is currently the head of the Private Equity Fund 
of Funds group at JPM. This group has approximately 40 investment professionals. The Fund will 
have a 3 year investment period to purchase limited partnership interests in the equity funds. 
The Fund anticipates that the commitment of capital will be completed within 18 months of the 
initial closing. The investor will be required to make contributions (up to the commitment 
amount) as the "Fund" invests in new private equity funds or as the existing equity funds desire 
to purchase new assets. The fund must liquidate operation within 10 years (i.e., by June 2019), 
with up to two one-year extensions. 
An investor cannot redeem its interest in the Fund. The investor will receive distributions only 
upon the sale of assets by the private equity funds. 
Investors will pay a 1% management fee on committed capital for years 1-3 (and then fees will be 
reduced by 10% each year afterwards) and a 10% performance fee on profits as they are 
distributed to investors. The performance fee is subject to a claw back at the end of the Fund's 
life, if for any reason the manager has received more than 10% of realized net profits. 
JP Morgan: 
JPM will commit $100,000,000 of its own capital into the Fund. JPM currently owns some of the 
existing private equity funds in various pre-existing fund-of-funds vehicles and in some cases JPM 
sits on the Advisory Boards. This gives JPM the ability to evaluate the current asset portfolio of 
some of the underlying funds. 
Outlook: 
Based on conservative assumptions, JPM typically is looking for a 25% "IRR" assuming the 
markets stay in its current trading ranges. This assumption is based on the low purchase price of 
the underlying assets, on what JPM believes are conservative assumptions about future 
performance of the underlying companies, and the ability to sell assets in the future, either via 
an IPO or to strategic buyers. (If stock indexes (DOW, NASDAQ S&P) rise to its previous levels, 
the fund will potentially have much higher returns). 
EFTA00727541

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727542.pdf
----------------------------------------
JP Morgan China (JPMC) 
Summary• 
JPMC will become the leading China focused investment business, combining 
expertise with access in China, Europe and the US. A full scale China focused 
platform will operate between Beijing, London and New York. All activities of the 
business are aligned with Chinese central economic policy and fully endorsed by 
the Chinese leadership. Chinese partners and clients include China's major State 
Owned and Private Enterprises as well as government entities. 
The Opportunity 
While China is becoming an economic superpower, the interests and activities of 
the country are developing rapidly under tight government directions. China 
today has sufficient capital but lacks the ability to deploy its capital in a coherent 
manner. The opportunity is to provide financial capabilties in a combination of 
world-class financial expertise, global access and deep China knowledge. A major 
area of the JPMC business will stem from a) Chinese companies who are heavily 
encouraged by the government to embark on significant investments in Europe -
especially Germany, UK and Eastern Europe and at a later stage the US - focusing 
on selected industries (natural resources, chemicals, manufacturing, specialised 
services, etc) and b) asset management solutions on a global level. 
Strategy. 
The JPMC strategy is based on a financial platform operating in line with Chinese 
economic policy incorporating major national initiatives including "go global" 
(international 
investments), "western 
region 
development" 
(domestic 
investment in West China), "build global brands" (Chinese companies entering 
Fortune 500), "financial excellence" (global asset management capabilities), etc. 
When new Chinese policies and projects are defined, JPMC must be involved in 
shaping these processes together with the relevant ministries, institutions and 
enterprises, drawing from the JPMC global platform. This is a crucial aspect of 
JPMC and will lead to JPMC becoming the partner, co-investor or service 
provider for major Chinese undertakings. 
JPMC will not to operate as stand alone China business (as incumbent players in 
China), but will instead provide international expertise and know-how for the 
Chinese system by having a global China focused team in Beijing, London and 
New York. 
The key from a Chinese point of view is to work with one team consisting of 
reliable and trustworthy capabilities inside of China AND outside of China in 
those geographies where investments and projects will be undertaken. Hence, 
next to local operations, Chinese and financial expertise must be established in 
Europe and the US. The JPMC strategy bridges the financial, legal and cultural 
barriers that exist between China and the West. 
EFTA00727542
--- PAGE 2 ---
Set Up: 
The planning stages require a method where the Chinese decision makers are 
fully informed in the set up stages of JPMC by seeking their advice and 
endorsement of the operations. This implies that the business is not established 
based on Western logic and obvious market needs, but in connection with the 
most up to date Chinese thinking on economic policy and by fitting into the long 
term plans of Chinese development This is achieved by keeping a very low 
profile in initial conversations with selected leaders at Minister, Vice Minster and 
Director General Level. DS can lead this complete process. 
The initial set up requires two locations. Beijing and London later followed by 
New York. 
3,nrationc• 
Beijing 
The JPMC office in China will be located in Beijing. As capital of China, Beijing is 
the place of power and decision-making. All leaders and institutions essential for 
JPMC are in, or frequent frequently, Beijing. One of the key functions of the JPMC 
Beijing team is to be in constant and close contact with government and policy 
institutions. 
Why not Hong Kong? 
The office should not be in Hong Kong as it is seen as Chinese outpost and is 
Cantonese dominated and therefore not favoured by the Chinese leadership. More 
pressure will be applied to Hong Kong in due course for uncontrolled currency 
outflow and round-tripping (Chinese money leaves China and enters China again 
via Hong Kong as foreign investment and hence taking advantage of foreign 
investment incentives) 
Why not Shanghai? 
Shanghai is the place of the stock exchange and an important financial location. 
However, no key decisions are taken in Shanghai and the city is losing ground 
because the Shanghai development plan has been completed. The former 
leadership (Jiang Zemin and Zhu Rongji) are the Shanghai clique; the current 
leadership (Wen Jiabao and Hu Jintao) are focused on the North East and the West 
of China. The next leadership will most certainly come from the West of China. 
London 
The JPMC operation should be steered from London, taking all input from its 
Beijing office into account This is exactly where the China expertise has to grow, 
and develop and where Chinese leaders, partners and clients need it most! 
Europe is the place which China will embark on with great force (but slowly), 
followed by the US.. 
EFTA00727543
--- PAGE 3 ---
Staff 
The JPMC team will be a core team led by DS who will be based in the JPM 
London office with frequent visits to the Beijing office. The JPMC team operates 
as extremely efficient platform making full use of the existing JPM resources 
available depending on the types of projects. 
The Beijing office will be lead by a highly experienced finance professional who 
has been deeply involved in the development of the Chinese banking sector in 
the last decade. He must have served at least 5 years in a major SOE or 
government ministry as part of his career. He, and all Beijing team members 
must a) be from mainland China (not Hong Kong or Taiwan) b) be native Chinese 
speakers c) have grown up in different provinces and speak different dialects 
and d) come from a range of backgrounds with a focus on finance, accountancy, 
legal and junior government posts. 
The Europe team based in London must have deep China expertise and 
experience in the financial and industrial sectors in China. This team should 
mostly be Chinese speakers and consist of Westerners and Overseas Chinese 
(recruiting Chinese nationals from business schools etc). 
The JPMC Europe team will identify JPM professionals who have affinities with 
China and incorporate them in this network which will be utilised according to 
the projects. In addition the Europe team may build an advisory board of "old 
China hands" such as Lord Powell of Bayswater, Lord Mandelson, Edmund 
Stoiber, etc. 
The key Chinese institutions that will be approached in the set up of JPMC 
include: 
- 
State Council 
Ministry of Commerce 
National Development and Reform Commission 
Ministry of Finance 
Chinese Embassy in the European Union (ambassador former right hand 
man to the current Chinese Premier) 
EFTA00727544

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727545.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
AFFIDAVIT OF JACK GOLDBERGER, ESQ 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
) SS 
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH 
) 
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, personally appeared Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
having personal knowledge and being duly sworn, deposes and says: 
I. 
I, Jack Goldberger, hired Story Cowles on July 16, 2008 and he has worked for 
me since that time. 
2. 
I hired Mr. Cowles as law office assistant to be directly involved only with Mr. 
Epstein's case while he was serving his jail sentence at the Palm Beach County Stockade. I 
employed Mr. Cowles to be, among other things, a conduit for information between the attorneys 
(criminal and civil) and Mr. Epstein. 
3. 
I have used Mr. Cowles to transmit attorney-client and work product information 
and documents to Mr. Epstein and other attorneys representing Mr. Epstein with the clear 
EFTA00727545
--- PAGE 2 ---
understating and belief that the communications among Mr. Epstein, his attorneys and staff 
would be protected by the attorney-client and work product privileges. 
FURTHER THE AFFIANT SAYETH NAUGHT. 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH 
I hereby Certify that on this day, before me, an officer duly authorized to administer 
oaths and take acknowledgments, personally appeared Jack Goldberger known to me to be the 
person described in and who executed the foregoing Affidavit, who acknowledged before me 
that he/she executed the same, that I relied upon the following form of identification of the above 
named person: 
, and that an oath was/was not taken. 
WITNESS my hand and official seal in the County and State last aforesaid this 
day of 
, 2010. 
PRINT NAME:  
(SEAL) 
NOTARY PUBLIC/STATE OF FLORIDA 
COMMISSION NO.: 
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES: 
EFTA00727546

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727547.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-ev-80119-MARRAMM 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
/ 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
/ 
NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorney will take the 
videotaped deposition of: 
DEPONENT 
DATE & TIME 
LOCATION OF 
DEPOSITION 
Jane Doe #4 
do Mermelstein & Horowitz PA 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
Septet- 16, 2009 
at 1:00 PM 
Burman Critton Luther & 
Coleman, LLC 
303 Banyan Boulevard 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33160 
upon oral examination, before Prose Court Reporting Agency, a Notary Public, or any 
other officer authorized by law to take depositions in the State of Florida. The oral, 
videotaped examination is being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for 
such other purposes as are permitted under the applicable Statutes of Ryes of Court. 
tton, Jr. 
Attorney for Defendant Epstein 
EFTA00727547
--- PAGE 2 ---
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the foregoing document is being served this day on all 
counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
electronic mail (e-mail) on this it day of August, 2009 
Respectfully sub 
, 
• 
. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida B No. 224162 
rcrit@bc1claw.com 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
pipike@bc1claw.com 
BURMAN, CRTITON, LUTTIER & 
COLEMAN 
515 N. Hagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey E stein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA 
Swan S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mennelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
Counsel for Plaintiffs 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119, 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 
08-80994 
Edwards, Esq 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-522-3456 
Fax: 954-527-8663 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
EFTA00727548
--- PAGE 3 ---
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
229010' Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
561-582-7600 
Fax: 561-588-8819 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case 
08-80811 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
Co coons¢ lotali
l
tt Jane Doe 
Isidro M.E., Esq. 
No. MI 
Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datum Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561-832-7137 F 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P.M, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Bamhart & Shipley, 
P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
561-686-6300 
Fax: 561-383-9424 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-202-6360 
Fax: 561-828-0983 
Counsel for Defendant 
08-80469 
I
C. Josefsberg, Fsq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
305 358-2800 
Fax: 305 358-2382 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
Counselor De
 Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00727549

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727550.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80893CIV —MARRS 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CROSS-NOTICE OF TAKING 
VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the Plaintiff, JANE DOE, will take the deposition of 
MIR 
on, September 3, 2009, at 9:00 a.m., at: 
Searcy Denney Scarola 
Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
The deposition shall be conducted pursuant to the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 
and shall continue day to day, weekends and holidays excepted, until completed. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
by U.S. Mail and email transmission this Q7 day of August, 2009 to all those on the 
attached Service List. 
EFTA00727550
--- PAGE 2 ---
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Tel: (954) 522-3456 
Fax: (954) 527-8663 
Email: 
By: 
EDWARDS, ESQ. 
on a Bar No.: 542075 
cc: 
Esquire Court Reports 
EFTA00727551

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727552.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
CROSS NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that on March 8, 2010 at 10:00 AM at Gallerla 
International, 301 Clematis Street, Suite 3000, West Palm Beach, FL 33401, the 
undersigned attorney will take the deposition of: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
upon oral examination, before, Universal Legal, Notary Public, or any other Notary 
Public or Officer duly authorized by law to take depositions in the State of Florida. The 
oral examination will continue from day to day until completed. The deposition is being 
taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or both of the foregoing, or for such 
other purposes as are permitted under the applicable and governing rules. 
EFTA00727552
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119-MARFtA/JOHNSON 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing was served by e-mail on March 1, 
2010 to: See attached service list. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
fax 
By: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00727553

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727554.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727554.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 111 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05,21.2009 
Page 1 of 6 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
EFTA00727554
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 111 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/21/2009 
Page 2 of 6 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80994-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80993-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
C.M.A., 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80811 -MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al., 
Defendant. 
DOE II, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV- 80469-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
EFTA00727555
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 111 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/21/2009 
Page 3 of 6 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al., 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80591-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80656-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
PLAINTIFFS' JANE DOES 2-7 MOTION FOR ENLARGEMENT 
OF TIME TO RESPOND TO DEFENDANT'S MOTION TO COMPEL 
AND/OR IDENTIFY JANE DOE IN THE STYLE ET AL 
Plaintiffs, JANE DOES 2-7, by and through their undersigned counsel, hereby file this 
Motion for Enlargement of Time to Respond to Defendant's Motion to Compel and/or Identify 
Jane Doe in the Style of this Case and Motion to Identify Jane Doe in Third Party Subpoenas for 
Purposes of Discovery, or Alternatively Motion to Dismiss Sua Sponte, and state as follows: 
I. 
Defendant Epstein filed his Motion to Compel and/or Identify Jane Doe in the 
Style, et al., in the cases brought by Jane Does No. 2-7 ("Does 2-7") on May 5 and 6, 2009. 
Under S.D.Ra.L.R. 7.1(C), Does No. 2-7' response is due on May 22, 2009. 
2. 
Plaintiffs request an additional twenty (20) days to respond to the Motion to 
EFTA00727556
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 111 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/21/2009 
Page 4 of 6 
Compel and/or Identify Jane Doe in the Style, et al. This request for enlargement of time of 
twenty (20) days is necessitated primarily by Plaintiffs desire to have the psychiatric expert who 
examined the Plaintiffs consider the issue of their public identification and, if appropriate, submit 
an expert declaration in response to the relief sought in the Defendant's Motion. 
The 
enlargement of time requested is sought to provide the expert with adequate time to perform this 
work. 
3. 
Additionally, Plaintiffs' counsel has conflicts with other cases and matters which 
necessitate additional time for a response, including, without limitation, a special set hearing and 
upcoming trial in John Doe 6 v. Diocese of Orlando, case no. 48-2005-010138-0, Ninth Judicial 
Circuit for Orange County, Florida; and an upcoming deadline to file Appellant's initial Brief in 
Jane Doe v. Florida International University Board of Trustees case no. 3D09-414, Florida Third 
District Court of Appeals. 
4. 
Plaintiffs' counsel has conferred with Defendant's counsel, Robert Critton and 
Michael Pike, regarding this request for extension of time. 
While Defendant's counsel 
represented that Defendant would consent to an extension of time of one (I) week, until May 29, 
2009, Defendant opposes any further extension of time. 
The grounds stated by Defendant's 
counsel for opposing the extension of time requested concern the relief sought in Defendant's 
Motion to Strike Cases from the Current Trial Docket, filed on May 19, 2009. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiffs Jane Doe Nos. 2-7 respectfully request an enlargement of time 
until June 11, 2009 to file their response to Defendant's Motion to Compel and/or Identify Jane 
Doe in the Style, et aL, and for such other and further relief this Court deems just and proper. 
Dated: May 21, 2009 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
s/ Stuart S. Mermelstein 
Stuart S. Mermelstein (FL Bar No. 947245) 
EFTA00727557
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 111 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/21/2009 
Page 5 of 6 
Adam D. Horowitz (FL Bar No. 376980)
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami, Florida 33160 
Tel: 
Fax: 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on May 21, 2009, I electronically filed the foregoing document with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served 
this day to all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either via transmission 
of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for 
those parties who are not authorized to receive electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
/s/ Stuart S. Mermelstein 
EFTA00727558
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 111 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/21/2009 
Page 6 of 6 
SERVICE LIST 
DOE vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
/s/ Stuart S. Mermelstein 
EFTA00727559

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727560.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727560.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 27, 2010 
VIA EMAIL ( 
and First Class Mail 
uan Pablo Molyneux 
Molyneux Studio, Ltd. 
c/o Jay Goldberg, Esq. 
250 Park Avenue 
Suite 2020 
New York, New York 10177 
Re: 
Agreement for Design Services dated May 15, 2009 ("Design 
Services Agreement") by and among Juan Pablo Molyneux, J.P. 
Molyneux Studio, Ltd. (collectively, "Molyneux"), L.S.J., LLC 
("LSI") and leffrey Epstein ("Epstein") 
This is in regard to the above-referenced Design Services Agreement. Among 
other things, Sections 5 and 8 of the Design Services Agreement require that 
Molyneux furnish and cause to be properly installed and completed at the Office 
Pavilion (as defined in the Design Services Agreement) by January 1, 2010 all of the 
items listed on Exhibit B to the Design Services Agreement and that the Office 
Pavilion will be completed to Epstein's reasonable satisfaction by January 1, 2010. 
Molyneux, LSJ and Epstein (the "Parties") previously agreed to extend that January 
1, 2010 deadline until February 1, 2010. This will confirm that due to delays 
attributable to all of the Parties, the Parties have agreed to further extend that 
deadline until April 15, 2010. All other provisions of the Design Services Agreement 
shall remain in full force and effect. 
Please confirm your agreement to the foregoing by executing this letter in the 
space provided below and returning the same to Darren K. Indyke, Esq., 301 East 
66th Street, 10B, New York, New York 
10065, fax:I 
email: 
Sincerely, 
Jeffrey Epstein 
and L.S.J., LLC 
AGREED TO BY: 
Juan Pablo Molyneux, individually, 
and on behalf of J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. 
EFTA00727560

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727561.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727561.pdf
----------------------------------------
10/26/2010 9:18:41 AM 
FROM: LABCORP LCLS BLK TO: 12125351172 LABCORP 
Page 3 of 4 
LabgPip 
PattraiNuite 
EPSTEIN, JESTREY 
speommmmew 
294-142-3828-0 
Maria Swab,. 
31143092 
PatNita ID 
Coatrol 1•11Tilbet 
AE/01143392 
DM< tad Time Collected 
10/21/10 09:00 
Date Repotted 
10/26/10 
Sea 
M 
AsianAM/ 
59/09/01 
Date of Sal 
01/20/51 
LabCorp Raritan 
First Avenue 
Raritan NJ 08869-1800
Phone: 800-631-5250 
TESTS 
RESULT 
Negative 
Negative 
Negative 
Negative 
Negative 
0.2 
Negative 
FLAG 
UNITS 
RICTERENCE INTERVAL 
IAS 
Protein 
Glucose 
Ketones 
Occult Blood 
Bilirubin 
Urobilinogen,Semi-On 
Nitrite, Urine 
Microscopic Examination 
Microscopic follows if indicated. 
Lipid Panel With LDL/HDL Ratio 
Cholesterol, Total 
Triglycerides 
RDL Cholesterol 
Comment 
According to ATP-III 
negative risk factor 
VLDL Cholesterol Cal 
LDL Cholesterol Cale 
LDL/HDL Ratio 
EU/dL 
Negative/Trace 
Negative 
Negative 
Negative 
Negative 
0.0 - 1.9 
Negative 
226 
Nigh 
mg/dL 
100 - 199 
996 
Sigh 
mg/dL 
0- 149 
Low 
mg/dL 
>39 
Guidelines, 
for CHD. 
HDL-C >59 mg/dL is considered a 
High 
mg/dL 
- 40 
116 
High 
mg/dL 
- 99 
3.7 
High 
ratio units 
0.0 - 3.6 
C-Reactive Protein, Cardiac 
0.79 
Relative Risk for 
mg/L 
0.00 - 3.00 
Future Cardiovascular Event 
Low 
<1.00 
Average 
High 
1.00 - 3.00 
>3.00 
Glyaohemoglobio (01b),Total 
Glycohemoglobin (GHb), Total 
6.4 
i 
<9.0 
Diabetic Adult 
<9.0 
Healthy Adult 
3.9 - 7.3 
(DCCT/NGSP) 
Current ADA guidelines recommend a treatment goal of 
<7.0% HgbAlc for diabetic patients, which corresponds 
to a <9.0% Glycohemoglobin result with this method. 
Prostate—Specific Ag, Serum 
Prostate Specific Ag, Serum 
0.7 
ng/mL 
0.0 - 4.0 
Roche ECLIA methodology. 
According to the American Urological Association, Serum PSA should 
decrease and remain at undetectable levels after radical 
prostatectomy. The AUA defines biochemical recurrence as an initial 
PSA value 0.2 ng/mL or greater followed by a subsequent confirmatory 
PSA value 0.2 ng/mL or greater. 
Values obtained with different assay methods or kits cannot be used 
interchangeably. Results cannot be interpreted as absolute evidence 
of the presence or absence of malignant disease. 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
294-142-382B-0 
Seq 12713 
10/26/10 10:17 ET 
DUPLICATE FINAL REPORT 
Ths d0CIAINIX COO Win pave Le and confideanal health infoonatIon pothered by salt and federal 
If you have received this document mtITOT. plea se call 000-745-0233 
Page 2 of 3 
O20Ot1 10 Labotateey Cot potation d manta e Moldangs 
All Rights Reserved 
DOC1 Vet. 1..13 
EFTA00727561
--- PAGE 2 ---
LO/26/2010 9:18:41 AM 
FROM: LABCORP LCLS 8LK TO: 12125351172 LABCORP 
Page 4 of 4 
LabCcarp 
RmeniNnu 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
SpeommNumber 
294-142-3828-0 
Aco Numbed 
31143092 
Itieml115 
I 
CommINumbet 
AEA31143092 
I DveasTimeColleced 
10/21/10 09:00 
I DueReponed 
10/26/10 
Su l
M 
AgeffAVD) 
59/09/01 
DareaBirth 
01/20/51 
TESTS 
RESULT 
FLAG 
UNITS 
REFERENCE INTERVAL 
LAB 
Vitamin D, 25—Hydroxy 
26.9 
Low 
ng/mL 
32.0 
100.0 
Recent studies consider the lower limit of 
threshold for optimal health. 
32.0 ng/mL to be a 
Hollis BW. J Nutr. 2005 Feb;135(2):317-22. 
Homosyst(e)ine, Plasma 
12.9 
umol/L 
0.0 - 15.0 
TSH 
2.040 
uIU/ral, 
0.450 - 4.500 
Lp-PLA2 
Low 
ng/mL 
131 - 199 
Low Risk 
<200 
Moderate Risk 
200 - 235 
High Risk 
>235 
Uric Acid, Serum 
7.1 
mg/dL 
2.4 - 8.2 
greatine Rinams,Total,Rerum 
162 
U/L 
- 204 
LabCorp Raritan 
First Avenue 
Raritan NJ 08869-1800 
Phone: 800-631-5250 
RN 
LabCorp Raritan 
First Avenue, Raritan. NJ 
BN 
LabCorp Burlington 
1447 York Court, Burlington, 
For inquiries, the physician may contact 
08869-1800 
Dir: Michael Mahoney, MD 
Dir: William F Hancock, MD 
NC 27215-3361 
Branch: 800-745-0233 Lab: 800-631-5250 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
294-142-3828-0 
Sol I VD 
10/26/10 10:17 ET 
DUPLICATE FINAL REPORT 
nes documenrccatabs private an0 confidential health Information protected by sure and federal law. 
If you bete received this document in error, please cal) 800-745-0233 
Page 3 of 3 
O2004--10 Labial coy Corporation of America a Holdings 
AU Rights Reserved 
DCCI Vet: 1.43 
EFTA00727562
--- PAGE 3 ---
S 
I 
• s 
I 
10/26/2010 9:18:40 AM 
FROM: LABCORP LCLS BLK TO: 12125351172 LABCORP 
TO: KIMBERLY 
Woodson Merrell 
Page 1 of 4 
LabCorp Raritan 
First Avenue 
Raritan N 08869-1800 
Phone.800 -762 -4344 
SpsismaNimber 
294-142-3820-0 
PussiM 
CattedNmbor 
60126177866 
AamorNmiber 
31143092 
AossaMmuNtrather 
212-535-1012 
Route 
NpoLamNam 
EPSTEIN 
mwmankiens 
Woodson Merrell 
E 67th St 
New York NY 10065 
Puna Pest Nast 
JETTAZY 
Peace Mittlae Name 
Domani 
Ft•ealheta 
212-772-9461 
Told Volume 
Age (YAM 
59/09/01 
Date of Binh 
01/20/51 
Sex 
Faint 
Yes 
hen Address 
6110 RED HOOK QUARTERS 
SAINT THOMAS VI 00802 
Addax./ information 
RC: ,HS: ,TP: ,PP: ,CT: 
UPIN: A62553 
DessedThaCollacid 
10/21/10 09:00 
DueBotem 
10/22/10 
Due aed The Rmoned 
10/26/10 09:14ET 
Obrialw/han 
MERRELL 
, 
W 
RN 
1023/53509 
Mye0wID 
MERRELL 
TestrOrdeeed 
Arsenic, Blood; Mercury, Blood 
TESTS 
RESULT 
FLAG 
UNITS 
REFERENCE INTERVAL 
LAB 
Arsenic, Blood 
Mercury, Blood 
2.7 
ug/L 
- 23 
Detection Limit - 1 
ug/L 
0.0 - 14.9 
Environmental Exposure: <15.0 
Occupational Exposure: 
BEI - Inorganic Mercury: 15.0 
Detection Limit 
1.0 
BN 
LabCorp Burlington 
Dir: William F Hancock, MD 
1447 York Court, Burlington, NC 27215-3361 
For inquiries, the physician may contact Branch: 800-746-0233 Lab: 800-762-4344 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
294-142-3820-0 
scorn 
10/26/10 10:17 ET 
DUPLICATE FINAL REPORT 
The document MUSS IMVISt and confidenbal health Informatiat prolixled by state and federal law. 
U you have xeceived this document 111 error, please an 800-745-0233 
Page 1 of 1 
02004-10 Laboratory Capaation of AMISS • Holdings 
AU Rights Reserved 
DOCI Va: 143 
EFTA00727563
--- PAGE 4 ---
1.0/26/2010 9:18:40 AM 
FROM: LABCORP LCLS BLK TO: 12125351172 LABCORP 
Page 2 of 4 
Lots.Cfarp 
SpainsoNsselm 
294-142-3828-0 
IssmotS, 
CamgMmbet 
AEA31143092 
AcmoaNwthot 
31143092 
AcoomPkaeNabot 
Room 
212-536-1012 
Nom Um Nine 
EPSTEIN 
Accooa Address 
Woodson Merrell 
E 67th St 
New York NY 10065 
NoraPimMuse 
JEFFREY 
ftleaMakRerot 
Power SN 
Aden Roos 
212-772-9461 
Toed Vsne 
NaNAMW 
59/09/01 
lameolBleo 
01/20/51 
Sea 
M 
Fan 
Yes 
posommem 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS 
SAINT THOMAS VI 00802 
mmikaumwaamw 
UPIN: A62553 
Due sod Tem Cada& 
10/21/10 09:00 
Cep Sewed 
10/22/10 
Dee sod Time Repined 
10/26/10 09: 14ET 
Pftsiol so Nine 
MERRELL . W 
KM 
1023153509 
Mosioso ID 
MERRELL 
LabCorp Raritan 
First Avenue 
Raritan, N 08869-1800 
Phone:800-631-5250
Taw Wend 
Comp. Metabolic Panel (14); Urinalysis, 
Routine; Lipid Panel With LDL/MDL Ratio; C-Reactive 
Protein, Cardiac; Glycohemoglobin (OW ,Total; Prostate-Specif .c Ag, Serum; Vitamin D, 
25-Hydroxy; Homocyst(e)ine, Plasma; 1551 Lp-PLA2; Uric Acid, Serum; Gneiss.). Plasma; Creatine 
Ki nose. Tot ol,Sorum 
TESTS 
RESULT 
FLAG 
UNITS 
REFERENCE INTERVAL 
MB 
Corp. Metabolic Panel (14) 
Glucose, Plasma 
BUN 
Creatinine, Serum 
eGFR 
eGFR AfricanAmerican 
1.11 
>59 
>59 
mg/dL 
mg/dL 
mg/dL 
mL/min/1.73 
mL/min/1.73 
- 99 
- 26 
0.76 - 1.27 
>59 
>59 
Note: Persistent reduction for 3 months or more in an eGFR 
<60 mL/min/1.73 m2 defines CKD. Patients with eGFR values 
>1-60 mL/min/1.73 m2 may also have CKD if evidence of persistent 
proteinuria is present. Additional information may be found at 
www.kdogi.org. 
BUN/Creatinine Ratio 
- 27 
Sodium, Serum 
139 
mmol/L 
135 - 145 
Potassium, Serum 
4.1 
mmol/L 
3.5 - 5.2 
Chloride, Serum 
mmol/L 
- 108 
Carbon Dioxide, Total 
mmol/L 
- 32 
Calcium, Serum 
9.8 
m
dll: 
8.7 - 10.2 
Protein, Total, Serum 
Albumin, Serum 
7.6 
4.4 
g/dL 
c:I i 
6.0 - 8.5 
3.5 - 5.5 
Globulin, Total 
3.2 
g/dL 
1.5 - 4.5 
A/G Ratio 
1.4 
1.1 - 2.5 
Bilirubin, Total 
0.9 
mg/dL 
0.0 - 1.2 
Alkaline Phosphatase, S 
IU/L 
150 
AST (SGOT) 
IU/L 
ALT (SGPT) 
IU/L 
- 55 
Urinalysis, Routine 
Urinalysis Gross Exam 
Specific Gravity 
1.017 
1.005 - 1.030 
pH 
6.0 
5.0 - 7.5 
Urine-Color 
Yellow 
Yellow 
Appearance 
Clear 
Clear 
NBC Esterase 
Negative 
Negative 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
10/26/10 10:17 ET 
DUPLICATE FINAL REPORT 
Ilas document cooralas private and confidential health Information protected by state and federal law. 
If reline received this document in C11Of. please call S00-745-0233 
294-142-3828-0 
Seq /inn 
Page 1 of 3 
02004- 10 Laboratory Corporation of America (2, Holding 
AU Righu Reserved 
DOC1 Vet: 1.41 
EFTA00727564

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727565.pdf
----------------------------------------
anal
Quest 
Diagnostic® 
GUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED 
CLIENT SERVICE 800.631.1390 
SPECIMEN INFORMATION 
SPECIMEN: AH294966 
REQUISITION: 
COLLECTED: 11/18/2010 
RECEIVED: 
11/19/2010 
REPORTED: 
12/01/2010 
11:30 
03:05 
08:16 
PATIENT INFORMATION 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
DOB: 01/20/1953 AGE: 57 
GENDER: M FASTING: N 
PHONE: 212.750.9895 
REPORT 
ST 'ATI:S 
FINAL 
ORDERING PHYSICIAN 
CLIENT INFORMATION 
T11886 
WOODSON MERRELL, M.D. 
E 67TH STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10065 
10013575 
Test Name 
LIPID PANEL 
CHOLESTEROL, TOTAL 
HDL CHOLESTEROL 
CHOLESTEROL/HDL RATIO 
LDL CHOL, CALCULATED 
See footnote 1 
TRIGLYCERIDES 
FSH 
LH 
PROGESTERONE 
CORTISOL,III. 
CORTISOL (AM) 
DHEA SULFATE 
CARDIO CRP (R) 
Low relative 
guidelines. 
See footnote 2 
HEMOGLOBIN Ale 
In Range 
Out of Range 
Reference Range 
199 
125-200 mg/dL 
h 
>=40 mg/dL 
7.7 
< = 5.0 
<130 mg/dL 
LDL is not calculated when Triglycerides are 
>400 mg/dL. A direct measure of LDL 
Cholesterol may be ordered on this specimen 
by calling Quest Diagnostics Incorporated 
Client Service Department at 1-800-631-1390 
within the next five days. 
679 
H 
<150 mg/dL. 
4.3 
1.6-8.0 mIU/mL 
5.6 
1.5-9.3 mIU/mL 
<0.5 
<1.4 ng/mL 
12.4 
222 
0.9 
cardiovascular 
Reference Range: 
4.0-22.0 mcg/dL 
25-240 mcg/dL 
mg/L 
risk according to AHA/CDC 
< 5.7% 
5.7-6.0% 
6.1-6.4% 
> OR = 6.5% 
5.8 
Percent 
Decreased risk of diabetes 
Increased risk of diabetes 
Higher risk of diabetes 
Consistent with diabetes 
Lab 
TBR 
TBR 
TBR 
TBR 
TBR 
TBR 
TBR 
TBR 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY - AH294966 
0•010.14•01/ 
I. I tv): 
MC 1. • ..... 
D.rynooll ', el. ate re rric• - vis u'0truCioarasif. 
r 
Page 1 - Continued on Page 2 
MiflOMS rm.) 003100)1411. Re.ed LO Uri 11552, 
EFTA00727565
--- PAGE 2 ---
A4ipik Quest 
i‘R;f 1)iagnostici,; 
QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED 
SPECIMEN INFORMATION 
SPECIMEN: AH294966 
COLLECTED: 11/18/2010 
11:30 
REPORTED: 
12/01/2010 
08:16 
FAT'ENT INFORMAT:ON 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY
-
DOB: 01/20/1953 AGE: 57 
GENDER: M FASTING: N 
REPORT STATUS FINAL 
ORDERING PHYSICIAN 
CLIENT INFORMATION 
T11886 
10013575 
Teat Name 
In Range 
Out of Range 
Reference Range 
Lab 
VITAMIN D,25-0H,LC/MS/MS 
TBR 
VITAMIN D, 25-OH, TOTAL 
30-100 ng/mL 
VITAMIN D, 25-OH, D3 
ng/mL 
VITAMIN D, 25-OH, D2 
<4 
ng/mL 
25-OHD3 indicates both endogenous production and 
supplementation. 25-OHD2 is an indicator of exogenous 
sources such as diet or supplementation. Therapy is based on 
measurement of Total 25-OHD, with levels <20 ng/mL indicative 
of Vitamin D deficiency, while levels between 20 ng/mL and 
ng/mL suggest insufficiency. Optimal levels are 
a or = 30 ng/mL. 
MAGNESIUM,RBC 
4.7 
4.0-6.4 mg/dL 
ESTRADIOL, LC/MS/MS 
ESTRADIOL,LC/MS/MS 
c2 
< OR = 29 pg/mL 
TESTOSTERON,FR/TOT,LCMSMS 
TESTOSTERONE,TOTAL 
1/-(1-1. 
250-1100 ng/dL 
TESTOSTERONE,%,FREE 
3.28 H 
1.50-2.20 % 
TESTOSTERONE,FREE 
45.9 
35.0-155.0 pg/mL 
POOTNOTE(S): 
Desirable range is <100 mg/dL for patients with coronary 
heart disease (CHD) or diabetes, and <70 mg/dL for diabetic 
patients with known CHD. 
For Ages >17 Years: 
CCRP mg/L 
<1.0 
1.0 - 3.0 
3.1 - 10.0 
>10.0 
Risk according to AHA/CDC guidelines 
Low cardiovascular risk 
Average cardiovascular risk 
High cardiovascular risk 
Persistent elevations may represent 
non-cardiovascular inflammation 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY - AH294966 
Page 2 - Continued on Page 3 
AMD 
QNI 
AMD 
at ....m 244.nil 
r• • tt tt yea 
,,,,, It awl :;•41. 
ct ke.• n.. rho 1,1tro it 
tat Cufrpnion vow-wed Nu"... town, 00esill Emu. Ea SCE OSSEO 
EFTA00727566
--- PAGE 3 ---
 Quest 
Diagnostics 
QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED 
SPECIMEN INFORMATION 
SPECIMEN: AH294966 
COLLECTED: 11/18/2010 
11:30 
REPORTED: 
12/01/2010 
08:16 
PATIENT INFORMATION 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
DOB: 01/20/1953 AGE: 57 
GENDER: M FASTING: N 
REPORT STATUS FINAL 
ORDERING PHYSICIAN 
CLIENT INFORMATION 
T11886 
10013575 
PERFORMING LABORATORY INFORMATION: 
AND Quest Diagnostics Nichols Chantilly 14225 Newbrook Drive Chantilly VA 20151 
Laboratory Director: Kenneth Steno, MD.PhD CLIA No: 49D0221801 
0' Quest Diagnostics. Nichols Institute 
33608 Ortega Highway San Juan Capistrano CA 92675 
Laboratory Director: Dr. Jon M. Nakamoto CLIA No: 0600643152 
TBR Quest Diagnostics One Malcolm Avenue Teterboro NJ 07608 Laboratory Director: William E. Tarr, M.D. 
CLIA NO: 31D0696246 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY - AM294966 
Page 3 - End of Report 
Nestauro 0*. ItitiCS thip etinCliNt 
•1 Mtn salad Ownt 0.11000 writs aoli .• barns.. of OunID wean 
C. Own, Duran. 
Funcraut Mugmt 
CDX00)MTL OreutliAil SCM.1116.)0 
EFTA00727567
--- PAGE 4 ---
It* 
Ank Quest 
Diagnostics 
PATIENT INFORMATION 
REPORT STATUS FINAL 
94.40440n43 
QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED 
CLIENT SERVICE 900.631.1390 
SPECIMEN INFORMATION 
SPECIMEN: F9284662 
REQUISITION: 
COLLECTED: 11/18/2010 
RECEIVED: 
11/19/2010 
REPORTED: 
11/22/2010 
NONE 
02:42 
08:15 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
DOB: 01/20/1953 AGE: 57 
GENDER: M FASTING: N 
PHONE: 212.750.9895 
ORDERING PHYSICIAN 
CLIENT INFORMATION 
T11886 
WOODSON MERRELL, M.D. 
E 67TH STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10065 
10013575 
Test Name 
CALCIUM 
PTILINTACT 
Interpretive Guide 
Normal Parathyroid Function 
Hypoparathyroidism 
Primary Hyperparathyroidism 
Secondary Hyperparathyroidism,
Tertiary Hyperparathyroidism 
Non-Parathyroid Hypercalcemia 
PERFORMING LABORATORY INFORMATION: 
TBR Quest Diagnostics One Malcolm Avenue Teterboro NJ 07608 Laboratory Director; William C. Tart, M.D. 
CLIA 
No: 3100696246 
In Range 
9.4 
Out of Range 
Intact PTH 
Normal 
Low or Low Normal 
Normal or High 
-4Hig
High 
Low or Low Normal 
Reference Range 
8.6-10.2 mg/dL 
10-65 pg/mL 
Calcium 
Normal 
Low 
High 
Normal or Low 
High 
High 
Lab 
TBR 
TBR 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY - F9284662 
QOM Qt•R0•prariXt 
aint.nedsryparyl 
• 'naiad 0.6610•1•0100 Mt 
4,4 f, VOC~A 01 1LOSt 0 *et 
Page 1 - End of Report 
r 00.6 014r>6101.60,PV010 Al re, row.** C0Mmointstruasos sem 
ssm 
EFTA00727568
--- PAGE 5 ---
icej omibiox
Quest 
Diagnostici 
Date of Report: 1(/20/2010 
Patient Name: 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
Specimen: F9284662 
Patient ID: NG 
Age: 57 Sex: M 
Intact Parathyroid Hormone 
and Total Calcium 
Patient Results 
Intact PTH 
Nonni Raw I645 print 
82.00 
(ps/mU 
Calcium 
Norma Reap It 41n.2 nal 
9.40 
(mg/dLI 
Quest Diagnostics 
One Malcolm Avenue 
Teterboro, New Jersey 07608-1070 
800.631.1390 
111886 10013575 
WOODSON MERRELL, M.D. 
E 67TH STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10065 
10000 
NOD 
—1000 
500 
to 
'al 00 
cl$ 
a 
I 
ID 
Quest Track 
Ordering Physician: 
Route: 10013575 
Account Number: 
T11886 
_ _ 
. 
. 
- • 
_ 
- 
. . ..._ 
— 
. 
, - 
— 
_ 
. 
. 
. 
-- 
. __I__. _ __
- . 
— 
. 
_ 
_ 
• 
Normal 
. .— .. ._ - 
.._ 
_____ ... ___. _ _ 
. 
2.0 
4.0 
6.0 
8.0 
10.0 
12.0 
Total Calcium (mg/dL) 
14.0 
161 
Legend 
A Primary or Tertiary Hyperparathyroidism 
O Hypercalcemia of Malignancy 
o Secondary Hypctparathyroidism 
o Hypoparathyroidism 
Patient Result 
°DUN graphwal repreventativin 61101 intended to whniiine for the Clink-al Laboratory Report which may contain mtne ,vmplete information. 
Rekren.< value. on the graph above am from a proprimaty data Nei Pruin QM'S DiallflOsIk.‘ Nkholvlivaitute. Intact PTII value. pk*icd on the. graph were analyied uving an Watt Mt IRMA away 
Mime performance chatactetivtics are very similar to the DPC method currently utilized al Quest Diugnomks. 
Qum'. Que,1 040•70o.tht erwitiol01 too and all awn.iated Quni Disziwnlin maks are Mr iniurrm leaden ...of Quem Iliapcnll., lucutpors101. 
2010 Queo Olatvevin Inmeponsied. All 'Liens (mind. 
EFTA00727569

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727570.pdf
----------------------------------------
Quest 
Diagnostics,
QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED 
CLIENT SERUICE 800.631.1390 
SPECIMEN INFORMATION 
SPECIMEN: X46712534 
REQUISITION: 
COLLECTED: 03/03/2010 
11:50 
RECEIUED: 
03/03/2010 
21:07 
REPORTED: 
03/09/2010 
17:30 
PATIENT INFORMATION 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY 
DOB: 01/20/1953 AGE: 57 
GENDER: M FASTING: 
PHONE: 212.750.9895 
REPORT STATUS PARTIAL 
REPRINT 
ORDERING PHYSICIAN 
CLIENT INFORMATION 
T11886 
WOODSON MERRELL, M D. 
E 67TH STREET 
NEW YORK. NY 10065 
10013650 
The original copy of this report was printed on: 03/09/2010 at 08:16 
Patient results contained In a facsimile or electronic 
medical report are provided only upon the request of the 
physician or authorized person. Facsimile or electronic 
medical reports that are created before the final results 
aro reported are considered to be INTERIM RESULTS ONLY and 
are subject to change by the laboratory. 
Test Name 
In Range 
1GF-I 
151 
FSH 
3.7 
LH 
4.1 
PROLACTIN 
2.6 
PROGESTERONE 
1.1 
DHEA SULFATE 
182 
TESTOSTERON,FR/TOT,LCMSMS 
TESTOSTERONE, TOTAL 
188 
L 
250-1100 ng/dL 
Out of Range 
Reference Range 
87-Z25 ng/mL 
1.6-8.0 mIU/nL 
1.5-9.3 miU/mL 
2.0-18.0 ng/nL 
<1.4 ng/nL 
25-240 mcg/dL 
Total Testosterone was measured by LCMSMS. The LCMSMS method 
correlates well with our extraction/RIA method. 
% FREE TESTOSTERONE 
1.94 
TESTOSTERONE, FREE 
,36.5-)
MTHER,DNA MUTATION,NY 
see note A 
RESULT: POSITIUE FOR 2W0 COPIES OF THE C677T ) 
MUTATION 
DNA testing indicates this individual is 
homozygous for the C6777 mutation and does not 
have the A1298C mutation. This has been associated 
with an increased risk for hyperhomocysteinemia 
and vascular diseases. Consider genetic counseling 
and DNA testing for at-risk members. 
1.5-2.2 h 
35.0-155.0 pg/mL 
Lab 
TBR 
TBR 
TBR 
7BR 
TBR 
TBR 
QNI 
EPSTE1N,JEFFREY - K4671284 
Page 1 - Continued on Page 2 
lint, ken liassistics, 
Ins nil •I anictotnt hint /tannins ,,,,, art thr 
it hilt auy.Nal Inentsgan4 
Ill 
save. er 11N1 
AMD 
CM, 
aveva P b Iltitillt6 
2/3 
EFTA00727570
--- PAGE 2 ---
Quest 
Diagnostic 
QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED 
PATIENT INFORMATION 
EPSTE1N,JEFFREY 
DOB: 01/20/1953 AGE: 57 
REPORT STATUS PARTIAL 
REPRINT 
ORDERING PHYSICIAN 
GENDER: M FASTING: 
SPECIMEN INFORMATION 
CLIENT INFORMATION 
SPECIMEN: X4671284 
T11686 
10013650 
COLLECTED: 03/03/2010 
11:50 
REPORTED: 
03/09/2010 
17:30 
Test Name 
In Range 
Out of Range 
Reference Range 
Laboratory testing supervised and results 
monitored by U.M. Pratt, Ph.D., FACIIIG. 
Director. Molecular Genetics. 
Hyperhomocysteinemia is a risk factor for arterial 
disease and venous thrombosis. Homocystelne levels 
are affected by nutritional and genetic factors. 
Since NTHFR is involved in methyiation of 
homocysteine to methionine, individuals with 
MTHFR gene mutations that reduce enzyme activity 
may develop hyperhoncystelnemia and thus be at risk 
for vascular disease. 
The C677T and A1298C mutations are detected by 
signal amplification of the MTHFR gene by allele-
specific hybridizations and cheniluninescent 
detection of hybridized probes. Since genetic 
variation and other factors can affect the accuracy 
of direct mutation testing, these results should be 
interpreted in light of clinical and familial data. 
This test was developed and its performance 
characteristics have been determine-it by Quest 
Diagnostics Nichols Institute, Chantil ly, UA. 
It has not been cleared or approved by the U.S. 
Food and Drug Administration. The FDA has determined 
that such clearance or approval is not necessary. 
Performance characteristics refer to the analytical 
performance of the test. 
ESTRADIOL.ULTRASEN.LCKSMS 
PENDING 
PERFORMING LABORATORY INFORMATION: 
AMD Quest Diagnostics Nichols Chantilly 14225 Newbrook ➢rive Chantil ly UA 20151 
Laboratory Director: Kenneth Sisco. MD,PhD CLIA No: 4900221801 
QNI Quest Diagnostics, Nichols Institute 33608 Ortega Highway San Juan Capistrano CA 92690 
Laboratory Director: Dr. Jon M. Nakamoto CLIA No: 05110643352 
IBR Quest Diagnostics One Malcolm Avenue Teterboro NJ 07608 
Laboratory Director: William E. Tarr, M.D. CLIA No: 3100696246 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY - K4671284 
Page 2 - End of Report 
twit Loll Oily..ha, tie iiiitsilr1 Iry1 lit ill isse
ittilii.11 Ciiiicsipti arks in 1$ IntInarli *I twit DIIIMIIICS 
it Fa Il niatt Priniod IM 111X. 
/II 
Lab 
i141/11 1) 11 115/l/Ili 
1/1 
EFTA00727571
--- PAGE 3 ---
Quest 
Diagnostics 
QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED 
CLIENT SERUICE 800.631.1390 
SPECIMEN INFORMATION 
SPECIMEN: X4666434 
REQUISITION: 
COLLECTED: 03/03/1010 
08:20 
RECEIUED: 
03/03/2010 
20:43 
REPORTED: 
03/08/2010 
08:32 
PATIENT INFORMATION 
ESPSTEIN,JEFFREY 
DOB: 01/20/1953 AGE: 57 
GENDER: M FASTING: Y 
PHONE: 212.772.9416 
REPORT STATUS FINAL 
REPRINT 
ORDERING PHYSICIAN 
CLIENT INFORMATION 
T11886 
WOODSON MERRELL, M.D. 
E 67TH STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10065 
10013650 
The original copy of this report was printed on: 03/05/2010 at 08:16 
Test Name 
LEAD,BL000 
In Range 
Out of Range 
Reference Range 
<3 
<10 mcg/dL 
Blood lead levels in the range of 5-9 mcg/dL have been 
associated with adverse health effects in children aged 
years and younger. 
Industrial Exposure: <40 mcg/dL 
ncg/dL = mcg/100g for OSHA 
(refer to current governmental regulations for exposure 
criteria) 
MERCURY, BLOOD 
ARSENIC,BL00D 
<=10 mcg/L 
<23 mcg/L 
Urine is usually the best specimen for the analysis 
of Arsenic in body fluids. Blood levels tend to be 
low even when urine concentrations are high. 
PERFORMING LABORATORY INFORMATION: 
AND Quest Diagnostics Nichols Chantilly 14025 Newbrook Drive Chantilly VA 20151 
Laboratory Director: Kenneth Sisco, MD.PhD CLIA No: 49D0221801 
TOR Quest Diagnostics One Malcolm Avenue Teterboro NJ 07608 
Laboratory Director: William E. Tarr, M.D. CLIA No: 31D0696246 
ESPSTEIN,JEFFREY - K4666434 
Page 1 - End of Report 
It'll, lout Itiliostics, IM asseciilif 10$0 Ahl 
aIsociatid Putt tia,,eslu, 
, 
Ital".0" , IC 14O 0,,,,,IIIrs :flOrIN,rIt$ 
Ill ritIII risrtiti. OI.OPIt4 
2/1I 
Lab 
TBR 
AMU 
AMD 
CC2 
evivit BIN ionsia 7/7 
EFTA00727572
--- PAGE 4 ---
ak Quest 
fa? Diagnostic: 
OMs: 
: ACUIOSIA CS INCORPORATED 
CLIENT SERVICE PO O. G31 . I j 90 
SPECIMEN INFORMATION 
SPECIMEN: F7579815 
REQUISITION: 
COLLECTED: 03/03/2010 
RECEIVED: 
03/03/2010 
REPORTED: 
03/05/2010 
11:50 
21:49 
10:31 
PAT I FAIT INFORMATION 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
DOB: 01/20/1953 AGE: 57 
GENDER: M FASTING: Y 
PHONE: 212.750.9895 
REPORT STATUS FINAL 
ORDERING PHYSICIAN 
CL: ENT INFORMATION 
T11886 
WOODSON MERRELL, M.D. 
F. 67TH STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10065 
10013650 
Test Name 
CALCIUM 
FTR,INTACT 
Interpretive Guide 
Normal Parathyroid Function 
Hypoparathyroidism 
Primary Hyperparathyroidism 
Secondary Hyperparathyroidism 
Tertiary Hyperparathyroidism 
Non-Parathyroid Hypercalcemia 
In Range 
Intact PT 
Normal 
Low or Low Normal 
Normal or High 
High 
High 
Low or Low Normal 
Out of Range 
H 
H
6)
PERFORMING LABORATORY INFORMATION: 
YBR Ousel Diagnostics one Malcolm Avenue Teterboro 
MIA NO; 3100696246 
Reference Range 
8.6-10.2 mg/dL 
10-65 pg/mL 
Calcium 
Normal 
Low 
High 
Normal or Low 
High 
High 
NJ 07608 Laboratory Director: William E. Tarr. 
Lab 
TSR 
TBR 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY - F7579815 
Page 1 - End of Report 
On.' OHS C.W404. 71• owe roc isso •••t 
ANOPNI Omatomften M, 
au um eyNoN•ittaume Derma • t (Wu Oontscs WOCIWOW 
'Wt. 
taro*, =NON% knee SOB $0 
1. ANN 
EFTA00727573
--- PAGE 5 ---
O4
Quest 
Diagnostics 
Date of Report 03/06/2010 
Patient Name: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Identification Number: 
Age: 57 
Sex: M 
Intact Parathyroid 
Hormone 
Test No. 1222A 
Date Received: 03/03/2010 
Accession a F7579815 
Results (Please refer to 
the official Medical Report) 
Intact PTH 88.90 pg/mL 
(Normal Range 10 - 85 pg/mL) 
Total Calcium 10.40 mg/dL 
(Female Range 8.5. 10.3 mg/dc• 
Male Range 8.7 • 10.4 mg/cIL• I 
Legend 
Normal 
Indeterminate 
Secondary 
Hyperparathyroidism 
Primary 
Hyperparathyroidism 
Hypoparathyroidism 
Non-Parathyroid 
Hypercalcemia 
(Lest Diagnostics 
One Malcolm Avenue 
Teentoro, New Jersey 076C6- 1070 
8CC1.631.B90 
1-11886 10013650 
WOODSON MERRELL, M.D. 
E 67th Street 
New York, NY 10065 
10003 
0000 
0000 
7000 
0303 
5000 
4000 
NCO 
900 
000 
700 
NO 
S00 
400 
E 
'v. 
300 
en 
a. 
e 
200 
I 
os
a°
«pg 
GO 
ti 
to 
Note: The reference range on the graph may 6 
differ from the reference range cited for this 
patient. The comparison data set on the back 
of this report includes both male and female 
patients. The reference ranges for calcium on 
the graph are those that would be applied to 
an adult patient where sex was unspecified. 
uest Tar ch.
Intact Parathyroid Hormone 
Ordering Physician: 
Route: I001.4,50 
Account Number. 
I'I INK6 
C
10.0 
140 
16,0 
C 9201 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated. All rights reserved. 
Guest Quest Diagnostics, the associated logo end NI associated Quest Dognostics marks are the vedemerks of Quest Diagnostics Margo/aced. 
Calcium (mg/dL) 
EFTA00727574
--- PAGE 6 ---
Aark Quest 
‘ W 
Diagnostics 
QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED 
CLIENT SERVICE 000.611.1390 
SPECIMEN INFORMATION 
SPECIMEN: 92116012 
REQUISITION: 
COLLECTED: 03/03/2010 
08:20 
RECEIVED: 
03/03/2010 
19:57 
REPORTED: 
03/08/2010 
08:16 
ATIHNT :NFOHMAT:ON 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
DOB: 01/20/1953 AGE: 57 
GENDER: M FASTING: Y 
PHONE: 212.772.9416 
REPORT STATUS FINAL 
ORDERING PHYSICIAN 
C!JENT INFORMATION 
T11886 
WOODSON MERRELL, M.D. 
E 67TH STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10065 
10013650 
Test Name 
MAGNESIUM 
TSH,3RD GENERATION 
THYROID PANEL 
T4,TOTAL 
Please note new reference range. 
T3 UPTAKE 
T4,FREE,CALCULATED 
3.0 
In Range 
1.8 
1.77 
CR, TOTAL 
9.4 
Out of Range 
Reference Range 
1.5-2.5 mg/dL 
0.40-4.50 mIU/L 
4.5-12.5 mcg/dL 
22-35 Percent 
1.4-3.8 Units 
44-196 U/L 
Lab 
TBR 
TBR 
TBR 
TBR 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY - 92116012 
Page 1 - Continued on Page 2 
3.mt Oary On.mmc nn mm wed ov..km al onmom Cum flummt‘i mats am omPOOMMSOOmmlOmmefles C. Gant Datcrom 
cmommi Al miltunemd OLMMILML elm les MX SCH. MCA) 
EFTA00727575
--- PAGE 7 ---
link Quest 
Diagnosticsi
PAIIEN't :Nr.,RMATICti 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY 
DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED 
ORDERING PHYSICIAN 
DOB: 01/20/1953 AGE: 57 
GENDER: M FASTING: Y 
REPORT STATUS FINAL 
MEN INFORMATION 
CIHEN: 92116012 
LECTED: 03/03/2010 
08:20 
ORTED: 
03/08/2010 
08:16 
CLIENT INFORMATION 
T11886 
10013650 
est Name 
In Range 
Out of Range 
Reference Range 
Lab 
!S/HDL/TIBC W FER RFX/FRUCTOSAMINE 
TBR 
NE 
246 
(. 
190-270 umol/L
104
H 
65-99 mg/dL 
FRUCTOSAMI 
GLUCOSE,PASTING 
SODIUM 
140 
135-146 mmol/L 
POTASSIUM 
4.4 
3.5-5.3 mmol/L 
CHLORIDE 
105 
98-110 mmol/L 
CARBON DIOXIDE 
21-33 mmol/L 
UREA NITROGEN 
7-25 mg/dL 
CREATININE 
0.94 
0.76-1.46 mg/dL 
BUN/CREATININE RATIO 
NOTE 
6-22 
Bun/Creatinine ratio is not reported when the Bun and 
Creatinine values are within normatt ld itS. 
URIC ACID 
PHOSPHORUS 
CALCIUM 
CHOLESTEROL, TOTAL 
HDL CHOLESTEROL 
CHOLESTEROL/HDL RATIO 
LDL CHOL, CALCULATED 
See footnote 1 
TRIGLYCERIDES 
PROTEIN, TOTAL 
ALBUMIN 
GLOBULIN, CALCULATED 
A/G RATIO 
BILIRUBIN, TOTAL 
BILIRUBIN, DIRECT 
ALKALINE PHOSPHATASE 
GGT 
AST 
ALT 
LD 
IRON, TOTAL 
TIBC 
TRANSFERRIN SATURATION 
8.6 
3.3 
10.0 
200 
111 
7.4 
4.6 
2.8 
1.6 
0.7 
0.1 
152 
314 
H 
4.0-8.0 mg/dL 
2.5-4.5 mg/dL 
8.6-10.2 mg/dL 
125-200 mg/dL 
l?.)  
>=40 mg/dL 
6.1 
H 
< = 5.0 
<130 mg/dL 
<150 mg/dL 
6.2-8.3 g/dL 
3.6-5.1 g/dL 
2.1-3.7 g/dL 
1.0-2.1 
0.2-1.2 mg/dL 
< = 0.2 mg/dL 
40-115 U/L 
3-85 U/L 
10-35 U/L 
9-60 U/L 
120-250 U/L 
45-170 mcg/dL 
250-425 mcg/dL 
20-50 t 
;TEIN,JEFFREY - 92116012 
Page 2 - Continued on Page 3 
O,1µ Omni Ougromk nrosioon 
vo •••••:(al Omni 0••••••••• van ttttt usfeowat or• Wet Permits vIlastastanias Norway! Linos eimmil ODY0110.0111. RIMS %Of Sat I IWO 
EFTA00727576
--- PAGE 8 ---
Ank Quest 
Diagnosti9 
PAT I ENT INFORMATION 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED 
DOB: 01/20/1953 AGE: 57 
GENDER: M FASTING: Y 
SPECIMEN I NPORMAT 70N 
SPECIMEN: 92116012 
COLLECTED: 03/03/2010 
08:20 
REPORTED: 
03/08/2010 
08:16 
REPORT STATUS FINAL 
ORDERING PHYSICIAN 
CL IN INFORMATION 
T11886 
10013650 
Teat Name 
In Range 
Out of Range 
Reference Range 
Lab 
CBC (INCLUDES DIFF/PLT) 
WBC 
5.3 
3.8-10.8 Thous/mcL 
RBC 
5.06 
4.20-5.80 Mill/mcL 
HEMOGLOBIN 
15.0 
13.2-17.1 g/dL 
HEMATOCRIT 
44.8 
38.5-50.0 % 
MCV 
88.5 
80.0-100.0 fL 
MCH 
29.6 
27.0-33.0 pg 
MCHC 
33.4 
32.0-36.0 g/dL 
RDW 
13.4 
11.0-15.0 % 
PLATELET COUNT 
289 
140-400 Thous/mcL 
MPV 
7.9 
7.5-11.5 fL 
TOTAL NEUTROPHILS,% 
49.7 
38-80 % 
TOTAL LYMPHOCYTES,% 
34.9 
15-49 % 
MONOCYTES,% 
7.5 
0-13 % 
EOSINOPHILS,% 
7.2 
0-8 % 
BASOPHILS,% 
0.7 
0-2 % 
NEUTROPHILS,ABSOLUTE 
2634 
1500-7800 Cells/mcL 
LYMPHOCYTES,ABSOLUTE 
1850 
850-3900 Cells/mcL 
MONOCYTES,ABSOLUTE 
398 
200-950 Cells/mcL 
EOSINOPHILS,ABSOLUTE 
3B2 
15-550 Cells/mcL 
BASOPHILS,ABSOLUTE 
0-200 Cells/mcL 
DIFFERENTIAL 
An instrument differential was performed. 
URINALYSIS, COMPLETE 
COLOR 
Yellow 
Yellow 
APPEARANCE 
Cloudy 
* 
Clear 
GLUCOSE,QL 
Negative 
Negative mg/dL 
BILIRUBIN,URINE 
Negative 
Negative 
KETONES 
Negative 
Negative mg/dL 
SPECIFIC GRAVITY 
1.024 
1.001-1.035 
BLOOD 
(1+) * 
Negative 
PH 
5.5 
5.0-8.0 
PROTEIN, TOTAL,QL 
Negative 
Negative mg/dL 
NITRITE 
Negative 
Negative 
LEUKOCYTE ESTERASE 
Negative 
Negative 
SQUAMOUS EPITHELIAL CELLS 
None Seen 
cor=6 cells/hpf 
WBC 
None Seen 
<or=5 cells/hpf 
BACTERIA 
None Seen 
None Seen /hpf 
RBC 
HYALINE CASTS 
None Seen t ill i
) 
cor=3 cells/hpf 
None Seen /lpf 
TBR 
TBR 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY - 92116012 
Page 3 - Continued on Page 4 
Oast Pupil Depron em stint aelev 
...oat 4.etiOinsevc• nits, re in. rafoisarkt C mesa...y.4 viltest 
Mori 
CINIXONTI. P.0•01 
SCX .1.05 
EFTA00727577
--- PAGE 9 ---
oft Quest 
Diagnostics 
QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED 
SPECIMEN INFORMATION 
SPECIMEN: 92116012 
COLLECTED: 03/03/2010 
REPORTED: 
03/08/2010 
08:20 
08:16 
PATIENT INFORMATION 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
DOB: 01/20/1953 AGE: 57 
GENDER: M FASTING: Y 
REPORT STATUS FINAL 
ORDERING PHYSICIAN 
CLIENT INFORMATION 
T11886 
10013650 
Test Name 
In Range 
Out of Range 
Reference Range 
Lab 
VITAMIN B12 . FOLATE 
VITAMIN B12,SERUM 
/2)  
200-1100 pg/mL 
Please note: although the reference range for Vitamin B12 
is 200-1100 pg/mL, it has been reported that between 5 and 
10% of patients with values between 200 and 400 pg/mL may 
experience neuropsychiatric and hematologic abnormalities 
due to occult 812 deficiency; less than 1% of patients with 
values above 400 pg/mL will have symptoms. 
FOLATE,SERUM 
10.6 
> 5.4 ng/mL 
Normal: 
>5.4 
Borderline: 3.4-5.4 
Low: 
<3.4 
CARDIO CRP (R) 
0.8 
mg/L 
Low relative cardiovascular risk according to AHA/CDC 
guidelines. 
See footnote 2 
TBR 
TBR 
PSA,TOTAL 
0.54 
<=4.0 ng/mL 
TBR 
See footnote 3 
APOLIPOPROTEIN A-1.B 
TBR 
APOLIPOPROTEIN Al 
117 _. 
94-176 mg/dL 
APOLIPOPROTEIN B 
107 
52-109 mg/dL 
APOLIPOPROTEIN B/A1 RATIO 
0.91 
Below average risk: 
<0.29 
Average risk: 
0.29-1.30 
Above average risk: 
>1.30 
HEMOGLOBIN A1C 
H 
Percent 
TBR 
Reference Range: Non Diab 
6.0% 
HOMOCYSTEINE,CARDIO 
TBR 
HOMOCYSTEINZ 
e_1) 
<11.4 MICROmol/L 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY 
92116012 
Page 4 - Continued on Page 5 
Own bag D•ren. 
asm.:0.000 roc 0 
,,,,, 0411,.01 0.10 .0(. 10,4 et 0e PeltankSO 00014.00Cs t. .el0qnneis le0rwilltd AI nein Mr.*/ mom Kn. 
Su,: • IMP: 
EFTA00727578
--- PAGE 10 ---
Ain Quest 
CP ), Diagnostics 
S 
QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED 
SPECIMEN INFORMATION 
SPECIMEN: 92116012 
COLLECTED: 03/03/2010 
REPORTED: 
03/08/2010 
08:20 
08:16 
PAT:ENT INFORMATION 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
DOB: 01/20/1953 AGE: 57 
GENDER: M FASTING: Y 
REPORT STATUS FINAL 
ORDERING PHYSICIAN 
CLIENT INFORMATION 
T11886 
10013650 
Test Name 
In Range 
Out of Range 
Reference Range 
Lab 
VITAMIN D,25-OH, LC/MS/MS 
VITAMIN D, 25-OH, TOTAL 
20-100 ng/mL 
VITAMIN D, 25-OH, D3 
ng/mL 
VITAMIN D, 25-OH, D2 
<4 
ng/mL 
25-OHD3 indicates both endogenous production and 
supplementation. 25-OHD2 is an indicator of exogenous sources 
such as diet or supplementation. Therapy is based on 
measurement of Total 25-OHD, with levels <20 ng/mL indicative 
of Vitamin D deficiency, while levels between 20 ng/mL and 
ng/mL suggest insufficiency. Optimal levels are >30 ng/mL. 
TBR 
MAGNESIUM,RBC 
4.6 
4.0-6.4 mg/dL 
AMD 
FOOTNOTE(S): 
Desirable range is <100 mg/dL for patients with coronary 
heart disease (CHD) or diabetes, and <70 mg/dL for diabetic 
patients with known CHD. 
For Ages >17 Years: 
CCRP mg/L 
Risk according to AHA/CDC guidelines 
<1.0 
Low cardiovascular risk 
1.0 - 
3.0 
Average cardiovascular risk 
3.1 - 10.0 
High cardiovascular risk 
>10.0 
Persistent elevations may represent 
non-cardiovascular inflammation 
This test was performed using the Siemens (Bayer) 
chemiluminescent method. Values obtained from different 
assay methods cannot be used interchangeably. PSA levels, 
regardless of value, should not be interpreted as absolute 
evidence of the presence or absence of disease. 
PERFORMING LABORATORY INFORMATION: 
AMD Quest Diagnostics Nichols Chantilly 14225 Newbrook Drive Chantilly VA 20151 
Laboratory Director: Kenneth Sisco. PID.PhD CLIA NO: 4900221801 
TBR Quest Diagnostics One Malcolm Avenue Teterboro NJ 07608 laboratory Director: William E. Tarr, M.D. 
CLIA No: 31D0696246 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY - 92116012 
Page 5 - End of Report 
OWE IA.: Our,' 
• 
.inn Ohn.,..ni es • 
leti en 
u. I 
int 
*a I Ilmrats 01..ni0wortasfl 
Chig ertgrint.• IntetpsOln Mufumrn. xm,n 
RvAl•O V* SCA ,11)A3 
EFTA00727579
--- PAGE 11 ---
441,lk Quest 
e
a, Diagnostics 
QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED 
CLIENT SERVICE 800.631.1390 
SPECIMEN INFORMATICN 
SPECIMEN: F7579848 
REQUISITION: 
COLLECTED: 
RECEIVED: 
REPORTED: 
PATIENT INFORMATION 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
DOB: 01/20/1953 AGE: 57 
REPORT STATUS incbutr., 
ORDERING PHYSICIAN 
GENDER: M FASTING: Y 
CLIENT INFORMATION 
T11886 
10013650 
PHONE: 212.772.9416 
WOODSON MERRELL, M.D. 
E 67TH STREET 
03/03/2010 
08:20 
03/03/2010 
21:52 
03/08/2010 
08:16 
NEW YORK, NY 10065 
Teat Name 
INSULIN, FREE 
In Range 
Out of Range 
Reference Range 
7.8 
1.5-14.9 uIU/mL 
Insulin levels vary widely in specimens taken from 
non-fasting individuals. 
PREPORIRI140 LABORATORY INFORMATION: 
QNI Quest Diagnostics, Nichols Institute 33608 Ortega Highway San Juan Capistrano CA 92690 
Laboratory Director: Dr. Jon M. Nakaaoto CLIA NO: 0500643352 
Lab 
QNI 
EPSTEIN,JEFFREY - F7579848 
Page 1 - End of Report 
Ws, Cll 04O0*(1 Pe 41.4%,•Lte 
NIS (fri (J•r«. Is west aro IN • vsglanaNso/ Gre0horpsocs 
0.•ullirencs lwargatom Al ere NSW 0.9 00)1130SPITL Rona i as Sell una 
EFTA00727580

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727581.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727581.pdf
----------------------------------------
August xx, 2009 
Jeffrey Sloman 
United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
N.E. 4th Street 
Miami, Florida 33132 
RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Jeff, 
Once again I need to send you a note about Jeffrey Epstein, mainly to keep you in the loop so we 
don't inadvertently violate any provision of his agreement with your office. As I am sure you are aware, 
Mr. Epstein has finished the incarceration portion of his sentence and is now serving the one year of 
community control as mandated by both his state plea and the terms of the non-prosecution 
agreement with the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida. 
Mr. Epstein is in compliance with all terms of his community control and has now requested transfer of 
his supervision from the State of Florida to his state of residence, the Virgin Islands. This transfer has 
been requested through the Intrastate Compact for Transfer of Adult Supervision (ICAOS). The ICAOS 
is the mechanism for which transfers of probation and community control are effectuated. The 
process requires the offender to seek the approval of the sending state (in this case Florida) and if 
they agree the receiving state (in this case the United States Virgin Islands) generally is obligated to 
accept that transfer. Mr. Epstein has made such a request, the State of Florida has approved the 
transfer, and the Virgin Islands has agreed to accept the transfer and to maintain the same exact 
conditions of supervision as were imposed in Mr. Epstein's community control sentence in the State of 
Florida. 
Even though Mr. Epstein has requested the transfer and it has been granted we have not yet acted 
upon it. Mr. Epstein is still at the home in Palm Beach following the rules of state community control. 
We believe, as Mr. Epstein's lawyers, that his request to administratively transfer his community 
control is in full compliance with both his state plea agreement and the non-prosecution agreement 
with the United States Attorney's Office. Nonetheless we have taken to heart your previous suggestion 
of erring on the side of caution and thus we are advising you of this pending transfer before any action 
is taken on it. 
We will not take any action on effectuating this transfer at the present. I am happy to discuss this with 
you at any time. I did not want to set an appointment to see you on this issue since I imagine you have 
more pressing matters to deal with than a transfer of a state community control matter. 
Very truly yours, 
Roy Black 
EFTA00727581

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727582.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 28, 2009 
Jeffrey Sloman 
United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
N.E. 4'h Street 
Miami, Florida 33132 
RE: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Jeff, 
Once again I need to send you a note about Jeffrey Epstein, mainly to keep you in the 
loop so we don't inadvertently violate any provision of his agreement with your office. As 
I am sure you are aware, Mr. Epstein has finished the incarceration portion of his 
sentence and is now serving the one year of community control as mandated by both 
his state plea and the terms of the non-prosecution agreement with the United States 
Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida. 
Mr. Epstein is in compliance with all terms of his community control and has now 
requested transfer of his supervision from the State of Florida to his state of residence, 
the Virgin Islands. 
This transfer has been requested through the Intrastate Compact 
for Transfer of Adult Supervision (ICAOS). The ICAOS is the mechanism for which 
transfers of probation 
and community control are effectuated. 
The process requires 
the offender to seek the approval of the sending state (in this case Florida) and if they 
agree the receiving state (in this case the United States Virgin Islands) generally is 
obligated to accept that transfer. 
Mr. Epstein has made such a request, the State of 
Florida has approved the transfer, and the Virgin Islands has agreed to accept the 
transfer and to maintain the same exact conditions of supervision as were imposed in 
Mr. Epstein's community control sentence in the State of Florida. 
Even though Mr. Epstein has requested the transfer and it has been granted we have 
not yet acted upon it. Mr. Epstein is still at the home in Palm Beach following the rules 
of state community control. We believe, as Mr. Epstein's lawyers, that his request to 
administratively transfer his community control is in full compliance with both his state 
plea agreement and the non-prosecution agreement with the United States Attorney's 
Office. Nonetheless we have taken to heart your previous suggestion of erring on the 
side of caution and thus we are advising you of this pending transfer before any action 
is taken on it. 
We will not take any action on effectuating this transfer at the present. I am happy to 
discuss this with you at any time. I did not want to set an appointment to see you on this 
issue since I imagine you have more pressing matters to deal with than a transfer of a 
EFTA00727582
--- PAGE 2 ---
state community control matter. 
Very truly yours, 
Roy Black 
EFTA00727583

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727584.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 19, 2009 
Jeffrey Sloman, Esquire 
United States Attorney's Office 
N.E. 4'h Street 
Miami, Florida 33132 
RE: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Jeff, 
As I am sure you are aware, Mr. Epstein has finished the incarceration portion of his 
sentence and is now serving the one year of community control as mandated by both his 
state plea and the terms of the nonprosecution agreement with the United States 
Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida. 
Mr. Epstein is in compliance with all terms of his community control and has now requested 
transfer of his supervision from the State of Florida to his state of residence, the Virgin 
Islands. This transfer has been requested through the Intrastate Compact for Transfer of 
Adult Supervision (ICAOS). The ICAOS is the mechanism for which transfers of probation 
and community control are effectuated. The process requires the offender to seek the 
approval of the sending state (in this case Florida) and if they agree the receiving state (in 
this case the United States Virgin Islands) generally is obligated to accept that transfer. 
Mr. Epstein has made such a request, the State of Florida has approved the transfer, and 
the Virgin Islands has agreed to accept the transfer and to maintain the same exact 
conditions of supervision as were imposed in Mr. Epstein's community control sentence 
in the State of Florida. 
While Mr. Epstein's request to administratively transfer his community control, is in full 
compliance with both his state plea agreement and the nonprosecution agreement with the 
United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida, we have taken to heart 
your previous suggestion of erring on the side of caution and we are advising you of this 
transfer request. 
EFTA00727584
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please give me a call to discuss this matter. We will not take any action on effectuating 
this transfer until I have had an opportunity to speak to you. 
Very truly yours, 
Roy Black 
EFTA00727585

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727586.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 19, 2009 
Jeffrey Sloman, Esquire 
United States Attorney's Office 
N.E. 4th Street 
Miami, Florida 33132 
RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Jeff, 
As I am sure you are aware, Mr. Epstein has finished the incarceration portion of his sentence and is 
now serving the one year of community control as mandated by both his state plea and the terms of 
the nonprosecution agreement with the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of 
Florida. 
Mr. Epstein is in compliance with all terms of his community control and has now requested transfer of 
his supervision from the State of Florida to his state of residence, the Virgin Islands. This transfer has 
been requested through the Intrastate Compact for Transfer of Adult Supervision (ICAOS). The ICAOS 
is the mechanism for which transfers of probation and community control are effectuated. The 
process requires the offender to seek the approval of the sending state (in this case Florida) and if 
they agree the receiving state (in this case the United States Virgin Islands) generally is obligated to 
accept that transfer. Mr. Epstein has made such a request, the State of Florida has approved the 
transfer, and the Virgin Islands has agreed to accept the transfer and to maintain the same exact 
conditions of supervision as were imposed in Mr. Epstein's community control sentence in the State of 
Florida. 
While Mr. Epstein's request to administratively transfer his community control, is in full compliance with 
both his state plea agreement and the nonprosecution agreement with the United States Attorney's 
Office for the Southern District of Florida, we have taken to heart your previous suggestion of erring on 
the side of caution and we are advising you of this transfer request. 
Please give me a call to discuss this matter. We will not take any action on effectuating this transfer 
until I have had an opportunity to speak to you. 
Very truly yours, 
Roy Black 
EFTA00727586

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727587.pdf
----------------------------------------
Qui Tarn 
Class ACOCCi 
Personal Injury 
Wrong, ul Death 
Conwnircial Loitgaloon 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos Et Lehrman, P.L. 
July 14, 2010 
AIL AND US MAIL 
D. Critton, Jr. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, et al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
M. 
E
l
v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Mr. Critton: 
We now represent 
Without getting into unnecessary details regarding her 
experience with your 
e a 
a 
included the relevant facts below to assist you in evaluating 
and resolving her claim_ 
d 
and she was 15 years old when she 
was taken to Mr. Epstein s ome y 
She was lead upstairs into Mt Epstein's 
bedroom where he appeared naked an 
er to begin massaging him. After several 
minutes, he rolled over and be an rabbing 
buttocks. Mr. Epstein began masturbating 
wi 
for not informing he
Mr. Epstein was going to try 
and reached up and grabbed 
kreasts. t t t point_ 
became angry and asked to 
leave. She left and was upset
to touch her in that way. 
for her last experience 
rill. liassu 
that 
• 
I 
I 
veird would happen the next time, and specifically 
t 
d 
that Mr. Epstein was sorry 
and wanted her to 
told her it would only be a massage. 
returned a second time to Mr. Epstein's 
m and 
was again taken upstairs into his be • ..m, where he appeared naked and requested 
to 
begin massaging him. After several minutes Mr. Epstein turned over and began ma 
r a ng. 
He reached up and grabbed
 breasts and she immediate) told him not to touch her. He 
then grabbed her buttocks in an aggressive manner and 
pulled away and told him that 
she was leaving. Mr. Epstein was visibly angry, and to 
er co leave as he walked into the 
shower. 
If you were to investigate 
you would find that she has a clean background, no sexual 
experience prior 
, a 
no significant other traumas in her life. Mr. Epstein's criminal 
conduct against 
has caused emotional and psychological damage to 
She 
deserves fair compensa 
n for her injuries in an amount that also addresses the 
She
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
954.524.2820 office 
954.524.2822 fax 
EFTA00727587

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727588.pdf
----------------------------------------
Qui Tarn 
Class ACOCCi 
Personal Injury 
Wrong, ul Death 
Conwnircial Loitgaloon 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos Et Lehrman, P.L. 
July 14, 2010 
AIL AND US MAIL 
D. Critton, Jr. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, et al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
M. 
E
l
v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Mr. Critton: 
We now represent 
experience with your 
and resolving her claim_ 
was taken to Mr. Epstein s ome y 
bedroom where he appeared naked an as a 
er to begin massaging him. After several 
minutes, he rolled over and be an rabbing a 
buttocks. Mr. Epstein began masturbating 
and reached up and grabbed 
casts. At t
 points 
became angry and asked to 
leave. She left and was upset wi 
for not informing her that Mr. Epstein was going to try 
to touch her in that way. 
t 
ld 
that Mr. Epstein was sorry for her last experience and wanted her to 
return. 
assure 
that 
. t 
veird would happen the next tune, and specifically 
told her it would only be a massage. 
returned a second time to Mr. Epstein's 
m and 
was again taken upstairs into his be 
rn, where he appeared naked and requested 
to 
begin massaging him. After several minutes Mr. Epstein turned over and began ma 
r a ng. 
He reached up and grabbed 
breasts and she • 
• 
told him not to touch her. He 
then grabbed her buttocks in an aggressive manner and 
pulled away and told him that 
she was leaving Mr. Epstein was visibly angry, and told her co leave as he walked into the 
shower. 
Without getting into unnecessary details regarding her 
included the rel 
cts below to assist you in evaluating 
and she was 15 years old when she 
S e was lead upstairs into Mt Epstein's 
If you were to investigate 
you would find that she has a clean background, no sexual 
experience prior 
, a 
no significant other traumas in her life. Mr. Epstein's criminal 
conduct against 
has caused emotional and psychological damage to 
She 
deserves fair compensation for her injuries in an amount that also addresses the 
She
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
954.524.2820 office 
954.524.2822 fax 
EFTA00727588
--- PAGE 2 ---
of Mr. Epstein's actions against her. As such, she is demanding $200,000 as full settlement for 
all claims. 
This tender shall 
de 
able to Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.I 
for the benefit of 
with no other named payee. 
Very truly yours, 
Bradley Edwards, Esq. 
BE/bsw 
EFTA00727589

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727590.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
On , Tam 
2, 
Class Ash°. 
Personal Injur
Wrongful Death 
Commercial litigation 
THTOJUSTICE.COM 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos a Lehrman, P.L. 
August 2, 2010 
IL AND U.S. MAIL 
D. Critton, Jr. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, et al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Mr. Critton: 
a
who was born 
was taken to Mr. Epstein's house initially by 
in the summer or fall of 2002 when she was 15 years old. She subsequently went 
to Mr. Epstein's home on approximately 15 occasions over the next couple years. On the 
first occasion, 
told her that it would be nothing more than a massage 
t she 
would be paid. She informed 
that she had no massage experience, and 
told 
her that didn't matter. 
On the first occasion, 
was lead upstairs to Mr. Epstein's bedroom where he 
appeared naked and requested that she begin massaging him. During this first visit, Mr. 
Epstein asked her age and she truthfully told him t 
she was 15 years old. She further 
discussed with him that she was attending 
High School. During the 15 times 
was with Mr. Epstein at his house, he told her that she was special to him and even 
promised to buy her a computer at one point. 
Each visit began as a naked massage and at some point Mr. Epstein would turn over onto 
his back and begin masturbating. Ile t I her to pinch his nipples as he masturbated 
himself and touched and fondled 
sexual parts; each encounter ended after Mr. 
Epstein ejaculated. As time went on Mr. Epstein became more aggressive in his sexual 
demands and attempts. He paid 'MI 
$300 per visit, and each time he at least committed 
the crime of Lewd and Lascivious Molestation. He offered to pay
re money for 
intercourse or oral sex, although 
refused. At 17 years old, 
moved away 
from West Palm Beach to escape from this routine that she felt Mr. Epstein forced upon her. 
was never contacted by the FBI and was not named in the NPA - presumably 
because she moved away from the area. 
425 North Andrews Avenue • Suite 2 • Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
954.524.2820 office 954.524.2822 fax 
EFTA00727590
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 2 
Over the years, she has tried to forget this period of time in her life, but it has caused her 
extreme emotional trauma that has not subsided. She wishes to pursue action against Mr. 
Epstein. However, before doing so she is willing to resolve her case at this time for an 
amount that reasonably compensates her for the permanent psychological injuries she 
suffered. 
Since you and I have been involved in related cases, and both of us understand the ros and 
cons of the variations of these particular cases, I would like to convey that 
will 
make a better than average witness in all respects. 
As such, we here y 
emand 
$350,000.00. 
This tender shall be mail, 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, 
P.L., for the benefit of 
, with no other named payee. 
Very truly yours, 
Bradley Edwards, Esq. 
BE/bsw 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue • Suite 2 • Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
954.524.2820 office 954.524.2822 fax 
EFTA00727591

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727592.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 185-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07/02/2009 
Page 1 of 5 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
EFTA00727592
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 185-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07/02/2009 
Page 2 of 5 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80994-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80993-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80811 -MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al., 
Defendant. 
DOE H, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV- 80469-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
EFTA00727593
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 185-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 0702/2009 
Page 3 of 5 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al., 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80591-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80656-MARRABOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
STIPULATED HIPAA OUALIFIED PROTECTIVE ORDER 
THIS CAUSE having come before the Court on Joint Motion of the parties, Jane Doe No. 
2, Jane Doe No. 3, Jane Doe No. 4, Jane Doe No. 5, Jane Doe No. 6, Jane Doe No. 7 and Jane 
Doe No. 8 (collectively, "Plaintiffs"), and Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, for a HIPAA Qualified 
Protective Order, and the Court having being duly advised in the premises, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: 
1. 
General. In accordance with the requirements of the regulations promulgated 
under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), specifically 
C.F.R. §164.512 (e) (1) (ii) (B) & (v), the Court issues a HIPAA Qualified Protective Order, 
as the term is defined in the foregoing regulations, and for health information of the Plaintiffs 
obtained in discovery requires that all parties be: 
EFTA00727594
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 185-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07;02/2009 
Page 4 of 5 
a. prohibited from using or disclosing protected health information ("PHI") for any 
purpose other than the litigation of the following cases: Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey 
Epstein, case no. 08-CV-80119, Jane Doe No. 3 v. Jeffrey Epstein, case no. 08-CV-
80232, Jane Doe No. 4 v. Jeffrey Epstein case no. 08-CV-80380, Jane Doe No. 5 v. 
Jeffrey Epstein case no. 08-CV-80381, Jane Doe No. 6 v. Jeffrey Epstein case no. 
08-CV-80994, Jane Doe No. 7 v. Jeffrey Epstein, case no. 08- CV-80993, and Jane 
Doe No. 8 v. Jeffrey Epstein case no. 09-CV-80802, and any other state or federal 
lawsuits against Jeffrey Epstein alleging similar sexual misconduct (hereafter, the 
"Lawsuits"); and 
b. required to return to the disclosing entity or destroy the PHI (including all copies 
made), at the conclusion of the litigation of the Lawsuits. 
Based upon this HIPAA Qualified Protective Order all persons, including but not limited to 
physicians and other medical providers, shall comply with, and are hereby authorized to use or 
disclose PHI in response to, any and all subpoenas for records. This HIPAA Qualified Protective 
Order applies to PHI received pursuant to subpoena or discovery in the Lawsuits. It further 
applies to all notes, opinions and other documents of psychological experts retained by any of the 
parties for purposes of the Lawsuits. 
2. 
Depositions. In addition to the foregoing, pursuant to 45 C.F.R. §164.512 (e) (1) 
(I) and for purposes of compliance with HIPAA, without waiver of any right to prepayment of 
costs, fees and expenses associated with copying costs, or any other appropriate objection or 
privilege that may be timely asserted, each deponent duly noticed for deposition in the above-
style litigation, including but not limited to a party, a fact witness, a records custodian, an expert, 
a treater, or a health care provider of any type, is expressly and specially authorized to use or to 
disclose to the attorneys, employees, agents, and designees of each party or each party's legal 
counsel in this case the protected health information of a party that is responsive to deposition 
questions or a valid duces tecum at such duly noticed deposition with both HIPAA regulations 
and any applicable state law not pre-empted by HIPAA, the authorization and order set forth in 
this paragraph expressly includes protected health information concerning psychological and 
mental records. 
3. 
Experts, Litigation Consultants, and Attorneys. This Protective Order does not 
prevent disclosure of PHI to the parties' litigation experts, Plaintiffs' and Defendant's lawyers, 
and consultants hired for purposes of the Lawsuits, subject to the prohibitions and requirements 
of paragraph 1 above. 
4. 
Judicial Proceedings. In addition to the foregoing, pursuant to 45 C.F.R. 
§I64.512 (e) (1) (i) and for purposes of compliance with HIPAA, without waiver of any right to 
prepayment of costs, fees, and expenses associated with copying costs, or any other appropriate 
objection or privilege that may be timely asserted, all witnesses duly appearing at, or subpoenaed 
for, any judicial proceeding related to this litigation, including but not limited to trial, are 
specifically and expressly authorized to use and disclose the PHI of a party at such judicial 
proceeding. In compliance with both HIPAA regulations and any applicable state law not pre-
EFTA00727595
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 185-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07)02/2009 
Page 5 of 5 
empted by HIPAA, the authorization set forth in this paragraph expressly includes protected 
health information concerning psychological and mental health records. 
5. 
Court Reporter, Photocopying & Other Service Providers. In addition to the 
foregoing, pursuant to 45 C.F.R. §164.512 (e) (1) (I) and for purposes of compliance with 
HIPAA, without waiver of any right to prepayment of costs, fees and expenses associated with 
copying costs, or other appropriate objection or privilege that may be timely asserted, any person 
or entity authorized or ordered above to use or disclose PHI is expressly and specifically 
authorized to do so with, to, or before any court reporter service, videography service, translation 
service, photocopy service, document management service, records management service, 
graphics service or other such litigation service, designated by a party or a party's legal counsel 
in this case. The protections and requirements of paragraph No. 1 above specifically apply to 
any such service so designated. Each party or the party's legal counsel is charged with giving 
notice of the obligations imposed by this Order to any such service the party or counsel so 
designates, and is further charged with obtaining advance consent of such service to comply fully 
with this paragraph. 
Upon such consent, the service will be deemed to have voluntarily 
submitted to the Court's jurisdiction during the pendency of this litigation for purposes of 
enforcement of this paragraph, including but not limited to the imposition of such sanctions, 
monetary or otherwise, as may be appropriate for any non-compliance. 
6. 
Expiration. Unless a motion for enforcement of this Order has been filed in this 
case and remains pending at the time, this Order shall expire upon the conclusion of the Lawsuits 
by any final resolution including dismissal or by final judgment, through and including all 
appellate proceedings, unless the time for commencing such proceedings has expired without an 
appeal. 
This Order is effective nunc pro tunc as of the date of commencement of each of the Lawsuits. It 
is self-executing without need of further order of the Court. A copy of this Order shall be valid 
as an original. 
DONE AND ORDERED this 
day of July, 2009. 
DISTRICT COURT JUDGE 
Copies furnished to: 
All counsel of record. 
EFTA00727596

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727597.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 185 
Entered on FLSD Docket 0702/2009 
Page 1 of 6 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
EFTA00727597
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 185 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07/02/2009 
Page 2 of 6 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80994-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80993-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
C.M.A., 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80811 -MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al., 
Defendant. 
DOE H, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV- 80469-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
EFTA00727598
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 185 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07)02/2009 
Page 3 of 6 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al., 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80591-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80656-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JOINT MOTION FOR STIPULATED HIPAA PROTECTIVE ORDER 
Plaintiffs, JANE DOES 2-7, by and through their undersigned counsel, hereby file this 
Unopposed Motion for Stipulated HIPAA Protective Order, and state as follows: 
I. 
In the course of discovery in this case, the parties will be exchanging discovery 
concerning the Plaintiffs which is protected by Health Insurance Portability and Accountability 
Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"). 
2. 
These records include sensitive and confidential medical and therapy records. 
3. 
Accordingly, the parties request the entry of the attached Stipulated HIPAA 
Protective Order to protect Plaintiffs' rights under HIPAA and allow Defendant to receive 
discovery of protected healthcare information under HIPAA. 
EFTA00727599
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 185 
Entered on FLSD Docket 0702/2009 
Page 4 of 6 
4. 
A proposed Agreed Order is attached hereto as Exhibit "A". 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiffs Jane Does 2-7, respectfully request that this Court enter the 
Stipulated HIPAA Protective Order attached as Exhibit "A". 
Dated: July 1, 2009 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
s/ Adam D. Horowitz 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, P.A. 
Counsel for Plaintiffs Jane Does 2-8 
By:  s/ Robert D. Critton 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq. 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00727600
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 185 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07:02/2009 
Page 5 of 6 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on July 2, 2009, I electronically filed the foregoing document with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served 
this day to all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either via transmission 
of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for 
those parties who are not authorized to receive electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
/s/ Adam D. Horowitz 
EFTA00727601
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 185 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07/02/2009 
Page 6 of 6 
SERVICE LIST 
DOE vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Robert D. ritton Es . 
Bradley James Edwards 
Isidro Manuel Garcia 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Richard Horace Willits 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
/s/ Adam D. Horowitz 
EFTA00727602

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727603.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV- 80893 — MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendants. 
FILED by 
JUL 0 8 2010 
STEVEN M. LARILLORE 
ERIC U.S. Mt CT. 
. Of FLA. • W.P.B. 
Joint Stipulation Of Mootness and Withdrawal Of Plaintiffs Emergency Motion For 
Hearing Requesting That The Court Find Epstein In Civil Contempt Of The Court's Two 
Orders Forbidding Harassment And Indirect Contact, For Appropriate Sanctions, And 
Additional Remedies Including Referral For Criminal Contempt 
Plaintiff, JANE DOE and Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN ("Epstein"), hereby file their 
Joint Stipulation of Mootness and Withdrawal Of Plaintiffs Emergency Motion for Hearing 
Finding That Epstein Is In Civil Contempt of the Court's Two Orders Forbidding Harassment 
And Indirect Contact, For Appropriate Sanctions, And Additional Remedies Including Referral 
for Criminal Contempt (Des 194 and 195)(the "Motion for Contempt"), and each state: 
1. 
On July 2, 2010, Plaintiff filed the Motion for Contempt and an associated Motion 
to file same under seal. (DEs 194 and 195) 
2. 
The parties have resolved the above lawsuit. 
3. 
Plaintiff's counsel has been advised that the investigator was hired by Defense 
Counsel and was supervised by Defense Counsel. 
4. 
Putting aside certain fact disputes between the Plaintiff, Defendant and their 
respective investigators as to what occurred, Plaintiff's counsel agrees to withdraw the Motion as 
EFTA00727603
--- PAGE 2 ---
it is now moot. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff and Defendant requests that the Court enter and order finding 
the above Motion for Contempt as moot and withdrawn, and grant any additional relief the Court 
deems just and proper. 
Local Rule 7.1 Statement 
Pursuant to the above rule, the undersigned counsel and Plaintiff's counsel have 
conferred and have agreed to same. 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: /s/ Robert I. 
itt.n Jr. 
ROBERT a CRITTON, JR., 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following service list in the manner specified via 
transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF on this  n  day of July, 2010: 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos 
& Lehrman. P 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hoc Vice 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss. P.A. 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00727604
--- PAGE 3 ---
o-counse or Plaintiff 
(Co-Counsel for Defendant Jefrey Epstein) 
EFTA00727605

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727606.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727606.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOR PUBLICATION 
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS & ST. JOHN 
ROBERT ADDIE, JORGE PEREZ and ) 
JASON TAYLOR, 
) 
) 
Plaintiffs, 
v. 
) 
) 
) 
Civil No. 2004-135 
) 
CHRISTIAN KJAER, HELLE 
) 
BUNDGAARD, STEEN BUNDGAARD, 
JOHN KNUD FÖRST, KIM FORST, 
NINA FÖRST, and KEVIN F. 
) 
) 
) 
D'AMOUR, 
) 
) 
Defendants. 
) 
) 
ATTORNEYS : 
Gregory H. Hodges, Esq. 
St. Thomas, U.S.V.I. 
For the plaintiffs. 
Carol G. Hurst, Esq. 
St. Thomas, U.S.V.I. 
For defendants Christian Kjaer, Helle Bundgaard, Steen 
Bundgaard, John Knud Furst, Kim Furst, and Nina Furst. 
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
Mt. Pleasant, S.C. 
For defendants Christian Kjaer, Helle Bundgaard, Steen 
Bundgaard, John Knud Furst, Kim FUrst, and Nina Furst. 
Maria T. Hodge, Esq. 
St. Thomas, U.S.V.I. 
For defendant Kevin F. D'Amour. 
JUDGMENT 
GOMEZ, C.J. 
This matter is before the Court for entry of judgment 
following a trial by jury and for a determination of an 
appropriate award, if any, of prejudgment interest. 
EFTA00727606
--- PAGE 2 ---
Addie, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 2 
I. FACTUAL AND PROCEDURAL BACKGROUND 
Because the Court writes exclusively for the parties, whose 
familiarity with these proceedings is presumed, only a brief 
recitation of the factual and procedural background is required. 
This matter was tried to a jury in two stages from June 22, 
2009 to July 2, 2009. The first stage dealt with liability, the 
second with damages. The plaintiffs, Robert Addie, Jorge Perez 
and Jason Taylor (together, the "Buyers"), asserted claims for 
breach of contract and unjust enrichment against defendants 
Christian Kjaer; Helle Bundegaard; Steen Bundegaard; John Knud 
Furst; Kim Furst; and Nina Furst (together, the "Sellers"). The 
Buyers also asserted claims for fraud and conversion against 
defendant Kevin D'Amour. The Sellers asserted counterclaims for 
breach of contract and fraud against the Buyers. 
Before trial, the Court awarded the Buyers partial summary 
judgment in the amount of $500,000 on their conversion claim 
against D'Amour. 
During the first stage of trial, the jury found the Sellers 
liable on the Buyers' breach of contract and unjust enrichment 
claims. The jury also found D'Amour liable for fraud and not 
liable for conversion. The jury found Addie and Perez liable for 
breach and contract and fraud and Taylor not liable for either of 
those claims. 
During the second stage, the jury awarded Taylor $1,546,000 
EFTA00727607
--- PAGE 3 ---
Addie, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 3 
on his breach of contract claim against the Sellers and $46,000 
on his fraud claim against D'Amour. The jury also awarded the 
Sellers $339,516.76 on their fraud claim against Addie and Perez. 
After the trial, the Court ordered the parties to brief the 
following issues: (1) the availability of prejudgment interest on 
any claim on which a party prevailed at trial; and (2) the start 
date for computing prejudgment interest on a claim, assuming the 
availability of prejudgment interest on that claim. The parties 
have timely complied with that order. 
On August 11, 2009, the Court heard argument from the 
parties on these issues, among others, and now enters judgment. 
II. DISCUSSION 
In the Virgin Islands, an award of prejudgment interest is 
permitted on "all monies which have become due." V.I. Code Ann. 
tit. 11, § 951(a) (1). "Award is authorized . . . only where the 
amount due is in money and therefore easily ascertainable." 
Antilles Ins. v. James, 30 V.I. 230, 256 (D.V.I. 1994) (internal 
quotation marks and citation omitted). While the date that 
payment becomes due is often disputed, the court has discretion 
to award prejudgment interest to avoid injustice. Restatement 
(Second) of Torts § 913(1)(b) (1965). 
The Third Circuit has explained the considerations that 
should guide a district court in exercising its discretion to 
award prejudgment interest: 
EFTA00727608
--- PAGE 4 ---
Addie, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 4 
[A]s a general rule, prejudgment interest is to be 
awarded when the amount of the underlying liability is 
reasonably capable of ascertainment and the relief 
granted would otherwise fall short of making the 
claimant whole because he or she has been denied the 
use of the money which was legally due. Awarding 
prejudgment interest is intended to serve at least two 
purposes: to compensate prevailing parties for the true 
costs of money damages incurred, and, where liability 
and the amount of damages are fairly certain, to 
promote settlement and deter attempts to benefit from 
the inherent delays of litigation. Thus prejudgment 
interest should ordinarily be granted unless 
exceptional or unusual circumstances exist making the 
award of interest inequitable. 
Skretvedt v. E.I. Dupont de Nemours, 372 F.3d 193, 208 (3d Cir. 
2004) (quotation marks and citation omitted); see also Booker v. 
Taylor Milk Co., 64 F.3d 860, 868 (3d Cir. 1995) ("To fulfill 
this make-whole purpose, prejudgment interest should be given in 
response to considerations of fairness and denied when its 
exaction would be inequitable." (internal quotation marks and 
citation omitted)). 
III. ANALYSIS 
The jury awarded damages on three claims: Taylor's breach of 
contract claim against the Sellers; Taylor's fraud claim against 
D'Amour; and the Sellers' fraud claim against Addie and Perez. 
The Court will address each claim in turn. 
A. 
Breach of Contract 
Taylor was awarded $1,546,000 on his breach of contract 
claim against the Sellers. 
Notwithstanding the jury's award, the Court may, in the 
EFTA00727609
--- PAGE 5 ---
Addle, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 5 
exercise of its discretion, use its 
that award. See Evans v. Port Auth. 
354 (3d Cir. 2001). A trial court, 
remittitur power to reduce 
of N.Y. & N.J., 273 F.3d 346, 
in excersing such power, must 
"evaluate the evidence presented and determine whether or not the 
jury has come to a rationally based conclusion." Spence v. Bd. of 
Educ. of the Christina Sch. Dist., 806 F.2d 1198, 1201 (3d Cir. 
1986); see also Evans, 273 F.3d at 354 ("[T]he issue to be 
decided here `is not the size of the award alone, but the 
evidence supporting the award.'" (quoting Blakey v. Continental 
Airlines, Inc., 992 F. 
words, "(a] 
that a jury 
exceeds the 
Supp. 731, 737 (D.N.J. 1998)). In other 
remittitur is in order when a trial 
verdict is `clearly unsupported' by 
amount needed to make the plaintiff 
judge concludes 
the evidence and 
whole[.]" 
Starceski v. Westinghouse Elec. Corp., 54 F.3d 1089, 1100 (3d 
Cir. 1995) (citations omitted); see also Brunnemann v. Terra 
Int'l, Inc., 975 F.2d 175, 178 (5th Cir. 1992) 
remittitur may be granted if a jury's award is 
large as to appear contrary to right reason"). 
(explaining that a 
"excessive or so 
A trial court may 
order remittitur sua sponte. See Vadie v. Miss. State Univ., 218 
F.3d 365, 378 (5th Cir. 2000) ("Although we note that MSU did not 
ask for remittitur when it sought judgment as a matter of law or, 
in the alternative, a new trial after the jury rendered 
verdict, it would have been within the district court's 
discretion to sua sponte suggest remittitur."); Cook v. 
its 
Ross 
EFTA00727610
--- PAGE 6 ---
Addle, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 6 
Island Sand & Gravel Co., 626 F.2d 746, 747 (9th Cir. 1980) 
(affirming the district court's judgment where it "issued sua 
sponte an order of remittitur"). 
Here, the uncontroverted evidence at trial establishes that 
the Buyers deposited $1,500,000 into an escrow account in 
compliance with the parties' escrow agreement. Indeed, the 
escrow agreement, which was admitted into evidence at trial, 
clearly states that the Buyers were obligated to make that 
deposit in two installments: one for $1,000,000 and another for 
$500,000. Given the Sellers' breach, the appropriate amount of 
restitution damages necessary and payable to restore the Buyers 
to their original position is $1,500,000. See Restatement 
(Second) of Contracts § 344 (1981) (explaining that a party 
asserting a breach of contract claim may seek to protect his 
"'restitution interest,' which is his interest in having restored 
to him any benefit that he has conferred on the other party"); 
id. § 345 (noting that a court making a restitution award may 
"award[] a sum of money to prevent unjust enrichment"); see also 
Atacs Corp. v. Trans World Communs., 155 F.3d 659, 669 (3d Cir. 
1998) ("[R]estitution damages will require the party in breach to 
disgorge the benefit received by returning it to the party who 
conferred it." (citation omitted)). 
To the extent the jury awarded any amount above $1,500,000, 
such an amount is clearly excessive and wholly unsupported by the 
EFTA00727611
--- PAGE 7 ---
Addle, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 7 
evidence. Under these circumstances, the Court finds that 
remittitur is appropriate. See Brunnemann, 975 F.2d at 178 ("A 
verdict is excessive as a matter of law if shown to exceed `any 
rational appraisal or estimate of the damages that could be based 
upon the evidence before the jury.'" (quotation omitted)), cited 
in Starceski, 54 F.3d at 1101. Accordingly, the Court will enter 
judgment on Taylor's breach of contract for $1,500,000. 
With respect to prejudgment interest, the Buyers argue that 
prejudgment interest is available because "(t]he amount awarded 
was based on the number fixed in the parties' contract . . . and 
that amount was payable in money and easily ascertainable at the 
time of the breach." (Pls.' Submission Prejudgment Interest 3) 
(footnote omitted). The Buyers also contend that the start date 
for computing prejudgment interest is September 22, 2004, the 
date on which they notified the Sellers of their breach and 
demanded the return of the escrow funds. 
For their part, the Sellers articulate a raft of reasons why 
prejudgment interest should not be awarded on the breach of 
contract claim. First, they submit that the jury's determination 
that both the Buyers and they breached the parties' contracts 
precludes a prejudgment interest award. (See Sellers' Br. 
Prejudgment Interest) ("The competing findings by the jury makes 
this case an exception to the general rule that a prevailing 
party in a breach of contract case can get prejudgment 
EFTA00727612
--- PAGE 8 ---
Addie, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 8 
interest."). That submission suffers for want of legal 
authority.` 
By spotlighting the jury's determination that Addie and 
Perez breached the parties' contracts while Taylor did not, the 
Sellers restate an argument they advanced during trial. They 
assert that the verdict form submitted to the jury should have 
asked for collective as opposed to individual determinations of 
liability. The Court was unconvinced by that argument at trial 
and remains unconvinced now. 
The Sellers also reject the availability of prejudgment 
interest on the ground that the parties' contracts "do not have a 
provision that requires or even discusses placing the escrowed 
funds in an interest bearing account." (Sellers' Br. Prejudgment 
I Later in their brief, the Sellers offer District Concrete 
Co. v. Bernstein Concrete Corp., 418 A.2d 1030 (D.C. 1980), for 
support. In that case, the District of Columbia Court of Appeals 
affirmed the trial court's decision not to award prejudgment 
interest under District of Columbia law. The appellant argued 
that it was entitled to such on its counterclaim of payment for 
concrete delivered. The Court of Appeals disagreed, explaining 
that the contract authorized the appellee to deduct the amount of 
any claim that the appellant was owed. The court reasoned that, 
"implicit in [the trial judge's award to the appellee of damages 
on its breach of contract claim] is the conclusion that 
withholding payment under the contract was justified, and that 
[the appellee] was not in breach of the contract." Id. at 1038. 
Thus, the court concluded that "the value of the supplied 
concrete was not a liquidated debt `due and payable' until the 
contract litigation was concluded." Id. (citation omitted). 
Bernstein is wholly inapposite, as the facts and reasoning 
of that case manifestly have no bearing here. 
EFTA00727613
--- PAGE 9 ---
Addle, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 9 
Interest 6.) In their view, "(w)here money is in a non interest 
bearing account the court does not abuse its discretion when it 
denies prejudgment interest." (Id.) (citations omitted). That 
view is legally unsupportable. The availability of prejudgment 
interest is governed by a Virgin Islands statute. That statute 
makes no mention of bank accounts, interest-bearing or otherwise. 
Here, the amount due Taylor for the breach of contract claim 
is both easily ascertainable and undisputed by the parties. That 
amount is $1,500,000, the amount he paid into the escrow account. 
Based on the evidence adduced at trial, the Court finds that an 
appropriate start date for the computation of prejudgment 
interest is September 22, 2004, the date on which the Buyers 
notified the Sellers of their breach. See Myheal Techs. v. Fonar 
Corp., No. 95-7779, 1996 U.S. App. LEXIS 2912, at *6-7 (2d Cir. 
Feb. 20, 1996) (unpublished) (finding that the district court 
settled on a "reasonable date for the breach" after a jury found 
that a breach had occurred); West v. Meyer, No. 95-1050, 1995 
U.S. App. LEXIS 30952, at *4 (10th Cir. Oct. 27, 1995) 
(unpublished) (remanding a case to the district court for a 
determination of the date of the breach after a jury found the 
defendant liable for breach of contract); Metromont Materials 
Corp. v. R.S.R. & S.T., 463 S.E.2d 305, 307 (N.C. Ct. App. 1995) 
("The trial court did not err by determining the date of breach, 
particularly where neither party sought to have the issue 
EFTA00727614
--- PAGE 10 ---
Addle, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 10 
determined by the jury."), review denied, 342 N.C. 895 (N.C. 
1996). 
Furthermore, in the Court's view, the equities in this 
matter weigh heavily in favor of awarding prejudgment interest. 
The Sellers' breach of the parties' contract occurred some five 
years ago. Taylor has not had use of his money during that 
entire half-decade interval. See Bituminous Constr., Inc. v. 
Rucker Enterprises, Inc., 816 F.2d 965, 969 (4th Cir. 1987); 
Atlin v. Security-Connecticut Life Ins. Co., 788 F.2d 139, 141 
(3d Cir. 1986) (explaining "the theory that (prejudgment] 
interest represents compensation for the loss of use of the 
[plaintiff's] money"); Pennsylvania, Dep't of Public Welfare v. 
United States, 781 F.2d 334, 342 (3d Cir. 1986) ("The general 
rule is that when the damages resulting from a breach of contract 
are ascertainable with mathematical precision, prejudgment 
interest is awardable as of right." (quoting Eazor Express, Inc. 
v. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, 520 F.2d 951, 973 (3d 
Cir. 1975)). 
Accordingly, the Court will enter judgment on Taylor's 
breach of contract claim for $1,500,000 and award Taylor 
prejudgment interest on that amount from September 22, 2004 until 
the date of entry of judgment. 
B. 
Fraud 
The jury awarded Taylor $46,000 on his fraud claim against 
EFTA00727615
--- PAGE 11 ---
Addie, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 11 
D'Amour. The jury also awarded the Sellers $339,516.76 on their 
fraud claim against Addie and Perez. 
In their briefs, the parties agree that prejudgment interest 
on their respective fraud claims is not appropriate. (See Pls.' 
Submission Regarding Prejudgment Interest 8) ("Applying these 
principles to the fraud verdicts in this case yields the 
conclusion that prejudgment interest should not be awarded as to 
them.") (emphasis omitted); (Def. D'Amour's Br. Prejudgment 
Interest 5) ("This Court should not award prejudgment interest on 
the . . . fraud claim award against D'Amour."); (Defs. Sellers' 
Br. Prejudgment Interest 6) ("Sellers join and adopt D'Amour's 
brief on prejudgment interest on fraud damages filed on even date 
which clearly outlines why this portion of the award is also not 
subject to prejudgment interest."). At oral argument, the 
parties reiterated that position. 
In the Court's view, prejudgment interest on the fraud 
claims is not appropriate under the circumstances presented here. 
See Bookworm, Inc. v. Tirado, 44 V.I. 300, 305 (V.I. Terr. Ct. 
2002) (stating that the Virgin Islands' prejudgment interest 
statute "is not a proper mechanism for seeking prejudgment 
interest arising from a non-contractual tort"). The amounts due 
are not easily ascertainable, and the start date for the 
computation of prejudgment interest is not readily determinable. 
Furthermore, the Court does not find that the equities support 
EFTA00727616
--- PAGE 12 ---
Addie, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 12 
such an award under the circumstances presented here. See, e.g., 
SEC v. Sargent, 329 F.3d 34, 40 (1st Cir. 2003) ("In this case, 
the balance of the equities . . . counsels against awarding 
prejudgment interest."). 
Accordingly, the Court will enter judgment on the fraud 
claims in the amounts awarded by the jury but declines to award 
prejudgment interest on those claims. 
C. 
Conversion 
Before trial, on February 23, 2009, the Court entered 
partial summary judgment for the Buyers in the amount of $500,000 
for their conversion claim against D'Amour. At oral argument, 
counsel for the Buyers suggested that Addie and Perez would forgo 
their right to recover on the conversion claim, leaving any award 
on that claim to Taylor alone. After oral argument, the Buyers 
filed a "Notice of Renunciation of Interest in Order and 
Regarding Claim of Interest," in which they stated as follows: 
Addie and Perez renounce any interest they have in this 
Court's order dated February 23, 2009 . . . (the 
"Order") so that Taylor alone possesses all of the 
rights of the Buyers under the Order. 
Taylor renounces any claim to pre-judgment interest on 
the award set forth in the Order provided he recovers 
pre-judgment interest on the $1,500,000 of the 
$1,546,000 awarded by the jury[.]" 
Given Addie's and Perez's renunciation of their right to the 
$500,000 conversion award, Taylor alone is entitled to that 
award. Accordingly, the Court will enter judgment for Taylor on 
EFTA00727617
--- PAGE 13 ---
Addle, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 13 
his conversion claim in the amount of $500,000. See Chase 
Manhattan Bank, N.A. v. Power Prods., 27 V.I. 126, 128-30 (V.I. 
Terr. Ct. 1992); see also Amarillo Nat'l Bank v. Komatsu Zenoah 
Am., Inc., 991 F.2d 273, 278 (5th Cir. 1993) ("Conversion damages 
are the value of the converted property on the date of conversion 
(quotation marks and citation omitted)). In light of 
Taylor's renunciation of his request for prejudgment interest on 
the conversion award and the Court's award of prejudgment 
interest on Taylor's breach of contract claim, the Court finds 
that the equities disfavor an award of prejudgment interest on 
the conversion claim. 
D. 
Unjust enrichment 
During the liability stage of trial, the jury found that all 
of the Sellers had been unjustly enriched. During the damages 
stage, the Court did not submit the Buyers' unjust enrichment 
claim to the jury and informed the parties that the Court would 
determine the amount of damages, if any, to award for that claim. 
After the trial, the Court ordered the parties to submit proposed 
findings of fact and conclusions of law on the Buyers' unjust 
enrichment claim. Both the Buyers and the Sellers have timely 
complied with that order. 
"Unjust enrichment is an equitable remedy." In re Estate of 
McConnell, 42 V.I. 43, 50 (V.I. Terr. Ct. 2000) (citation 
omitted). "It is typically invoked in quasi-contractual 
EFTA00727618
--- PAGE 14 ---
Addle, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 14 
settings, where the plaintiff seeks to recover for a benefit he 
conferred unto the defendant under an unconsummated or void 
contract." Id. (citing Steamfitters Local 420 v. Philip Morris, 
Inc., 171 F.3d 912, 936 (3d Cir. 1999)). Because unjust 
enrichment is an equitable remedy arising in the quasi-
contractual context, it is well settled that unjust enrichment 
damages are unavailable when a claim rests on the breach of an 
express contract. Shaw v. Hyatt Int'l Corp., 461 F.3d 899, 902 
(7th Cir. 2006) (citation omitted); see also Mitsubishi Int'l 
Corp. v. Cardinal Textile Sales, 14 F.3d 1507, 1518 (11th Cir. 
1994) ("It is axiomatic that equitable relief is only available 
where there is no adequate remedy at law[.]"). Thus, "a valid 
contract bars a quantum meruit action only where the scope of the 
contract clearly covers the dispute between the parties." 
Mid-Hudson Catskill Rural Migrant Ministry, Inc. v. Fine Host 
Corp., 418 F.3d 168, 175 (2d Cir. 2005) (other alteration, 
quotation marks and citations omitted). "The reason for 
prohibiting a claim of unjust enrichment between contracting 
parties is to prohibit a party whose expectations were not 
realized under the contract from nevertheless recovering outside 
the contract." Util. Audit, Inc. v. Horace Mann Serv. Corp., 383 
F.3d 683, 689 (7th Cir. 2004) (citations omitted). 
Here, the parties do not dispute that they entered into 
valid, binding contracts. Indeed, the jury found that the 
EFTA00727619
--- PAGE 15 ---
Addie, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 15 
parties entered into such contracts by indicating in their 
verdict that Addie and Perez as well as the Sellers breached 
those contracts. Furthermore, there is no doubt that the Buyers' 
breach of contract and unjust enrichment claims arise out of 
precisely the same core of operative facts: the unconsummated 
sale of land and the misdelivery of associated escrow funds. 
Under these circumstances, an unjust enrichment award is 
inappropriate. Accordingly, the Court will award no damages for 
the Buyers' unjust enrichment claim. 
IV. CONCLUSION 
The issues having been tried, and the jury having rendered 
its verdict, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the jury's $1,546,000 award on 
Taylor's breach of contract claim against the Sellers is REMITTED 
to $1,500,000; it is further 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Taylor is awarded $1,500,000 on 
his breach of contract claim against the Sellers; it is further 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Taylor is awarded $500,000 on his 
conversion claim against D'Amour; it is further 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Taylor shall be entitled to 
recover no more than a total of $1,500,000 on his breach of 
contract and conversion claims combined2; it is further 
Taylor is entitled to a total recovery of $1,500,000, as 
opposed to $1,500,000 plus $500,000, because of the well-
established prohibition against double recovery. See EEOC v. 
EFTA00727620
--- PAGE 16 ---
Addie, et al. v. Kjaer, et al. 
Civil No. 2004-135 
Judgment 
Page 16 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Taylor is awarded $46,000 on his 
fraud claim against D'Amour; it is further 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the Sellers are awarded 
$339,516.76 on their fraud claim against Addie and Perez; it is 
further 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that prejudgment interest on Taylor's 
$1,500,000 breach of contract award against the Sellers shall 
accrue at the rate prescribed by V.I. CODE ANN. tit. 11, § 951, 
from September 22, 2004 until the date of this Judgment; it is 
further 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that post-judgment interest on all 
claims on which judgment has been entered shall accrue at the 
rate prescribed by V.I. CODE ANN. tit. 5, § 426, from the date of 
this Judgment until the date of payment; and it is further 
ORDERED that the Clerk of Court shall close this matter. 
S' 
CURTIS V. GOMEZ 
Chief Judge 
Waffle House, Inc., 534 U.S. 279, 297 (2002) ("[I]t `goes without 
saying that the courts can and should preclude double recovery by 
an individual.'" (quoting General Telephone Co. of Northwest v. 
EEOC, 446 U.S. 318, 333 (1980)); see also United States v. 
Occidental Chem. Corp., 200 F.3d 143, 149 (3d Cir. 1999) (noting 
"the prohibition against double recovery found in the common 
law"); Restatement (Second) of Judgments § 49 cmt. a (1982) 
("Double recovery is foreclosed by the rule that only one 
satisfaction may be obtained for a loss that is the subject of 
two or more judgments."). 
EFTA00727621

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727622.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727622.pdf
----------------------------------------
June 9, 2009 
Dear Ms. Reich: 
I am not sure what you are trying to accomplish with your repeated e-mails to me 
asserting what you claim to be the outstanding balance of the funds due to Mr. 
Epstein. In the case of your e-mail of today's date, you assert that the outstanding 
balance is $28,373.54 and that your payment of that amount tomorrow "will 
complete the return of surplus monies due Mr. Epstein after payment of the final bill 
for services we rendered in all matters." As I have repeatedly written to you, these 
are not "surplus monies", but funds belonging to Mr. Epstein which your firm has 
retained without justification or providing any legal basis for doing so. Moreover 
the balance of Mr. Epstein's funds that you have retained is $441,305.40, and not 
$28,373.54. As to your final bill for services, I note that Mr. Lefcourt and Mr. Epstein 
have yet to resolve that bill. As I have repeatedly advised you, I see no basis for you 
to offset moneys owed to Mr. Epstein by the amount of a bill which remains in 
dispute. 
Sincerely, 
Harry Beller 
EFTA00727622

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727623.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727623.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM 
Document 56 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/01/2009 
Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 09-80469-Cr-Marra 
JANE DOE II, 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
and 
Defendants. 
MOTION TO ADOPT CO-DEFENDANT EPSTEIN'S 
MOTION TO DISMISS AND REPLY 
Defendant 
by and through undersigned counsel, respectfully requests 
leave to adopt, as her own, co-defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Dismiss and Reply and as 
grounds states: 
1. 
Plaintiff filed the instant action against Mr. Epstein and Ms. 
in March 2009. 
2. 
On July 22,2009, United States District Judge Kenneth L. Marra granted Ms. 
leave until August 3, 2009, to file a responsive pleading in the instant action (DE 49). 
3. 
By this Motion, Ms. 
seeks to file a responsive pleading in this action by 
adopting as if set forth legally and factually by Ms. M, 
co-defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion 
to Dismiss Plaintiff's Complaint and Supporting Memorandum and Exhibits (DE 13), filed May 6, 
2009, and co-defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Reply in Opposition to Plaintiff's Response in Opposition 
to Epstein's Motion to Dismiss (DE 31), filed June I, 2009. 
4. 
Ms. 
requests leave of the Court to adopt these motions as if they were her 
own without burdening the record with a duplicative filing. 
EFTA00727623
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM 
Document 56 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/01/2009 
Page 2 of 2 
WHEREFORE, Defendant 
respectfully requests this Court grant this Motion and 
permit her to adopt co-defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff's Complaint and 
Supporting Memorandum and Exhibits (DE 13), filed May 6, 2009, and co-defendant Jeffrey 
Epstein's Reply in Opposition to Plaintiff's Response in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Dismiss 
(DE 31), filed June 1, 2009, as if each were set forth factually and legally by Ms. 
in their 
totality. 
Respectfully submitted, 
BRUCE E. REINHART, P.A. 
By: /s/ Denise Kalland 
DENISE KALLAND 
Florida Bar No. 39025 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Tel: 
(561) 202-6360 
Fax: 
(561) 863-8691 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
THIS IS TO CERTIFY that on August 1,2009 the undersigned served copies of 
Motion to Adopt Co-Defendant Epstein's Motion to Dismiss and Reply by electronic 
CM/ECF filing to all counsel of record. 
/s/Denise Kalland 
DENISE KALLAND 
EFTA00727624

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727625.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727625.pdf
----------------------------------------
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
CST. THOMAS, U.S. VIRGIN ISLAND 
KITCHEN PROGRESS SET: 09.23. 2010 
DRAWING INDEX 
D0.00 
COVER SHEET 
O0.00 
SCHEDULES AND NOTES (NOT INCLUDED) 
D5.01A 
ENLARGED KITCHEN FLOOR PLAN 
D5.01B 
ENLARGED KITCHEN ELECTRICAL PLAN 
O5.01C 
ENLARGED KITCHEN LIGHTING PLAN 
D5.01O 
ENLARGE KITCHEN FINISHES PLAN 
O5.01E 
ENLARGED FURNITURE PLAN 
D6.01A 
KITCHEN INTERIOR ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
O6.01B 
KITCHEN INTERIOR ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
D7.01A 
MILLWORK DETAILS: KITCHEN ISLAND 
O7.01B 
MILLWORK DETAILS: KITCHEN CABINETS 
D7.01C 
MILLWORK DETAILS: KITCHEN CABINETS 
D7.01O 
MILLWORK DETAILS: KITCHEN CABINETS 
D7.01E 
MILLWORK DETAILS: KITCHEN BANQUETTE 
D7.01F 
MILLWORK DETAILS: KITCHEN BANQUETTE 
LAND SURVEYORS 
BRIAN MOSLEY & 
ASSOCIATES, INC 
4003 RAPHIAN HILL ROOD 
SUITE 606. ST. THOMAS. VI C0302 
PHONE (340)1744310 
FAX (340) 77641090 
CONTRACTOR 
LSJ, LLC 
AMERICAN YACHT KARMA 
6100 RED HOOK OUARTER. SURE EIS 
ST.IHO6WS.N 00802 
DESIGNER 
MARKZEFF 
515 WEST 20711 STREET. 4W 
NEW YORK, NY 10011 
PHONE: 212.624.4001 
PHONE (340) 7794064 
FAX 212.84'4.400e 
FM(340)7791055 
CONTACT: RYANWM.11AT 
CONTACT: CARY KENNET 
CONTACT:JORGE PORTA 
EFTA00727625
--- PAGE 2 ---
CIO 
r„L 
J% 
IA 
„„iti ccor 6„ 
\D 010,0 
cr{ 
\I) yor
MARKZEFF 
i 
i 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
ITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
HO GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
., ,,............ 
NO 
TN 
MAAR 
PI 
C> 
. 
I .r..'
l 
I\ 
WILL
'
WO,
/ 
/ 0  
'IX .
1.05. 
' 
r-
i ,u1. 
yr 
/ 
1101 Fur 0. W, 
- 
', lit 
111
/ 
I 
/ 
/ 
r 
O 
— 
— 
/ 
POEF/OLII 
k 
C.4 
/ 
C\ I 
I
\ 
I 
., 
>- — 
I 
I 
I 
I 
., 
li 
o 
co 
, 
I 
\ 
I 
. 
W 
PASE: 
a  psesz
Esi:E,
Tc.0:0sr.
 g❑0 FEW DOCUMENT 
so cocumwr 
111 catsimxna4 DOCIARNI 
• MOORE:WREN** °COVENT 
I:1 CRESENTATON 
[ 
0. 
E.'S., MEN 
I 
I 
\
T 
\ 
I 
• 
LL 
E. 
__?, 
I 
. 
a .
. 
.70 
\ 
—.J. 
_ 
1.—
C 
Spa 
\ 
I 
... 
— 
w
wen 
”fr 
orm 
\ 
I
)
L 
On3 t) FROYIESS SET 
On V S5VE TCR RVEW 
06201 tSAJE JCR REVEw 
00.16 V 611E KR REVEW 
A 
09.I0 V t5:54E feRREVEW 
\ 
r 
i 
FLOOR PLAN 
) 
OW V ‘51;UE KR REVEW
CAC6 V .tS9JE KR REVEW 
• 
r: 9 07 I) ISSUE FOR CONSMOTION 
scut tt.".7 
(I) 
FLOOR PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
PLUMBING FIXTURE SCHEDULE 
FLOOR PLAN SHEET NOTES 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
FLOOR PLAN 
IRFIIIC TnIt 
c 
I 
DISTDCPPRIFONTOPHIRSI 
<3;•-+ 
MCCATESMMTKOTIKSREFEAOFIM.II 
POIFOUREMEIFIMUNIIIOUIrt 
C) PISTMI090Ontnl MIPS% 
= 
winwermoii. az swarm roicuancaioN 
OLCOMAINZS 
.. 
in 
nworm
L a
i 
I .
.r.easawarnaeun 
ma amnia 00103kVill• OW= SOW 
= 
PUMFOVIIMOMR010011,0 
43. 
MICA= IZEWZOIPMPIEt 
PeOFAUCEr 
ow warae was cciatim4row To aunt 
4rj 
INNIFOTRJOIRONF 
MIA INCOTIV 
lo__ 
KIIINOLRRICINIMPORMOI 
*FICAMMCD:RWANK 
• • 
• 
KFIFIMIPNOMPle 
a
Ms mese exiatme 
IFDIFF/ei Way FT FIFIF44410AnFIFIMFIFIAFF. 
HOOTESOKIII00110FMMINORCIENIM 
41- 
O
 DECONIFMCMISVOLDIC 
WIT 
AS NOTED 
lams rnsemen 
ID it:cairngorms 
-'1:17-.1l7.
‘. • 
I D5.
94trit, 
=0 
OCCAMISNINGEIRLYRIEMPS 
RDEOOFICRESIOXI 
Cones ectowcen, wino 
czaj 
NXIMIPOSOFCWOIIIIIIMRK 
€0 
arm TM. UZIVOCOMEIPJS. 
.0 
1100084111Ife 
® 
eau twaanvamentesenutet 
,E) -.- rZ
eis
lEiwOrtome
lTh m
ol:. m'EWVOlte 
O 
FICORPUREMEEIMEOUIER tamummtorwra 
Mn 
OSAT.2010 
inn 
S 
otoctorr ut 
EFTA00727626
--- PAGE 3 ---
)]] 
NOTE' 
I GC TO PROVIDE liIRELESS k%1-Fl I 
/ 
/ 
•-•+1-1. 
Ira 
I m 
i 
-sr 
-< 
i 
CD
/ 
ITa 
El 
Di
ELECTRICAL PLAN 
56.6a vr-.a.
EQUIPMENT SCHEDULE 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
ELECTRICAL PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
ELECTRICAL PLAN SHEET NOTES 
e 
1.000 NNE* 112001C4010.10 
0:11.00000604CtiniAlThlatrini 
4)71
$16012 1100)1•01100/Ita 
0.1140110010003) 
01.00) 
PINDREBTA01001.40FAILI 
MEWISill 0410000 
-e 
sO
mu 1012 ileunDoultisMOUVOL 
%%ILL 1.000 
WWRROVRL 
sis10.0419014.0.110:20E 
%WALL IMMIX ICIANDIMPLEACCEPTACLI 
000100/flit 
MU IMMO 001/310.1010211/02 
rwatva.wriancrceisc 
.10000ACTORKII 
cougars imissithits foutiveashocrist) 
602 
VOICIt WILE0L010401300 ,1 
ORT014,0 
MOLFERKENCCOIR0000/40101aFOR 
immaiLusso0N 
insaitc4Pmentis 
RUSICLOOR 009.001.100E 
RUSICLOORIC00I0C001 
•
CM= 
OIL 16000 ME P/00 
laeltiffintena 
0101.051t10.0 001100 
YOUJWIEDRECINIO0GMEr 
fl
flafl
500010.01rtat 
Rubino:a guano no iniewiwimmisras 
qlt icuilm)lioicaTAT 
Ems ueuirlibliiii/Kiiitillanial 
gal 10.40101111001W1/0.1 
ww.NciATE)cmoiwiat 
0_
D]_
Or
Cal 
ID 
I 
REFER SPEC Mall 
POREVACII01104 
0EIROAKCO 
ISMOIWOR 
r-,-wc. 
Mina! 
00/00034 
COMPMet 
nAISONISI 
a W.031 
IMMSATORILSOEOVOLL 
Iwxcanclnlmv.0itcsi 
anMnALLL.cc0 
man 
00TAmonsausis AT0 To0 nnny. 
00.41E ACC00, . 
a 
ALL fetYleCtE *ME COMMA 04 MOML 
N7Ifd)RUEIS 
eenstif 
- 
01,10K KiralL0t /SF 0.0401106YECNOITS 
niova wag( mamag oncini0/10 
rev 
:0 MOAN Ali00)1000 ,4* al N.0.001,040.40 
1.40 =MOAT Mt 
80Alle get (MU) 
IA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
Ho. 6A RED HOCK QUARTER 
Ormim 
C!) 
NOI.tur 
PASE: 
K 504VATC OWN 
CI DESIGN OVELOPIIENT 
El FONT DOCUMENT 
O 8 D =UMW 
K CCNSTRIXTur4 DOCUlert 
• 
FROGRESUREVIEWOCCUYEXT 
U 
CRESENTATON 
0813 77 PROYIESS SET 
On 
R$VEFOR RENEW 
00)0.)) tSSiE JCR RENEW 
OM 55 ,SSVEFCR RENEW 
JO 
faiREvEw 
)  
01222 
LThE FOR REVEAL 
09,03.55 GWE 
REvEw 
.
I 
, 
or 55 ISSUE KR counicncu 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
ELECTRICAL PLAN 
RABIC. "At 
WIT 
AS NOTED 
ID5.01B 
faL 11011=CAIIMIRSIDINCIMICIA 
0.11C0010,1000 ,a90 
e 
WILL WACO) WAIIICHICIE 
RUISELOOR10181830AIEDDACOECEPTACI.E 
Sir Na 
DAM 
09.07.5010 
Man Ov 
S 
oitc4fht.v.. IC
EFTA00727627
--- PAGE 4 ---
z 
( 
d 
I 
I 
I  
I 
I 
IL
\ 
I 
DODD 
k 
— — 
l$ 
g4k 
1-- 
__,V 
.......V 
«MIME 
aticsinuaes 
).—.—I 
i 
ir I . 
i  
i
('. 
—
 -- --" — --.. 
70•11,9tialt 
Kamm 
MD.. if unit 
i 
ei 
I 
lamp& _ 
rtanuDne 
...• 
— 
t_ 
I \ 
LiellY-
/
j 
Ni 
‘
I 
. 
. 
. 
.- 
- —ct 
. — . — . — — - — 
— 
A
I 
IL 
- 
'SI 
.-- 
TOCIIITt 
I 
, 
''.. 
-10+:0 --. 
... 
d 
CON. 
-d _.4_ .., _
I
A 
i ...) 
,,.. 
,,,... 
KORATHE 
900WILOrti 
A 
k 
MAL Moen" 
CO:010Pi 
POCIWILOrtS 
/ 
/ 
maaa 
I 
I 
I ir 
I 
S 
10..u. ia,01 
CSC L041. 
4. 
. 
 ss, 
rOms QOM. 
- 
. - 
- 
I 
I 
_._. 
• 
C 
• 
C 
. 
NI 
. - 
I 
_.:/. _ . _. 
A 
foliii 
011.14 
tV 
i 
C 
I 
o 
k 
,- 1 
• -\ 
, 
/ 
...- 
ToCeplia 
DO:OMPot 
~oaen 
1. 
Ts 
• )_ 
. _ 
10AL reedit. 
«COMP& 
100.1€14.18 
r 
•. 
L 
--........, 
A 
T
cr 
• 
T 
....) 
i 
A 
.--cp 
A 
Tte=e 
19~0 Las 
‘•
• 
.... 
A 
. __ 
Tommat • 
fi  1 
/ / 
 , 
- I -r 
. 
, 
r "
- - 1 
r 
! 
•i 
I 
i 
is) 
i 
i 
O
LIGHTING PLAN 
Walt 12WO" 
- *eV 
••••• 
41.11
0Cflef 
DIMMERISATTOI ZONING 
ZONE 1:0 PENDANT LIGHT FIXTURE ABOVE BANOUETTES 
ZONE 2 (3) PENCIMT LIGHT FIXTURE ABOVE ISLAND/CENTER OR ROOM 
ZONED: (S) PENDANT LIGHT FIXTURE ALONG PERIMETER 
ZONE 0: ALL LW ER CABINET LIGHTKG 
ZONE 5: (2)CDLING FANS 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
LIGHTING PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
DECORATIVE FIXTURE SCHEDULE 
LIGHTING PLAN SHEET NOTES 
OA 
IMEBNOCCOM WW1 
NOEIVAMILO4N) 
le 
oilsosirac 
%OW 053 
CP LOCATE trier 9infai AT ~MU lavain P3PilartYCOR 
CX0 onaDatinpacter.sa L win scum= anaarxen. 
 "Drjnnnenta" Wi" 
CP IstnttscioNurria @tow Lin raffles mot 
p 
riounsucaziaby ~ea nvos 
Q itanneU4TOMMUVAreanagner""C" 
i 
e 
NOCATIKMAIT &MOW» ituomeomairol *mat 
9nnontrAtek 
.T1 ior.mareittprx,st 
irCrlaiDOKICWWW4I. 
~ 
Una Mtn vat 
A 
1:44.~ WOW KM reCR" 
°Lao= ~um ems 
C> 
Ca.M.Z.MILIPICISOCIPUSIOONCOIPMMI 
~out snurrnii 
. 
iii 
mama canixoncopa 
I 
C 
011.6101. 
I 
ID 
Obi KM WM 
* 
STMO.3PC•if OF WaiTLECCUOMORIPECIMMIli 
I 
)2 
BLIMACEIONEOLOMWE 
aninialieltliin !MDT IS 
I 
I 
• 
atoielintail Milt 
149 
MU iii:WIM opted, sz. 
I 
s 4 
MIL NOIMIZORPIMYtairrfn 
la 
UMITMOIIII2 
10141.1101101:0APMEOCMYPITO. 
LEI 
zearnsoirtam 
4. 4 I 
e' 
W011eitte•WMPRePSOMERIMICal 
=I 
ZMILIANKSZLOINBROM 
Ei 
92FuONICOrtuleaRCWE 
__ 
miteiteitteed inaclatalcROI 
„,:, ,,, ,,,,.," nn,,,.,,,,a ,..:,,ccrem. Lro, 
• 
ot twzr.ci.nre.rantonop 
IA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
Ha 6A RED HOC« QUARTER 
AM.I.IL,F OILwO 
PASE: 
K 504EMMIG DOM 
CI DESIGN DETELOMCIT 
El POW DOCUMENT 
K NOCOCUIR/R 
D CCHSTRIXOC74 oociAert 
• FROGRESUREVIEWOCCuliDa 
n GRESENTATOH 
OA/1.0 PRCOIESS SET 
00.4 
$94E ECRRVEW 
OR20 
t59JE FORM'S, 
OR% +7 .15SVE KRREVEW 
A 
MO +3 SSA 
REVEW 
) 
Oda SPil 
tgitiE FOR REV el 
.0941» sDARAREvEw 
,(1407 
155UE ECACONSTENC7co 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
LIGHTING PLAN 
~TM 
sat 
AS NOTED 
DAM 
09.07.2010 
flown itt 
J 
aloe, tar... Ia 
EFTA00727628
--- PAGE 5 ---
FA 
MARKZEFF 
,,,, 
et, 
%.,.. 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
110.6A RED HOCK QUARTER 
it...a...ca... 
Pram 
L)
J 
COWL STONE 
t_cIm„.1„,
<
Th ,k
:CERI
STEit 
II\
) 
(it; T-01 
. 
) 
— 
/ 
I 
=
.7
I 
I 
I
?Gail
I 
t 
I 
I 
I 
WaS
Ma 
® 
OMMI 
OMMValle 
FLOOR 
Ljn.  
= 
MAIN 
L;13 
EZl 
MOMI 
KL. 
Ma 
GOIMMUM 
Mg 
I' \ 
• 
rarec nnral 
uhCONUOM 
ONRACCO.NO 
/ /'
, • 
., 
' 
• 
. 
. 
• 
u 
• 
t r
3-
o 
AKMitur O. WM,
/ 
ri 
I 
I 
L _ 
_ _I 
I 
\ 
I 
\ 
PAM. 
I 
\ 
/ 
/ 
HAIM 
I 
cy 
Cri 
g 
• 
......s2
›- 
— 
+ 
LLI Rau: 
SOSINC OWN 
CI DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
El FEW DOCUIENT 
socccumwr 
El CCNSTRIXT10.4 DOMEN1 
• MGM:WAND./ DOCUMENT 
CRESENTATON 
I 
4  
I 
Pausal 
L_ 
_ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
CC 
i 
g 
I
• 
I 
I 
ea 
Go 
LL 
I 
I 
I / 
/ 
. . 
. 
I 
, 
. 
a .
Z 
— 
I 1 
/ 
we 
i 
f 
I . 
I 
I 
OA 73 7, PROYIESS SET 
0n'7 .ISSVE TCRREVEW 
0620 * 69,1E JCR REaw 
0916U 69,1E KR REVEW 
A 
MO U SSA KR REVERY 
I 
... 
%"
J : 
`I 
IET 
,e 
,;(.,+. V.,f," 
FINISHES PLAN 
) 
06q0 %, NM KR RENEW 
.09,01V S9JE KR REVEW 
I 
067* ISSUE TCR CONSTMICT*N 
SCALE AVIA' 
FINISHES PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
FINISHES SCHEDULE 
FINISHES PLAN SHEET NOTES 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
FINISHES PLAN 
CPANIISTALA 
RCM FOS 
ALCM MANNTICN IMMO. 
rix-nx 
x... 
7/1-Ell 
TX 
"swims 
perm. mace 
lose ros mon: 
ousts 
sera 
nacos 
tem. toms 
IML 
MUM OOMMMI 
.2a 
Ca 
=BLUM 
came 
MO:NW 
VILLEISCI 
INAC 
litu.01 
MON 
1:11)“ 
a* 
liW8111.1717 
Mt 19041
.
IIMPAC 
%Kin 
r
mos:ite
tvsc 
CE(WC.W. 
W 
Ma 
tiai.JAISI 
W.WIC 
rss..,:s ta. ,‘ 
Mt ACCO
nerp 
ato
rwa
sso  
tiss< 
pots ;sun 
...01 
En 
itsmassionsisa 
ITUtCOLOCT40 
IWO. 
:stlecri g
t,  
occuo , (suar.Ao) 
stud 
s 
Naaaaonc.oto 
WM 
AS AIMED 
ID5.01D 
%Kull* 
Ma 
WM 
MIE 
Ma 
MOM 
MEM 
Ma 
WM 
WM 
Ma 
IMMMIC 
Ma 
Ma 
IMMI 
Ma 
/KOK frau ',MK TAOS 
TYPOS. ANVIN TO NJ. 
mws. gq sow taw, 
 gat
ir otkswAJ
„con
 inA if*,(At
ois
t „,.4,,i
. 
F 
ORM% 
tnt- 
031.0111 
. 
WOI 
I 
DAM 
09.0T.2010 
Mauer 
atteltur, NZ 
EFTA00727629
--- PAGE 6 ---
I i7 
IC 
TIT 
I
c]
ROE 
tr 
I 
I 
CM" 
I 
I 
FURNITURE PLAN 
SW( 17.74* 
El
e 
— 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
RJRNITURE I ACCESSORIES/HARDWARE LEGEND 
FURNITURE PLAN SHEET NOTES 
magma 
mom 
mon 
cp itrACE4004.08‘7suulnatO101nlesa00,001 
cr, moms 88c8scrow•va ICUMIICSCOIYASODXIMIN 
DM 
'7' 
ri 
86021018 
• 
NAM 
— 
), 
SWILL COMM NS 
IMOICMOCRIL 
_ 
a 
a 
a 
.... 
Iri
a 
—
a 
_ 
3., 
ah 
_ 
1", 
• 
I. 
IA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED NOCK QUARTER 
NOI.tur 
PASE: 
O SCREW= DEKA 
K DESIGN DEVELONIENT 
O FEW DOCUMENT 
O a D =UMW 
K CENSTRIXTRN ODDMENT 
• 
FROGRESSfREVIEW °COMM 
U CRESENTATON 
05/3 
PROYIESS SET 
On 7) SSVEFCR REV518 
0520/7 SSJEFOR REVEW 
OM 
)S$JEPOR REVEW 
A 
MO 
Glottal MEN 
)  
DAVI II 75$518 FOR REVEy. 
09,01D OSJE KAMEN 
.
I 
,0407 
ISSUE ERR coNstFNEDEN 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
FURNITURE PLAN 
IR0.1•C "At 
WIT 
AS NOIED 
- • 
ID5.01E 
war
DAM 
09.07.2010 
Maier 
S 
886:87688. Dit 
EFTA00727630
--- PAGE 7 ---
 II 
.16 tr. i N.vNra4 
L 
I 
I 
O
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING NORTH 
SCAM lat. 
(ll 
— 
so, 
 KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING SOUTH 
sou sp.-4). 
t. —1-- 7•6* L.. 
'Etc 
it to utmost,
TYPICAL CROWN MOLDING DETAIL 
TYPICAL BASE MOLDING DETAIL 
MOM 
Malt1 
ALIGN 
TYPICAL DOOR THRESHOLD DETAIL 
CAS/ PSTOID 
CUM= monad 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
IA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
HA GA RED HOCK QUARTER 
PHASE: 
K SCAEWTC OWN 
O DESIGN OETEurilENT 
El MUT DOCUMENT 
O 0 to COCUREwr 
K CCNSTRIXOGN 
• MCGEE:WEENIE/MCCAW 
CRESENTATON 
0871.' PROYIESS SET 
On 
FCRREVEW 
0820t t5SJE KRREVEw 
00.16 V,SSJEPCR REVEW 
VATO 
SSJCFC REVEW 
)  
ISM FORM-ay. 
0446.' a!NECCRREVEW 
I 
0807* 15SLIE FCRCONSTRucToi 
KITCHEN 
INTERIOR 
ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
[MSC Tilt 
WIT 
AS NOTED 
-• 
•—
•••-==:' 
ID6.01A 
Ili Na 
DAM 
0907.2010 
MAIM 
S 
0110/fhta". 
EFTA00727631
--- PAGE 8 ---
LTL
to 
Lor 
to 
fa' 
MID - - - 
im 
NOTE 
DOCSA.MICaltUOITROAMINDI 
reS/11/thOw00.0110 1.01.41.1 
FORAM!! 
Dellle Led 
MIMS-CO:PO 
RA tits In 
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING WEST 
SCALE ItT•It 
V 
NOW 
IlOCV.D MOW" UGC CUM MS MR 
AntiOwi. IS ID serratA 
_. 
_ 
. 
IMO
:
 MUSSED 
i 
1011naitt 
xa 
 th
CIMMDAIIR ITILDUT 
It
O
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION 
,‹ NG EAST 
scam urn? 
I 
IVA, OHIMIVATI 
WRAF% 114.4.000f4 
_. 
KO. 
DETAIL: BANQUETTE/WINDOW SECTION 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
IA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
NO. GA RED NOCK QUARTER 
Ltoo..... 
OVIALM 
PHASE: 
K SOLEWTC OWN 
CI DESIGN DEVELOPIC4T 
O SERV DOMAIN! 
O 
D EOCUDELa 
K OCNSTRIXTEN DOCULENT 
• 
FROGRESS METIER OCCUREST 
K CRESENTATON 
OA 73 Xi PROYIESS SET 
On 
FCRRENIW 
0620.' tSSLE FERRETS, 
OM 
OSLIE FERRETED 
A 
VATO 
Glut KARVER 
)  
OSLO 10 *SUE FOR REv 
.0.601/5 tSALE KARVER 
I 
NM 1:t ISSUE FOR CONSTFAIMN 
KITCHEN 
INTERIOR 
ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
IMMO. MU 
Wit 
AS LOCOED 
L^7:-
ID6.01B 
Uit'DD 
DAM 
0947.2010 
Mater 
S 
otc•LItta". 
EFTA00727632
--- PAGE 9 ---
el 
t?4,
fiXTERK)ft LK:OVER FINISH TO AviGi APPROVED CCuTRCt SUJRE
—'4-
I
w 0 
0,22 awssrim 
r.c.w.s.sst 
:vow 
mom 
e 
re 
C)
 DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND PLAN 
SUSS IWO 
swim KR 
sns csmoik 
tcr 
2W 
KM saws. _'I'_ 
a 
;.. _ . 
a. 
— 
I 
cwwws a 
I
carmaassit 
: ../ 
Mum 
I 
I 
I 
N  I 
Wag 
/ 
I 
6. ...., 
../ 
x 
a 
,6 
cp
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND ELEVATION 
Sat 161W 
aL—
2,t 
/ 
+ 
\ — CURD antarant 
0.262x W.-tar •
t 
t 
L 
0)r2) 
or 
NUMB 
stow an 
/cm 
swum; siscm.....2 
Mil woman 
kw romech 
6221204000W/0. Witt 
rortaAnal 
/ 
smaussmess 
KISS 
AVMS elle 
MAU MILSMAMISte.m: 
Somas MIAOW 
aI
 NF 
Saoctantuawam 
MAMTItYx 
rak 
2.00.2% Pawn 
6V
 WOOS 
MDR WM 
 J 
Ina TrOwin 
WinliCataa 
b 
O
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND SECTION 
Seat I 116.1 
to 
DETAIL: SECTION 
DISHWASHER 
NYE RE ER Maier 
0,16$ Eli WEGFOPC6S 
22.1KOJNED 
mew:art ma AralLsoov 
AS rut wesmaamen 
issmo.cr0.5/ 
EXTERICR LACQUERED FINISH TO MATal APPROVED CONTROL SAMPLE 
PROu alF(101•90.025 
mom iftfinctire 
UCEAKtall MOAK 
WHI9216.03 
MASH 
II 
WASH 
II 
ll
WAWA 1112
cacritemarout 
• Hnwannor. 
 J 
Slta
Ytanitiwalti 
h
M
O
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND SECTION 
6r-qt sera 
,— owlet ltmrA a 
O
DETAIL: SECTION 
SW: 676 2-0 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
IA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOCK QUARTER 
012,012 
1101. tu 0...6600 
FHASE: 
K SCHEMILTC 0{804 
O DESIGN DEVELOPIINT 
O KUM DOCUMENT 
O 8 D coCulahrr 
K CCNSTRIXT624 DOCLOANT 
• 
FROGRESUREVIEWOCCUYEXT 
K CRESENTATON 
an, 
N6:06Ess SET 
On 
IS$JEFCR REVEw 
0820 1) tSSJE JCR REVEw 
00.16 V .1:514€KeRivEw 
A 
0810.1) SSA feRREVEw 
464) 
‘51kIE FOR REvEp 
.09,036) SAJECCRREVEw 
0607* t5SuE FOR cousTmicorti 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
ISLAND 
[Paw Tole 
AS NOTED 
ID7.01A 
C)
 DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND ELEVATION 
Kul two 
O
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND ELEVATION 
Bout nito 
air *a 
ave 
09.07.2010 
Maier 
J 
caitc4LDS6 
aft 
EFTA00727633
--- PAGE 10 ---
VYCOLDIENOP 
o.111 
"ATMS 
1—PLVAAAM Peg& 
119 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
V:kE: itrerce 
EXTERIOR LACOUERECI RICH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL WOKE 
M.Y.0 riNcrOtk 
NW Ch. 
ICE MACHINE 
MT. WM MECUPlert 
o oarononot 
ICAO.DAMDOM 
VDIMATION 
fECA.1041WOJCILIS4 
•4MUCDO.1 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
KALE I laME. 
000D Walla 
—'—I 
•—•\ 
PPE MC MAN 
\\ 
rECOERr AMIXDCOVED 
FAVOrSLICLCCPCattl. n 
MOMS WAIF( own 
ANJIMIttSMOIS 
t*.Mt MINOR C0.01 olgr 
Tr 
LVOILER Ih 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
I Irt•14.
STOUSSIrat  
polONME.TMCAS. 
NOW OVCCO SAL 
monks. 
'Mt !AOC 101.14 — 
7-11:rn "MAI WIDID Wee 
- rIgiOttlie/rCUli 
COCIALID HAMM 
DM= MCA 
— Karat 
SICLVCS 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
IA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
NO. 6A RED NOCK QUARTER 
.• 
OVIALM 
/10.1.tur 
PHASE: 
K SCNEW)C OWN 
CI DESIGN OEVEUPNENT 
El FEW DOCUMENT 
O 
D =WENT 
K CCNSTRIXOGN 000AENT 
• 
FROGRESS !ENE* D:CUIIDIT 
K CRESENTATON 
OA 73 
PROYIEss SET 
On 
S5VE TCRREVEW 
0820 1) SSJEJCR REVEw 
00.16 V,SSJEECR REVEW 
A 
MO I) SSJEEp1 REVEW 
)  
OOD) 
414,IE FOR NEvEw 
09.03)) QAJE FOR MEW 
I 
0407 I) ISSUE TURCONsmuncu 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
CABINETS 
-"C 
Wit 
AS NOTED 
— • 
ID7.01B 
• I110 
DAM 
09.07.2010 
DUNI SY 
S 
0.11:41bta". IC 
EFTA00727634
--- PAGE 11 ---
I.
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: I I/!-wr 
I 
A 11%
TWA 
EXTERIOR I.ACOUERED FlOSII TO MATCH APORCNED CONTROL SALINE 
POOICE ktithett GB*,
VAVADE built & 
WtAIRiVNIKA 
m 
rCA 
AIX 
soarassroo — 
MOWN. "ITC& 
WWI CAM! RXXLWWIC 
rCK bIX Stv9€ 
sl<K 'CO A Pi MID etibta 
CtXkla, rte 
ritNIX at , 4Ma% 0.015 1,4 
- — FROMEICIPOUT 
COKtian) BROOM 
D gat TWA 
nit 
 U 
L
WED= 24:AS 
Ti• 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE I VEN‘t 
t 
ADMPAILE 
MIXER. 
SION MK DRAM 
INPADEICADOCCat 
KIAIBUSIMILM 
rflarATIIIMROACR 
TOM 
not 
j 
t• 
T
STOICTOPWIATINDOZOral 
g9tAtEDEUMECOSEt. 
1Ye 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE I NE-r.(r 
i I—MI/AIWA tICAII 
T9 
:TNI:EVLOSECAJVCI, 
UM/ 40 fiThrb 4 
MAMA NIA M. CM CA, YAM 
...— DISIXHFADVOUTT 
CONCIAIMOACP-_, N 
POWS. MEM 
— - 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE T or-to-
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
IA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOCK QUARTER 
OVIALM 
/1O1.tur orNwo 
PASE: 
K SCNEWL7C OWN 
O DESIGN OEVELONIENT 
El FEW DOCUMENT 
O OD =WANT 
K OCNSTEXTEN OOCUIEN7 
• 
FROGRESS /REVIEW OCCUWEXT 
K CRESENTATON 
0878 
PROLKEss SET 
On 1) ISSVE KR EVEN 
042.10 .4478 JCR EVEN 
OM 17 .151818 7CK RIVEN 
MO I) GINE Ka Moto 
04@.10 EINE FON RENEW 
.09.03.7) tE478 CCR Moto 
I 
Km 17 ISSUE KR coNsmETEN 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
CABINETS 
PANIMATALA 
wt 
AS NOTED 
air In 
DAM 
09.07.7010 
MANDY 
S 
0.11:4LDta". 
DIL 
EFTA00727635
--- PAGE 12 ---
P. 
POIAWIE 
MTA 
nvac 
rnOkOftamiliECOMT. 
'cracy/40M 
t utfinleraeaRaA AN 
STANtlea WO= 
cites 
MaF 
oatiCAINITPUIX WM. 
BRIE MC4 PUS. 
r
ult10/..MIle (tt 
nANI 
I I 
I I 
nymi 
Ate 
arc 
et 
I I 
.." 
Lana 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALF. I 1.2=rd 
EX'TERICOLACCUEREOFNISH TO %NMI APPROVED CONTROL SAMPLE 
REFIGERATOR 
rat army wawa 
0.1 nerantanCATIN 
;OR CLEOW.CE MOS WO. 
KOSS) 
W0.0C1WEra) 
n*Trirtii 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
5OL 
I 12", l'ff 
dfArnit7 C CP A MTh 
MUM 
I S
OPEN 
FOR 
REFIGERATOR 
FqR Op 10 MM." 
OJI>1QIOtWSAid 
POMP-0NC! 0.0wirmliON 
rean 0 I. woUriertfeS 
iNSW2041 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
r:AIE: 147‘r.ff 
01.01 N 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
IA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. MA RED HOOK QUARTER 
WPM 
MI? R.. OlEK DIU 
psEE: 
O SCEOWIC CCM 
O OEM 0EvELOPMENT 
O POLITY DOCUMENT 
O SD OcCuum 
O CONSTRUCTON DOCIAIOrt 
■ PROGRESS RENEW DOCUMENT 
O PRESENTATCM 
r:e 23. to PROGRESSED' 
C4)22 17 $SSLE FOR NEVES 
II 
COZAD ISSLE r Da REvEN 
E Co2 x6.10 1SSI,E F 01 REM' 
I 
a 7770 'SO.( iOR REvEw 
IQ a; IQ. ism Fag REvEN 
.07.0I.0 ,ISSLE FOR REA' or 
I 
co Ø7 ID ISSLIE FOR CCASIN,CTIC74 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
CABINETS 
dwelt: 'alt 
AS NOTED 
swr0 
EIt 
09.013010 
Olowever: 
s. 
Cale by. la 
EFTA00727636
--- PAGE 13 ---
.e.nci OO4X. 
rOkie*E0..u. 
ir.dipsecTor oscurn P Sd mr, 
12_ 
rellanicazorma. 
MN OLfai 
IL 
.40161Dgetil NMI 
FORN, Wififirr 
 DETAIL: BANQUETTE 
SCAE 1'31.6 
venal 
Clltif
r.lciecre. 
SPIJA AP 
• ..—Iefl:DOCCIiipmai. 
ibinitairmier 
ld 
ii AS A 
ff 
INf 
S
 ACCISffirtf. 
ANXO1O:O2$Pnet 
Naucixeca 
104 MEOLtsISI 
O
DETAIL: BANQUETTE OPTIONS 
SCAE 01, 0* 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
IA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. MA RED HOOK QUARTER 
KErliat 
.14.3411%. Qt. FKOltp, 
psEE: 
O 500.0TIC Cad. 
O OENNOEvELOPMENT 
O POLITY DOCUMENT 
O SD OcCumEmr 
O CONSTRUCTONDOCLAIOrt 
O PROGRESS/RENEWDOCUMENT 
O PRESENTATCN 
tem to PROCRESSSET 
C422 
$S3LE FON REVEN 
COZAD 451E FMREVEN 
CoiO6 
Iss,EFoiNtmeA,
a to.* ISSLE FOR Reitti 
40i• IQ. ism Fog REVEW 
.cistan .4.5t1FORREvfor 
CODE. 0  1551.E FOR CONSTRucTicei 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
BANQUETTE 
piewilaint 
Wit 
AS NOTED 
lD 7.01E 
sierra, 
DIt 
09.072010 
Olowever: 
P. 
Cleat. Ft 16 
EFTA00727637
--- PAGE 14 ---
IA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
NO. VT RED HOOK QUARTER 
A4).• U.. 
• Ix 
• 
Site MIT -- 
C
-2,, DETAIL: BANQUETTE SECTION 
SW( an. 
MKODACCESI NICLAT Miff 
""130160041 
Ci
t DETAIL: BANQUETTE SECTION 
r•rir 
1.0TPOSEROATUTIalf 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
PFM.SE: 
O SCEETWIC CCM 
O OEM 0EvELOPMENT 
O POLITY DOCUMENT 
O SO OCCullEMT 
O CONSTRUCTON DOCIAIOrt 
■ PROGRESS RENEW DOOME/rt 
O PRESENTAD:M 
r:e 23. to PROGRESS SET 
T 
CO 2212 ISSLE FOR NEVES 
03.20 
ISSLE r CR REVEN 
• 
CO T6.10 ISSIR FOR RM..: 
I 
a !GTO 'SOX FOR REAL' 
; 
IP 'SOX FON spies 
.02 DLO ISSLE FOR REVEL' 
I 
CO D!. o 'sue FOR CONSTRuCTON 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
BANQUETTE 
oxmflt
SOL' 
AS NOTED 
ID7.01F 
sierra 
atm_ 
09.072010 
010W1401: 
Maier 
la 
EFTA00727638

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727639.pdf
----------------------------------------
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
CST. THOMAS. U.S. VIRGIN ISLAND 
KITCHEN PROGRESS SET: 09.23. 2010 
DRAWING INDEX 
iD0.00 
COVER SHEET 
ID0.04 
SCHEDULES AND NOTES (NOT INCLUDED) 
ID5.01A 
ENLARGED KITCHEN FLOOR PLAN 
ID5.01B 
ENLARGED KITCHEN ELECTRICAL PLAN 
ID5.01C 
ENLARGED KITCHEN LIGHTING PLAN 
ID5.01D 
ENLARGE KITCHEN FINISHES PLAN 
ID5.01E 
ENLARGED FURNITURE PLAN 
ID6.01A 
KITCHEN INTERIOR ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
ID6.01B 
KITCHEN INTERIOR ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
ID7.01A 
ID7.016 
ID7.01C 
ID7.01D 
ID7.01E 
ID7.01F 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN ISLAND 
KITCHEN CABINETS 
KITCHEN CABINETS 
KITCHEN CABINETS 
KITCHEN BANQUETTE 
KITCHEN BANQUETTE 
LAND SURVEYORS 
BRIAN MOSLEY & 
ASSOCIATES, INC 
4003 RAPHUNE HILL ROAD 
SUITE 606: ST. THOMAS. VI 00802 
PHONE (340) 774-5310 
FAX (340)776-4090 
CONTRACTOR
LSJ, LLC 
AMERICAN YACHT HARBOR 
6100 RED HOOK OUARTER, SUITE 83 
ST.THOMAS: VI 00802 
PHONE (340) 779-8054 
FAX (340) 779-8055 
DESIGNER 
MARKZEFF 
515 WEST 20TH STREET. 4W 
NEW YORK. NY 10011 
PHONE: 212.624.4004 
FM: 212.624.4038 
CONTACT: RYAN WISEHART 
CONTACT: GARY KERNEY 
CONTACT: JORGE PORTA 
EFTA00727639
--- PAGE 2 ---
VT 
16 
-
H 
/ 
/ 
-VO 
_t-
3V' 
oI
• 
nnY2* —,•— r* 
moh• I 
3,0* 
 tr4)4* 
: 
/ 
SIW 
E0 
C 
11.0* 
WILL SW. 
S ST OtEHOOD 
11431 
C4' STOVE 
E0 
Rs 
I I 
_ 3 
7.1P 
4r-
I
FLOOR PLAN 
ii 
L 
I 
N-CP) 
SCALE G2.71/ 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
FLOOR PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
PLUMBING FIXTURE SCHEDULE 
FLOOR PLAN SHEET NOTES 
COSTING PARTMON TO BMW 
O 
NEWPARTrra SEE WaTMES KR clammy" 
EOSTEKIFOLKIATai ND FOOT03 
NJ CATES PJRT.Tht TIC£ 
fift LE !US) 
ALIGN SURFACES 
INDICATES EIEVAllON WAXER 
NEW' FOUR FRE RATED P.IRTITEti 
TESSECMN INNER
O 
NEWGLASS PARTIM41.9 
*OEMS CoitRilEAD SO:rn'S MOOR CPENNIS 
0010010INEWSITIMILMOW TOPS 
7990191 
14CATESIREASOECUSTEMMaciOng 
OEM WAS. COMM IILWBOL:94.0 nwefR 
e 
RCOm wi.E NO ROOM tiNefft 
tockrEs F fa sma: Decor 
R.utti:IG °mai sweet 
:P41) KOLE BASH SNEUNOERYOMT 
PNNFNICEf 
:EL02)0KKLIDDEflailfr
ipoLHANCET 
r.03) POT FUER FAUCET 
riD04 Mt SEE vr700A $0f.tiAL 
CANS DOLM TYPE 
reaTESIVICORE INPE 
C::: DOS 11193 iuTOEn vat Riimn 
C 
F ALM Winn (TO ALM win: OPPOSTE PAW 
mos n KG SM1N VOUS OF SCREENNG ROCM TO REWH 
euLT.H annum 
a, ICON mean AT OVUM IMOLIELTE MUER CEM&S) 
terns 0E00:tAILE man mina 
rOCATES CEL03 
(1 GENETS WON WOOL ISO 
t 
WOO SWISS 
rooms untR velum? 
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
inkM-4,3 
CHO 
LROlifECTCE RECC4:0 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC 
OESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELOVENT 
H PERMIT DOCUMENT 
J BIDOOCIAIENT 
: CONSTRUCTION 
00CLAIENT 
■ PROGRESS) REVIEW DOCUMENT 
• PRESENTATION 
09.23.10 FROGRESS SET 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.16.10ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
1010 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
6.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
{09.0810  ItSSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07.10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
FLOOR PLAN 
3",111 /43 1111 
50411. 
AS NOTED 
ID5.01A 
O 
FLO3R111/1 SIAM rata ttENOIES at MS (AWNS 
5:4LLT nO 
GATE 
09.07.2010 
DRAVR-4 Err: 
P 
DECKED ar LQ 
EFTA00727640
--- PAGE 3 ---
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
THMS. J 
,I.:4111iLWO 
1.2141.141 
NOTE 
GC TO PROVIDE WIRELESS WITI 
-4 
RI 
SS 
ail 
coo) 
IDS 
ELECTRICAL PLAN 
LI 
ODENAOIR 
F 
WALE 07.1,0* 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
ELECTRICAL PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
EQUIPMENT SCHEDULE 
ELECTRICAL PLAN SHEET NOTES 
aikam)4511EOD14MARCCOniCAPISIALEO 0 trill ryO-4, 
EATER CA NOME O DAD RECOMCLE V.• WATERRESISTAHT 
kA• 
OMR 
C 
R.I191 FLOOR MOUNTED EIEDICATED DUPLEX RECEPTACLE 
MAW O461OPATIED (PERRI° MOMENT UST) 
RUSH ROM MOUPOIDJUCTIN BOX 
OII
ADDMOIVL 
DOOMS MOM PEAR ELECTRICAL DWGMIODDXS FOI 
IWO 
ta 
?Oa MOUNTED DUPLEX RECEPTACLE 1WGROUN3 FAIAT 
WED:WM 1.4 ALL NEI LOCATONS 
41) 
WU RIOUIDEDIDETCD BOX 
MP 
MEURER= MCCALLUM UNGSAM) 11O1ES RR 
ADOMONALINFORIADON 
.
WitlIallMSPUI DINED RECEIDAGEW MOONS 
WPM'S IRE ODER MAWS MOWED 
RUSH ROM MOUNTED rEtECISDNE RECEPTACLE 
WALL IMMO OW TVOJTLET 
me
WMLFMMSD 
RUSIROOR KUM° DATA PICIPT 
co 
panasronsixo 
SOukftettIttURECIPTACLE 
4/ 
Win WOWED DEDICATED RECENT.= 
RUIN ROM NOTED TM (DATA RICEPT/AL 
ON 
PAIR PNID. 
WILIMOIDDEDSIIRECRECEPROE 
tow.4044MEDNICESII0 QOM OUILE1 
RTENCOPARI CANVAS NCHTOR 
Wall IMMO ISOLATEO UMW ADDIPTACIE 
, 
MAN RACItICIMID Nit 40000444RECEPTACLE 
E 
MEL RIOLIDEDDERMOBTAT 
WOVE WONTED COPO RECEPTACLE 
OWL IMMED1B.4PRONE RECEPTACLE 
Will MOIRITEDGVO PINDER 
Pal WONTED ROUTED OM FECEIDACIE 
- 4 
WNL DOUNTIO TOE) DMARECOWACLE 
{]
WU DONIEDPUBH SIMON 
DIMON= DEDICATEDODIC MUM= 
WALL NUM OM RECEPTACS 
ROSH FLOOR MOUNI4DSCIAND DUROPECIPTARS 
. , 
RUSH FLOOR /MATED OURDIRECEPTACIE 
MIEN FLOOR WONTED DADRECDPTICLE 
DESCRIPTION 
ELECT RCA RECUREMEMS 
C.9009ER 
REUSE EXGING STOW 
PE CSC STOVE HOO3 
DI' PEI GERAION 
REFRGERNTON 
TOLPS:414 
03.44411aRIOCKNOWE 
MVO 
=FEE WAR 
RAT SCREEN IV 
IN ILVCER 
449142441ORWMAGEOSPOYL 
RIPER SPEC 9*ETS 
on0 
II 
} 
FREON SUFFKI-ENT EXIPA ELECTRICAL COtOJDAYSE RIR DAM:CATON NNW 
IthtiOUEDE PONOR OATARECEPTACtES VAL ATTACH 40 SASE OF 40.0i.tITE 
comma AccORDear. 
CD ALL RECEPTACLE MOVE COWER Kenn* WAIL WONTED Oa RECEDDCWW 
WI ION RSTALLED44/IF 44tESSOMMET4OTEM 
CID PROVE OURa NECEPINCLEONECRY DELON PONE TOP 
op PREMED RECESSED ADA POKER AS MOORED KR CO MASERS. 
AV EOUNT/ENT LOCATED AT USE CF IYMETIE (ME KUL% 
ARODrECT Cf RECORD 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
• 1 DESIGN DEVELCPIIENT 
PERMT DOCUMENT 
J 
BID DOCUMENT 
: I CONSTRUCTION 00CUMENT 
■ PROGRESSI REVIEW DOCUMENT 
• 
PRESENTATION 
109.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
0610  ItSSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07.10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
09.23.10 PROGRESS SET 
062110 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
2010 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.16.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
1010 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
ELECTRICAL PLAN 
DRAWM1TRE 
SCAIE: 
AS NOTED 
......naanor.weesicarrats•4 
. 
wist/I• deelinTIR COO CCWIla 
ID5.01B 
DIET nO 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
ORMD•Ort. 
P 
CMCKE 0 Etr• 
LQ 
EFTA00727641
--- PAGE 4 ---
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
WI .B
OECCRAME 
PENONC 
LOC 
CD 
co 
DECORATE 
PE440)1 
LION 
Hie 
DDDD 
i 
ro  w
B
OLEITE 
DECORATES 
MOW WETS 
i 
NI 
TOM. PUOLCO4 
EGCCIPATHE 
MOW I. On 
/ 
PEA 
DECORAME
DoW
liniainE
L•443 
/
." 
4144441 
k 
LNEIY-
a 
j
/ 
— . — 
-I. 
_ 
_ . _ _ 
. _ 
I 
I 
I 
t 
N. 
-- 
TOCEMER 
N. 
E 
[AGM 
E 
CLORdi 
4- 
, 
I 
- 
TOCC4114 
CIECCRAME 
MOW 03NTS 
A 
, 
. 
TOALLPERNETER 
DECCOMIVE 
ODOM VOLTS 
/ 
OECORAITLE 
i 
DWI DENTS 
MAIL WIDER 
CANE UGHTIC 
V-
TOM. 040101 
I
C
A 
TOLINK 
MEWL 
N .
i 
TOCENTER 
INECOFLATNE 
Pooma tom 
Is 
.,.... 
TO/4.4 KAMM 
OE004ATIVE 
PEPLANI OWLS 
.... 
-i- 
-i- 
A 
. 4 . 
,-,-) 
 - --,- 
..t.. ...... i- 
...,...._- --------- 
...---0 
A 
TOMMILIEWE 
PENOMn 
• 
N., 
...., 
WM
., T
_ L 
LONJANZR \ 
A-  i 
LIGHTING PLAN 
„7"-
CWT 
MALL 
pfitarnans 
.mt  4- 4*. 
c 
/C UNIT E COON OFD 
SCALE 
142-414* 
DIMMER/SWITCH ZONING 
ZONE 1: (2) PENDANT LIGHT FIXTURE ABOVE BANQUETTES 
ZONE 2: (3) PENDANT LIGHT FIXTURE ABOVE ISLAND CENTER OR ROOM 
ZONE 3: (8) PENDANT LIGHT FIXTURE ALONG PERIMETER 
ZONE 4: AU. UNDER CABINET LIGHTING 
ZONE 5: (2) CEILING FANS 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
LIGHTING PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
DECORATIVE FIXTURE SCHEDULE 
LIGHTING PLAN SHEET NOTES 
QA 
NECESSCOOCLANIPWL 
mi LET LiC4.0 TO 
KEY 
OESCAIPTiON 
NNW 
ICCATEUGLIT $411101A1 AWRY MAGNI TONNA:a D401 
REOESSEDCBuNOIAXLvtASH 
.-Lr3NT LABEL 
A 
OECORALnE MADAM OCHE FIXTURE 
°POSED CO.443 MOM. ALL MILS TO BECANTEREO BETAEEN.CIVS 
CECONAINE OuTDCON SCONCE 
EASIDOCEI MCC:LAME SCONCE 
Ao.JETEDER0LEcTER REFER TO AV CCee9ANLNTS 
;CR SPEOROMOSAi• YAW 
C 
LOCATES LINE OF DECERATNE CELINE, 14CtOtia 
CDUNG FAN 
11) 
CAE NANTLOff 
STARTMGEONT OF LAY4NTIE CEUHOGI43 ON Sraue. 41491 
raCAW-SOECORATIvE PEIVAM Leff FUTURES. YPEAL 
SALACE NOUVIIDLOES ADAM 
frs 
COMO WOLAnal ONE SOU)Dil St44 
ICLNTE3 ONE SCALD COT SICAL 
2:41 RERAN GE ul 
tOCATESUNDEXCLaliET 
TY14a4 
e 
EMMA AC UtaTLREFER ELEVATION FER PE*In LOCAL IONi 
e 
AO/CATES CAME ISLAND BELCH. CREAM ELLIAnai FOE SiloONSOSAL 
MtnLOCATION' 
CHANDELERLOO !IMRE 
S4 
EAU MORO POURIVAYMITCH 
WAIL NOLEITEDIENELEOEWONMITCH 
DO SULKY Corur 
S 4
WAIL Natalie 11011441LWONIISI SEMI 
WAEUJOREDCINI U0111.0 MILNE 
.. tOICATESSTOA MAIM 
0:0 
NEWSNOKELCANIONIICNOWEECECIOR 
TartiKALSCENL LGNI 411.4E 
AOC40 SLWER LASER AY CIAO Etl1 ADEITKINAL KO) 
• 
CEISCNCuNLED FRE SAR MLR 
MAIN 
ARCHirruccRECCAO 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC 
OESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELMIENT 
H PERMIT DOCUMENT 
J BID DOCUMENT 
: CONSTRUCTION 
00CUMENT 
■ PROGRESS/ REVIEW DOCUMENT 
• PRESENTATION 
09.2110 PROGRESS SET 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.16.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
1010 tSSUE FOR REVIEW 
6.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
{090610 ItSSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07.10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
LIGHTING PLAN 
CRAY/ NG MU 
SCALE: 
AS NOTED 
Me) 
ID5.01C 
ENE( nO 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
"WAY 81, 
P 
DECKED ETC 
HZ 
EFTA00727642
--- PAGE 5 ---
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
ilik:WF J 
CHO 
V 
IIII II
II
II
II 
II
I
III
III
III
I I 
J 
H
a
PT.01 
BABE 
Luta.
fiLRl 
.(
TOIL 'a 
A
/rx 
T
MUG 
C
HIND2 
a. 
CO 
4tocs von. 
OWES/ TRW 
CROWN 
Haim
nm
FLOOR 
MUNK 
COIBIIERIW 
FLU TILE 
FUS RE 
CO 
OPT .081 
SEAR 
1. 
CO 
170 
E
STARTNOPORT1 
MORRIE 
CENTER OF MUSD 
ISLOCATE0 
MT !CPO 
SEW 
ED 
TIE 
RV. !LE 
FINISHES PLAN 
TX 
)1
• 
I 
X s. 
DIA STONE 
SCALE I/2'4W 
S 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
FINISHES PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
FINISHES SCHEDULE 
FINISHES PLAN SHEET NOTES 
X-. 
FLOOR Mal 
FLOOR TWAISITION SWAM 
TX 
TRANSMON DETAIL NUMBER 
NOTE FOR 'MAMMON OETNL8 REFER TRANSMON OETNL 31060tA 
WAIL 
WINS COOFOTIOm 
x 
FLOOR 
No-LwORK 
x 
MON AREA NCH TAOS 
'MEAL. APPLES TO ALL 
AREAS N ROM 
RR
HT41 
FLOOR ARSES 
!TOR AW 
wow 
ANTAL CONWEROAL 
CO.CRIS. 
SCSI7,6 
PRODU 
104 
MULL 
PT4I 
RALLPISSMES 
ITElt OAHE 
RAMU
noc: 4*
SINI:CrAl 
COLORS 
LY LACE 
L EOBS 
CEUht FUSES 
ItCOniFnis 
OEM RUNT 
ILVILIFAC 
COWS 
PROD 
-4T. S?
Iff'LACE 
N Metal 
EASE MUSKS 
Milt WCCO BASE 
EASE] NEUF 
mo
COLOR
Dic 
E BUCK 
Ra 
nm 
MORN POSIES 
OR FOWL 
MSCD.LARECUSFUSsE::
IWOUF 
 RBA CARNET+ 
PEROT  COL 
UTE Ella CRANTOORED 
STOPS 
ET4I 
ITEM STONE CO,PS 
UMW 
COL 
UTE FUCK OVAITEKNE0 
I 
NOT USED 
KENPLAN 
AREWEECTCERECCOO 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC 
OESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELOVENT 
H PERMIT DOCUMENT 
J SID DOCUMENT 
: I CONSTRUCTION 
00CUMENT 
PROGRESS!
■ 
 REVIEW DOCUMENT 
Li PRESENTATION 
koala ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 {09.0810  ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07.10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
09.23.10 FROGRESS SET 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.16.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
1010 *SUE FOR REVIEW 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
FINISHES PLAN 
ORAYNCTRE 
SCALE: 
AI Pan. luftbninfrAl 
e pas eoluatiimotoe. aim canseneeft corm DC 
(4.0.0000*01,100
aNve 
Ylereet)(0•OW 
AS NOTED 
ID5.01 D 
SwEET1s0 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
DRAVA481, 
P 
OSCKEOEir 
NZ 
EFTA00727643
--- PAGE 6 ---
2.1:e 
FURNITURE PLAN 
SCALE 102-4711 
NY 
l•TCPG 
114,4* 
• 
Z•IY2 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
FURNITURE/ACCESSORIES 
ACCESSORIES! HARDWARE LEGEND 
FURNITURE PLAN SHEET NOTES 
KEY 
DEOCRWION 
REwaa 
NO 
re 
-Ewan 
r Er 
— 
— 
WOW( WNW FOR al. ma WANED TELEW4a4 Nate ART. 
: 
FloWin WNW FOR 141. WILLNORNEDCARREIRTASREWRED. 
i 
Tian 
a 
I WICOJETIE 
II
STOCL 
If 
I 
shun ceNET mu 
m 
LARK CORM NAL 
a 
IC 
a 
a 
IA 
SD 
a 
in 
' Te—
II 
Ji 
RI 
IS
a 
Z 
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
J 
CHO 
ARDIRECTCF RECCIM 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC OESIGN 
• 1 DESIGN DEVELCIVENT 
H PERMIT DOCUMENT 
J IND DOCUUENT 
: I CONSTRUCTION 
00CUMENT 
■ PROGRESS/ REVIEW DOCUMENT 
• PRESENTATION 
23.10 PROGRESS SET 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
6.1610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
1010 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
6.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
{09.0810 ItSSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07.10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
FURNITURE PLAN 
nn. 
SEP E 
AS NOTED 
ID5.01 E 
S4EET h0 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
GRAMM, 
P 
CHECKEOEM 
WEL 
EFTA00727644
--- PAGE 7 ---
Iy 
1' WIDOW CPO 
T4' 
Tr y  
I 
L 
-
-
-
-
44. Iwo imp mr 
— — 
— 
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING NORTH 
SCALE U2=1'-0T
/ 1 
/ 
\ 
— o
e 
• 
• • 
r_ ar- 
7/, 
h,f, — — 
101.01 
rr 
04" 
:c 
- 
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING SOUTH 
II 
rr 
rr —c 
SCALE: ttrrita 
Cf 
Ii45141flted. 
5.
TYPICAL CROWN MOLDING DETAIL 
SCALE:3'0LO' 
TYPICAL BASE MOLDING DETAIL 
SCALE: ra 
- 
ROM - 
WOOD 
DOA 
GROVE
2001 11LE 
W.OSET 
TYPICAL DOOR THRESHOLD DETAIL 
- 
IOJTSIDEI - 
OCCONNITIA 
KEW OCCAL 
STOW 
WIRE D.= 
DIVING STEM 
MAUCISE 
memo' 
SCALE:3%1W 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
111.:W4 
,I.:4•10.TO 
1.211,1AN 
ARairrECT8FREcum 
PHASE: 
H SCHEMATIC OESIGN 
• 1 DESIGN DEVELCFSIENT 
PERMT DOCUMENT 
J IND DOCUMENT 
: I CONSTRUCTION 00CUMENT 
PROGRESS/
■ 
 REVIEW DOCUMENT 
Li PRESENTATION 
09.2310 PROGRESS SET 
09.2110 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 6.1610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.10.10 tSSUE FOR REVIEW 
69.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 {09.0810  ItSSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07.10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
KITCHEN 
INTERIOR 
ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
ORAYNG 
TILE 
SCAIE: 
AS NOTED 
•A. 
PalrilltIPRI 
VIGISII4100.1.1.00.00•701,04WW.C., 00Cellt•CAtSM 
0~0 
ID6.01A 
SHEET 1,0 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
ORM'AvIrt. 
P 
CHECKED Eir 
EQ 
EFTA00727645
--- PAGE 8 ---
A- 
CO 
- CO 
E0 
I
- 
ACLII11 
INT r
 74' -
I - 
74' 
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING WEST 
74` 
Zir 
c5
NOTE 
OXIC4IP PENNUa DONT RatIRES FOR 
NEP, %PROWL PRIV, TO INSTALLATION 
244' 
74' 
PROM* RECESSED
r 
CLOCK OUTLET 
FOR MURE 
PrILIK OW 
PAWN BLOOM° 
FOR NOR MT 
SCALE: 
1/2'w7.0* 
V 
PROM( MUM° 
CLOCK OUTLET 
FOR NAME 
PCURE LGNT
LPSO.tn
FOR TV OR MT 
U 
\ 
iN
74.
F. 
Ta 
ft 
.ate x 
MCMINN NLEOATA 
AT euctent 
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING EAST 
-A-
1101E 
tH
INCK.UP MOW DONT CI:MIRESFOR 
HOCIIIMPROWL PRIM TO INSTNIATON. 
r 
• 
0701 
SCALE: IftzINT 
AL 13MCCENNN3 NTH 
ODOR a DJSINGANXIAS 
NEW NTOCO/ 
STONE YAKCOAILL 
[GORMAN 
POi‘EINKTA 
AT Eit. 
DETAIL: BANQUETTENVINDOW SECTION 
SCALE: lint
-O• 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
NO. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
Tx:wa 
,•,
a•r0 
&NAM 
ARCHirECTCERECCM 
PHASE: 
J SCHEMATIC OESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELOVENT 
H PERMIT DOCUMENT 
J IND DOCUMENT 
: I CONSTRUCTION 00CUMENT 
PROGRESS!
■ 
 REVIEW DOCUMENT 
PRESENTATION 
09.2110 PROGRESS SET 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.16.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.10.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
6.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
{09.0810 ItSSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07.10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
KITCHEN 
INTERIOR 
ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
ORAWNG IRE 
SCALE: 
AS NOTED 
ID6.01B 
S4EC I h0 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
°TIMMY 8r. 
P 
CHECKES 
NZ 
EFTA00727646
--- PAGE 9 ---
ao 
EXTERIOR LACQUER FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL SAAIPLE 
PREE RAVE 
rot 
-- 
WIT TONT SEAM 
--- 
surto.' sem 
06mSASHER 
w 0 
c 
TRASH 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND PLAN 
SCALE VtI'.0 
I
proconsul --F-
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND ELEVATION 
SCALE1441W 
PARCHFOR 
Ent DEFOSAL 
-- 
EAST ,'re 
N_1
ff 4451
.1 — 
— 
011itEXPECEPTACII 
!ACE /
44.
au 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND ELEVATION 
DUPLEX MELD: .4 
I
4r 
IN 
STONE 
COWER 
TOP 
- GIME COUNTER 
TOP 
SUNLESS STEIL 
— 
PULLS 
I.
COCA° EWE PUMAS 
STONE TOP WITH 
MITRED MOUS 
AIN CC 
PROVILE MAIM 
caner. PANSTABil SHELVES 
DRAWER WEEPLAIS: 
COLOR 1%1411E 
PROVEN WAVY-DUTY 
CONCEALED ELROPEAN 
AMES. TYPICAL 
r-
— put - 
PROMCC UEVIINE 
CAMEL ADJUST/BE SIEWES 
DPAAER INTERIORS 
00.0A MOE 
14/mstnr L 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND SECTION 
L 
SOLE: 117141'0' 
DISHWASHER 
PIM REFER ECIAPHENT 
GUTSIEST( SPECFCATIONS 
FORHA FEOUIRED 
CLEARIACE A1D SETRU110t4 
AS PER PJAPAWACTURERS 
PATRUCHONS) 
DETAIL: SECTION 
SCALE: 1 WOW 
EXTERIOR LACQUERED FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL SAMPLE 
PROAEP SELF CLOWSGLOES 
PROVIDE Humour/ 
UMECRACINT SOFT CLOSE 
WASTE 144103UEES 
TRASH 
TRASH 
LEAFIER. TIP 
PReArk SEE CiOS.05 GLEES 
PRCIIIDE PEReDUTY 
CONCEN.E0 OXMAN 
NICE& Tfl'ICA1 
IMP 
:Eva EA TYP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND SECTION 
SCALE: 11/2+400' 
DALE FEEEPTArAE 
'SASE CANOTE SEE) 
4.• 
mg
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND ELEVATION 
STONE 03414411H 
NITREDCORMFS 
DETAIL: SECTION 
SCALE: 118+1'-0' 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
J ,titi ORO 
ERDIALC1 a RECORD 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC 
OESIGN 
• 1 DESIGN DEVELCCS1ENT 
H PERMIT DOCUMENT 
J BID DOCUMENT 
: I CONSTRUCTION 
00CUMENT 
■ PROGRESSI REVIEW DOCUMENT 
• PRESENTATION 
09.2310 PROGRESS SET 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.16.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
1010 tSSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.010 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.06.10  ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
I 09.07.10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
ISLAND 
P.T.AVIN3 11Th 
SCALE. 
AS NOTED 
aeit),Int<eirritSM 
VIECOMCDPVISARIP 
ID7.01A 
S.SLT NO 
SCALE 14.14.04
SCALE: 1%1*-0* 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
GRAMM, 
P 
CHECKEOEM 
LQ 
EFTA00727647
--- PAGE 10 ---
7.0*COLOITERTCP 
MIXO MOO./al 
PANT PUSH  
ADJUSTABLE SELVES 
rm 
LEl^c.ER TIP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: 1 172/.1'11
EXTERIOR LACQUERED FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL SAMPLE 
E. 
r. 
W0 CO VAMON 911 
PAM FNSN 
STONE MK SPlAttl 
'U COUTERT0P 
ICE MACHINE 
IXOTE: REFER TO EOUPIIINT 
OJT SHEMPEOFCANYI 
PER GU 
NICE m0 ‘0010000 
REOUFEO BY ISMUFACURERS 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: 1/2•811-0' 
MOODIANDOef ELI 
KM main 
STOLE SAO( SMASH 
- SEW TOP VA MIRED COINER 
2-WCQMERTOP 
b 
a 
a 
S 
I. 
PROW* EEIF CLOGNO elan TYP 
PROW04411/411e Meet 
ADJUSTABLE SIOSESI 
WWI IMEPICR COLORAME 
I'ny
I'd 
LEVE.ER 7IP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: 112=r-0' 
STNMESS S1133.  
Ha AMORE MCA 
HOEG MEOW SU 
PAwr114.911  
STONE BAD( SPOSI4 
- VOW TOP rriaRE0C0010i 
74'40.4rtERTOP 
SEJ CLOSaG 6 CIS. nP 
PROVICE 
COCELLE0044:4V0 
MOSES, TYPICAL 
rut 
TY. 
— 
LEval9t np 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: I irr.rte 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
ix:wa 
CHO 
AROWECT Cf RECCC0 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC OESIGN 
• I DESIGN DEVELCFMENT 
H PERMIT DOCUMENT 
J IND DOCUMENT 
: I CONSTRUCTION 00CLAIENT 
■ PROGRESS / REVIEW DOCUMENT 
Li PRESENTATION 
koala kSSUE FOR REVIEW 
 109.0810  ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
090710 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
09.23.10 PROGRESS SET 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
939.1610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
1010 
SUE FOR REVIEW 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
CABINETS 
3",,q1.13 1111 
vatE.
AS NOTED 
ID7.01B 
S•4EET '0 
GATE 
09.07.2010 
MOM" 
P 
CHECKEOEM 
MZ 
EFTA00727648
--- PAGE 11 ---
to
FROWN lEAVY.OUTY 
CONCEALEDEUROPEAN 
Ht1GES. TAM 
PROAX 1.191M1E Care. 
ADJUSTABLESIELVESI 
OFtWel IMAM COLOR on 
ti 
MICROWAVE 
1411TE, REFER TOECUPWAT 
WT SICEP.SPCCf WIN 
Fain ranawr 
VEXTRAnCti 
RfOUP ED erf1W&F/41151EFS 
tiStRUCItre) 
DOUBLE OVEN 
WE: REFER1003UFWENT 
CUT SPEE1,90mwAircri 
0.61/101CU.0 Mat. 1*1 
REWIRED 6.1/MWACTLRERS 
441RUC110.61 
P*S tCESEU 0.0$110 OWES. TrO 
LEVELEP. T19 • 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE 1117.1'0' 
g 
JP. 
t 
ADJUST/ME 
&EWES 
WIPER 
STAKESSSTED. 
IS 
TYPICAL 
EXTERIOR LACQUERED FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL SAMPLE 
1W 
PROMOS WJAIME Cana 
'ACUUSTABLE SHELVESI 
tft*gli WEAK* 03tOR.A14 
CUt 
MME 
LNERCINET PUCK U0/111/10-1-
STOW BMX SFLOSII 
STMETOPw111111003RXER 
ZP COUNTER1C11
• L 
L 
I 
PROVIDE NV CLOSNG CAMS To 
Mane ICWICUTY 
CONGER® E11ROPEAX 
HIKES 1YRG1L 
t
 - 
Ari:WiTt&E StIENES, 
Tn. 
LEWLERTYP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: 1 172‘t-0-
ADJUSIMIE 
SHELVE& 
11111CAl 
STAALEASTIC.
14ARCMARE.TrPICIL 
AWN 1.1ElAWKOOKE1 
seA6T/aLE MMES. 
COMER MEW& COLCR MN 
AWE 
UnCERVEGNII PUCK OWING 
er, 
MOPE BAD< SRASH 
(6) 
'2 
Tr 
Y 
STINE 1041W ERRED CORN ER 
210•COATERTC. 
PRIME SELF GLOM 011311& 
PRC'OE NEW"( Ca11117 
1.1)$1X41£ 96.•£$ 
ORAAER mine CCCOR mon 
LEVEIER. TIP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: I vr-ve• 
Ts 
4)41i$1431E SELVES. 
NP 
MOVIDE 
AMUSE 91CLASS 
DRAWER 1/1EROR: CO.OR 
a 
PROM HEAWOUTY 
CONCOLED EUROPEAN 
KIM& MCA. 
4:WS1M31E SHIMS. 
Nn 
rut 
— 
- 
- 
LEWLEILTYP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE. 172%1'4' 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
1.111114.4,31111111WW 
I1EC1 cr 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC OESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELCCSIENT 
H 
PERMIT DOCUMENT 
J 
BID DOCUMENT 
: I CONSTRUCTION 00CUMENT 
■ 
PROGRESS) REVIEW DOCUMENT 
• 
PRESENTATION 
09.23.10 PROGRESS SET 
091110 tSSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 109.16.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
1010 tSSUE FOR REVIEW 
6.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 109.08.10  ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
0907.10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
CABINETS 
310.11113 
SCALE. 
AS NOTED 
ID7.01C 
S411/.0 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
Morin" 
P 
CHECKEOEM 
LQ 
EFTA00727649
--- PAGE 12 ---
IDJUSTAKE 
WIPED 
TYROL 
STAN.ESSSTID. 
- 
Ina casket 
LGNn G 
sari BMX $0.49.1 
;ROYCE 103,9INE CAW. 
ADJUSTABLE SPONDEE 
MAYER DINF4OFt COLOR. VAC-
SICTE TOP SW PI MD DEIRMD9 
COUNIERTC.,
IF CLOSIG GLIDES TYP 
• 
rick 
PROVIDE HEAVY 4vrr 
LEICERRIOLM SOU CLOSE 
WASTE ON GLIDES 
LEVELER. TYP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: 11m1•-0' 
REV:NAME LAOOOO3O3 
REPCUADE IPCOEPED POND. 
*iz 
REFIGERATOR 
L EXTERIOR LACQUERED FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL SAMPLE 
rut 
MOTE. REFER TO EDUPIOTT 
CVT DPEEPSPECITICAPOI 
RAW/MICE AM) VEMEATOI 
REOUFED BY IMIVACTUREPS 
O41RUCTIOND 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE I 92•4c-0-
REYTWASE LAODUEREO ^ 
, r
FAME 
L.41. 
Pl101 MTH 
Kv0444L4L440444co Fw,EL 
OPEN 
FOR 
REFIGERATOR 
Pert REFER TO EOUPIIENT 
OJT STEETSPEOPOPCTI 
COR CLEARPOICE APO YENTRATCH 
MOORED BY IMPUFACTISERS 
INSTRUCTIDMI 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE:1 1/2•81c0* 
PROM OPE 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
FA 
MARKZEFF 
PROJECT 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. EA RED HOOK QUARTER 
s. maw, Us v0OultMO 
KEYPLO41: 
NICAITECT CF Watt 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
PERMIT DOCUMENT 
BID DOCUMENT 
CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
PROGRESS /REVIEW DCCUI/ENT 
PRESENTATION 
0923.10 PROGRESSSET 
09.22.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 09.16.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.10.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
0999.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
0108.10 ,ISSUE FOR RENEW 
07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
CABINETS 
T.T 
SCALE 
rwrar7.7.-
AS NOTED 
ID7.01D 
SKET W. 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
invmunt 
1P. 
04ECKEDIrt 
YE 
EFTA00727650
--- PAGE 13 ---
FA 
5'4"tEertn 0 BACKREST 
tr-T VP NSMEDWglTDi liS4E0 
IT.ei'tSECTICII I °BACKREST a Mehl.) 
34y 
T 
3.5' 
-. -. 
I 
• - 
SEIM 
IIFJAI 
- • - • - NMI 
- • -. • - EAU 
I 
I 
a 
I 
WAGED ACCESS FANEL 
.. 
KEAY E0UPIENT 
YYS
Rill 
• 
lOGED ACCESS MEL 
Re AY MAIM 
IV 
34' 
it
_ 
ie f rif
SS
HEWED MOSS PAMEL 
FOR AY 
rl 
r 
r Ia. 
ir Iljt 
1W 
1'•1PUF 
Y
,a 'Sebes 
nde.• arnni• 
western/ 
DETAIL: BANQUETTE 
SCALE: r=1.4* 
SELF WELT 
SF, 
 MAWS 
- 
*',UriS 12i 
- 
MAYA TV? 
- 
5F 4,c; 
poiGED CES≥ FRIEL 
TO AY ECOMEM 
SELF vEti 
SIEF WELT 
SENA TM 
DETAIL: BANQUETTE OPTIONS 
SCALE: r.I4 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
MARKZEFF 
PROJECT 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
s maw, us wow owe 
KEYPLAII: 
NDIRECT OF RECCRI: 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
• DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
PERMIT DOCUMENT 
BID DOCUMENT 
CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
PROGRESS /REVIEW OCCUI/F_NT 
PRESENTATION 
0923.10 PROGRESSSET 
09.22.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.16.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.10.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
0919.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.08.10 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEV/ 
07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
BANQUETTE 
CRAVING TITLE 
SOLE 
AS NOTED 
ID7.01E 
SICE1 W. 
DOE 
09.07.2010 
mum' et 
S. 
OIECKEDIrt 
YE 
EFTA00727651
--- PAGE 14 ---
FA 
MARKZEFF 
PROJECT 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
s maw, tit. WOult.00 
KEYPUOI: 
SELF NELT 
SELF NIT 
AROIRECT OF DECOR): 
INE Ot rIStikES 
Sac AE,T 
DETAIL: BANQUETTE SECTION 
SC .E 7.1,0* 
Pa 
SD) At I 
MED oCCESS OREL ST FRONT 
FOR AV ECU MEC 
DETAIL: BANQUETTE SECTION 
DOORMAT( PCMEROATA Area', 
SCALE: Tely7 
IN PROGRESS: 09. 23. 2010 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
PERMIT DOCUMENT 
BID DOCUMENT 
CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
PROGRESS /REVIEW DOCUMENT 
PRESENTATION 
0923.10 PROGRESSSET 
09.22.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.16.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.10.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
0919.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.08.10 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
BANQUETTE 
0RA., rif." 
SOLE 
AS NOTED 
ID7.01 F 
SKET W. 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
marlin 
S. 
04ECKEDST 
YE 
EFTA00727652

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727653.pdf
----------------------------------------
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
CST. THOMAS. U.S. VIRGIN ISLAND 
KITCHEN (REVISION 1): 10. 11.2010 
DRAWING INDEX 
iD0.00 
COVER SHEET 
ID0.04 
SCHEDULES AND NOTES 
ID5.01A 
ENLARGED KITCHEN FLOOR PLAN 
ID5.01B 
ENLARGED KITCHEN ELECTRICAL PLAN 
ID5.01C 
ENLARGED KITCHEN LIGHTING PLAN 
ID5.01D 
ENLARGE KITCHEN FINISHES PLAN 
ID5.01E 
ENLARGED FURNITURE PLAN 
ID6.01A 
KITCHEN INTERIOR ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
ID6.01B 
KITCHEN INTERIOR ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
ID7.01A 
ID7.016 
ID7.01C 
ID7.01D 
ID7.01E 
ID7.01F 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN ISLAND 
KITCHEN CABINETS 
KITCHEN CABINETS 
KITCHEN CABINETS 
KITCHEN BANQUETTE 
KITCHEN BANQUETTE 
LAND SURVEYORS 
BRIAN MOSLEY & 
ASSOCIATES, INC 
4003 RAPHUNE HILL ROAD 
SUITE 606: ST. THOMAS. VI 00802 
PHONE (340) 774-5310 
FAX (340)776-4090 
CONTRACTOR
LSJ, LLC 
AMERICAN YACHT HARBOR 
6100 RED HOOK OUARTER, SUITE 83 
ST.THOMAS: VI 00802 
PHONE (340) 779-8054 
FAX (340) 779-8055 
DESIGNER 
MARKZEFF 
515 WEST 20TH STREET. 4W 
NEW YORK. NY 10011 
PHONE: 212.624.4004 
FM: 212.624.4038 
CONTACT: RYAN WISEHART 
CONTACT: GARY KERNEY 
CONTACT: JORGE PORTA 
EFTA00727653
--- PAGE 2 ---
ARCHITECTURAL FINISHES SCHEDULE (REFER SHEET ID5.01D FOR LOCATIONS) 
IMAM 
DPW 
MCMINN 
ILVANCTIATER 
WARMAN 
MOONS 
NOW Cate 
 CONTENTS 
/LOOMIS 
TN 
t4 X DI STONEPLOONIO 
CALMISIGE 
RJEENNIttUSIDO 
ON TIN 
IMO 
I MOAN NM 
ErKGOIRILCONIRUAE 
MKT 
PNI 
WAIL NOWLIN NWT 
BENNANIADON 
SUPERNOVIUT 
IA 
tr? 
M 
BY COMB* COMRACICR 
NM 
PTIO 
NOR NM EMIT 
BEINIANIKDDRE 
RIFEMNITECEENOID38 
M 
TT? 
PA 
BY GENERA. CONTRICTCR 
FA 
STINE 
STET 
COUNNITOP SANDENSI 
CPWRSTEN 
NOSIEW./ PASEO 
114 TIN NON ENE 
EMI 
IN 
 BY MAI:MR IPRVillt SORES FOR APPRCOO 
LCOUNINSH 
£NI 
NWT EXTERN 
BINITAANIXIN 
OWITILLTIACE 
?A 
024E 
BY WttAtSCER (PAVAN SAVA.ES nra-PRO.,, -, 
i 
r-
IIELNItE ITYPICAL MIMI MERLON, 
NA 
MET MERV? 
NA 
SINCAMAIIITE (WM 
M 
M 
M 
BY littMACR IPRV/IDE SAWLISICRAPPRO., J. 
MISCELLANEOUS FINISHES SCHEDULE 
MAME 
DESSMIIM 
MANCTLIIIR 
ECILOMPLESN 
MOMS 
NOM W 
MOUTCOLOR 
:L NTS 
MARKZEFF 
ELAINUET1E FABRIC 
710 
1E 
1110 
TED 
1110 
TEO 
SJP.EDBYMER 
LIGHT FIXTURES (REFER SHEET ID5.01C FOR LOCATIONS) 
MIME 
MIN 
DEMLIPME 
IIAN.EX MED 
II MGR MEAL 
BULB ME A NMI& 
, MOIL la 
I OMENTS 
OEMATIVE MOMS MIT SOME 
LTO1 
W KEYNES PRISM SMILE POMO 
I RESTOPAM MOYNE 
I NANA 
NONNI 
SIPCLEDINCNTER 
LITTLE SAINT 
UND€NMET DECADENT FORUM 
LTOT 
UNWIND RECESSIDRANAIT 
LOMA/WM 
MINNATIE 
MAIDAYN 
 ET MACON 
CLUNG TN 
LTOS 
NUN MT 
TN 
I NM 
MD 
%SNOWMEN/AL 
JAMES 
MCCRAW& OUMMIRSONCE 
LTD4 
9CNL£ 
I PA 
i RA 
NA 
NEE/EPA/ SWF., - 
1:ATC4 
it 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
PLUMBING / TOILET ACCESSORIES SCHEDULE (REFER SHEET ID5.01A FOR LOCATION) 
,‘ 7,,....,..., ........ 
MAME 
MINT 
DESCRPUON 
MAME 1U DE It 
CCI.CF flIC.,.. 
ACOEL lb 
CNN 
00LBLE WEN INC 
MI 
INC 
NANKEEN 
STAN.ESS STEEL 
I MO= 
I NPR EC: -,,,,tER(OMERTORIOCCIOLLIIORICERIMTH 'F' 
STOLE MRS. 
ROT 
SEA 
RIANEKED 
 STANASS Ma 
PS(110172I8 
SJP:t CD b• CovEg iC KNIT TOPRONE w uvotacm rrp 
NW 
1.0t 4 
RELOMAINET 
NOE 
I SUNLESS STEEL 
)3191SDO 
. . :*, Eon cgayi-. 
,.E TOWN t? - 
- ! 
— 
POT ?MERMEN 
P.03 
I WAIL IMMO PDT FILER 
MOE 
STAN/ E SS STEEL 
MAIM 
I It ESILITIME: - 
..E ral OCti,-
APPLIANCE I EQUIPMENT SCHEDULE (REFER SHEET ID5.01B FOR LOCATION) 
MUM 
Mitt 
DUCA MOD 
IMMEMER 
f COLOR /MEM 
MOWN 
COMENTS
ONMASNER 
IN 
24901011411MER 
IMMO& 
SIAM EN SIM 
TIOCNANI 
SUPPLEDBY AVER (NNERIONONE FIINAPPRNIT4 
STOW 
IA 
REAN DOSTIONSIDENE 
NA 
STAINLESS STEEL 
ILA 
SUPRAIDNCIANEA OMAN DONNE 
NNW ION 
REUSE ENING It ODE MUST l030 
ST AitESS STEEL 
SUINEDDMANDI NUM DAIWA 
IED 
YE EINNERTEOR 
tA 
OULMINNEDOONIEFNERATOR 
EINNTO 
STA/RIESS STEEL: TAMA MODS IMAGES ON RIGNI SCE 
IBIONIIMH 
SUPPLED BY OMEN (OMR TO FROM NM APFROWL) 
WREMIENTOR 
NA 
BUNNOVER SUNDER REFROEPATCR 
ELSMTO 
 SUNLESS STEEL/IUDS/A MOLES 0410203 IN LEFT SOE 
ESSOASM 
SUPPLED BY OMER (OIANER 10 PRONE MAL APPROVAL) 
ARCHITECTNNIONEI 
NANDI& 
NA 
NA 
\ 
NA
IN 
SUPRAIDNONEN NAM TONNE:II RINANNYAL) 
-NA 
-NA 
-DA-- 
NA 
SUNCEDDIOANIMONIER TONONE NAL MOWN 
OOLELE NEN OA INCRONNODIEN 
/A 
IC ITCROCONLIMELFCLEM %NANA NANG 
STARLESSEMEL 
ISMINNOS 
SUPPLE:MONIED (OMAN PRONE FN. /APRON) 
COFFEE MIER 
10. 
1BD 
Tm 
1110 
NO 
SUPPLED BY OMER LW.IE TO PROM RIVL ANIMAL) 
r 
RAT NADI TV 
110 
TM 
MD 
MD 
SLIMIED ION IEWANIR TO PROM INN MOM 
e)
) 
ICEMEN 
IA 
?MCA CRAKES 
MOWN 
STANLESSETEN 
MATININS 
SUINEDDMANIMONIER TONNIN NAL MOWN 
INNOIRATORIGENAGEOSPOTAL 
la 
1120 
MO 
110 
NO 
SUPPLED BY °MUMMER 10 PROM RM. APPROVAL) 
r 
_ 
AUPOI VISUAL EOUFWEPC 
TEO 
TO, 
NO 
NO 
SUPPLED BY ONNEI(OPMER TO PROD LE Li,;. AFPROVAL ANDECCiRDINATE MENEM. CONTRICTOD 
r 
HARDWARE SCHEDULE 
• 
illx, nit 
DESCRPT1Cti 
OMR I MIEN 
DOOM, 
COMM 
r 
CASKET PEA 
MN RAL 04D, . 
. HAF:SIF 
. . 
SUNLESS STEC. t WAITE 
07018): 
EMU:MAKER 
Ir
CANLE1 ROLLS 
LCBMIN. MOND 
WIEIE 
STANIESSSTEELiNATLE 
MANN 
NT WAIMEA 
— 
Z 
CAOKET ORMAN Ma* 
CONZEALED EMMEN+ LINM 
M 
fROSIED MCKEL OP Eakit 
VA 
BY 11 MONS tINDTME SIONINI . I, , . 
"„ ',-t .groa i 
PHASE: 
LI SCHEMATIC OESIGN 
S.93 CLCGriet LUDES 
DRAAEROLOZS 
Pa 
FROSTED WWI (OR MN; 
RA 
BY 11 WANNER IPROME SUNDARD NEN 
P CLONE WM 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT
LEWLEAS 
CAPET FLOOR lEVELER 
PIA 
STAMESSSTEE. i PATTE 
%A 
IN IMNOIXEMPRONDE SMIDARD LEL' : 
T. ?EMMA 
c o 
WASTE MMUS 
DOSE -TASTE ON SOT, CLOSEADE 
, !Fir 
MOSE° ?ICE!' 
4$015.24:01 *tO • , rd, 
ST MACAO 
- Ary: 
I : 
PERMT DOCUMENT 
LL 
Ct 
zi BID DOCUMENT 
: : CONSTRUCTION 00CUMENT 
PROGRESS) REVIEW DOCUMENT 
ID PRESENTATION 
& 
10.11.10 REVISION 1 
09.2310 ISSUED FOR BIDDING 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.2010 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.1610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.10.10 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
{09.06.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
SCHEDULES 
AND 
NOTES 
Criamtil MIE 
SCALE: 
AS NOTED 
--....., 
.Kw° 
7.....5.*.A...c...7.-t....”..c....0.0e.o.v.tc 
c............nes 
alt 
I DO • 04 
STEEIhO 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
[MYR P. 
P. 
CMCKEOST: 
LE 
EFTA00727654
--- PAGE 3 ---
tz. 
Et 
-
H 
4.7 
i Ts 
L 
— 
EX.ALG 
CODA DEG 
SP 
'RASA 
it
r Art 
r* 
moh•
I 
3, 0* 
tr% 
SIN 
C 
NO 
120* 
TRASK 
nO.St 
IDA°, SHE 
S SIDIEHOOD 
IT 431 
CC STORE 
E0 
ii 
FLOOR PLAN 
— 
L 
.S 
A 9i 
I 
SCALE I7 1'4 
FLOOR PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
O 
O 
COSTING PARTMON TO ADAM 
weNNartrat SEE WALLTNIESFLR CLMPCAJOI 
EOSTWIFOLIKIATION NC FOOTPAD 
NDCATEDAAAT-TOD LIVES IDECER CEDED' 
ALM &FACES 
INDICATES a.EVAlKia MOIR 
NEW i HOUR FIE RATED RIATTEN 
INECATE$ SECTION WAYEA 
O 
NEWGIASS PARDEKAIS 
PPOCATESOWSPIEALISCOILISHOOROPEritalS 
INDICAMINEWATIMAILMOAA TOPS 
NOCATESPEALLS OA CUSTOM. LIDDCA4 
OLTAL WADER. MMHG NIAJDOL.9.E0 PANDER 
e 
AWL MC PAD ROSY NAMEA 
AEKATES FMK° IfJGHT 
;USG RIDUE sonct 
PLUMBING FIXTURE SCHEDULE 
.A40 MED' 
UNDERIAJUNT 
,T9L*4 FADC • 
.9.OIjRNCUNDERNWNT 
MY ,
1, 43) POT AUER FAUCET 
cp 
GV 
O 
z 
w 
FLOOR PLAN SHEET NOTES 
AINCIOVII Mt ECC wPONISCHMIAL 
tOCATCSOOLM TYPE 
AOCATESIVAIDAYAE TWE 
C), MENG KITCFEA NAIL TO REHM 
C 
OW SIOTTEM go ALM MN OPPOSITE Any 
tT DNA PG ANAL YEALS OF SC0.65.046 ROMA TO REws, 
Ct) BuLDIDEAMOLETIE 
TLA' NOON AV GAMY AT OVUM BAAQUELTE OLEECR DEW) 
• 
/MATES DEOPIAME CROAN/AOLOM 
rOCATES CEL•03 AMES 
:TS CARATS &LOA COMA SAO 
P., WOO SAUTLEAS 
AODATESUPPERCANIETRY 
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
Ar:wa 
CHO 
AROVIt0 Cr PEGGED 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELCFMENT 
PERINI DOCUMENT 
gI BID DOCUMENT 
: : CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
II PROGRESS) REVIEW DOCUMENT 
PRESENTATION 
46, 10.11.10 REVISION 1 
09.2310 ISSUED FOR BIDDING 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
20 10 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.1610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW  
109 10 10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 09.0610 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
FLOOR PLAN 
3"...Aq1.13 n 
50421 
AS NOTED 
ID5.01A 
O 
MAR NM SNEER NOMILISPA SEE NOTES at DID [PADANG 
SALL r nO 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
"WAY 
P 
DECKED LAT 
/AL 
EFTA00727655
--- PAGE 4 ---
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
I,  Tx:via 
CHO 
z 
-4 
NOTE 
GC TO PROVIDE WIRELESS WI•FI 
/ 
sa 
O
f
t— pr 
e •--d•
ELECTRICAL PLAN 
SCALE 17= 14 
cp 
cz) 
c\J 
O 
z 
w 
ELECTRICAL PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
LA . 
S
mel 
C 
Aka. rJOJVED DOP.EA litC1)>I44( ASTAACO 
Air I,04. 
EgERCRUCCRITEDOJKZX RECEPTACLE IMMTERRESISTINT 
CO AR 
'MU MOATED OUP.EX RECUT/a E 
GROVO FMAT 
litTERRIPICRN All nET LCCATIOSS 
Att. IVIITED5PUT VARECIFECEPTACIE 
SMICIEOS THE 0.60 SLIVVISNEROVE0 
P. USN FLOOR NOLINTE2 CIEDICATED DUREX RECEPTACLE 
RUSH ROM MOUNTEDJUICI101180% 
EMI111300136lOtaTial (REFER SO ECIAPIen UETI 
DOOMS MOM MYER ELECIRICNSWGMO WES PER 
AONNMMLRFD
MEI/ISIREEEAVCCIAULTMTIMI3SMO NOES Fat 
SINFORIIATISSI 
YMLLN]IMEDJAFCIIONBO{
RUSH ROCK NOINTED TIXECISSNE RECEPTACLE 
-4> 
TYWRET 
EQUIPMENT SCHEDULE 
ELECTRICAL PLAN SHEET NOTES 
OESCRIPIPII 
ELECTROL REOURREMS 
O 
'ANA HOARD SCLATIO COLD RECOVACLE 
RUSH MCP WORITED DATA RECE2S2CAE 
CO 
panasrmovnretto 
'REAL NO.NTED DDICATED RECEPTACLE 
MEN RCOR NOLNTE0 T&E IDATA WPM= 
O 
POSIERPNIEL 
ouvtasel 
REUSE EXIST NG STOW 
REDS( OM HOOD 
suraGERAIOR 
OMER SLIMED. REAR WEE SHEETS 
REFREElaTOR 
OASEROUPPLIED. REFER WIC BEETS 
MENNE 
ONIER AlictilD. WIER WU San 
OMR SUFPLIED. REFERWEC SEM 
OVER SWIM. RIM SPEC 9tE IS 
OAMERIRIPPLED.REPER WC SKr IS 
OMER alffiltD. RUM SEC SEE
ORIERINIFIJED. REFER WES WETS 
DATER SUMO. REFER SEC SEE IS 
'Ada MaJsITED9MMEtRECEPT/CLE 
Ma KletrED ISMATEOSUPtaRECEPIACLE 
AMLL 10)UNTED COPO RECIPISAC 
IaltsflThillICESSE0 CLOCAIOUILET 
IITSCOISRI CAMAS MOOR 
fLUSHILOCRISSIMTED 
DAWCOASIRECIEPTA02 
OWL IIPPITED Melee RECEPTSCLE 
E 
WMLNDMIEDTEAYOETAT 
WACO 
COMO CONYILIKNOMINCRO 
COFRIE INCER 
RAT SCIenew 
ICE Ma 
NSIIIINIATCOMMAGUNSPOSsi. 
WILL MOLRITEDGVO PFAISI 
-4 
II 
I 
NM= SUFFICIENT EXTMEIECTRICAL CONXIITURE FOR kl LCCATION DEMO 
8.4•40VETIE KKR 4 OsSAIXCEPTACLES %SUMACH 20(IASE OF &WOWS'S 
COMMIE ACCORMIGLY. 
ALL RECEPTACLE 2204 COUNTER HEGWIARMILL sOMITO ONO RECEPUCL vs,
GC' Mk rtsrusto2rus (MESS 01102MSENOTESI 
PRI:MOEDA° RECEPTACLE ORECRY efteii$TOME TOP 
PROsIDE RECESSEOFICKIR POIAll 26 REGOREDRIS temASIERS 
AV tointwern LOCATED AT WE OF MOWN OME NUL% 
Nontei 04- MIXED 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELOVENT 
PERIM DOCUMENT 
ID BID DOCUMENT 
: : CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
PROGRESS) REVIEW DOCUMENT 
U 
PRESENTATION 
& 
10.11.10 REVISION 1 
09.2310 ISSUED FOR BIDDING 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
20 10 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.1610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW  
109 10 10 6511E FOR REVIEW 
109.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 09.0610 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
ELECTRICAL PLAN 
CIRAWM1TRE 
SCALE: 
AS NOTED 
will Wm Z. 
...-ennesmetuto.eetaimmesn 
. 
oanuctoce cameo. 
ID5.01B 
MIL 11001111M ROUTED 011ie FECEVIACIE 
WILL IMMO tEl DATARCOITA01 
WALL 120.WIEDPUBH MUM 
MIL 1231/NIED DEDICATE0 OUtl RECEPT.CIE 
MILL MOW= DATA MEMOS 
RUSH FLOOR IMMO WPM RECEPICE 
num MCP POWITED DAD RECOMOI 
AIM FLOOR MOUIIII.D2XIAND AREA PEI2PlAtLE 
SWEET AO 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
DRAM Err. 
P 
CMCKEOLIT: IQ 
EFTA00727656
--- PAGE 5 ---
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
- 
no. 
OECORAME 
MONO 
UGC 
Li. Od 
CD 
CD 
DECORATTE 
PENDANT 
LOIN; 
DDDD 
TO 
ITE 
DECOMINE 
LIGHTS 
ryryryryM
MONO 
]l 
ION.L4601•10% 
MCGRATH 
MOW LODI 
C:4 
PDII
IMPA
DA/O
WCETIM
UOITS
M‘.,„ ._- 
., 
414'14441 
....Y- 
a/ 
\ 
) 
I 
I 
I 
t 
`,.. 
•--. 
MODRED 
GLOM 
DOM 
ER 4— ER , 
_
I 
TOCE—NTIR 
DEO:RATRE 
PESO 031144 
A 
, 
. 
MOLL PERNETER 
I 
DECORATIVE 
ODOM VORIS 
/ 
OECORATIW 
i 
DAM U3RIS 
MAIL UNDER 
CAME UGRIC 
ILL 
TOM MORN 
I 
C 
A 
TOONE 
WON. 
SC 
) 
!DOWER 
DECORUM 
moon torts 
IS. 
TO AU. PERNETER 
OEOGRATRE 
IIPAIWI MRS 
-4. 
::\ 
\ 
—i— 
A 
r 
( -1.) 
..,. ...... _.-  
• ..-t 
-i: 
• - - -' --------- 
. ..---0 
A 
TODADOLIETIE 
OECCOAM 
mown 
• '.. ..., 
mons 
., T
_ L 
TONJANNER ‘ 
h— i 
__ 
_ 
/ / 
—.ELI ai 
LIGHTING PLAN 
TO AIL 
ownreuons 
S, 
oit 4— •140 —4,
AC DIM DOOR CMG 
WALE 102N1W 
C3 
DIMMER/SWITCH ZONING 
ZONE 1: (2) PENDANT LIGHT FIXTURE ABOVE BANQUETTES 
ZONE 2: (3) PENDANT LIGHT FIXTURE ABOVE ISLAM) f CENTER OR ROOM 
ZONE 3: (8) PENDANT LIGHT FIXTURE ALONG PERIMETER 
ZONE 4: AU. UNDER CABINET LIGHTING 
ZONE 5: (2) CEILING FANS 
O 
O 
C•J 
O 
z 
(7) 
Lu 
LIGHTING PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
DECORATIVE FIXTURE SCHEDULE 
LIGHTING PLAN SHEET NOTES 
RECESSE00007trliff 
RECESSED COLIN01•1 WASH 
ZEUAGFEJ:Tht 
WIDOW, CECORAME SONICE 
COLIC ROOMED PROACTER. REFER TOAV CONSULTORTS 
EFACEIFOR SPEORCATIONSMO DOOR. 
ro
06E MGMLIONT 
STARITIGPONT OF LAT• ILE CEIDIGGIOD OR SPECK Riff I 
SleirACL NOUVIDLOIT nova 
COMO YOLTOLD ONE SOW 01 901 
ra 
V./ 
CMANDELER MIT FIXTURE 
frs 
wan NCI.NTEDONESOEDRDTSW 
2,2 RETURN CALIF 
Mgt IONTIO 4,1414WAY $1•O4 
z 
YaLL WCUCC D SIKGLE MC WAY SWITO4 
142 ELFR.T E0TuSER 
WILL ROMEO faRMAY DMILR SWITOI 
7AL FILVIESCO/WORDR3 FIXTURE 
NEW SUCKEVREni UPON DE DETECTOR 
2)2 FL VCRESCEXI LCH1 F4D.RE 
ADO WAXER 'REF EQ AV DAD TOt ADOITIOWL DEO) 
• 
COULD ROATED FRE s'RFAUER 
1130•089 
A 
C LICIIDEO:PATTLEPBCWIT OW FEMME 
0.444)0ECOWIRe OU/DOORSCOICE 
C 
pmeemmerme 
P.T.COUNDER CADETROCUM 
LOCATE LIGHT VOLUM PIMMY MAGNI TO AWRY DC01 
°POMO C0.443 MOM ALL WITS TO BECANTEREO BETWEDI SS% 
I 
LOCATES LINE OF MORAINE LEM:114=M 
e 
NICAILSOECORATIVE PEY•slif Leff FIGURES. YPEN. 
(:) toonsumooloearmommanHca 
ROLAITS AC UNIIIREF ER ELEVATCli TER KOUT LOCATION! 
tOCATES CASPET *LOD MUM MUIR Mani:NKR 51 NICOISPOSAL 
SWOILOCATIONI 
I 
'OWLS STOA MAST 
,»...a. ,ti ti CIRO 
Loornt0 or RECCo0 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
H DESIGN DEVELOVENT 
• • PERIM DOCUMENT 
VII BID DOCUMENT 
: : CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
Tl PROGRESS) REVIEW DOCUMENT 
U PRESENTATION 
& 
1011 10 REVISION 1 
09.2310 ISSUED FOR BIDDING 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
20 10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.1610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW  
109 10 10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 09.0610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
LIGHTING PLAN 
CALVIN 11 
SCALE: 
AS NOTED 
onM1DOPLM. 
ID5.01C 
59EET 40 
CATE 
09.07.2010 
DRAVINEM 
P 
CHECKOFF, IC. 
EFTA00727657
--- PAGE 6 ---
hti
II I 
! zok
.L_
rLLt 
/rx 
T
Co 
41.0as von. 
:11
PAL TIE 
PUS TIE 
[SPRANGPONT] 
MOR" 
ISLOCATE0 AT 
CENTER DESUN 
ME TLC 
OPT .081 - 
CUE Et,: 
SEM 
SEM 
RILL TLC 
CO 
SO 
SO 
170 
FINISHES PLAN 
TX 
) I
I 
T 01 
TTAL STONE 
KALE: brxIX7 
FINISHES PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
FINISHES SCHEDULE 
--•••••• 
S 
O 
O 
C‘.1 
- • 
O 
w 
FINISHES PLAN SHEET I,CTES 
XA. 
FLOOR Mal 
ROOR1RANWTON 8R1001. 
TX 
TRANSIDON DETAIL NUMBER 
NOTE FOR TRAM3MON OETNL8 REFER TRMSIDON OETNL &CAM 
WAIL 
BABE rn
ODLI43 COOWTRIA 
x 
FLOOR 
IMALWORIC 
rn
x 
NOON AREA NOSH TAOS 
TYPCAL APPLES TO ALL 
AREAS N SOON 
TaI 
?LOCO RAISES 
rrat 24524 SIEVE TILE 
IITAIUFACTURBECNESNISTOTE 
CCONIMITIE RAE WAITENTITIOND 
IDEOUCIDN141 
NNN 
MPEOI 
WALL RAISES 
lilt PANT 
NONFACrUREA: WOWS WERE 
COLONSTSE SEER NEE 
PIODUCT: FLAT 
CIU 
ATM 
CLUE CHASES 
OM NET 
INNIUSACTURIM: SEKEEPIICOSE 
COLONITYLE SUPER NOE 
NEKET: FLAT 
Max 
ME NEWS 
IOW PAW 
RONFACTURBE IPINWIN NONE 
COLOESTYLE RIPER SHE 
MOW: SESOLCSS 
DONE/MNS 
RTE PANT 
INNEACIUNE: EN.PEN WORE 
COLOREWLE WIER ME 
NONCE SOSPEOSS 
CRON. ERNES 
mottuimous oxses 
la PANT 
ITS* GENETS EXTENE 
NATIUMaURER: DEMME MO 
ARIL i  MANUFACTURER: SY RUMMER 
 CCURSTYLE SUPER DIVE 
AI 
COLORSTILE MATCHCONTROL DAME 
PACOUCT:WWWWS 
MOW: NA 
Wit STONE COUNERTOPSVINKANWX 
rST
el  moor/88mA: CAENF6TONE 
41f COLOOSTYLE EGOSatiPO.SHEO 
PRODUCT: ANN 
(:) refuse) 
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
ilik:WF J 
CHO 
AROARE10+ RECOUP 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
• 1 DESIGN DEVELOVENT 
' • DEMI DOCUMENT 
BID DOCUMENT 
: : CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
PROGRESS) REVIEW DOCUMENT 
U PRESENTATION 
& 
10.11.10 REVISION 1 
09.2310 ISSUED FOR BIDDING 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
20 10 .ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.1610 .8*311E FOR REVIEW  
10, 10 10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 09.0810 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
FINISHES PLAN 
ORAYRRO1M£ 
SCALE 
AS NOTED 
AI Pan. .AmrsTucrAT 
omogolcommeot.etmolmeTATOLAscomAt 
OlwasOlOgatens 
aft 
m not Tearanote 
ID5.01 D 
SWEET ISO 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
DAMMED" 
P 
GECKOS,' 
NZ 
EFTA00727658
--- PAGE 7 ---
3414* 
FURNITURE PLAN 
SCALE 102-41# 
O 
O 
C•J 
O 
- • 
O 
(7) 
w
FURNITURE!ACCESSORIES! HARDWARE LEGEND 
FURNITURE PLAN SHEET NOTES 
MO 
KEY 
DEINTRITIO1 
NO 
ay 
<mean 
r ET 
PRM 
FOR Ni %DLL WOUNTED BMW NOM ART. 
I 
i TALES 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
FROMM MOOD FOR Pa WALL WOWED CASTETRY AS SEOOREM 
I INIOJETTE 
II 
WE Mt WAD 0381RUCTON IS %MOND DID 11400( MIEN SOTO MTI CONCRETE 
STOLL 
6RHEDwOMFA 
II 
MCI 1 / 2 00193 WOVE STUCCO 
SNAIL CADET DLL 
AERRDwOMER 
a 
LAROE CADET RILL 
V 
II 
II 
IS 
a 
II 
II 
IS 
Z 
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
1,  PEWS. 
UFO 
NICH0L0 01 RECCSO 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELCPMENT 
PENNI DOCUMENT 
gI BID DOCUMENT 
: : CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
PROGRESS/ REVIEW DOCUMENT 
U PRESENTATION 
& 
10.11.10 REVISION 1 
09.2310 ISSUED FOR BIDDING 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
20 10 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.1610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW  
109.10.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 09.0610 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
FURNITURE PLAN 
DRAWING TR 
SOUL 
AS NOTED 
ID5.01 E 
SKEET h0 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
DRAYROP. 
P 
CHECKOFF, 
NZ 
EFTA00727659
--- PAGE 8 ---
Hirrrmnovcro 
rr4•11 
Tr 
L 
-
-
-
-
••• Iwo imp mr 
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING NORTH 
SC.N.E. toT474* 
/ / 
• 
{ • 
/ 
• 
e 
• 
• 
7/ / 
he 
- 0
• 
r_ar,...
-- 
// 
— 
:c 
- 
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING SOUTH 
D701 
rr 
rr —c 
SCALE 12-47-0' 
0444f 
Fteeerw4. 
5.
TYPICAL CROWN MOLDING DETAIL 
SCALE:3'010-
TYPICAL BASE MOLDING DETAIL 
SCALE:7411O' 
- 
moon 
- 
WOOD DOA 
GROUT 
2.2411E 
IALOSET 
TYPICAL DOOR THRESHOLD DETAIL 
{{. 
- 
I OUTS IDEI 
- 
TIOCO PIO TIER 
NEwOCEAL SIM 
MEESE= 
DOTING STOW 
BULOOSE IPANSITON 
SCALE:7411C 
O 
O 
GV 
r 
cz> 
ci) 
w 
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
V.3 ,titi CHO 
AROVItel OF RECCCO 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
: 1 DESIGN DEVELOVENT 
DEMI DOCUMENT 
gI BID DOCUMENT 
: : CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
PROGRESS) REVIEW DOCUMENT 
U PRESENTATION 
& 
10.11.10 REVISION 1 
09.2310 ISSUED FOR BIDDING 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
20 10 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.1610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW  
109.10.10 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 09.06 10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
KITCHEN 
INTERIOR 
ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
ORIONS 111E 
SCALE: 
AS NOTED 
vassalectly.e.nroor-pritmatleacewcarntsm 
ca•••••••••.-es 
ID6.01A 
SwEET nO 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
DRAVINEM 
P 
CHECKED BY: 
HZ 
EFTA00727660
--- PAGE 9 ---
-E0 
E0 
- AGENT 
I 
yr  
TA•-Sr-yr 
ftl 
71•
NOM 
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING WEST 
If 
I 
c5
74.
—SO' 
NOTE 
MOCKMIPPEMCNYlIKM RITURESFCN
TIEGMTEPPKOW. PROT TO IMSTALLATECT1 
r
PEWEE RECESSED 
CLCCIODUTL ET 
I 
FOR FUTURE 
PYTTLIM LIGET 
L FRONDE MCKIM 
FOR IVOR MT 
k 
SOME:172N1'47 
PROIDE masa° 
CLOCK OUTLET 
RA FUTURE 
PCTERE LiGml 
MOVIDEBLOOMO 
FOR TV OR PM 
iN
r. 
nr 
.ate x 
-A-
1-1
 103CRUP PMDMIT DOM FRTURES FOR 
MOO /AMOR& PRIOR TO INSTAIMOION 
MORMON TELEOATA 
N7 emausneeMe 
MI 
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING EAST 
mm
SOME: Ifi TTI4T 
AL Mt GRIMM NTH 
OCCR a DJSTINGARWAS 
NEW NINO/ 
STONE YARD/Na l 
[CORLETT:Tr 
TOT•ERITITJA 
AT ET...4 
DETAIL: BANQUETTENVINDOW SECTION 
SCALE: lint -O• 
cp 
cz) 
GV 
r 
irS 
z 
w 
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
J W.:a ORO 
Noint0 O mcC60 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
• 1 DESIGN DEVELOVENT 
PERIM DOCUMENT 
BID DOCUMENT 
: : CONSTRUCTION 00CUMENT 
PROGRESS) REVIEW DOCUMENT 
U PRESENTATION 
& 10.11.10 REVISION 1 
09.2310 ISSUED FOR BIDDING 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
20 10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.1610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW  
109.10.10 ,ISS1JE FOR REVIEW 
109.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 09.06 10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
KITCHEN 
INTERIOR 
ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
ORAYMG TIME 
SCALE: 
AS NOTED 
. 
....in. J. 
ID6.01B 
54(11 ISO 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
DRAY MEM 
P 
CHECKOUT: 
NZ 
EFTA00727661
--- PAGE 10 ---
evrrow sew
EXTERIOR LACQUER FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL SAAIPLE 
?TN' NNEE DTAVE 
rot 
te. 
-- 
511 TINT OJT. 
_—_MI ma sem 
05mANSTTER 
c 
TRASH 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND PLAN 
SCALE VrE-0" 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND ELEVATION 
SCALE LW-0' 
II • 
$AITCII FON 
SW DISPOSAL 
-- 
DOT ir.l'e7
5A1
WALD RECEPTACTE 
!ACE / 
Du 
SM 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND ELEVATION 
RPM PULP:Az:I 
5-1 
I 
4r 
IN 
STONE 
CONTER 
TOP 
- 
STONE COUNTER 
TOP 
ST/MESS MD. 
PULLS 
COCA:Omit DIMAS 
STONE TOP WM 
'AVMS< 
MITRED COMERS 
PROVLIENELPEAKE 
caner. PCIAISTS1 SHELVES 
DRAWER trtERICIS: 
COLOR %WM 
PAVAN AFAVYERITY 
CONCEALED ELROPFAX 
HINGES. TYPICAL 
FROMDE IIELASOME 
COPINET.ADJUSABLE STEMS 
DPAAER INTERIMS 
COCA. MOE 
14,—manr L 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND SECTION 
L 
SCALE: 1 II2‘t-Ce 
DISHWASHER 
MOTE REFER Melee 
Cl/MEET( SPECFrATIONS 
FORMA RCOURED 
CLEARTACE AN744MEATNI 
AS PER FAVAUFACTURERS 
PASTRIXDONST 
/ 
DETAIL: SECTION 
SCALE: 1 IttAte 
EXTERIOR LACQUERED FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL SAMPLE 
PROACE SELF CLOW, GLEES 
PROVIDE xmwoury 
LINCERICINT SOFT CLOSE 
WASTE SPOUSES 
TRASH 
TRASH 
ott 
LEVELER. 
PODArk SELF ClOSIG Et LES 
PRVIIDE PEAVY-COTY 
OeiCEALE0 ELSOFEW 
HAKES nnEAL 
IMP 
L Eva EA TYP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND SECTION 
SCALE: 1 ItiAtte 
AMEN RECEPTACLE 
'SATE CPFIXOE sco 
Ng 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND ELEVATION 
STONE TOP WITH 
NITREDCOMITS 
DETAIL: SECTION 
SCALE: 118+1'-0' 
cp 
c\J 
O 
z 
. . 
(7) 
w 
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
75.:4W5 v5 W.:a ONO 
xEwLNR 
ARDATLE1 a RECORD 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELCFMENT 
' ' PERMIT DOCUMENT 
VII BID DOCUMENT 
: : CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
PROGRESS / REVIEW DOCUMENT 
PRESENTATION 
AbT 10.11.10 REVISION 1 
09.2310 ISSUED FOR BIDDING 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
20 10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.1610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW  
109 10 10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
1:19.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 09.0810 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
ISLAND 
3‘7AVINi TiIt 
YALE. 
AS NOTED 
...atint),IMASIrraK 
•elletCPCOCCJWISO 
ID7.01A 
SLEET no 
SCALE 1'0w 
SCALE: e•E-0* 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
"%AVM Err. 
P 
CHECKEOEM 
EFTA00727662
--- PAGE 11 ---
2*.COLNTIMICP 
VOCCOVANONSIL 
PAW FNSII  
ADJUSTABLE SELVES 
LEl£FR DIP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE:1 112'61'4' 
EXTERIOR LACQUERED FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL. SAMPLE 
6. 
A.
MCO MAPCO./ ELL 
vNM FLASH - 
STONE BACK SPlAS, 
CONT ERT OP 
ICE MACHINE 
IPOTE: RIPER 10 ECIUNDIT 
CLITSFEEWSIcancAlion 
PCR WARPAGE NO ‘041LOICO 
REQUIRE° BY UNIUFACTURERS 
114111.1C11O141 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE:1 1/2'611-0' 
MODIANDOW at 
moms., 
STEM BACK SPLASH 
—SICK TOP WORM COINER 
8IeCONIIMOF 
PROW* SELF GLOOM Oaf, TV 
PROMPAIIMire Meet 
Allimirmar Sawn 
06A6ERNIENat 6050RINEE 
r 
F 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE:1 1/2-61%0' 
soihusti S1199.  
N.ADA.A6 ratt 
woomvpimw s IL 
oma FraSsi 
mom eau SPLASH  
— VOW TOP %%IAMB) COINER 
74'COMERTOP 
ELF CLOSIKO GLEES. LIP 
PROVICE KAMM", 
• 
COCULE019/WErei 
Heat MICA 
TY. 
— 
IEVEIERTIP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: 112.rte 
cp 
GV 
O 
O 
z 
Lu 
It
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
ilik:WF J 
CHO 
ARDHRECI0 RECCC0 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELCFMENT 
PERIM DOCUMENT 
ID BID DOCUMENT 
: : CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
II PROGRESS/ REVIEW DOCUMENT 
PRESENTATION 
46, 10.11.10 REVISION 1 
09.2310 ISSUED FOR BIDDING 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
20 10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.1610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW  
10 10 6511E FOR REVIEW 
109.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 09.0810 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
CABINETS 
3",111 /43 1111 
SCA E 
AS NOTED 
ID7.01B 
SLEET NO 
UAW 
09.07.2010 
DRAY MEM 
P 
CHECKOFF, fa 
EFTA00727663
--- PAGE 12 ---
rn 
to
PROVEE FEAVYOUTY 
CONCEALED EUROPEAN 
'INGE& MCA 
PROAX 110.AW4E 
ADJUSTABLE SKIM .1 
OFtWeliliTIEROR COLOR MITE 
COMBO DOUBLE 
CONVECTION 
OVEN MICROWAVE 
Oa AMA TOCCUPIENT 
CUT SFEETWECFCATION 
ER
 /JO MOURN 
WWI° ICI Wing MRS 
NSTRUCTICNS) 
PROV DE SELF CLOSNG GLIDES TYP 
PlICMDFIIELASOE Waft 
/0.11/31/811 SHIZES 6 
DRAMR IPITEROR: CO.CR Win 
LEVELER TM •
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE 1 112-. VC*
ADLISTPME 
&ELVES 
IMCAL 
MUMS WEB. --
SS 
TYPICAL 
EXTERIOR LACQUERED FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL SAMPLE 
MOAK LELA...EV.9NET 
MULGTH3LE MAIMS 
MYER MErtgli CALM * 
PROMOS MAME COME 
'ICUUSTABLE SHELVESI 
LRAM MERSA 03tOR.M. 
CUt 
ASIDE 
LACER MKT PUCK LIMS10-1-
L 
STONE BACK SRA41 
STME TOP tt WNW CORNER 
747 COLIMIERT CP 
PROMIX SELF CLOSNG NO E S 
PONCE KAWOVTY 
Cita/LEO EUSOPFAX 
*Mit 1W1M 
MOAT 
E SORVE 
no 
lj
LEI/SURMA 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE:1 Iint-0 -
ADJUSMUE 
MIMES, 
MAUL 
STAMM STEIL
WMAARL. MAC& 
raR 
mai 
Witt R MIAS RICK UGHTIC 
SlOhE BAC< SPLASH 
STINE TOP W IMRE° CORNER 
COPTERIC. 
(6) 
Tr 
xJ
PROM SW CLOSM GLOBS 117 
PRC'OE IMAM Kt MINET. 
*ilk Oaf 9f LAS 
ORAAER INFIRM CCLOR MUTE 
LEV&ER TIP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: I vr.r.o• 
T 
AMS 'NAL &COES. 
TW 
MOM liELAukt 
AFT. 
?DPP HIE PIELAS 6 
DRAMA MERM MLR AM 
- 
PROM HEAMOUTY 
CONCEALED EUROPEAN 
ANGESMACAL 
ADAAME &EMS. 
TIP 
LEMEILTYP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE. I I72%1'4 
cp 
cz) 
c\I 
O 
. . 
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
THMS. J W... 
IEYRVx 
ARDIALS1 OF RECCAO 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELCFMENT 
• • PERIM DOCUMENT 
BID DOCUMENT 
: : CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
PROGRESS) REVIEW DOCUMENT 
PRESENTATION 
& 
10.11.10 REVISION 1 
09.2310 ISSUED FOR BIDDING 
09.2210 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
20 10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.1610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW  
10 10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
109.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
 09.0610 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
CABINETS 
3,,q1.13 1111 
SCALE. 
AS NOTED 
ID7.01C 
SHEET NO 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
DIWAYEM 
P 
CHECKOFF, 
la 
EFTA00727664
--- PAGE 13 ---
IOSISTABIE 
SELVES. 
TYROL 
STAIV.ESS STE EL 
EROVCE WILIAITIE GMT 
ADJUSTABLE SKIVES), 
MATER INTEFOOR CC4OR 
Ina OAS NET PltNt GMT, G 
STCPC E.CtX SP-ASH 
( 
SICK TOP W w MO CORNER 
2.0 comma,
PROW* SELF CLOS PG 0: OES. TYP ji 
TRASH 
TRAM 
PROVDE HEAW.WTY 
INCERPACtill SUET CLOSE 
WASTE ON GUCES 
F]
LEVELER. TYP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE:1 1f2‘1%0* 
REVCPIABLELACOUERED 
REVV/ARE lACOUERED PAVEL 
L EXTERIOR LACQUERED FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL SAMPLE 
REFIGERATOR 
ROTE. REFER TO EDUPIENT 
GVT SKEPSPEORCAPON 
FOR CLEARNICE NO VINTLATION 
REOURED BY WOOMACTURERS 
II4TRUCTC•41 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE 11124r-0-
RE'iOWSLELAGOOEREO 
• r 
FRME 
S41' 
PUGN MTH 
KvOrASLELA4001Aco PMEL 
OPEN 
FOR 
REFIGERATOR 
INOTE. REFER TO EOUFWENT 
CLOT WEISE° KATO. 
FOR CLENUOICE ANC VENTLATION 
MOORED BY IMMISACTIJILERS 
INSTRUCTION% 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: 1 1/21•1c0* 
wtoto CAC 
O 
O 
(NI 
• 
O 
z 0 
ci) 
LLI 
FA 
MARKZEFF 
PROJECT 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
s m4.04 us Wawa.° 
A100TECT OF KCVO: 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
PERMIT DOCUMENT 
• 
BID DOCUMENT 
C CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
PROGRESS TREVIEWDOCUMEENT 
O PRESENTATION 
10.11.10 REVISION I 
0123.10 ISSUED FOR BIDDING 
09.22.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.16.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.10.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
0909.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
0208.10 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCT IM 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
CABINETS 
cavari T T. r 
SCALE 
AS NOTED 
ID7.01D 
SHEET NO. 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
MAMIE," 
JP. 
['MEMORY 
YE 
EFTA00727665
--- PAGE 14 ---
FA 
5'4"ttEertn 0 egKREST 
34? 
trT VT,/ EISHEDAA.LL TO FrIS4E0 mai 
KS[CE0HT °BACKREST a E.le NI) 
T 
3.5' 
I
— 
. 
i 
SEAN 
—. • - • — NMI 
—,EAm 
a 
I 
C 
WAGED ACCESS FANEt 
.. 
Fat AY E0UPIENT 
3'.5 
Rill 
- 
HOED ACCESS PAVEL 
RA AVEC:MAIM 
I 
V 
/4' 
i
dill_ 
ley, 
WISED AMASS PANEL 
FOR AY EOU MINT 
rl 
•r 
I' IP 
ir II
14' 
T 
3' 
'NE 'SYS'S 
'viler:11.Mo 
•ICE 
Re Offen 
DETAIL: BANQUETTE 
SCALE: V=1.$ 
SELF WELT 
DETAIL: BANQUETTE OPTIONS 
SF, FEt1 
- 
MAYA TYE 
- 
5F4,c; Tv? 
SELF vEti 
rvi(Ir 
SELF WELT 
SEMEATYP 
SCALE: r.r.r 
O 
O 
z 
u ") 
LIJ 
MARKZEFF 
PROJECT 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
s maw, us Mt. Ou.0 
KEWIJOI: 
NICIIIIECT 01 RECCE.): 
PHASE: 
SCREIAATIC DESIGN 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
PERMIT DOCUMENT 
• 
BID DOCUMENT 
C CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
PROGRESS TREVIEWDOCUIEENT 
O PRESENTATION 
10.11.10 REVISION 1 
0123.10 ISSUED FOR BIDDING 
09.22.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.16.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.10.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
0968.10 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
BANQUETTE 
SPAWNS TITLE.
SCALE 
AS NOTED 
ID7.01E 
SKEET W. 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
DRAWN Et 
JP. 
CHECEEDST 
KIE 
EFTA00727666
--- PAGE 15 ---
FA 
MARKZEFF 
PROJECT 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
s maw, 
VOONOWO 
SELF PELT 
UNE CF ASSES WAIL 
Sac M.T 
DETAIL: BANQUETTE SECTION 
SEALE 7.1,0* 
SELF Val 
SD) MIT 
HP.CED COSS MEL AT FREW 
FOR AV E0OPENT 
DETAIL: BANQUETTE SECTION 
SCALE: Tely7 
O 
(N1 
O 
z 
ci) 
NDIRECTG RECO.): 
PHASE: 
SCREIAATIC DESIGN 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
PERMIT DOCUMENT 
• 
BID DOCUMENT 
C CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
PROGRESS TREVIEWDOCUMENT 
O PRESENTATION 
10.11.10 REVISION 1 
0123.10 ISSUED FOR BIDDING 
09.22.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.20.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.16.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.10.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
09.09.10 ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
0968.10 ,ISSUE FOR REVIEW 
07 10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
BANQUETTE 
CRAMS TITLE.
SOLE 
AS NOTED 
ID7.01 F 
VW IC. 
DATE 
09.07.2010 
DRNMI Et. 
JP. 
O4ECKEDIrt 
IJz 
EFTA00727667

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727668.pdf
----------------------------------------
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
CST. THOMAS. U.S. VIRGIN ISLAND 
KITCHEN ALTERATION: 
ISSUED FOR CONSTRUCTION - 10. 22. 2010 
DRAWING INDEX 
COVER SHEET 
Al 
SCHEDULES AND NOTES 
A2 
ENLARGED KITCHEN FLOOR PLAN 
A3 
ENLARGED KITCHEN ELECTRICAL PLAN 
A4 
ENLARGED KITCHEN LIGHTING PLAN 
A5 
ENLARGE KITCHEN FINISHES PLAN 
A6 
ENLARGED FURNITURE PLAN 
A7 
KITCHEN INTERIOR ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
A8 
KITCHEN INTERIOR ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
A9 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
A10 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
All 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
Al2 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
A13 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
Al4 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN ISLAND 
KITCHEN CABINETS 
KITCHEN CABINETS 
KITCHEN CABINETS 
KITCHEN BANQUETTE 
KITCHEN BANQUETTE 
LAND SURVEYORS 
BRIAN MOSLEY & 
ASSOCIATES, INC 
4003 RAPHUNE HILL ROAD 
SUITE 606, ST. THOMAS. VI 00802 
PHONE (340) 774-5310 
FAX (340) 776-4093 
CONTRACTOR 
LSJ, LLC 
AMERICAN YACHT HARBOR 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, SUITE B3 
ST.THOMAS. VI 00802 
PHONE (340) 779-8054 
FAX (340) 779-8055 
DESIGNER 
MARKZEFF 
515 WEST 20TH STREET. 4W 
NEW YORK, NY 10011 
PHONE: 212.624.4004 
FM: 212.624.4008 
CONTACT: RYAN WISEHART 
CONTACT: GARY KERNEY 
CONTACT: JORGE PORTA 
EFTA00727668
--- PAGE 2 ---
ARCHITECTURAL FINISHES SCHEDULE (REFER SHEET ID5.01D FOR LOCATIONS) 
ITEM IWO 
MEItho 
DESCKPECti 
ILMISACTIATER 
MOP i MISR 
TICIOCSS 
.T,. . ,., 
OROUTCCIER 
 COW/EATS 
/LOOMIS 
T41 
2I% 21 STONEPLOORMO 
CPIENTSTGE 
EVRE wort must° 
(MIK 
OHM 
I SIMAE0111.11 
BY GENERAL CONIRV., co.,
MKT 
ROB 
WEL NOCELINO MIT 
BENIMANMOOM 
SUPER NOE / OUT 
la 
Tit 
M 
BY MIER* CON1RACTER 
MKT 
MO 
0008 IBM PANT 
BEIIIVANIXORE 
RIPER IONE CEEMOID38 
Mt 
TT? 
NA 
BY GE nERP. ENTRACTE?? 
FA 
SEM 
ST42 
comma SMCKSIMI 
CPWRSTOC 
NOSHILI./ MEMO 
114 DK IMAM EKE 
ell 
M 
 BY KLEAOWER tPAWOL *AYRES FOR APPRCOO 
LOCOUERIIMISH 
EMI 
CAWS DRAM 
SEIWEANAOSE 
alNITILLTIACE 
M 
f212140 
RE 
BT WELA(RKER 'ROSIN SAVAES FOE AP-PAO. A: -, 
p 
i 
MAINE !WPM COMET INTERORi 
NA 
Can POEM?? 
la 
1/010ABITAIIITElWan 
la 
MA 
KA 
DT I? LLACRKER WEAVE SALCLIS ICE APEROL, L 
MISCELLANEOUS FINISHES SCHEDULE 
MAME 
_I. ... 
DESSEIPTICII 
WillSCELIIER 
COLOR/MN 
1NCIVESE 
MODEL N) 
momCOLOR 
:, L TS 
MARKZEFF 
ERNOUET1E FABRIC 
:BO 
1B0 
PIO 
1E0 
MO 
1E0 
TEO 
sJP.EDENCORIER 
LIGHT FIXTURES (REFER SHEET ID5.01C FOR LOCATIONS) 
MIME 
nm re_ 
DESSRP1101 
Iiire&EXII.RER 
1- CCLOR / RIM 
BULIMPE A MEM& 
, MOIL ?As 
I =RENTS 
DECORATIVE PM:WU Lea KEW 
LT01 
WKEYEES Mu EWE ?BOW 
I RESTOPAMEIHAFOOSIE 
I mums, 
POOON201 
SUPPLEDBYMER 
LITTLE SAINT 
UNDOCAIREE PUCE UPI FORUM 
LEOS 
UHLER= RECESSEDRAWGIIT 
LUXOWSHING 
MEV KATIE 
1117-124PM 
(111111WORCA 
CEUKG NR 
LEOS 
CEUNO FR 
TN 
I - 
110 
supPum cc cme. 
JAMES 
DECORUM OUMONECONCE 
LTOI 
SOCECE 
I PR 
i MA 
NA 
EY (OEM CWT., - 
PPM*, 
it 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
PLUMBING / TOILET ACCESSORIES SCHEDULE (REFER SHEET ID5.01A FOR LOCATION) 
,‘ 7,,....,..., ........ 
MAME 
nom 
OBSCEPUON 
WATJECUIER 
CCI.CF Pim*. 
MOB. Pb 
KENINNI. 
OOLIAE WEE MC 
ROI 
INC 
REANIGKED 
STAN.ESS STEEL 
I MO= 
I DUPREE E -,,,,tERKIMERTORIOCCIOLLWDRICERPATh 1 -,
SSW 'ESNS. 
ROE 
SN( 
IREM(EKSO 
 STANASSST(El 
PS‘1101P2P8 
SJP:t CD b• CP'otEg tmiEllIOPROVOE LT tosTar.TR vrp 
01St? 
1.0t4 
FIALINJEFALISET 
Mat 
I SUNLESS STEEL 
PflISDO 
. . 
EDIT
AP TOPROPIA -
- ! 
POT KUERFAUCE7 
P.03 
I WAIL NCO= POTFILOE 
MINE
STEAL ESE. STEEL 
IMMO 
, T._ E3BYCNTE, - 
..EralOCti,  - 
APPLIANCE I EQUIPMENT SCHEDULE (REFER SHEET ID5.01B FOR LOCATION) 
ITINITIE 
DEMME 
DESCAFIION 
WEAFAC11.RER 
f COLOR/MCA 
MOIL Kt 
Cisv??ExTE 
13134VAEMER 
PM 
90101141198ER 
KHCHEIOND 
SIMPLE% SIM 
OIDCKFVE8 
EUPPLEDBYOANER (0001ERIOPROSIX KN. /flay 
STOW 
PM 
REUSE DOYEN34,3TCAE 
PM 
STANASS STEEL 
IN 
SUPPLIEDBECAINEA OMAN MOHO 
NNW ICOO 
NE 
REVEL DOSING It ODE DZNAUST1030 
IR 
ST AISLE% EWA 
RA
SUMO WOMBS MAE EXLSTIMG1 
IED 
WitESTEGERAIOR 
PM 
OULT411 Stag DOORREFRIKMATOK 
EL.
STA/I:ESESTEEL :11)3LOR MOLES :LANCES ON RIGIa SCE 
KI1001118111 
SUPPLED BY OMER (OMER TO FROWN Ma APFROVAL) 
WREERKERATOR 
PM 
BULTMOVER MINDER REFROEPATCR 
ELISZRO 
 STAzilESS STEEL ? TUOJEAR SAME ?IMES CH LEFT SOE 
813PASS11 
OUPPLEDBYONNER (0AtER10 PRONE MEAL APPROVAL) 
MENEM 
PM 
KA 
PM 
KA 
IN 
SUPRJEDIVOLOIEK LOAM TOPROSIX RNAL ARROWS) 
-MA 
-IN 
-of,— 
M 
SUICE.0 VIOANES(011IIMTOPROSIN MK NORMAL? 
COLE WEN OW IICROPMEOCIIKIN 
la 
ICTIO:13000ULIOEHFCLERIMLCvel 
NAYM 
ETOOKEESSEBEL 
WAYASELMOS 
EUPPLEDBY GAMER (OMIER10 PROsta FINK APPROVAL) 
COFFEEPAUSR 
M 
1BD 
TEO 
1E0 
NO 
SUPPLED BY OMER (OMER TO PROLIX KIVA APEROYAL) 
r 
RAT scam Tv 
PM 
110 
?DS 
1BD 
110 
SUPPLIEDBY WW1 LOWER TO PROM RIK AM0N% 
e)4 
a mum 
m 
MOO> ICENAREA 
WOW* 
STAAILISSSEIL 
103111.116 
SUICE.0 VIOANES(011IIMTOPROSIN MK NORMAL? 
itaiNEERATORIGOMAGEOSPOSLL 
41/4 
110 
TEO 
TEO 
TEO 
OUPPLEDINOMIEK (OrMIERIOPROVOE MAL APPROVAL) 
_ 
ALPO? VISUAL EOUPP/EPC 
TEO 
TV 
1BO 
NO 
8UPPLEDBYGINEll (OMER TOPROv LE : i • 2, APPROVAL NOCCOROIIRTE NOGOIEFLY. CONTRICTOR, 
HARDWARE SCHEDULE
ITEM TYPE 
DESCRPT1Cti 
CMOS PRO)! 
FICOB.lap 
COMM 
CASKET NAPS 
SWEL RAL 041,-, . 
 NAME 
STAINLESS STEEL: MATTE 
11741180: 
BY IILLIMAKER 
(NI 
CAMP PULPS 
LCiall Illeaml 
IWEU 
STAN1CSS STEEL :MATTE 
117.05.0): 
BY IIIXACRPOI 
— 
M 
CASKETORMAN PIKES 
COPCEPLED DAMAN Hum 
pRoSIED MCKEL OP EaNtp 
MA 
BY IILLWCPXER tIPROIDE Slpittim, .,, , . ,. - -. - -P, i 
PHASE: 
Li SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
S.93 CLCGriet LUDES 
DRAAER OLCCS 
Pa 
FROSTED ?ECKEL tOR MAL? 
SA 
BY MILL'ACEIXER IPROVME 111/14DARD Fla: v. -. .,,,. 
Co 
(.7) 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT
LEWLEAS 
CAPET FLOOR leittER 
Pa 
STAMESSSTEE, i IPATTE 
stA 
BY IIIXAOIXERIPROMDE EMYIDARD try, : . ,- , : i-. ' 
WASTE BP ICOCCS 
oust AMIE ON SOC1CLOSEOUST 
,.'CI r 
PROSTIOPICEE' 
4SCIS04:01 ',LT • , ?V 
ST ?MACAO 
Zr?
[ I 
E PERMIT DOCUMENT
a j 
Ce 
LI SID DOCUMENT 
• 
CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
(1 PROGRESS/ REVIEW DOCUMENT 
PRESENTATION 
- 
— 
10.2210 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
SCHEDULES 
AND 
NOTES 
Criamtil TITLE 
SCALE: 
AS NOTED 
en. 
V.6 Ka 
400.1.1.0•C•ICareaAttlACIPtIOC) •}1,0<04,  rea M 
WAR,. O.I.O.DS 
C~IS 
0101, 00(<0.0•WSle 
d
ICS
‘ 
I 
STE( r 1,0 
DATE 
10.22.2010 
DRAVAY Err. 
P. 
CMCKEOEir 
AE 
EFTA00727669
--- PAGE 3 ---
tz. 
I-
-H 
RN 
PT 
EX1s6 
DOOR CoG 
FASO 
=Fa 
Lunen 
rterj —,•— rt3h• 
me* 
I  
30' 
tr4t 
/ 
OWN IRS! 
RAT 
C 
HALE SHE 
1437 
6STo1E1100O 
I/431 
SO 
C. SHIM 
CO 
• 
- 3 
2cW 
I
ii 
—1 
FLOOR PLAN 
A> 
CD 
/ 
I 
SCALE l7 1.4 
REVISION 2: 10. 22. 2010 
FLOOR PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
PLUMBING FIXTURE SCHEDULE 
FLOOR PLAN SHEET NOTES 
O 
COSMO PARTITION TO ADAM 
NEW PART
 SEE %%ALUMS FOR CIARICATal 
EOSTWIFOLWATION ND MONO 
HDCATESRART.TOs TIRES:WIER DE To.S: 
AWN ARMES 
ENO RTES H.EVADOH PATAXER 
NEWT HOUR FRE RATED MATTEIS 
INMATES SKETCH WAXER 
Na 
O 
NEWGIASS PAREITHIS 
IPOCATITSWERIILAD SCOMSNOOROPTINHIS 
OCIDATRINWHITOW ISILHOER TOPS 
ITECATESIREITIORDUSIOTAMTLWRE 
WAIL WHICR• COMM NORM:9W KRIM 
S e 
ROOM WHEAAT) ROSY WRIER 
WHAMS WASHED WIGHT 
AHMED nnic sonct 
P41) WOW 848(1 SNE UROERIOWIff 
RHO MWEITIDEIWOORT 
NnAll•AWEI 
DE03) POT BURR FAUCET 
AVE:IOW Mt SU HPATORSCHWAL 
• 
CATESOCOR TYPE 
ITOCATESTWIDRWE TYPE 
C.) LOSTiloasatEn HALL TO RiSmn 
C PALM SPOTTEW (TO AWN witiOPPOSTE MALL) 
tT 
STGI•E %MIS OF SC0.59040 ROMA TO REws• 
Cc) BOLEN litOtOLETrE 
a, 
NOON AV CAVITY AT MUM BAWNETSE MUER DETµS) 
/MATES DEOCRATRE CRETAN MOLD M 
tOCATES CREW RITKOIS 
CT; CARATS ORLONCOM MAW 
Cr 
WOO SWETT:RS 
rotATES TOPER CABINETW 
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
NO. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
••••:•aa 
HitHLOO 
ARCHITECT Of RECCRO 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC OESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELOVENT 
H PERMIT DOCUMENT 
J 
SID DOCUMENT 
• 
CONSTRUCTION OOCUMENT 
Ti PROGRESS) REVIEW DOCUMENT 
U PRESENTATION 
I 
10.7210 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
FLOOR PLAN 
°RAOUL, Ti 
SCALE: 
AS NOTED 
O 
FLOOR RAN OW NOR HUSS LW WAS (Ti TNStw.DING 
S•RET•TO 
DATE 
10222010 
DRAMEM 
P 
GECKOS", 
HZ 
EFTA00727670
--- PAGE 4 ---
z 
f 
NOTE 
GC TO PROVIDE WIRELESS WITI 
q) 
RI 
A'7
•
ail 
co3 
L 
N N
OCENAOIR 
ELECTRICAL PLAN 
SCALE 17=1.4 
REVISION 2: 10. 22. 2010 
ELECTRICAL PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
EQUIPMENT SCHEDULE 
ELECTRICAL PLAN SHEET NOTES 
LA' 
Cal
C 
-e 
A Nl rA)AtTED DOP.EA ACCIATACLE ASTAACO II; Al LoA 
EgrEACRACCRAEOOJAZX RECFPIACEE VA, WATER RESISTANT 
CfAtA 
'AA: I. MOATED OUP.EX RECEPTACLE VAGROULOFMAT 
litTERRLPICA n All AEI LCCATIOAS 
Att. IAMITED5PUT AIRED FECEPTACIE AS I II OFTET 
SMICIE0 L niEntROLAMSDEROIZEO 
• 
FLUSH FLOOR NOLINTEA LIEDICATED DUPLEX RECEPTACLE 
RUSH ROM MOUNTEDJACI101180% 
ECNIVINIOINIONATICti 'PIFER TO ELAWASINT UV) 
DOOMS MOTOR 1001 BRIM% OWGAMO WIES PER 
ADDITKNYL 
MEIIREREEE AVCCIMILTNIT MOSSO /CIES FCR 
SINFORIIATILM 
-CD 
MMSPfMEDJICIBNEOI 
FLUSH RCM WORMED TELECIANE RECEPTACLE 
WALL LOUNTEDME TM/1MT 
'ANA HOPITLD &MILO Man AILCOLACLE 
RUSH FLOOR INIRITEDOATA RE 
PT 
panasrmovnretto 
AAA NO.NTED MACAO RECEPTACLE 
ROI RCM WARM TM IDATA WA WA= 
O 
POAIRPNIEL 
'Ada ICATEDAMMEARECEADCLE 
MU IPCUATED 'LOCATED SUPta RECAPIACLE 
ASIA 'CANTED CIPO ACCEPT/AC 
MALLIONIEDIVICEL3LOCLOCACOULLET 
IITEACOM CAMERAS 1104TOR 
fLUSHILOCRIALIAITED ME) DAtA/00ASIRECIEPTACI2 
rosslICIAITEOMOKNERECEPTSCLE 
E 
IEELMOMEDIIE
WILLMDIMFDONOPEOW
-4 
OESCRIPTICX 
ELECTPCAL REOLIALMEMS 
171 
on
citswtaeol 
REUSE Mat* StakE 
"US( Mt WO 
31' PLIAIGERATOR 
REFROLITATOR 
TOLOICIE 
GAPER RIMED. REAM WEE DEETS 
OATERSVIRED.REARSICWITS 
CrATERIUMED.REREREPECSKETS
ONIIERSUPCIADMAILIFICSKETS 
MIER ILIPPLIED. REREREPECSKETS 
eAlOttkiftlID.FeCREPECSISTS 
OAIEROUPPLIED. REFER WU SEEM 
CSIERStiftlED.RIFIRWECSALETS 
CMIEROUPPLED.RERERIPECELEETS 
CffiliERSSIIIED. AMR tfleSHELTS 
OAIERIAIRIED.REFERIPECSEETS 
CfAIMSUPFILD. PIIMIMIC SKITS 
on0 
on
O 0 
la WED 
COMBO COMECIKNOWIVIACRO 
CORE WARR 
RAT SCAM IV 
MUM= 
NSPONIATORIGMBANDISPOVL 
PALM= SUFFICIENT DallADECTRICUCOLOATLYSE FOR kL LCCATION DEMO 
OMOVETLE PONCA 4 OATARRIPTACtES VALL ATTACH TO SASE OF AANOLC1TE 
COCALAMEACCORMIGLY. 
(2 
MA RECEPTACLE ONE =OMR KOMI ARE MILL 'SAW ONO RECEPAICWW 
10 BE 24STALLEDATUF AMASS 01102MSENOTESI 
PROADE DAD RECEPTACLE OAL-CRY SELONALONE LOA 
MADE RUES= ADA POWER ISREOUREDMLOLAMMERS 
AV LOtAtven LOCMEDAT WE OF 14.0UME (AFE NUL% 
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
1,  PEWS. V.3 11,1:110..,0 
ICENCLAN 
AROIAtel CA ROCOCO 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC OESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
H PERMIT DOCUMENT 
Li SID DOCUMENT 
• 
CONSTRUCTION 00CUMENT 
Ti PROGRESS/ REVIEW DOCUMENT 
U PRESENTATION 
10.2210 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
ELECTRICAL PLAN 
GRAWM111LE 
SOME: 
AS NOTED 
V.•••••1•104,01ANCarboaremelt1A(11•10e)e,,P 
Ca
retfit 
in 
NAIL IANNTM ISOLATED 011ie FECEVIACIE 
WILL NUM tEl DATAALCOWA01 
WALL MONIEDPUBMWIT011 
WAIL WONTED DEDICATES) OM RECEPTACLE 
ANL MINIM DATA RACEPTACLE 
RUSH FLOW KIIITEDCRIREARECEPTACLE 
num ROCK MOUNTED LOAD RECEPTACLE 
RAN PLOORMOUNII.DSCIAND DIAVAMIXFIAMS 
SAE ET NO 
DATE 
10.2Z 2010 
DRAMA?. 
P 
CHECKOFF, 
HZ 
EFTA00727671
--- PAGE 5 ---
ti
no 
Li. Ed 
OECORATIIE 
MOJA! 
LOC 
ED 
DDDD 
TO 
ITE 
DECORATE'S 
WETS 
ryryryryM
MONO 
]l 
TO011 PERVALMOL 
LEO:PATH 
KAOMIT LOWS 
C) 
PEA
lcaA
oten
imainTh
urans
ms.,„ ._-
/ 
404 41 
.34' 
a/ 
\ 
) 
I 
I 
•--. 
TOCEATER 
N. 
GLOM 
ELORA 
Ea 4— Ea , 
I 
TOCEMIR 
LECCRATAE 
MOW OWE 
A 
, 
. 
10.ILL FERNETER 
I 
OECCOATRE 
ODOM UGIO3 
/ 
=MAIM 
I 
ONO LOOTS 
TOMUNIDER
CESEEUGHTING 
I 
ILL 
TOM MOMS 
I 
C 
A 
TOONE 
MOP/ 
ST 
i 
WEENIER 
DECORATE& 
Pooma tom 
'... 
TO/LL PEAMETER 
OEOCOATRE 
IllaNdrUCAOS 
r 
_ 
. 
. 
. 
______ 
. 
A 
M 
J__' .. 
i 
..,. ...... _.-  
•.. -It. • • - - ' --------- 
. ,fi—ED 
A 
TOMMILIETEE 
=cram 
r
_ 
• '.. 
..... 
WM 'iT
L 
TONJ.LN)LR \ 
h— i 
_ 
_ 
/ 
/ 
-alai 
LIGHTING PLAN 
A: y4R 
MILL 
aflame mina 
S, 
•Xl‘r 4_ •If• —4,
AC Mr DOOR CMG 
co°
SCALE 
LIGHTING PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
ro
V./ 
RECESSE0 00041131Er 
RECESSW COUNONXI WASH 
OUTDOOR CECORATNE SCONCE 
COE NWELICIff 
SleirACENOUVIDLOO woe 
CMANOLLER LCA RXTURE 
Wit 1000M10 COLEMAN' SAI104 
mu. WCUCLDSKGLE MC WAY 9.1104 
Ma AWOL 0 faRMAY DlnitASVATOI 
MEW SUCKLVASCIMPONCE LET ECTOR 
ALDO SPEMER 'REF Q AV NO FOR Amami,. NM) 
• 
ZEUAGFEJ:Tht 
COLIC MOUNTED PROACTER. REFER TOAV cznantons 
Mane SPEOFICATIO6M0 MEW 
STARTEIGPOW OF L..Y• TIE CEUNOCAO OR SFEOA. Fal9i 
COMO WOVOLD OHL SOW 
SeCA 
wan &Curt° OME SOLD EM SW 
2,2 RETURN CELLE 
1X2ELFAA [OREM 
7A4 FLUDEESCEMUGH1110 FIXTURE 
2)2 I Ut ZSCCMI tcro ExitnE 
atm Acucto FRE SPR PALER 
DECORATIVE FIXTURE SCHEDULE 
LIGHTING PLAN SHEET NOTES 
4ZY 
OESCI0PTOI 
IMOCHEILBS 
LOCATE 
%OEM Al WARY N)JACDIT TOPA/MY DOOR 
LE011 LECZIPATTE PEACOAT Wirt FEMME 
OF099)CE8.03 MOM. ALL MATS TO BECENTEREO ILTILEDLOrS 
a 
0.T4000XIWIREOUFDOORSCCOCE 
C 
tvaiat.mcm. 
) 
LOCATES uxE OF DECORAIWE CEO.) YOLC0a 
O.T441.1110EFICASIET PUCK VW 
tOCAIESOLOORAME PEMIErt U34T FURORES. TYPE& 
S 
LOCATESUNDEACANMET tIONTOOX NAGY 
tOCAIESAC UNIT tEF ER ELEVATCli FCR KOUT LOCATION! 
I 
WCATES MEET ISLAND EF.LOWAREFOR ELEVATION KR SINK DISPOSAL 
SWITCH LOCATIO/0 
I 
'CIGARS Eight OGIAJET 
oB 
DIMMER/SWITCH ZONING 
ZONE 1: (2) PENDANT LIGHT FIXTURE ABOVE BANQUETTES 
ZONE 2: (3) PENDANT LIGHT FIXTURE ABOVE ISLM) CENTER OR ROOM 
ZONE 3: (8) PENDANT LIGHT FIXTURE ALONG PERIMETER 
ZONE 4: AU. UNDER CABINET LIGHTING 
ZONE 5: (2) CEILING FANS 
REVISION 2: 10. 22. 2010 
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
TH:WL, 
, I.:4111iLWO 
LROinel CI- RECCE', 
PRASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
H PEWIT DOCUMENT 
LJ SID DOCUMENT 
• CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
PROGRESS/ REVIEW DOCUMENT 
O PRESENTATION 
I 
10.2210 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
LIGHTING PLAN 
3amtil TITLE 
SCALE: 
AS NOTED 
•n• 
d3/4 3/4 4IIIMM3 
Vtla ,,teoatlirepSCapieaVINCIPtattPeel1011or,•• 
04.0.00,0•40,0•IPIE 
%MILT 
vete 
$NEETMO 
CATE 
1022.2010 
DRAVA, Err. 
P 
CMCKEOLIT: 
LEL 
EFTA00727672
--- PAGE 6 ---
:T. 
hti 
III 
III 
III 
I II
I 
MUTAT 
BASE 
Loa. 
ET/ 
N >._ 
CO 
Erd 
J
.(
tgk
,]_
A
rx 
T
MUM 
SCUMMIER 
CROWN 
OEN
M 
MEN 
Oil 
FLOOR 
MUNK 
EFTI 
OCUMMITOP 
FLUME 
NYRE 
[STARTS) PCINT1 
FLOOR NE 
CENTER OF MEND 
:SLOGAN° AT 
FULL TLC 
ENT .081 
lUtl KNIT 
Nam 
51W 
FUL TLC 
CO 
E0 
CO 
170 
FINISHES PLAN 
:0111. 
TX 
I
I 
101. 
RAL STONE 
SCALE: Ift.E47 
S 
REVISION 2: 10. 22. 2010 
FINISHES PLAN SYMBOLS LEGEND 
FLOOR FRESH 
FLOOR 11TONSITION SYMBOL 
TX 
TRANSITION OCTAL NUMBER 
NOTE FOR TRAMMON OETAILS REFER TRNMIDON OCTAL. &DIM 
WAIL 
rn
CIOLINI1 COOR/TRIF 
X 
I N I 
FLOOR MEOW 
rn
X 
MON AREA P1CM TAOS 
TYPICAL APPLES TO ALL 
AREAS N ROOM 
FINISHES SCHEDULE 
FLOOR ANINES 
PALL ANISES 
ROA NM STOVE TILE 
IT
 PAN 
VANUFACTURBSCAESERSTOTE 
MMLL 
SIONIFACTUREIL MOWN WM 
HT R
CCIANSINE: RAE NOTE MOUSIER 
MPTO1 
COLCRISTYLE SUTER ORE 
PROM: NI IN 
MOOMY: RAY 
FINISHES PLAN SHEET 
',TES 
nai 
IWELIFACTURER: SENNUIPNCORE 
PEN I ONATISTYLE SUPERNIN 
MONTT: FLAT 
RASE 
Fifa 
545E MINES 
REIN PANT 
MANUFACTURER: EETNUTNICto, 
MANUFACTURER. INTLITM N :COPE 
COLOR:TITTLE SUPER NNE 
P1.02  CaO STILE SURERNNW 
PROMT: %WOES 
PROMET: FRAMES 
COTO: METES 
REIN PANT 
MANUFACTURER: ROWAN ILL, 
COLORSTYLE SUTER YAM 
FACCECT:5011MOSS 
MECEUATENISTINNES 
UTE* WHETS EXTEROR 
Firn MANUFACTURER: MILLMORXES 
401 
COLORSTTLE MATCH CONTROL WARE 
PRCOUCT::44 
Mt STORE COPITERICPS MOMMLNI 
S-ONE  miumcnitEn: GEMSTONE 
5141 
COUR:STYLE EGONallPO.OHEO 
MONT: NM 
Ct) ROTUND 
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
ilik:WF J 
CHO 
AROIREC1 CA RECCES 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC OESIGN 
' 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
H 
PERMIT DOCUMENT 
LJ SID DOCUMENT 
• 
CONSTRUCTION 00CUMENT 
Ti PROGRESS/ REVIEW DOCUMENT 
U 
PRESENTATION 
10.2210 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
FINISHES PLAN 
ORAYRCTIII£ 
SCALE 
AS NOTED 
• AI Pan. NA..m° 
T. on: eoNANTAATANru ANTAANNT moRATANN 
OlwasOlOgatens 
0.1WIS 
•••••MOalynete 
Av 
SWEET NO 
CAW 
10.22.2010 
MOM, 
P 
CHECKOFF, 
AC 
EFTA00727673
--- PAGE 7 ---
24?
(4?
4Y 
94.14* 
• 
24? 
REVISION 2: 10. 22. 2010 
FURNITURE PLAN 
SCALE 17=1•.0 
FURNITURE! ACCESSORIES! HARDWARE LEGEND 
FURNITURE PLAN SHEET NOTES 
KV/ 
DEOCRIKTO4 
REINGS 
NO 
re 
2NapED 
— 
fr Er — 
— 
— 
MOWN SACKING FOR NA WALL 1/01.011ED TELLNIS4a4 MICR ART. 
: 
SCOW SACKS* FOR al. WALL 140.44TED CAB/CTRY AS REOORL0. 
WE ALL ma cct811ILICICG 9 'wainCW.0:X RUED SOW 81111 CONCALII 
NO I/2401PG CIWKLTE STUCCO 
I 
TAMS 
GIPPLIEDIWOMER 
— 
I ILVIOJETIE 
9SCUEDSYMILIVORKER 
II 
STOLL 
SUPPUEDSVOMER 
SNAIL GYM FLU 
921,42178YONMER 
LARGE (WV PIM 
SLINIADSTOMIA 
211 
I 
154 
G 
132 
I4 
SO 
SI 
IS 
S3 
SI 
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
, ti
ti CHO 
ARCHOLL1 OF RECCSO 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC OESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELOVENT 
H PEWIT DOCUMENT 
J 
SID DOCUMENT 
• 
CONSTRUCTION 00CUMENT 
Ti PROGRESS) REVIEW DOCUMENT 
U PRESENTATION 
10.2210 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
ENLARGED 
KITCHEN 
FURNITURE PLAN 
01111*/1/3 1111E 
SCALE: 
AS NOTED 
pkes...C. 
w..
-rnieirs.a4vel•rtM1COCe.‘,. 
.a•cr ant r 
mem CO•11.01.• 
Aa 
94EE 
DATE 
10.22.2010 
DRAYRIEM 
P 
CHECKE 3 ST: 
LQ 
EFTA00727674
--- PAGE 8 ---
.,..1ri•rmnovorm 
ifr 
-
---
AR --
t; 
O
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING NORTH 
SCALE vrmi.0* 
O
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING SOUTH 
SCALE , 
NE W 
liellED WY. 
C)
 TYPICAL CROWN MOLDING DETAIL 
SCALE: 3'010' 
PONT MADE IVSO 
®
TYPICAL BASE MOLDING DETAIL 
SCALE: 3, 1, 0* 
- 
INNH) 
- 
WOOD OMR
GREW 
20.111E 
IIILOSET 
O
TYPICAL DOOR THRESHOLD DETAIL 
SCALE:7HW 
.". 
IOUTSCEI 
WOCO $00NTR
NEWOCCAL WOE 
MI:MOW 
DOSTINO SIVE 
BIAUCSE 11UNSITEIN 
REVISION 2: 10. 22. 2010 
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. EA RED HOOK QUARTER 
v5 W.. ORO 
NomuccaccoNO 
PHASE: 
▪ SCHEMATIC OESIGN 
• I DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
PERMIT DOCUMENT 
Li SID DOCUMENT 
• 
CONSTRUCTION OOCIAIENT 
(1 PROGRESS/ REVIEW DOCUMENT 
U PRESENTATION 
101210 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
KITCHEN 
INTERIOR 
ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
ORAWIM TILE 
SCAM 
AS NOTED 
Sxr E 
CATE 
10.22.2010 
0.048, 
J. 
C.IECKE 0 Or 
fa 
EFTA00727675
--- PAGE 9 ---
A— 
CO 
- 
EC, 
- 
INT 
c5
—r 
—t— 
(9* 
I 
r
i 
VOWS 
EXIMST 
0' 0 
O 
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING WEST 
IVO Ow 
NOTE 
NOCKUPPEKCNITINMFNTURESFCR
NEOII AppRO0). PRok TO NSTALLATECN 
74• 
O
Z4 
74,
ONE/41/170 
GNTFN 
nni
ie 
•11 
r 
PROM* RECESSED 
I 
CLOCK OUTLET 
FOR FUTURE 
IW.iR.£ L)MT 
------
L PROODE BLOOM 
FOR WORMT 
SCPLE:I/r•ILEr 
V 
pRodoEFEcES7..0 
CLOCK OUTLET 
TOR FUTURE 
orTtliE LONT
PIOVIOEBL0200 
EON 1V ORW 
U 
iN
OQ 
V. 
nr 
So 
V 
02ORDNATE TELEOATA 
AremauEnt ems 
KITCHEN: INTERIOR ELEVATION - LOOKING EAST 
• 
• 
• 
• 
AU 
NOTE 
tH
60CIRIP PENDANT DINT MIMS FOR 
NMI /MOM PRIOR TO INSTNallOtt 
• -I  - 
II
SCALE: IftNINT 
AL Oita Emig NTH 
OCOI a DJSTINGweeN/S 
NEWHI030, 
STONE YANCOAILL 
ccoRmATE 
PCI‘EINK,TA 
AT Et.. 
DETAIL: BANQUETTENVINDOW SECTION 
SCALE: IWOLO• 
REVISION 2: 10. 22. 2010 
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
1.• ,..••.c V.3 airi an0 
AROVItel p RECCiI) 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
• I DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
H PEWIT DOCUMENT 
SID DOCUMENT 
• 
CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
Ti PROGRESS / REVIEW DOCUMENT 
U PRESENTATION 
10.2210 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
KITCHEN 
INTERIOR 
ELEVATIONS & DETAILS 
ORM/NGInt 
SCALE: 
AS NOTED 
A`.• ••.x. mo ery. 
ve mac 4,•••••••44.e•intravrAcon•* matte...Ms M 
cota....en•••••,••• 
Wens 
AS 
SHEET nO 
DATE 
10.22.2010 
DRAYMWI 
P 
GECKOS", 
HZ 
EFTA00727676
--- PAGE 10 ---
170 
EXTERIOR LACQUER FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL SAMPLE 
OOZE DNVE 
-- 
WI DONT .,AH
_--_summa
 sem 
OGHWASHER 
TRASH 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND PLAN 
SCALE 1".2-0" 
rCLC,
SMITH FOP 
SW DISPOSAL 
PIT HMO 
— wrrarTspar 
NERAASER 
COMARER 
--
L 
70.441 
t 
AS 
SN 
STONE 
COMER 
TOP 
— STONE COUNTER TIP 
STAINLESS STEEL RAU 
CDs 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND ELEVATION 
SCALE I'82-$7 
evrr aNr sus + 
-- 
EAST FL'S',  'en, 
/ 
DUREX REC(PTA01 
PACT 
/ 
DWIEXRECCMAZLI 
DREW, LACOUER 
Mei TOIMTPT 
PPPROWDCONTROL SWRE 
- 
STONE COUNTER 
TOP 
Yyl 
I 
SIADRESS SIED. 
PULLS 
COCEOttATE PENANG 
SURE tOP HRH 
%MIRE 
MITRED CRAWS 
PROVER RELNAKE 
caner. PCIAISTAIM SHELVES 
DAME! METERS: 
COLOR LIME 
PROVIDE REARDOUTY 
CONCEALED ELROPFAX 
HINGES. TYPICAL 
1,m; 
FRCMDE IlEASINE 
CARINET.ADJUSIABLE FARMS 
& DRAM INTERKRR 
CCUR: WIRE 
IOWA 1VP 
nl 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND SECTION 
SCALE: 112.1'4 
• 
DISHWASHER 
wet REFER FOLIFINNT 
CUTSRETI SPECFEARONS 
FORNL FROURED 
CLEAROICE AADIINTLA11001 
AS PER IMAUFACTURERS 
nrsraUCTICtrS) 
DETAIL: SECTION 
SCALE: 1 112•242 
EXTERIOR LACQUERED FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL SAMPLE 
PRONCE SELF CLOUD ELOPES 
PROVER mowiroury 
LDICERCINT SOFT CLOSE 
WASTE WORMS 
TRASH 
TRASH 
rett 
LEVELER. NR 
PR-AIEE SELF ClOS115 GI_ TES 
PRP/IDE PEAVY-DUTT 
- 
COWERED ELROFEW 
ir KEE. TYPICAL 
IMP 
LEvaift ,YP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND SECTION 
SCALE: 11/2*•24' 
PALA FECEPTArAE 
'SASE CPFMTE sce) 
SFOXE DOR SATIN 
MITRED CaURFS 
DETAIL: SECTION 
SCALE: litter& 
REVISION 2: 10. 22. 2010 
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
,.MV ..V W.:a ORO 
IINCLIA1 
AROi0t0 cr- RE0CcO 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC OESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELCPMENT 
H PEWIT DOCUMENT 
J 
SID DOCUMENT 
• 
CONSTRUCTION 00CLAIENT 
PROGRESS I REVIEW DOCUMENT 
PRESENTATION 
10.2210 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
ISLAND 
SCALE: 
AS NOTED 
•A.• win1..yn
VG rya atii.V.P.CUOlare• WINCIPOW)et<OCVa 
0~0 
S 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND ELEVATION 
SCALE 
DETAIL: KITCHEN ISLAND ELEVATION 
SCALE: 1%2-0* 
SWEEI NO 
DATE 
10.22.2010 
DRAYmErr. 
P 
CHECKOFF': 
HZ 
EFTA00727677
--- PAGE 11 ---
PeaTE3 KnograToR 
.-
ENCLOSISIE SOE 
PANEL EEVOta 
ratOILINTERMP 
STONE WOW al 
I.
CC 
ADJUSTABLE SELVES 
44,
LEre-ER TIP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: 1 1/2aF4' 
EXTERIOR LACQUERED FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL. SAMPLE 
STONE MOW/ S4 
STONE BACK SPLASH 
2.Cr COPT ERIC. 
- 
ICE MACHINE 
IPOTE: RIPER 10 ECIUNDIT 
OJT SHEEMIECIFCATION 
PER ClEWOICE AAO‘041LATCO 
BEGUN") BY UNIUFACTURERS 
iliSTRUCTCNSI 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: 1/2%11-0' 
STONE MON $ILL 
STOtE SAO( MAST  
STCK TOP vAIORED COINER 
FOCOUNITITOF 
I
a 
a 
L.
PROW* SELF GLOOM Oa% ITV 
PRONCeitinitediret 
ADJUSTABLE MOM I 
COMM MO= =RAHN 
Ed 
LEVE.ER 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: Ift.T-OF 
STNMESS STEEL 
wADAME wHOIL 
STOKE MOW 54 
STOKE BOSS SPLASH  
STONE TOP MITRED CMIIER 
74*CONIFATOF 
PFICrillE SELF C L0414 GLEES. TIP 
PROVICE HEAVYOUTI 
COCLUEDELMCPENt 
Meat MCA 
1.11.
— LEH:MINNA 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: 112.rte 
REVISION 2: 10. 22. 2010 
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
71,11o,4 V.3 11,1:11 ONO 
MOURN W RECCED 
PHASE: 
H SCHEMATIC OESIGN 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
H PERMIT DOCUMENT 
BID DOCUMENT 
• 
CONSTRUCTION OOCUMENT 
PROGRESS/ REVIEW DOCUMENT 
PRESENTATION 
I 
10.7210 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
CABINETS 
ORAWNG1111£ 
SCAM 
AS NOTED 
0.41.00.. 
A 1 0 
S•Ikk I NO 
DATE 
10.2Z 2010 
ORAVROY4. 
P 
CHECKOFF, 
fa 
EFTA00727678
--- PAGE 12 ---
=Rae UT ?EAV, DJTv 
CONCEALED EJRCPEAN 
HrIGES PPG/ 
PROVIDE I/DimrE C.41NET. 
ADJUSTABLE SELVES .1 
DiAWEITIINTERCR COLOR. MITE 
COMBO DOUBLE 
CONVECTION 
OVEN / MICROWAVE 
QOt REM TOM/VW 
O.rt SHEEMINCFIcAnom 
FOR n faun
vEXPLAPCN 
RECLIREDBY warAcILNERs 
INSTRuniad) 
Rom* REIF cLosNo GLIDE* TTP 
PRIME liELMME CASKET. 
lAVSTASLE *SASS 
OPMER *AMOR: CO.OR WHITE 
LEVELER. TYP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE 11&•1'O' 
fi
at. 
ADJETAILE 
THELvES. 
TYPICAL 
srazi.En STEEL 
- 
NARDOMIIE.T4FICAL 
EXTERIOR LACQUERED FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL SAMPLE 
1a• 
PROM /Mare Cann 
"AtuusTABLE mann& 
CRAMP WEAK* COLOR. MN 
r.t CAR 
NEIN 
LRCM MIMI PuCKLCH1 
ref SAO( EPL494 
rya TOP Ye W TR 
CORNER 
7.TcouNIERToP 
pRONTE myczostccicEs 
PACMCE lEAVYAITY 
Cala/LEO EUROPE/0i 
Htitlit WPM. 
ACAJSTAYE StiEwE 
TV, 
ILO 
LEvEUERTYP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: I 1/2‘t-r 
ADJUSIIBIE 
SHELL. 
TTPCAL 
TrATLEss STEEL 
- 
wary/oaf TYPICAL 
PROW PELAHTEMTKET 
muusweLE ssims 
COMER NYER**C04.01 MN 
pr CAA 
NsoE 
unCERMIRET PuCK uCartr4G 
mom Eva %Tusk 
STUSE TOP W' UITBW CORNER 
to' coLNTERNI. 
(6) 
Tr 
Y 
ppm= sap OSSM math 
PRoony vaunt masEr. 
NNIAINHE 9ELAS 
I:J*4*ER 'mine cox* **RE 
LEVELER TIP 
r1 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: 11141.1'0 
Ts 
*4MA( :YELTES. 
rip 
MADE laismke CABINET. 
ADARSIMIESnlivES6 
Nina* //mot co.at *urrE 
- 
PROM HEAVTOuTT 
CONCEALED EUROPEAN 
&IMES. TYPICAL 
ADATTIMPINQ‘ET. 
Tit 
- 
_A_ 
— 
- 
TSUI*. RP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE. I I)TeT47 
REVISION 2: 10. 22. 2010 
FA 
MARK ZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. GA RED HOOK QUARTER 
71,1W4 ,311,1:11 ONO 
AROOLC1 CT RECCCO 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC OESIGN 
' 1 DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
H 
PERMIT DOCUMENT 
LA SID DOCUMENT 
• 
CONSTRUCTION 00CUMENT 
Ti PROGRESS/ REVIEW DOCUMENT 
O PRESENTATION 
I 
10.7210 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
CABINETS 
cyan.* TIRE 
SCALE: 
AS NOTED 
w.ro..v.o+. 
Cenlyrif 
All
SHELL NO 
DATE 
10.22.2010 
°TIMMY Err. 
P 
DECKED Err: 
FAL 
EFTA00727679
--- PAGE 13 ---
t 
ADJUSTIELE 
AtELVES 
TYPICAL 
STAZI.ESS STIR 
IVRONAPE. TITITCA. 
;ROYCE WILTAME CARPET. 
ADJUSTABLE SPELVESE 
LAMER INTEMOR MAAR VAT 
I'S Olt 
WEE 
UNTER CARPET PECK LOME 
STOW BACA MASH 
SICK TOP CV II RED CORNS
(o
r 
CO COWITERTEIV 
s•-•--11
PRETAX SELF CLOUT] °TOES, TYP ll 
• 
cut 
TRASH 
TRACY 
PROVDE HEAW.WTY 
IRCERPACCHT 5011 CLOSE 
WASTE ON GRECS 
F]
LEVELER. TIP 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE: 1781'0 
REV:VOLE LACOJEREO 
EERY/ARE lACOUERED PAVEL 
*iz 
REFIGERATOR 
L EXTERIOR LACQUERED FINISH TO MATCH APPROVED CONTROL SAMPLE 
Tilt 
ROTE. REFER TO FOREWENT 
COT EKETTAPECIREAPON 
KR CLEAR/ICE NO VIIMIATERI 
RERUNS BY ILARUFACTITRERS 
INSTRIALIC•41 
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE 11/288P-0-
SELENA& E LAGOVEREO ^ 
• 2' 
FRTFE 
PUGN MTh 
KvOrAsa uo:0018[0888a. 
OPEN 
FOR 
REFIGERATOR 
INOTE. REFER TO MENEM 
CUT ETEECEPEORCATOR 
FOR ClEARNICE AbOVENIUTACti 
REQUITED BY ITAITUFACTEREES 
INSIRLIVICHR 
I.
DETAIL: KITCHEN MILLWORK 
SCALE:11781'0 
g 
meow 08C 
REVISION 2: 10. 22. 2010 
FA 
MARKZEFF 
PROJECT 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
s. Hawn Us Wawa.° 
7ffluoi: 
AitOiliSC8 a RECCRI: 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
E 
PERMIT DOCUMENT 
O BID DOCUMENT 
■ 
CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
I- 7 PROGRESS / REVIEW DCCUMF_NT 
O PRESENTATION 
I 
10.22.10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
KITCHEN 
CABINETS 
CANTY NG TITLE. 
SOLE 
AS NOTED 
ATT testa ea ../•••••carnerxweaTersn... 
ATLTRATT•v• Asia maw Re Tu.. 
A 1 2 
SICE1 NO 
DATE 
10.22.2010 
IERNMI Fft 
JP. 
aECIEDSY 
YE
EFTA00727680
--- PAGE 14 ---
FA 
5'4"ttEertn 0 BACKREST 
'4? 
IYJVT fOSHEDEALL TO FEISNE0 WMAI 
ITTY2' EEC TON I DOCKET-ST E TEN.) 
T 
3.5' 
— 
SEAM 
— . • - • — NAN 
— ... - .. — WM 
a 
I 
C 
WOE ACCESS Eta 
• 
FOOT ECU KENT 
DE 
AN 
• 
HIEMACCESS PAIL 
EEO ECEFIENT 
IV 
14* 
Aft‘_ 
\coy 
WEED ACCESS FOE 
FOR AV EGMONT 
rl 
r 
f ir 
ir igt 
1W
E1E 
E 
DEEMED 
nik•Ctennif 
tteltehrei 
DETAIL: BANQUETTE 
SCALE: V=1'.0* 
SELF VELT 
MAWS - eF 
DETAIL: BANQUETTE OPTIONS 
SF, I h*Li 
- 
WAVE OP 
- 
5F4,C; TV? 
S(F FELT 
rvi(Ir 
SELF VELT 
SENA TM 
SCALE: 
REVISION 2: 10. 22. 2010 
MARKZEFF 
PROJEC1 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
s maw, us Mt. O.0 
KEEVOI: 
MODEM* RECCE]: 
PHASE: 
SCHEMATIC DESIGN 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
E PERMIT DOCUMENT 
O BID DOCUMENT 
■ CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
PROGRESS MIEVIEVIDXUNF_NT 
O PRESENTATION 
10.22.10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
BANQUETTE 
LOVING DTLE: 
SOLE 
AS NOTED 
••tednancia..eocaotervmetcoran... 
COca.44"ae.o•rwosassmutsrmyeu.. 
A 1 3 
SICEI NO 
DATE 
10.22.2010 
MEM ft 
JP. 
OECKEDST 
Mz 
EFTA00727681
--- PAGE 15 ---
FA 
MARKZEFF 
PROJECT 
LITTLE SAINT 
JAMES 
No. 6A RED HOOK QUARTER 
s. 
kis VOONOLMO 
SELF PELT 
UNE CF RUSKS WM/ 
sac M.T 
DETAIL: BANQUETTE SECTION 
WALE' 7.1, 0* 
SELF Val 
HU MIT 
I KED CUSS PANEL AT FREW 
FOR AV E0OPENT 
DETAIL: BANQUETTE SECTION 
SCALE:T.1'O 
REVISION 2: 10. 22. 2010 
ED
AROIRECTO•RECCRt 
PHASE: 
SCNEIAATIC DESIGN 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 
E PERMIT DOCUMENT 
O BID DOCUMENT 
■ CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENT 
I-) PROGRESS /REVIEW OCCUNF_NT 
PRESENTATION 
I 
10.22.10 ISSUE FOR CONSTRUCTION 
MILLWORK DETAILS: 
BANQUETTE 
CRAVING TYRE: 
SOLE 
AS NOTED 
itni•••.in 
...0..1•12117•W 
IIIMI410{0110.CMONIITIMMOLC00041,V,,11,11. 2 
COCS.446nyik(a0POVOM•mal• Meala•Per40.7•11Svtin• 
AO- 
sepittd(90.•reOPANyillopenigr• 
A 1 4 
SKET W. 
DATE 
11.22.2010 
DRNMI Et. 
JP. 
O4ECKEDIrt 
YE 
EFTA00727682

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727683.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONSUMER JUSTICE ATTORNEYS 
November 13, 2009 
Via Fax and Mail 
Critton, Esq. 
Michael Pike, Esq. 
Burman Critton, et. al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: ev. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
OUR FILE NO.: 080303 
Dear Mr. Critten and Mr. Pike: 
Pursuant to your agreement to provide either 
address or Mr. Story, for deposition 
on or before November 10, 2009, please prolline wit either by Monday, November 16, 2009, 
or I will have no alternative but to schedule Mr. Story's deposition at my convenience. 
COM
S
R T. KUV1N 
STK:mlb 
) (i)
2926 PGA Boulevard - Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardena 
• Florida 33410 
561.515.1400 : tax 661.515.1401 
leceoldouvin.com 
CRASHWORTHINESS • MANAGED CARE ABUSE • CONSUMER CLASS ACTIONS • PERSONAL INJURY • WRONGFUL DEATH 
?e/ 
EFTA00727683

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727684.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
CASE NO.: 
2008 CA 028051 XXXXIVIB AD 
• , 
Plaintiff; 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE OF SERVICE OF 
PLAINTIFF'S UNVERIFIED BETTER ANSWERS TO 
DEFENDANT'S INTERROGATORIES 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the Plaintiff, M., by and through her undersigned 
counsel, has served her Unverified Better Answers to Defendant's Interrogatories, numbered 1 to 
26, inclusive, propounded to said Plaintiff on or about December 10, 2008. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the above and foregoing has been 
provided by all counsel on the attached Service List via email transmission and U.S. Mail, this 
day of August, 2009. 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Tel: (954) 522-3456 
Fax: (954) 527-8663 
Email: 
By: 
EDWARDS, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00727684
--- PAGE 2 ---
DEFENDANT'S UNVERIFIED BETTER ANSWERS TO 
FIRST INTERROGATORIES TO PLAINTIFF 
1. 
What is the name and address of all persons answering or assisting in answering 
these interrogatories, and, if applicable, the person's official position or relationship 
with the party to whom the interrogatories are directed? 
■., with the assistance of my attorney, 
Edwards, Esquire. 
Plaintiff objects to Defendant, Jeffre Epstein, having her address, as Mr. Epstein 
is a registered sex offender and 
. was a victim of his, and disclosure of her 
address could compromise her safety and privacy. 
2. 
List the names, business addresses, telephone and cell phone numbers, dates of 
employment, immediate supervisor (name and address) and rates of pay regarding 
all employers, including self-employment, for whom you have worked in the past 10 
years; this includes listing all sources of income you have received. Answer this 
question by year, i.e. 1998 - 2008. 
EFTA00727685
--- PAGE 3 ---
3. 
List all former names and when you were known by those names. State all 
addresses where you have lived for the past 10 years, the dates you lived at each 
address, your social security number, your date of birth, and if you are or have ever 
been married, the name of your spouse or spouses. List any children by name, date 
of birth and the father's name and address. List the names and address of your 
parents and any brother or sister. 
Plaintiff objects to Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, having her current address, as Mr. Epstein 
is a registered sex offender and 
was a victim of his, and disclosure of her address 
could compromise her safety and pnvacy. 
Past addresses and approximate year living at each: 
EFTA00727686
--- PAGE 4 ---
4. 
Have you ever been convicted of a crime, other than any juvenile adjudication, 
which under the law under which you were convicted was punishable by death or 
imprisonment in excess of 1 year, or that involved dishonesty or a false statement 
regardless of the punishment? If so, state as to each conviction, the specific crime 
and the date and the place of conviction. 
No. 
5. 
List the names and addresses of all persons who are believed or known by you, your 
agents or attorneys to have any knowledge concerning any of the issues in this 
lawsuit; and specify the subject matter about which the witness has knowledge. 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Wexner 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Mark Epstein 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Donald Trump 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Jennie Saunders 
Arranges for underage girls to go to and 
from Jeff's island 
David Copperfield 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
EFTA00727687
--- PAGE 5 ---
Cunningham 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Harry Beller 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Tony Malotta 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Egor Zanovie 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Tagliana 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Natalie in NY 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Lawrence Krauss 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Mortimer Zuckerman 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Vadwon Cotrin 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Jeffrey Epstein's mother 
and father 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Lebet 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Janvz Banasialc 
Epstein's house manager during time 
our client's went to him 
Michael Reiter 
Knowledge of defendant's sexual desire 
for minor girls 
Det. Recarey 
Knowledge of defendant's sexual desire 
for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Bob and Todd Meister 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
EFTA00727688
--- PAGE 6 ---
sexual desire for minor girls 
Cecelia Stein 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Larry Visoski 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Ronald Baron 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Glenn 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Amy Fortimer 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Abigail Wexner 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Jeffrey Goldsmith 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Sandy Berger 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Ofc. Munyan 
Knowledge of defendant's sexual desire 
for minor girls 
Ofc. Minot 
Knowledge of defendant's sexual desire 
for minor girls 
Sgt. Sorge 
Knowledge of defendant's sexual desire 
for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Pilot David Rogers 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Alfredo Rodriquez 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Leon Black 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Jeff Fuller 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Ron Burkle 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Al] people that visited 
Defendant in jail 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls, and 
statements made by defendant 
All minor females with 
whom Defendant has 
engaged in sexual 
activities (including, but 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
EFTA00727689
--- PAGE 7 ---
not limited to, those 
provided in addendum to 
NPA, all Plaintiff's with 
sex abuse claims against 
Defendant, those listed in 
police reports and 
documents by Palm Beach 
Police) 
Juan Alessi 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Maria Alessi 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Jim Baca 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Janusz Banasiak 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Keith Blumberg 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Campos 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Jimmy Cayne 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Cecelia (last name 
unknown at this time) 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Maximilia Cordero 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Ellen Cunningham 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Dave (last name unknown 
at this time) 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Ryan Dionne 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Michael 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Eric Gany 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Hessey 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
EFTA00727690
--- PAGE 8 ---
(last name 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
unknown at this time) 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Gary King 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Bella Klein 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Adam Perry Lang 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Michael Liffman 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Mark Lumberg 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Lynn (last name unknown 
at this time) 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
David Mullen 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Gary Nikolitis 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
David Non-
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Bill Peadon 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Francis Peadon 
Knowledge of fmances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Jerome Pierre 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Governor Bill Richardson 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
EFTA00727691
--- PAGE 9 ---
Alfredo Rodriguez 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
David Rogers 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Howard Rubenstein 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Florena Rueda 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Joseph Rueda 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Santa Fe County Sheriff 
Solano 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Alan Stopeck 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Mark Tafoya 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Brent Tindall 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
Jojo (last name unknown 
at this time) 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
All girls identified in the 
attachment to the non- 
prosecution agreement 
that Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, has entered with 
the United States and all 
other similarly-situated 
girls, whose identities 
Plaintiff will attempt to 
determine (and with 
regard to whom 
Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, has invoked the 
Fifth Amendment rather 
than disclose their 
identities). 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
All other then-minor girls 
(those not listed in the 
attachment to the non-
prosecution agreement), 
whose identities Plaintiff 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
EFTA00727692
--- PAGE 10 ---
will attempt to determine, 
with whom Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, has 
engaged in sex 
FBI agents, whose names, 
addresses and telephone 
numbers are unknown at 
this time, that investigated 
the criminal case(s) and 
the allegations made 
against Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein. 
State Prosecutors, whose 
names, 
addresses 
and 
telephone 
numbers 
are 
unknown at this time, 
including but not limited 
to: 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
ASA Lanna 
Belohlavek 
State Attorney's Office 
15th Judicial Circuit 
ASA Weiss 
State Attorneys Office 
15th Judicial Circuit 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
United States' Prosecutors, 
whose names, addresses 
and telephone numbers are 
unknown at this time, 
including but not limited 
to: 
United States Attorney's 
Office 
500 South Australian 
Avenue 
West Palm Beach, Florida 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
EFTA00727693
--- PAGE 11 ---
33401 
All 
accountants, 
bookkeepers, - ." bankers, 
financial 
institutions, 
representatives, real estate 
advisors, 
financial 
planners, 
employees, 
governmental persons or 
entities, 
and 
unknown 
others that 
may have 
discoverable information 
related 
to 
Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein's net worth 
and finances. 
Any and all persons and/or 
entities identified through 
discovery 
having 
any 
knowledge of Defendant, 
Jeffrey 
Epstein's 
charitable, 
political 
or 
other donations made in 
the past. 
Any and all persons and/or 
entities identified through 
discovery that were sued 
in 
the 
past 
by 
the 
Defendant, 
Jeffrey 
Epstein, and/or by any 
company or entity that the 
Defendant, 
Jeffrey 
Epstein, 
owned 
and/or 
managed 
Reporters and other media 
persons, whose names, 
addresses and telephone 
numbers are unknown at 
this time. 
All 
other 
witnesses 
learned through discovery 
process 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
EFTA00727694
--- PAGE 12 ---
Jean Luc Brunel 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Wexner 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Mark Epstein 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Donald Trump 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Jennie Saunders 
Arranges for underage girls to go to and from 
Jeff's island 
David Copperfield 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Harry Beller 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Natalie in NY 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Lawrence Krauss 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Mortimer 
Zuckerman 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Marie and Juan 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
ism
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Vadwon Collin 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
& Evelyn 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Jeffrey Epstein's 
mother and father 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Lebet 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor gir]s 
EFTA00727695
--- PAGE 13 ---
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Janvz Banasiak 
Epstein's house manager during time our 
client's went to him 
Michael Reiter 
Knowledge of defendant's sexual desire for 
minor girls 
Det. Recarey 
Knowledge of defendant's sexual desire for 
minor girls 
Bums 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Bob and Todd 
Meister 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Cecelia Stein 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Larry Visoski 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Ronald Baron 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Glenn 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Amy Fortimer 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Abigail Wexner 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Jeffrey Goldsmith 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Sandy Berger 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Ofc. Munyan 
Knowledge of defendant's sexual desire for 
minor girls 
Ofc. Minot 
Knowledge of defendant's sexual desire for 
minor girls 
Sgt. Sorge 
Knowledge of defendant's sexual desire for 
minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Pilot David Rogers 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Alfredo Rodriquez 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Leon Black 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
desire for minor girls 
Jeff Fuller 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's sexual 
EFTA00727696
--- PAGE 14 ---
Desire for minor girls 
Ron Burkle 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls 
All people that visited defendant 
in jail 
Knowledge of finances and defendant's 
sexual desire for minor girls, and statements 
made by Defendant. 
6. Were you suffering from physical infirmity, disability, disease, sickness or 
psychiatric/psychological condition at the time of the incident(s) described in 
the complaint? If so, what was the nature of the infirmity, disability, or 
sickness? 
No. 
EFTA00727697
--- PAGE 15 ---
7. 
Did you consume any alcoholic beverages or take any drugs or medication within 12 
hours before the time of each incident(s) described in the complaint? If so, state the 
type and amount of alcoholic beverages, drugs or medication which were consumed 
and when and where you consumed them. 
The first time I went I was completely sober and was extremely nervous. 
Subsequent times I always took various pain killer type medications before going 
to Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's house. 
8. 
Describe each injury (physical, emotional, mental) for which you are claiming 
damages in this case, specifying the part of your body that was injured, the nature 
of the injury, and as to any injuries you contend are permanent, the effects on you 
that you claim are permanent. 
My injuries are primarily emotional/psychological and are the direct result of 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's actions. I was touched, battered, and fondled by 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, during the incidents described in the complaint. I 
observed the Defendant touch and fondle himself. I observed the Defendant 
ejaculate numerous times. 
I was made to touch the Defendant. I also observed sexual acts and had sexual 
acts perpetrated on me by Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein. At various times I was 
unclothed, as was the Defendant and others. 
At all times material, I was a child, under the age of 18 years. The Defendant also 
used me to bring him other minor girls and he controlled and brainwashed me into 
believing this lifestyle was healthy and normal for a girl my age. 
I was a victim of various criminal acts and sexual exploitation. I was induced and 
coerced by the Defendant into acts of prostitution. 
These injuries are further described in more detail in the factual allegations of the 
complaint. 
9. 
Please state each item of damage that you claim, and include in your answer: the 
count to which the item of damages relates; the factual basis for each item of 
damages; and an explanation of 
how you computed each item of damages, 
including any mathematical formula used. 
I incurred medical and psychological expenses in the past and will incur such 
expenses in the future. I have suffered a loss of earning capacity due to Jeffrey 
EFTA00727698
--- PAGE 16 ---
Epstein's influence because I was encouraged by him as a minor child to enter a 
life of prostitution for him 
I suffered a loss of the capacity to enjoy life as a result of being coerced and 
induced into committing acts of prostitution and as a result of being sexually 
exploited. I lost self-worth, confidence and self esteem due to his control and 
influence. 
I have suffered mental anguish, emotional distress, fear, humiliation and 
psychological trauma as a result of the acts described in the complaint. The effect 
of these injuries is permanent in nature. These damages are further described in 
the complaint. The factual basis for these damages is described in the answer to 
#8 above, and in the factual allegations in the complaint. 
10. 
Do you contend that you have lost any income, benefits, or earning capacity in the 
past or future as a result of the incident described in the complaint? If so, state the 
nature of the income, benefits, or earning capacity, and the amount and the method 
that you used in computing the amount. 
Lost earning capacity, in that Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, influenced me to 
dedicate my life to making money pleasing men sexually and away from the 
traditional life of a middle school and high school adolescent. Thus, I did not get 
the education I would have received had I never met Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, 
or fell under his spell, and as such I am now unable to get jobs in a traditional 
profession.. 
11. 
List the names and business addresses of each physician (including psychiatrist, 
psychologist, etc.) or medical provider (including chiropractors) who has treated or 
examined you, and each medical facility where you have received any treatment or 
examination for the injuries for which you seek damages in this case; and state as to 
each the date of treatment or examination and the injury or condition for which you 
were examined or treated. 
Office Palm Beach Doctors 
n West Palm Beach treated me for 
anxiety and depression, which are related to the abuse inflicted by Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
EFTA00727699
--- PAGE 17 ---
M.S. LMHC (Licensed Therapist) 
I FFI
l
ac
cumty Public Safety Department 
Victim Services Division 
205 North Dixie Highway 
Suite 5.1100 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
12. 
List the names and business addresses of all other physicians, medical facilities, 
rehab facilities (drug, alcohol or psychiatric) or other health care providers 
including psychiatrist, psychologist, mental health counselor and chiropractors by 
whom or at which you have been examined or treated in the past 10 years; and state 
as to each the dates of examination or treatment and the condition or injury for 
which you were examined or treated. 
Good Samaritan Hospital 
1309 North Flagler 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Me
II IIIIM
ach Doctors 
West Palm Beach, Florida 
Palm Beach Lakes Village Common 
Planned Parenthood, West Palm Beach 
Okeechobee walk-in clinic 
S. LMHC (Licensed Therapist) 
Palm Beach County Public Safety Department 
Victim Services Division 
205 North Dixie Highway 
Suite 5.1100 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
I am unsure as to the dates. 
EFTA00727700
--- PAGE 18 ---
13. 
State the name and address of every person known to you, your agents, or attorneys, 
who has knowledge about, or possession, custody or control of any model, plat, map, 
drawing, motion picture, video tape, or photograph pertaining to any fact or issue 
involved in this controversy; and described as to each, what item such person has, 
the name and address of the person who took or prepared it, and the date it was 
taken or prepared. 
At this time I am unable to say who has or might have these types of photographs; 
however, Plaintiff reserves the right to supplement this response should that 
information become available. 
14. 
Please state if you (or parents or guardians on your behalf) have ever been a party, 
either plaintiff or defendant, in a lawsuit other than the present matter and if so, 
state whether you were plaintiff or defendant, the nature of the action, and the date 
and court in which such suit was filed. 
I was involved in a custody proceeding with 
Sprague. 
15. 
List all dates you allege you were at Mr. Epstein's home in Florida, include date, 
time arrived and left, the name(s) of anyone who went with you to the home when 
you were there, the time spent with Mr. Epstein and the name(s) and address of any 
individuals who were present in the home with Mr. Epstein and you. 
I was a minor child at all times that I went to Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's house 
and have not been since approximately September 2005; to the best of my 
knowledge and recollection. I went for the first time in July 2002, and I went 
there with 
. Aside from Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, .. 
and 
were present in the home while I was with Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, in his 
bedroom, and other persons employed by Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, were there 
as well. After the first time in July 2002 through the last time in September 2005, 
I went to Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's house more than 100 times and Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, would have a much more accurate count ofaiyLvi its and more 
documentation of the times I was there because he and 
kept a 
schedule. 
Because Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, paid me to bring him other 
underage minor girls, I brought him more than 50 minor girls and I went to his 
house with them. I do not know all of their names, although Defendant, Jeffrey 
EFTA00727701
--- PAGE 19 ---
Epstein does. The names I recall can be found on Answer to Interrogatory 
Number 24. 
16. 
State in detail how you came to be at Mr. Epstein's home on each occasion, i.e. did 
someone bring you or ask you if you would or wanted to go; if so, state the name 
and address of that individual and what he/she told you and the purpose of your 
visit. 
I went the first time with 
and most of the other times I took a cab. 
Defendant, Epstein personally took me home on at least one occasion. 
or Defendant Epstein would call for me to go to his house and bring him 
other girls. 
17. 
State the date you began engaging in prostitution, where (City and State), and 
whether you are still engaged in prostitution. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, introduced me to prostitution and encouraged me to 
be a prostitute, and I was never engaged in prostitution prior to meeting 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein. 
18. 
State the amount of monies (or anything else of value, including gifts) you claim 
were given or paid to you by Mr. Epstein (or someone paid/gave you on his behalf 
and that person's name, address and phone number) by year from 2000 - 2006. 
Each time I went to Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, he paid me $200 for him to 
sexually touch and fondle me; he also paid me $200 for each minor girl that I 
brought him for the purposes of him engaging in sex acts with them. 
19. 
List separately the names, address and phone number of all males, excluding Mr. 
Epstein, with whom you have had sexual activity since age 10 (by year) up through 
your current age. Describe the nature of sexual activity, the date(s) and whether 
you received money or other consideration from the person. 
Objection, harassing; irrelevant, not reasonably calculated to lead to admissible 
evidence, violation of privacy interests and rights of Plaintiff and other innocent 
persons. 
EFTA00727702
--- PAGE 20 ---
20. 
List separately the names, addresses and phone numbers of all males, excluding 
your claims against Mr. Epstein, whom you have claimed (formally or informally) 
committed sexual assault or battery on you since age 10 (by year) up through your 
current age. Describe the nature of sexual assault or battery, the date(s) and 
whether you received money or other consideration from the person. 
Jeffrey Epstein was the only known person. 
21. 
State the names, addresses and phone numbers of all males, excluding your claims 
against Mr. Epstein, whom you have claimed (formally or informally) committed 
lewd or lascivious conduct to you since age 10 (by year) up through your current 
age. Describe the lewd or lascivious conduct, the date and whether you received 
money or other consideration from the person. 
Jeffrey Epstein was the only known person. 
22. 
State the names, addresses and phone numbers of all males, excluding your claims 
against Mr. Epstein, whom you have claimed (formally or informally) committed 
lewd or lascivious exhibition to you since age 10 (by year) up through your current 
age. Describe the lewd or lascivious exhibition„ the date and whether you received 
money or other consideration from the person. 
Jeffrey Epstein was the only known person. 
23. 
List in detail all discussions/interviews which you had with any representative from 
FBI, U.S. Attorneys' Office, State Attorneys' Office (Palm Beach County), Palm 
Beach Sheriffs Office and Palm Beach Police Department regarding your meeting 
with Mr. Epstein. Include dates, who was present, the details of what was discussed, 
whether a court reporter was present and whether a taped statement was taken or 
whether you provided a written statement. 
After Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, hired and paid for an attorney to represent me 
while he was being criminally investigated, I provided a taped statement to the 
F.B.I. 
EFTA00727703
--- PAGE 21 ---
24. 
State the names, addresses, ages and phone numbers of all females whom you claim 
were brought by you to Mr. Epstein's home to give him a massage. As to each 
female, state the amount of money you claim you were paid to bring each female. 
There were a roximatel 
*iris. The names I remember:. 
25. 
Please list each time you were interviewed by any state or federal law enforcement 
agent or prosecutor, who was present, whether notes were taken, and what you 
recall saying to them. 
To the best of my knowledge, the only time I was interviewed was the taped 
statement to the F.B.I. 
26. 
Please describe any statements made to you by any federal or state law enforcement 
agent or prosecutor regarding the availability of civil remedies against Mr. Epstein 
and regarding whether there would be any benefit from your voluntary cooperation 
with law enforcement. 
There was never anything told to me about any civil remedies. 
EFTA00727704
--- PAGE 22 ---
M, Plaintiff 
I, counsel for a, the Plaintiff herein, personally witnessed the Plaintiff execute this 
Jurat page and do swear that M. is personally known to me, is the individual identified in the 
foregoing answers and is the same individual whose identify has been previously disclosed, 
under seal to the Defendant's counsel. 
Edwards 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF BROWARD 
:ss 
SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED before me this 
day of 
, 2009 
by =EDWARDS, who is personally known to me. 
Print Name 
Signature 
NOTARY PUBLIC - STATE OF FLORIDA 
Commission Number: 
My commission expires: 
(Notarial Seal) 
EFTA00727705

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727706.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727706.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of January 11, 2010 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Doe #4 
Doe #4 
Rick Ruperto 
Doe #4 
(by video) 
Jeffrey Epstein 
(by video) 
Date and Time 
Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
1/13/10 
Crexent 
Noticed by Jess 
10:00 a.m. 
850 Federal Hwy. 
Stuart, FL 34994 
1/19/10 
Accurate Reporting 
Noticed by Jess 
10:00 a.m. 
& Video Services 
814 East Silver 
Springs Blvd., #A 
Ocala, FL 34470 
1/19/10 
Accurate Reporting 
Noticed by Jess 
1:00 p.m. 
& Video Services 
814 East Silver 
Springs Blvd., #A 
Ocala, FL 34470 
1/26/10 
Leopold-Kuvin, PA 
Noticed by Jess 
9:00 a.m. 
2925 PGA Blvd., 
Suite #200 
Palm Beach 
Gardens, FL 33410 
1/26/10 
Leopold-Kuvin, PA 
Noticed by Jess 
11:00 a.m. 
2925 PGA Blvd., 
Suite #200 
Palm Beach 
Gardens, FL 33410 
1/26/10 
Leopold-Kuvin, PA 
Noticed by Jess 
2:30 p.m. 
2925 PGA Blvd., 
Suite #200 
Palm Beach 
Gardens, FL 33410 
1/26/10 
Leopold-Kuvin, PA 
Noticed by Jess 
4:00 p.m. 
2925 PGA Blvd., 
Suite #200 
Palm Beach 
Gardens, FL 33410 
1/27/10 
Prose, WPB 
Noticed by Kuvin 
9:30 a.m. 
1/29/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
EFTA00727706
--- PAGE 2 ---
IME o 
2/5/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
* 
4* 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
Have service 
EFTA00727707

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727708.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of January 20, 2010 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
Doe #4 
1/21/10 
Accurate Reporting 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(Dad) 
1:00 p.m. 
& Video Services 
814 East Silver 
Springs Blvd., #A 
Ocala, FL 34470 
Doe #4 
1/21/10 
Accurate Reporting 
Noticed by Jess 
(Mom) 
3:30 p.m. 
& Video Services 
814 East Silver 
Springs Blvd., #A 
Ocala, FL 34470 
. 
1/26/10 
Leopold-Kuvin, PA 
Noticed by Jess 
(Mom) 
9:00 a.m. 
2925 PGA Blvd., 
Suite #200 
Palm Beach 
Gardens, FL 33410 
. 
1/26/10 
Leopold-Kuvin, PA 
Noticed by Jess 
(Step-Dad) 
11:00 a.m. 
2925 PGA Blvd., 
Suite #200 
Palm Beach 
Gardens, FL 33410 
1/26/10 
Leopold-Kuvin, PA 
Noticed by Jess 
(Dad) 
2:30 p.m. 
2925 PGA Blvd., 
Suite #200 
Palm Beach 
Gardens, FL 33410 
1/26/10 
Leopold-Kuvin, PA 
Noticed by Jess 
(Sister) 
4:00 p.m. 
2925 PGA Blvd., 
Suite #200 
Palm Beach 
Gardens, FL 33410 
IME of 
2/5/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
2/5/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(Tentative Date) 
250 S. Australian 
(Tentative Date) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Charles Gerald 
2/08/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Goldsmith 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
EFTA00727708
--- PAGE 2 ---
. 
2/11/10 
(Tentative Date) 
Prose Court Rep 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Notice by Kuvin 
(Tentative Date) 
Doe #4 
2/12/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe #4 
2/12/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
( 
' Boyfriend) 
2:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
. 
IME of 
2/15/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
. 
. 
2/26/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
** 
Have service 
EFTA00727709

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727710.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727710.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of October 21, 2009 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
Doe 4 
( 
) 
Preston Vineyard 
(By Video) 
10/26/209 
10:00am 
BCLC, Conference 
Room A 
RDC (Jess) 
Doe 4 
10/27/09 
11:00 am 
Prose Court 
Reporting 
250 Australian 
Avenue South 
West Palm Beach, 
FL 
RDC (Jess) 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
101,102 
Khalid Zahir 
Monroe AKA 
Khalid Salaam 
(by video) 
10/28/09 
10:00 a.m. 
Esquire Court Rep 
West Flagler St 
Miami, FL 33130 
Edwards 
x-Josefsberg 
X-Kuvin 
Doe 
(Fed) 
Alan Dershowitz 
(by video) 
10/28/09 
1:00 p.m. 
Cambridge Court 
Reporters 
675 Massachusetts 
11th Floor 
Cambridge, MA 
02139 
Noticed by 
Edwards, with 
subpoena 
(by 
10/29/09 
9:30 a.m. 
Prose Court 
Reporting, WPB 
Noticed by us 
X by Kuvin 
(We noticed 19 
(Prose and Visual 
Evidence 
Doe 2) 
(by video) 
Jean Luc Bruhnel 
11/03/09, 
10:00am 
Esquire Court Rep. 
515 N. Flagler Dr. 
West Palm 
Beach,FL 
Noticed by 
Edwards ,Kuvin 
Previously noticed 
by Edwards& Kuvin 
On Jane Doe & 
(Re- 
noticed) 
(EW) 
11/05/09 
10:00am 
Prose Court 
Reporting, WPB 
RDC (Jess) 
B Video 
11/06/09 
10:00am 
Prose Court 
Reporting, WPB 
RDC (Jess) 
(EW) 
By Video 
EFTA00727710
--- PAGE 2 ---
11/10/09, 
McIntosh Sawran 
Re-Noticed by 
By Video 
11:00 a.m. 
1601 Forum Place 
Kuvin 
Suite 1110, WPB 
(Pleasanton 
Greenhill,Visual Ev 
DOE 
11/13/09, 
Prose Court 
RDC (Jess) 
By Video 
9:30am 
Reporting, WPB 
Michael Reiter 
(by video) 
11/23/09,10 A.M. 
Leopold-Kuvin,P.A. 
2925 PGA 
Noticed by Kuvin, 
Pleasanton 
Blvd.,Suite 200 
Greenhills and 
PBG, FL 33410 
Visual Evidence 
11/24/09, 
Leopold-Kuvin,P.A. 
Noticed by Kuvin, 
(by video) 
9:30 A.M. 
2925 PGA 
Pleasanton 
Blvd.,Suite 200 
Greenhills and 
PBG, FL 33410 
Visual Evidence 
Christina Vereno 
11/24/09, 
Leopold-Kuvin,P.A. 
Noticed by Kuvin, 
(by video) 
11:30 A.M. 
2925 PGA 
Pleasanton 
Blvd.,Suite 200 
Greenhills and 
PBG, FL 33410 
Visual Evidence 
Daliah Weiss 
11/24/09, 
Leopold-Kuvin,P.A. 
Noticed by Kuvin, 
(by video) 
2:30 P.M. 
2925 PGA 
Pleasanton 
Blvd.,Suite 200 
Greenhills and 
PBG, FL 33410 
Visual Evidence 
Det. Joseph 
12/01/09 
Prose Court Rep. 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Recarey 
1:00 p.m. 
250 S.Australian 
(w/ subpoena 
(by video) 
Ave.S, Suite 1500 
attached) 
WPB, FL 
Det. Michael 
12/08/09 
Prose Court Rep. 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Dawson 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S.Australian 
(w/ subpoena 
(by video) 
Ave.S, Suite 1500 
attached) 
WPB, FL 
Det. 
12/08/09 
Prose Court Rep. 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Pagan 
1:00 p.m. 
250 S.Australian 
(w/subpoena 
(by video) 
Ave.S, Suite 1500 
attached) 
WPB, FL 
Meister 
12/14/09 
Prose Court Rep. 
Noticed by Kuvin 
(by video) 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S.Australian 
Ave.S, Suite 1500 
(w/ subpoena 
attached) 
WPB, FL 
Todd Meister 
12/14/09 
Prose Court Rep. 
Noticed by Kuvin 
(by video) 
1:00 p.m. 
250 S.Australian 
(w/ subpoena 
EFTA00727711
--- PAGE 3 ---
Ave.S, Suite 1500 
WPB, FL 
attached) 
: 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
** 
Have service 
EFTA00727712

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727713.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of November 3, 2009 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
y vi eo 
11/06/09, 9AM 
Searcy Denney 
2139 Palm Beach 
Lake Blvd. 
WPB, FL 
RDC (Jess) 
(by video) 
11/10/09, 11AM 
Prose Court 
Reporting, WPB 
Re-Noticed by 
Kuvin 
(Prose,Visual 
Evidence) 
DOE 
11/13/09, 930AM 
Prose Court 
Reporting, WPB 
RDC (Jess) 
b video 
DOE 4 
11/17/09, 9AM 
Prose Court 
Reporting, WPB 
RDC (Jess) 
(by video) 
Igor Zinoview 
(by video) 
11/17/09, 10AM 
Prose Court 
Reporting, WPB 
Jack Hill 
(by vide2 
11/18/09, 10AM 
Prose Court 
Reporting, WPB 
RDC (Jess) 
Joseph 
11/19/09, 9AM 
Burman Critton 
Luttier & Coleman, 
WPB 
RDC (Jess) 
Pasqualino 
11/19/09, 1PM 
Burman Critton 
Luttier & Coleman, 
WPB 
RDC (Jess) 
Michael Reiter 
(by video) 
11/23/09,10AM 
Leopold-Kuvin,P.A. 
2925 PGA 
Blvd.,Suite 200 
PBG, FL 33410 
Noticed by Kuvin, 
Pleasanton 
Greenhills and 
Visual Evidence 
Cross by RDC 
11/24/09, 930AM 
Leopold-Kuvin,P.A. 
2925 PGA 
Blvd.,Suite 200 
PBG, FL 33410 
Noticed by Kuvin, 
Pleasanton 
Greenhills and 
Visual Evidence 
(by video) 
Christina Vereno 
(by video) 
11/24/09 
11:30 AM 
Leopold-Kuvin,P.A. 
2925 PGA 
Blvd.,Suite 200 
PBG, FL 33410 
Noticed by Kuvin, 
Pleasanton 
Greenhills and 
Visual Evidence 
Daliah Weiss 
(by video) 
11/24/09, 230PM 
Leopold-Kuvin,P.A. 
2925 PGA 
Blvd.,Suite 200 
PBG, FL 33410 
Noticed by Kuvin, 
Pleasanton 
Greenhills and 
Visual Evidence 
EFTA00727713
--- PAGE 2 ---
RC — PB County 
12/01/09, 9AM 
Prose Court Rep. 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Police Dept. 
250 S.Australian 
(w/ subpoena 
(by video) 
Ave.S, Suite 1500 
attached) 
WPB, FL 
Cross by RDC 
Det. Joseph 
12/01/09, 1PM 
Prose Court Rep. 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Recarey 
250 S.Australian 
(w/ subpoena 
(by video) 
Ave.S, Suite 1500 
attached) 
WPB, FL 
Cross by RDC 
Det. Michael 
12/08/09, 9AM 
Prose Court Rep. 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Dawson 
250 S.Australian 
(w/ subpoena 
(by video) 
Ave.S, Suite 1500 
attached) 
WPB, FL 
Cross by RDC 
Det. 
12/08/09, 1PM 
Prose Court Rep. 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Pagan 
250 S.Australian 
(w/subpoena 
(by video) 
Ave.S, Suite 1500 
attached) 
WPB, FL 
Cross by RDC 
DOE 
Ghislane Noelle 
12/09/09, 10AM 
Esquire Court Rep 
Noticed by 
Maxwell 
New York, NY 
Edwards 
(by video) 
Captain George 
12/09/09, 9AM 
Prose Court Rep. 
RDC (Jess) 
Frick 
250 S. Australian 
(by video) 
Ave S, Suite 1500 
WPB, FL 
Meister 
12/14/09, 9AM 
Prose Court Rep. 
Noticed by Kuvin 
(by video) 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S.Australian 
Ave.S, Suite 1500 
(w/ subpoena 
attached) 
WPB, FL 
Todd Meister 
12/14/09 
Prose Court Rep. 
Noticed by Kuvin 
(by video) 
1:00 p.m. 
250 S.Australian 
Ave.S, Suite 1500 
(w/ subpoena 
attached) 
WPB, FL 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
** 
Have service 
EFTA00727714

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727715.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of December 10, 2009 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
DOE 
Ghislane Noelle 
12/09/09, 10AM 
Esquire Court Rep 
Noticed by 
Maxwell 
New York, NY 
Edwards 
(by video) 
Igor Zinoview 
12/18/09 
Prose Court Rep. 
Noticed by Kuvin 
(by video) 
10:00 a.m. 
WPB, 
(no subpoena 
attached) 
12/16/09 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Hill 
(by video) 
c/o Reinhart 
9:00 a.m. 
WPB 
Jeffrey Epstein 
12/17/09 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Hill 
(by video??) 
10:00 am. 
WPB 
(based on 
calendar entry) 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
** 
Have service 
EFTA00727715

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727716.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of December 10, 2009 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
DOE 
Ghislane Noelle 
12/09/09, 10AM 
Esquire Court Rep 
Noticed by 
Maxwell 
New York, NY 
Edwards 
(by video) 
Igor Zinoview 
12/18/09 
Prose Court Rep. 
Noticed by Kuvin 
(by video) 
10:00 a.m. 
WPB, 
(no subpoena 
attached) 
12/16/09 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Hill 
(by video) 
c/o Reinhart 
9:00 a.m. 
WPB 
Jeffrey Epstein 
12/17/09 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Hill 
(by video??) 
10:00 am. 
WPB 
(based on 
calendar entry) 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
** 
Have service 
EFTA00727716

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727717.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727717.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of February 2, 2010 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
. 
IME of 
2/5/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
. 
Charles Gerald 
2/08/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Goldsmith 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
. 
2/9/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(Tentative Date) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
. 
2/11/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Cross - 
(By video) 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Cross by Edwards 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe #4 
2/12/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe #4 
2/12/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
( 
' Boyfriend) 
2:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
IME of 
2/15/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
. 
Janusz Banasiak 
2/16/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
2/17/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Edwards 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
. 
2/17/10 
Our Office 
Noticed by Jess 
2:00 p.m. 
. 
iDad 
2/17/10 
Our Office 
Noticed by Jess 
(Sister) 
4:00 p.m. 
DOE 
2/18/10 
Family?? 
EFTA00727717
--- PAGE 2 ---
Doe r."3 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
2/19/10 
10:00 a.m. 
Prose Court Rep 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Noticed by Jess 
DOE 
2/23/10 
Family?? 
Joseph Recarey 
2/25/10 
Noticed by Jess 
2/26/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(By Video) 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
. 
3/01/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Edwards 
(Tentative Date) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe #7 
IME of Doe #7 
3/01/10 
Drs. 
Office in 
Notice by Jess 
(e 
I= 
) 
9:00 a.m. 
Orlando 
(Tentative Location-
Need to Notice) 
Doe #5 
3/16/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(M) 
(By Video) 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein 
3/17/10 
Noticed by Scarola 
Epstein 
Edwards 
3/23/10 
Noticed by Jess 
** 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
Have service 
EFTA00727718

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727719.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727719.pdf
----------------------------------------
•• 
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of February 3, 2010 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
IME of 
( 
) 
Charles Gerald 
Goldsmith 
(RDC) 
(By Video) 
(RDC & MTL) 
Cross - 
(By video) 
(RDC & 
REINHART) 
Doe #4 
) 
(By Video) 
(MTL) 
Doe #4 
( 
) 
IS 
Boyfriend) 
(MTL) 
IME of 
(By Video) 
Janusz Banasiak 
(Awaiting 
Notice) 
(RDC & JAG) 
r 
Jeffrey Epstein 
(Awaiting 
Notice) 
(MJP & JAG) 
Doe #6 
) (By Video) 
(RDC) 
Date and Time 
Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
2/5/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
2/08/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
2/9/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(Tentative Date) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
2/11/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Cross by Edwards 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
2/12/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
2/12/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
2:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
2/15/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
2/16/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
2/17/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Edwards 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
2/17/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
EFTA00727719
--- PAGE 2 ---
Doe 
(M) 
2/18/10 
10:00 a.m. 
Prose Court Rep 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Noticed by Jess 
— Boyfriend 
(By Video) 
RDC
—
Doe 
(M) 
i ) m
-Grandmother 
(By Video) 
(RDC) 
2/18/10 
1:00 p.m. 
Prose Court Rep 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Noticed by Jess 
Doe 
(ME) 
Jeffrey 
2/18/10 
4:00 p.m. 
Prose Court Rep 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Noticed by Jess 
-Uncle 
(By Video) 
RDC 
Doe #3 
2/19/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
2/23/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(
) 
-Brother 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
a
m
2/23/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Notice by Jess 
-Sister 
(M) 
11:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
2/23/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
-Mother 
2:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
2/23/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(M) 
-Sister 
4:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) 
RDC 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Joseph Recarey 
2/25/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(RDC & 
At 9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
WEINBERG) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
2/26/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(By Video) 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe #5 
2/26/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(M) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(MTL) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
3/01/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by 
(Awaiting 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Edwards 
Notice) 
(RDC & JAG) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
EFTA00727720
--- PAGE 3 ---
Doe #7 
( 
) 
IME of 
(By Video) 
3/01/10 
9:00 a.m. 
Drs. 
Office in 
Orlando 
Noticed by Jess 
Doe #7 
3/15/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(MI) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein 
3/17/10 
Searcy Denney 
Noticed by Scarola 
(Awaiting 
10:00 a.m. 
2139 Palm Beach 
Notice) 
Lakes Blvd., 
West Palm Beach, 
FL 33409 
Epstein 
Edwards 
3/23/10 
Our Office 
Noticed by Jess 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
(RDC) 
** 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
Have service 
EFTA00727721

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727722.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of February 16, 2010 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
Doe #4 
2/12/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(MTL) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe #4 
2/12/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
( 
' Boyfriend) 
2:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(MTL) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
IME of 
2/15/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
. 
Janusz Banasiak 
2/16/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by 
Cross 
(RDC & JAG) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Edwards 
Does 2- 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Cross by 
Mernmistein 
. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
2/17/10 
US Legal 
Noticed by 
(MJP & JAG) 
11:00 a.m. 
444 West Railroad 
Edwards 
Ave., #300 
WPB 
Doe #6 
2/17/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) (By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
2/18/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
— Boyfriend 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) 
RDC)
i
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
2/18/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
-Grandmother 
1:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) (RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
Doe #3 
2/19/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(M) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
2/23/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Notice by Jess 
(a 
-Sister 
11:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
EFTA00727722
--- PAGE 2 ---
Doe 
2/23/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
-Mother 
2:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
. 
Joseph Recarey 
2/25/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(RDC & 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
WEINBERG) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
2/26/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(By Video) 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe #5 
2/26/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(M) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(MTL) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
3/01/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by 
Cross — 
(RDC & JAG) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Edwards 
Does 2- 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Cross by 
Mermelstein 
Doe #7 
IME of 
3/01/10 
Drs. 
Office in 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
9:00 a.m. 
Orlando 
B Video 
3/02/10 
Our Office 
Noticed by Jess 
-Father 
2:00 p.m. 
(MJP 
3/02/10 
Our Office 
Notice by Jess 
-Sister 
4:00 p.m. 
(MJP 
Doe #2 
3/03/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
3/04/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Does #2- Jeffrey Epstein 
03/08/10 
Galleria Int. 
Noticed by 
#8 
(By Video) 
(RDC & JAG) 
301 Clematis St., 
#3000 
Mermelstein 
WPB 
Doe #7 
3/15/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(
) (By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
3/15/10 
US Legal Support 
Noticed by 
( 
(MJP) 
10:00 a.m. 
515 East Las Olas 
Edwards 
Ft. Lauderdale 
EFTA00727723
--- PAGE 3 ---
Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein 
(by video) 
(RDC & JAG) 
3/17/10 
10:00 a.m. 
Our Office 
Noticed by Scarola 
Epstein 
Edwards 
3/23/10 
Searcy Denney 
Noticed by Jess 
Cross by (By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
2139 Palm Beach 
Noticed by Jess 
(RDC) 
Lakes Blvd., 
West Palm Beach, 
FL 33409 
Doe 
3/24/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by 
(by video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Edwards 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
4/8/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
(By video) 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC & 
REINHART) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Charles Gerald 
4/19/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Goldsmith 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
* 
Have service 
** 
EFTA00727724

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727725.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of February 19, 2010 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
Doe 
2/22/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
-Grandmother 
1:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) (RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
Doe #3 
2/19/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
2/23/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Notice by Jess 
( 
) 
-Sister 
11:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
2/23/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(M) 
-Mother 
2:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
a
l
2/23/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
- Boyfriend 
( 
) 
4:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
. 
Joseph Recarey 
2/25/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
Cross 
(RDC & 
At 9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Cross by Kuvin 
, 
EW, Doe 
WEINBERG) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Edwards, 
Doe II 
2/26/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(By Video) 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe #5 
2/26/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(MTL) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
3/01/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by 
Cross - 
(RDC & JAG) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Edwards 
Does 2- 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Cross by 
Mermelstein 
Doe #7 
IME of 
3/01/10 
Drs. 
Office in 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
9:00 a.m. 
Orlando 
EFTA00727725
--- PAGE 2 ---
ails
3/02/10 
Our Office 
Noticed by Jess 
-Father 
2:00 p.m. 
MJP 
3/02/10 
Our Office 
Notice by Jess 
-Sister 
4:00 p.m. 
(MJP) 
Doe 2 
3/03/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Does #2- Jeffrey Epstein 
03/08/10 
Galleria Int. 
Noticed by 
#8 
(By Video) 
(RDC & JAG) 
301 Clematis St., 
#3000 
Mermelstein 
WPB 
Doe 
3/11/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
1:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe #7 
3/15/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
3/15/10 
US Legal Support 
Noticed by 
( 
) 
(MJP) 
10:00 a.m. 
515 East Las Olas 
Edwards 
Ft. Lauderdale 
Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein 
3/17/10 
Our Office 
Noticed by Scarola 
(by video) 
10:00 a.m. 
(RDC & JAG) 
Epstein 
Edwards 
3/23/10 
Searcy Denney 
Noticed by Jess 
Cross by (By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
2139 Palm Beach 
Noticed by Jess 
(RDC) 
Lakes Blvd., 
West Palm Beach, 
FL 33409 
Doe 
3/24/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by 
Cross 
(by video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Edwards 
by 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Cross by Kuvin 
. 
4/8/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
(By video) 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC & 
REINHART) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Charles Gerald 
4/19/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Goldsmith 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
EFTA00727726
--- PAGE 3 ---
** 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
Have service 
EFTA00727727

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727728.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of February 19, 2010 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
Doe 
2/22/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(M) 
-Grandmother 
1:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) (RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
Doe #3 
2/19/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(M) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
2/23/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Notice by Jess 
(M) 
-Sister 
11:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
2/23/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
-Mother 
2:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) 
a/
m
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
2/23/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(NM) 
- Boyfriend 
4:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(By Video) 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
2/26/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(By Video) 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe #5 
2/26/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(MTL) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
3/01/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by 
Cross — 
(RDC & JAG) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Edwards 
Does 2- 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Cross by 
Mermelstein 
Doe #7 
IME of 
3/01/10 
Drs. 
Office in 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
9:00 a.m. 
Orlando 
(By Video) 
3/02/10 
Our Office 
Noticed by Jess 
-Father 
2:00 p.m. 
(MJP 
. 
3/02/10 
Our Office 
Notice by Jess 
-Sister 
4:00 p.m. 
(MJP) 
EFTA00727728
--- PAGE 2 ---
Doe ;:2 
3/03/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Does #2- Jeffrey Epstein 
03/08/10 
Galleria Int. 
Noticed by 
#8 
(By Video) 
(RDC & JAG) 
301 Clematis St., 
#3000 
Mermelstein 
WPB 
Doe 
3/11/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
1:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe #7 
3/15/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
3/15/10 
US Legal Support 
Noticed by 
( 
) 
(MJP) 
10:00 a.m. 
515 East Las Olas 
Edwards 
Ft. Lauderdale 
Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein 
3/17/10 
Our Office 
Noticed by Scarola 
(by video) 
10:00 a.m. 
(RDC & JAG) 
Epstein 
Edwards 
3/23/10 
Searcy Denney 
Noticed by Jess 
Cross by (By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
2139 Palm Beach 
Noticed by Jess 
(RDC) 
Lakes Blvd., 
West Palm Beach, 
FL 33409 
Doe 
3/24/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by 
(by video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Edwards 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
4/8/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
(By video) 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC & 
REINHART) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Charles Gerald 
4/19/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Goldsmith 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
** 
Have service 
EFTA00727729

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727730.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of February 25, 2010 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
2/26/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(By Video) 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe #5 
2/26/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(MTL) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
3/01/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by 
Cross — 
(RDC & JAG) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Edwards 
Does 2- 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Cross by 
Mermelstein 
Doe #7 
IME of 
3/01/10 
Drs. Hall Office in 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
9:00 a.m. 
Orlando 
(By Video 
3/02/10 
Our Office 
Noticed by Jess 
-Father 
2:00 p.m. 
ItC..1
3/02/10
Our Office 
Notice by Jess 
-Sister 
4:00 p.m. 
MJP 
Doe #2 
3/03/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(M) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
Russell Prickett 
3/05/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Connie 
(by video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
3/05/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Connie 
(by video) 
11:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Does #2- Jeffrey Epstein 
03/08/10 
Galleria Int. 
Noticed by 
#8 
(By Video) 
(RDC & JAG) 
301 Clematis St., 
#3000 
Mermelstein 
WPB 
Doe 
3/11/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
1:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
EFTA00727730
--- PAGE 2 ---
WPB 
Doe #7 
3/15/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
3/15/10 
US Legal Support 
Noticed by 
( 
) 
(MJP) 
10:00 a.m. 
515 East Las Olas 
Edwards 
Ft. Lauderdale 
Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein 
3/17/10 
Our Office 
Noticed by Scarola 
(by video) 
10:00 a.m. 
(RDC & JAG) 
TO BE 
Joseph Recarey 
3/19/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
Noticed 
(RDC & 
At 9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
WEINBERG) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Epstein 
Edwards 
3/23/10 
Searcy Denney 
Noticed by Jess 
Cross by (By Video) 
10:00 a.m. 
2139 Palm Beach 
(RDC) 
Lakes Blvd., 
West Palm Beach, 
FL 33409 
Doe 
3/24/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by 
Cross 
(by video) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Edwards 
by 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Cross by Kuvin 
4/8/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
(By video) 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC & 
REINHART) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Charles Gerald 
4/19/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Goldsmith 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
** 
Have service 
EFTA00727731

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727732.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of March 26, 2010 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
Doe 
George Rush 
3/31/10 
US Legal Support 
Noticed by 
(M) 
do NY Daily 
2:00 p.m. 
Penn Plz, #1410 
Edwards 
News 
NY, NY 
Cross by 103 
212-759-6014 
Doe 
Records 
3/31/10 
US Legal Support 
Noticed by 
(M) 
Custodian, NY 
2:30 p.m. 
Penn Plz, #1410 
Edwards 
Daily News 
NY, NY 
Cross by 103 
4/02/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(B
 Video) 
9:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(M or RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe 
Mediation 
4/5/10 
Matrix Mediation 
Matrix Mediation 
( 
) 
(RDC & JAG) 
10:00 a.m. 
1655 Palm Beach 
Lakes, Blvd., 700 
WPB, FL 
Doe #6 
4/6/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Notice by Jess 
( 
) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Doe #3 
4/6/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
2:00 p.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Does 2-8 
4/7/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
(RDC) 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Cross by Doe 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Cross by 
Mermelstein 
Doe 
4/13/10 
US Legal Support 
_ 
Noticed by 
a) 
(By Video) 
9:30 a.m. 
444 W. Railroad 
Edwards, 
(JAG) 
Ave. 
Cross by 103 
Suite 300 
WPB 
Doe 
Jeffrey Epstein 
4/14/10 
US Legal Support 
Noticed by 
(by video) 
10:00 a.m. 
444 W. Railroad 
Edwards 
Ave. 
Cross by 103 
Suite 300 
WPB 
EFTA00727732
--- PAGE 2 ---
Charles Gerald 
Goldsmith 
(RDC) 
4/19/10 
9:30 a.m. 
Prose Court Rep 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Does 2-8 Records 
4/19/10 
Veritext Corp. 
Noticed by 
Custodian — 
HBRK Associates 
10:00 a.m. 
1250 Broadway, 
Suite 2400 
Mermelstein 
NY, NY 10001 
Does 2-8 Richard Kahn 
4/20/10 
Veritext Corp. 
Noticed by 
10:00 a.m. 
1250 Broadway, 
Suite 2400 
Mermelstein 
NY, NY 10001 
** 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
Have service 
EFTA00727733

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727734.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of April 6, 2010 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
Doe 
4/12/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(friend of Doe) 
9:00 a.m. 
3111 W. Martin 
Luther King Jr. Blvd. 
Suite #100 
Tampa, FL 33607 
Doe 
4/12/10 
Scribe Associates 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(ex-boyfriend of 
2:00 p.m. 
201 SE 2nd Ave. 
Doe) 
Suite #207 
Gainesville, FL 
32601 
Doe 
4/13/10 
US Legal Support 
Noticed by 
le 
(By Video) 
9:30 a.m. 
444 W. Railroad 
Ave. 
Edwards, 
Cross by 103 
(JAG) 
Suite 300 
WPB 
Epstein v. 
Scott Rothstein 
4/15/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by us 
Rothstein 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Charles Gerald 
4/19/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Goldsmith 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Does 2-8 
Records 
4/19/10 
Veritext Corp. 
Noticed by 
Custodian — 
HBRK 
10:00 a.m. 
1250 Broadway, 
Suite 2400 
Mermelstein 
Associates 
NY, NY 10001 
Does 2-8 
Records 
4/19/10 
Veritext Corp. 
Noticed by 
Custodian — 
New York 
10:30 a.m. 
1250 Broadway, 
Suite 2400 
Mermelstein 
Strategy Group 
NY, NY 10001 
Epstein v. 
Michael Fisten 
4/19/10 
101 Business 
Noticed by Jess 
RRA 
10:00 a.m. 
Center, 101 NE 
Third Ave., #1500 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 
Epstein v. 
Richard Fandry 
4/19/10 
101 Business 
Noticed by Jess 
RRA 
2:00 p.m. 
Center, 101 NE 
Third Ave., #1500 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 
Does 2-8 
Richard Kahn 
4/20/10 
Veritext Corp. 
Noticed by 
10:00 a.m. 
1250 Broadway, 
Mermelstein 
EFTA00727734
--- PAGE 2 ---
Suite 2400 
NY, NY 10001 
Does 2-8 
Leslie Wexner 
(Duces Tecum) 
04/23/10 
Spectrum Reporting, 
LLC 
333 E. Stewart 
Avenue 
Columbus, OH 
Noticed by 
Mermelstein 
Cross by • 
All Cases 
Detective 
Recarey 
(Duces Tecum) 
04/27/10 
Prose Court Rep 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Notice by Jess 
* 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
Have service 
** 
EFTA00727735

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727736.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727736.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of April 6, 2010 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
Doe 
4/12/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(friend of Doe) 
9:00 a.m. 
3111 W. Martin 
Luther King Jr. Blvd. 
Suite #100 
Tampa, FL 33607 
Doe 
4/12/10 
Scribe Associates 
Noticed by Jess 
( 
) 
(ex-boyfriend of 
2:00 p.m. 
201 SE 2nd Ave. 
Doe) 
Suite #207 
Gainesville, FL 
32601 
Doe 
4/13/10 
US Legal Support 
Noticed by 
a 
(By Video) 
9:30 a.m. 
444 W. Railroad 
Ave. 
Edwards, 
Cross by 103 
(JAG) 
Suite 300 
WPB 
Epstein v. 
Scott Rothstein 
4/15/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by us 
Rothstein 
10:00 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Charles Gerald 
4/19/10 
Prose Court Rep 
Noticed by Kuvin 
Goldsmith 
9:30 a.m. 
250 S. Australian 
(RDC) 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Does 2-8 
Records 
4/19/10 
Veritext Corp. 
Noticed by 
Custodian — 
HBRK 
10:00 a.m. 
1250 Broadway, 
Suite 2400 
Mermelstein 
Associates 
NY, NY 10001 
Does 2-8 
Records 
4/19/10 
Veritext Corp. 
Noticed by 
Custodian — 
New York 
10:30 a.m. 
1250 Broadway, 
Suite 2400 
Mermelstein 
Strategy Group 
NY, NY 10001 
Epstein v. 
Michael Fisten 
4/19/10 
101 Business 
Noticed by Jess 
RRA 
10:00 a.m. 
Center, 101 NE 
Third Ave., #1500 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 
Epstein v. 
Richard Fandry 
4/19/10 
101 Business 
Noticed by Jess 
RRA 
2:00 p.m. 
Center, 101 NE 
Third Ave., #1500 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 
Does 2-8 
Richard Kahn 
4/20/10 
Veritext Corp. 
Noticed by 
10:00 a.m. 
1250 Broadway, 
Mermelstein 
EFTA00727736
--- PAGE 2 ---
Suite 2400 
NY, NY 10001 
Does 2-8 
Leslie Wexner 
(Duces Tecum) 
04/23/10 
Spectrum Reporting, 
LLC 
333 E. Stewart 
Avenue 
Columbus, OH 
Noticed by 
Mermelstein 
Cross by • 
All Cases 
Detective 
Recarey 
(Duces Tecum) 
04/27/10 
Prose Court Rep 
250 S. Australian 
Ave, Suite 1500, 
WPB 
Notice by Jess 
* 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
Have service 
** 
EFTA00727737

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727738.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of May 18, 2009 
- I limI 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Remarks 
(State) 
(Video) 
5/20/09, 9:30 a.m. 
Goldberger's 
Noticed by Critton 
Prose Court Reporting 
CA038051 
(Mot for Protective 
Order filed by Edwards) 
(State) 
CA028058 
(Video) 
5/22/09, 9:30 a.m. 
Goldberger's 
Noticed by Critton 
Prose Court Reporting 
(Mot for Protective 
Order filed by Edwards) 
~($tate) 
CA028058 
Jane Doe (Video) 
(Mot for Protective 
Order filed b Edwards 
5/26/09, 10:00 a.m. 
Goldberger's 
Noticed by Critton 
Prose Court Reporting 
(State) 
CA 037319 
Jeffrey Epstein (Video) 
5/28/09, 10:00 a.m. 
Goldberger's 
Noticed by Kuvin, U.S. 
Legal, Visual Evidence 
Doe II (State) 
CA 020614 
AC (Video) 
6/1/09, 10:00 a.m. 
Goldberger's 
Noticed by Critton 
Prose Court Reporting 
(Fed) 
Jeffrey Epstein (Video) 
6/11/09, 10:00 a.m. 
Goldberger's 
Noticed by Hill, 
Pinnacle Reporting 
Doe II (State) 
CA 020614 
6/11/09, 10:00 a.m. 
Goldberger's 
Noticed by us, Prose 
(RDC wrote Ezell we 
can re-coordinate 
dates) 
(Video) 
EFTA00727738

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727739.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of July 29, 2009 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Doe 
Leslie Wexler 
(Federal) 
- same - 
Ghislane Noelle 
Maxwell 
- same - 
By video 
8/14/09,11:00a.m 
8/17/09,11:00a.m 
McGinnis & Assoc. 
5701 North High St 
Suite 300 
Worthington, OH 
614-431-1344 
Esquire Court Rep 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
8/18/09 11:00a.m - same - 
8120/09, 10:00 a.m. 
Leopold Kuvin, P.A. 
PGA Blvd, Suite 200 
PBG 
Remarks 
Noticed by 
Edwards, 
U.S.Legal 
- same — 
- same - 
Noticed by Kuvin 
EFTA00727739

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727740.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of August 18, 2009 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Remarks 
Dr. Serge Thys * 
8/31/09, 3:15pm 
Our Office 
Our Office 
9/01/09,11:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY10019 
Noticed by Kuvin 
By video 
Jeffrey Epstein * 
By video 
9/02/09,10:OOam 
Atterbury,Goldberger 
250 S.Australian Ave. 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 
- same —
JANE 
DOE 
9/03/09,10:00am 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
10019 
Edwards & JPH, 
Kuvin 
By Video 
9/04/09,11:00am 
Searcy Denney 
2139 Palm Beach 
Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, 
FL 
JPH 
By Video 
Juan Alessi 
By Video 
9/08/09,10:OOam 
Searcy Denney 
2139 Palm Beach 
Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, 
FL 
JPH 
9/9/09,10:OOam 
Our Office 
Our Office 
By Video 
By Video 
9/11/09,10:OOam 
Our Office 
Our Office 
Doe #4 
Jane Doe #4 * 
B Video 
) 
9/16/09,1:00pm 
Our Office 
Our Office 
Igor Zinoview 
9/17/09,10:00am 
Doerner & Goldberg 
Revmont Park, 
South Building 
1161 Broad Street, 
#110 
Shrewsbury, NJ 
07702 
JPH 
EFTA00727740
--- PAGE 2 ---
Tommy Matola 
9/18/09,10:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
10019 
JPH 
9/21/09,1:00 pm 
McIntosh Sawran 
1601 Forum Place 
Suite 1110 
Noticed by Kuvin 
By video 
JANE 
DOE, 
Mark Epstein 
By Video 
9/21/09,11:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
10019 
Edwards 
Kuvin 
JANE 
DOE, 
Jean Luc Bruhel 
** 
By Video 
9/22/09,10:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
Edwards 
Kuvin 
JANE 
DOE 
Ghislane Maxwell 
** 
By Video 
9/23/09,10:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
Edwards 
Bill Riley 
By Video 
9/24/09,10:OOam 
Esquire 
515 E. Las Olas 
Blvd., #1300, Ft. 
Lauderdale, FL 
Edwards 
JANE 
DOE 
Jane Doe * 
By Video 
9/30/09,10:OOam 
Our Office 
Our Office 
** 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
Have service 
EFTA00727741

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727742.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of August 18, 2009 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Remarks 
Dr. Serge Thys * 
8/31/09, 3:15pm 
Our Office 
Our Office 
9/01/09,11:00am 
Esquire Court Rep 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY10019 
Noticed by Kuvin 
By video 
Jeffrey Epstein * 
By video 
9/02/09,10:00am 
Atterbury,Goldberger 
250 S.Australian Ave. 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 
-same—
JANE 
DOE 
9/03/09,10:00am 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
10019 
Edwards & JPH, 
Kuvin 
By Video 
9/04/09,11:00am 
Searcy Denney 
2139 Palm Beach 
Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, 
FL 
JPH 
By Video 
Juan Alessi 
By Video 
9/08/09,10:00am 
Searcy Denney 
2139 Palm Beach 
Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, 
FL 
JPH 
* 
9/9/09,10:00am 
Our Office 
Our Office 
By Video 
MI 
9/11/09,10:00am 
Our Office 
Our Office 
By Video 
Doe #4 
Jane Doe #4 * 
B Video 
) 
9/16/09,1:00pm 
Our Office 
Our Office 
Igor Zinoview 
9/17/09,10:00am 
Doerner & Goldberg 
Revmont Park, 
South Building 
1161 Broad Street, 
#110 
Shrewsbury, NJ 
07702 
JPH 
EFTA00727742
--- PAGE 2 ---
Tommy Matola 
9/18/09,10:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
10019 
JPH 
9/21/09,1:00 pm 
McIntosh Sawran 
1601 Forum Place 
Suite 1110 
Noticed by Kuvin 
By video 
JANE 
DOE, 
Mark Epstein 
By Video 
9/21/09,11:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
10019 
Edwards 
Kuvin 
JANE 
DOE, 
Jean Luc Bruhel 
** 
By Video 
9/22/09,10:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
Edwards 
Kuvin 
JANE 
DOE 
Ghislane Maxwell 
** 
By Video 
9/23/09,10:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
Edwards 
■ 
Bill Riley 
By Video 
9/24/09,10:OOam 
Esquire 
515 E. Las Olas 
Blvd., #1300, Ft. 
Lauderdale, FL 
Edwards 
JANE 
DOE 
Jane Doe * 
By Video 
9/30/09,10:OOam 
Our Office 
Our Office 
** 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
Have service 
EFTA00727743

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727744.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of August 25, 2009 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Remarks 
Dr. Serge Thys * 
8/31/09, 3:15pm 
Our Office 
Our Office 
9/01/09,11:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY10019 
Noticed by Kuvin 
By video 
(NO SERVICE) 
. 
Jeffrey Epstein * 
By video 
9/02/09,10:OOam 
Atterbury,Goldberger 
250 S.Australian Ave. 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 
- same - 
JANE 
DOE 
9/03/09,10:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
10019 
Edwards & JPH, 
Kuvin 
By Video 
(NO SERVICE) 
* 
9/03/09, 9:00AM 
Searcy Denney 
2139 Palm Beach 
Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach 
Our Office 
(By Video) 
By Video 
(NO SERVICE) 
9/04/09,11:OOam 
Searcy Denney 
2139 Palm Beach 
Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, 
FL 
JPH 
IME 
9/08/09, 9:00am 
Our Office 
Our Office 
By Video 
Juan Alessi** 
By Video 
9/08/09,10:OOam 
Searcy Denney 
2139 Palm Beach 
Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, 
FL 
JPH 
Doe #4 
Jane Doe #4 * 
By Video 
9/16/09,1:OOpm 
Our Office 
Our Office 
Igor Zinoview 
(SERVICE??) 
9/17/09,10:OOam 
Doerner & Goldberg 
Revmont Park, 
South Building 
1161 Broad Street, 
#110 
Shrewsbury, NJ 
07702 
JPH 
EFTA00727744
--- PAGE 2 ---
Tommy Matola 
(NO SERVICE) 
9/18/09,10:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
10019 
JPH 
By video 
9/21/09,1:00 pm 
McIntosh Sawran 
1601 Forum Place 
Suite 1110 
Noticed by Kuvin 
JANE 
DOE, 
Mark Epstein** 
By Video 
9/21/09,11:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
10019 
Edwards 
Kuvin 
JANE 
DOE, 
Jean Luc Bruhel 
** 
By Video 
9/22/09,10:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
Edwards 
Kuvin 
JANE 
DOE 
Ghislane Maxwell 
By Video 
(OFF PER 
) 
9/23/09,10:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
Edwards 
9/23/09, 9:00am 
Our Office 
Our Office 
By Video 
Bill Riley 
By Video** 
9/24/09,10:OOam I Esquire 
515 E. Las Olas 
Blvd., #1300, Ft. 
Lauderdale, FL 
Edwards 
9/29/09, 9:00am 
Our Office 
Our Office 
By Video 
JANE 
DOE 
Jane Doe * 
By Video 
9/30/09,10:OOam 
Our Office 
Our Office 
** 
Agreed Upon / Scheduled 
Have service 
EFTA00727745

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727746.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Matter 
Depositions Currently Scheduled 
as of September 3, 2009 
Plaintiff 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Noticed By/Court 
Reporter 
Dr. Serge Thys * 
(COMPLETED) 
8/31/09, 3:15pm 
Dr. Thys' office 
Noticed by us 
. 
Jeffrey Epstein * 
By Video 
(COMPLETED)? 
9/02/09,10:OOam 
Atterbury,Goldberger 
250 S.Australian Ave. 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 
Kuvin, Pleasanton 
Court Rep 
9/3/09, 10:00a.m. Searcy Denney 
2139 Palm Beach 
Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, 
FL 
Noticed by us, 
Prose Court Rep 
Cross by Kuvin, 
Edwards 
Doe,
, 
EW 
By 
Video 
(OFF) 
Juan Alessi 
By Video 
9/08/09,10:00am 
Searcy Denney 
2139 Palm Beach 
Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, 
FL 
JPH 
Doe #4 
Jane Doe #4 * 
By Video 
a 
) 
9/16/09,1:OOpm 
Our Office 
Our Office 
Igor Zinoview 
9/17/09,10:00am 
Doerner & Goldberg 
Revmont Park, 
South Building 
1161 Broad Street, 
#110 
Shrewsbury, NJ 
07702 
JPH 
Tommy Matola 
(OFF - NO 
SERVICE) 
9/18/09,10:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
10019 
JPH 
9/21/09,1:00 pm 
McIntosh Sawran 
1601 Forum Place 
Suite 1110 
Noticed by Kuvin 
By video 
JANE 
DOE, 
Mark Epstein 
By Video 
9/21/09,11:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
10019 
Edwards 
Kuvin 
EFTA00727746
--- PAGE 2 ---
JANE 
DOE, 
Jean Luc Bruhel 
** 
By Video 
9/22/09,10:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
Edwards 
Kuvin 
JANE 
DOE 
Ghislane Maxwell 
** 
By Video 
(OFF - PER 
a 
9/23/09,10:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
Edwards 
By Video 
9/23/09,9:00am 
Our Office 
Our Office 
S 
Doe 101, 
102 
Bill Riley 
By Video 
9/24/09,10:OOam 
Esquire 
515 E. Las Olas 
Blvd., #1300, Ft. 
Lauderdale, FL 
Edwards 
Ezell 
JANE 
DOE, 
Doe 101, 
102 
Donald Trump 
By Video 
9/24/09,11:00am 
Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
Edwards 
Josefsberg (cross) 
. 
9/29/09,9:OOam 
Our Office 
Our Office 
By Video 
JANE 
DOE 
Jane Doe * 
By Video 
9/30/09,10:OOam 
Our Office 
Our Office 
. 
Larry Eugene 
Morrison 
Duces Tecum 
10/6/0910:OOam 
Esquire Court Rep 
515 N. Flagler Dr. 
WPB, FL 
Edwards 
Ezell. Kuvin 
Doe 101, 
102 
U 
■ 
Doe 
10/6/09 2:00p.m. 
Esquire Court Rep 
515 N. Flagler Dr. 
WPB, FL 
Edwards 
Ezell, Kuvin 
101, 102 
Doe 101, 
102 
David Hart 
Rogers 
Duces Tecum 
10/7/09 10:00am 
Esquire Court Rep 
515 N. Flagler Dr. 
WPB, FL 
Edwards, Kuvin, 
Ezell 
Doe101, 
102 
Janusz Banasiak 
10/7/09,2:00 p.m. Esquire Court Rep 
515 N. Flagler Dr. 
WPB, FL 
Edwards, Kuvin 
Ezell 
EFTA00727747
--- PAGE 3 ---
IIMI 
Lawrence Paul 
Visoski,Jr. 
Duces Tecum 
10/8/09,10:00.am Esquire Court Rep 
515 N. Flagler Dr. 
WPB, FL 
Edwards, Ezell 
Kuvin 
Doe101, 
102, 
. 
Mucinska 10/8/09,4:00 p.m. Esquire Court Rep 
1021 Ives DairyRd. 
Suite 214,BIdg.3 
North Miami, FL 
Edwards, Ezell 
Kuvin 
Doe 101, 
102,
. 
10/13/0910:OOam Caribou Inn 
Main Street 
Caribou, Maine 
04730 
JPH 
By Video 
JANE 
DOE 
10/19/0910:00am Esquire Court Rep 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY10019 
Edwards 
By video 
JANE 
DOE 
By Video 
10/20/0910:OOam Esquire Court Rep. 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 
10019 
Edwards 
** 
Agreed Upon I Scheduled 
Have service 
EFTA00727748

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727749.pdf
----------------------------------------
ADDENDUM - SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT 
d Jeffrey Epstein understand that the funds 
disbursed under t is settlement agreement are made to compensate her 
for physical injury she claims she suffered as well as emotional distress, 
provided that nothing in this sentence shall be construed as an admission 
by Jeffrey Epstein that he violated any federal statute that constitutes a 
predicate for a damage claim under 18 U.S.C. § 2255 or an admission that 
he violated any other federal or state statute. 
2. Consistent with the fact that the pending lawsuit between the parties is 
being settled, the parties agree that they will have no direct or indirect 
contact with each o 
indirect contact wit 
I have no direct or 
. This prohibition of 
contact includes, but is not limited to, any form of surveillance or 
i ation by rivate investigators and any contact with employers of 
This provision shall not apply to any 
employer who is contracted by Epstein's counsel or counsel's agent and 
ask questions only about a person who may file 
ainst E 
questions shall not extend to questions about 
parties agree that they can pursue and enforce any violation of this anti-
harassment and no-contact provision through the mechanisms provided in 
paragraph 
I ment a reement to this document. The parties 
agree that 
can also pursue any violation of 
this paragraph 
as a contempt of court 
3. Counsel for 
ave received, as part of discovery in 
this lawsuit, 
weep Epstein's agents and federal 
prosecutors. 
ay desire to use this 
correspondence to prove a violation of her right to notice by the 
government and to be treated with fairness, dignity, and respect during 
criminal investigations and prosecutions under the Crime Victims' Rights 
Act (CVRA), 18 U.S.C. section 3771, and to seek remedies for any violation 
that she may prove. The parties agree that Epstein will receive at least 
seven days advance notice, in writing, of intent to so use the 
EFTA00727749
--- PAGE 2 ---
correspondence in any CVRA case. 
The correspondence may also be 
relevant to a pending lawsuit that Epstein has filed against Rothstein, 
Rosenfeld, Adler and others currently pending before Judge Crow. The 
parties agree that Epstein will receive at least one week advance notice, in 
writing, of intent to so use the correspondence in this case. Epstein's 
" 
to such use. Counsel for 
agree to either not file the documents and 
correspondence or to file them under seal until a judge has ruled on any 
objection that E stein ma fil 
4. Counsel f 
return all copies of the tax returns to 
defense counsel within three days after receipt of the wire transfer via 
federal express and delete any email copies of the tax returns. 
5. The parties agree that they shall not contact (nor respond to any request or 
inquiry) to any print, internet, television or media nor any reporter, 
author, or similar person to discuss any term or provision of this 
settlement agreement, to conduct any interview or to sell or distribute 
(with or without consideration) any story or facts relating to their 
interactions or contact with each other. Any violations of this paragraph 
shall subject the violating party to the enforcement provisions of 
paragraph 5 of this settlement agreement. 
ye 
e 
C- 
67, reac 
cficir s
h/5 
(cn'J5urf 
cir  
st 
pendfr) In font oyi cc + ckry-t,v. 
cqe-4 
Pet tli 
Par 
it o'r' r ods 
(7)/Cti 
EFTA00727750

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727751.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CROSS NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that on February 11, 2010 at 9:30 AM at Prose 
Court Reporting Agency, Inc. One Clearlake Centre, 250 South Australian 
Avenue, Suite 1500, West Palm Beach, FL 33401, the undersigned attorney 
will take the deposition of: 
upon oral examination, before, Prose Court Reporting, Notary Public, or any 
other Notary Public or Officer duly authorized by law to take depositions in the 
State of Florida. The oral examination will continue from day to day until 
completed. The deposition is being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at 
trial, or both of the foregoing, or for such other purposes as are permitted under 
the applicable and governing rules. 
EFTA00727751
--- PAGE 2 ---
CERTICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY thatnr 
original of the above and a copy of the 
foregoing has been provided this" X
C day of January 2010 via U.S. Mail and 
email transmittal to all those on the attached service list. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(954) 524-2820 
(954) 524-2822 fax 
By: 
BRADLEY 
EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
SERVICE LIST 
D. Critton, Jr. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, et al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
Jay Howell & Assoc. 
644 Cesery Boulevard 
Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger et al. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00727752

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727753.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 502008CA028051X)0O(MB AB 
L.M. 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CROSS NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that plaintiff, L.M., will take the video deposition of: 
NAME 
DATE AND 
TIME 
PLACE OF TAKING 
DEPOSITON 
Story Cowles 
South Olive Avenue 
#201S 
West Palm Beach, FL 
May 12, 2010 
@ 10:00 AM 
US Legal Support 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
Suite 300 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
(561) 835-0220 
upon oral examination before US Legal Support, Notary Public, or any other 
notary public or officer authorized by law to take depositions in the State of 
Florida. The oral examination will continue from day to day until completed. The 
depositions are being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for 
such other purposes as are permitted under the Rules of Court. 
EFTA00727753
--- PAGE 2 ---
CERTICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the original of the above and a copy of the 
foregoing has been provided this " 
day of May 2010 via U.S. Mail and email 
transmittal to all those on the attached service list. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
fax 
BRADLEY J. EDWARD 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
SERVICE LIST 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, et al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger et al. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
Jay Howell & Assoc. 
644 Cesery Boulevard 
Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
EFTA00727754

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727755.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AB 
L.M. 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
PLAINTIFF L.M.'s RESPONSE TO DEFENDANT EPSTEIN'S MOTION FOR PARTIAL 
SUMMARY JUDGMENT ON COUNT I OF PLAINTIFF'S 
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
Plaintiff L.M. hereby responds to defendant Epstein's Motion for Partial Summary 
judgment on Count I. Epstein claims that he is entitled to summary judgment on Count 
because there is no private right of action under various criminal statutes. Epstein 
simply misapprehends basic tort law principles. L.M. is not seeking a right of action 
under those statutes. Rather, she has filed a tort action in which she intends to use 
those statutes as proof of Epstein's negligence and violation of standard of care. 
Because this is indisputably proper, the motion for summary judgment should be 
denied. 
Background 
As the Court is aware, this action involves L.M.'s complaint against defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein for numerous acts of sexual assault committed against her while she 
was a minor. Relevant to this motion is Count 1, in which L.M. seeks to recovery for 
Epstein's negligence per se. In relevant part, Count 1 provides: 
EFTA00727755
--- PAGE 2 ---
"In committing various crimes against Plaintiff, Defendant violated penal 
statutes that were designed to protect a class of persons, of which Plaintiff is a member, 
against a particular type of harm. 
Particularly, the Florida Statutes which Epstein violated include, but may 
not be limited to: 
A. 
Chapter 800.04(4-7) — Lewd or lascivious offenses: Defendant 
Epstein engaged in sexual activity with Plaintiff when Plaintiff was less than 16 years of 
age, and also encouraged or enticed her at that time to become involved in prostitution 
or some other act of sexual activity; Defendant also violated this statute by touching in a 
lewd or lascivious manner the breasts, genitals, genital area or buttocks, or the clothing 
covering them, of Plaintiff at a time when Plaintiff was less than 16 years old, or enticed 
Plaintiff at that time to so touch Epstein. Epstein masturbated in the presence of 
Plaintiff when Plaintiff was less than 16 years of age. 
B. 
Section 827.04 — Contributing to the delinquency of a child; 
Defendant induced or endeavored to induce by act, threat, command, or persuasion, 
the then minor Plaintiff to commit or perform acts, follow a course of conduct, and live in 
a manner that caused or tended to cause Plaintiff to become or remain delinquent, 
when he committed the acts described in paragraphs 12-16 above against Plaintiff. 
C. 
Section 796.03 — Procuring a minor for prostitution; Defendant 
procured for prostitution, or caused to be prostituted, Plaintiff when Plaintiff was under 
the age of 18. 
EFTA00727756
--- PAGE 3 ---
D. 
Section 796.07 - Prohibiting prostitution; Defendant owned, 
maintained and operated a place, to wit his home located at 358 El Brillo Way, West 
Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida, for the purpose of lewdness or prostitution, 
he received minors into his house for the purpose of lewdness or prostitution, and 
directed, took, transported, or offered or agreed to transport Plaintiff to and from his 
house with the reasonable belief that the 
purpose of such directing, taking, or 
transporting was lewdness or prostitution; 
E. 
Section 796.045 — Sex trafficking; Defendant knowingly recruited, 
enticed, harbored, transported, or obtained Plaintiff, knowing that coercion would be 
used to cause Plaintiff to engage in prostitution; 
F. 
Section 796.04 — Forcing, compelling, or coercing another to 
become a prostitute; Defendant coerced Plaintiff to become a 
prostitute; and 
G. 
Section 39.01 (67) - Sexual abuse of a child; Defendant intruded 
into the genitals of Plaintiff, when Plaintiff was a child, and touched her genitals or 
intimate parts, he intentionally masturbated in front of her, he intentionally exposed his 
genitals in her presence, and encouraged Plaintiff to engage in prostitution. 
As to each of the above referenced criminal statutes, Plaintiff was a 
member of the class of persons intended to be protected, the injury was of the type the 
statute intended to protect, and the Injuries suffered by Plaintiff proximately resulted 
from the violation of the criminal statute." 
Epstein has now moved for summary judgment on this count, contending that the 
criminal statutes L.M. cites do not provide a private right of action. 
EFTA00727757
--- PAGE 4 ---
Analysis 
Epstein's motion should be denied. Epstein simply confuses the basis on which 
L.M. is suing. Epstein does not dispute that L.M.'s allegations provide a clear basis for 
pursuing (among other things) a negligence action against him. And negligence is 
obviously a viable cause of action. 
Epstein, however, seems to believe that in citing various criminal statutes in her 
complaint, L.M. is relying on those statutes as the original basis for her cause of action. 
She is not. Instead, L.M. relies on the statutes to prove (among other things) Epstein's 
negligence as well as his violation of a standard of care that he owed to her. 
Using criminal statutes to prove violation of a standard of care is uncontroversial. 
It is hornbook law that "Mile standard of conduct required of a reasonable man may be 
prescribed by legislative enactment." WILLIAM L. PROSSER, LAW OF TORTS (4th ed. 1971). 
Indeed, 190; see also id. at 190. As the Florida Supreme Court recently explained (in a 
case that is more recent than any of those cited by Epstein), "The courts of Florida have 
long recognized that the violation of a statute may be utilized as evidence of 
negligence." Florida Dept of Corrections v. Abril, 969 So.2d 201, 205 (Fla. 2007). 
The only question, then, is how may the statutes be used as evidence of 
negligence. As the Florida appellate courts have explained, there are three categories 
of statutory violations: 
(1)Violation of a strict liability statute designed to protect a particular class of 
persons who are unable to protect themselves, constituting negligence per se; 
(2) violation of a statute establishing a duty to take precautions to protect a 
particular class of persons from a particular type of injury, also constituting 
negligence per se; (3) violation of any other kind of statue, constituting mere 
prima facie evidence of negligence. 
EFTA00727758
--- PAGE 5 ---
Chevron U.S.A., Inc. v. Forbes, 783 So.2d 1215, 1219 (Fla. App. 2001) (citing deJesus 
v. Seaboard Coast Line Railroad Co., 281 So.2d 198 (Fla. 1973); Grand Union Co. v. 
Rocker, 454 So.2d 14, 15 (Fla. App. 1984). Here, the statutes that L.M. cites quite 
clearly fall within the first classification — statutes designed "to protect a particular class 
of person who are unable to protect themselves," i.e., children who are unable to protect 
themselves from the sexual depredations of adults (like defendant Epstein). Epstein 
does not even attempt to argue otherwise. As a result, violation of the statutes is clearly 
"negligence per se," as L.M. has properly alleged in her complaint. 
The cases cited by Epstein are all readily distinguishable, as they address 
different subjects than the one at issue here. For example, Epstein describes Horowitz 
v. Plantation General Hosp. Ltd. Partnership, 959 So.2d 176 (Fla. 2007), as the 
"leading" case on private causes of action. But Horowitz involves a situation where 
there was no common law duty imposed on defendant, forcing the plaintiff to discover 
one in the statutes at hand. 
In Horowitz, a patient/plaintiff with an unsatisfied money judgment against a 
physician for medical malpractice sought recovery from a hospital where the physician 
had staff privileges, alleging that the hospital should be liable to her for failing to ensure 
that the physician complied with statutory financial responsibility requirements. 
In 
rejecting the plaintiffs argument for liability, the Florida Supreme Court started with the 
proposition that that "there is no recognized common law duty on the part of hospitals to 
monitor the financial responsibility of physicians and thus no common law cause of 
action against hospitals for breaching that duty." Id. at 181. In view of this law of 
common law duties, the Court reasoned that lilt such a duty and cause of action exist, 
EFTA00727759
--- PAGE 6 ---
they do so by virtue of statutory modification of the common law." Id. The Court, 
however, found that there was no such "modification" of the common law through the 
financial responsibility statute because the statute did not create a new, private cause of 
action. In reaching this conclusion, the Court reviewed the standards for whether a 
cause of action should be "judicially implied." Id. at 182. 
This case obviously involves a totally different issue. Of course, an action for 
sexual assault is not a creation of statute but has long existed at common law. See, 
e.g., Khianthalat v. State, 974 So.2d 359, 361 (Fla. 2008) (discussing common law of 
rape); Shaw v. Fletcher, 138 Fla. 103, 189 So. 678 (Fla. 1939) (reviewing challenge to 
tort claim for damages sustained by father as a result of "the seduction of a fifteen year 
old minor daughter, carnal intercourse and rape" and concluding "[a] cause of action is 
stated under the common law in force in this State"). Therefore, this Court does not 
need to dive into the morass of whether to judicially imply a cause of action for sexual 
abuse, because the cause of action already exists. The only question is the kind of 
evidence that L.M. is permitted to offer in support of her cause action. As made clear in 
the Florida cases cited, above, L.M. is permitted to argue that violation of the statute is 
proof of her claims. 
Similarly distinguishable is the other case discussed at length by Epstein, 
Mantooth v. Richards, 557 So.2d 646 (Fla. App. 1990). There the plaintiff sought to 
create a new cause of action for "parental kidnapping." The plaintiff conceded that there 
was "no caselaw" in Florida providing such a cause of action. Id. 
at 646. He 
nonetheless asked the Court to infer one from various statutes, which the Court 
declined to do. In this case, of course, Florida case law — dating back to common law 
EFTA00727760
--- PAGE 7 ---
days - recognizes a cause of action for sexual assault of a minor. See, e.g., Shaw v. 
Fletcher, 138 Fla. 103, 189 So. 678 (Fla. 1939) . This Court, therefore, need infer such 
a right from any statute to permit L.M. to proceed under her first cause of action. 
The cases cited by Epstein should be contrasted with cases that plainly allow a 
civil cause of action to be predicated on a criminal statute. A good illustration comes 
from Newsome v. Haffner, 710 So.2d 184 (Fla. App. 1998). There, plaintiff sought to 
hold a home owner liable for serving alcohol under a criminal statute commonly referred 
to as the "open house party" statute. Id. at 185 (citing Fla. Stat. § 856.015). In 
reversing a district court decision dismissing a civil cause of action based on this 
criminal statute, the Court of Appeals explained: " 
Section 856.015 extends . . . criminal responsibility to a social host at a 
residence with an open house party. Although a corresponding civil liability 
was not previously recognized at common law, a cause of action in 
negligence per se is created when a penal statute is designed to protect a 
class of persons, of which the plaintiff is a member, against a particular 
type of harm. See Davis; Tamiami Gun Shop v. Klein, 116 So.2d 421 
(Fla.1959), approving Tamiami Gun Shop v. Klein, 109 So.2d 189 (Fla. 3d 
DCA 1959); Tampa Shipbuilding and Engineering v. Adams, 132 Fla. 419, 
181 So. 403 (Fla.1938); J. Ray Arnold Lumber Corp. of Olustee v. 
Richardson, 105 Fla. 204, 141 So. 133 (1932). By enacting section 
856.015, the legislature has therefore imposed a duty of care on social 
hosts and created a civil cause of action for a statutory violation. 
710 So.2d at 185 -86 (emphasis added). Of course, exactly the same conditions 
applies here: The criminal statutes at issue were designed to protect a class of persons 
(minors) against a particular type of harm (sexual abuse). 
Accordingly, L.M. has 
properly stated a cause of action. 
Conclusion 
For all these reasons, the Court allow L.M. to proceed on her first cause of action 
and deny with prejudice Epstein's motion for summary judgment on Count I. 
EFTA00727761

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727762.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727762.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AB 
L.M. 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE OF SERVICE OF PLAINTIFF'S UPDATE ANSWERS TO #2, #4 AND 
#5 OF DEFENDANT'S FOURTH INTERROGATORIES 
Plaintiff, L.M., hereby files her Notice of Service of Plaintiffs Update 
Answers to #2, #4 and #5 of the Fourth Interrogatories propounded by Defendant 
on March 25, 2010. 
CERTICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the original of the above and a copy of the 
foregoing has been provided this .''_I
day of June 2010 via U.S. Mail and email 
transmittal to all those on the attached service list 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
fax 
By: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00727762
--- PAGE 2 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, et al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
Jay Howell & Assoc. 
644 Cesery Boulevard 
Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger et al. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00727763
--- PAGE 3 ---
PLAINTIFF'S ANSWERS TO FOURTH INTERROGATORIES 2, 4 and 5 
2. 
Identify' each physician or medical provider (including mental health 
professionals, drug or alcohol counselors and therapists) with whom you have 
consulted or who has treated or examined you, and identify each facility 
(including drug or alcohol treatment facilities, whether inpatient or outpatient) 
where you have received any consultation, examination or treatment that is in 
any way related to this case; and state as to each the date of consultation, 
examination or treatment and the injury, condition or other reason for which you 
were examined or treated since you answered the First Set of Interrogatories 
propounded by Defendant on or about December 10, 2008. 
ANSWER: 
Amy C. Swan, Psy.D. 
918 N. E. 26th Avenue 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33304 
Glenn M. Collins, MD 
1395 S. State Road 7 #450 
West Palm Beach, FL 33414 
(561) 798-1233 
Annual Gynecological Exam 
Approximately 3-4 months ago 
4. 
Are you now, or have you ever been a member of a social networking website 
such as MySpace.com, Facebook.com, Bebo.com, Flickr.com or any similar 
websites? 
ANSWERS: 
Yes. 
a. 
If so, please list all social networking websites of which you are currently a 
member; list all social networking websites of which you were previously a 
member and state the date you joined each site and the date you 
cancelled your membership with each site. 
Current Member: 
Facebook — I believe I joined Facebook sometime in 2009 
MySpace — I believe I joined MySpace sometime in 2007 
Previous Member: 
Twitter — I used Twitter one time in 2010 
EFTA00727764

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727765.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
CROSS-NOTICE OF TAKING 
VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the attorney for Plaintiff in the above-styled cause 
will take the deposition of 
on September 3, 2009 at 9:00 
a.m. for the purposes of discovery at the following location: 
Searcy Denney Scarola 
Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Said deposition will be taken before U.S. Legal Support, a Notary Public or any 
officer authorized to administer oaths by the laws of the State of Florida, and a person 
who is neither a relative, nor employee, nor attorney, nor counsel of any of the parties 
and who is neither a relative nor employee of such attorney or counsel, and who is not 
financially interested in the action. 
Said deposition will be taken pursuant to Florida Rules of Civil Procedure in such 
cases provided. Said oral examination will continue from hour to hour and from day to 
day until completed. 
EFTA00727765
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 
502008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and Facsimile thisA.7  day of August, 2009 to: Michael Burman, Esq., & 
D. Griffon, Jr., Esq., Burman, Clifton, et at, 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery 
Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger et at, 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33394 
Telephone (954) 522-3456 
Telecopier (954) 527-8663 
copies U.S. Legal 
By: 
Florida Bar No. 542075 
iltar.”s 
Florida Bar No. 197701 
EFTA00727766

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727767.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 
Gensler 
Project 
Project Number 
Little St. James 
05.7112.000 
DeurIprion 
lesueffter 
proposed pool level - Option A 
Prepared by 
Salle 
1/32"—P-0" 
I? 
11111111111 
It 
PATH FROM MAS ftR 
BEDROOM 
I 0 
p o 
I7j 
mem; 
Leber 
VESTIBULE 
EDGE OF SLOPED ROOF ABOVE 
TERRACES 
S 
\ 
e 
/ 
\ 
/ 
all
\ P°2----(—
iff 
/ 
\ 
/ 
\ 
VAIN WRY 
NEW LAUNDRY R OM 
AT GRADE (BEL W 
COURTYA D) 
FtItltat
PISS 
1111-111111111111
UI 
DI 
I 
254' 
i 
l
tu 
I 
U1 
OD 2010 Gensler 
KOS ?I I2000LCABLIATIBPIanrateleale8P03 omo-64 tug 
GARDEN 
STAIR 
EDGE OF EXISTING 
COURTYARD 
• 
• 
_J 
EXISTING POOL 
EDGE OF SUPPORT SPACES (PANTRY, 
TOILET RM. AND STORAGE) BELOW 
-- -- --- 
I 
-- -- 
-- 
SCREENING ROOM I 
-- ......, BELOW 
I 
-...-... -.. 
.-.... •--J 
tft. _ JOS 
SPEAKER CHASE BELOW 
Date 
March 4, 2010 
\\- MECHANICAL CHASE AND 2nd EXIT 
BELOW 
ROOF OF PROJECTION AND 
CH 
ROOMS BELOW 
8' 16' 
32' 
64' 
128' 
2500 Ikeethvay 
Sulk 300 
Soma Vadat 
California 934P1 
Tel: 3I0.449.5600 
Fax: 310.4494850 
EFTA00727767

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727768.pdf
----------------------------------------
CURRENT LAYOUT FOR 
STAIR TO MASTER 
BEDROOM AND OFFICE 
[21 
NEED TO MOVE POOL 
DECK WALL EAST. AWAY 
FROM EXISTING OFFICE. 
AND ADD HIDDEN STAIR 
TO POOL 
HIDDEN STAIR 
LATEST LAYOUT FOR 
POOL AND LIVING ROOM 
COVERED SEATING 
( 
co 
EFTA00727768

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727769.pdf
----------------------------------------
STAIR 
OF KITCHEN
coNo
CONCEPT 
NORTH 
STAIR r 
OF 
K....,DNo_ 
I / CHEN 
EPT 
NORTH
1O 
TERRACELANDSCAPE
NORTH 
RESIDENCE
 OF MAIN 
D
EFTA00727769

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727770.pdf
----------------------------------------
TERRACE LANDSCAPING 
NOT CURRENT STAIR 
\ 
OLD LIVING ROOM 
LAYOUT 
NOT CURRENT STAIR 
LAYOUT 
pre.0"'n
- tem.° • 
'to 
CD4fTzaSb ' 
1/ wl c1 ftr-viteti 
tofu, II° 
EFTA00727770

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727771.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ Crew Boat 
Vessel: Subquest 
Location: Crown Bay Marina, St Thomas 
Passenger Load: 52 per's, plus 3 crew, total 55 pers. 
Hull: Aluminum 
Condition of Vessel: 
Both engines have 20,000 hrs on them and will need replacement in the very near 
future, along with exhausts, refurbishment of Rudders, prop's, minor hull repair, 
bottom paint and some other misc items. Basically you will be purchasing the hull, 
which is good condition. Please note some repair work has already been 
performed on the hull to meet Coast Guard standards. 
Asking Price: $225,000.00 
Pricing is taking into account that purchaser would be replacing engines. 
Refurbishment Cost: $44, 1000 
See attached Spreadsheet for detailed breakdown of cost. 
Do you wish to make an offer and if so what would that offer be? 
EFTA00727771

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727772.pdf
----------------------------------------
Proposed location for 
Music Building 
Little St. James Island 
Proposed Music Building Location 
7/15/10 
EFTA00727772

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727773.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ Planting Suggestions 
Coal: Add more Color to the island 
#1 Hillside above lawn, below/above Northwest road 
Flamboyant 
Frangipani 
Red Oleander 
EFTA00727773
--- PAGE 2 ---
#2 Bare Area Behind the Tiki House 
Suggestions: 
Purple Allamanda 
Purple Heart 
EFTA00727774
--- PAGE 3 ---
#3 North East Cliff side 
Suggestions: Sea Grape 
Agave 
Pedilentus/ Devils BackBone 
#4 Middle Ground North East Point 
EFTA00727775
--- PAGE 4 ---
Suggestions: Palms 
Coconut-
Royal-
Flowers 
Oleander 
Hibiscus 
Xora 
Ground Cover 
Grass 
Ground Orchids 
Bromeliads 
#5 Last Bend/ Fort Bed 
EFTA00727776
--- PAGE 5 ---
Suggestions: 
Bleeding Heart 
Red Crina Lily 
Red 
Red Veragated Neo 
Bromeliad 
EFTA00727777

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727778.pdf
----------------------------------------
Spa may project into 
retaining wall area as 
necessary 
Access path to Spa 
from top of main 
Nursery steps 
Little St. James Island 
Proposed Spa Location 
7/15:10 
EFTA00727778

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727779.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
EFTA00727779

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727780.pdf
----------------------------------------
KEEP TERRACE AT 
+56'. SQUARE OFF 
SYMETTICALLY 
PRIMARY CIRCULATION FROM 
MASTER BEDROOM TO LIBRARY 
SECONDARY CIRCULATION FROM 
MASTER BEDROOM TO POOL 
P4d1
PRIMARY CIRCULATION FROM 
MASTER BEDROOM TO KITCHEN 
PRIMARY CIRCULATION FROM 
vIAIN RESIDENCE TO POOL 
tp,o4(frP
?ical t; 
(4KIA 
 Fv-N44
L 
calfr-of 
64, 
EFTA00727780

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727781.pdf
----------------------------------------
MASTER BEDROOM STORAGE 
I BED 
X 87 
BENCH 
X 66 
OTTOMAN 
X 20.5 
NIGHT STANDS 
31.5 X31.5 X 20.5 
ARMOIRES 
X 47 X 99H 
TWIN BEDS 
X 98 
BENCHES (TWIN) 
X 18 X 12H 
ROPE CHAIR 
X 26 X 45H 
ROPE CHAIR STOOL 
I FLOOR MIRROR 
X 64 
I CHEST 
X 20 X I6H 
I COWHIDE BENCH 
33.5 X 15 X 18.5 
I MARBLE TABLE 
X 40 X 31 
I BIG CHAIR (BED FABRIC) 
X 44 X 38H 
STAINLESS GARBAGE CANS 
HORSE LAMP 
19D 
BALL ROPE LAMP 
19D 
CERAMIC LAMP 
19D 
ORANGE TWIN BED CUSHIONS 
W & B CUSHIONS 
LAUNDRY BASKET 
BATHROOM TOWEL SHELF 
MASSAGE TABLES 
UGLY TOWEL RACK 
CONTAINER 1 & 2 ( FLAG HOUSE & OUTDOOR FURNITURE) 
SCONCES 
LARGE OLIVE JARS 
WHITE NIGHT STANDS 
QUEEN WHITE BED 
LARGE PRINTER FILM CARTRIGES 
7FT SOFAS 
SMALLER SOFAS (cca 5.5') 
BIG OTTOMAS 
FULL SIZE ARMCHAIRS 
CORNER CHAIR 
SMALLER SITTING CHAIRS 
SIDE TABLES 
LARGE COFFEE TABLE 
EFTA00727781
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00727782

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727783.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00727783
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00727784
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00727785
--- PAGE 4 ---
tsk. 
_ 
—••••"' 
INDOOR POOL 
BUILDING 
S 
tt 
ir 
MV 
• 
I
EFTA00727786
--- PAGE 5 ---
INDOOR POOL 
BUILDING
EFTA00727787
--- PAGE 6 ---
?fa 
-a •••• • al 
• 
ve
llak
ivoisitt
▪ 
ii 
itan•-
:4
e..,ar 
etes 
> 
a- It 
wee 
ge 
• 
•••' 
-A 
• 
17>S
itai r 
- • 
• 
. 
. I 
L we-if. -•• 
a , _me^. ,-
SCREENING 
ROOM MP! PIN° 
'OW 
dilljr:sat
'lir  L iNat e
leti  
. 
et
• 
- 
a 
era 
r
wil 
, - . 
los .. 
"4
• 
N , 
-ii  
i e. .
. 
A.;,„ 
S. 
.4. 
. 
!
iv 
• 
.
./i
/ 
1.•-• -LNiti 
•-.40 
V I 
.t a-e• 
• 
'V '  ‘V 
fry
-
! 
e 
.. 
4.• 
NC. 
. 
i - 
v 
i .' Welk 
...• 
a 
S 
_. 
,./ I 
04
...ARA 
4, 11 ir...--.
---4 — 4)." er",-,,
M"---...,7461/41--, 4_,H,4 -::14 • —a i r :11
):
Ilt
L:
ag
>
tel°
. 04 
1., t 
r iiir „it- ......, 4:1: affia. 
ff
iltr
" 
.e.- iir 
I lk it. 4: 7  a• 
s _ 
• .. 
4.0.0  -er- N • 
OPP 
.• 
. 
L. Iv-, . ..... 
,....., ., 7* -tet
/ , •.% .14:40. .717„..A.;.
-
`s. 
N'•'.;„' y* . ,.'"‘..7  4,64;+
/-arn."'4 7 :,,, .. pritsitr 
r
d  
' 
k 
. 
' 
i cola 
' - 7
I
ala 
/ 
... 
Wal  
ots 
fr....".
a r
t 
_ 
•+S 
.. 044.* 
' 
• e t
ar
E r 
'4  
% 
S. 
V P 
illi C 
114.4 
.
t  
f 
41P 
- 4 
% 
li
Se. 
tat
:
 4;... 
.. 
I
P
h\
i
ta
;
s>
a 
a 
... 
/4 1%4
/ie
4/ale 
wW4
, etital144 
'
t• - 
.• 
or 
• • 4
Olinh +. 
' " V MS  le lir( 
/ 
Er 
a 
% 
petc 
c 
/ it -- • _ ,..../ 
t 
. 
f..1 
ar • . 
k 
▪ 
1.40--.0r:ir. 
d Plis  war iipricriaert
. 
ellit 
4... A
• 
7- .1 
-
;SRC. _410ai 
40froi 
.1.44 
v..
r aer 
ffalP >
PW
,  
t
sp.
EFTA00727788
--- PAGE 7 ---
SCREENING 
ROOM BUILDING 
. 
• 
• 
- 
- 
• 
- 
••• 
Z
_ 
a -e 
I" se 
, 
• 
-Al 
ear
,
•
la am; 
I 
1:177lasa
sit• 
e 
Sae' 
fte- - 
- 
• . 
INDOOR POOL 
BUILDING 
•••-
ar 
- 
.• . 
4.• de" 
•
4—. 
ow-
soma,  - 
. 
• 
< ••••••••••". • 
k 
- 
'Jr 
40- 
AP-
• 
-5-at 
- - 
Se. 
%to--
' it  
• 
, 
••••• 
_ 
• . 
• 
t 
/ 
• 
l• r
, 
..._ 
... t 'ai.d . 
A 
4.1
.  V. L.
en.  
1-2 
e- • t "PA, 1 
r 
et. 
A. . 
. 
. .,. 
• . ... • 
• 
.
• . 
.' fat i " . 
--- --. • 
- • 
1., .. 
• --
• 
VV. 
_ 
' 
/ • 
AA 
• 4e• • Or 
• AO% 
t r irta.‘,/ 
gale 
, 410,4 a "I 
• 
...ea 
• 
et / 
.1.
1‘• 
• 
e lin, 
-4
"b. 
"c—
eir 
_ 
- 
--- -- 
.. -....-7- ; 
‘
44.........
.• - S
i"..  " ."4•57:c
.----•,--
; --...... •1_ 
: 
_.......... ....„.
..41/4._
- 
-. 
a 
- ...Thimv.... .
.
..
... 
 _ 
-, 
w
ed
( 
"X 
110 00  • 
. 
- -4.
lle4. 
- 
, 
, , 
e.... 
EFTA00727789

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727790.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727790.pdf
----------------------------------------
FA 
MARKZEFF 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
KITCHEN FINISH SPECIFCATIONS 
October 20, 2010 
515 WEST 20TH ST, 4W 
NEW YORK, NY 10011 P 212.624.4004 
F 212.624.4008 
markzeftcom 
EFTA00727790
--- PAGE 2 ---
IA 
MARK ZEFF 
Project Name: 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
Project #: 
LS3-01 
Issue Date: 
Item Number: 
HD-01 
Item Description: SMALL CABINET PULL 
Item Quantity: 
Manufacturer: 
Hafele 
Source: 
Address: 
East 26th 
Address: 
New York, NY 10011-
Phone: 
800# : (800) 423-3531 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
Contact: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
www.hafele.com 
Web: 
Model Number: 
117.05.600 
Model Name: 
SMALL PULL - 146MM 
Dimensions: 
REFER TO CUTSHEET 
Color/Finish: 
STAINLESS STEEL/MATTE FINISH 
Required Item(s) for Designer Approval Prior to Fabrication: 
Seaming Diagram 
Strike-Off 
Finish Sample 
Cutting 
Shop Dwgs 
Prototype 
Flame Certificate 
Instructions: 
• Image is for reference only. 
• All metal to be non-corrosive. 
• Contractor is to assume responsibility for preparing surfaces and using appropriate techniques and 
installation methods as required by manufacturer prior to installation. 
Page 1 
Mark Zeff 515 W 20th St, 4W New York, NY 10011 p 
www.markzeff.com 
HD-01 
EFTA00727791
--- PAGE 3 ---
HAFELE 
Call 1-800-423-3531 anywhere in Canada - www.hafele.com'm 
Stainless Steel Handles 
Threaded Screws 8.32 
Combined slot, suitable for flat 
or cross blades. 
Fnish: steel, yellow chrcmated 
Length 
Cat. No. 
mm 
022.35.109 
mm 
022.35.127 
mm 
022.35.154 
mm 
022.35.181 
mm 
022.35.207 
mm 
022.35.225 
mm 
022.35.234 
mm 
022.35.252 
Paddng: 1000 pcs. 
mm 
022.35.289 
mm 
022.35.305 
mm 
022.35.350 
mm 
022.35.387 
mm 
022.35.403 
mm 
022.35.458 
mm 
022.35.501 
mm 
022.35.520 
mm 
022.35.550 
mm 
022.35.609 
Packing: 500 pcs. 
mm 
022.25.750 
mm 
022.25.800 
mm 
022.25.850 
mm 
022.25.900 
mm 
022.25.950 
100 mm 
022.25.990 
Paddng: 100 pcs. 
_1111041ttl 0 
Threaded Breakoff Screw M4 
Combined slot. suitable for flat 
or cross blades. 
Fnish: steel, zinc-plated 
Length 
Cat. No. 
x 
022.35.887 
Paddng: 100 and 500 pcs. 
Dimensional data not bincirg. 
We resew the right to alter 
specifications without notice. 
Matt 
Matt 
Size A 
Dimension C 
Cat. No. 
146 
117.05.600 
178 
128 
117.05.610 
242 
192 
117.05.620 
274 
224 
117.05.630 
370 
320 
117.05.640 
530 
480 
117.05.650 
722 
672 
117.05.660 
946 
896 
117.05.670 
Packing: 5 and 10 pcs. 
Matt, 3 bases 
Size 
Hole Spacing 
Cat. No. 
A 
C 
C1 
1202 
1152 
576 
117.05.680 
1456 
1408 
704 
117.05.690 
Packhg: 10 pcs. 
Size A 
Dimension B 
Cat. No. 
136 
115.84.001 
168 
128 
115.84.002 
200 
160 
115.84.003 
328 
288 
115.84.004 
Packing: 10 pcs. (M4 25 mm mounting screws itch.) 
Dimensions in mm 
inches are approximate 
EFTA00727792
--- PAGE 4 ---
IA 
MARK ZEFF 
Project Name: LIME SAINT JAMES 
Project #: 
LS3-01 
Issue Date: 
Item Number: 
HD-02 
Item Description: LARGE CABINET PULL 
Item Quantity: 
Manufacturer: 
Hafele 
Source: 
Address: 
East 26th 
Address: 
New York, NY 10011-
Phone: 
800# : (800) 423-3531 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
Contact: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
www.hafele.com 
Web: 
Model Number: 
117.05.660 
Model Name: 
LARGE PULLL - 722MM 
Dimensions: 
REFER TO CUTSHEET 
Color/Finish: 
STAINLESS STEEL/MATTE FINISH 
Required Item(s) for Designer Approval Prior to Fabrication: 
Seaming Diagram 
Strike-Off 
Finish Sample 
Cutting 
Shop Dwgs 
Prototype 
. Flame Certificate 
Instructions: 
• Image is for reference only. 
• All metal to be non-corrosive. 
• Contractor is to assume responsibility for preparing surfaces and using appropriate techniques and 
installation methods as required by manufacturer prior to installation. 
Page 1 
HD-02 
Mark Zeff 515 W 20th St, 4W New York, NY 10011 p 
www.markzeff.com 
EFTA00727793
--- PAGE 5 ---
HAFELE 
Call 1-800-423-3531 anywhere in Canada - www.hafele.com'm 
Stainless Steel Handles 
Threaded Screws 8.32 
Combined slot, suitable for flat 
or cross blades. 
Finish: steel, yellow chrcmated 
Length 
Cat. No. 
mm 
022.35.109 
mm 
022.35.127 
mm 
022.35.154 
mm 
022.35.181 
mm 
022.35.207 
mm 
022.35.225 
mm 
022.35.234 
mm 
022.35.252 
Packing: 1000 pcs. 
mm 
022.35.289 
mm 
022.35.305 
mm 
022.35.350 
mm 
022.35.387 
mm 
022.35.403 
mm 
022.35.458 
mm 
022.35.501 
mm
022.35.520 
mm 
022.35.550 
mm 
022.35.609 
Packing: 500 pcs. 
mm 
022.25.750 
mm 
022.25.800 
mm 
022.25.850 
mm 
022.25.900 
mm 
022.25.950 
100 mm 
022.25.990 
Packing: 100 pcs. 
EDI 
Threaded Breakoff Screw 144 
Combined slot, suitable for flat 
or cross lades. 
Friish: steel, zinc-plated 
Length 
Cat. No. 
1V4- x V.- 
022.35.887 
Packing: 100 and 500 pcs. 
Ctmensonal data not bindr.g. 
We resew the right to alter 
specthcattons without notice. 
Matt 
Size A 
Dimension C 
Cat. No. 
146 
117.05.600 
178 
128 
117.05.610 
242 
192 
117.05.620 
274 
224 
117.05.630 
370 
320 
117.05.640 
530 
480 
117.05.650 
722 
672 
117.05.660 
946 
896 
117.05.670 
Packing: 5 and 10 pcs. 
Matt, 3 bases 
Size 
Hole Spacing 
Cat. No. 
A 
C 
C1 
1202 
1152 
576 
117.05.680 
1456 
1408 
704 
117.05.690 
Packhg: 10 pcs. 
Matt 
Size A 
Dimension B 
Cat. No. 
136 
115.84.001 
168 
128 
115.84.002 
200 
160 
115.84.003 
328 
288 
115.84.004 
Packing: 10 pcs. (M4 25 mm mounting screws incl.) 
Dimensions in mm 
Inches are approximate 
EFTA00727794
--- PAGE 6 ---
Project Name: 
Project #: 
Issue Date: 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
Item Number: 
LS3-01 
Item Description: 
LT-01 
PENDANT LIGHT - KITCHEN 
Item Quantity: 
Manufacturer: 
Restoration Hardware 
Source: 
Address: 
Address: 
Phone: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
Contact: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
www.restorationhardware.com 
Web: 
Description: 
DECORATIVE KITCHEN PENDANT LIGHT FIXTURE 
Model Number: 
Model Name: 
Dimensions: 
Finish: 
Lamp Wattage: 
68070201 
18" KEYNES PRISM SINGLE PENDANT 
18" DIAMETER x 27.5"H 
ALUMINUM 
60W 
Pit 
Required Item(s) for Designer Approval Prior to Fabrication: 
Seaming Diagram 
Strike-Off 
Finish Sample 
Cutting 
Shop Dwgs 
Prototype 
Flame Certificate 
Instructions: 
• The Contractor must coordinate with the manufacturer exact specifications on sockets, lamping, and ADA 
requirements to ensure decorative light fixtures meet all local, state, and federal codes for 
applicable conditions. 
• Property owner is responsible for purchasing and supplying all lamps (bulbs) required for all specified fixtures. tamping 
requirements must not exceed the maximum wattage as specified for each fixture. 
Page 1 
Mark Zeff 515 W 20th St, 4W New York, NY 10011 p 
www.markzeff.com 
LT-01 
EFTA00727795
--- PAGE 7 ---
Project Name: 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
Project #: 
LSJ-01 
Issue Date: 
Item Number: 
LT-02 
Item Description: UNDERCABINET PUCK LIGHT 
Item Quantity: 
Manufacturer: 
Address: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
Lucifer Lighting 
3750 IH•35 North 
San Antonio, TX 78219-
(210) 227-7329 
(210) 227-7329 
www.luciferlighting.com 
Source: 
Address: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
Description: 
Model Number: 
Model Name: 
Dimensions: 
Finish: 
UNDERCABINET PUCK LIGHT FIXTURE 
LPK-12-10-W 
UNLENSED RECESSED PUKLIGHT 
REFER TO CUTSHEET 
WHITE/MATTE 
Required Item(s) for Designer Approval Prior to Fabrication: 
Seaming Diagram 
Strike-Off 
Finish Sample 
Cutting 
Shop Dwgs 
Prototype 
Flame Certificate 
Instructions: 
• The Contractor must coordinate with the manufacturer exact specifications on sockets, lamping, and ADA 
requirements to ensure decorative light fixtures meet all local, state, and federal codes for 
applicable conditions. 
• Property owner is responsible for purchasing and supplying all lamps (bulbs) required for all specified fixtures. Lamping 
requirements must not exceed the maximum wattage as specified for each fixture. 
Page 1 
Mark Zeff 515 W 20th St, 4W New York, NY 10011 p 
www.markzeff.com 
LT-02 
EFTA00727796
--- PAGE 8 ---
PUKLIGHT ®
LENSED 
RECESSED 
SURFACE 
PRODUCT SPECIFICATION 
Catalog No. 
Finish 
Lamp 
LPK-I 2-I0-W 
Matte white 
Quartz halogen. I2v I Ow Max 
LPK-I2-I0-B 
Matte black 
Quartz halogen, I2v I Ow Max 
LPK-I2-I0-C 
Satin chrome 
Quartz halogen. I2v I Ow Max 
LPK-I2-I0-G 
Satin brass 
Quartz halogen. I2v I Ow Max 
(see mverse side for complete list of Pukbght Catalog Nos) 
LOW VOLTAGE 
MINI-DOWNLIGHT 
SIDE 
2.94' (Mem) dtmeur—
Iw 2.26' (37.4tren) clamour - 0•I 
SY 
(IS.0mm) 
AO' (2.23rren) 
UnInsed 
I.20r (305mm) 
Lamed 
E*— 2.72' (A I corn) darnoter 
BOTTOM 
holds no. apart 
OA COM/ —4. 
225" (57.2mm) 
bolt Cltd0 
TOP 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
Low voltage palm-size lighting fixture with unique twist-on lens retainer. 
It can accommodate (I) lens accessory only. A 12v l0w maximum bi-
pin G4 base quartz halogen lamp is standard. Relamping is done from 
front of fixture after 1/4 turn and removal of lens retainer. Fixtme can 
be recessed or surface mounted. Clear or frosted lens available. 
MOUNTING 
If recessed, the fixture is mounted in a hole 2 1/4' in diameter and 5/8" 
deep using three screws through the mounting holes provided. 
MATERIAL 
Housing and him are high temperature injection molded thermoplastic. 
Reflector is plated die cast metal. Lens is tempered glass, Wire is teflon 
coated high temperature stranded wire. 
FINISH 
Matte White 
Matte Black 
Satin Chrome 
Satin Brass 
LUCIER 
Laat-rriNa comowsry 
414 Live Oak Street 
San Antonio. Texas 78202 
Phone 210 227-7329 
FAX 210 227-4967 
www.lutlferlIghtIng.com 
LABEL 
U.L. Listed Class II. File No. E 141044, when ordering a lensed Puklight 
with a plug-in transformer. ETL Listed Class II when ordering a lensed 
PiAlight with a wire•in transformer. 
ELECTRICAL 
Fixture is pre-wired with 18 AWG 200°C wire exiting from the side of 
the fixture. 6' pigtails are provided for easy connections. 
OPTIONS 
Fixture available in ready-to-install kits of I to 6 Puktights. Kits include: 
I Ow quartz halogen lamps and one 12v 60w wire-in or plug-in 
electronic transformer. Transformers are Class II U.L Approved. 
Accessories include black honeycomb louver and colored lenses, Bi•pin 
xenon I2v I Ow maximum lamp in clear or frosted also available. (refer 
to reverse side for ordering information). 
PATENTS 
U.S. and foreign patents. 
O2002 Lucifer Lighting Company 
As part of its policy of continuous research and product development, the 
Company reserves the right to change or withdraw specifications without 
prior notice. 
097 I .0502 
EFTA00727797
--- PAGE 9 ---
PUKLIGHT ®
LENSED 
PHOTOMETRICS - PUKLIGHT with Clear Lens 
PHOTOMETRICS - PUKLIGHT with Frosted Lens 
mu r O. a ...• 
o 
on 
$ 
IC 
as 
is 
II 
It 
4.,
a 
II 
II 
so 
ss 
so 
ss 
II
a 
I 
SO 
ii3421 *Mr! A 
SC • • 
'MO 
On 
I3 
NI3 
443 
IA 
443 
43/ 
I. 
153 
ZS 
H2 
lig 
Ill 
IN 
IS 
$2 
133 
IN 
In 
III 
SA 
ILI 
147 
Lvov San= AC Setaid* Ann o nnanly were& Kong folpso pee nannon .bay. 40•011VCr 
to can
$1011 moilIOSOk.muntenontlqww fa oriel mmeitneninst antis4(ox. 048md (aossalksa icia 
ORDERING 
PUKLIGHT with Clear Lens 
PUKLIGHT CLEAR LENS KITS 
with clear lens, surface mount 
collar, and 12v, I Ow halogen 
lamps 
PUKLIGHT with Frosted Lens 
PUKLIGHT FROSTED LENS 
KITS with frosted lens, surface 
mount collar, and I2v, l0w 
halogen lamps 
LAMP OPTIONS 
ACCESSORIES 
(Louvers and colored lens 
accessories for use with a lensed 
Puldight only) 
Catalog No. 
Desalpdon 
INSTALLATION 
I2V POWER SOURCE 
MOUNTING 
SURFACE 
— 
SURFACE COLLAR 
Oar optional Sorlan 
Mount installation) 
— 
PUKLIGHT MOUSING 
with LAMP 
- 
SCREWS 
— 
TRIM RING 
LENS or 
LOUVER 
— 
LENS RETAINING RING 
LPK-12-10-• 
Recessed Puldight housing, trim ring with clear Sass lens. and 12v l0w halogen lamp 
LPK-SC-12-10-* Surface Puklight housing, trim ring with dear glass lens, surface moult collar. 
and I2v I Ow halogen lamp 
LPKT-I-* 
LPKT-2-* 
LPKT-3-* 
LPKT-4-* 
LPKT-5-* 
LPKT-6-* 
I fixture & 
fixtures & 
fixtures & 
fixtures & 
fixtures & 
fudures & 
12v 60w wire-in electronic transformer 
Note: To substitute f 2v 50w piag,in elearonk tronsfeinler, use LPICP prefix instead of LPKT prep 
FPK-12-10-* 
Recessed Puldight housing, trim ring with frosted glass lens and 12v l0w halogen lamp 
EPIC-SC-12-10-* Surface Puklight housing, trim ring with frosted glass lens, surface mount collar. and 
12v l0w halogen lamp 
12v 60w wire-in electronic transformer 
12v 60w wire-in electronic transformer 
12v 60w wire-in electronic transformer 
12v 60w wire-in electronic transformer 
12v 60w wire-in electronic transformer 
FPKT-I-* 
FPKT-2-* 
FPKT-3-* 
FPKT-4-* 
FPKT-5-* 
FPKT-6-* 
12-05-XH-** 
12-10-XH-** 
FGL-3 
CGL-3 
HCL-3 
GL-B 
GL-G 
GL-R 
WMC-1110 
WC-I/10 
W-I8/2-10 
I future & 
Mures & 
factures & 
fixtures & 
fixtures & 
fixtures & 
12v 60w wire-in electronic transformer 
Note: To substitute f 2v 60w piag,in elearonk transiently use FPICP prefix instead of FPKT prefix 
volt 5 watt, bi-pin xenon lamp 
volt 10 watt, bi-pin xenon lamp 
Frosted glass lens 
Clear glass lens 
Honeycomb louver (black) - 45° glare cut off 
Glass lens - blue 
Glass lens - green 
Glass lens - red 
12v 60w wire-in electronic transformer 
12v 60w wire-in electronic transformer 
12v 60w wire-in electronic transformer 
12v 60w wire-in electronic transformer 
12v 60w wire-in electronic transformer 
Wire moulting dip - to fasten wire to wall or surface - 10 per pack 
Wire connector and splice adapter - 10 per pack 
Installation wire - 18 gauge/2 conductors - 10 ft. length 
• Sperjf, air cob/ pet catabp number: W • Matte whore 
B • Moue Ina& 
C Senn chrome 
G. Soon brass 
•• Specify: a • CS, FR • frosted 
EFTA00727798
--- PAGE 10 ---
PUKL IGHT° 
LENSED & UNLENSED 
INSTALLATION 
Before beginning any PVIBLICI4T 
installation, disconnect electrical power 
at a main switch or circuit breaker. 
LIGHTED LAMP IS HOT! 
To reduce the risk of FIRE, BURNS. and 
EYE DAMAGE 
I. Read all instructions before attempting 
any installation. 
2. Disconnect and allow to cool for at 
least 5 minutes before replacing bulb. 
3. Bulb gets HOT quickly! Be sure the 
power is off when relamping. 
4. Do not touch hot lens, louver, or 
enclosure. 
5. Do not direct light at persons. 
6. Do not look directly at lighted bulb. 
7. Keep lamp away from curtains. 
draperies, and similar materials. 
8. Use only with a 10 watt or smaller 
bulb. 
9. Do not touch the bulb at any time. 
Use a soft cloth. Oil from skin may 
damage bulb integrity. 
10. The lensed fixture is provided with a 
glass lens or louver to protect the 
user from the excessive heat of the 
bulb and from particles of glass should 
bulb rupture occur. To reduce the risk 
of burns, do not operate the lamp 
without the lens or louver secured in 
place. Damaged glass lens or louver 
should be replaced before the lamp is 
used. 
II. Use the following formula to 
determine die total number of fixtures 
that can be connected to each 
transformer: 
W 
OF 
T
WF 
Round dorm to the nearest whole make 
Where PE . Total quantity of Palmerton' translomm 
WT 
Wattage rating of transform.,
Wattage of lades per finale 
(maximum wattage per fixture e IC MRS: 
EXNAITILE. 
WT. 60 watts 
VP- IP watts 
Asv 
Or. n
.6 Axioms 
law 
mown% down tt the news 
NUM( 
maximum of six finites ler the/enmity* 
LAMP SELECTION. PUKLIGHT is a 
low voltage lighting fixture designed to 
operate with a 12-volt power supply only. 
Use only with a I2-volt bare halogen lamp. 
watts maximum. 
POWER SOURCE. The power supply 
is typically a remote 12-volt transformer 
which is installed between the 120-volt 
electrical supply and the PUKLIGHT. 
O 
PUKUGHT IS UL LISTED WHEN 
LENSED AND USED WITH PLUG-
IN TRANSFORMER. 
PUKUGHT IS En LISTED WHEN 
LENSED AND USED WITH PLUG-
IN OR HARD-WIRE 
TRANSFORMER 
SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS. 
LUCIFER 
LENSED PUKLIGHT 
FLUSH OR SURFACE MOUNT 
INSTALLATION 
I. Follow WARNINGS and 
Technical Information on 
Lamping and Wiring (see 
reverse side). 
2. If recessed, cut a hole in 
MOUNTING SURFACE 
IN' (57mm) in diameter 
(see template). 
3. Remove LENS RETAINING 
RING with LENS or LOUVER 
by rotating counterclockwise 
114 turn. 
4. Remove the TRIM RING from 
the PUKLIGHT by gently 
prying the prongs from their 
slots. 
S. OPTION: for surface mount 
installation. slide the 
SURFACE COLLAR over the 
PUKLIGHT housing. 
6. Using the 3 screws provided. 
anchor the PUKLIGHT (and 
SURFACE COLLAR) to the 
MOUNTING SURFACE. 
7. Reaffix the TRIM RING by 
gently snapping into place. 
8. Replace LENS RETAINING 
RING and LENS or LOUVER 
to the PUKUGHT HOUSING 
and secure by rotating 114 
cam clockwise. 
NOTE: 
For lamp installation. refer to 
Technical Information-Lamping 
(see reverse side) 
e- Th
I2V POWER SOURCE 
MOUNTING 
SURFACE 
SURFACE COLLAR 
(for optional Surface 
Mount Installation) 
PUKLIGHT NOUSrhic 
with LAMP 
SCREWS 
TRIM RING 
LENS or 
LOUVER 
LENS RETAINING RING 
LIGHTING COMPANY 
EFTA00727799
--- PAGE 11 ---
UNLENSED PUKUGHT 
FLUSH OR SURFACE MOUNT 
INSTALLATION 
I. Follow WARNINGS and 
Technical Information on 
Lamping and Wiring (see 
reverse side). 
2. If recessed, cut a hole in 
MOUNTING SURFACE 
lee (S7mtn) in diameter 
(see template). 
3. Remove the TRIM RING from 
the PUKLIGHT by gently 
prying the prongs from their 
slots. 
4. OPTION: for surface mount 
installation. slide the 
SURFACE COLLAR over the 
PUKLIGHT housing. 
S. Using the 3 screws provided. 
anchor the PUKLIGHT (ond 
SURFACE COLLAR) to the 
MOUNTING SURFACE. 
6. Reaffix the TRIM RING by 
gently snapping into place. 
NOTE: 
For lamp installation. refer to 
Technical Information-Lamping 
(see reverse side) 
Inv POWER SOURCE 
CEILING 
ACCESSORY RING 
(for optional Surface 
mount installation) 
PUKLIGITT 
SCREWS 
TRIM RING 
Hole template for 
FLUSH MOUNT 
1/4" (57 mm) 
TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
LAMPING. Remove LENS RETAINING 
RING (unless UNLENSED) with LENS or 
LOUVER by rotating counterclockwise 1/4 
turn. Trim need not be removed for 
relamping. Use tissue or soft cloth for 
inserting lamp. Hand contact with lamp 
diminishes lamp life. Be sure power Is off 
and allow lamp to cool at least 5 minutes 
before relamping. 
WIRING. LENSED PUKLIGHT is a UL 
Usted. Class II, low voltage lighting fixture 
when used with a plug-in transformer. It is 
ETL Usted. Class II, when used with a plug-
in or hardwire transformer. It is designed 
to work with a 12-Volt power supply only. 
Use only with a 12-Volt 10-Watt lamp 
maximum. A typical Installation requires a 
transformer between the 120-Volt 
electrical supply and the Puklight fixture. 
When Puldights are installed alone or in 
tandem, the power supply (I.e.. 
transformer in typical installation) must be 
protected with an in-line circuit breaker or 
fuse that Is properly sized to load. Lucifer 
transformer models ET60-12 and ETI50-
(hardwire) and ETP60-12 (plug-in) have 
built-in short circuit protection. 
An Installation using from I to 6 Puklights. 
watts each, requires a 60-watt 
transformer, 18 gauge wire no more than 
feet In length and fuse or circuit breaker. 
Consult an electrical engineer if more than 
Puklights are to be Installed In multiple 
fused circuits. See diagram for connection 
and fusing below: 
PUKLIGHT SINGLE UNIT 
DIMMING. PUKUGHT may be dimmed 
through use of appropriate controls 
installed in the primary circuit of the 
transformer. All transformers must have 
clean voltage wave shapes applied to them 
to prevent overheating and burn-out. 
Standard household-type dimmers which 
phase-dip the voltage wave will burn out 
both the transformer and the dimmer. 
WARNING: Co not use incandescent or 
fluorescent dimmers with PUNLIGHTI 
Use only dimmers expressly identified 
for dimming law voltage magnetic 
transformers. 
WARNING: PUKUGHT WHEN LIT WITH 
HALOGEN LAMP IS EXTREMELY HOW 
To avoid risk of fire, burns and eye 
damage: 
1. Do not touch lamp when lit: do not 
direct light at persons and do not 
look directly at lighted lamp. 
2. Disconnect and allow fixture to cool 
at least 5 minutes before replacing 
lamp. 
3. Do not place fixture near curtains, 
draperies and in unventilated or 
confined areas. 
120401(ntni awn 9waNtnen 
12400eatial 
PUKLIGHT 
N TANDEM 
1111Wilar 
120•Vali:Waft boa tagwatwa 
12•Val Sofeedan 
IPAMWOPM. 
tomanixnalt peon image.. Nnea amtnel 
Inv+. aspant wad to swap Warn/WM 
LUCIFER 
LIGHTING COMPANY 
/DOM 
al/WANT 
NJ Warn. Ilxal Strenlat, 
37501H35 North 
San Antonio, Texas 78219 
Phone 12101 227-7329 
Fax (2101227.4967 
EFTA00727800
--- PAGE 12 ---
Project Name: 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
Project #: 
LS3-01 
Issue Date: 
Item Number: 
LT-03 
Item Description: CEILING FAN 
Item Quantity: 
Manufacturer: 
TBD 
Address: 
Source: 
Address: 
Phone: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
Contact: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
Web: 
Description: 
CEILING FAN FOR KITCHEN - TBD, AWAITING CLIENT DECISION ON FANS 
PRESENTED 
Required Item(s) for Designer Approval Prior to Fabrication: 
Seaming Diagram 
Strike-Off 
Finish Sample 
Cutting 
Shop Dwgs 
Prototype 
Flame Certificate 
Instructions: 
• The Contractor must coordinate with the manufacturer exact specifications on sockets, lamping, and ADA 
requirements to ensure decorative light fixtures meet all local, state, and federal codes for 
applicable conditions. 
• Property owner is responsible for purchasing and supplying all lamps (bulbs) required for all specified fixtures. Lamping 
requirements must not exceed the maximum wattage as specified for each fixture. 
Page 1 
Mark Zeff 515 W 20th St, 4W New York, NY 10011 p 
www.markzeff.com 
LT-03 
EFTA00727801
--- PAGE 13 ---
Project Name: 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
Project #: 
LSJ-01 
Issue Date: 
Item Number: 
P-01 
Item Description: DOUBLE BASIN SINK 
Manufacturer: 
Franke Consumer Products, Inc. 
Source: 
By GC 
Address: 
Address: 
3050 Campus Drive, Suite 500 
Hatfield, PA 19440-
Phone: 
(800) 626.5771 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
Contact: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
www.frankeconsumerproducts.com 
Web: 
Product: 
ARX12031 
Color/Finish: 
STAINLESS STEEL 
Size/Dimensions: 
REFER TO CUTSHEET 
Required Item(s) for Designer Approval Prior to Fabrication: 
Seaming Diagram 
Strike-Off 
Finish Sample 
Cutting 
Shop Dwgs 
Prototype 
Flame Certificate 
Instructions: 
• Image is for reference only. 
• Owner must be provided with manual, installation guidelines, and maintenance instructions in addition to warranties if 
applicable. 
• All metal to be non-corrosive. 
• Contractor is to assume responsibility for preparing surfaces and using appropriate techniques and 
installation methods as required by manufacturer prior to installation. 
Page 1 
Mark Zeff 515 W 20th St, 4W New York, NY 10011 p 
www.markzeff.com 
P-01 
EFTA00727802
--- PAGE 14 ---
Pri in Product 
http://www.frankeksd.com/printproduct.plip?prodid=738 
Er= 
gholm 
more Franke choices 
Zi 
i 
Pt, 
reigning ya 11001 F81.362482-XS.IB 
ffP.57➢0 
Alignunt (Sart suit, )t 
ARX12031 
Scala yaw art ,oma out inlhickety? imagne a Caning), 
saki sugars or retrial aro. Mbxgraktb.a atilLS WILJI 
PO uriquOvay at ',Cu gapar0 6:03 OM Man ..43 
id/enscame ea: 33' 
Salm Olmansiont: 38 ST 17" 
IL 8 VC 
tnerlor ClininskaK: sr witriexVx0 Ire• 
Accotoriu 
V 
I of I 
10/20/2010 1:56 PM
EFTA00727803
--- PAGE 15 ---
Project Name: LIME SAINT JAMES 
Project #: 
LS3-01 
Issue Date: 
Item Number: 
P-01A 
Item Description: PULL OUT FAUCET 
Manufacturer: 
Grohe 
Source: 
Address: 
241 Covington Drive 
Address: 
Bloomingdale, IL 60108-
Phone: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
Alan Taranto 
Contact: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
www.grohe.com 
Web: 
Product: 
33759 SDO 
Color/Finish: 
STAINLESS STEEL 
Size/Dimensions: 
REFER TO CUTSHEET 
Required Item(s) for Designer Approval Prior to Fabrication: 
Seaming Diagram 
Strike-Off 
Finish Sample 
Cutting 
Shop Dwgs 
Prototype 
Flame Certificate 
Instructions: 
• Image is for reference only. 
• Owner must be provided with manual, installation guidelines, and maintenance instructions in addition to warranties if 
applicable. 
• All metal to be non-corrosive. 
• Contractor is to assume responsibility for preparing surfaces and using appropriate techniques and 
installation methods as required by manufacturer prior to installation. 
Page 1 
Mark Zeff 515 W 20th St, 4W New York, NY 10011 p 
www.markzeff.com 
P-01A 
EFTA00727804
--- PAGE 16 ---
' 
Ladylux Plus 
759 High Profile Pull Out 
Description
GROHE 
. . 
• „T.; 
Single-Handle Kitchen Pull-out 
GROHE RealSteele stainless steel contruction 
360, swivel spout 
Dual spray control-switches back and forth between 
regular flow and spray 
SpeedClean anti-lime system 
Ceramic cartridge 
56" extractable hose 
1/8" spout reach 
Quick installation system 
Stainless steel braided flexible supplies 
Integral check valves 
Single hole installation 
Installation note: For full handle movement when 
mounted in front of a wall or backsplash, this faucet 
must be installed with no less than 3 1/4" of clearance 
between the faucet and backsplash or wall, unless the 
faucet is installed with the handle facing forward 
(handle oppposite the wall). 
IAPMO File #1750 
Flow Rate 
2.2 gpm at 60 psi, 
2.5 gpm at 80 psi (9.5 Ipm) 
Code Compliance 
ASME/ANSI A112.18.1M 
ANSI/NSF Standard 61 
ADA Compliant 
Finish Options 
759 SDO Stainless Steel 
759 KDO Stainless Steel/Black 
GROHE America, Inc 241 Covington Drive, Bloomingdale, IL 60108 630-582-7711 Fax:630-582-7722 
GROHE Canada, Inc 1230 Lakeshore Road East, Mississauga, Ontario Canada L5E 1E9 905.271.2929 Fax:905.271.9494 
EFTA00727805
--- PAGE 17 ---
Project Name: 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
Project #: 
LSJ-01 
Issue Date: 
Item Number: 
P-02 
Item Description: SINGLE BASIN SINK 
Manufacturer: 
Franke Consumer Products, Inc. 
Source: 
By GC 
Address: 
Address: 
3050 Campus Drive, Suite 500 
Hatfield, PA 19440-
Phone: 
(800) 626.5771 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
Contact: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
www.frankeconsumerproducts.com 
Web: 
Product: 
PSX1103012/16 
Color/Finish: 
STAINLESS STEEL 
Size/Dimensions: 
REFER TO CUTSHEET 
Required Item(s) for Designer Approval Prior to Fabrication: 
Seaming Diagram 
Strike-Off 
Finish Sample 
Cutting 
Shop Dwgs 
Prototype 
Flame Certificate 
Instructions: 
• Image is for reference only. 
• Owner must be provided with manual, installation guidelines, and maintenance instructions in addition to warranties if 
applicable. 
• All metal to be non-corrosive. 
• Contractor is to assume responsibility for preparing surfaces and using appropriate techniques and 
installation methods as required by manufacturer prior to installation. 
Page 1 
Mark Zeff 515 W 20th St, 4W New York, NY 10011 p 
www.marlczeff.com 
P-02 
EFTA00727806
--- PAGE 18 ---
Print Product 
hnp://www.frankcksd.comfprintproduct.php?prodid=130
FRANKE 
more hake choices... 
PSX1203not 
P3X1203Moti 
hr.„.. b 
PSX110309/16, PSX1103012/16 
If x. auras% (carat laical is forty. a ProSmovi 
Straw., a rid Virg $1..R cortrona gab aria 
and wry droo to emormodete to tuky anneal81a 
wows cas 
Claua: 16 
illeaum Coale Sa: 
take 1:11anais:: 391.t m18 1ff x9 ltlrw It 7116 
Marla Damao:: 31 1.2* x 10 1/2' xi) VW xw.11 
NIB 
Accessories 
Ct+ 
1.530455P PS3036C 
of 1 
10/20/2010 1:58 PM
EFTA00727807
--- PAGE 19 ---
Project Name: 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
Project #: 
LSJ-01 
Issue Date: 
Item Number: 
P-03 
Item Description: POT FILLER 
Manufacturer: 
Grohe 
Source: 
Address: 
241 Covington Drive 
Address: 
Bloomingdale, IL 60108-
Phone: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
Alan Taranto 
Contact: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
www.grohe.com 
Web: 
Product: 
31041 SOO 
Color/Finish: 
STAINLESS STEEL 
Size/Dimensions: 
REFER TO CUTSHEET 
Required Item(s) for Designer Approval Prior to Fabrication: 
Seaming Diagram 
Strike-Off 
Finish Sample 
Cutting 
Shop Dwgs 
Prototype 
Flame Certificate 
Instructions: 
• Image is for reference only. 
• Owner must be provided with manual, installation guidelines, and maintenance instructions in addition to warranties if 
applicable. 
• All metal to be non-corrosive. 
• Contractor is to assume responsibility for preparing surfaces and using appropriate techniques and 
installation methods as required by manufacturer prior to installation. 
Page 1 
Mark Zeff 515 W 20th St, 4W New York, NY 10011 p 
www.markzeff.com 
P-03 
EFTA00727808
--- PAGE 20 ---
041 Wall Mount Pot Filler 
GROH E 
„T... 
Description
GROHE RealSteele Stainless Steel Construction 
20" jointed swing spout 
Two 1/4-turn shut-off valves located at wall and 
outlet 
GROHE SilkMove® ceramic cartridges 
Double O-ring seal and bearing joints 
Anti-rotation wall flange 
Single-hole installation, cold water only 
Flow Rate 
2.2 at 60 psi, 2.5 at 80 psi (9.5 Ipm) 
Code Compliance 
ASME/ANSI A112.18.1M 
ANSI/NSF Standard 61 
Finish Options 
041 SDO Stainless Steel 
GROHE America, Inc 241 Covington Drive, Bloomingdale, IL 60108 630-582-7711 Fax:630-582-7722 
GROHE Canada, Inc 1230 Lakeshore Road East, Mississauga, Ontario Canada LSE 1E9 905.271.2929 Fax:905.271.9494 
EFTA00727809
--- PAGE 21 ---
Project Name: 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
Project #: 
LSJ -01 
Issue Date: 
Item Number: 
PT-01 
Item Description: SUPER WHITE, FLAT 
Manufacturer: 
Benjamin Moore 
Source: 
Address: 
101 Paragon Drive 
Address: 
Montvale, NJ 07645-
Phone: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
Rodger Lippman 
Contact: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
www.benjaminmoore.com 
Web: 
Product: 
BENJAMIN MOORE SUPER WHITE 
Color/Finish: 
FLAT FINISH 
Notes: 
LOCATION: KITCHEN WALL AND CEILING PAINT 
Required Item(s) for Designer Approval Prior to Fabrication: 
Seaming Diagram 
Strike-Off 
V Finish Sample 
Cutting 
Shop Dwgs 
Prototype 
Flame Certificate 
Instructions: 
• Image is for reference only. 
• Contractor is to assume responsibility for preparing surfaces and using appropriate techniques and 
installation methods as required by manufacturer prior to installation. 
• All paint finishes to be low odor and low VOC when possible. 
• Primer to be applied to substrate to prepare it for subsequent finish coats. Contractor to consult paint manufacturer for 
proper primer recommendations. 
Page 1 
Mark Zeff 515 W 20th St, 4W New York, NY 10011 p 
www.markzeff.com 
PT-01 
EFTA00727810
--- PAGE 22 ---
Project Name: 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
Project #: 
LSJ -01 
Issue Date: 
Item Number: 
PT-02 
Item Description: SUPER WHITE, SEMI-GLOSS 
Manufacturer: 
Benjamin Moore 
Source: 
Address: 
101 Paragon Drive 
Address: 
Montvale, NJ 07645-
Phone: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
Rodger Lippman 
Contact: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
www.benjaminmoore.com 
Web: 
Product: 
BENJAMIN MOORE SUPER WHITE 
Color/Finish: 
SEMI GLOSS FINISH 
Notes: 
LOCATION: KITCHEN000R & TRIM PAINT 
Required Item(s) for Designer Approval Prior to Fabrication: 
Seaming Diagram 
Strike-Off 
V Finish Sample 
Cutting 
Shop Dwgs 
Prototype 
Flame Certificate 
Instructions: 
• Image is for reference only. 
• Contractor is to assume responsibility for preparing surfaces and using appropriate techniques and 
installation methods as required by manufacturer prior to installation. 
• All paint finishes to be low odor and low VOC when possible. 
• Primer to be applied to substrate to prepare it for subsequent finish coats. Contractor to consult paint manufacturer for 
proper primer recommendations. 
Page 1 
Mark Zeff 515 W 20th St, 4W New York, NY 10011 p 
www.markzeff.com 
PT-02 
EFTA00727811
--- PAGE 23 ---
Project Name: 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
Project #: 
LSJ-01 
Issue Date: 
Item Number: 
SF-01 
Item Description: CHANTILLY LACE LACQUER 
Manufacturer: 
Benjamin Moore 
Source: 
Address: 
101 Paragon Drive 
Address: 
Montvale, NJ 07645-
Phone: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
Rodger Lippman 
Contact: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
www.benjaminmoore.com 
Web: 
Product: 
HIGH GLOSS LACQUER 
Color/Finish: 
TO MATCH BENJAMIN MOORE #2121.70 CHANTILLY LACE 
Notes: 
LOCATION: KITCHEN CABINET EXTERIOR 
Benjamin Moore 
Chantilly Lace 2121-70 
Required Item(s) for Designer Approval Prior to Fabrication: 
Seaming Diagram 
Strike-Off 
V Finish Sample 
Cutting 
Shop Dwgs 
Prototype 
Flame Certificate 
Page 1 
Mark Zeff 515 W 20th St, 4W New York, NY 10011 p 
www.markzeff.com 
SF-01 
EFTA00727812
--- PAGE 24 ---
Project Name: LIME SAINT JAMES 
Project #: 
LS3-01 
Issue Date: 
Item Number: 
ST-02 
Item Description: QUARTZ SURFACING 
Manufacturer: 
CaesarStone 
Source: 
CaesarStone 
Address: 
36-16 19th Ave 
Address: 
36-16 19th Ave 
Astoria, NY 11105- 
Astoria, NY 11105-
Phone: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
Renee Pecquex 
Contact: 
Renee Pecquex 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
www.caesarstoneus.com 
Web: 
www.caesarstoneus.com 
Product: 
3141 
Color/Finish: 
EGGSHELL POLISHED 
Size/Dimensions: 
1/4" THICK, SQUARE EDGE 
Notes: 
LOCATION: COUNTERTOP AND BACKSRASH 
Required Item(s) for Designer Approval Prior to Fabrication: 
Seaming Diagram 
Strike-Off 
V Finish Sample 
Cutting 
Shop Dwgs 
Prototype 
Flame Certificate 
Instructions: 
• Image is for reference only. 
• Owner must be provided with manual, installation guidelines, and maintenance instructions in addition to warranties if 
applicable. 
Page 1 
Mark Zeff 515 W 20th St, 4W New York, NY 10011 p 
www.markzeff.com 
ST-02 
EFTA00727813
--- PAGE 25 ---
CRaesarstone 
Quartz Surfaces 
GUIDE SPECIFICATION 
CaesarStone® is a quartz-based fabricated stone which can be used for attractive and functional 
countertops, shower and tub surrounds, interior wall cladding, and other interior applications. 
Compared to natural stone surfacing, CaesarStone offers many attractive advantages including 
greater strength, wear resistance, ease of handling, and a unique aesthetic character. 
Edit this guide specification according to Project requirements. Samples, product literature, and 
design assistance are available by contacting CaesarStone at 877-978-2789 or by visiting 
caesarstoneus.com. Since fabrication and installation of CaesarStone is similar to that of natural 
stone, publications such as the Marble Institute of America's Dimension Stone Design Manual 
can also be consulted. 
SECTION 06 61 19 - QUARTZ SURFACING FABRICATIONS 
SECTION 12 36 61 - QUARTZ SURFACING COUNTERTOPS 
1.01 SUMMARY 
PART 1 GENERAL 
Coordinate following with terminology used to identify CaesarStone on Drawings. In most 
instances, CaesarStone should be called-out as "Quartz Surfacing". 
A. Section Includes: [Quartz surfacing] [Engineered stone] [Stone] for: 
1. Countertops. 
2. Interior [wainscoats] [and] [wall cladding]. 
3. [Shower] [and] [bath] enclosures. 
4. f 
 .1 
5. Other interior applications as shown on Drawings. 
B. Related Sections: 
See CaesarStone product data for additional guidelines for substrates. 
1. Section [06 20 00 — Finish Carpentry:] [06 40 00 - Architectural Woodwork:] [09 20 00 
— Plaster and Gypsum Board:]1 
 -  
:] Provide framing 
and blocking to support quartz surfacing within specified tolerances and in accordance 
with manufacturer's instructions. 
Retain the following, for example, where a CaesarStone countertop is used with a backsplash of 
a different material, or where a sink set into a CaesarStone countertop. 
2. Section [07 92 00 - Joint Sealers:] F 
:] Sealers 
between quartz surfacing and work of other Sections [which are not specified in this 
Section]. 
Vernon 3.1. Scplanba 24. 3107 
EFTA00727814
--- PAGE 26 ---
CRaesarstone 
Quartz Surfaces 
GUIDE SPECIFICATION 
CaesarStone can be used as partitions for toilet and shower compartments. Contact 
CaesarStone for information. 
3. Section [10 21 13 - Stone Toilet Compartments] [10 21 16 - Stone Shower and 
Dressing Compartments] f 
:] Quartz surfacing 
used as toilet room partitions. 
Templates may be required for sinks and plumbing trim, stove tops, hardware, etc. 
4. Templates showing cutouts required for installation of items installed on or penetrating 
through quartz surfacing shall be provided under Sections where items are specified. 
[Indicate if [sink] [and] [lavatory] cutouts are for top-mount or undercabinet installation.] 
1.02 REFERENCES 
A. ASTM International: 
1. ASTM C97 
— Absorption and Bulk Specific Gravity of Dimension Stone. 
2. ASTM C99 
— Modulus of Rupture of Dimension Stone. 
3. ASTM C170 — Compressive Strength of Dimension Stone. 
4. ASTM C217 — Weather Resistance of Slate. 
5. ASTM C482 — Bond Strength of Ceramic Tile to Portland Cement. 
6. ASTM C484 — Thermal Shock Resistance of Glazed Ceramic Tile. 
7. ASTM C501 — Relative Resistance to Wear of Unglazed Ceramic Tile by the Taber 
Abraser. 
8. ASTM C531 — Linear Shrinkage and Coefficient of Thermal Expansion of Chemical-
Resistant Mortars, Grouts, Monolithic Surfacings, and Polymer 
Concretes. 
9. ASTM C880 — Flexural Strength of Dimension Stone. 
10.ASTM C1028 - Static Coefficient of Friction of Ceramic Tile and Other Like Surfaces 
by the Horizontal Dynamometer Pull-Meter Method. 
11.ASTM D256 — Izod Pendulum Impact Resistance of Plastics. 
12.ASTM D2047 - Static Coefficient of Friction of Polish-Coated Floor Surfaces by the 
James Machine. 
13.ASTM D2299 
— Relative Stain Resistance of Plastics. 
14.ASTM E84 
- Surface Burning Characteristics of Building Materials. 
B. International Organization for Standardization: 
1. ISO 9002 
— Quality systems -- Model for Quality Assurance in Production, 
Installation and Servicing. 
2. ISO 14001 
— Environmental Management Systems 
3. NSF 
1.03 SUBMITTALS 
A. Product Data: 
1. Quartz Surfacing: Submit manufacturer's product data, [sample warranty form,] and 
fabrication and installation instructions. 
2. Accessories: Submit manufacturer's product data and installation instructions. 
Vernon 3.1. Seine:tea 24. 3107 
EFTA00727815
--- PAGE 27 ---
Ucaesarstone 
Quartz Surfaces 
GUIDE SPECIFICATION 
B. Shop Drawings: Show field-verified dimensions, quartz surfacing dimensions, locations 
and dimensions of cutouts, required locations of support and blocking members, edge 
profiles, and installation details and methods. Identify color[s] and finish[es]. 
C. Samples: 
Coordinate Subparagraphs 1. and 2. with the color specifications in Part 2 — Products. 
1. [Samples for Color Selection: Submit [two] 
standard colors and finishes.] 
2. Samples for Color Approval: Submit [two] [ 
samples 10 x 10 inches (250 x 
250 mm) of [each] color and finish selected. 
3. Stone Adhesive: Submit [two][ 
 samples of an adhesive joint for [each] 
color quartz surfacing selected. Show color match of adhesive. 
sets of manufacturer's 
D. Fabricator Qualifications: Submit evidence of fabricator's qualifications. 
E. Closeout Submittals: Submit completed warranty form. 
1.04 DELIVERY, STORAGE, AND HANDLING 
A. Packaging, Shipping, Handling, and Unloading: Observe manufacturer's 
recommendations and handle in manner to prevent breakage or damage. Brace parts if 
necessary. Transport in the near-vertical position with finished face toward finished face. 
Do not allow finished surfaces to rub during shipping or handling. 
B. Storage and Protection: Store in racks in near-vertical position. Prevent warpage and 
breakage. Store inside away from direct exposure to sun. Store between 25 and 130 QF (-
and 54 QC). Store with finished face toward finished face. 
1.05 WARRANTY 
The following is available on single-family residences only and requires use of manufacturer-
certified fabricator. 
A. Provide manufacturer's ten-year limited warranty against product defects when fabricated 
and installed by a CaesarStone certified fabricator. 
Vernon 3.1. Scplanba 24. 3107 
EFTA00727816
--- PAGE 28 ---
Ucaesarstone 
Quartz Surfaces 
PART 2 PRODUCT 
GUIDE SPECIFICATION 
2.01 MANUFACTURERS 
A. Qualifications: Manufacturer shall be ISO 9002 and ISO 14001 certified. 
B. Acceptable Manufacturer: Provide CaesarStone Quartz Surfacing distributed by U.S. 
Quartz Products Inc (CaesarStone U.S.A., Inc.); Van Nuys, CA; phone 877-9-QUARTZ; 
www.caesarstoneus.com. 
The following product is included as a convenience to specifiers who require multiple suppliers. 
It is not warranted or recommended by CaesarStone. 
C. Substitutions: Zodiaq manufactured by DuPont may be substituted in accordance with 
[Instructions to Bidders.] [Section 01 25 00 - Substitution Procedures.] 
2.02 QUARTZ SURFACING 
A. Composition: 93 percent crushed quartz aggregate combined with resins and pigments 
and fabricated into slabs using a vacuum vibro-compaction process. 
CaesarStone can be fabricated in larger sized pieces due to its superior flexural strength 
compared to natural stone. This may reduce the number of joints in an installation and permit 
more economical and better looking jobs. It may also allow the use of thinner material, 
producing additional economies and weight reductions. 
Thickness: 3/4" is the minimum recommended for countertops; use 1-1/4" material when greater 
strength or thicker edges are required. 
Size: If the extra width is required, consult CaesarStone before specifying to assure availability. 
B. Dimensions: 
1. Thickness: Nominal [3/4 inch (20 mm)] (1-1/4 inches (30 mm)] [As shown on 
Drawings.] 
2. Size: Slabs shall be not less than [56.5 x 120 inches (1.44 x 3.05 m)] to minimize 
number of joints in installation. 
The back of each slab of CaesarStone is imprinted with a trademarked zigzag pattern to simplify 
jobsite identification. 
C. Identification: Material shall be labeled with batch number and imprinted on back with 
manufacturer's identifying mark. 
D. Performance: 
1. Flexural Strength: 7,420 psi, ASTM C880. 
2. Compressive Strength: ASTM C-170 
a. Dry: 10,430 psi average. 
Vernon 3.1. September 24. 3107 
EFTA00727817
--- PAGE 29 ---
CRaesarstone 
Quartz Surfaces 
GUIDE SPECIFICATION 
b. Wet: 11,265 psi average. 
3. Izod Impact Strength: 0.361ft. lbsJinch of notch average; ASTM D256. 
4. Bond Strength: 205 psi; ASTM C482 modified. 
5. Modulus of Rupture: 2,110 average, ASTM C99. 
6. Mohs Hardness: 6.5-7.5; scratch test. 
7. Absorption: 0.022%; ASTM C97. 
8. Stain and Acid Resistance: Not affected; ASTM D2299. 
9. Surface Burning Characteristics: Flame spread = 10, smoke density = 195; ASTM 
E84. 
10. Thermal Shock Resistance: Passes 5 cycles, 75°F-295°F; ASTM C484. 
11. Coefficient of Thermal Expansion: 1.36x1O inch per °F.; ASTM C531. 
12. Weathering Resistance: Not affected after seven days in 1% sulfuric acid; ASTM 
C217. 
13. Freeze-Thaw Resistance: No visible damage or discoloration after 25 cycles (-45°C to 
23°C); S.L.P. with ASTM C62 as guide. 
14. Wear Resistance: 36.12 gram average; ASTM C501, tested with 1 kg. load, 1000 
cycles at 70 r.p.m. 
The static coefficient of friction, below, is important for traffic-bearing surfaces and can be 
deleted when specifying other applications. 
15. Static Coefficient of Friction: 
a. Polished Finish: 0.68 average by ASTM D2047, James Machine; 0.87 average 
(dry) and 0.54 average (wet) by ASTM C1028, Dynamometer Pull Method. 
b. Honed Finish: 0.69 average by ASTM D2047, James Machine; 0.73 average (dry) 
and 0.68 average (wet) by ASTM C1028, Dynamometer Pull Method. 
Polished CaesarStone: 40 stocked colors. 
Honed CaesarStone: 9 stocked colors. Note that dark honed colors will show fingerprints and 
require increased maintenance. 
Custom Colors and Finishes: Available without additional charge on orders of 4,500 sq. ft. 
Edit the following according to color selection method and coordinate with submittals. 
E. Color and Finish: 
1. Provide color[s] and [finish[es] selected by [Architect] [ 
from manufacturer's 
stocked standards. [Allow for selection of up to [two] [four] [ 
colors.] 
2. Provide custom color and finish to match [sample in [Architect's] U
 office.] 
.1 
All standard colors are available with polished finish. See color charts or samples for availability 
of honed finish. 
3. Provide [Champagne Limestone, Color No. 2400] 
with [polished] [honed] finish. 
4. Finish: 
, Color No. 
Versson 3.1. September 24. 1107 
EFTA00727818
--- PAGE 30 ---
Ucaesarstone 
Quartz Surfaces 
GUIDE SPECIFICATION 
a. Polished Surface shall have gloss greater than or equal to 35% at 50g. 
b. Honed Surface shall have a matte finish. 
Retain the following if edges and corners are not detailed on Drawings. 
F. Exposed Edges [and Corners]: 
1. Countertops: 
a. Edges: [Square] [Bullnose] [Beveled] [Waterfall] 11
 profile, [single] 
[double] layer thick. 
b. Outside Corners: [Square.] [[3/4 inch (20 mm)] [ 
 inch[es] ( 
 mm)] radius.] 
2. [Backsplash] [and] [Wall Cladding]: 
a. Edges: [Square.] [ 
 .] 
b. Outside Corners: [Square butt joints.] [ 
 .] 
2.03 ACCESSORIES 
A. Mounting Adhesives: 
1. Provide structural-grade silicone or epoxy adhesives of type recommended by 
manufacturer for application and conditions of use. 
2. Acceptable Silicone Manufactures: 
a. Dow Corning. 
b. GE Sealants and Adhesives. 
c. I 
1. 
3. Acceptable Epoxy Manufacturers: 
a. Akemi North America. 
b. Bonstone Material Corporation. 
c. Tenax USA. 
d. 1 
1. 
4. Provide spacers, if required, of type recommended by adhesive manufacturer. 
B. Stone Adhesive: 
1. Provide epoxy or polyester adhesive of type recommend by manufacturer for 
application and conditions of use. 
2. Acceptable Manufacturers: 
a. Akemi North America. 
b. Bonstone Material Corporation. 
c. Tenax USA. 
d. I 
1. 
3. Color: Adhesive which will be visible in finished work shall be tinted to match quartz 
surfacing. 
In most countertop and interior cladding applications, CaesarStone can be installed with 
structural adhesive. Where required, however, CaesarStone can also be set in grout or installed 
with ties, clips, or other types of hardware recommended for thin stone veneers. Edit below and 
coordinate Section as required. 
C. [Fasteners] [Grout] [Hardware]: [ 
 .1 
D. Joint Sealants: 
Vernon 3.1. Seplembet A.1101 
EFTA00727819
--- PAGE 31 ---
CRaesarstone 
Quartz Surfaces 
GUIDE SPECIFICATION 
1. Clear silicone sealant of type recommended by manufacturer for application and 
conditions of use. 
2. Provide anti-bacterial type in [[toilet] [and] [bath] rooms,] [food preparation areas,] 
[and] 
1.
3. Acceptable Manufactures: 
a. Dow Corning. 
b. GE Sealants and Adhesives. 
c. 
1.
E. Solvent: Product recommended by adhesive manufacturer to clean surface of quartz 
surfacing to assure adhesion of adhesives [and sealants]. 
F. Cleaning Agents: Non-abrasive, soft-scrub type kitchen cleansers. 
2.04 FABRICATION 
Include manufacturer authorization if manufacturer's warranty is specified.
A. Fabricator: Firm shall have five years experience fabricating architectural stone and shall 
have water-cooled cutting tools. [Firm shall be authorized in writing by manufacturer.] 
B. Shop Assembly: Observe proper safety procedures and comply with manufacturer's 
instructions. 
C. Layout: Layout joints [as shown on Drawings.] [to minimize joints and to avoid L-shaped 
pieces of quartz surfacing.] 
D. Inspect Material: 
1. Inspect material for defects prior to fabrication. 
2. Color Match: Materials throughout Project shall be from the same batch and shall bear 
labels with same batch number. Visually inspect materials to be used for adjacent 
pieces to assure acceptable color match. Inspect in lighting conditions similar to those 
on Project. 
3. Variation in distribution of aggregates in quartz surfacing which are within 
manufacturer's tolerances is not a defect. 
E. Tools: Cut and polish with water-cooled power tools. 
 F. Cutouts: 
As with any type of stone, smaller radii increase potential for crack propagation at inside 
corners; in no case should radius less than 3/8 inch be used. 
1. Cutouts shall have [3/8 inches (10 mm)] f 
 inches ( 
mm)] minimum inside 
corner radius. Inside corners shall be reinforced in an acceptable manner to prevent 
cracking. 
2. Where edges of cutout will be exposed in finished work, polish edges. 
Versson 3.1. Scplanba 24. 3107 
EFTA00727820
--- PAGE 32 ---
@Caesars-tone 
Quartz Surfaces 
GUIDE SPECIFICATION 
The following is recommended in areas subject to heavy service or where additional strength is 
justified. 
3. [If the remaining material outside a cutout is less than [three inches (76 mm))  
inches ( 
mm)J wide, reinforce area by laminating it with a strip of quartz 
surfacing.] 
G. Laminations: Laminate layers of quartz surfacing as required to create built-up [edges,] 
[trim,] [and other areas requiring additional thickness]. 
Vernon 3.1. Scplanba 24. 3107 
EFTA00727821
--- PAGE 33 ---
Ucaesarstone 
Quartz Surfaces 
PART 3 EXECUTION 
GUIDE SPECIFICATION 
3.01 ACCEPTABLE INSTALLER 
A. Installer: Firm shall have five years experience installing architectural stone. 
3.02 EXAMINATION 
A. Site Verification: 
1. Verify dimensions by field measurements prior to fabrication. 
2. Verify that substrates supporting quartz surfaces are plumb, level, and flat to within 
1/16 inch in ten feet (1.6 mm in 3000 mm) and that necessary supports and blocking 
are in place. 
3. [Base Cabinets: Cabinet units shall be securely fixed to adjoining units and back wall.] 
B. Inspect finished surfaces for damage. Do not install until damage materials have been 
repaired in an acceptable manner or replaced. 
3.03 PREPARATION 
A. Protect finished surfaces against scratches. Apply masking where necessary. Guard 
against grit, dust, and other trades. 
Retain following if quartz surfacing is to be installed on existing countertops or walls. 
B. Remodeling: 
1. Where necessary, remove existing [countertops] [and] [materials to be demolished] in 
accordance with [Section 02 42 00 — Removal and Salvage of Construction Materials] 
2. Verify that remaining construction is of sufficient strength and tolerances to support 
quartz surfacing and make necessary repairs. 
3. [Disconnect utilities as specified in other sections.] 
3.04 INSTALLATION 
A. Install materials in accordance to manufacturer's recommendations. Lift and place to 
avoid breakage. 
B. Preliminary Installation and Adjustment: Position materials to verify that materials are 
correctly sized and prepared. Make necessary adjustments. 
1. If jobsite cutting, grinding, or polishing is required, use water-cooled tools. Protect 
jobsite and surfaces against dust and water. Perform work away from installation site if 
possible. 
2. Countertops: Gypsum drywall back walls [which are not [fire] [or] [acoustically] rated] 
may be routed up to half the thickness of the drywall to allow countertop to fit. 
3. Allow gaps for expansion of not less than 1/16 inch (1.5 mm) per five feet when 
installed between walls or other fixed conditions. 
4. [Drainage: [Adjacent to sinks] [and] [where drainage is required], shim countertops 
slightly to insure positive drainage.] 
Vernon 3.1. Sepkneel 24. 3107 
EFTA00727822
--- PAGE 34 ---
CRaesarstone 
Quartz Surfaces 
GUIDE SPECIFICATION 
C. Permanent Installation: 
1. After verifying fit, remove quartz surfacing from position, clean substrates of dust and 
contamination, and clean quartz surfacing back side and joints with solvent. 
2. Apply sufficient quantity of mounting adhesive in accordance with adhesive 
manufacturer's recommendations to provide permanent, secure installation. 
3. Spacing of mounting adhesive shall not exceed: 
a. Horizontal Surfaces: 1 
inches ([ 
mm) on center. 
b. Vertical Surfaces: [ 
inches (1 
mm) on center; provide temporary 
shims until adhesive cures. 
4. [Fasteners] [Grout] [Hardware]: [ 
5. Install surfacing plumb, level, and square and flat to within 1/16 inch in ten feet (1.6 
mm in 3000 mm). 
D. Joints: 
1. Joints Between Adjacent Pieces of Quartz Surfacing: 
a. Joints shall be flush, tight fitting, level, and neat. 
b. Securely join with stone adhesive. Fill joints level with quartz surfacing. 
c. Clamp or brace quartz surfacing in position until adhesive sets. 
2. Joints [Between Backsplashes and Countertops] [and] [Around [Tub] [and] [Shower] 
Enclosures]: Seal joints with silicone sealer. 
3.05 REPAIR 
A. Repair or replace damaged materials in a satisfactory manner. 
3.06 CLEANING 
A. Remove masking and excess adhesives and sealants. Clean exposed surfaces. 
3.07 PROTECTION 
A. Protect surfacing from damage by other Sections. 
Use below if Drawings do not adequately specify scope of Work or locations of CaesarStone 
products. The following is an example only. 
3.08 SCHEDULES 
C. Toilet Rooms — Rooms 102 and 103: 
1. Countertops: CaesarStone Sierra, Color 9255; 3/4" thick; waterfall front edge. 
2. Wainscoat: CaesarStone Baja, Color 3200; 3/4" thick; square top edge and butt joint 
corner. 
D. Lobby - Room 101 
1. Reception Desk: CaesarStone Concrete, Color 2003 
a. Countertops: Polished finish,1-1/4" thick; bullnosed exposed edges. 
b. Vertical Cladding: Honed finish, 3/4" thick, quirk joints. 
2. Wall Behind Desk: Copper Canyon, Color 9480; 3/4" thick; see drawings for edge trim 
and sandblasted graphics. 
Vernon 3.1. September 24. A107 
EFTA00727823
--- PAGE 35 ---
CRaesarstone 
Quartz Surfaces 
GUIDE SPECIFICATION 
END OF SECTION 
© 2007, U.S. Quartz Products Inc. - CaesarStone USA, Inc. Qualified design and construction 
professionals may copy this document for the purpose of creating construction specifications or 
purchase orders for materials manufactured by CaesarStone. 
Verston 3.1. Seine:tea 24. 3107 
EFTA00727824
--- PAGE 36 ---
Project Name: 
LITTLE SAINT JAMES 
Project #: 
LSJ-O1 
Issue Date: 
Item Number: 
T-O1 
Item Description: 24" x 24" CAESARSTONE TILE 
Manufacturer: 
CaesarStone 
Source: 
CaesarStone 
Address: 
36-16 19th Ave 
Address: 
36-16 19th Ave 
Astoria, NY 11105- 
Astoria, NY 11105-
Phone: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Contact: 
Renee Pecquex 
Contact: 
Renee Pecquex 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Web: 
www.caesarstoneus.com 
Web: 
www.caesarstoneus.com 
Product: 
#1141 
Color/Finish: 
PURE WHITE, POLISHED 
Size/Dimensions: 
SLAB CUT TO 24"x24"x3/4" TILE 
Grout: 
STANDARD WHITE 
Required Item(s) for Designer Approval Prior to Fabrication: 
Seaming Diagram 
Strike-Off 
V Finish Sample 
Cutting 
Shop Dwgs 
Prototype 
Flame Certificate 
Instructions: 
• Image is for reference only. 
Page 1 
Mark Zeff 515 W 20th St, 4W New York, NY 10011 p 
www.markzeff.com 
T-O1 
EFTA00727825

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727826.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727826.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 
EFTA00727826
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00727827
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00727828
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00727829
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00727830
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00727831
--- PAGE 7 ---
MARBLE BLOCK I A5IPS 
Chocolate nuibk and poliihed nidok ivory silk dude. To 40W. 
Till: G" a 394. 20* high. 5395 5t/idc II" a 39." z 18" high. 5495 09.343632 
ALABASTER BLOCK LAMPS 
Wined white alabaster and polished nickel; ivory silk dude. To 40W. 
Tall: 6"1.31/4" a 20" high. 5395 Wide: II' x 3'4" > 11C high. $495 1114).85,1Yi 
EFTA00727832
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00727833

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727834.pdf
----------------------------------------
5806. 
8' Sol 
58010 
$ 
a 
0012 49696 $2345 
42111111.11IMIP' 
$1193 
ns and rr ore el the 
lion, crr 'age: 
our 
bssze 
QUE COTTON MILL BIN 
titles limited 
-.ix 25'd x 22h) 
0006 (12C) 51295 
C. VINTAGE INDUSTRIAL SHELVING 
Bookcase (40'w a 20'd x 911.) 
6146 0010 (125)$995 
D. WINE BARREL SIDE TABLE 
Awnlablo late October 
(22-drams 25"h) 6110 0041 5695 
E. COUNTERWEIGHT LAMP' 
Tab r —trot 01371 JOUR 5439$379 
ARCHITECT'S •—> 
AfHETTE,' OF 
NIST RI/Gift; OF 
ft OAK SLATS 
F-A.SAI.VAGED TARP PILLOW COVER 
St. Honore 11' x 21,1600646 1.49$39 
France po.,tc$ Or e 28n16050645 559 $45 
Solid Potcht.e0c (22-cq )''405 0647 454 545 
I. ARCHITECT'S CANOE MAQUETTE 
Sl'• $499 
J. ADIRONDACK NITER CHAMDELIER• 
a-4,Jan. 
K. ABLGIAN LINEN 
162r^ 
I-14- '‘599 
L. OPEN WLAVL 
U IL
L DRAPERY 
A Pace 2641 
N. BELGIAN BASKET 
WEAVE SISAL RUG'I 
.6 
ligb et Wyss S69 
seep.
cs: and Web only. 
ONE-OF-A-RINDll:FURSISLEIT ORIfINALS 
ONCE USED TO fi 
RY f 
S ACROSS A 
SIRE. ENf LAND 
I ILS REMAININf 
RESTORATIONHARDWARE COM • 800.76210 
EFTA00727834
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mecox Gardens - Woven White Ceramic Garden Stool Detail 
login 
MECOX 
HOME 
II 
CATALOG 
I . 
MY MECOX 
E-Mail This Listing 
Woven White Ceramic Garden Stool 
DESCRIPTION: 
22" H Large Round White Ceramic Garden Stool 
with Open "Woven" Decor 
DIMENSIONS: 
22"H x 21"D 
PRODUCT ID: 
FNSL-161909-MP941 
[-] 89 95.no 
STORE AVAILABILITY: 
CCOLICLuS 
BLOC 
PRESS,LINKS 
FEEDBACK 
I 
CONTACT 
rmannalcy 
(O2001-08 mecca Gardens 257 County Road 39A. Southampton, NY 11968 
I 
1.800.487.4854 
I 
tal.00P:91S 
of 1 
9/9/2010 12:39 PI
EFTA00727835
--- PAGE 3 ---
It)" 
I OUNCT 
LOUNGE 
in vs
167 
I 
EFTA00727836
--- PAGE 4 ---
I LOUNGE 
162 
blench 
rz  8ARCEL0NA nronze 
LOUNGE 
bleach 
163 
EFTA00727837

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727838.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ 
Porch 
Sofa 
EFTA00727838
--- PAGE 2 ---
r 
FACTORY CART f ROM -3 
S. CRAFTED OF WOO!? 
A NO InfrIpIP NOW WI I H A 01AS 
• 
AN AV 
NTIC 
PR0PUCTI0 
Of A 191 
PIN? 
EWAN SE 
CHEST. C 
TED OF 
IV OAK WIT 
NA 
AJ p ME 
NAROWAR 
EFTA00727839

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727840.pdf
----------------------------------------
rptiono Ptmoovae".. 
t• 
C3Q-zio".10 
Sat Paoujr,
_ 
lny 4o-O 
nht(o ;7, 
tot 
so% N 
EFTA00727840
--- PAGE 2 ---
WS -t gi 
rziiSt 1X-frw,cci, 
ee 7,0.0 
E 
- c)Peste. lute 
- Wan .46.‘n favoiA5 
lattncer,„, ?ICU) %-.) 
- 
ktedeO 
Cortiur-e. Phu* toe.--") 
"SCREEN rt-to 
-,p 
Paw& Pitut...) 
1124A-4.A 5 
o•-t.. iimoa4,0,44 
upii5 
STE Puma 
1- 1 
; 
lot 
501 
 fr./ I 
o - 0 1
EFTA00727841
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00727842

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727843.pdf
----------------------------------------
Artefacto $3500 
Ralph Lauren $11,000 
$5,250 
EFTA00727843

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727844.pdf
----------------------------------------
$800 
$2,300 
EFTA00727844

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727845.pdf
----------------------------------------
$1,900 
EFTA00727845

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727846.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727846.pdf
----------------------------------------
$3,500 small 
$4,000 large 
EFTA00727846

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727847.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey, 
Lady K Engine summary 
The $ 44,100 that was submitted to you by LSJ was made up of the following: 
Engines — $ 30,500 
Core Chg — $ (16,000) 
Shipping — $ 7,500 
Removal & Install and repairs — $ 22,100 
This is incorrect because what was missed here is we have to pay for the core charge up front so what 
really should have been presented to you is: 
Engines - $ 46,500 and everything else being the same would have brought the total to $ 60,100 
What I was able to do is get the engines for $ 41,450 and the core credit would be $ (14,000) a savings of 
$ 3,050 and there is no customs cost so that would take $ 1,000 off from the shipping total and the 
removal and install and repairs stays the same so therefore the total would be $ 56,050 for Lady K. 
If we were to refurbish our engines the only benefit we would get is not paying for the core charge up 
front so the cost would be basically the same however the bat would be down for 1 to 2 months this 
way vs. 1 week if we bought the refurbished and sent our engines back. 
EFTA00727847

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727848.pdf
----------------------------------------
Landing Pad 
60' x 60' Concrete 
$233,682.00 
October 2010 
Group Phase 
Description 
Qty 
Unit 
Price 
Shipping Clearance 
Total 
Direct Expenses 
01-610 Material Handling 
hrs 
$25.00 
$0.00 
$0.00.._ 
$1,000.00 
01-624 Construction Cleaning 
hrs 
$20.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$480.00 
01-645 Expendables 
tot 
$500.00 
$0.00 
$0.00_ 
$500.00 
01-664 Equipment Rental 
I 
tot 
$1,500.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$1,500.00 
01-900 Misc. Expenses 
tot 
$500.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$500.00 
Division Total 
_ 
$3,980.00 
Sitework 
02-005 Lay out 
hrs 
$25.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$150.00 
02-100 Site Prep 
MD 
$520.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$1,560.00 
02-222 Sub Base 
MD 
$200.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$2,000.00 
02-250 Compaction 
MD 
$160.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$2,400.00 
$6,110.00 
Division Total 
Concrete 
— 
03-111 FPS Footings - L 
108 
cyd 
$100.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$10,800.00 
03-112 FPS Walls - L 
135 
cyd 
$200.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$27,000.00 
03-130 5000# Concrete 
_ 
299 
cyd 
$176.00 
$0.00 
$0.00_ $52,624.00 
03-150 Formwork 
— 
— 
Tot 
$3,500.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$3,500.00 
03-173 Slabs on Grade - L 
3600 
— 
sft 
$7.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$25,200.00 
03-178 Vapor Barrier - L&M 
3600 _ 
sft ___ 
$0.32 
$200.00 
$0.00 
$1,352.00 
03-180 Ties & Accys. 
tot 
$1,000.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$1,000.00 
03-210 #5 Rebar - L&M 
24960 
lbs 
$0.85 
$0.00 
$0.00 ____ $21,216.00 
03-250 Control Joints - L&M 
lit 
$5.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$320.00 
03-251 Saw Cuts 
240 
lit 
$2.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$480.00 
03-362 Pumping 
trips 
$3,000.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$9,000.00 
03-370 Curing 
3600 
sit 
$0.25 
$0.00 
- 
$0.00 
$900.00 
Division Total 
$153,392.00 
Masonry 
04-450 Native Stone Veneer 
1755 
sit 
$40.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$70,200.00 
Division Total 
$70,200.00 
Electrical 
16-000 Electrical Complete 
tot 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Division Total 
$0.00 
Total 
$233,682.00 
EFTA00727848

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727849.pdf
----------------------------------------
,Jeffrey Epstein 
Outstanding Legal Invoices as of 12-15-09 
Total 
Outstanding 
For the period ending 
Invoice 
Paid 
Amount 
Critton 
6/30/09 
191,083.48 
-191,083.48 
0.00 
7/31/09 
173,819.06 
-173,819.06 
0.00 
8/31/09 
173,756.65 
-173,756.65 
0.00 
9/30/09 
182,951.71 
-182,951.71 
0.00 
10/31/09 
179,383.49 
-179,383.49 
0.00 
11/30/09 
169,586.92 
0.00 
169,586.92 
Total billed 
1,070,581.31 
-900,994.39 
_ 
169,586.92 
(balance in trust 937,526) 
Martin Weinbe 
8/31/09 
35,000.00 
-35,000.00 
0.00 
09/30/09 
50,428.20 
-50,428.20 
0.00 
10/31/09 
25,749.70 
0.00 
25,749.70 
11/30/09 
19,333.30 
0.00 
19,333.30 
12/31/09 
30,474.90 
0.00 
30,474.90 
Total billed 
160,986.10 
-85,428.20 
75,557.90 
Riley Kiraly 
7/6/09 
52,779.88 
-52,779.88 
0.00 
8/6/09 
55,941.46 
-50,000.00 
5,941.46 
9/8/09 
15,575.96 
15,575.96 
10/5/09 
731.24 
0.00 
731.24 
11/2/09 
11,544.51 
0.00 
11,544.51 
12/5/09 
524.30 
524.30 
Total billed 
137,097.35 
-102,779.88 
34,317.47 
_____ 
Roy Black 
7/31/09 
7,155.00 
-25,558.42 
-18,403.42 
8/31/09 
13,230.00 
0.00 
13,230.00 
09/30/09 
36,525.09 
-50,000.00 
-13,474.91 
10/31/09 
10,228.58 
0.00 
10,228.58 
11/30/09 
31,591.20 
0.00 
31,591.20 
12/31/09 
25,972.97 
0.00 
25,972.97 
Total billed 
124,702.84 
-75,558.42 
49,144.42 
Reeder & Reeder 
7/12/09 
30,365.00 
-30,365.00 
0.00 
9/12/09 
5,024.50 
-5,024.50 
0.00 
12/8/09 
37,414.94 
0.00 
37,414.94 
Total billed 
72,804.44 
-35,389.50 
37,414.94 
EFTA00727849
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Outstanding Legal Invoices as of 12-15-09 
Total 
Outstanding 
For the period ending 
invoice 
Paid 
Amount 
Storch 
retainer 
-15,000.00 
-15,000.00 
3/31109 and prior (I do not have backup) 
75,865.43 
-25,000.00 
50,865.43 
4/30109 
6,643.00 
0.00 
6,643.00 
5/31109 
3,213.48 
0.00 
3,213.48 
6/30109 
(courtesy credit-->) 
13,845.30 
-2,135.00 
11,710.30 
7/31109 
37,243.73 
0.00 
37,243.73 
8/31109 
4,350.45 
0.00 
4,350.45 
11/30/09 
334.84 
0.00 
334.84 
Total billed 
141,496.23 
-42,135.00 
99,361.23 
Strumwasser 
7/10/09 
5,681.50 
-5,681.50 
0.00 
Total billed 
5,681.50 
-5,681.50 
0.00 
Susman Godfrey 
8/31/09 
27,162.57 
-25,000.00 
2,162.57 
8/31/09 
9,933.03 
-37,095.60 
-27,162.57 
10/31/09 
25,057.54 
0.00 
25,057.54 
11/30/09 
2,750.00 
0.00 
2,750.00 
Total billed 
64,903.14 
-62,095.60 
2,807.54 
Cohen & Gresser LLP 
9/30/09 - JEE 
9,481.00 
-9,481.00 
0.00 
10/31/09 - JEE 
476.40 
0.00 
476.40 
10/31/09 - GM 
39,157.54 
0.00 
39,157.54 
11/30/09 - GM 
12,521.21 
0.00 
12,521.21 
Total billed 
61,636.15 
-9,481.00 
52,155.15 
Richard Hall 
8/6/09 
23,145.72 
-23,145.72 
0.00 
9/3/09 
8,131.20 
0.00 
8,131.20 
9/28/09 
15,833.20 
0.00 
15,833.20 
11/11/09 
19,938.47 
-43,902.87 
-23,964.40 
Total billed 
67,048.59 
-67,048.59 
0.00 
Kreusler Walsh 
7/1/09 
17,532.75 
-17,532.75 
0.00 
7/24/09 
22,059.56 
-22,059.56 
0.00 
9/1/09 
1,976.40 
0.00 
1,976.40 
Total billed 
41,568.71 
-39,592.31 
1,976.40 
EFTA00727850
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Outstanding Legal Invoices as of 12-15-09 
Total 
Outstanding 
For the period ending 
Invoice 
Paid 
Amount 
Kirkland & Ellis 
2/28/09 - DB Zwirn 
8,155.70 
0.00 
8,155.70 
6/30/09 - DB Zwirn 
4,115.00 
0.00 
4,115.00 
6/30109 - jane doe 101 litigation 
26,334.66 
0.00 
26,334.66 
6/30109 - doj investigation & related lawsuits 
44,591.29 
0.00 
44,591.29 
7/31/09 - doj investigation & related lawsuits 
3,641.60 
0.00 
3,641.60 
7/31/09 - MC Litigation 
2,715.76 
0.00 
2,715.76 
8/31/09 - midnight express 
1,226.50 
0.00 
1,226.50 
8/31109 - MC Litigation 
64,004.74 
0.00 
64,004.74 
8/31109 - DB Zwirn 
12,776.61 
0.00 
12,776.61 
8/31109 - doj investigation & related lawsuits 
4,526.66 
0.00 
4,526.66 
9/30109 - MC Litigation 
31,351.47 
0.00 
31,351.47 
9/30109 - doj investigation & related lawsuits 
48,835.07 
0.00 
48,835.07 
Total billed 
252,275.06 
0.00 
252,275.06 
Bruce Reinhart 
7/30/09 - 
9,272.50 
-9,272.50 
0.00 
7/30109 - Jeffrey Epstein 
24,947.00 
-24,947.00 
0.00 
11/2/09 - Jeffre E stein 
25,876.07 
0.00 
25,876.07 
11/2/09 - 
2,505.00 
0.00 
2,505.00 
12/2/09 - 
300.00 
0.00 
300.00 
Total billed 
62,900.57 
-34,219.50 
28,681.07 
K Dema 
5/31/09 
10,084.31 
-25,000.00 
-14,915.69 
-25,000.00 
-25,000.00 
8/13109 
94,459.98 
-40,000.00 
54,459.98 
Total billed 
104,544.29 
-90,000.00 
14,544.29 
McIntosh 
7/20109 Statement of Account 
20,107.94 
-20,107.94 
0.00 
8/31109 (includes prior balance owed) 
5,699.61 
0.00 
5,699.61 
9/30109 
1,628.15 
0.00 
1,628.15 
10/31/09 
4,136.82 
-7,327.76 
-3,190.94 
11/30/09 
8,775.86 
0.00 
8,775.86 
Total billed 
40,348.38 
-27,435.70 
12,912.68 
(paid by jack) 
TOTAL OUTSTANDING LEGAL BILLS 
830,735.07 
EFTA00727851
--- PAGE 4 ---
,Jeffrey Epstein 
Outstanding Legal Invoices as of 12-15-09 
Total 
Outstanding 
For the period ending 
Invoice 
Paid 
Amount 
NOTE: 
1)The following were not included above as I did not have their information: 
a) Jack Goldberger 
b) Podhurst 
c) Lawrence Newman 
d) Projected invoices thru 3/31/10 is for 4 months of billing (Dec - Mar) 
ave billing 
300,000 
months= 
1,200,000 
EFTA00727852

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727853.pdf
----------------------------------------
,Jeffrey Epstein 
Outstanding Legal Invoices as of 12-15-09 
Total 
Outstanding 
For the period ending 
Invoice 
Paid 
Amount 
Critton 
6/30/09 
191,083.48 
-191,083.48 
0.00 
7/31/09 
173,819.06 
-173,819.06 
0.00 
8/31/09 
173,756.65 
-173,756.65 
0.00 
9/30/09 
182,951.71 
-182,951.71 
0.00 
10/31/09 
179,383.49 
-179,383.49 
0.00 
11/30/09 
169,586.92 
0.00 
169,586.92 
Total billed 
1,070,581.31 
-900,994.39 
_ 
169,586.92 
(balance in trust 937,526) 
Martin Weinbe 
8/31/09 
35,000.00 
-35,000.00 
0.00 
09/30/09 
50,428.20 
-50,428.20 
0.00 
10/31/09 
25,749.70 
0.00 
25,749.70 
11/30/09 
19,333.30 
0.00 
19,333.30 
12/31/09 
30,474.90 
0.00 
30,474.90 
Total billed 
160,986.10 
-85,428.20 
75,557.90 
Riley Kiraly 
7/6/09 
52,779.88 
-52,779.88 
0.00 
8/6/09 
55,941.46 
-50,000.00 
5,941.46 
9/8/09 
15,575.96 
15,575.96 
10/5/09 
731.24 
0.00 
731.24 
11/2/09 
11,544.51 
0.00 
11,544.51 
12/5/09 
524.30 
524.30 
Total billed 
137,097.35 
-102,779.88 
34,317.47 
_____ 
Roy Black 
7/31/09 
7,155.00 
-25,558.42 
-18,403.42 
8/31/09 
13,230.00 
0.00 
13,230.00 
09/30/09 
36,525.09 
-50,000.00 
-13,474.91 
10/31/09 
10,228.58 
0.00 
10,228.58 
11/30/09 
31,591.20 
0.00 
31,591.20 
12/31/09 
25,972.97 
0.00 
25,972.97 
Total billed 
124,702.84 
-75,558.42 
49,144.42 
Reeder & Reeder 
7/12/09 
30,365.00 
-30,365.00 
0.00 
9/12/09 
5,024.50 
-5,024.50 
0.00 
12/8/09 
37,414.94 
0.00 
37,414.94 
Total billed 
72,804.44 
-35,389.50 
37,414.94 
EFTA00727853
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Outstanding Legal Invoices as of 12-15-09 
Total 
Outstanding 
For the period ending 
invoice 
Paid 
Amount 
Storch 
retainer 
-15,000.00 
-15,000.00 
3/31109 and prior (I do not have backup) 
75,865.43 
-25,000.00 
50,865.43 
4/30109 
6,643.00 
0.00 
6,643.00 
5/31109 
3,213.48 
0.00 
3,213.48 
6/30109 
(courtesy credit-->) 
13,845.30 
-2,135.00 
11,710.30 
7/31109 
37,243.73 
0.00 
37,243.73 
8/31109 
4,350.45 
0.00 
4,350.45 
11/30/09 
334.84 
0.00 
334.84 
Total billed 
141,496.23 
-42,135.00 
99,361.23 
Strumwasser 
7/10/09 
5,681.50 
-5,681.50 
0.00 
Total billed 
5,681.50 
-5,681.50 
0.00 
Susman Godfrey 
8/31/09 
27,162.57 
-25,000.00 
2,162.57 
8/31/09 
9,933.03 
-37,095.60 
-27,162.57 
10/31/09 
25,057.54 
0.00 
25,057.54 
11/30/09 
2,750.00 
0.00 
2,750.00 
Total billed 
64,903.14 
-62,095.60 
2,807.54 
Cohen & Gresser LLP 
9/30/09 - JEE 
9,481.00 
-9,481.00 
0.00 
10/31/09 - JEE 
476.40 
0.00 
476.40 
10/31/09 - GM 
39,157.54 
0.00 
39,157.54 
11/30/09 - GM 
12,521.21 
0.00 
12,521.21 
Total billed 
61,636.15 
-9,481.00 
52,155.15 
Richard Hall 
8/6/09 
23,145.72 
-23,145.72 
0.00 
9/3/09 
8,131.20 
0.00 
8,131.20 
9/28/09 
15,833.20 
0.00 
15,833.20 
11/11/09 
19,938.47 
-43,902.87 
-23,964.40 
Total billed 
67,048.59 
-67,048.59 
0.00 
Kreusler Walsh 
7/1/09 
17,532.75 
-17,532.75 
0.00 
7/24/09 
22,059.56 
-22,059.56 
0.00 
9/1/09 
1,976.40 
0.00 
1,976.40 
Total billed 
41,568.71 
-39,592.31 
1,976.40 
EFTA00727854
--- PAGE 3 ---
,Jeffrey Epstein 
Outstanding Legal Invoices as of 12-15-09 
Total 
Outstanding 
For the period ending 
Invoice 
Paid 
Amount 
Kirkland & Ellis 
2/28109 - DB Zwirn 
8,155.70 
0.00 
8,155.70 
5/31109 - DB Zwirn 
1,628.79 
1.00 
1,629.79 
6/30/09 - DB Zwirn 
4,115.00 
0.00 
4,115.00 
6/30109 - jane doe 101 litigation 
26,334.66 
0.00 
26,334.66 
6/30109 - doj investigation & related lawsuits 
44,591.29 
0.00 
44,591.29 
7/31/09 - doj investigation & related lawsuits 
3,641.60 
0.00 
3,641.60 
7/31/09 - MC Litigation 
2,715.76 
0.00 
2,715.76 
7/31109 - DB Zwirn 
17,836.13 
0.00 
17,836.13 
8/31/09 - midnight express 
1,226.50 
0.00 
1,226.50 
8/31109 - MC Litigation 
64,004.74 
0.00 
64,004.74 
8/31109 - DB Zwirn 
12,776.61 
0.00 
12,776.61 
8/31109 - doj investigation & related lawsuits 
4,526.66 
0.00 
4,526.66 
9/30109 - MC Litigation 
31,351.47 
0.00 
31,351.47 
9/30109 - doj investigation & related lawsuits 
48,835.07 
0.00 
48,835.07 
10/31/09 - doj investigation & related lawsuits 
836.46 
0.00 
836.46 
10/31/09 - MC Litigation 
12,173.38 
0.00 
12,173.38 
11/30/09 - DB Zwirn 
14,669.04 
0.00 
669.04 
Total billed 
299,418.86 
1.00 
299,419.86 
Bruce Reinhart 
7/30/09 - 
9,272.50 
-9,272.50 
0.00 
7/30/09 - Jeffrey Epstein 
24,947.00 
-24,947.00 
0.00 
11/2/09 - 
25,876.07 
0.00 
25,876.07 
11/2/09 - 
Min 
2,505.00 
0.00 
2,505.00 
12/2/09 - 
300.00 
0.00 
300.00 
Total billed 
62,900.57 
-34,219.50 
28,681.07 
K Dema 
5/31/09 
10,084.31 
-25,000.00 
-14,915.69 
-25,000.00 
-25,000.00 
8/13109 
94,459.98 
-40,000.00 
54,459.98 
Total billed 
104,544.29 
-90,000.00 
14,544.29 
McIntosh 
7/20/09 Statement of Account 
20,107.94 
-20,107.94 
0.00 
8/31109 (includes prior balance owed) 
5,699.61 
0.00 
5,699.61 
9/30109 
1,628.15 
0.00 
1,628.15 
10/31/09 
4,136.82 
-7,327.76 
-3,190.94 
11/30/09 
8,775.86 
0.00 
8,775.86 
Total billed 
40,348.38 
-27,435.70 
12,912.68 
EFTA00727855
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Outstanding Legal Invoices as of 12-15-09 
Total 
Outstanding 
For the period ending 
Invoice 
Paid 
Amount 
(paid by jack) 
_ 
TOTAL OUTSTANDING LEGAL BILLS 
877,879.87 
NOTE: 
1)The following were not included above as I did not have their information: 
a) Jack Goldberger 
b) Podhurst 
c) Lawrence Newman 
d) Projected invoices thru 3/31/10 is for 4 months of billing (Dec - Mar) 
ave billing 
300,000 
months= 
1,200,000 
EFTA00727856

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727857.pdf
----------------------------------------
!derrrey tpstein 
Outstanding Legal Invoices 
Martin Weinber. 
- 
! 
42,329.84 
6/30/2010 
42,329.84 
7/31/2010 
47,152.95 
-50,000.00 
-2,847.05 
8/31/2010 
20,464.82 
-30,000.00 
-9,535.18.
14,125.00 
. 33,127.06 
9/30/2010 
14,125.00 
0.00 
10/31/2010 
33,127.06 
0.00 
Total billed 
157,199.67 
-80,000.00 
77,199.67 
Fowler White Burnett 
6/30/2010 - Scott Rothstein 
127,166.49 
-50,000.00 
77,166.49 
7/31/2010 - Scott Rothstein 
31,068.19 
-100,000.00 
-68,931.81 
8/31/2010 - Scott Rothstein 
119,646.10 
-32,637.50 
87,008.60 
-62,362.50 
6/31/2010 - W 
12,637.50 
-75,000.00 
Total billed 
290,518.28 
-257,637.50 
32,880.78 
Troutman Sanders LLP 
-- 
5/31/2010 
15,500.75 
-10,968.10 
4,532.65 
06/30/2010 
32,914.12 
-25,000.00 
7,914.12 
07/31/2010 
8,269.28 
-20,716.05 
-12,446.77 
08/31/2010 
22,612.95 
0.00 
22,612.95 
09/30/2010 
3,536.49 
-20,000.00 
-16,463.51 
Total billed 
82,833.59 
-76,684.15 
6,149.44 
Storch 
retainer 
-15,000.00 
-15,000.00 
3/31/09 and prior (I do not have backup) 
75,865.43 
-25,000.00 
50,865.43 
4/30/09 
6,643.00 
0.00 
6,643.00 
3,213.48 
5/31/09 
3,213.48 
0.00 
6/30/09 
(courtesy credit—>) 
13,845.30 
-2,135.00 
11,710.30 
7/31/09 
37,243.73 
0.001 
37,243.73 
8/31/09 
i 
4,350.45 
0.00! 
4,350.45 
11/30/09 
334.84 
0.00 
334.84 
Total billed 
141,496.23! 
-42,135.001 
99,361.23 
Robert B. Camel 
Billed 
Paid 
Outstanding 
9/30/2010 
5,001.67 
0.00 
5,001.67 
Total billed 
J
5,001.67 
0.00 
5,001.67 
Allen Guthrie & Thomas, PLLC 
Billed 
Paid 
Outstanding 
9/30/2010 
14,995.14 
0.00 
14,995.14 
Total billed 
14,995.14! 
0.00 
14,995.14 
Rothstein, Donatelli, HunhesDahistrom etc 
11,282.31 
-11,282.31 
7/31/2010 (paid via credit card) 
0.00 
8/31/2010 
3,398.59 
-0.42 
3,398.17 
Total billed 
14,680.90 
-11,282.31 
3,398.17 
EFTA00727857
--- PAGE 2 ---
Outstanding 
Cohen & Gresser LLP 
'Jeffrey t pstein 
Legal Invoices 
5/31/2010 - RK & DKI 
14,412.00 
0.00 
14,412.00 
6,400.50 
807.00 
6/30/2010 - RK & DKI 
6,400.501 
0.00 
7/31/2010 - RK & DKI 
807.00 
0.00;
Total billed 
21,619.501 
0.001 
619.50 
McIntosh 
13,186.88 
7/20/09 Statement of Account 
20,107.94 
-20,107.941 
0.00 
8/31/09 (includes prior balance owed) 
5,699.61 
0.00 
5,699.61 
9/30/09 
1,628.15 
0.00 
1,628.15 
10/31/09 
4,136.82 
-7,327.76 
-3,190.94 
11/30/09 
8,775.86 
0.00 
0.00 
8,775.86 
1,360.56 
1/25/2010 
1,360.56 
5/10/2010 
232.24 
0.00 
232.24 
Total billed 
41,941.18 
-27,435.701 
14,505.48 
Susman Godfrey 
Billed 
Paid 
Outstanding 
4/29/2010 - Bear 
21,081.43 
-25,001.04 
-3,919.61 
4/29/2010 - DB Zwim 
9,579.77 
0.00
9,579.77 
5/31/2010 - Bear 
21,599.91 
0.001 
21,599.91 
5/31/2010 - DB Zwim 
1,132.96 
0.00 
1,132.96 
6/28/2010 - Bear 
17,656.51. 
0.00 
17,656.51 
6/28/2010 - DB Zwim 
2,901.70 
0.00 
2,901.70 
7/15/2010 - Bear 
11,328.67 
0.00 
11,328.67 
7/15/2010 - DB Zwim 
6,853.40 
-50,000.00 
-43,146.60 
7/31/2010 - Bear 
558.20 
0.00 
558.20 
7/31/2010 - DB Zwlm 
5,834.88 
-23,526.39 
-17,691.51 
8/31/2010 - Bear MDL 
550.20 
0.00 
550.20 
8/31/2010 - Bear 
276.30 
0.00 
276.30 
9/30/2010 - Bear 
2,472.45 
0.00 
2,472.45 
9/30/2010 - DB Zwim 
9,855.14 
0.00 
9,855.14 
Total billed 
111,681.52 
-98,527.431 
13,154.09 
Bruce Reinhart 
7/30/09 - 
9,272.50 
-9,272.50 
0.00 
7/30/09 - Jeffrey Epstein 
24,947.00 
-24,947.00 
0.00 
11/2/09 - Jeffre 
25,876.07 
0.00 
25,876.07 
ifial9 
11/2/09 - 
2,505.00 
0.00 
2,505.00 
12/1/09 - Jeffre E stein 
2,621.85 
0.00 
2,621.85 
12/2/09 - 
300.00 
-20,000.00 
-19,700.00 
3/2/2010 - 
2,931.85 
0.00 
2,931.85 
3/2/2010 - 
2,600.00 
0.00 
2,600.00 
t rii_
ffre
3/30/2010 - 
5,150.00 
-5,673.96 
-523.96 
3/30/2010 - Jeff 
Epstein 
250.00 
-5,443.43 
-5,193.43 
6/7/2010 - 
I 
1,469.50 
0.00 
1,469.50 
7/9/2010 - 
500.00 
0.00 
500.00 
EFTA00727858
--- PAGE 3 ---
'Jeffrey hpstem 
Outstanding Legal Invoices 
7/9/2010 - Jeffrey Epstein 
100.00 
0.00 
100.00 
Total billed 
78,523.77 
-65,336.89 
13,186.88 
TOTAL OUTSTANDING LEGAL BILLS 
301,452.05 
EFTA00727859
--- PAGE 4 ---
Total 
Dershowitz 
Billed 
Reallocation 
Critton - Settlements 
-
-
-
-
.
-
-
-
-
-
-
Alan Derthowitz 
4,178,463.04 
-600,462.14 
Critton 
17,998,457 00 
Black. Srebnick. Komspan 
2,993,883 25 
Gerald B. Lefcourt, P.C. 
3,478.373 54 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP JEE 
2,609,472 36I 
Martin G Weinberg, P.C. 
2,020,226 09 
4,901.14 
Lewis Tein, PL 
2.684.795 38 
Podhurst Orsedc, PA. 
163,992 15 
Atterbury, Goldberger. Richardson thru 21 
1.636,936 55 
Fowler White Burnett P.A. 
1,045.945 17 
Dershowitz. Eiger&Adelson 
89,011 01 
427,438.00 
WHR Investigations Inc. / Riley 
217,622 96 
Rubenstein Associales 
475,000.00 
Investigative Management Group 
272,058.00 
Richard C.W. Hall (Critton) 
263,720.49 
Susman Godfrey 
245,331.72 
Storch (FTC - Bear Steams) 
224,805.43 
Dan Klores Communications, Inc 
10,000.00 
Darren K. Indylie 
150,000.00 
John K Demo 
110,000.00 
Alston & Bird LLP 
106,193 54 
Bruce Reinhart-JEE 
102,818.77 
Kirkland & Ellis LIP - 
146,583.75 
Herb Stern 
100,000.00 
Bruce Lyons. Esq 
Troutman Sanders LLP 
82,833.59 
Prose Court Reporting (Calton) 
75,862.77 
Jim Pasco and Associates, LLC 
75,000.00 
Law Offices of Guy Fronstin, PA 
73,773.00 
Reeder & Reeder PA. Trust Account 
72,804.44 
Men Outline McHugh & Thomas RUC 
83,482.14' 
Spaeth Cornmunicabons, Inc. 
50,994.21 
McIntosh, Sawran. Reitz & Gaya 
41,941.18 
Kreusler-Walsh, Compani & Verges 
.568 71 
NaMello & Co. LLC 
150 009 00 
Roe Legal & Investigation (Caton) 
19.178.80 
James Greene 
26.395.00 
Law Office of Charles Dawson Barnett 
25,000 00 
Execu 
LLC - Nei1Li i-igstone 
25,009 00 
Mitch Webber 
21,728 00 
Lofcourt 
Black 
Critton 
Written Off I 
Revised 
Reallocation 
Reallocation 
Reallocation 
Return of Fees 
Total Billed 
Total 
Paid 
Balance 
Balance 
Outstand 
Outstanding as % of pair 
-675283.35 
491 000 .3 
J 
12,491,000.00 
12,491,000.00
-87.762.501 
3.490.238.40 
3,490,238.40 
-14.689.587 29 
-23,722,581 
3,285,147.13 
3,285,147.13 
-131,648.64 
2,862,234.61 
2,862,234.61 
I 
-378.373.54 
(209,988.76) 
2.424.716.65 
2,424,716.65 
2,399,483.60 
 2,399,483.60 
1,947,927.56
f 
1,662 474,00 
1,826,466.15 
(772.454.31) 
1,912,341.07
12816446 
131,746.56 
50,000.01-
124,077.00 
50,000.00 
2.025.127.23 
1,912,341.07 
826,466.15 
1,762,101.01
(87,140.94) 
1,110,550.79 
1,762,101.01 
1,077,670.01 
516,449.01 
391,699.96 
350,000.00 
272,058.00 
516,449.01 
391,699.96 
350,000 00 
272,058.00 
263'20.49 
170.607.09 
-175,000.00 
4,917.68 
263,720.49 
245,331.72 
224,805.43 
210,000.00 
150,000.00 
110,000.00 
106,193.54 
102,818.77 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
0.001 
0.00% 
6m 
0.00% 
0.00 
0.00% 
0.00 
0.00% 
0.00 
0.00% 
0.00 
0.03% 
77,199 67 
3.61% 
0.00 
0.00% 
0.00 
0.005; 
0.00 
0.00% 
32,880.ii 
2.96% 
0.00 
0.00% 
0.00 
0.00% 
0.00  
0.00%
0.00  
0.00% 
0.00 
0.00% 
232,177.53 
13,154.00 
5.36% 
126,444.20 
210,000.00 
0.00 
150,000.00 
0.00 
110,000.00 
0.00 
106 193.54 
0.00 
200.000.00 
99,361.23 
44.20% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
89,631.69 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
0.00%
0.00% 
13,186.88 
12.83% 
(48,583.75) 
0.00 
0.00% 
0.00 
91,772.10 
Reallocation 
91,772.10 
-10,968.10 
71465.49 
76,662.77 
7800900 
73.773.00 
72,804.44 
4482.14 
50,994.21 
41,941.18 
41,588.71 
40,817.06 
26.434.44 
26,395.00 
25.600.00 
91,772.10 
65,716.05 
75.662.77 
75,000.00 
73,773.00 
72,804.44 
0.00 
6,149.44 
0.00% 
0.00%
856% 
0.00 
0.00% 
0.00 
ODD% 
0.00 
0.00  
0.00% 
68,487.00 
14,995.14 
17.96% 
50,994.21 
0.00 
0.00% 
27,435.70 
14505.48 
3459% 
41,568.71 
0.00 
0.00% 
40,817.06 
0.00 
0.00% 
26,434.44 
0.00 _ 
0.00% 
26,395.00 
0.00 
0.00% 
25.000.00
 0.00 
0.00% 
25,000 00 
0.00 
0.00% 
21,728.00 
0.00 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Reallocation 
-109,182,94 
7.981.20 
-725.56 
25,000.00 
21,728 00 
EFTA00727860
--- PAGE 5 ---
Total 
Dershowitz 
Le?court 
Black 
Billed 
Reallocation 
Reallocation 
Reallocation 
Critton 
Written Off / 
Revised 
Total 
Reallocation 
Return of Fees 
Total Billed 
Paid 
Balance 
Outstanding as 
Balance 
Outstand 
% of pale 
Cohen & Grosser 
Jean Baker 
Hodge & Francois • GeneraliMotyneux 
Joel Sickle, 
Stephanie Thacker 
21.619 50 
/.9t:3 52 
(KJ 00 
'50:: 00 
20,000.00 
. .
.
. _ 
______ .. 
619 50 
20,000.00 
17,990.52 
0.00 
20,000.00 
17,990.52i 
15400.001 
21819.50 
0.00 
0.00.
0.00 
0.00 
0.00I 
100.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
15,135.92 
i
4,500.00 
15,500.00 
15,135.92 
15,135.92:
15,000.001
Michael Salnick 
15,000.00 
0.00% 
Doctor Robed Lloyd Goldstein 
1088.75 
13,968.75 
13.968.75 
12,880.25' 
11.792.00 
11,282.311 
0.04j 
0.00 
0.00 
3,398.17 
0.0096
0.00% 
0.0016 
23.15%
-
FJL Associates 
12,88025 
12,880.25 
Eisenberg & Fouts. P.A. 
11,792.004_ 
11,792.00 
Rothstein. Donatelli, Hughes 
Josh Leicht 
14,880.481 
14,680.48 
10,000.00 
10,000.00 
10,000., 
8,742.78 
0.00 
0.001 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Left Law Firm 
8,742.76 
8,742.76 
Peter P. Russo 
8,48500 
8,468.00 
8,468.00 
0.00 
0.00% 
6,925.65 
6.926.85 
8,925.86 
0.00 
0.00% 
JAMS (resolution - part of Niemen) 
7,36345 
7483.85 
7,383.85 
0.00 
0.00% 
Jonathan Wasserman, PA. 
Sitrick and Company Inc. 
8,800.00 
0.00 
6,800.00 
8,800.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00% 
0.00% 
5,870.00 
5,870.00 
5,870.00 
Retailer- Epstein 71 
Robert Carney 
5,000.00 
5,000.00 
5,000.00 
0.00 
0.00% 
5,001.67 
5,001.67 
0.00 
5,00147 
100.00% 
Rubin Katz Law Finn Toast 
5,000.00 
5,000.00 
5,000.00 
0.00 
0.00% 
Brendan White 
4,380.00 
4,380.00 
4,380.00 
0.00 
0.00% 
Stephen R Alexander, Pay. D. 
2,925.00 
2,925.00 
2,925.00 
0.00 
0.00% 
Wiliam L Richey, PA. 
2,347.80 
2.347.80 
2,347.80 .
0.00.
0.00: 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Steven Strumwasser 
0.00 
1,701.64 
1,701.84 
1,701.64, 
Kerry Sheehan 
738.46 
928.31 
1,684.78 
1,664.78 
0.00 
Diannuid White 
I 
1,500.00 
1,500.00 
1,500.00 
0.00 
0.00% 
M.Arda Beskardes, Esq. 
1,300.00, 
1,300.00 
1,300.00 
0.00 
0.00% 
Conser & Associable 
0.00 
1,037.00 
1,037.00 
1,037.00 
0.00 
0.00% 
The Sknons Fkm (New Mexico) 
1,015.791 
1,016.79 
1,015.79 
0.00 
0.00% 
Joe Guastafeno (Craton) 
Email 
r
800.00 
800.00 
0.00 
0.00% 
Tots Legal exp as of 721/2010 
42,192,448.31 
0.00 
-0.00 
-0.00 
-307,525.00 
-1,898,320.66 
39,822,913.24 
39,521,461.19 
301,452.05 
JIM 
111
a) Jack Goldberger trust / expense account allocation needs to be obtained 
i 
i. 
_
EFTA00727861

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727862.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727862.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEE & RELATED ENTITIES 
SUMMARY OF OUTSTANDING & UPCOMING INVOICES 
Outstanding 
Upcoming 
Description 
as of 12/15/09 
thru 3/31/10 
Total 
Legal 
818,550 
1,200,000 
2,018,550 
LSJ 
NES 
19,550 
19,550 
Zorro 
Palm Beach 
Paris 
Aviation 
14,800 
1,851,000 
1,865,800 
HBRK 
125,000 
125,000 
DKI PLLC 
540,000 
540,000 
Miscellaneous 
183,225 
183,225 
Education / Loans 
63.000 
120.000 
183.000 
TOTALS 
896,350 
4,038,775 
4,935,125 
EFTA00727862
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Outstanding Legal Invoices as of 12-15-09 
Total 
Outstanding 
For the period ending 
Invoice 
Paid 
Amount 
Critton 
6/30/09 
191,083.48 
-191,083.48 
0.00 
7/31109 
173,819.06 
-173,819.06 
0.00 
8/31/09 
173,756.65 
-173,756.65 
0.00 
9/30109 
182,951.71 
-182,951.71 
0.00 
10/31/09 
179,383.49 
-179,383.49 
0.00 
11/30/09 
169,586.92 
0.00 
169,586.92 
Total billed 
1,070,581.31 
-900,994.39 
169,586.92 
(balance in trust 237,526) 
Martin Weinber • 
8/31/09 
35,000.00 
-35,000.00 
0.00 
09/30/09 
50,428.20 
-50,428.20 
0.00 
10/31/09 
25,749.70 
0.00 
25,749.70 
11/30/09 
19,333.30 
0.00 
333 30 
Total billed 
130,511.20 
-85,428.20 
45,083.00 
Riley Kiraly 
7/7109 
52,779.88 
-52,779.88 
0.00 
8/3109 
55,941.46 
-50,000.00 
5,941.46 
missing 2 months bills 9999??????????? 
14,734.30 
0.00 
14,734.30 
11/2/09 
11,544.51 
0.00 
11,544.51 
Storage for 3 months 
1,572.90 
1,572.90 
Total billed 
136,573.05 
-102,779.88 
33,793.17 
Roy Black 
7/31/09 
7,155.00 
-25,558.42 
-18,403.42 
8/31109 
13,230.00 
0.00 
13,230.00 
09/30/09 
36,525.09 
-50,000.00 
-13,474.91 
10/31/09 
10,228.58 
0.00 
10,228.58 
11/30/09 
31,591.20 
0.00 
31,591.20 
Total billed 
98,729.87 
-75,558.42 
23,171.45 
Storch 
3/31/09 and prior (I do not have backup) 
75,865.43 
-25,000.00 
50,865.43 
4/30/09 
6,643.00 
0.00 
6,643.00 
5/31/09 
3,213.48 
0.00 
3,213.48 
6/30/09 
(courtesy credit-->) 
13,845.30 
-2,135.00 
11,710.30 
7/31/09 
37,243.73 
0.00 
37,243.73 
8/31/09 
4,350.45 
0.00 
4,350.45 
11/30/09 - do not have details 
334.84 
0.00 
334.84 
EFTA00727863
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Outstanding Legal Invoices as of 12-15-09 
Total 
Outstanding 
For the period ending 
Invoice 
Paid 
Amount 
Total billed 
141,496.23 
-27,135.00 
114,361.23 
0.00 
Reeder & Reeder 
7/12/09 
30,365.00 
-30,365.00 
9/12/09 
5,024.50 
-5,024.50 
0.00 
12/8109 
37,414.94 
0.00 
37,414 94 
Total billed 
804.44 
-35,389.50 
37,414.94 
Strumwasser 
7/10109 
5,681.50 
0.00 
5,681.50 
Total billed 
5,681.50 
0.00 
5,681.50 
Susman Godfrey 
8/31/09 
27,162.57 
0.00 
27,162.57 
8/31/09 
9,933.03 
-37,095.60 
-27,162.57 
10/31/09 
25,057.54 
0.00 
25,057.54 
11/30/09 
2,750.00 
0.00 
2,750.00 
Total billed 
64,903.14 
-37,095.60 
27,807.54 
(Invoice states that firm is holding a 25,000 retainer) 
Cohen & Gresser LLP 
9/30/09 - JEE 
9,481.00 
-9,481.00 
0.00 
10/31/09 - JEE 
476.40 
0.00 
476.40 
10/31/09 - GM 
39,157.54 
0.00 
39,157.54 
Total billed 
49,114.94 
-9,481.00 
39,633.94 
Kirkland & Ellis 
26,334.66 
6/30109 - jane doe 101 litigation 
26,334.66 
0.00 
6/30109 - doj investigation & related lawsuits 
44,591.29 
0.00 
44,591.29 
7/31/09 - doj investigation & related lawsuits 
3,641.60 
0.00 
3,641.60 
7/31/09 - MC Litigation 
2,715.76 
0.00 
2,715.76 
8/31/09 - midnight express 
1,226.50 
0.00 
1,226.50 
8/31109 - MC Litigation 
64,004.74 
0.00 
64,004.74 
8/31109 - DB Zwirn 
12,776.61 
0.00 
12,776.61 
8/31109 - doj investigation & related lawsuits 
4,526.66 
0.00 
4,526.66 
9/30109 - MC Litigation 
31,351.47 
0.00 
31,351.47 
9/30109 - doj investigation & related lawsuits 
48,835.07 
0.00 
48,835.07 
Total billed 
240,004.36 
0.00 
240,004.36 
(note: last bill we paid 80% of and kirkland is still showing an outstanding balance of 54,374.39) 
Richard 
8/6109 
23,145.72 
-23,145.72 
0.00 
EFTA00727864
--- PAGE 4 ---
,Jeffrey Epstein 
Outstanding Legal Invoices as of 12-15-09 
Total 
Outstanding 
For the period ending 
Invoice 
Paid 
Amount 
9/3109 
8,131.20 
0.00 
8,131.20 
9/28/09 
15,833.20 
0.00 
15,833.20 
11/11/09 
19,938.47 
-43.902.87 
-23,964.40 
Total billed 
67,048.591 
-67,048.59 
0.00 
Bruce Reinhart 
7/30/09 - 
9,272.50 
-9,272.50 
0.00 
7/30/09 - Jeffre E stein 
24,947.00 
-24,947.00 
0.00 
11/30/09 - 
I 
& previous w/o detail 
28,497.92 
0.00 
28,497.92 
11/2/09 - Jeffrey Epstein & previosu w/o detail 
2,505.00 
0.00 
2,505.00 
Total billed 
65,222.42 
-34,219.50 
31,002.92 
Kreusler Walsh 
7/1/09 
17,532.75 
-17,532.75 
0.00 
7/24/09 
22,059.56 
-22,059.56 
0.00 
Total billed 
39,592.31 
-39,592.31 
0.00 
K Dema 
5/31/09 
10,084.31 
-25,000.00 
-14,915.69 
8/11/09 - request for new retainer ? 
25,000.00 
-25,000.00 
0.00 
8/11/09 
94,459.98 
-40,000.00 
54,459.98 
Total billed 
129,544.29 
-90,000.00 
39,544.29 
McIntosh 
7/20/09 Statement of Account 
20,107.94 
-20,107.94 
0.00 
8/31/09 (includes prior balance owed) 
5,699.61 
0.00 
5,699.61 
9/30/09 
1,628.15 
0.00 
1,628.15 
10/31/09 
4,136.82 
0.00 
4,136.82 
Total billed 
31,572.52 
-20,107.94 
11,464.58 
(paid by jack) 
TOTAL OUTSTANDING LEGAL BILLS 
818,549.84 
NOTE: 
1)The following were not included above as I did not have their information: 
a) Jack Goldberger 
b) Podhurst 
c) Lawrence Newman 
d) Projected invoices thru 3/31/10 is for 4 months of billing (Dec - Mar) 
ave billing 
300,000 
months= 
1,200,000 
EFTA00727865
--- PAGE 5 ---
JEE & RELteTE€V EgitTrIES 
SUMMARY OF OUTSTANWRIRDSVPCOMITO4 INVOICES 
CONSTRUCTION 
Budget 
Expense 
Remaining 
Office Pavilion 
2,732,459 
2,194,441 
538,018 
Mechanical Building 
3,759,670 
1,738,808 
2,020,861 
Master Suite Expansion 
905,290 
177,183 
728,107 
Office/Master Suite Site Improvements 
428,836 
84,877 
343,959 
Laundry 
221,006 
526 
220,480 
Kitchen 
580,708 
- 
580,708 
Mechanical Desal 
3,234,370 
8,420 
3,225,950 
Main House 
- 
3,895 
(3,895) 
Total Construction Projects 
11,862,339 
4,208,151 
7,654,188 
Hydraulic fittings for machines 
4,993.58 ordered not yet paid for 
Gator Parts 
$ 
1,436.79 ordered not yet paid for 
TELECOM 
Cost 
Status 
Install new fiber optic cabling on the island to replace infrastructure destroyed by laundry room construction. 
$5,437.96 Purchased 12/15/200S 
Test undersea fiber cable delivering service to LSJ prior to performing maintenance 
$4,200.00 Approved 12/16/2009 
Maintenance and repair of fiber delivering service to LSJ; IT room wire rack installation 
$14,800.00 Pending test results 
Costs for terminating MM fiber in each location on LSJ 
$5,500.00 awaiting detailed quot 
Build out new data room in the mechanical building for existing equipment, additions and 6 hour outtage 
$44,000.00 awating detailed quota 
VoIP Phone system 
TBD 
PROPOSED INCREASES 
EFTA00727866
--- PAGE 6 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
eatsto Kirkland-Ellis 
PROPOSED INCREASES 
EFTA00727867
--- PAGE 7 ---
NES LLC 
SUMMARY OF OUTSTANDING & UPCOMING INVOICES 
Outstanding 
Upcoming 
as of 12/15/09 thru 3/31/10 
Total 
Spence Control Valve 
1,750 
1,750 
Hot Water Hearing pump P-6 & New VFD control 
2,500 
Server room - extend duck work 
1,800 
Panel for HVAC control system 
7,500 
Exercise clock for generator 
1,500 
Lutron system repairs 
4,500 
Pendlna Decorator Work 
1st Floor 
Replace entrance rug 
Entrance Lighting 
Oval Office 
Security office - needs new paint & carpet 
Security office - install counter on security counsel 
Security office - TV lounge - remove fabric walls / furniture 
Security office - TV lounge - plaster / paint 
Paint Kitchen & Pantry 
Replace Flooring 
Dining Room replace carpet 
Wall Color 
Overall Room Concept 
2nd Floor 
Elevator entrance - repair french wood scratch 
Elevator entrance - repair french wood scratch 
3rd Floor 
4th Floor 
5th Floor 
TOTAL 
19,550 
1,750 
EFTA00727868
--- PAGE 8 ---
ZORRO 
SUMMARY OF OUTSTANDING & UPCOMING INVOICES 
Outstanding 
Upcoming 
as of 12/15/09 thru 3/31/10 
Total 
Telecom Upgrade 
- 
90,000 
90,000 
Paint & Stucco repair 
Refurbishment of ranch central, picket fences, irrigation & grass 
TOTALS 
90,000 
90,000 
EFTA00727869
--- PAGE 9 ---
PARIS 
SUMMARY OF OUTSTANDING & UPCOMING INVOICES 
Outstanding 
as of 12/15/09 
Upcoming
thru 3/31/10 
Total 
TOTALS 
EFTA00727870
--- PAGE 10 ---
PALM BEACH 
SUMMARY OF OUTSTANDING & UPCOMING INVOICES 
Outstanding 
Upcoming 
as of 12/15/09 thru 3/31/10 
Total 
Plant Dynamics 
2,925 
2,925 
(50 % balance due upon completion of fertilization & pesticide treatment) 
TOTALS 
2,925 
2,925 
EFTA00727871
--- PAGE 11 ---
AIRCRAFT 
SUMMARY OF OUTSTANDING & UPCOMING INVOICES 
Outstanding 
Upcoming 
as of 12/15/09 thru 3/31/10 
Total 
AIR GHISLAINE 
Final payment on Sikorsky 76-C++ 
1,220,000 
1,220,000 
(note this will come out of 1031 funds which has a balance of 4,393,055 as of 11/30/09) 
Bell 407 - annual inspection (estimate) 
34.000 
34.000 
1,254,000 
1,254,000 
JEGE 
Quiet Wing - remainder of fuel tank repair 
200,000 
200,000 
C Check Inspection - due every 7 years 
296,000 
296,000 
Wing corrosion repair 
32,000 
32,000 
Removal & replace fuel tanks (1,200 hours x $45) 
54.000 
54.000 
582,000 
582,000 
HYPERION 
Midcoast - misc calender due items 
14,800 
14,800 
Gulfstream - start valve (estimate) 
15.000 
15.000 
14.800 
15,000 
29,800 
TOTAL 
14.800 
1,851.000 
1,865,800 
EFTA00727872
--- PAGE 12 ---
HBRK ASSOCIATES 
SUMMARY OF OUTSTANDING & UPCOMING INVOICES 
Outstanding 
Upcoming 
as of 12/15/09 thru 3/31/10 
Total 
Funding approved of 250k yet only 125k pd 
125,000 
125,000 
TOTAL 
125,000 
125,000 
EFTA00727873
--- PAGE 13 ---
DKI PLLC 
SUMMARY OF OUTSTANDING & UPCOMING INVOICES 
Outstanding 
Upcoming 
as of 12/15/09 thru 3/31/10 
Total 
Funding approved of 250k yet only 50k pd 
200,000 
200,000 
NYC UBT Tax -2008 
65,000 
65,000 
NYC UBT Tax -2009 (Q1) 
25,000 
25,000 
DKI Additional Lump Payment 
250,000 
250,000 
TOTALS 
540,000 
540,000 
EFTA00727874
--- PAGE 14 ---
MISCELLANEOUS 
SUMMARY OF OUTSTANDING & UPCOMING INVOICES 
Outstanding 
Upcoming 
as of 12/15/09 
thru 3/31/10 
Total 
Life Insurance Premium - 75mm policy 
108,225 
108,225 
George Delson - projected add billings 
75,000 
75,000 
TOTALS 
183,225 
183,225 
EFTA00727875
--- PAGE 15 ---
EDUCATION / LOANS 
SUMMARY OF OUTSTANDING & UPCOMING INVOICES 
Outstanding 
Upcoming 
as of 12/15/09 
thru 3/31/10 
Total 
Cecile 
38,000 
38,000 
Jeanne 
Larry 
25,000 
25,000 
HBRK via Harry proposal 
120,000 
120,000 
TOTALS 
63,000 
120,000 
183,000 
EFTA00727876
--- PAGE 16 ---
HBRK Associates 
Payroll Analysis 
2010 
2008 
2008 
Total 
2009 
2009 
Total 
Pay 
Pay 
Education 
Employee 
Salary 
Bonus 
2008 
Salary 
Bonus 
2009 
Cut $ 
Cut % 
Estimate 
Emad Hanna 
105,000 
10,000 
115,000 
94,500 
- 
94,500 
20,500 
18% a 
15,000 
William 
115,000 
- 
115,000 
103,500 
- 
103,500 
11,500 
10% 
-
Harry Beller 
225,000 
75,000 
300,000 
202,500 
- 
202,500 
97,500 
33% 
60,000 
Rich Kahn 
215,000 
25,000 
240,000 
193,500 
- 
193,500 
46,500 
19% 
17,500 
Bella Klein 
100,000 
10,000 
110,000 
90,000 
- 
90,000 
20,000 
18% 
27.500
Total HBRK Payroll 
760,000 
120,000 
880,000 
684,000 
- 
684,000 
196,000 
120,000 
a Assumes that Emad son will receive a college scholarshr. If he does not then this number can be 30,000 - 35,000 
EFTA00727877

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727878.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727878.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 1 
Tina 
Editor 
Daily Beast 
New York, NY 
Re Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Ms. 
This letter is written for the purpose of requesting that you review both the 
accuracy of a series of past articles originating with the Dail Beast, each 
authored by one of the Daily Beast's contributing writers, 
and the appropriateness of the Daily Beast disseminating any further articles 
about Mr. Epstein — a very real likelihood, given an email sent to our client 
by the writer, absent your intervention. We ask you to conduct this review 
for the purpose of determining (a) whether the facts as stated in the prior 
(and the prospective future) articles are accurate and (b) whether the 
intensity of multiple repetitive articles is appropriate. 
Mr. Epstein, as you may know, has completed his state sentence for events 
that occurred over five years ago. There have been no allegations of any 
improper conduct since the fall of 2005. Mr Epstein, instead, has returned to 
his life as a philanthropist and financial advisor. The series of three articles 
published on July 21, July 22, and July 29, 2010 have already done 
significant damage to Mr. Epstein. Given that they contain provably 
untruthful inaccuracies and omissions of material fact, we are asking you to 
defer any future articles authored by Ms. 
until such a time as you 
can review the articles, and, if possible, meet with us to discuss the subject 
matter. 
EFTA00727878
--- PAGE 2 ---
Without in anyway providing each inaccuracy, just several examples 
should illustrate the seriousness with which we view the issue, and our 
request for your intervention: 
1. One of the two principal sources for Ms 
articles is a former 
Miami bookeeper for the mocS ariailC2, 
see eg 7-22-10 article, 
bulletpoint 5. Her name is 
. She plead guilty to grand 
theft in the first degree in the 11th Judicial Circuit Court for Dade County, 
Florida, on December 3, 2007 and was sentenced to 1 year of community 
control and 19 years of probation as a result of her embezzling $148,000 
from the modeling agencies for which she was employed (Case No F07-
10933). She was also charged with Organized Fraud — Scheme to Defraud. 
She is an untrustworthy biased source of information. The information 
regarding her criminal charge and conviction and its direct relationship to 
her motive to give false testimony was available to your reporter but omitted 
from her articles; 
2. Mr. Epstein did not, as your articles claim, see eg 7-22-10 bullet point 4, 
give Mr Brunel $1,000,000 to start his modeling agency; 
3. Despite both a state and federal investigation, Mr. Epstein has never 
been charged — and never participated — in wrongful conduct, 
particularly molesting three 12 year olds as alleged by Ms. 
in her 
articles, see eg 7-21-10 nor has this allegation been made in prior civil 
cases as alleged by Ms. 
4. No civil plaintiff has ever been on Mr. Epstein's planes or named in his 
af
t lo s, com are to Ms 
allegations on 7-22-10; 
was not 14 when she came to the United States and is 
5. 
not 24 at the time of Ms. 
7-21-10 article; 
6. Ms. 
who is quoted by Ms. 
in her 7-21-10 article as 
saying that Mr. Epstein told her the "younger the better" also told the 
Palm Beach police in the very same tape recorded interview that Mr. 
Epstein said "he likes the girls that are between the ages of like 18 and 
20" a, 
Taped Interview, pg. 12); 
7. Mr. Epstein never "committed" nor even considered (much less agreed) 
to a 10 year federal sentence (compare to Ms 
7-21-10 
contention); 
8. Ms. 
second unreliable source of information, plaintiffs 
attorney 
Edwards, see 7-21-10 article, is being sued by Mr. Epstein 
for wrongdoing related to his partnership with Scott Rothstein, another 
important fact about motivation that was omitted from the series of 
articles; 
EFTA00727879
--- PAGE 3 ---
9. 7 plaintiffs did not each receive $1,000,000 during the week of July 14, 
2010 as claimed by Ms 
see 7-22-10; 
10.Mr. Epstein has not been accused of "sex trafficking", nor has he 
committed "sex traffickin:t
ior is he being investigated for "sex 
trafficking" despite Ms. 
allegations, see articles of 7-21-10 
bullet point 4 and 7-29-10 and despite Ms 
stating in her 7-29-10 
article that federal sources declined to comment on such an incendiary 
allegation; 
11.Dr. Stephen Alexander's telephone has not been disconnected with no 
forwarding number as claimed by Ms. 
in her July 29, 2010 
article 
We request that you conduct an independent review of the integrity of the 
three prior articles and delay disseminating a fourth until after the review. 
We remain available to meet with you 
YT 
EFTA00727880

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727881.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 1 
Tina 
Editor 
Daily Beast 
New York, NY 
Re Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Ms. 
This letter is written for the purpose of requesting that you review both the 
accuracy of a series of past articles originating with the Dail Beast, each 
authored by one of the Daily Beast's contributing writers, 
and the appropriateness of the Daily Beast disseminating any further articles 
about Mr. Epstein — a very real likelihood, given an email sent to our client 
by the writer, absent your intervention. We ask you to conduct this review 
for the purpose of determining (a) whether the facts as stated in the prior 
(and the prospective future) articles are accurate and (b) whether the 
intensity of multiple repetitive articles is appropriate. 
Mr. Epstein, as you may know, has completed his state sentence for events 
that occurred over five years ago. There have been no allegations of any 
improper conduct since the fall of 2005. Mr Epstein, instead, has returned to 
his life as a philanthropist and financial advisor. The series of three articles 
published on July 21, July 22, and July 29, 2010 have already done 
significant damage to Mr. Epstein. Given that they contain provably 
untruthful inaccuracies and omissions of material fact, we are asking you to 
defer any future articles authored by Ms. 
until such a time as you 
can review the articles, and, if possible, meet with us to discuss the subject 
matter. 
EFTA00727881
--- PAGE 2 ---
Without in anyway providing each inaccuracy, just several examples 
should illustrate the seriousness with which we view the issue, and our 
request for your intervention: 
1. One of the two principal sources for Ms 
articles is a former 
Miami bookeeper for the moSaialv1C2, see eg 7-22-10 article, 
bulletpoint 5. Her name is 
. She plead guilty to grand 
theft in the first degree in the 11th Judicial Circuit Court for Dade County, 
Florida, on December 3, 2007 and was sentenced to 1 year of community 
control and 19 years of probation as a result of her embezzling $148,000 
from the modeling agencies for which she was employed (Case No F07-
10933). She was also charged with Organized Fraud — Scheme to Defraud. 
She is an untrustworthy biased source of information. The information 
regarding her criminal charge and conviction and its direct relationship to 
her motive to give false testimony was available to your reporter but omitted 
from her articles; 
2. Mr. Epstein did not, as your articles claim, see eg 7-22-10 bullet point 4, 
give Mr Brunel $1,000,000 to start his modeling agency; 
3. Despite both a state and federal investigation, Mr. Epstein has never been 
charged — and never participated — in wrongful conduct, particularly 
molesting three 12 year olds as alleged by Ms. 
in her articles, see eg 
7-21-10 nor has this allegation been made in prior civil cases as alleged by 
Ms. 
4. No civil plaintiff has ever been on Mr. Epstein's planes or named in his 
flight logs, com are to Ms 
allegations on 7-22-10; 
5. 
was not 14 when she came to the United States and is 
not 24 at the time of Ms. 
7-21-10 article; 
6. Ms. 
, who is quoted by Ms. 
in her 7-21-10 article as 
saying that Mr. Epstein told her the "younger the better" also told the Palm 
Beach police in the very same tape recorded interview that Mr.thtsaid 
"he likes the girls that are between the ages of like 18 and 20" 
Taped Interview, pg. 12); 
8. Mr. Epstein never "committed" nor even considered (much less agreed) to 
a 10 year federal sentence com are to Ms 
7-21-10 contention) a 
claim attributed to Ms 
second source plaintiff's attorney 
Edwards; 
9. Ms. la 
deliberately omitted the important fact that attorney Edwards 
is being sued by Mr. Epstein for wrongdoing related to his partnership with 
Scott Rothstein, just as she omitted any context for the allegations attributed 
to the prior bookkeeper 
see par 1 supra; 
EFTA00727882
--- PAGE 3 ---
10. 7 plaintiffs did not each receive $1,000,000 during the week of July 14, 
2010 as claimed by Ms 
see 7-22-10; 
11. Mr. Epstein has not been accused of "sex trafficking", nor has he 
committed "sex trafficking" nor is he, to the knowledge of any of his 
attorneys, being investigated for "sex trafficking" despite Ms. 
repeated allegations to the contrary, see articles of 7-21-10 bullet point 4 and 
7-29-10. Given Ms 
concession in her 7-29-10 article that federal 
sources declined to comment on such an incendiary allegation we would 
question whether there exists a trustworthy source for this claim; 
12. Dr. Stephen Alexander's telephone has not been disconnected with no 
forwarding number as claimed by Ms. 
in her July 29, 2010 article 
We request that you conduct an independent review of the integrity of the 
three prior articles and delay disseminating a fourth until after the review. 
We remain available to meet with you 
YT 
EFTA00727883

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727884.pdf
----------------------------------------
FROM: 
Darren K Indyke 
DATE: 
September 2, 2009 
RE: 
Requests for Financial Assistance 
Due to this unrelenting economic downturn, I think we all need to be more realistic 
about our expectations regarding requests to Jeffrey for financial assistance. I am 
referring specifically to requests for family members' school tuition and related 
assistance. In prior economic times, Jeffrey was quite happy to help and I am sure 
that everyone is grateful for his incredible generosity. I can't think of any other 
employer so concerned about the financial well-being of employees and their 
families. Under different circumstances, I do not doubt that Jeffrey would want to 
help ease all of our financial burdens. But the unfortunate fact is that times have 
changed, and it is simply unfair to continue to request him to provide such 
assistance. 
I am therefore asking everyone to discontinue requests to Jeffrey to provide family 
member tuition and related assistance. Please understand that no currently 
outstanding requests for assistance can be granted, and no future requests for 
assistance should be forwarded to Jeffrey. 
I am hopeful that the economy will take a turn for the better in the future, but for 
now, there is simply no way around this. I know that this is difficult, but we all need 
to figure out our own ways to meet our own financial demands. I would like to keep 
Jeffrey out of this and would appreciate it if you would not contact him about it. 
EFTA00727884

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727885.pdf
----------------------------------------
MEMORANDUM 
TO: 
Ted Serure 
FROM: 
Jeffrey Epstein - Donor 
DATE: 
July 12, 2010 
RE: 
Termination of Palm Beach Trust 
Account No. 044-13706 
On June 28, 2010, the term of the Palm Beach Trust (the "Trust") expired and 
the Trust terminated. In accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement of 
the Trust (the "Trust Agreement"), upon such termination, after making payment of 
all unitrust amounts to the Donor required under the Trust Agreement, the 
remainder of the Trust is required to be distributed to J. Epstein Foundation, now 
known as Epstein Interests. Unitrust payments owing to the Donor under the Trust 
Agreement amount to $3,096.86. 
Accordingly, in connection with the termination of the Trust, please close the 
above referenced account of the Trust (Account No. 044-13706) and transfer from 
that account: (1) the sum of $3,096.86 to the account of Jeffrey Epstein (Account No. 
038-28825); and (2) the remaining balance of $702.75 to the account of Epstein 
Interests (f/k/a the J. Epstein Foundation) (Account No. 038-39970). 
Thank you for your assistance. 
EFTA00727885

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727886.pdf
----------------------------------------
MEMORANDUM 
TO: 
Ted Serure 
FROM: 
Jeffrey Epstein - Donor 
DATE: 
June 29, 2010 
RE: 
Termination of Palm Beach Trust 
Account No. 044-13706 
On June 28, 2010, the term of the Palm Beach Trust (the "Trust") expired and 
the Trust terminated. In accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement of 
the Trust (the "Trust Agreement"), upon such termination, after making payment of 
all unitrust amounts to the Donor required under the Trust Agreement, the 
remainder of the Trust is required to be distributed to J. Epstein Foundation, now 
known as Epstein Interests. Unitrust payments owing to the Donor under the Trust 
Agreement amount to $3,096.86. 
Accordingly, in connection with the termination of the Trust, please close the 
above referenced account of the Trust (Account No. 044-13706) and transfer from 
that account: (1) the sum of $3,096.86 to the account of Jeffrey Epstein (Account No. 
038-28825); and (2) the remaining balance of $702.75 to the account of Epstein 
Interests (f/k/a the J. Epstein Foundation) (Account No. 038-39970). 
Thank you for your assistance. 
EFTA00727886

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727887.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear 
On November 2 you emailed asking whether or not Mr. Epstein's place of 
employment remained constant. It has. I have reviewed a Google map to 
re-confirm that the distance between that place of employment and the 
location where he was stopped by Palm Beach Police is less than 3 miles 
(and that the location where he was walking was on a direct route to his 
place of work). 
More broadly, however, significant disclosures of information have 
occurred over the past 5 weeks largely as an outgrowth of the federal 
investigation and prosecution of attorney Scott Rothstein. I wanted to 
provide you notice that a state civil RICO lawsuit will be filed today 
charging Rothstein, his partner 
Edwards, and others with tortious and 
fraudulent abuses of process which resulted in injury to our client Mr. 
Epstein. 
As you may know, Rothstein's firm represents three of the
 who 
have brought civil lawsuits a ainst Mr. Epstein. They are 
and 
Rothstein and his law partners and 
employees investigated and litigated these cases with moneys derived from 
his underlying criminal fraudulent misrepresentations to various investors 
who were deceived into believing Rothstein's claims that he had the witness 
list that had been provided to others in confidence, that he had a copy of the 
NPA, that his investigators had sophisticated electronic bugging equipment, 
and that Epstein had tried to settle the cases for $200 million dollars, when 
in fact there had been no such discussions about any settlement at any price. 
As a lawsuit brought by certain of the investors claimed, Epstein was used as 
bait by Rothstein, and by Edwards whose litigation strategy, media 
pronouncements, and investigatory initiatives were clearly calculated to 
support Rothstein's deceptions rather than advance the positions of his 
clients. I bring these facts to your attention so that if you have had contact 
with Edwards or those associated with him in the past regarding Mr. Epstein, 
that you consider not having continued communications with him or them in 
the future. 
I would welcome a short in person conference with you at your earliest 
convenience so that we can discuss Mr. Epstein's progress through the state 
criminal justice system, several outstanding issues that I want to make sure 
you have accurate information about, and, from my perspective, most 
importantly, so that I can provide Mr. Epstein with proper counsel going 
forward. 
Thanks 
EFTA00727887

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727888.pdf
----------------------------------------
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
AND AHILJATED PARTNERSHIPS 
601 Lexington Avenue 
New York, New York 10022 
Jay P. Lelkowitz, P.C. 
To Call Writer Directly: 
(212) 446-4800 
Facsimile: 
anwr.kirkland.com 
Dir. F
(212) 446-4900 
Fax::
 446-6460 
September 23, 2010 
VIA HAND DELIVERY & FED EX 
Ms. Tina 
Editor 
The Daily Beast 
555 W. 18th Street 
New York, NY 10011 
Re: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Ms. =, 
This letter is written for the purpose of requesting that you review both the accuracy of a 
series of past articles originatiwith The Daily Beast, each authored by one of The Daily 
Beast's contributing writers, 
=, 
and the appropriateness of The Daily Beast's 
publication of any further articles about Mr. Epstein. 
We ask you to conduct this review for the purpose of determining (a) whether the facts as 
stated in the prior (and any prospective) articles are accurate and (b) whether the intensity of 
repetitive articles is appropriate. As you may know, Mr. Epstein has completed his state 
sentence for events that occurred over five years ago. There have been no allegations of any 
improper conduct since the fall of 2005. Mr. Epstein has now returned to his life as a 
philanthropist and financial advisor. 
The series of three articles published in The Daily Beast on July 21, July 22, and July 29, 
2010 have already done significant damage to Mr. Epstein. Given that they contain provably 
untruthful inaccuracies and omissions of material fact, we ask you to defer any future articles 
authored by Ms. 
about Mr. Epstein until such a time as you can review the articles, and 
meet with us to discuss the subject matter. 
Without in any way addressing each and every inaccuracy, just several examples should 
illustrate the seriousness with which we view the issue, and demonstrate the necessity for our 
request for your intervention: 
1. 
One of the two principal sources for Ms 
s articles is a former 
Miami bookkeeper for the modeling agency MC2, see e.g. 7-22-10 article, bullet point 5. Her 
Chicago 
Hong Kong 
London 
Los Angeles 
Munich 
Pab Alto 
San Francisco 
Shanghai 
Washington, D.C. 
EFTA00727888
--- PAGE 2 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Ms. Tina 
September 23, 2010 
Page 2 
name is 
She plead guilty to grand theft in the first degree in the 11th Judicial 
Circuit Court for Dade County, Florida, on December 3, 2007 and was sentenced to 1 year of 
community control and 19 years of probation as a result of her embezzling $148,000 from the 
modeling agencies for which she was employed (Case No F07-10933). She was also charged 
with Organized Fraud — Scheme to Defraud. She is an untrustworthy biased source of 
information. The information regarding her criminal charge and conviction and its direct 
relationship to her motive to give false testimony was confirmed to be known to your reporter 
but omitted from her articles. It is reckless and irresponsible to rely on her as a source, 
especially without disclosing her criminal conviction and bias in the articles; 
2. 
Mr. Epstein did not, as your articles claim, see e.g. 7-22-10 bullet point 4, 
give Mr. Brunel $1,000,000 to start his modeling agency; 
3. 
Ms. =, 
who is quoted by Ms. 
in her 7-21-10 article as saying 
that Mr. Epstein told her the "younger the better" also told the Palm Beach police in the very 
same tape recorded interview that Mr. Epstein said "he likes the girls that are between the ages of 
like 18 and 20" (=l, 
Taped Interview, pg. 12); 
4. 
Mr. Epstein never "comm 
" r even considered (much less agreed) 
"to a 10sfederal sentence" (compare to Ms. 
s 7-21-10 contention), a claim attributed 
to Ms. 
second source, plaintiff's attorney 
Edwards, who continues to bring 
lawsuits against Mr. Epstein; 
is being sued by Mr. EpstelProngdoing related to his partnership with Scott Rothstein, a 
5. 
Ms. 
deliberately omitted the important fact that attorney Edwards 
perpetrator of the largest fraud in South Florida h
est as she omitted any context for the 
allegations attributed to the bookkeeper, 
see par 1 supra; 
Ms 
Sevilitittiffs did not each receive $1,000,000 during the week of July 
14, 2010 as claimed by M 
see 7-22-10; 
7. 
Mr. Epstein has not been accused of "sex trafficking," nor has he 
committed "sex trafficking" nor is he, to the knowledge of any of his attorneys, being 
investigated for "sex trafficking," despite Ms. EMs repeated allegations to the contrary, see 
articles of 7-21-10 bullet point 4 and 7-29-10. As I'm sure you are aware, the publication of 
false allegations of criminal conduct is defamatory per se. The Daily Beast should proceed 
carefully before publishing or republishing such allegations. 
EFTA00727889
--- PAGE 3 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Ms. Tina 
September 23, 2010 
Page 3 
We request that you conduct an independent review of the integrity of the three prior 
articles and delay publishing any further articles about Mr. Epstein until after such review. We 
would be pleased to meet with you to discuss these matters further in order to avoid any further 
harm to Mr. Epstein. 
We request that the Daily Best treat the issues raised in this letter with the seriousness 
that Mr. Epstein deserves and that you owe to the public as a responsible journalistic enterprise. 
Please forward a copy of this letter to your counsel. 
Sincerely, 
Js P. Leflcowtiz 
JL/kla 
EFTA00727890

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727891.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 1 of 17 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 
PODHURST ORSECK, P.A. 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
COMPLAINT 
Plaintiff, Podhurst Orseck, P.A., sues Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, for attorney's fees and 
costs incurred in the representation of over a dozen minor women sexually abused and exploited 
by Defendant, and for which Defendant expressly agreed to pay pursuant to a Non-Prosecution 
Agreement that he entered into with the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District 
of Florida. Plaintiff further alleges: 
ALLEGATIONS PERTAINING TO ALL COUNTS 
Jurisdiction
I. 
Plaintiff, Podhurst Orseck, P.A. ("Podhurst firm" or "Plaintiff') is a law firm 
organized and operating as a professional association under the laws of the State of Florida with 
offices in Miami-Dade County, Florida. 
For over four decades, the Podhurst firm has 
concentrated its practice exclusively in trial and appellate litigation in both federal and state 
COUR. 
2. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein" or "Defendant', is fifty-seven years old 
and is a convicted sexual offender who is a citizen of the Territory of the United States Virgin 
Islands, where he owns a residence on his own private 70-acre island called "Little St. James." 
EFTA00727891
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 2 of 17 
3. 
This Court has diversity jurisdiction pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1332(aXI) because 
the parties are from different states, and federal question jurisdiction pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 
1331 because the claims brought are founded on federal common law and implicate a unique 
federal interest, for they relate to a Non-Prosecution Agreement entered into by the United States 
of America, through the United States Attorney's Office for die outhern District of Florida 
("USAO"). 
Venue 
4. 
Defendant currently can be found in Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida, at 
his mansion located at 358 El Brillo Way, valued at $6.8 million. 
Until June 2008, he 
maintained his principal place of residence in the largest dwelling in Manhattan, a 51,000-
square-foot eight-story mansion on the Upper East Side. Defendant also owns a S30 million, 
7,500 —acre ranch in New Mexico. In addition to these properties and the Island of Little St. 
James, and upon information and belief, Defendant is believed to own, or has owned, either 
directly or indirectly, various residences, including an apartment on the prestigious Avenue Foch 
in Paris, France; a Boeing 727, a. Gulfstream jet, and a helicopter; and a fleet of luxury 
automobiles, including a Ferrari 575 M. 
5. 
Defendant currently remains in Florida subject to community control while 
completing a sentence pursuant to a plea of guilty to two felony counts - - Solicitation of 
Prostitution and Procuring Person Under 18 for Prostitution - - entered in state court in Palm 
Beach County on June 30, 2008. As one of several conditions of his sentence, Defendant was 
designated as a Sexual Offender pursuant to Florida law. 
EFTA00727892
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 3 of 17 
6. 
Plaintiff's third-party claims are derived from a Non-Prosecution Agreement 
between the United States of America, through the USAO and Defendant, which was executed 
on or about October 30, 2007 and consists of an initial agreement ("Agreement") and an 
Addendum ("Addendum"), which, collectively, are referred to as the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement ("NPA"). eittacWiterekt.ps.CQMPOsfite Exhibit A. 
7. 
Defendant and one of his several attorneys signed the Agreement in New York on 
September 24, 2007 and the Addendum on September 29, 2007. Upon information and belief, 
another counsel for Epstein executed the Agreement on September 24, 2007 and the Addendum 
on October 29, 2007 while in California or Miami. The Assistant United States Attorney who 
investigated Defendant signed the NPA on September 27, 2007 in West Palm Beach, Florida on 
behalf of the USAO, whose main office was in Miami, Dade-County, Florida. The last person to 
sign the agreement was the Chief Assistant United States Attorney, who signed the Addendum 
for the USAO in Miami on October 30, 2007.' 
The Non-Prosecution Agreement 
8. 
The NPA provided that the USAO and the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI") 
had investigated Defendant for sexually related federal crimes involving minor females, 
including, but not limited to, the following: 
(I) 
knowingly and willfully conspiring with others known and unknown to 
commit an offense against the United States, that is, to use a facility or 
means of interstate or foreign commerce to knowingly persuade, induce, 
or entice minor females to engage in prostitution, in violation of Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2422(b); all in violation of Title 18, United 
States Code, Section 371; 
On December 7, 2007, Epstein signed a one-sentence Affirmation of the NPA and 
Addendum, which he acknowledged were dated October 30, 2007. 
EFTA00727893
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 4 of 17 
(2) 
knowingly and willfully conspiring with others known and unknown to 
travel in interstate commerce for the purpose of engaging in illicit sexual 
conduct, as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2423(f), with minor females in 
violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2423(b); all in violation 
of Title 18, United States Code Section 2423(e); 
(3) 
using a facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce to knowingly 
persuade, induce, or entice minor females to engage in prostitution; in 
violation of Title 18, United States Cock, Sections 2422(6) and 2; 
(4) 
traveling in interstate commerce for the purpose of engaging in illicit 
sexual conduct, as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2423(f), with minor females; in 
violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2423(b); and 
(5) 
knowingly, in and affecting interstate and foreign commerce, recruiting, 
enticing, and obtaining by any means a person, knowing that the person 
had not attained the age of 18 years and would be caused to engage in a 
commercial sex act as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 1591(cX1); in violation of 
Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1591(aX1) and 2. 
9. 
The NPA further provided that federal prosecution for these crimes would be 
deferred in favor of prosecution by state authorities, provided that Defendant abided by all of the 
terms and conditions set forth in the NPA. 
10. 
Among the terms to which Epstein expressly agreed was the appointment of an 
attorney representative to represent the young women he victimized as minors by his illicit, 
sexual conduct. 
11. 
Epstein not only agreed to the appointment of the attorney representative, but 
agreed to pay for any fees and costs that the attorney representative incurred before, during, and 
through settlement of the various cases. More specifically, Epstein agreed to the following: 
7. 
The United States shall provide Epstein's attorneys with a 
list of individuals whom it has identified as victims, as 
defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2255, after Epstein has signed this 
agreement and been sentenced. Upon the execution of this 
agreement, the United States, in consultation with and 
subject to the good 
approval of Epstein's counsel, 
shall select an attorney representative for these persons, 
who shall be paid for by Epstein. Epstein's counsel may 
EFTA00727894
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 5 of 17 
contact 
the 
identified 
individuals 
through 
that 
representative. 
7A. 
The United States has the right to assign to an independent 
third-party the 
good 
approval 
for consulting with and, 
subject to the good 
approval of Epstein's counsel, 
selecting the attorney representative for the individuals 
identified under the Agreement. If the United States elects 
to assign this responsibility to an independent third-party, 
both the lialad States and Epstein retain the right to 
make good
 objections to the attorney representative 
suggested by the independent third-party prior to the final 
designation of the attorney representative. 
7C. 
Pursuant to additional paragraph74 Epstein has agreed 
to pay the fees of the attorney representative selected by 
the independent third party. This provision, however, 
shall not obligate Epstein to pay the fees and costs of 
contested litigation filed against him. 
Thus, if after 
consideration of potential settlements, an attorney 
representative elects to file a contested lawsuit pursuant to 
IS U.S.C. § 2255 or elects to pursue any other contested 
remedy, the paragraph 7 obligation of the Agreement to pay 
the costs of the attorney representative, as opposed to any 
statutory or other obligations to pay reasonable attorneys 
fees and costs such as those contained in § 2255 to bear the 
costs of the attorney representative, shall cease. 
8. 
If any of the individuals referred to in paragraph (7), supra, 
elects to file suit pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255, Epstein will 
not contest the jurisdiction of the United States District 
Court for the Southern District of Florida over his person 
and/or the subject matter, and Epstein waives his right to 
contest liability and also waives his right to contest 
damages up to and an amount as agreed to between the 
identified individuals and Epstein, so long as the identified 
individuals elect to proceed exclusively under 18 U.S. C. § 
2255, and agrees to waive any other claim for damages, 
whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law. 
Notwithstanding this waiver, as to those individuals whose 
names appear on the list provided by the United States, 
Epstein's signature on this agreement, his waivers and 
failures to contest liability and such damages in any suit are 
not to be construed as an admission of any criminal or civil 
liability. 
EFTA00727895
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 6 of 17 
12. 
According to the NPA, Epstein's failure to pay the fees and costs of the attorney 
representative would constitute a material breach of the NPA because, by "signing this 
agreement, Epstein assert[ed] and certifie[d] that each of [the NPA's] terms is material to this 
agreement and is supported by independent consideration and that a breach of any one of these 
conditions allows the United States to elect to terminate the [NPA] and to investigate and 
prosecute Epstein and any other individual or entity for any and all federal offenses." 
13. 
The attorney representative who was to counsel, advise, and represent the young 
women who, as minors, were victimized by Defendant's illicit, sexual conduct was to be chosen 
by a Special Master, The Honorable Edward B. 
former Chief Judge of the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of Florida, whose office was in Miami, Florida. The 
Special Master was instructed by the USAO to identify a lawyer with extraordinary experience 
and abilities. Specifically, in selecting the attorney representative, the USAO instructed the 
Special Master that, "glue to the circumstances of the case and the number and caliber of the 
attorneys who represent Mr. Epstein, in selecting the victims' attorney representative, the United 
States suggests that you consider the following criteria:" 
1. 
Experience doing both plaintiffs' and defense litigation. 
2. 
Experience with state and federal statutory and common law tort claims. 
3. 
The ability to communicate effectively with young women. 
4. 
Experience litigating against large law firms and high profile attorneys 
who may test the veracity of the victims' claims. 
5. 
Sensitivity to the nature of the suit and the victims' interest in maintaining 
their privacy. 
6. 
Experience litigating in federal court in the Southern District of Florida. 
EFTA00727896
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 7 of 17 
7. 
The resources to hire experts and others, while working on a contingency 
fee basis, in order to prepare for trial, if a settlement cannot be reached 
(defense counsel has reserved the right to challenge such litigation). 
8. 
The ability to negotiate effectively. 
Letter dated October 25, 2001 from First Assistant United States Attorney to the Honorable 
Edward B. M(Ret), attached hereto as Exhibit B. 
14. 
The attorney representative recommended by the Special Master and agreed to by 
the USA() and Epstein was .= 
C. Josefsberg, Esq., a partner in the .Podhurst_firm.. .. A__ 
graduate of Darmouth College and Yale Law School, Mr. Josefsberg is one of Florida's premier 
trial lawyers. For years he has been listed in the Best Lawyers in America as both a business 
litigator and a criminal defense lawyer, and, since 2003, has been listed in Chambers & Farmers 
as one of the top four commercial litigators in Florida. Mr. Josefsberg is a past President and 
Dean of the International Academy of Trial lawyers, a fellow of the American College of Trial 
Lawyers, and a Member of the American Board of Trial Advocates. Throughout his career, Mr. 
Josefsberg has received numerous awards, including the David Dyer Professionalism Award and 
the Tobias Simon Pro Bono Award, which is "presented annually by the Chief Justice [of the 
Florida Supreme Court) to the attorney who best exemplifies the highest ideals of the profession 
in assuring the availability of legal services to the poor." 
IS. 
Mr. Josefsberg devoted his time and effort as the attorney representative for those 
victims of Defendant who chose to avail themselves of his services according to the terms 
provided in the NPA. The attorney representative began his work relying upon the obligation of 
Defendant to pay his fees and costs, as well as the representation of Defendant's counsel that the 
attorney representative would be paid his "usual and customary hourly rates" for his work. 
EFTA00727897
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 8 of 17 
Letter dated September 2, 2008 from Epstein's counsel to Assistant United States Attorney, 
attached hereto as Exhibit C. 
16. 
Throughout the defense of the claims that were made by the young women being 
represented by the attorney representative, as well as the settlement of those claims, Epstein was 
represented by a large number of nationally and locally recognized lawyers, including, but not 
limited to, Kenneth Starr, Esq. and Jay Lefkowitz, Esq. of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, a global law 
_fun with approxitnately_1,500 lawyers; Alan_Dershowitz, the renowned Harvard Law Professor 
who has been called the "top lawyer of last resort in the country;" Roy Black, Esq., recognized as 
one of the country's premier trial lawyers; Martin G. Weinberg, Esq., one of the country's most 
prominent criminal defense lawyers; Jack A. Goldberger, Esq., a prominent Palm Beach lawyer; 
and 
D. Critton, Jr., Esq. and Michael Burman, Esq. of the firm Burman, Critton Luttier & 
Coleman, LLP, a prominent Palm Beach law firm. 
17. 
Because of the number and caliber of lawyers representing Epstein, as well as the 
number of women being represented and the severe psychological injuries that these young 
women had sustained as victims of Epstein, the attorney representative recognized early on that 
he would need additional support from both inside and outside the Podhurst firm. 
This 
additional support was critical to ensure that these women were thoroughly and adequately 
represented. Accordingly, the attorney representative, Mr. Josefsberg, sought and obtained the 
assistance of his partner, Katherine W. Ezell, other employees of the firm, and two independent 
contractors, Amy Josefsberg Eden, Esq. and Susan E. Bennett, Esq., who were chosen for their 
respective skills and experience (collectively, the "team"). Epstein, either directly or through 
one of his many lawyers, was aware of the specific lawyers assisting the attorney representative. 
EFTA00727898
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 9 of 17 
18. 
As a result of, and in reliance upon, the representations of Defendant and his 
attorneys, and pursuant to Defendant's obligations in the NPA, Mr. Josefsberg and his team 
undertook the legal representation of over a dozen of Defendant's victims, all of whom were 
among the thirty-three (33) females identified by the USAO as those upon whose testimony the 
USAO was prepared to move forward in federally prosecuting Defendant 
19. 
The representation of these young women who had been sexually abused and 
exploited as minors by Epstein was arduous and difficult. 
20. 
The representation was arduous and difficult in large part because of the 
psychological and physical damages these females had suffered, and continue to suffer, as a 
result of Defendant's sexual conduct. By way of example only, Defendant began sexually 
abusing and exploiting one of his female victims when she was only fifteen (15) years old. After 
luring this fifteen-year-old to his mansion and assaulting her with the assistance of one of the 
several women who would procure minor females for Defendant's pleasure, Defendant lured her 
to his Palm Beach mansion every day for the next two weeks in order to engage in a similar 
pattern of sexual abuse and exploitation. 
21. 
Defendant eventually "groomed" this adolescent minor and immersed her into his 
lewd and sexually exploitive lifestyle. Specifically, Defendant's daily routine required this minor 
female to perform sexually on Defendant multiple times per day. This minor victim had 
absolutely no say as to when, how many times, or what was done during each sexual encounter. 
22. 
In addition to being continually exploited to satisfy Defendant's every sexual 
whim, this adolescent was required to be sexually exploited by Defendant's adult male peers, 
including royalty, politicians, academicians, businessmen, and other professional and personal 
acquaintances. 
EFTA00727899
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 10 of 17 
23. 
The other women whom Mr. Josefsberg and his team represented also suffered 
sexual abuse and exploitation as minor victims of Defendant. 
24. 
Throughout the representation, Mr. Josefsberg and his team met with, advised, 
and counseled these sexually abused and exploited young women on their potential claims 
against Defendant, as well as the prospects of settlement. 
25. 
The representation of these young women by Mr. Josefsberg and his team 
included, but was not limited to: 
a. 
meeting with and receiving training and information from experts 
in child sex abuse in order to be able to recognize perpetrators' 
patterns and effects on the lives of young female victims; 
• 
conducting a nation-wide search for the most qualified, 
appropriate, and effective experts to evaluate clients with injuries 
of this type, including research and initial requests for proposals 
from numerous psychologists as candidates; 
• 
reviewing qualifications, consulting with peers, and talking to and 
corresponding with candidates; 
• 
conducting interviews in person with the final candidates; 
• 
working with selected psychological experts to understand and 
assess the damages suffered by the young women; 
• 
negotiating and formulating the evaluation procedure; and 
• 
coordinating the arrangements to enable the chosen experts to 
conduct testing, interviews, and evaluations of each client; 
b. 
interviewing the young women at length to assess their background, 
the conduct to which they had been subjected, and the physical and 
psychological damage they had suffered as a result of Defendant's 
conduct; 
c. 
interviewing collateral witnesses, including parents, siblings, 
husbands, and others relating to each of the young women as a 
means of assessing the injuries they had sustained; 
EFTA00727900
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 11 of 17 
d. 
researching the damages and other remedies available under 18 
U.S.C.§ 2255, a seldom used federal statute under which the young 
women were proceeding pursuant to the NPA; 
e. 
researching 18 U.S.C. § 2255, which was amended in 2006, in 
order to assess the applicable version of the statute; 
1. 
researching the predicate offenses upon which claims under § 2255 
could be established; 
determining the implication of the statutes of limitations on each 
young woman's case; 
h. 
investigating and assessing the background, history, and ongoing 
status of Defendant; 
i. 
reviewing and examining the records of the young women, 
including, but not limited to, medical, educational, and mental 
health; 
j. 
in some instances where the clients had journals, photographs, 
and/or scrap books, reviewing those materials; 
k. 
researching and briefing certain critical issues and negotiating 
agreements pertaining thereto, only to have to resort to court 
intervention, including, but not limited to, location and 
preservation of evidence and the need and practical application of a 
No-Contact Order to protect clients from harassment and 
intimidation; 
1. 
engaging in extensive and protracted settlement negotiations with 
Defendant and his multitude of lawyers; 
m. 
often drafting from Defendant's specifications, the results of which 
when presented, were rejected in favor of substantive changes 
never before discussed. 
26. 
In spite of Defendant's non-compliance throughout this process, after extensive, 
lengthy, and protracted negotiations with Defendant and several of his attorneys, settlements 
have been finalized and executed in many of the cases handled by the attorney representative. 
tt 
EFTA00727901
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 12 of 17 
27. 
During those extensive, lengthy, and protracted settlement negotiations, Defendant 
took positions that, at best, were unreasonable, and, at worst, exemplified his continuing bad 
a 
28. 
Extensive and lengthy discussions similarly ensued when it became clear that 
Defendant did not intend to abide by the NPA by promptly paying the fees and costs of the 
Podhurst firm, Mr. Josefsberg, and his team for their representation of the young women who, as 
minors, were sexually abused and exploited by Defendant. Intense and frustrating negotiations 
regarding Defendant's obligation to pay were conducted between the Podhurst firm and 
Defendant's multitude of lawyers over the course of more than twenty (20) months of 
representation. 
29. 
The representation and legal work done by Mr. Josefsberg, the attorney 
representative, and his team on behalf of the young women who, as minors, were sexually 
abused and exploited by Defendant has generated, and continues to generate, significant 
attorney's fees and costs that Defendant expressly agreed to pay pursuant to the NPA. 
30. 
For the extensive legal work done on behalf of these young women through 
settlement by Mr. Josefsberg and his team, the Podhurst firm is currently owed a total of more 
than Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) in fees and costs, with additional fees and costs being 
incurred and billed to Defendant in the future. 
31. 
Defendant's failure to pay the fees and costs of the attorney iiiiliescntative and the 
Podhurst firm is a material breach of his obligations under the NPA and has totally thwarted and 
frustrated the intent and purpose of having the attorney representative and his team represent the 
many yowls women who, as minors, were sexually abused and exploited by Defendant. 
EFTA00727902
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 
Entered on F LSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 13 of 17 
32. 
Epstein's failure to pay the attorney's fees and costs he expressly agreed to pay the 
attorney representative is not his only material breach of the NPA. Despite his agreement and 
promise in the NPA to waive his right to contest liability in any suit brought pursuant to 18 
U.S.C. § 2255, Epstein has breached this obligation by contesting liability in the cases against 
him by the young women who, as minors, he sexually abused and exploited. On at least one 
occasion, the USAO placed Defendant on notice that he was in breath of the NPA. 
33. 
It has become abundantly clear that Epstein, having obtained the benefits of the 
NPA and having escaped federal criminal prosecution, now believes that he can simply ignore—
without consequence—the obligations imposed under the NPA. Put simply, Epstein believes he 
is above the law. 
COUNT I 
BREACH OF THIRD PARTY AGREEMENT 
34. 
Plaintiff realleges paragraphs 1 through 33 as though they were fully set forth 
herein. 
35. 
The NPA is an enforceable agreement between the Defendant and the United 
States, both of whom entered into the NPA with the intent of benefiting certain third parties. 
36. 
The NPA specifically and clearly intended to benefit the Podhurst firm, in that the 
attorney representative, a Podhurst partner who is compensated by the firm, was to be paid for 
his services at his regular customary hourly rate by Epstein. 
37. 
The attorney representative, certain other members and employees of the Podhurst 
firm, and the independent lawyers and experts they hired to assist them in the representation of 
the young women who, as minors, were abused and exploited by Defendant, generated fees at 
their usual hourly rates, as well as expenses and costs. 
EFTA00727903
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 14 of 17 
38. 
Despite Defendant's express agreement and obligation under the NPA to pay for 
the fees and costs incurred by the attorney representative in connection with the representation of 
the many minor females who Defendant sexually abused and exploited, Defendant has paid only 
a small portion of the fees and costs incurred, and has failed—despite numerous meetings and 
repeated requests-to pay the remainder of the outstanding fees and costs due the attorney 
representative and the Podhurst firm. 
39. 
Defendant's failure to pay the attorney representative and his team the attorney's 
fees and costs incurred is a clear and material breach of Defendant's obligation under the NPA. 
40. 
Such material breach of the NM has caused substantial damages to the Podhurst 
firm, the attorney representative, and the independent lawyers who were intended beneficiaries 
under the NPA. 
ORE, as a result of Defendant's breach of the NPA and the resulting damages 
to its intended third party beneficiary, Plaintiff seeks damages in excess of Two Million Dollars 
($2,000,000), representing the attorney's fees and costs incurred by the Podhurst firm and the 
attorney representative on behalf of Defendant's victims, along with the reasonable fees and 
costs associated with their efforts herein to make themselves whole, including, but not limited to, 
attorney's fees and costs pursuant to Florida Statutes, pre-judgment and post-judgment interest, 
and any other relief this Court deems just and proper. 
COUNT II 
BREACH OF COVENANT OF GOOD =AND 
FAIR DEALING 
41. 
Plaintiff realleges paragraphs 1 through 33 as though fully set forth herein. 
42. 
The NPA is an enforceable agreement between Defendant and the United States. 
Defendant and the United States entered into the NPA with the clear and expressed intent to 
EFTA00727904
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 15 of 17 
benefit certain third parties, including the attorney representative, Mr. Josefsberg, and the 
Podhurst finn. 
43. 
The NPA contains an implied covenant of good ■ 
and fair dealing. 
44. 
Under the NPA, Defendant expressly agreed and was obligated to pay the fees and 
costs of the attorney representative, a partner at the Podhurst firm, before, during, and through 
any settlement of each case that he and the Podhurst firm were handling on behalf of the victims 
whom Defendant sexually abused and exploited. 
45. 
Specifically, the NPA expressly provides that, "[u]pon the execution of this 
agreement, the United States, in consultation with and subject to the good ■ 
approval of 
Epstein's counsel, shall select an attorney representative for these persons, who shall be paid for 
by Epstein." 
46. 
The NPA further provides that "Epstein has agreed to pay the fees of the attorney 
representative." 
47. 
Defendant breached the implied covenant of good ■ 
and fair dealing contained 
in the NPA, as well as in those provisions in which Defendant agreed to pay the fees and costs of 
the attorney representative, by, among other things, 
(a) 
repeatedly delaying the payment of the fees and costs incurred through 
settlement by the attorney representative and his team; 
(b) 
despite suggesting that a Special Master be selected to settle the issue of 
fees and costs incurred by the attorney representative, initially denying the existence of the 
parties' agreement to do so, and delaying the selection of such Special Master by making 
numerous, unreasonable, and often surreptitious changes to the proposed Special Master 
agreement; and 
EFTA00727905
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 16 of 17 
(e) 
causing the attorney representative and the Podhurst firm to incur 
additional fees and costs by not responding to requests in a timely fashion, or at all; by taking 
unreasonable positions, inchvting contesting liability of a § 2255 claim; and by reaching 
agreement on various issues and then reneging on the agreements reached, all the while 
contending that the fees and costs incurred by the attorney representative and his team were 
excessive and unreasonable. 
48. 
By his actions, Defendant has acted in bad ■, 
unfairly, unconscionably, and 
maliciously toward the attorney representative and his team, who were clearly intended 
beneficiaries under the NPA, and has caused the Plaintiff damages. 
WHEREFORE, as a result of Defendant's unreasonable and unconscionable actions, 
which constitute a breach of the implied covenant of good ■ 
and fair dealing in the NPA, 
Plaintiff seeks damages in excess of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000), representing the 
attorney's fees and costs incurred by the Podhurst firm on behalf of Defendant's victims through 
EFTA00727906
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 17 of 17 
settlement and pursuant to the NPA, along with the reasonable fees and costs associated with its 
efforts herein to make itself whole, attorneys fees and costs pursuant to Florida Statutes, pre-
judgment and post-judgment interest, and any other relief this Court deems just and proper. 
DATED this 17" day of May, 2010. 
Respectfully submitted, 
PODHURST ORSECK, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiff' 
City National Bank Building 
W. Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
Telephone: (305) 358-2800 
Facsimile: (305) 358-2382 
By: ir ter 
Prieto 
C. Marks (FBN 516414) 
2norks@podhurst.com 
Peter Prieto (FBN 501492) 
ii
to(a)oodhurstcom 
Gravante, Rl (FBN 617113) 
*
vr
igetora 
EFTA00727907
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 1 of 15 
COMPOSITE EXHIBIT A 
NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT AND 
ADDENDUM 
EFTA00727908
--- PAGE 19 ---
- 
"- Case 1: 10-Cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 2 of 15 
IN RE: 
INVESTIGATION OF 
JEFFREY EPSTELN 
PipNT-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT 
IT APPEARING that the City of Palm Beach Police Department and the State 
Attorneys; Office for the 15th Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County (hereinafter, 
the "State Attorney's Office") have conducted en investigation into the conduct of Jeffrey 
Epstein (hereinafter "Epstein"); 
IT APPEARING that the State Attorney's Office has charged Epstein by indictnxt 
with solicitation of prostitution, in violation of Florida Statutes Section 796.07; 
IT APPEARING that the United States Attorney's Office and the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation have conducted their own investigation into Epstein's backgrotmd and any 
offmses that may have been committed by Epstein against the United States from in or 
around 2001 through in or around September 2007, including: 
(I) 
knowingly and willfully conspiring with others known and triknown to 
commit an offense against the United States, that is, to use a facility or means 
of intestate or foreign commerce to knowingly persuade, induce, or entice 
minor females to engage in prostitution, in violation of Title 18, United States 
Code, Section 2422(b); all in violation ofTitle 18, United States Code, Section 
371; 
(2) 
knowingly and willfully conspiring with others known and unknown to travel 
in interstate commerce for the purpose of engaging in illicit sexual conduct, as 
defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2423(0, with minor females, in violation of Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2423(b); all in violation of Title 18, United Slat= 
Code, Section 2423(e); 
(3) 
(4) 
using a facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce to knowingly 
persuade, induce, or entice minor females to engage in prostitution; in 
violation of Title IS, United States Code, Sections 2422(6) and 2; 
traveling in interstate commerce for the purpose of engaging in illicit sexual 
conduct, as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2423(f), with minor females; in violation 
Page 1 of 7 
EFTA00727909
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on F LSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 3 of 15 
of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2423(b); and 
(5) 
knowingly, in and affecting interstate and foreign commerce, recruiting, 
enticing, and obtaining by any means a person, knowing that the person had 
not attained the age of 18 years and would be caused to engage in a 
commercial sex act as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 1591(cXl); in violation of Title 
18, United States Code, Sections 1591(a)(1) and 2; end 
IT APPEARING that Epstein seeks to resolve globally his state and federal criminal 
liability and Epstein understands and acknowledges that, in exchange for the benefits 
provided by this agreement, be agrees to comply with its terns, including undertaking certain 
actions with the State Attorney's Office; 
IT APPEARING, after an investigation of the offenses and Epnein's backgrotmd by 
both State and Federal law enforcement agencies, and after doe consultation with the State 
Attorney's Office, that the interests of the United States, the State of Florida, and the 
Defendant will be served by the following prneedurm 
THEREFORP, on the authority of R. Alexander Acosta, United States Attorney for 
the Southern District of Florida, prosecution in this District for these offenses shall be 
deferred in favor of prosecution by the State of Florida, provided that Epstein abides by the 
following conditions and the requirements of this Agreement set forth below. 
If the United States Attorney should determine, based on reliable evidence, that, 
dining the period of the Agreement, Epstein willftally violated any of the conditions of this 
Agreement, then the United States Attorney may, within ninety (90) days following the 
expiration of the term of home confinement discussed below, provide Epstein with timely 
notice specifying the condition(s) of the Agreement that be has violated, and shall initiate its 
prosecution on any offense within sixty (60) days' of giving notice of the violation. Any 
notice provided to Epstein pursuant to this paragraph shall be provided within 60 days of the 
United States learning of facts which may provide a basis for a determination of a breach of 
the Agreement. 
Alter timely fulfilling all the terms and conditions of the Agreement, no prosecution 
for the offenses set out on pages 1 and 2 of this Agreement, nor any other offenses that have 
been the subject of the joint invatigr.lon by die Federal Bureau of Investigation and the 
United States Attorney's Office, nor any offenses that arose from the Federal Grand hay 
investigation will be instituted in this District, end the charges against Epstein if any, will be 
dismissed. 
Page 2 of 7 
EFTA00727910
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 4 of 15 
Terms of the Agreement: 
1. 
Epstein shall plead guilty (not nolo contendere) to the Indictment as 
currently pending against him in the 15th Judicial Circuit in and for 
Palm Beach County (Case No. 2006-cf-009495A)COChe) charging 
one (1) count of solicitation of prostitution, in violation of FL Stat. § 
796.07. In addition, Epstein shall plead guilty to an Information filed 
by the State Attorney's Office charging Epstein with an offense that 
requires him to register as
 offender, that is, the solicitation of 
minors to engage in prostitution, in violation °Moeda Statists Section 
796.03; 
2. 
Epstein shall make a binding recommendation that the Court impose a 
thirty (30) month sentence to be divided as ibllows: 
(a) 
Epstein shall be sentenced to consecutive terms of twelve (12) 
months and six (6) months in county jail for all charges, without 
any opportunity for withholding adjudication or sentencing, and 
without probation or community control in lieu of 
imprisonment and 
(b) 
Epstein shall be sentenced to a term of twelve (12) months of 
community control consecutive to his two terms in county Jail 
as described in Term 2(a), supra. 
3. 
This agreement is contingent upon a Judge of the 15th Judicial Circuit 
accepting and executing the sentence agreed upon between the State 
Attorney's Office and Epstein, the details of which are set forth in this 
agreement. 
4. 
The terms contained in paragraphs 1 and 2, supra, do not foreclose 
Epstein and the State Attorney's Office from agreeing to recommend 
any additional charge(s) or any additional term(s) of probation and/or 
incarceration. 
5. 
Epstein shall waive all challenges to the Information filed by the State 
Attorney's Office and shall waive the right to appeal his conviction and 
sentence, except a sentence that exceeds what is set forth in paragraph 
(2), supra. 
6. 
Epstein shall provide to the U.S. Attorney's Office copies of all 
Page 3 of 7 
EFTA00727911
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 5 of 15 
proposed agreements with the State Attomey's Office prior to entering 
into those agreements. 
7. 
The United States shall provide Epstein's attorneys with a list of 
individuals whom it has identified as victims, as defined in 18 U.S.C. 
§ 2255, after Epstein has signed this agreement and been sentenced. 
Upon the execution of this agreement, the United States. in consultation 
with and subject to the good 
approval of Epstein's counsel, shall 
select an attomey representative or these persons, who shall be paid for 
by Epstein. Epstein's counsel may contact the identified individuals 
through that representative. 
8. 
If any of the individuals referred to in paragraph (7), supra, elects to 
file suit pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255, Epstein will not contest the 
jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District 
of Florida ovchis person and/or the subject matter, and Epstein waives 
his right to contest liability and also waives his right to contest damages 
up to an arm= as agreed to between the identified individual and 
Epstein, so long as the identified individual elects to proceed 
exclusively under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, and agrees to waive any other 
claim for damages, whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law. 
Notwithstanding this waiver, as to those individuals whose names 
appear on the list provided by the United States, Epstein's signature on 
this agreement, his waivers and failures to contest liability and such 
damages in any suit are not to be construed as an admission of any 
criminal or civil liability. 
9. 
Epstein's signature on this agreement also is not to be construed as an 
admission of civil or criminal liability ore waiver of any jurisdictional 
or other defense as to any person whose name does not appear on the 
list provided by the United States. 
10. 
Except as to those individuals who elect to mooted exclusively under 
U.S.C. § 2255, as set forth in paragraph (8), supra, neither Epstein's 
signature on this agreement, nor its terms, nor any resulting waivers or 
settlements by Epstein arc to be construed as admissions or evidence of 
civil or criminal liability or a waiver of any jurisdictional or other 
defense as to any person, whether or not her name appears on the list 
provided by the United States. 
I. 
Epstein shall use his best efforts to enter his guilty plea and be 
Page 4 of 7 
EFTA00727912
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 6 of 15 
sentenced not later than October 26, 2007. The United Slates has no 
objection to Epstein self-reporting to begin serving his sentence not 
later than January 4, 2008. 
12. 
Epstein agrees that he will not be afforded any benefits with respect to 
gain time, other than the rights, opportunities, and benefits as any other 
inmate, including but not limited to, eligibility for gain time credit 
based on standard rules end regulations that apply in the State of 
Florida- At the United States' request, Epstein agrees to provide an 
accounting of the gain time he earned during his period of 
incarceration. 
13. 
The parties anticipate that this agreement will not be made part of any 
public record. lithe United States receives a Freedom of Information 
Act request or any compulsory process commanding the disclosure of 
the agreement, it will provide notice to Epstein before making that 
disclosure. 
Epstein %aide/stands that the United States Attorney has no authority to require the 
State Attorney's Office to abide by any terms of this agreement. Epstein understands that 
it is his obligation to undertake discussions with the State Attorney's Office and to use his 
best efforts to ensure compliance with these procedures, which compliance will be necessary 
to satisfy the United States' interest Epstein also understands that it is his obligation to use 
his best efforts to convince the Judge of the 15th Judicial Circuit to accept Epstein's binding 
recommendation regarding the sentence to be imposed, and understands that the failure to 
do so will be a breach of the agreement. 
In consideration of Epstein's agreement to plead guilty and to provide compensation 
in the manna described above, if Epstein successfully fulfills all of the terms and conditions 
of this aormsatit, the United States also agrees that it will not institute any • 
it alli
nilige
ng but 
trot
or 
Further, upon execution of this 
agreement and a plea agreement with the State Attorney's Office, the federal Grand Jury 
investigation will be suspended, and all pending federal Grand Jury subpoenas will be held 
in abeyance unless and until the defendant violates any tam of this agreement The 
defendant likewise agrees to withdraw his pending motion to intervene and to quash certain 
grand jury subpoenas. Both parties agree to maintain their evidence, specificaDy evidence 
requested by or directiy related to the grand jury subpoenas that have been issued, and 
including certain computer equipment, inviolate until all of the terms of this agreement have 
been satisfied. Upon the success:id completion of the terms of this agreement, all 
outstanding grand Jury subpoenas shall be deemed withdrawn. 
Page 5 of 7 
EFTA00727913
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 7 of 15 
By signing this agreenamt, Epstein assers and certifies that each of these terms is 
material to this agreement and is supported by independent consideration and that a breach 
of any one of these conditions allows the United States to elect to terminate the agreement 
and to investigate and presentee Epstein and any other individual or entity for any and all 
federal offenses. 
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and certifies that he is aware of the fact that 
the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States provides that in all criminal 
prosecutions the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial. Epstein fiatha 
is aware that Rule 48(b) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure provides that the Court 
may dismiss an indictment, information, or complaint for unnecessary delay in presenting 
a charge to the Grand Jury, filing an information, or in bringing a defendant to trial. Epstein 
hereby requests that the United States Attorney for the SouthemDistict ofFlorida defer such 
prosecution. Epstein agrees and consents that any delay from the date of this Agreement to 
the date of initiation of prosecution, as provided for in the terms expressed herein, shall be 
deemed to be a necessary delay at his own request, and he hereby waives any defense to such 
prosecution on the ground that such delay operated to deny him rights under Rule 48(b) of 
the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure and the Sixth Amendmentto the Constitution artist 
United States to a speedy trial or to bar the prosecution by reason of the running of the statute 
of limitations for a period of months equal to the period between the signing of this 
agreement and the breach of this agreement as to those offenses that were the subject of the 
grand jury's investigation. Epstein further asserts and certifies that he understands that the 
Fifth Amendment and Rule 7(a) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure provide that all 
felonies must be charged in an indictment presented to a grand jury. Epstein hereby agrees 
and consents that, if a prosecution against him is instituted for any offense that was the 
subject of the grand jury's investigation, it may be by way of an Information signed and filed 
by the United States Attorney, and hereby waives his right to be indicted by a grand jury as 
to any such offense. 
111 
Page 6 of 7 
EFTA00727914
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 1 :10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 8 of 15 
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and certifies that the above has been read 
and explained to him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the conditions of this Non-
Prosecution Agreement and agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: 
By: 
Dated:  74409 --
Dated: 
Dated: 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ, 
COUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTELN 
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ. ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Page 7 of 7 
EFTA00727915
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 9 of 15 
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and certifies that the above has been rend 
and explained to him. Epstein hereby states that la understands the conditions of this Non-
Prosecution Agreement and agrees to comply with theta. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: 
By 
Dated: 
Dated  
I9-tt (  7
Dated: 
ASSIST 
U.S. ATTORNEY 
EFCO 
Q. 
UNSEL TO 
Y EPSTR1N 
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Page 7 of 7 
EFTA00727916
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 10 of 15 
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and certiEes that the above has been read 
and explained to him. Epstein hersby dates that he under:la:ads the conditions of this Non-
Prosecution Agreement and agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Date& 
Dated: 
Dated:4-414-0?--
Br 
ASSIS
IIIIL.IMMIC
ANT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
GERALD LEICOURT, ESQ. 
UNSEL TO JEFFREY EFSTEIN 
ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Pap? or 7 
EFTA00727917
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 11 of 15 
LTC RE: 
INVESTIGATION OF 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
ADDENDUM TO TILE NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT 
IT APPEARING that the parties seek to clarify certain provisions of page 4, paragraph 7 
of the Non-Prosecution Agreement (hereinafter "paragraph 71, that agreement is modified as 
&glows: 
7A. 
The United States has the right to assign to agjgdepeodent third-party the responsibility 
fur consulting with and, subject to the good= approval of Epstein's counsel, selecting 
the attorney representative for the individuals identified under the Agreeramt. If the 
United States elects to assign this responsibility to an 
good 
ndent third-party, both the 
United States and Epstein retain the right to make 
 objeciion to the attorney 
representative suggested by the independent third-party prior to the final designation of 
the attorney representative. 
7B. 
The patties will jointly prepare a short written submission to the independent third-party 
regarding the role of the attorney representative and regarding Epstein's Agreement to 
pay such attorney representative his or her regular customary hourly rate for representing 
such victims subject to the provisions of paragraph C, infra 
7C. 
Pursuant to additional paragraph 7A, Epstein has agreed to pay the fees of the attorney 
representative selected by die independent third party. This provision, however, shall not 
obligate Epstein to pay the fees and costs of contested litigation filed against him. Thus, 
If after consideration of potential settlements, an attorney representative elects to file a 
contested lawsuit pursuant to 18 U.S.C.s 2255 or elects to pursue any other contested 
remedy, the paragraph 7 obligation of the Agreement to pay the costs of the attorney 
representative, as opposed to any statutory or other obligations to pay reasonable 
attorneys foes and costs such as those contained ins 2255 to bear the costs of the attorney 
representative, shall cease. 
EFTA00727918
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 12 of 15 
By signing this Addendum, Epstein asserts end eatifies that the above has been read and 
explained to film. Epstein hereby sates that he undastands the clarifications to the Non-
Prosecution Agreement and agrees to comply with then. 
IL ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated:  /0/3h /D7 
Dated:  / T 2-1 / 1" 
Dated: 
Dated: 
ASSISTANT C.S. ATTORNEY 
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ. 
COUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EFTA00727919
--- PAGE 30 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 13 of 15 
By signing this AdrIendtnn, Epstein asserts and certifies that the above has been read and 
explained to him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the clarifications to the Noo-
Prosecution Agreement and agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated:  /0 hohn 
Dated: 
Dated: 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EFTA00727920
--- PAGE 31 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 14 of 15 
By signing this Addendum, Epstein asserts and certifies that the above hes been read and 
explained to him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the clarifications to the Non-
Prosecution Agreement end agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNTIE STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: it) / 3  DA '7 
Dad: 
Dated: ifraffi" 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
JEFFREY EPSTELN 
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ. 
:1:1 
kI 1:1:13! 
11:r.:111:11. 
EFTA00727921
--- PAGE 32 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 15 of 15 
tar-tr-01 
t4:5Sps 
F res-FowIat-lid to Barna tt 
Affirmation 
tttTtttttt 
T-N6
F. Waillit Fern 
lotEroy R. Eintain tin hereby rola= the Nost-Psoseastins Agrycmc•• to,.1.4 444-9hu, m
set= Sued October 50, 2007, 
LYte 
EFTA00727922
--- PAGE 33 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-4 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 1 of 7 
EXHIBIT B 
LETTER DATED OCTOBER 25, 2007 FROM 
FIRST ASSISTANT UNITED STATES ATTORNEY TO 
THE HONORABLE EDWARD B. 
(Ret.) 
EFTA00727923
--- PAGE 34 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-4 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 2 of 7 
U.S. Department of Justice 
United Stela Attorney 
Southern District of Fart& 
WE 416 Street 
Jaunt Fl 33132 
Telgilume: p05) 961-9299 
Facsimile: (305)530404 
PELIVER.Y BY PAQSagtaL 
The Hon. Edward B.M. (Ret.) 
Akerman Senterfitt 
One Southeast Third Avenue, 25th Floor 
Wand, Florida 33131 
Re: 
Service as a Special Master 
Dear Judge 
October 25, 2007 
Thank you for agreeing to serve as a Special Mester and for assisting the United States 
Attorney's Office in the selection of an attorney representative to represent a group of 
identified victims. This letter is meant to assist you in perfbrming your duties by providing 
you with background information regarding the agreement between the United States and 
JeffreyEpstein and the duties that the attorney representative will have to perform. 
The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the U.S. Attorney's Office conducted an 
investigation of Mr. Epstein. As a result of that investigation, fael.J.S. Attorney's Office and 
Mr. Epstein entered into a Non-Prosecution Agreement and an Addendum that contains, 
Sr alia, the following terms: 
7k The United States has the right to assign to an independent third-party the 
responsibility for consulting with and, subject to the good a 
approval of 
Epstein's counsel, selecting the attorney representative for the individuals 
identified under the Agreement If the United States elects to assign this 
responsibility to an independent third-party, both the United States and Epstein 
retain the right to make good. objections to the attorney representative 
suggested by the Mdependent third-party prior to the final designation of the 
atorney representative, 
EFTA00727924
--- PAGE 35 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-4 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 3 of 7 
TEE How. EDWARD B. arr.) 
°croon 23, 2007 
PAGE 2 or
7B. The parties will jointly prepare a short written suhruission, to the 
independent third-part); malting tde role Atte atiorneyssoresentatiye and 
regarding Epstein's Agreement to pay such attorney representative his or her 
regular customary hourly rate for representing such victims subject to tlfe 
provisions of paragraph 7C, infra. 
7C. Pursuant to additional paragraph 7A, Epstein has agreed to pay the fees 
of the attorney representative selected by the independent third party. This 
provision, however, shall not obligate Epstein to pay the fees and costs of 
contested litigation filed against him. Thus, if after consideration of potential 
settlements, an attorney representative elects to file a contested lawsuit 
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 or elects to pursue any other contested remedy, 
the paragraph 7 obligation of the Agreement to pay the costs of the attorney 
representative, as opposed to any statutory or other obligations to pay 
reasonable attorneys fees and costs such as those contained in § 2255 to bear 
the costs of the attorney representative shall cease. 
81f any of the individuals referred to [in the paragraphs above] elects to file 
suit pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255, Epstein will not contest the jurisdiction of 
the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida over his 
person and/or the subject matter, and Epstein waives his right to eontest 
liability and also waives his right to contest damages up to an amount agreed 
to totiveen E2stem and the idbntLtiest inlvirlhal; so jolt as the identified 
individual elects to proceed exclusively under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, and agrees to 
waive any other claim for damages, whether pursuant to state, federal, or 
common law. Notwithstanding this waiver, with respect to those individuals 
whose names appear on the list provided by the Milted States, Epstein's 
signature on this agreement, his waivers and failures to contest liability and 
such damages in any suit are not to be construed as an admission of any 
criminal or civil liability. 
9.Epstrin's signature op this agreement also is not to be construed 
admission of civil or criminal liability or a waiver of any jurisdictional or 
other defense as to any person whose, name does not appear on the list 
provided by the United States. 
1O.Except as to those individuals who elect to proceed exclusively under 18 
U.S.C. § 2255, as set forth in [the above paragraphs], neither Epstein's 
EFTA00727925
--- PAGE 36 ---
Case 1:1 0-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-4 Entered on FLSD Docket 05,1712010 Page 4 of 7 
Tics Rom EDWARD B._(tar.) 
Ocroasa 25,2007 
?tan 3 cr4 
signature on this agreement, uor its terms, nor any itching waivers or 
settlements by Epstein axe to be construed as admissions or evidence of 
civil or criminal liability or a waiver of any jurisdictional or other defense 
as to any person, whether or not her name appears on the list provided by 
the United States. 
The most recent version of the statute referenced above, 18 U.S.C. § 2255, 
provides that 
Any person who, while a minor, was a victim of a violation of section ...2422 
or 2423 of this title and who stiffen personal injury as a result of such 
violation, regardless of whether the injury occurred while such person was a 
minor, may sue in any appropriate United States District Court and shall 
recover the actual damages such person sustains and the cost of the suit, 
including a reasonable attorney's fee. Any person as described in the 
preceding sentence shall be deemed to have sustained damages of no less than 
$150,000 in value.' 
Section 2422 prohibits the use of a facility of interstate commerce to induce minors 
to engage in sexual activity and prostitution, and section 2423 prohibits interstate travel for 
the purpose of engaging in sexual activity or prostitution with minors. The United States has 
identified 34 victims as de5nedby this statute. The United States takes no position as to the 
validity of any such claim under this statute. 
Due to the circumstances of the case and the nmnber and caliber of the attorneys who 
represent Mr. Epstein, in selecting the victims' attorney representative, the United States 
suggests that you consider the following criteria: 
1. 
Experience doing both plaintiffs' and defense litigation. 
2. 
Experience with state and federal statutory and common law tort claims. 
3. 
The ability to comuumicate effectively with yormg women. 
4. 
Experience litigating against large law firms and high pro fil e attorneys who 
An earlier vmsion of this statute deems that any person described in the preceding 
sentence shall have sustained damages of no less than $50,000 in take. 
EFTA00727926
--- PAGE 37 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-4 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 5 of 7 
Taa13on. EDWARD BIM 
(Rat) 
Ocrossa25, 2007 
PAGE 4 or 4 
may test the veracit4 of the victims! claims. 
5. 
Sensitivity to the nature of the suit and the victims' interest in maintaining
their privacy. 
6. 
Experience litigating in federal court in the Southern District of Florida. 
7. 
The resources to hire experts and others, while working on a contingency 
fee basis, in order to prepare for trial, if a settlement =mot be reached 
(defense counsel has reserved the right to challenge such litigation). 
S. 
The ability to negotiate effectively. 
Pursuant to this letter, the United States assigns to you the responsibilityfor consulting 
with and selecting the attorney representative for the individuals. The United States and 
Epstein retain the right to make goodM objections to the attomeyrepresentative you select 
prior to the final designation of the attorney represent In that regard, after you have 
readied a decision regarding the attorney representative, please provide mo with his or her 
name and contact information. 
IfI can provide you with any further information, please do not hesitate to contact me 
and/or the U.S. Attorney and/or Jay Lelkowitz, Esq. on behalf ofEpstein Mr. LeScowitz can 
be reached at (212) 446-4970 -Kirkland & Ellis LLF., Citigroup Center, 153 East 53'd Street 
New York, New York 100224611. Thank you again for your assistance with this matter. 
Sincerely, 
R. Alexander Acosta 
First Assistant United States Attorney 
cc: 
AUSA 
EFTA00727927
--- PAGE 38 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-4 • Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 6 of 7 
PROPOSAL FORPROCEEDING ONCE ATTORNEY 
IS SELECTED 
1. 
Provide selected attorfiey with: 
a. 
a copy of the relevant portion of the Non-Prosecution Agreement; 
b. 
the names and contact information for the identified victims; and 
c. 
a retainer agreement 
i. 
The retainer agreement will provide for the monthly billing of 
fees at an hourly rate and monthly expenses. 
The billing statements will be sent to and paid by en attorney or 
accountant not involved in the damages litigation, and will not 
be made available to any person or firm involved in the damages 
litigation. 
iii. 
Billing statements will have privileged and work product information 
redacted. 
iv. 
Disputes regarding fees will be referred to a Special Mesta (perhaps 
the Special Master who selected the attorney). 
2. 
The agents and I will contact the girls individually to inform them of the 
resolution of the case, including the selection of an attorney to represent them, 
if they so choose. I will provide them with the name and telephone mmaber of 
the attorney and also let tens know that the attorney will be contacting them. 
3. 
The selected attorney will contact each victim and review with her the facts of 
her case and the options that she has, namely: 
a. 
selecting another attorney and handling everything through that 
attorney; 
b. 
attempting to reach an agreement with Mr. Epstein for an amount of 
damages pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255; 
c, 
filing suit seeking other state and/or federal damages or restitution; and 
d. 
not seeking any money damages from Mr. Epstein. 
EFTA00727928
--- PAGE 39 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-4 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 7 of 7 
4. 
If the specific victim selects option (3)(b), the selected attorney will contact 
counsel for Mr. Epstein to negotiate a settlement amount and the terms of that 
settlement 
5. 
If the specific victim selects option (3)(b) and the parties are imable to reach 
an agreement regarding a settlement amount, then the victim can: 
a. 
ask the selected attorney to file suit in the U.S. District Court for the 
Southern District of Florida, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255; or 
b. 
file suit in state or federal court pursuing damages under any state or 
federal remedy. 
6. 
If the specific victim selects option (5Xa), the representation of the victim by 
the selected attorney will continue using the same monthly billing and payment 
system contained in the retainer agreement 
7. 
If the specified victim selects option (5)(b), Mr. Epstein will have no further 
obligation to pay the attorney, except as ordered by the Court hearing the suit. 
EFTA00727929
--- PAGE 40 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-5 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 1 of 2 
EXHIBIT C 
LETTER DATED SEPTEMBER 2, 2008 FROM EPSTEIN'S COUNSEL 
TO ASSISTANT UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
EFTA00727930
--- PAGE 41 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG. Document 1-5 EnieredonFLSDDocket05/17/2010cPagp'29f2 
A 
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
MO aunt.= D mammon 
Jay P. Lettuce, P.C. 
To Call War DIrsay 
(212) 446-4010 
lato:orlutldrklandtan 
VIA FACSINDIS (561) 820.8777 
Clilonxip Canter 
iS EOo;6arS anon 
Now York, *re YOtk 10022-4411 
(2121 441-41100 
yryeatlatdact.corn 
September 2, 2008 
A. Marie Villafaza 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of Florida 
500 South Australian Avenue, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Rs.; Airs). lassteln 
Facalmils: 
(212) 444.4.01) 
Dear Marie: 
In response to your letter dated August 26, 2008, lam confirming that Mr. Goldberger 
should continue to be listed as the contact person in the amended victim notification lents and 
should receive the carbon copies of those letters as they are sent. 
Also, we plan on speaking to Mr. Joacfaberg this week to discuss a procedure for paying 
his fees. We intend to comply fully with the agreement and Mr. Epstein will pay Mr. 3°5M-erg's 
usual and customary hourly non for his work pursuant to the agreement facilitating settlements 
under 2255. 
cc: 
Karol: Atkinson, Cbicf; Northern Division 
Jack Goldberg= 
Roy Black 
Mesa 
Sens Kra 
Loa Angrias 
cerely, 
. 
fk itz 
Munilah 
Ban Pianciaca 
WahtnOtee, D.C. 
eSed 
>1 ti'al 
OS T S-ESZ-SOE 
TJaP3 Awy 
WcISO:S 800e 80 unr 
06TS ZSE SE 61:8T 
600E/80/90 
EFTA00727931
--- PAGE 42 ---
Ado y :E1,90a,15p9A9se Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
Southern District of Florida 
PODHURST ORSECK. 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN. 
Case Number: 
Plaintiff 
Defendant 
SUMMONS IN A CIVIL CASE 
TO: (Nene and address of defaldant) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
358 El Milo Way 
Palm Beach. Florida 
YOU ARE HEREBY SUMMONED and required to serve upon PLAINTIFF'S ATTORNEY warm and teddreni 
Peter Prieto, Esq. 
PODHURST ORSECK, P.A. 
City National Bank Building - Suite 800 
West Flagler Street 
Miami, FL 33130 
an answer to the complaint which is herewith served upon you, within  
 days after service of 
this summons upon you, exclusive of the day of service. If you fail to do so, judgment by default will be taken against 
you for 11w relief demanded in the complaint. You must also file your answer with the Clerk of this Court within a 
reasonable period of time after service. 
CLERK 
DATE 
MY) DEPUTY CLERK 
EFTA00727932
--- PAGE 43 ---
SRC Mt-2158USSDocuinent 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 2 of 2 
RETURN OF SERVICE 
Service of the Summons and Complaint was made by me' 
DATE 
HAW OSSEItna ORM 
1117-E 
Cheek one box below to indicate appropriate method of service 
O 
Served personally upon the defendant. Place where served: 
O 
Left copies thereof at the defendant's dwelling house or usual 
age and discretion then residing therein. 
Name of person with whom the summons and complaint were 
place of abode with a person of suitable 
left: 
O 
Returned unexeculed: 
O 
Other (specify): 
STATEMENT OF SERVICE FEES 
I RAVEL 
SERVICES 
TOTAL $0.00 
DECLARATION OF SERVER 
I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States of America that the foregoing 
information contained in the Return of Service and Statement of Service Fees is true and correct. 
Executed on 
Dale 
Sweatt of Savet 
Maass of sewer 
(I1 
As 10 who may servo a summons POt Rule nfaro Federal Ruin of Crvil Procedure 
EFTA00727933
--- PAGE 44 ---
">3514 (Rene 1:10-cv-21586-ASG DocuelåttliCOlakrtaintIFLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 1 of 2 
ThelS 44 civil cover sheet and the information contaMcd herein neithermplace nor sampleris:nt the filing and screw of pkadinp or other papers as required by law, except asprovided 
hy kcal rule; of court. This Gann, approved by du Judicial Conference of the UnitedSlate. in Semen*? 1474, ii,a 
for Mc ine of Me C 
of Conn for the pumas( of initiating 
the civil docket sheet (St 1 INST 
TIONS 
Tilt REV/ISE OF I II E FORM) 
KitertlegedakirS— 
-Atliniaet
lerk
LCiwiesed6W. 
I. (a) PLAINTIFFS 
PODI1UR ST ORSECK. P.A. 
(b) County of Reddenee of first Listed Plaintiff Miami-Dade
(EXCEPT IT: U.S PLAINTIFF CAWS) 
(c) Attorney's ofa Name, Addict). nod Tekpboite Noah.° 
Peter Prieto, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck. P.A. 
W. Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami. Florida 33130 (305)358-21300 
DEFENDANTS 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
County of Residenceof First listed Defenduai 
Palm Beach 
(IN V S. PLAINTIFF CASES ONLY) 
NOTE: IN LAND CONDEMNATION CASES.USE SsIF. LOCATION OF THE TRACT 
LAND INVOLVED 
Attorneys pi KnorM 
cot Check County Where Action Anne 
MIAMI. turn. 
MONROE fl FIRMWARE/ f/ PALM REACH 
MARTIN 
ST. Well: n INDIAN RIVER 
OKEECHOBEE 
1110ELANDS 
II. BASIS OF JURISDICTION 
iPlateaa - X' Mont boa Dotal 
O 1 US. G•wremsem 
P 
ledianolChicaliem 
Plaintiff 
(U.S. Goverainew Nota Phenyl 
Os Govemmierd 
fl 4 
Diversity 
Datermlnal 
(Indicate Cimothm 
Ea ict tr. “CIII 
Ill. 
CITIZENSHIP OF PRINCIPAL PARTIESdane 4a•s- ,4 nn.
 ru. easitan 
(Foe Divinity Cams On/y1 
and One Ros for Dekoda..) 
FTF r
PTO 
DIP 
Chats ni TM* Maie 
i 
i
lamtrpotaled ve twice»! Place 
et 4 
a Haran. lo /To Moe 
C Ideas of Another SON 
IN 
locorBanted sad Pnacepal Place 
a 
TI 5 
at Habana In A emenor Stare 
Calvin ur Uranium0(s 
fl 
tunic. Naar. 
5,t,ft••• eittri, 
:1 
e 
6 
cosSaaes 
TORTS 
1-L11Uit NG I>L1 ALTIf 
IBANNI1UPTCY 
TIAR 4 r•TOTE4 
I 
el Ile 10.4r1444 
I 
CO Anne 
en 1,0 Mat Aci 
PI te0 Negotiable lastrement 
/50 Reutiely or Oa e 'payment 
* Eninrce maw aladgmesi 
3,1 Merrene Ant 
152 Reeorrly et Der/sued 
Sunless Loos 
(Ea0 Vermin) 
353 Itnovery et Overplamem 
ar uremia.. I16neIR. 
/40 Siockholden' Sous 
1•0 Ebbw Ceininti 
el i55 Comm, Produce lubiiii, 
0'r:italic 
PERSONAL INJURY 
PINSuNALINJURt 
II  110 Aisplans 
Cl .15 Anglin* Produce 
i 
362 Pomona' 'Mary - 
Mr* M nlprierrive 
Liability 
I 
Un5 Pnioral Olney - 
120 Astmili. Leh) A 
Nadeau Lob", 
Sbeider 
368 AbbrItuillitineeml 
a na Federal Employen' 
lojmy Random 
!debility 
Ltalelely 
n)40 Marine 
PERSONAL PROPERTY 
TS 141 Mann* Piaduoi 
Cl 
)II1 Ono r I' ~4 
Liability 
371 Trath in Lending 
fl OA td4Ni Venial, 
.1 380 Orner egnena I 
355 Moan Natick 
Precerty Itarnage 
Pwallicl 1.1•111NT 
315 Prcleriy Damage 
R 164 thkr 'atonal 
Iliad« I Lubildy 
lal icf 
ht 6 Ase it ttnnt• 
I 
o20 Other Fs** rfr Drup 
4525 Mug It/Nod Mine/ 
alhoperey 21 LISC MI 
1130 Ltloor Loot 
fl 641.i R.0...I Tine% 
D 450 A Annie 1454. 
CT ono Occupailitoal 
Sifeiyalethh 
irl 4,44 .14.41 
422 Appeatlx USE I ll 
.1.1 421 **brims:el 
2n UM' 357 
I 
400 Stnie Nouppenno4man I 
410 .3caimasi 
4'0 II milt and ID nk int 
ID 450CamonNe 
•60 Ononnion 
470 Ilactuaer lidlisen«d mad 
Cocram 0441en3liOns 
II 4x0 Cannella, tradi 
T1 490 CoblelSai TV 
It 10 lehreinc Sri.,ce 
xl0 Seconnestmamodinek 
fat/ote 
InTS tummies, IC \inane 
1211M- 3415 
e IIVO (Mt« matuiply AC 'WA. 
INI Agrittlattal Atli 
ROE e441tealiit Salad/amen Au 
D 893 Ent irenmenlal Means 
594 Comm Aline. 
 An 
595 Freedom of :Waimea,» Au 
900 *opus'« I, n D4141414141A4 
Voder Eireal Attest lo hailer 
1159 Cs imti4ationtakly at Soda 
Stahl«, 
PROPCItY1 Rlf.111 ' 
N X2Is ( opyfiglais 
el 4,0 Patten 
a x41) Trademark 
CARON 
40410411 XECURITY 
710 fair Lelmir Stamina. 
An 
T20 Lanorldlomi Religion 
Elll UtooMenultapeow 
å Disclosure Au 
fl 740 Railway Labor Au 
a 790 Otter Libor Lansaw.. 
e 701 Eno'. Ital. I«. A•val” 
A 
fI Mol HIA (11. 1ID 
a 862 Ebel. Long 192), 
ME) DIVECMIWNV (1115(4)) 
864 SSIL) Tate XVI 
565 RSI (405(011 
dill
illa 
It tAtt.**41.8 gilt 
I' IVILSICHYS":.: 
FIII3ONVII PETIlrIORS 
, 
YEDZIEÅLTA X SUITS P., 
810 Taxes (U.S. !OMER 
n Defrealaril) 
873 IRS-- ThIld Pally 
USE 7609 
71. Load Coedemmaion 
I 
310 Porn Nam* 
250 Rem Lease 6, Ejeumeril 
210 Tull.. he 44A1 
245 Ton Product Lubin's 
I 
200 All other Real Pinceny 
fl sal Venda 
C. 442 I leploystnt 
44) Noasing1
Atemaisoassions 
Na Welfare 
443
 :4
,421tes
i ' i sinandigies . 
446 Amer wiDisabilibea 
" 
Odin 
440 Oilwr Clad Righas 
f1 519 Merinos is Vsta 
Sowitoe 
i 
Rabe.' C•rp•s: 
530 Geenal 
3311)tah Peasky 
540 M sadinenm* Ofer 
, 
550 Civil Iligles 
, S. 
p
r.,.
( „ dhies
I 
ir„ .., 
' 
n 461:N8Can"""
' .
Aeolic/hone 
CI le) Habeas Corrn-Allert 
Delaime 
a  465 Oilier Immigration 
'''' Actions 
V. ORIGIN 
(Plana NC' in (Me con Only) 
Trans erred from 
4,1 I 
Ongmal 
it moved from 
O 3 ite.aud. 
O 
Reinstated or • - 
am* nasal« 
O 6 Miiltidisciiet 
Preceeding 
SOME Court 
(see VI being) 
Reopened 
(Petit)) 
Litigation 
Appeal in District 
n 7 
Judge from 
hrlagistiale 
Judgment 
VI. RELATED/RE-FILED 
CASE(S). 
Sea nuraciiis 
second Pate),
a) Re-filed Case O YES 4ZI NO 
JUDGE Kenneth A. Marra 
b) Related Cases 
YES Q NO 
DOCKET NUMBER See attached list of ca.scs 
VII. CAUSE OF ACTION 
the the U.S. Civil Sote under which you am tilim and Write a Britt Statement or CluSt (Do not cite Jurisdictional statutes babas 
dharellyb 
Breach of Contract to Recover Attorney's Fees and Costs. 28U.S.C.§ 132(a)(1) and 1331. 
LENGTH OF TRIAL via 
days estimated (fa both Bidea to tty entire case) 
VIII. REQUESTED IN 
O 
CHECK IF THIS IS A CLASS ACTION 
COMPLAINT: 
UNDER F.R.C.P. 23 
DEMANDS 
CHECK YES only if demasdeil in complaint: 
JURY DEMAND: 
n Yin 
t7' No 
ABOVE INFORMATION IS TRUE & CORRECT TO 
SR/NATURE OP ATTORNEY DE RECORD 
DATE 
THE BEST OP MY KNOWLEDGE 
s/Peter Prieto 
May 17, 2010 
FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 
AMOUNT 
RECEIPT 
IF, 
EFTA00727934
--- PAGE 45 ---
Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 2 of 2 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR ATTORNEYS COMPLETING CIVIL COVER SHEET FORM JS 44 
Authority For Civil Cover Sheet 
The JS 44 civil cover sheet and the information contained herein neither replaces nor supplements the filings and service of pleading or other papers as inquired 
by law, except as provided by local rules of tours This form. approved by the Judicial Conference of the United States in September 1974, is required for the use 
of tbe Clerk of Court for the purpose of initiating the evil docket sheet. Consequently,a civil cover sheet is submitted to the Clot of Court la each (alai complaint 
filed. The attorney filing a case should complete the form as follows: 
1. 
(a) Plafatiffs•Defendants. Enter names (last, first, middle initial) of plaintiff and defendant. If the plaintiff or defendant is a government agency, use only 
the full name or standard abbreviations. If the plaintiff or defendant is an official within a government agency. identify first the agency and then the official, giving 
both name and title. 
(b)County of Residence. For each civil case filed, except U.S. plaintiff macs, enter the name of the county where the first listed plaintiff resides at the time 
of filing. In U.S. plaintiff cases. enter the name of the county in which the first listed defendant resides at the time of filing. (NOTE: In land condemnation cases, 
the county of residence of the "defendant" is the location of the tract of land involved.) 
(c) Attorneys. Enter the firm name address, telephone number, and attorney of record. If there are several attorneys, list them on an attachment, noting 
in this section "(see attachment)". 
(d) Choose one County where Action Arose. 
II. 
Jurisdiction. The basis ofjunsdiction is set forth wider Rule Iffin,FILC.P., which requires that jurisdictions be shown in pleadings. Piece an "X" in one 
°film boxes. If there is more than one basis of jurisdiction. precedence is given in the order shown below. 
United States plaintiff. (I) Jurisdiction based OR 28 U.S.C. 1345 and 1348. Suits by agencies and officers of the United States are included here. 
United States defendant. (2) When the plaintiff is suing the United States, its officers or agencies, place an "X" in this box. 
Federal question. (3) This refers to suits under 28 U.S.C. 1331, where jurisdiction arises under the Constitution of the United States. an onendment to the 
Constitution, an act of Congress or a treaty of the United States. In cases where the U.S. is a party, the U.S. plaintiff or defendant code takes precedence, and box 
I or 2 should be Mathd. 
Diversity of citizenship. (4) This refers to suits under 28 U.S.C. 1332, what parties are citizens of differetu states. When Box 4 is choked, the citizenship of the 
different pasties must be checked. (See Section III below; federal question actions take precedence over diversity cases.) 
Ill. 
EksIdence (citizenship) of Principal Parties. This section of the JS 44 is to be completed ildiventity ofeitivinship was indicated above. Mark this section 
for each principal party. 
IV. 
Nature of Suit. Place an"X" in the appropriate box. If the nature of suit cannot be determined, be sum the cause of action. in Section VI below, is sufficient 
to enable the deputy clerk or the statistical clerks in the Administrative Office to determine the nature of suit. If the cause fits more than one nature ofsuit. select 
the most definitive. 
V. 
Origin. Place an "X" in one of the seven boxes. 
Original Proceedings. (I) Cases which originate in the United Staten District Courts. 
Removed from State Court (2) Proceedings initiated in state courts may be removed to the district courts under Title 28 U.S.C., Section 1441. When the petition 
for removal is granted, check this box. 
R011013) Attach copy of ()Wei for Disnualai of Previous rase. Also complete VI. 
Reinstated or Reopened. (4) Check this box for cases reinstated or reopened in the district emus. Use the reopening date as the filing date. 
Transferred from Another District. (5) For cases transferred under Title 28 U.S.C. Section 1404(a). Do not use this for within district transfers or multidistriet 
litigation transfers. 
Multidistnet Litigation. (6) Check this box when a multidistrict case is transferred into the district under authority of Title 28 U.S.C. Section 1407. When this box 
is checked do not cheek (5) above. 
Appeal to District Judge from Magistrate Judgment. (7) Cheek this box for an appeal nom a magistrate judge's decision. 
VI. 
Related/Rented Casa. This sectiosi ofthe JS 44 is used to reference related pendingases or re-filedcases hassxtthedocket numben.and the corresponding 
Judges name for such cases. 
VII. 
Cause of Action. Report the civil statute directly related to the cause erection and give a brief description of the cause. Do not cite jurisdictional statutes 
unless diversity. 
Example: 
U.S. Civil Statute: 47 USC 553 
Brief Description: Ortannortyx-d reception of cable service 
ViII. Requested In Complaint. Class Action. Place an "X" in this box if you are filing a class action under Rule 23, F.R.Cv.P. 
Demand. In this space enter the dollar amount (in thousands of dollars) bang demanded or indicate other demand such as a preliminary injunction. 
Jury Demand. Chock the appropriate box to indicate whether or not a jury is being demanded. 
Date and Attorney Signature. Date and sip the civil cover sheet. 
EFTA00727935

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727936.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727936.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 
IN RE: 
JEFFREY ERSTZIN 
TAPEC :NTERVTZW 
J. Consor & Associates Reporting & Franscription 
561.682.0905 
9Sae6444-1301.46ta-135d2.0.852$9cc56a 
01910 
EFTA00727936
--- PAGE 2 ---
Q nut he Anon you. 
' 
7 
.\ 
I don think -- he did. I tlitnk he did 
$ I—mum.1417S 
WO like oh. ..vel I if they 1,1; on how 
old ate )011 
say liatim IR hot he net tr ticked me hou old 
I M. as 
Q Oka) 
A 
I ihoughl you had to beet clan) age to va,sage 
6 , ace!-; 
J. Coitsor & Associates  Reporting & Transcription 
ttlat64•41-fabf-4613. b54:12-be85289cc 56a 
01913 
EFTA00727937

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727938.pdf
----------------------------------------
ENGLISH 
IMPORTANT NOTE REGARDING PING. We have changed the iTunes Store 
Terms and Conditions to provide you notice that if you have opted in to the Ping 
social network and use the new Ping Sidebar, iTunes will send information to 
Apple about the content you select in your iTunes library in order to provide you 
with Ping personal recommendations. By using Ping, you agree to Apple's use 
of such information. If you do not want iTunes to send this information to Apple 
for Ping, you may hide the Ping Sidebar or opt out of Ping. 
APPLE INC. 
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR iTUNES 
PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ("LICENSE") CAREFULLY BEFORE 
USING THE APPLE SOFTWARE. BY USING THE APPLE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO 
BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS 
LICENSE, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THE 
LICENSE, YOU MAY RETURN THE APPLE SOFTWARE TO THE PLACE WHERE YOU OBTAINED IT 
FOR A REFUND. IF THE APPLE SOFTWARE WAS ACCESSED ELECTRONICALLY, CLICK 
"DISAGREE/DECLINE". FOR APPLE SOFTWARE INCLUDED WITH YOUR PURCHASE OF 
HARDWARE, YOU MUST RETURN THE ENTIRE HARDWARE/SOFTWARE PACKAGE IN ORDER TO 
OBTAIN A REFUND. 
IMPORTANT NOTE: This software may be used to reproduce materials. It is licensed to you only 
for reproduction of non-copyrighted materials, materials in which you own the copyright, or 
materials you are authorized or legally permitted to reproduce. This software may also be used for 
remote access to music files for listening between computers. Remote access of copyrighted 
music is only provided for lawful personal use or as otherwise legally permitted. If you are 
uncertain about your right to copy or permit access to any material you should contact your legal 
advisor. 
1. General. The software, documentation and any fonts accompanying this License whether on disk, in 
read only memory, on any other media or in any other form (collectively the "Apple Software") are 
licensed, not sold, to you by Apple Inc. ("Apple") for use only under the terms of this License, and Apple 
reserves all rights not expressly granted to you. The rights granted herein are limited to Apple's and its 
licensors' intellectual property rights in the Apple Software and do not include any other patents or 
intellectual property rights. You own the media on which the Apple Software is recorded but Apple and/or 
Apple's licensor(s) retain ownership of the Apple Software itself. The terms of this License will govern any 
software upgrades provided by Apple that replace and/or supplement the original Apple Software product, 
unless such upgrade is accompanied by a separate license in which case the terms of that license will 
govern. 
2. Permitted License Uses and Restrictions. 
A. This License allows you to install and use the Apple Software. The Apple Software may be used to 
reproduce materials so long as such use is limited to reproduction of non-copyrighted materials, materials 
in which you own the copyright, or materials you are authorized or legally permitted to reproduce. You 
may not make the Apple Software available over a network where it could be used by multiple computers 
at the same time. You may make one copy of the Apple Software in machine-readable form for backup 
purposes only; provided that the backup copy must include all copyright or other proprietary notices 
contained on the original. Except as and only to the extent expressly permitted in this License or by 
applicable law, you may not copy, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, or create derivative 
works of the Apple Software or any part thereof. THE APPLE SOFTWARE IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE 
IN THE OPERATION OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES, AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION OR COMMUNICATION 
SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEMS, LIFE SUPPORT MACHINES OR OTHER 
EFTA00727938
--- PAGE 2 ---
EQUIPMENT IN WHICH THE FAILURE OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE COULD LEAD TO DEATH, 
PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. 
B. VoiceOver Kit - Automatic Updates. When you are using VoiceOver Kit version 1.3, the Apple Software 
will periodically check with Apple for updates to the pronunciation rules used by VoiceOver to generate 
the spoken items that you hear when you have VoiceOver selected. If a pronunciation update is available, 
the update will automatically download onto your computer, and when you have VoiceOver selected, the 
new version of the spoken items will be generated and synced to your iPod. The older version of the 
spoken items will no longer be available. These automatic updates will not change the actual media 
content (e.g., music, video, podcasts) on your iPod or in your iTunes library. 
3. Transfer. You may not rent, lease, lend, redistribute or sublicense the Apple Software. You may, 
however, make a one-time permanent transfer of all of your license rights to the Apple Software to 
another party, provided that: (a) the transfer must include all of the Apple Software, including all its 
component parts, original media, printed materials and this License; (b) you do not retain any copies of 
the Apple Software, full or partial, including copies stored on a computer or other storage device; and (c) 
the party receiving the Apple Software reads and agrees to accept the terms and conditions of this 
License. 
4. Consent to Use of Data. You agree that Apple and its subsidiaries may collect and use technical and 
related information, including but not limited to technical information about your computer, system and 
application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software 
updates, product support and other services to you (if any) related to the Apple Software and to verify 
compliance with the terms of this License. Apple may use this information, as long as it is in a form that 
does not personally identify you, to improve our products or to provide services or technologies to you. 
5. iTunes Store and other Services. This software enables access to Apple's iTunes Store which offers 
downloads of music for sale and other services (collectively and individually, "Services"). Use of the 
Services requires Internet access and use of certain Services requires you to accept additional terms of 
service which will be presented to you before you can use such Services. 
By using this software in connection with an iTunes Store account, you agree to the latest iTunes Store 
Terms of Service, which you may access and review from the home page of the iTunes Store. 
You understand that by using any of the Services, you may encounter content that may be deemed 
offensive, indecent, or objectionable, which content may or may not be identified as having explicit 
language. Nevertheless, you agree to use the Services at your sole risk and that Apple shall have no 
liability to you for content that may be found to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable. Content types 
(including genres, sub-genres and Podcast categories and sub-categories and the like) and descriptions 
are provided for convenience, and you acknowledge and agree that Apple does not guarantee their 
accuracy. 
Certain Services may include materials from third parties or links to certain third party web sites. You 
acknowledge and agree that Apple is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy 
of any such third-party material or web sites. Apple does not warrant or endorse and does not assume 
and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or web sites, or for any other 
materials, products, or services of third parties. Links to other web sites are provided solely as a 
convenience to you. You agree that you will not use any third-party materials in a manner that would 
infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that Apple is not in any way responsible for any such 
use by you. 
You agree that the Services, including but not limited to graphics, audio clips, and editorial content, 
contain proprietary information and material that is owned by Apple and/or its licensors, and is protected 
by applicable intellectual property and other laws, including but not limited to copyright, and that you will 
not use such proprietary information or materials in any way whatsoever except for permitted use of the 
Services. No portion of the Services may be reproduced in any form or by any means. You agree not to 
EFTA00727939
--- PAGE 3 ---
modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Services, in any manner, 
and you shall not exploit the Services in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including but not limited to, by 
trespass or burdening network capacity. 
Apple and its licensors reserve the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to any Services 
at any time without notice. In no event will Apple be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to any 
such Services. Apple may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain Services, in any case and 
without notice or liability. 
6. Termination. This License is effective until terminated. Your rights under this License will terminate 
automatically without notice from Apple if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this License. Upon the 
termination of this License, you shall cease all use of the Apple Software and destroy all copies, full or 
partial, of the Apple Software. 
7. Limited Warranty on Media. Apple warrants the media on which the Apple Software is recorded and 
delivered by Apple to be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use for a period of 
ninety (90) days from the date of original retail purchase. Your exclusive remedy under this Section shall 
be, at Apple's option, a refund of the purchase price of the product containing the Apple Software or 
replacement of the Apple Software which is returned to Apple or an Apple authorized representative with 
a copy of the receipt. THIS LIMITED WARRANTY AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ON THE MEDIA 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF 
SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED IN 
DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE. SOME 
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, 
SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE LIMITED WARRANTY SET FORTH 
HEREIN IS THE ONLY WARRANTY MADE TO YOU AND IS PROVIDED IN LIEU OF ANY OTHER 
WARRANTIES (IF ANY) CREATED BY ANY DOCUMENTATION OR PACKAGING. THIS LIMITED 
WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS 
WHICH VARY BY JURISDICTION. 
8. Disclaimer of Warranties. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE 
APPLE SOFTWARE (AS DEFINED ABOVE) AND SERVICES (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS AT YOUR 
SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, 
ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY ON MEDIA SET 
FORTH ABOVE AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE APPLE 
SOFTWARE AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT 
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND APPLE AND APPLE'S LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED 
TO AS "APPLE" FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 8 AND 9) HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL 
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES, 
EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND 
NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. APPLE DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST 
INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES, THAT THE 
FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR 
REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES WILL BE 
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR 
SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY 
APPLE OR AN APPLE AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD 
THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF 
ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW 
THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY 
RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO 
YOU. 
9. Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE 
EFTA00727940
--- PAGE 4 ---
BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR 
LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL 
DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE 
APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF 
LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF APPLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF 
LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO 
THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. In no event shall Apple's total liability to you for all 
damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the 
amount of fifty dollars ($50.00). The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails 
of its essential purpose. 
10. Export Control. You may not use or otherwise export or reexport the Apple Software except as 
authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Apple Software was obtained. 
In particular, but without limitation, the Apple Software may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any 
U.S. embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially 
Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person's List or Entity List. By using 
the Apple Software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any 
such list. You also agree that you will not use these products for any purposes prohibited by United States 
law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, or 
nuclear, chemical or biological weapons. 
11. Government End Users. The Apple Software and related documentation are "Commercial Items", as 
that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial 
Computer Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. 
§227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 
227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software 
Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) 
with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. 
Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. 
12. Controlling Law and Severability. This License will be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of California, as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed 
entirely within California between California residents. This License shall not be governed by the United 
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly 
excluded. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision, or portion thereof, to be 
unenforceable, the remainder of this License shall continue in full force and effect. 
13. Complete Agreement; Governing Language. This License constitutes the entire agreement 
between the parties with respect to the use of the Apple Software licensed hereunder and supersedes all 
prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter, with the exception of any 
additional terms and conditions you are required to accept if you choose to use Apple's online store which 
will govem your use of such store and any Services you purchase through that store. No amendment to 
or modification of this License will be binding unless in writing and signed by Apple. Any translation of this 
License is done for local requirements and in the event of a dispute between the English and any 
non-English versions, the English version of this License shall govern. 
14. Third Party Software and Service Terms and Conditions. 
A. Gracenote® End User License Agreement 
This application or device contains software from Gracenote, Inc. of Emeryville, California ("Gracenote"). 
The software from Gracenote (the "Gracenote Software") enables this application to perform disc and/or 
file identification and obtain music-related information, including name, artist, track, and title information 
("Gracenote Data") from online servers or embedded databases (collectively, "Gracenote Servers") and to 
perform other functions. You may use Gracenote Data only by means of the intended End-User functions 
of this application or device. 
EFTA00727941
--- PAGE 5 ---
You agree that you will use Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and Gracenote Servers for your 
own personal non-commercial use only. You agree not to assign, copy, transfer or transmit the 
Gracenote Software or any Gracenote Data to any third party. YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OR EXPLOIT 
GRACENOTE DATA, THE GRACENOTE SOFTWARE, OR GRACENOTE 
SERVERS, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED HEREIN. 
You agree that your non-exclusive license to use the Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and 
Gracenote Servers will terminate if you violate these restrictions. If your license terminates, you agree to 
cease any and all use of the Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and Gracenote Servers. 
Gracenote reserves all rights in Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and the Gracenote Servers, 
including all ownership rights. Under no circumstances will Gracenote become liable for any payment to 
you for any information that you provide. You agree that Gracenote, Inc. may enforce its rights under 
this 
Agreement against you directly in its own name. 
The Gracenote service uses a unique identifier to track queries for statistical purposes. The purpose of 
a randomly assigned numeric identifier is to allow the Gracenote service to count queries without knowing 
anything about who you are. For more information, see the web page for the Gracenote Privacy Policy 
for the Gracenote service. 
The Gracenote Software and each item of Gracenote Data are licensed to you "AS IS." Gracenote makes 
no representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the accuracy of any Gracenote Data from 
in the Gracenote Servers. Gracenote reserves the right to delete data from the Gracenote Servers or to 
change data categories for any cause that Gracenote deems sufficient. No warranty is made that the 
Gracenote Software or Gracenote Servers are error-free or that functioning of Gracenote Software or 
Gracenote Servers will be uninterrupted. Gracenote is not obligated to provide you with new enhanced or 
additional data types or categories that Gracenote may provide in the future and is free to discontinue its 
services at any time. GRACENOTE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR 
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. GRACENOTE DOES NOT 
WARRANT THE RESULTS THAT WILL BE OBTAINED BY YOUR USE OF THE GRACENOTE 
SOFTWARE OR ANY GRACENOTE SERVER. IN NO CASE WILL 
GRACENOTE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR FOR ANY 
LOST PROFITS OR LOST REVENUES. 
B. Kerbango Tuning Service Terms and Conditions. 
Terms of Service. By using 3Com Corporation's ("3Com") Kerbango tuning service, ("Kerbango Tuning 
Service") you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (the "TOS"): 
3Com Links. The sites displayed as search results or linked to by the Kerbango Tuning Service are 
owned and operated by individuals and/or companies over whom 3Com exercises no control. 3Com 
assumes no responsibility for the content of any site included in any search results or otherwise linked to 
by the Kerbango Tuning Service. 
Personal Use Only. The Kerbango Tuning Service is made available for your personal, non-commercial 
use only. Use of the Kerbango Tuning Service to sell a product or service, or to increase traffic to your 
Web site for commercial reasons, such as advertising sales is expressly forbidden. You may not take the 
results from a Kerbango search and reformat and display them, or mirror the 3Com's Kerbango home 
page or results pages on your Web site, or send automated queries to Kerbango's system without 
express permission from 3Com. 
If you wish to make commercial use of the Kerban o Tuning Service you must enter into an agreement 
with 3Com to do so. Please contact 
for more information. 
Changes In Terms and Conditions and Kerbango Tuning Service. 3Com may modify or terminate its 
EFTA00727942
--- PAGE 6 ---
services from time to time, for any reason, and without notice, including the right to terminate with or 
without notice, without liability to you, any other user or any third party. 3Com reserves the right to modify 
the TOS from time to time without notice. 
Disclaimer of Warranties. 3Com disclaims any and all responsibility or liability for the accuracy, content, 
completeness, legality, reliability, or operability or availability of information or material displayed in the 
Kerbango Tuning Service results. 3Com disclaims any responsibility for the deletion, failure to store, 
misdelivery, or untimely delivery of any information or material. 3Com disclaims any responsibility for any 
harm resulting from downloading or accessing any information or material on the Internet through the 
Kerbango Tuning Service. 
THE KERBANGO TUNING SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER. 
3COM EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ALL EXPRESS, 
IMPLIED, AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF 
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. 3COM DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SECURITY, 
RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND PERFORMANCE OF THE KERBANGO TUNING SERVICE. 3COM 
DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES FOR ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE OBTAINED THROUGH THE 
KERBANGO TUNING SERVICE. 3COM DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES FOR SERVICES OR GOODS 
RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE KERBANGO TUNING SERVICE OR RECEIVED 
THROUGH ANY LINKS PROVIDED BY THE KERBANGO TUNING SERVICE, AS WELL AS FOR ANY 
INFORMATION OR ADVICE RECEIVED THROUGH ANY LINKS PROVIDED IN THE KERBANGO 
TUNING SERVICE. 
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN MATERIAL OR 
DATA THROUGH THE USE OF THE KERBANGO TUNING SERVICE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION 
AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR 
COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS IN THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH 
MATERIAL OR DATA. 
SOME STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE 
OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE AND JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION. 
Limitation of Liability. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL 3COM BE LIABLE TO ANY USER ON 
ACCOUNT OF THAT USER'S USE OR MISUSE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE KERBANGO TUNING 
SERVICE ARISING FROM ANY CLAIM RELATING TO THIS LICENSE OR THE SUBJECT MATTER 
HEREOF. SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO PREVENT RECOVERY OF DIRECT, 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, AND PUNITIVE DAMAGES 
WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE (EVEN IF 3COM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGES). SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY WHETHER THE DAMAGES 
ARISE FROM USE OR MISUSE OF AND RELIANCE ON THE KERBANGO TUNING SERVICE, FROM 
INABILITY TO USE THE KERBANGO TUNING SERVICE, OR FROM THE INTERRUPTION, 
SUSPENSION, OR TERMINATION OF THE KERBANGO TUNING SERVICE (INCLUDING SUCH 
DAMAGES INCURRED BY THIRD PARTIES). THIS LIMITATION SHALL ALSO APPLY WITH 
RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY REASON OF OTHER SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED 
THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE KERBANGO TUNING SERVICE OR RECEIVED THROUGH 
ANY LINKS PROVIDED IN THE KERBANGO TUNING SERVICE, AS WELL AS BY REASON OF ANY 
INFORMATION OR ADVICE RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE KERBANGO TUNING 
SERVICE OR RECEIVED THROUGH ANY LINKS PROVIDED IN THE KERBANGO TUNING SERVICE. 
THIS LIMITATION SHALL ALSO APPLY, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO THE COSTS OF 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOST PROFITS, OR LOST DATA. SUCH 
LIMITATION SHALL FURTHER APPLY WITH RESPECT TO THE PERFORMANCE OR 
NON-PERFORMANCE OF THE KERBANGO TUNING SERVICE OR ANY INFORMATION OR 
MERCHANDISE THAT APPEARS ON, OR IS LINKED OR RELATED IN ANY WAY TO, THE 
EFTA00727943
--- PAGE 7 ---
KERBANGO TUNING SERVICE. SUCH LIMITATION SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY 
FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT 
PERMITTED BY LAW. 
SOME STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF 
LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND 
EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 
Without limiting the foregoing, under no circumstances shall 3Com be held liable for any delay or failure in 
performance resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces, or causes beyond its reasonable 
control, including, without limitation, Internet failures, computer equipment failures, telecommunication 
equipment failures, other equipment failures, electrical power failures, strikes, labor disputes, riots, 
insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages of labor or materials, fires, floods, storms, explosions, acts of 
God, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals, non-performance of 
third parties, or loss of or fluctuations in heat, light, or air conditioning. 
Miscellaneous Provisions. These TOS will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of 
the State of California, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or your actual state or country 
of residence. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision or portion of the TOS 
to be unenforceable, the remainder of the TOS will continue in full force and effect. 
These TOS constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof 
and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or 
oral, regarding such subject matter. Any waiver of any provision of the TOS will be effective only if in 
writing and signed by 3Com. 
EA0676 
Rev 9/22/10 
EFTA00727944

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727945.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT FOR 
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA 
MC2MM Model Miami, LLC, 
GENERAL JURISDICTION DIVISION 
Vida Karin Models USA, LW 
and 
MC2 Model Management, LLC, 
f/k/a Karin Models of America, LLC 
Plaintiffs, 
vs. 
CASE NO.: 
Defendant. 
NOTICE OF LIS PENDENS 
TO: 
DEFENDANT 
AND ALL OTHERS WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: 
YOU ARE NOTIFIED of the institution of this action by plaintiff against you 
seeking a constructive trust upon the following property in 
for 
damages : 
DATED on June 
, 2006. 
Jonathan N. David, Esq. 
Attorney for Plaintiff 
Ph: 
Fax: 
Fla. Bar No. 906816 
EFTA00727945
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00727946

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727947.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00727947

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727948.pdf
----------------------------------------
Qui Tarn 
Class Action 
PerSwat Injury 
Wrongful Death 
Commercial Litigation 
P AYH TO J U ST ICE COM 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos a Lehrman, P.L. 
May 10, 2010 
VIA FEDEX PRIORITY OVERNIGHT 7935 2823 3787 
Honorable Donald W. Hafele 
Main Judicial Complex 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
205 North Dixie Highway 
Room 11.1204 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Re: 
EW v. Jeffrey Epstein / Case No. 502008CA028058XXXXMB AB 
Plaintiffs' Responses to Defendant's Motion for Leave to Serve Additional 
Interrogatories 
Hearing on May 12, 2010 O 8:45 AM 
Dear Judge Hafele: 
Enclosed please find EW's Responses to Defendant's Motion for Leave to Serve Additional 
Interrogatories set for May 12, 2010 at 8:45AM. 
Should you have any questions, please feel free to call. 
Thank you for your consideration and interest. 
Very truly yours, 
a/
C 
Bradley J. Edwards 
BJE/bw 
Enc. 
cc: Counsel 
425 North An 
e, Suite 2, 
ale, Florida 33301 
office 
fax 
EFTA00727948
--- PAGE 2 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT FOR THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR 
PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
FILE NO. 502008CP003626XXXXMB 
E.W., 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
PLAINTIFF E.W.'S RESPONSE TO DEFENDANT'S 
MOTION FOR LEAVE TO FILE ADDITIONAL INTERROGATORIES 
Plaintiff, E.W., hereby files this response to Defendant Epstein's Motion for Leave 
to File Additional Interrogatories. In support of this response, Plaintiff states as follows: 
On February 25, 2010, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") propounded his 
Fourth Set of Interrogatories to Plaintiff. 
Plaintiff objected to questions 3 — 12 pursuant to F.R.C.P. 1.340, which states, 
"The interrogatories shall not exceed 30, including all subparts, unless the court permits 
a larger number on motion and notice for good cause." 
Plaintiff has answered over 30 interrogatories propounded by Epstein to date and 
Epstein has no good cause to ask for additional Interrogatories. 
Epstein argues that he should be entitled to an additional 30 interrogatories 
because EW: a) is seeking significant damages and the nature of the case; b) is a 
witness in companion cases filed by victims against Epstein; and c) has not been 
deposed in this case. 
EFTA00727949
--- PAGE 3 ---
Epstein has clearly obtained a vast amount of discovery, including that of the 
most sensitive and personal nature, from information about past sexual partners to 
abortion records, which E.W. has been made to hand over to the convicted sex offender 
who molested her. 
Epstein has questioned Plaintiffs friends, family, neighbors, set many of them for 
deposition and hired investigators to follow and harass Plaintiff for the past two years. 
The amount of damages sought by Plaintiff does not entitle the defendant to 
abuse the discovery process. 
This is not a complex litigation matter where vast 
amounts of quantitative data must be collected. 
Contrary to Epstein's motion, E.W. was deposed in this case on May 6, 2010 and 
Plaintiffs have agreed to produce her a second time. Plaintiff was deposed for 4.5 
hours the first day and was willing to continue, but Mr. Critton had to stop. E.W. was 
set to be deposed again the following day, but that deposition was cancelled by 
Epstein's counsel. 
Defendant's motion is moot. 
Defendant could have easily asked all of the 
questions contained in Defendant's Fourth Interrogatories and questions about the other 
cases at Plaintiffs deposition on May 6, 2010, and if he forgot, then he will have yet 
another opportunity to do so in the future. 
Epstein is a convicted sex offender, who has not denied a single allegation of 
Plaintiffs E.W. and L.M. He has used the discovery process to intimidate, harass and at 
times terrorize his victims, and this discovery is unnecessary and without purpose. 
EFTA00727950
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein has not answered any discovery, instead he has taken the Fifth 
Amendment on all Interrogatory and deposition questions, yet remarkably, requests 
discovery beyond that permitted by the Rules of Procedure. 
The fact that Epstein has not withdrawn this motion after deposing E.W. on May 
6, 2010, cancelling E.W.'s continued deposition on May 7, 2010 and having a future 
opportunity to depose E.W. shows this motion is abusive and harassing and should be 
promptly denied. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
on May 10, 2010 via US Mail and email: Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Critton, et 
al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., 
Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack 
Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury Goldberger et al.. 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
ax 
By: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00727951

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727952.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727952.pdf
----------------------------------------
EWEST PALM BEACH OFFICE: 
2139 PALM BEACH LAKES BLVD. 
WEST PALM BEACH. FLORIDA 33409 
P.O. BOX 3626 
WEST PALM REACH. FLORIDA 33402 
(561)686.6300 
1400-760.8607 
1.600-220-7006 Spanish 
ATTORNEvs AT LAW: 
ROSALYN WA BAKER-IMPRES 
F. GREGORY BAsEmART •• 
T.HARDEE BASS. IN 
LAURIE J.I4R1313S 
BRAN R. DENNEY 
EARL L DENNEY. JR.'" 
BRENDA S.EDO*" • 
JMAESW.GUSTAFSCW JR' 
JACK P HU. 
DAM K KELLEY JR.' 
WILLIAM El MO,
DARRYL L LEWIS• 
WELIAM A. NORTON*,
PATRCK E. CONtM1 • 
EDWARD V RICCI 
Ai
xSALES -.1 
SC.AROLA '• 
NSESRCY •• 
A. SHIPLEY Ai -, 
PHER K WEED". 
KAREN E TERRY • 
C CALVIN WAWINER III-' 
' SHARENCLOPAS 
• BOARD CERTIFIED 
ALSO AOMT111:1 
NEW JERSEY 
I IAA,550.04USETYS 
, MISSS.StPPI 
• LIARYLAND 
• Wilt 
PARALEGALS: 
VW WI AYAPI•TEJEDA 
ALYSSA A PEEMARDO 
MAROA Y GODSON 
RANDY Ea MAPES/4E 
C. HOPKINS 
NE 
•A KNAPP 
VINCENT L LLON.ARD. JR. 
JAmES FETES, LOVE 
Ca
nt.] A PRATO 
w. PITCHER 
P. PORGY 
KATH.EEN WON 
STEVE It MATH 
Qom* S STARK 
WALTER A. STEIN 
BRIAN P. %UMW 
August 31, 2009 
SEARCY 
DENNEY 
SCAROLA 
BARNHART 
8-SHIPLEY,A 
Michael Pike, Esquire 
Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
RE: =. 
vs. Epstein, et al. 
Our File No.: 
281849 
Dear Mike: 
DMIJAHASSEE OFFICE.
THE TOWLE HOUSE 
517 NORTH CAU4OUN STREET 
TALLAHASSEE, FL 32301-1231 
RO.BOX 1230 
1ALIAHASSEE. FLORIDA 32302 
VIA E-MAIL AND U.S. MAIL 
I am in 
Plaintiff, 
with a certificate of service date of 
dependent Medical Examination of 
August 25, 2009. I write to you to ensure that this document will in no way act as 
a waiver on my part of my currently pending motion for protective order regarding 
e of your CME. Although we have provided September 8, 2009 for 
CME, we still need a ruling from the Court regarding the CME before it 
can actually go forward. 
Your document references that "Unless a timely and valid objection to this Notice 
is filed within the time set forth by Rule 35 or as ordered by the court on an 
emergency basis (Rule 7.1(E)), the Plaintiff is required by this Rule to be in 
attendance at the above-scheduled examination! I confess that I have scoured 
Rule 35 but have not been able to find any reference whatsoever to a "timely and 
valid objection to this Notice." Can you please enlighten me regarding same? 
Lastly, your notice states that "Plaintiff has agreed to assume the costs of the 
additional monitor! As we have previously discussed via email, the reference to 
Plaintiff agreeing to bear the costs of the additional monitor was a typo as it is the 
Defendant who has agreed to pay for same. Please correct me if I am wrong in 
this regard. 
(850) 220-7600 
1.888.649-7011 
a
ssiSsi
s 
WWW.SEARCYLAW.COM 
EFTA00727952
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
On the subject of videotaping the CME, am I correct in assuming that you will 
provide my office with a copy of the videotape of the CME? You will recall we did 
the same for you in A.C.'s case. We will, of course, pay for the costs associated 
with duplicating the videotape. 
I look forward to hearing from you. 
JACK R, HILL 
JPHTjph 
cc: 
Richard Willits, Esquire 
as
EFTA00727953

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727954.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727954.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 27, 2010 
VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL & FACSIMILE TO (505) 827-3399 
Regina Chacon 
Department of Public Safety 
P.O. Box 1628 
Santa Fe, New Mexico 87504-1628 
Re: 
Jeffrey E. Epstein: New Mexico SORNA registration 
Dear Ms. Chacon: 
Thank you for speaking with me by phone on July 26, 2010. The person I was describing to you 
is my client Jeffrey Epstein, d/o/b January 20, 1953. Although Mr. Epstein currently resides in 
the Virgin Islands, he is also the sole beneficiary of a trust which owns a vacation home at 49 
Zorro Ranch Road, Stanley, New Mexico, 87056 in Santa Fe County. 
Mr. Epstein has pleaded guilty to two offenses and was sentenced on June 30, 2008 in the 15'h
Judicial Circuit Court of Palm Beach County, Florida in criminal case numbers 06-CF-9454 and 
08-CF-9381. I have enclosed the Indictment, Information and Sentences imposed on that date. 
As you will see, the second offense is Procuring a Person Under 18 for Prostitution in violation 
of Florida Statute 796.03. That charge was based on conduct occurring between August 1, 2004 
and October 9, 2005 with a person, A.D., who turned 18 on October 10, 2005 ( in other words, 
the conduct as alleged occurred when A.D. was 16 and 17). He was released from the last 
sentence to be served under the two Sentencing Judgements, called "community control" under 
Florida law, on July 21, 2010. 
This offense required, as a matter of Florida state law, sex offender registration. Before Mr. 
Epstein concluded his sentence, he registered as a sex offender in Florida. Because his primary 
residence is in the Virgin Islands, he has also registered in that jurisdiction. 
My reading of the NM Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) provisions of 
NMSA 1978, § 29-11A-4, leads me to believe that my client has not committed an offense which 
would require him to register in New Mexico under state law. However, I have enclosed the 
pleadings in the Florida case so that you can give me your independent opinion on this as well. I 
do not read Procuring a Person Under 18 for Prostitution as falling within one of the enumerated 
SORNA qualifying offenses under NMSA 1978, § 29-11A-3(E) (defining 'sex offense' for 
purposes of the New Mexico SORNA provisions). Nonetheless, in an abundance of caution, Mr. 
EFTA00727954
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
Letter to Regina Chacon 
re: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
July 27, 2010 
Epstein will be registering with New Mexico local authorities to satisfy any federal SORNA 
reporting requirements. 
I agree with your reading of the NM SORNA statutes that Mr. Epstein's reporting requirements 
are not triggered until he actually arrives here in New Mexico. The state statute provides for ten 
days to appear in person at the Sheriff's Office after arrival. For that reason, upon his next visit 
to the New Mexico vacation home, Mr. Epstein will be appearing at the Santa Fe County 
Sheriff's Office to register to comply with federal SORNA requirements. I appreciate your offer 
of assistance in alerting the Santa Fe County Sheriff's Office regarding Mr. Epstein's need to 
register under Federal SORNA Law, assuming that he need not register under the NM's SORNA 
provisions. 
I also understand that your reading of the State SORNA statutes does not require Mr. Epstein to 
reappear at the Sheriff's Office in person each time he visits the Stanley vacation house. 
However, at your suggestion, I intend to have Mr. Epstein call the Santa Fe Sheriffs whenever he 
is in New Mexico to alert them of his presence at the Stanley home. 
In any case, I await your review of the enclosed materials and assessment of whether Mr. 
Epstein's conviction in Florida gives rise to a state SORNA reporting requirement under New 
Mexico law. 
Thank you for your willingness to review the material and give me your considered opinion. 
Please call if you have any questions, need more information, or if I have misunderstood our 
discussions in any way. I look forward to hearing from you. In case you are calling after business 
hours, my cell is 505 250 5616. 
Sincerely, 
PETER SCHOENBURG 
Attorney At Law 
PS/cls 
Enclosures: 
Indictment returned July 19, 2006 
Information filed June 26, 2008 
EFTA00727955
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
Letter to Regina Chacon 
re: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
July 27, 2010 
Sentence Imposed on Indictment June 30, 2008 
Sentence Imposed on Information June 30, 2008 
cc (with enclosures): Rosemary McCourt, Esq. 
New Mexico Public Safety Department 
P.O. Box 1628 
Santa Fe, NM 87504-1628 
EFTA00727956

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727957.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727957.pdf
----------------------------------------
Board Certified ON TN Lawyer 
Certified Orcuit Mediator 
LAW OFFICES OF 
DAVID W. SPICER, P.A. 
11000 Prosperity Farms Road 
Suite 104 
Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 33410 
Telephone: 561.625.6066 
Facsimile: 561-625-6016 
Toll Free Number: 1-877-34SPICER 
WWW.DAVIDSPICERLAW.COM 
VIA FACSIMILE AND U.S. MAIL 
Isidro Manuel =, 
Esq. 
Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datura Street 
Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5637 
RE: 
Your Client: 
Case Number: 
Our Client: 
Dear Mr. 
April 15, 2009 
Jane Doe II - 
CA 020614 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sandra W. Hughes 
Paralegal/Office Administrator 
Jill McClelland 
Legal Assistant 
Enclosed is the Motion for Protective Order set for hearing tomorrow morning regarding Mr. 
Epstein's deposition. As you know, I have requested additional time to re-set this as I have just now 
came into the case. If we can work this out without the necessity of a hearing tomorrow morning, 
please advise. 
Thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
DdltklY 
DWS/swh 
Enclosure 
cc: 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00727957
--- PAGE 2 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE ?if I EENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA. 
Case No. 502008 CA 020614XXXXMB AB 
Civil Division 
JANE DOE 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendants. 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE 
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that David W. Spicer, Esquire of Law Offices of 
David W. Spicer, P.A., 11000 Prosperity Farms Road, Suite 104, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 
33410 is appearing as counsel on behalf of the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the above and foregoing was 
SO' 
furnished by facsimile and U.S. mail this 15 day of April, 2009, to all counsel on the attached 
service list: 
LAW OFFICE OF DAVID W. SPICER, P.A. 
11000 Prosperity Farms Road, Suite 104 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410-3477 
(561) 625-6066-Telephone 
(561) 625-6016-Facsimi 
avid W. 
Florida Bar # 03 290 
EFTA00727958
--- PAGE 3 ---
RE: Notice of Appearance 
Case No. 502008CA020614MB Aa 
Page 2 
SERVICE LIST 
D. Critton, Jr., Esq. 
Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman 
515 North Flagler Drive 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Telepho 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Ave. South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach FL 33401-5012 
Telephon 
Facsimile 
Co-Counsel for Defendant 
Isidrio M. =, 
Esq. 
Law Finn, P.A. 
224 Datura Street 
Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
Bruce Rhinehart, Esq. 
250 South Australian Blvd. 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Telephon 
Counsel for
EFTA00727959
--- PAGE 4 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM BEACH 
COUNTY, FLORIDA. 
Case No. 502008 CA 020614XXX3IMB AB 
Civil Division 
JANE DOE II, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendants. 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
TO: 
ALL PARTIES/ COUNSEL OF RECORD ON CERTIFICATE SERVICE. 
SPECIFIC MATTER(S) TO BE HEARD: Defendant's Motion for Protective Order. 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned will call up the above matter for hearing 
the following date and time: 
DATE: 
Thursday, April 16, 2009 
TIME: 
8:45 a.m. 
JUDGE: 
Judge Donald Hafele 
PLACE: 
205 North Dixie Highway, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Courtroom 11B 
RULE 4. In accordance with Local Rule No. 4(2), before the time set forth for hearing above, 
undersigned counsel has made or will make a good 
effort to resolve the matter. 
EFTA00727960
--- PAGE 5 ---
RE: Notice of Hearing 
Case No. 502008 CA 020614XXXXMB AB 
Page 2 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the above and foregoing was furnished 
by facsimile and U.S. mail this jc day of April, 2009, to all counsel on the attached 
service list: 
LAW OFFICE OF DAVID W. SPICER, P.A. 
11000 Prosperity Farms Road, Suite 104 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410-3477 
(561) 625-6066-Telephone 
(561) 625-6016-Facsimil 
avid W. 
Florida Bar # 0 
EFTA00727961
--- PAGE 6 ---
RE: Notice of Hearing 
Case No. 502008CA020614MB AB 
Page 2 
SERVICE LIST 
D. Critton, Jr., Esq. 
Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman 
515 North Flagler Drive 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Telephon 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Ave. South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Telephone 
Facsimile: 
Co-Counsel for Defendant 
Isidrio M. =, 
Esq. 
Law Finn, P.A. 
224 Datura Street 
Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Telephone... 
Facsimile 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
Bruce Rhinehart, Esq. 
250 South Australian Blvd. 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Telephone: 
Counsel for Co-Defendant 
EFTA00727962
--- PAGE 7 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA. 
Case No. 502008 CA 020614XXXXMB AB 
Civil Division 
JANE DOE II, 
Plaintiff, 
vS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendants. 
DEFENDANT. JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
The Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through the undersigned attorney pursuant to 
Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 1.280 ( c) files the following Motion for Protective Order and as 
grounds therefore states as follows: 
1. 
The undersigned has been retained as counsel for Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN. 
A Substitution of Counsel for the Law Firm of Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman, LLP has been 
forwarded to the parties for the Defendant and execution has been approved by the parties and is 
pending submission to the Court. 
2. 
The undersigned forwarded a letter via facsimile and U.S. Mail on April 14, 2009, 
requesting the re-scheduling of the deposition of the Defendant and have placed several telephone 
calls to counsel for the Plaintiff requesting the re-scheduling of the deposition of the Defendant. A 
EFTA00727963
--- PAGE 8 ---
RE: Jane Doe II/Epstein 
Case No. Case No. 502008 CA 020614)OOOCMB AB 
Page 2 
copy of the letter is attached hereto as Exhibit "A." 
3. 
The Plaintiff has not responded to the request for the re-scheduling of the deposition. 
4. 
The undersigned counsel requires sufficient time to review the file and consult with 
the Defendant regarding the testimony. 
5. 
The matter has not been set for trial and the re-scheduling of the deposition will not 
prejudice the Plaintiff. 
WHEREFORE, the Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, respectfully requests this Court enter 
an Order continuing the deposition of the Defendant until such time as counsel for the Defendant has 
had an opportunity to review the file and consult with the Defendant regarding the deposition 
testimony. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the above and foregoing was furnished 
by facsimile and U.S. mail this 6 r day of April, 2009, to all counsel on the attached service list: 
LAW OFFICE OF DAVID W. SPICER, P.A. 
Counsel for Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
11000 Prosperity Farms Road, Suite 104 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410-3477 
(561) 625-6066-Telephone 
(561) 625-6016-Fa& 
David 
picer, 
qui 
Florida Bar 
EFTA00727964
--- PAGE 9 ---
RE: Jane Doe II Epstein 
Case No. Case No. 502008 CA 020614)OOOCMB AB 
Page 3 
SERVICE LIST 
D. Critton, Jr., Esq. 
Burman, Critton, Luther & Coleman 
515 North Flagler Drive 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Ave. South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Co-Counsel for Defendant 
Isidrio M. =, 
Esq. 
Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datura Street 
Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
Bruce Rhinehart, Esq. 
250 South Australian Blvd. 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Telephone: 561-202-6360 
Counsel for Co-Defendant 
EFTA00727965
--- PAGE 10 ---
Board Certified Civil Trial Lawyer 
Certified Circuit Mediator 
LAW OFFICES OF 
DAVID W. SPICER, P.A. 
11000 Prosperity Farms Road 
Suite 104 
Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 33410 
Telephone: 561-625-6066 
Facsimile: S61-625-6016 
Toll Free Number: 1-877-34SPICER 
WWW.DAVIDSPICERLAWCOM 
VIA FACSIMILE AND U.S. MAIL 
Isidro Manuel =, 
Esq. 
Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datum Street 
Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5637 
RE: 
Your Client: 
Case Number: 
Our Client: 
Dear Mr. 
April 14, 2009 
Jane Doe II - 
CA 020614 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sandra W. Hughes 
Paralegal/Office Administrator 
Jill McClelland 
Legal Assistant 
Please be advised that I have been retained by Jeffrey Epstein to represent him in the above matter. 
My firm will be submitting a Substitution of Counsel for the Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman Law 
Firm. It is my understanding that you have set Mr. Epstein for deposition on April 16, 2009. I 
would appreciate your re-scheduling the deposition of Mr. Epstein so I may have the opportunity to 
review the file. 
I am presently in an all day mediation today and would appreciate your contacting my office at your 
earliest opportunity regarding this request. Thank you for your anticipated cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
David W. Spicer 
DWS/swh 
cc: 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Signed in the absence of 
David W. Spicer to expedite delivery 
DEFENDANT'S 
§ 
EXHIBIT 
/ 
\\At 
EFTA00727966

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727967.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00727967

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727968.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727968.pdf
----------------------------------------
Meeting Notes 
Gensler 
Preset 
Project Number 
Little St. James Island 
05.7112.004 
Meeting Location 
Meeting Date 
vie Telephone 
Little St. James Island 
and/or Time 
October 26-27, 2010 
Meeting Subject 
Design Work Sessions with Owner 
Meeting Number 
File 
IMN 
This Is page 
of 3 
Present 
Distribution 
Prepared by 
Jeffrey Epstein, Doug Schoettle, Gary Kemey, Warwick Wicksman, Tom Sze 
Those present, Andy Cohen, Bryan Oakes, Rich Kahn, Darren lndyke 
Warwick Wicksman 
Date Issued 
11/1/10 
Gender will rely on these notes as the approved record of matters discussed and conclusions reached during this meeting unless written notice to the contrary is 
received by Gender within seven calendar days of the issue date of these meeting notes. 
Diseaseles 
Action / Decisions Pending / Follow up 
Main Residence: 
• 
Pool Area: 
o 
Pool to be 19' wide x 60'-63' long. Diving board at east end. 
o 
Pool to be oriented east-west, located east of the living room. 
o 
Pool deck elevation to be at approx. +48'. 
o 
Pool deck: 15'-17' on east, 12' min. on north and south, +/-
25' on east. 
o 
Provide covered sitting area on south (below upper garden). 
Area to have 10' minimum ceiling height. 
o 
Pool area to include one treatment room, bathroom, shower 
area and storage. May be in covered seating area, or attached 
to living room cabana. 
o 
Provide stairs on south and east. No direct line of sight to 
pool. 
o No stone on pool walls; white plaster. 
o Glass mil on north side of deck. 
o 
Provide separate access to service road. 
o 
Pool equipment to be located below north deck. 
• 
Living Room Cabana at Pool: 
o 
Locate east of pool, at same elevation of pool deck, with 
views to north. 
o Approx 700-1000 SF. Original size 30'x50' too large for site. 
Keep centered on pool; east face about 24' wide. 
o 
Living room to be accessed from pool stairs. Final design of 
upper garden area may include living room access on 
south/east side. 
o May include oversized fireplace. 
o May include service areas below. 
• 
Living Room Terrace: 
o Terrace area north of existing living room. Main symmetrical 
with existing living room. 
n:05.7112.0001Jommentatmall_goersAl MA'AM. I010 draw ommtlinaftanoix 
?Stall j10 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
.front Monica 
California 90404 
Tel: 310.449.5600 
Fax: 310.449.5850 
EFTA00727968
--- PAGE 2 ---
Meeting Notes continued 
Gensler 
Prokat 
Little St. James Island 
Project Numbee 
05.7112.004 
Setleg Delp 
October 26-27, 2010 
This is page 
of 3 
Dlaasselog 
Action / Decisions Pending / Follow up 
o New stair from terrace to Master Bedroom and Library to be 
located in front of north wall of Kitchen. East-west stair to go 
from terrace at 59', down to landing at 56'-6", then down to 
lower landing at 54'. North-south stair to connect from 54' 
down to Master Bedroom stair landing at 47'. 
o Locate steps from terrace at north side of living room (+59') 
to lower terrace (+56'), in r d and 4111 bays of terrace arcade 
(no view of steps from south side of living room breezeways). 
• 
Existing Living Room: 
o Existing living room to be converted into media room at 
future date. Scope of work pending. Warwick to provide 
references for digital projector. 
Upper Garden Area and Guest Cottage: 
• 
Guest Cottage to consist of two bedroom, two bathrooms, sitting area, 
and entry patio. 
• 
Guest Cottage to be set down from upper garden level; roof may be 
partially visible from garden. 
• 
Guest Cottage may contain a lower level for back-of-house, depending 
on adjacent elevations. 
• 
Jeffrey requested design concept for existing deck over new Laundry 
room, between existing Guest Cottages. 
• 
Jeffrey requested design concept for southeast portion of upper garden 
area, near proposed new cottages, to anchor corner of garden. May 
include raised landscape feature with observation area. 
Spa: 
• 
Spa to consist of: 
o 3 standard treatment rooms (may be indoor/outdoor rooms) 
o 
I wet/hydrotherapy room 
o Sitting area (not large) 
o Bathroom/changing room, shower and support spaces. 
• 
Provide entry access from top of nursery terrace at north, and vehicle 
space at south. Potential access from "Tiki Hut". 
• 
Provide ocean and garden views. Avoid pedestrian path in front of 
treatment rooms to maintain privacy. 
• 
Provide outdoor sitting area near top of nursery terrace. 
• 
Provide alternate hardscape design for concrete pad at bottom of 
nursery terrace. 
Music Room: 
• 
Single level (no loft space). 
• 
Open room with one bathroom and small storage room (no pantry). 
• 
Floor-to-ceiling glass with 180 degree view centered on Sail Rock 
(215 degrees South). 
• 
Contemporary/modem building. Glass may be curved, but not a round 
ml05.7112.0001Joituitentatuall_greeraMmn,eam 1010.blJeaggiommdinancetbsx 
MN 
IC 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Sawa Monica 
California 90404 
Tel: 310.449.5600 
Fax: 310.449.5850 
EFTA00727969
--- PAGE 3 ---
Meeting Notes continued 
Gensler 
Pi0/004
Little St. James Island 
Project Number 
05.7112.004 
S ating Dee 
October 26-27, 2010 
This is page 
of 3 
Distession 
Action / Decisions Pending / Follow up 
building. 
Staff Cottage: 
• 
Cottage to consist of 4 private bedrooms, with private bathrooms and 
decks. 
• 
Common Room to include Living/Dining/Kitchen 
• 
Separate Laundry and Storage Room. 
• 
Structure to be built on "stilts", above beach, along roadway, with 
pull-out area for vehicles. 
• 
Owner has CZM-approved plans to be used as reference for program 
only. 
• 
Design to include concrete structure, CMU walls with cement plaster 
finish, and metal roof 
• 
Mechanical systems to include separate FCU's for each bedroom, and 
split system for common area. 
Site Surveys: 
• 
Warwick to contact Moseley for latest versions of site surveys. 
• 
Gary to have Moseley survey Spa, Music Room and Staff Cottage 
areas. (Spa survey needed ASAP for proposed design studies; Music 
Room and Staff Cottage surveys not required until Gensler is released 
to start design.) 
• 
See attached images for reference. 
Misc: 
• 
See attached conceptual plans ("LSJ Concept Plan 101027 - 1.PDF", 
"LSJ Concept Plan 101027 - 2.pdr, and "LSJ Concept Plan 101027 -
3.pdf" ) for additional information. 
• 
See attached photos for additional comments. 
End of Meeting Notes 
n:l05.7112.00011numentatmall_goersAl MA'AM. I010 draw 
aJinacndwx 
Me_OSI 'I 0 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Santa Monica 
California 90404 
Tel: 
Fax: 
EFTA00727970

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727971.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Fort Lauderdale Division 
www. flsb.uscourts.gov 
IN RE: 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
Debtor. 
Case No. 09-3479 I-BKC-RBR 
Chapter 11 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO COMPEL 
PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS FROM TRUSTEE PURSUANT TO 
DOCUMENT PRODUCTION PROTOCOL ESTABLISHED BY DE #672 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN ("EPSTEIN"), by and through undersigned counsel, respectfully moves 
this Honorable Court pursuant to the provisions of Fed.R.Civ.37(a) (which is incorporated into 
bankruptcy practice by Fed.R.Bankr.P. 7037), for an Order compelling HERBERT STETTIN 
("STETTIN"), the Chapter 11 Trustee for the Estate of ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A. 
("RRA"), (a) to comply with the Document Production Protocol established by this Court at his 
request; (b) to produce documents pursuant to a Subpoena served upon him in a state court matter 
on April 17, 2010; and ( c ) where appropriate to furnish a Privilege Log. In support thereof, 
EPSTEIN would respectfully submit the following: 
I. 
This Court, by virtue of the Order which established the Document Production 
Protocol (DE #672) has taken jurisdiction over all discovery sought of the Trustee. This Court 
generally has jurisdiction over such matters by virtue of 28 U.S.C.§§ 152 and 1334. 
2. 
On May 6, 2010, STETTIN moved for expedited relief seeking a Protective Order 
with respect to discovery which had been served upon him by one group of creditors, and in doing 
EFTA00727971
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 09-34791-BKC-RBR 
so requested approval of a proposed Document Production Protocol to be used across the board with 
respect to anticipated future document requests that he anticipated receiving from third parties (DE 
#617). 
3. 
On May 18, 2010, this Court entered an "Order Granting Trustee's Motion Seeking 
a Protective Order and Approving Proposed Document Production Protocol" (DE #672). This Order 
established the process for anyone wishing discovery from the Trustee. Its operation it not limited 
to discovery in the bankruptcy case. Moreover, in that Order, the Court set out the Document 
Production Protocol and, at paragraph 7, retained jurisdiction with respect to all matters arising from 
or related to the implementation or interpretation of said Order; i.e., all discovery sought from the 
Trustee, without any limitation on the forum. 
4. 
EPSTEIN is currently a party Plaintiff to a lawsuit in the Circuit Court of the 
Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, in and for Palm Beach County, Florida, Case No. 50-2009 CA 
040800XXXX MB AG. The action is entitled Jeffrey Epstein, Plaintiff vs. Scott Rothstein, 
individually, Bradley J. Edwards, individually, and L.M., individually. 
5. 
On or about April 17, 2010, counsel for EPSTEIN in the state court had served a 
Subpoena Duces Tecum for Deposition - Documents Only, on STETTIN in his capacity as Trustee, 
in an attempt to obtain documents relevant to issues in the state court case. A paralegal from 
BERGER SINGERMAN P.A., counsel for the Trustee, wrote to one of the counsel involved in the 
state court indicating that the Trustee had retrieved approximately six-thousand (6,000) emails that 
might be responsive to the Subpoena described above. The paralegal, one LUIS TORRES 
EFTA00727972
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case No. 09-34791-BKC-RBR 
("TORRES"), indicated that he anticipated finalizing review of the emails for attorney/client 
privilege information by May 28, 2010, and intended to produce the documents along with the 
Privilege Log by May 31, 2010 (Exhibit "A" attached - TORRES' letter). 
6. 
It did not happen. 
7. 
In the meantime, on May 6, 2010, the Trustee had filed his Motion in this Court 
seeking to establish the Document Production Protocol and this Court entered its Order (DE #672 
supra). 
8. 
On the strength of the "Document Production Protocol" Trustee's counsel now 
demanded that Movant enter into a Joint Motion for Entry of Stipulated Protective Order and a 
Protective Order - the forms established by the Order setting the Document Production Protocol. 
Movant's counsel forwarded to TORRES, the paralegal, and CHARLES LICHTMAN, ESQ., the 
executed Joint Ex Pane Motion and the proposed Stipulated Protective Order. Counsel for the 
Trustee did not file them, nor have they ever produced the required information (notwithstanding that 
TORRES had written that the materials would be ready before the end of May 2010). 
9. 
Production of these documents from the Trustee is critical to issues in the state court 
lawsuit. Without access to the emails in question, Movant will suffer unfair prejudice and will be 
unable to obtain information critical to his lawsuit. To date, the Trustee apparently claims privilege 
over all of these documents, but no Privilege Log has ever been provided. In addition, there is the 
potential that the "crime-fraud exemption" to the attorney/client privilege would ultimately apply 
rendering any claimed privilege, even one that is improperly claimed, to be moot. 
EFTA00727973
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case No. 09-34791-BKC-RBR 
WHEREFORE, Movant respectfully prays that this Court (a) enter the standard stipulated 
Protective Order so that Movant will be in compliance with the Document Production Protocol; and 
(b) order the Trustee to comply with the Subpoena originally served on April 17, 2010 - almost three 
(3) months ago. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Ronald G. Neiwirth 
Fla. Bar No. 152175 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14'h Floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131-3302 
Telephon 
Facsimile: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on July 14, 2010, I electronically filed the foregoing document with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record or pro se parties identified on the attached Service List in the manner 
specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some 
other authorized manner for those counsel or parties who are not authorized to receive electronically 
Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Ronald G. Neiwirth
Ronald G. Neiwirth 
EFTA00727974
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case No. 09-34791-BKC-RBR 
SERVICE LIST 
Charles H. Lichtman, Esq. 
Berger Singerman P.A. 
350 East Las Olas Blvd., # 1000 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 (Via CM/ECF and email) 
Marianella Morales, Esq. 
Avenida Francisco de Miranda 
Torre Provincial "A", Piso 8 
Caracas, Venezuela 
(Via CM/ECF) 
John H. Genovese, Esq. 
Bank of America Tower at International Place 
100 S.E. 2nd Street, # 4400 
Miami, FL 33131 
(Via CM/ECF) 
Office of the U.S. Trustee 
S.W. First Avenue, # 1204 
Miami, FL 33130 
(Via CM/ECF) 
Thomas Tew, Esq. 
Tew-Cardenas, LLP 
Four Seasons Tower, 15 FL 
1441 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, FL 33131 
(Via CM/ECF) 
Conrad & Scherer, LLP 
633 South Federal Highway 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 (Via CM/ECF) 
Michael D. Seese, Esq. 
Hinshaw & Culbertson, LLP 
I E Broward Blvd., # 1010 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 (Via CM/ECF) 
William George Salim, Jr. 
Moskowitz Mandell & Salim 
800 Corporate Dr., # 510 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33334 (Via CM/ECF) 
Special Assistant U.S. Attorney 
P.O. Box 9 Stop 8000 
S.W. I" Avenue, # 1114 
Miami, FL 33130 
(Via U.S. Mail) 
Kendall Coffey, Esq. 
Office in the Grove - Penthouse 
2699 South Bayshore Drive 
Miami, FL 33133 
(Via CM/ECF) 
The Honorable Herbert Stettin 
One Biscayne Tower, # 3700 
Two South Biscayne Blvd. 
Miami, FL 33131 
(Via U.S. Mail and email) 
John G. Bianco, Esq. 
Tripp Scott 
110 S.E. Sixth Street, 15th FL 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Alison W. Lehr, Esq. 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
N.E. 4th Street, 7th FL 
Miami, FL 33132 
(Via CM/ECF) 
(Via CM/ECF) 
Jeffrey S. Sonn, Esq. 
Sonn & Erez, PLC 
Broward Financial Center 
500 E. Broward Blvd., # 1600 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33394 
(Via CM/ECF) 
Honorable Jeffrey H. Sloman 
Acting U.S. Attorney 
N.E. 41h Street 
Miami, FL 333132 
(Via U.S. Mail) 
Internal Revenue Service 
Centralized Insolvency Operations 
POB 21126 
Philadelphia, PA 19114 
(Via U.S. Mail 
Daniel Mink 
Ovadia Levy 
do Renato Watches, Inc. 
14051 N.W. 14 Street 
Sunrise, FL 33323 
(Via U.S. Mail) 
EFTA00727975
--- PAGE 6 ---
USI 
Ann: Anthony Gruppo 
200 West Cypress Creek Road, # 500 
Case No. 09-34791-BKC-RBR 
The Honorable Eric H. Holder, Jr. 
Attorney General of the U.S. 
950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Room 4400 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33309 
Washington, DC 20530-0001 
(Via U.S. Mail) 
(Via email) 
Marc Nurik, Esq. 
United Healthcare 
I East Broward Blvd., # 700 
Department CH 10151 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Palatine, IL 60055 
(Via U.S. Mail) 
(Via email) 
Special Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Bast Amron LLP 
IRS District Counsel 
SunTrust International Center 
1000 S. Pine Island Road, # 340 
One S.E. Third Avenue, # 1440 
Plantation, FL 33324-3906 
(Via U.S. Mail) 
Miami, FL 33131 
(Via CM/ECF) 
Leon County Tax Collector 
315 S. Calhoun Street, # 210 
Frank F. McGinn, Esq. 
Tallahassee, FL 32301 
(Via U.S. Mail) 
Barlett Hackett Feinberg, P.C. 
155 Federal Street, 0 FL 
Miami-Dade County Tax Collector 
Boston, MA 02110 
(Via CM/ECF) 
140 W. Flagler Street, 14th Floor 
Miami, FL 33130 
(Via U.S. Mail) 
Darol H.M. Carr, Esq. 
Nesbit Street 
Palm Beach County Tax Collector 
Punta Gorda, FL 33950 
(Via CM/ECF) 
P.O. Box 3715 
West Palm Beach, FL 33402-3715 (Via U.S. Mail) 
Jane A. Bee, Esq. 
Blank Rome LLP 
Carpenter & Berger, PL 
130 North ISth Street 
6400 N. Andrew Avenue, # 370 
Philadelphia, PA 19103-6998 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33309 
(Via U.S. Mail) 
(Via email) 
Mark S. Haltzman, Esq. 
Roderick F. Coleman, Esq. 
Lamm Rubenstone, LLC 
400 S. Dixie Highway, # 121 
3600 Horizon Blvd., # 200 
Boca Raton, FL 33432 
(Via CM/ECF) 
Trevose, PA 19053 
(Via email and 
Robert C. Buschel, Esq. 
U.S. Mail) 
100 S.E. Third Avenue, # 1300 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33394 
(Via email and U.S. Mail) 
EFTA00727976

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727977.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ LLC 
MAGUIRE GROUP, INC. 
L 
Old Billing Format 
New Billing Format 
Office 
Master 
Indoor 
Utility 
Locker 
Office 
Mechanical 
Building 
Library 
CZM 
Mechanical Environmental 
Building 
Baseline 
LSJ 
Master Bedroom & 
Kitchen 
Description 
Pavilion 
Planning 
Pool 
Upgrade 
Room 
Pavilion 
Layout 
Drawings 
Drawings, 
Study 
Utilities 
As Builts 
Totals 
Period Ending May 5. 2006 
15.879.00 
11,699.00 
27,578.00 
Includes retainer of lek in each category) 
Period Ending May 5. 2006 
32.751.09 
17,248.91 
50,000.00 
Period Ending May 26. 2006 
41.016.20 
38,641.98 
(retainer deacoon 0110k In office pavilion a 5k credit in once pavilion) 
79,658.18 
Period Ending Dec 20. 2006 
42.501.42 
24,692.69 
78.954.56 
6,170.00 
9.842.00 
(femme. deaction 0110k in office pavilion a 10k credit in office pavilion a 5.881.47 discount applied to pool) 
162,160.67 
Period Ending March 31. 2007 
36.176.75 
17,595.46 
6.931.91 2,735.00 
17.459.00 
7.190.00 
88,088.12 
Period Ending April 27. 2007 
(mechanical bldg previous billing o12.110 was not paid) 
56.274.86 
9.354.29 
11.700.00 
77,329.15 
Period Ending May 25. 2007 
59.983.08 
8.188.12 
14.242.09 
82,413.29 
Period Ending June 29. 2007 
66.213.80 
12.414.00 
2.421.63 
81,049.43 
Period Ending July 27. 2007 
35.340.00 
30.319.00 
8,496.00 
74,155.00 
Period Ending August 30.2007 
14.245.78 
9.164.00 
34.947.73 
8.566.00 
7756.00 
74,679.51 
Period Ending September 28. 2007 
44.899.99 
41.870.98 
6.332.00 
15.640.00 
108,742.97 
Period Ending October 31, 2007 
37.042.08 
6.710.00 
33.004.21 
1.454.00 
10.377.02 
88,587.31 
(6.216.00) over fixed contract price so we do not pay 
Period Ending November 30. 2007 
27.809.40 
11.181.87 
40.750.21 
2.092.00 
7.356.00 
82,973.48 
Period Ending December 31. 2007 
17.514.70 
81.296.96 
(17.514.70) 
Period Ending January 25, 2008 
17.375.60 
68.900.10 
1.952.00 
Period Ending February 29, 2008 
12.444.00 
4.936.00 
24.818.89 
454.00 
1.464.00 
(12.444.00) 
Period Ending March 31. 2008 
5.368.00 
Period Ending April 28. 2008 
1.218.72 
2.440.00 
Period Ending May 30. 2008 
11.084.00 
10.858.00 
(11.084.00) 
3.448.27 
14757.34 
239,287.88 
Period May 31.2008 W October 24. 2008 
2.808.58 
26.733.80 
14.041.79 
12.265.00 
55,849.17 
Totals Paid 
168.324.46 
109,878.04 85.886.47 
8,905.00 
27.301.00 
366,415.44 
60.275.41 
88.308.11 
362.884 21 
18.898.00 
63.211 02 
12.265.00 
1.372 552.16 
Project Numbers 
17913 
17914 
18134 
18135 
18193 
18321 
18322 
18328 
18418 
18437 
18441 
Na 
a 
a 
h 
Totals billed by Area 
Office Pavilion 
534.740 a 
Master Planning 
109.878 b 
Total paid old format 
400.295 
Mechanical Building 
423.160 c 
LADrary 
88.308 d 
Total paid new format 
972.257 j 
Indoor Pool 
85.886 e 
Utility Upgrade 
72.116 
Locker Room 
27.301 g 
Master Bdrm & Kitchen / Env 
31.163 h 
Total billed by Maguire 
1,372.552 e 
EFTA00727977

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727978.pdf
----------------------------------------
rebuttals. This accomplished his confided 
purpose of 
simply embarassing Mr Epstein while clearly 
and 
purposfully denying 
the public access to all the exculpatory 
evidence. This was done even 
after being specifically put on notice, that it 
would cause irreparable harm to the 
reputation of 
mere bystanders. His girlfriend 
which 
many of you know, is neither from 
yugoslavia,nor a sex slave. I'm sure that 
doesn't come as a shock. AS an example of the 
"unusual behavior of the police, The Chief was 
so determined that his beliefs and personal 
view not even to be called into question ,he 
categorically refused to attend a scheduled 
meeting convened by the state 
prosecutor,(again I never have seen this type 
of behavior) for the sole and stated purpose 
of reviewing the exculpatory evidence. 
The grand jury and the prosecutor have no 
choice and in contrast, are 
required by law to carefully consider both 
sides. The 
prosecutor as legal and ethical " gatekeeper", 
EFTA00727978
--- PAGE 2 ---
and the 
grand jury fufilling its historical judicial role 
by 
acting as a check to overzealous law 
enforcement. 
To the Chiefs obvious dismay ,each, and in 
their own 
seperate capacity considered the totality 
of the evidence and eventually 
decided on only a single charge of solicitation. 
They obviously had 
recognized the signifigance of the fact that Mr 
Epstein passed an extensive lie detector test , 
given 
by one the 
states most reknowned and toughest 
practioners, often used by this states attorney 
office in similar cases. 
The prosecutor and jury members (21 
citizens) 
reviewed the 
police reports,that many of you have read but 
were also given access to the the other side. 
Until today, none of you have had that 
opportunity. The "reports" 
essentially comprised a detectives'carefully 
constructed narrative, editing both questions 
EFTA00727979
--- PAGE 3 ---
and answers,and amplifying various and in 
certain instances clearly outrageous 
allegations . Moreover „ the prosecutor and 
grand jurgot to examine third party highly 
relevant documentary evidence , 
including pertinent federal criminal 
records,prior misrepresentations of age,and 
other clearly dated evidence showing proof of 
actual versus fabricated age ,law enforcecment 
reports,and both taped confessions and e-
mails . That information does not sell 
newspapers, it seems. 
Some illustrative examples of what was 
withhled from the publice release 
1.Under other circumstances this would be 
funny but.: 
The missing piece of the broken 
"device",salaciously 
described in the report as a "sex toy", found 
during 
the search of 
garbage and then 
officially 
referred to in the report (pg 26) as "commonly 
used for 
vaginal or anal stimulation" was the only 
single 
EFTA00727980
--- PAGE 4 ---
corrobarative item found during a thorough, 
warrant 
directed, search of his house .This purported 
"device" 
turned out to be nothing more than an 
ordinary salad 
spoon. Remember this if your asked to dinner 
at the home of the police chief. What I found 
turly distateful however was the fact that the 
police improperly chose ,not to amend their 
report or release that salient fact. 
.The same video cameras they 
referred to in their report, were actually set 
up 
with the help of their own SWAT team in order 
to 
apprehend an armed burglar they deemed 
potentially 
dangerous. The burglar was eventually caught, 
. As 
the videos produced were of poor quality 
,JEffrey, in 
recognition of the professional work done 
donated $36,000., to enable, the police 
department 
to purchase for their sole and future use, 
advanced 
EFTA00727981
--- PAGE 5 ---
digital video enhancement equiptment . 
They did so. They also decidely fail to disclose 
in 
the report that one of the main witnesses they 
had selected to 
interview and call a witness, was in in fact the 
apprehended burglar.,His houseman of eleven 
years.. Jeffrey had put his kids through school , 
and as you are aware of his generous nature, 
provided a standard of living for this man , that 
most people would envy. . 3.They more 
importantly fail 
to disclose the fact that the woman fabricating 
virtually 
all the serious allegations, when 
required to repeat those same fabrications 
under oath 
,and threat of perjury ,refused to do so. 
4. In addition they withheld from the 
release , and in fact the prosecutors 
themselves , 
I told them myself , does this make sense. for 
the first time that 
this very same witness, had both been 
recently 
arrested in palm beach , only blocks from the 
police 
EFTA00727982
--- PAGE 6 ---
station ,for drug possession and only 
shortly therafter terminated by her employer 
for 
theft. Her taped confession, and her employers 
statement that she was virtually incapable of 
telling 
the truth, coupled with her documented 
written boast 
that she and 
her group of friends would become really 
,really rich, 
were facts carefully considered by the 
prosecutor and 
grand jury in their decision to only charge one 
count 
of solicitation but apparently decidedly 
ignored by 
the police chief. 
EFFREY EPSTEIN 
told him to fuck off. 
Fbi stuck supoena , she called asking for help. 
EFTA00727983
--- PAGE 7 ---
nevern interviewed„ how did she 
appear on list. 
Contact with 
Did he give AleM, personal hone , email. 
Relationship„ undercover , 
randjury. , 
rosttutes. Drugs, 
surveillance, nothng done for 6 motnhs.. 
Prepare for possible indictment defense. 
EFTA00727984

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727985.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 28, 2009 
Jeffrey Sloman 
United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
N.E. zith Street 
Miami, Florida 33132 
RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Jeff, 
Once again I need to send you a note about Jeffrey Epstein, mainly to keep you 
in the loop so we don't inadvertently violate any provision of his agreement with 
your office. As I am sure you are aware, Mr. Epstein has finished the 
incarceration portion of his sentence and is now serving the one year of 
community control as mandated by both his state plea and the terms of the non-
prosecution agreement with the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern 
District of Florida. 
Mr. Epstein is in full compliance with all terms of his community control and has 
now requested transfer of his supervision from the State of Florida to his state of 
residence, the Virgin Islands. This transfer is accomplished through the 
Intrastate Compact for Transfer of Adult Supervision (ICAOS). The ICAOS is the 
mechanism for which transfers of probation and community control are 
effectuated. The State of Florida has pre- approved the transfer, and the Virgin 
Islands has agreed to accept the transfer and responsibility to maintain the same 
exact conditions of supervision as were imposed in Mr. Epstein's community 
control sentence in the State of Florida. 
. We believe, as Mr. Epstein's lawyers, that his request to administratively 
transfer his community control is in full compliance with both his state plea 
agreement and the non-prosecution agreement with the United States Attorney's 
Office. Nonetheless we have taken to heart your previous suggestion of erring on 
the side of caution and though you have maintained that your office would not 
interfere with a normal state process, we are advising you of this pending 
transfer. If you have any concern, please notify me as soon as possible so that I 
may set an appointment to discuss this issue with you at your earliest 
convenience. 
Very truly yours, 
Roy Black 
EFTA00727985

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727986.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Ms. Swan: 
My client, Jeffrey Epstein, is and has been a full-time resident of the Virgin 
Islands for over 10 years. His business, Financial Trust Company, Inc., located at Red 
Hook Quarter, has been an outstanding and active member of the Virgin Islands 
community. Through his business and his residence on Little St. James, Mr. Epstein has 
employed, on average, over 60 people per year. On June 30, 2008, Mr. Epstein agreed to 
plead guilty in a Florida state court to two non-violent felony counts relating to 
prostitution. He received an 18-month Palm Beach County sentence to be followed by 
one year of supervision. As per the residence requirement of the Interstate Compact, Mr. 
Epstein has resided in the Virgin Islands the entire year before his sentence. As both his 
legal residence and place of employment are the Virgin Islands, I write to request your 
assistance in the expedited transfer of Mr. Epstein's supervision from the State of Florida 
to the Virgin Islands. 
In connection with his plea, Mr. Epstein also agreed to one year of enhanced 
probation, i.e., "community control", following his incarceration. As you are probably 
aware, under the unique law of the State of Florida, a "community control" sentence is an 
enhanced form of probation, where the offender in addition to his normal weekday 
supervision he may also be subject to supervision on weekends and holidays. As an 
additional condition to ordinary probation, Mr. Epstein is also required to meet with his 
probation officer at least once a week, as opposed to once a month, and has agreed to be 
subject to a list of additional restrictions. Please see the attached for the list of additional 
restrictions. As you will note, Mr. Epstein is required, at least under Florida law, to 
register as a sex offender. His state charge was a non-violent sex offense, i.e. procuring a 
minor for prostitution. We recognize that Virgin Islands law would govern as to Mr. 
Epstein's registration requirements. 
As the Interstate Compact Administrator, we request that you in principle 
approve Mr. Epstein's transfer of supervision. We have been in contact with Mr. Lane, 
the Interstate Compact coordinator for the State of Florida, who has suggested that the 
most appropriate way to move this process forward would be for us to first receive an 
acknowlegment from your office, that the Virgin Islands would accept a transfer with 
enhanced restrictions, assuming everything else was standard. He would then forward on 
to you the standard application to begin the transfer process. Mr. Lane also 
acknowledged that there is precedent for such a transfer. and has suggested this 
procedure to most easily effectuate the transfer. We can provide you with a filled out 
sample of the transfer documents if you would find it helpful. 
As previously mentioned, the Virgin Islands is Mr. Epstein's home. Since Mr. 
Epstein set down his roots here over 10 years ago, he has generously donated his time 
and financial resources for local scholarships, educational and social programs and other 
worthy philanthropic endeavors. Mr. Epstein and his business, Financial Trust Company, 
Inc., currently employ more than 50 people in the Virgin Islands. The company strongly 
encourages employees to participate in professional and personal development programs 
EFTA00727986
--- PAGE 2 ---
at the company's expense and provides tuition assistance to foster the educational 
development of the family members of its employees. Mr. Epstein, himself, frequently 
provides aid and support to his employees in times of financial emergency or personal 
crisis. Substantial pressing demands of Mr. Epstein's Virgin Islands based business and 
the continued financial wellbeing of its employees, as well as Mr. Epstein's other 
employees, make it imperative that Mr. Epstein resume work on St. Thomas as soon as 
possible. 
Mr. Epstein's supervision is to begin on July 22, 2009. We hope to initiate the 
transfer process as soon as possible in order to ensure that there is sufficient time for the 
transfer to take place in the ordinary course. Accordingly, we respectfully request your 
assistance with a confirmatory letter at your earliest convenience. 
Thank you for your attention. 
Respectfully, 
Maria Tankenson Hodge 
EFTA00727987

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727988.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Jeff 
We have taken to heart your suggestion of erring on the side of caution. As I have 
previously stated, Mr. Epstein is committed to honoring each and every one of his 
obligations under the Non-Prosecution Agreement (the "NPA"). As you are aware, 
Mr. Epstein is currently serving the community control portion of his sentence .We 
have requested the transfer of the supervision from the State of Florida to the state 
of his residence i.e. the Virgin Islands. I write you prior to his final acceptance of 
the approved transfer in order to confirm that you would not consider this action 
as a violation of our agreement. 
All transfers of supervision are administered under the Interstate Compact 
for Transfer of Adult Supervision ("ICAOS"). The ICAOS , as you may already be 
aware, is an agreement, to which all fifty states, Puerto Rico, and the United States 
Virgin Islands are signatories and by which they are all legally bound. It carries with 
it the weight of federal law. In fact, any state law that may conflict with the ICAOS 
is actually superseded by it With regard the transfer of supervision, the position of 
the ICAOS is clear, that is , if an offender requests, and the state which imposed the 
sentence (the "Sending State", in this case Florida ) agrees, to transfer the offender's 
supervision to the place of his primary residence, the state receiving the transfer 
request (the "Receiving State", U.S.V.I. ) is generally obligated to accept that transfer. 
The ICAOS policy dictates that the Receiving State is barred in most circumstances 
from rejecting the transfer request.. 
In those cases where the offender is 
subject to enhanced restrictions, the offender still may apply for transfer, however, 
because of the additional manpower burden and the considerable expense 
associated with the enhanced restrictions,( in Mr Epsteins case, community control ) 
the Receiving State had the right to deny the transfer request 
Mr. Epstein has made a request to the State of Florida in order to transfer 
the supervision of his community control sentence to the Virgin Islands, where he 
maintains his primary residence. The State of Florida has approved the transfer and 
the Virgin Islands has agreed to accept the transfer and to maintain the same exact 
enhanced conditions of supervision as were imposed by Mr. Epstein's community 
control sentence in the State of Florida. However, be assured that Mr. Epstein will 
not effectuate the transfer until and unless he is confident that you would not 
somehow interpret his transfer as a breach of the NPA. 
His transfer has been effectuated in the ordinary course of sentencing. Even 
the federal government's general policy is that inmates whose primary residence is 
different from the state of incarceration , should be allowed and would be better off 
if they could serve their supervision close to their home. Bop allows for and 
encourages those that have been federally sentenced to be able to serve their prison 
sentences in their home state. 
Although the federal government is the counter party to the NPA , the NPA 
clearly contains no provision requiring that Mr. Epstein's community control 
sentence be served in the State of Florida. Moreover, we believe that the issue of the 
EFTA00727988
--- PAGE 2 ---
in which state Mr. Epstein serves his community control sentence could not raise 
any federal concern, and that the transfer of Mr. Epstein's supervision is a purely a 
state probation decision regarding the implementation of Mr. Epstein's sentence in 
which the federal government agreed it would not intervene. Once again, however, 
out of an abundance of caution, we are confirming the fact that your office will not 
take a position on this matter.. 
For all of these reasons, we can find no federal interest ,as to where Mr. 
Epstein he serves his supervision, but would respectfully request your response. 
EFTA00727989

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727990.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Marie, 
Enclosed please find a link to the Interstate Compact for the Transfer of Offender 
Supervision. The Interstate Compact is an agreement signed by all states and the 
Virgin Islands. It carries with it the weight of federal law, and in the rare instances 
where it may conflict with state law, specifically supersedes it. In general it requires 
the receiving state, to accept the financial and supervisory burden of offenders 
whose transfer has been requested. In the vast majority of cases, (especially those of 
a transfer to the offenders state of primary residence) the acceptance in mandatory. 
This applies as well to sex offenders, but in these instances the offender must wait in 
the sending state until reporting instructions actually arrive. (Pg 25). In addition if 
there are enhanced restrictions, the receiving state, due to the extra financial 
burden normally associated with such cases has the right, after it conducts its own 
investigation to deny the transfer. In Mr. Epstein's case, an investigation was done 
and the Virgin Islands has agreed to accept his transfer along with all the enhanced 
Florida restrictions (community control provisions). This is not unprecedented. 
As his attorneys, we can see no possible prohibition of a state transfer of 
supervision in the non-prosecution agreement, and would suggest that the federal 
government would have little involvement or interest in which state Mr. Epstein 
completed his Florida state sentence. So that we may proceed accordingly, I would 
appreciate your acknowledgement that this is the case. We, along with Mr. Epstein, 
are committed to abide by the terms of our agreement, and with this letter and Roy's 
note to Jeffrey Sloman , are exercising the caution you suggested and taking these 
extra steps to avoid any potential conflict with your office. 
EFTA00727990

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727991.pdf
----------------------------------------
VIA EMAIL 
and First Class Mail 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
email: 
March 24, 2010 
Jay Goldberg, Esq. 
250 Park Avenue 
Suite 2020 
New York, New York 10177 
Re: 
Agreement for Design Services dated May 15, 2009 
by and among Juan Pablo Molyneux, J.P. 
Molyneux Studio, Ltd., L.S.J., LLC and Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Jay: 
Fanceli has left the Island for a third time without finishing the cabinetry for 
the Library. This time, at the eleventh hour, they claim that the humidity levels in 
the library are too high to properly apply a varnish finish to the cabinets. As I 
understand it, this will delay the project yet again for at least another two months. 
The cabinetry has been installed in the Library since September of last year. 
Mr. Molyneux's "expert" millworkers and finishers have been on site two times since 
then and never once mentioned any problems with the humidity levels or the 
necessity for the humidity to be at a particular level in order to properly finish the 
cabinets. Although we have been discussing finishing the cabinetry on site since 
before we reached our settlement almost 11 months ago, neither Fanceli nor Mr. 
Molyneux has ever specified any conditions required at the Library for that on-site 
work. Indeed, Mr. Molyneux, himself, has been on site and never expressed any 
concern about the existing conditions. Only now, when we are pressed up against a 
deadline that Mr. Epstein has already extended two times, are we informed that 
there is a problem. 
As I have explained several times, over two years ago, Mr. Epstein 
complained that the cabinetry was made from the wrong wood, was of the wrong 
color and was not as originally rendered by Mr. Molyneux. As Mr. Molyneux well 
knows, this cabinetry is the centerpiece of this multimillion dollar project and, as 
such, Mr. Epstein made it very clear that it needed to be exactly as Mr. Molyneux 
EFTA00727991
--- PAGE 2 ---
rendered it to Mr. Epstein when he approved it. Mr. Molyneux assured Mr. Epstein 
that he would be completely satisfied with the finished product. Time and time 
again, Mr. Epstein requested that the cabinetry be finished in Europe and 
photographs of the finished pieces be sent to him for approval, so that Mr. Epstein 
could make sure it would be as Mr. Molyneux promised, before the cabinetry was 
ever sent to the Island. Mr. Molyneux refused to address this problem then or even 
when we reached our settlement, insisting that this cabinetry, made from the wrong 
materials, first be installed on the Island and then be finished on site. 
As I understand it, Fanceli now claims that a varnish finish will not be able to 
cure properly under the existing conditions at the Library. However, Mr. Epstein 
has never insisted on a varnish finish. In fact, both of the purchase orders for the 
cabinetry, the original one requiring dark walnut and the one that was changed in 
the settlement agreement to reflect the fact that the cabinetry was built of the wrong 
wood, indicated that the finish would be a wax finish. 
Moreover, in Mr. Epstein's numerous discussions with Mr. Molyneux since 
entering into the settlement agreement, Mr. Epstein has repeatedly asked Mr. 
Molyneux to provide completed millwork samples of darker colors with varnish, 
wax and urethane finishes in order to evaluate the finish that is most suitable for the 
Library. When Mr. Molyneux met with Mr. Epstein on the Island over two months 
ago, Mr. Molyneux presented Mr. Epstein with only one sample, which Mr. Epstein 
flatly rejected as inadequate for his multimillion dollar Library. Mr. Epstein then 
asked Mr. Molyneux to provide Mr. Epstein with six completed millwork samples of 
different colors and finishes, so that Mr. Epstein could work with Mr. Molyneux to 
produce a result consistent with Mr. Molyneux's original rendering. After waiting 
more than a month for these samples, three weeks ago, Mr. Epstein received a single 
small sample board with five narrow stripes of virtually indistinguishable colors 
with the same exact finish. I sent you a photograph to show you how absurdly 
inadequate that sample board was. When they came to the Island this time, 
Fanceli's finishers brought no materials with which to create different finishes to 
present to Mr. Epstein. In fact, these representatives, represented by Mr. Molyneux 
to be the finest craftsmen, intended to provide Mr. Epstein with additional finish 
samples created with garden-variety varnish they were to purchase at the local 
Home Depot. 
Jay, this is outrageous. 
Sincerely, 
/s/ Darren K. Indyke 
Darren K Indyke 
EFTA00727992

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727993.pdf
----------------------------------------
Marks letter is filled with inaccuracies, misrepresentations,and a misunderstanding 
of the work release requirements policies and procedures. It is a confused document 
that contains an additional attempt to influence the sheriffs office.. Please note , that 
unlike the first email and meeting this letter is address to captain Sleeth, after being 
turned down by the colonel that she met with theist time, she simpluy went below 
him .. 
To illustrate how far she will go to sow confusion, she points to the fact that the 
person who filled in the application for the florida science foundation , thought she 
is well aaware the Rich Icahn is my controller, suggests, that another man of the 
same name that she probably found in a lawyers guide, is somehow involved in this 
filing is ludicrous. She simply puts that a mr kahn is a prtner of Sullivan and 
Cromwell, a large new york firm to which I have no connection whatsoever she 
writes that mr kahn gave jack goldbergers address on the form.. the director fo the 
foundation MR mr Kahn filled out the forms, and used jacks phone number as we 
didn't yet have a local phone. She stresses he sugned under threat of perjury.. 
She goes on to say that I only worked an hour a week in the past, as an intimation 
that somehow, before when I had a large business, I should devote the same time or 
receive the same compensation is insane. I used to travel around the world , had 
24/7 telephone access, and many business interests. To now suggest that somehow 
that shouldn't change is indicative of her random attacks. She then suggests that 
judge Pucillo, who is a retired judge was sitting in for the Mc Sorleys absence.. She 
fails to metion that she marie was in the courtroom during the plea.. There was no 
objections at a "hearing" as there was an agreed plea. To suggest otherwise serves 
only to confuse. The sheriffs office, reviewed this thoroughly. 
Though she concedes its in the sheriffs discretion, and then says the girls might 
want to be included in an exclusionary zone, she makes the argument that even 
though she is aware that the sheriffs department took a very conservative view, ) I 
was required to stay in solitary for three months. ( with a perfect record). She 
claims that the charges to which I plead guilty should somehow disqualify me. 
First , there are many sex offender charges that are eleigible for both work release 
and house arrest. It is ONLY violent sex charges that are ineligible. They are fully 
delineated, in the requirements. 796.03 though the procuring a minor was discussed 
in detail with the work release office, it is not a prohibited charge. In addtion the 
three violations of a 796 charge is three sepreate arrests. The word violation is used 
because there is mandatory Pre Trial Intervention for the charge I plea guilty to, 
and therefore no record at the end of the sentence. The original language was two 
guilty in ten years, now three violations in 5. The fact is there was only one arrest. 
The three violations are to to halt recidivism. Otherwise any prostitute who had 
more than one johm ( the vast majority of the caes) would be ineleigible with one 
arrest 
EFTA00727993

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727994.pdf
----------------------------------------
HILLEL 
Reesman Center for 
Harvard Hillel 
Rosovsky Hall 
Mount Auburn 5:root 
Cambridge. MA 0213E 
TI' 617.495.4695 
Par 617.864 1637 
www/WWWI.bavard ate 
May 10, 2010 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
301 East 66th Street 
Suite 10B 
New York, NY 10065 
Dear Jeffrey: 
Thank you for your support of Harvard Hillel and the Harvard Jewish community during 
this important moment in history. As you know, we find ourselves managing through a 
short-term financial challenge and simultaneously pursuing a long-term opportunity - one 
with the potential to meaningfully impact student life at Harvard and the worldwide Jewish 
community. 
In the short-term, Harvard Hillel faces financial pressure due to the global economic crisis 
that has challenged many non-profits combined with the added complexity that our 
fundraising efforts underperformed over the past two years when our Director of 
Development became seriously ill. We now have a new Director of Development and, with 
your help and that of other friends, are in the process of stabilizing the current operating 
budget 
As we navigate the "here and now" and look to the future, we are enormously encouraged 
by the opportunity that exists for Harvard Hillel to increase the role it plays for Jewish 
students across the University; to deepen its ties with the Harvard faculty at the College 
and Graduate Schools; to build bridges among Jewish and non-Jewish students at Harvard; 
and to collaborate with other Universities and Jewish organizations around the world. I 
very much appreciate your offer to share this letter and the attached information with 
those who you think may have an interest in learning more about our efforts. 
Harvard Hillel Today 
Harvard Hillel is an independent, non-profit organization housed in a 21,000 sq. ft. building 
designed by famed Israeli architect Moshe Safdie. This landmark building is located in the 
heart of Harvard Square and is named for Henry Rosovsky, the first Jewish Dean of 
Harvard's Faculty of Arts & Sciences and a legend in Harvard history. 
• 
Harvard Hillel enjoys unique status at Harvard. Harvard Hillel's "affiliated 
structure" with the University - a recognized part of the community but not a 
wholly owned subsidiary - provides Harvard Hillel with tremendous flexibility to 
experiment, work across the historic boundaries among its schools, collaborate with 
EFTA00727994
--- PAGE 2 ---
members of all of Harvard's faculties, and seize the benefits of being a part of the 
University community while navigating Harvard's size and complexity successfully. 
This positive structure, of course comes at a cost - which is that Harvard Hillel 
receives absolutely no financial support from the University itself. We are entirely 
dependent upon the generosity of individual donors to fund our existence and 
operation. 
• 
Harvard Hillel is the largest student organization at Harvard, serving thousands of 
students annually. Unlike the often preconceived notion of a "Hillel" as welcoming only 
to the very observant, Harvard Hillel is equally utilized by Jews who are discovering their 
tradition for the first time, those who are deeply observant — and those who fall anywhere 
in between. Importantly, we also educate large numbers of non-Jews, about the history 
and meaning of Judaism. 
• 
Harvard Hillel plays an integral role in student life at the College and the 
University, both for individuals and the Institution itself. Our activities range from a 
course on "Faith in a Fragmented World" taught earlier this year in conjunction with the 
Kennedy School to a candle light vigil we initiated between Jews and Muslims (instead 
of the virulent protest planned) in the heart of Harvard Square related to the conflict in 
the Middle East. Increasingly, others are emulating our model of Jewish education, 
outreach, and bridge building among Jews and between Jews and non-Jews. 
• 
Harvard Hillel is increasingly collaborating with faculty members across the 
University. Over a dozen senior scholars from across Harvard are deeply engaged in 
our current work and our plans for the future, as outlined below. Among others, our 
faculty advisors include Noah Feldman and Robert Mnookin from Harvard Law 
School; Marshall Ganz and Robert Putnam from Harvard Kennedy School; Stephen 
Greenblatt, Elisa New, Steven Pinker, Michael Sandel, and Christopher Winship from 
the Faculty of Arts & Sciences; and Jan Rivkin and Roy Shapiro from Harvard 
Business School. It goes without saying that Henry Rosovsky is also a member of 
this group and that we continue to benefit from his wisdom. 
The attached information provides a concise overview of Harvard Hillel's current and 
historic activity. 
The Vision for The Future 
Seventeen years after moving into Rosovsky Hall in the center of Harvard's campus, 
Harvard Hillel is beginning to position and define itself for the next decade. 
• Our intent is to change the organization's name from "Harvard Hillel" to one that 
more accurately represents our vision and role, both within the University and 
beyond. Our current thinking is that the new identity for the organization will 
become "The Center for Jewish Life & Leadership at Harvard University." A 
naming opportunity will be offered to a single donor who may wish to materially 
support this new Center. 
EFTA00727995
--- PAGE 3 ---
• The Center for Jewish Life & Leadership will continue to provide the social and 
religious programs to the University community that Harvard Hillel does today. It 
will broaden its mandate, however, to explicitly focus on providing (a) experiential 
Jewish education, which we define as providing pluralistic educational programs 
and experiences to Jews of all backgrounds and levels of observance about the 
values, contributions, and beliefs of their tradition; and (b) intensive leadership 
training to young Jews with demonstrated leadership potential - from Harvard and 
beyond - through non-degree "executive education" courses on the Harvard 
campus in the summer and during the winter break 
• Faculty members from across Harvard will play an increasing role in developing 
ideas and teaching courses related to Judaism and Jewish values. These faculty 
members, many of whom have a long-standing relationship with Harvard Hillel, will 
become the heart of the Center for Jewish Life & Leadership. Over time, the Center 
for Jewish Life & Leadership will encompass a robust Institute for Jewish 
Leadership and serve as an incubator to facilitate and support social action ideas. 
Over the past year, we have held in-depth consultations with students, members of the 
Harvard Faculty, and leaders from the public, private, and non-profit sectors within and 
outside the Jewish community. The consensus from these discussions is that we have an 
extraordinary opportunity to build upon the success of Harvard Hillel - and to transform it 
into a worldwide resource for the Jewish future, one that inspires and serves individuals 
and communities of all backgrounds associated with our 4,000 year-old tradition. 
The funding aspiration to secure the financial foundation of Harvard Hillel and enable the 
pursuit of this ambition is $25 million. We are in the early stages of identifying friends and 
investors with the vision to help shape and support this important undertaking. Your 
assistance is greatly appreciated. 
Sincerely, 
li-i 2t-Li
Dr. Bernie Steinberg 
President, Harvard Hillel 
Co-Founder, Center for Jewish Life & Leadership 
Professor, Kennedy School of Government 
Copy: 
Dr. Henry Rosovsky 
Eric Sinoway 
EFTA00727996

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727997.pdf
----------------------------------------
McIntosh, Sawran, Peitz & Cartaya, P.A. 
1776 East Sunrise Boulevard 
Post Office Box 7990 
Fort Lauinia8-7990 
Fax: 954.765-1005 
Tax Identification No.: 65-01O4621 
August 10, 2009 
"PERSONAL & CONFIDENTIAL" 
Jack Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
Trust Account 
One Clearwater Centre 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm BeachFL 
33401 
STATEMENT OF ACCOUNT 
0366 
00001 
DMM 
Doe, Jane v. Jeffrey Epstein, 
and 
***SPECIAL MAILING SEE REMARKS/BUN: 
CR1TTON*** 
Our records indicate that the following bills are outstanding: 
BILL NUMBER 
DATE 
OFUG AMOUNT 
BALANCE DUE 
45694 
02/17/2009 
51,990.65 
$139.37 
46130 
03/20/2009 
$5,402.97 
$5,402.97 
46377 
04/22/2009 
$1,563.64 
$1,563.64 
46512 
05/18/2009 
$1,335.72 
$1,335.72 
47174 
07/20/2009 
$1,666.24 
$1,666.24 
TOTAL AMOUNT OUTSTANDING 
$10,107.94 
. . 
Please note this statement includesaH outstanding invoices to daterincludin both current and past due. 
Please direct all inquiries to the Accounting Dept. at 
Thank you. 
EFTA00727997

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00727998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00727998.pdf
----------------------------------------
McIntosh, Sawran, Peltz & Cartaya, P.A. 
1776 East Sunrise Boulevard 
Post Office Box 7990 
Fon Lauderdale. Florida 33338-7990 
Tax Identification No.: 65-0104621 
January 25, 2010 
lir
rit, 
& CONFIDENTIAL" 
12247 72nd Court North 
West Palm Beach, FL 33412 
0366 
00001 
DMM 
Doe, Jane v. Jeffrey Epstein, 
BILLING SUMMARY 
and El 
Bill Number 48874 
Billed through 12/31/2009 
TOTAL FEES 
0.60 hrs 
$160.00 
TOTAL DISBURSEMENTS 
$1,200.56 
-------
TOTAL CHARGES FOR THIS BILL 
$1,360.56 
NET BALANCE FORWARD 
$12,912.68 
TOTAL BALANCE NOW DUE 
$14,273.24 
EFTA00727998
--- PAGE 2 ---
McIntosh, Sawran, Peltz & Cartaya, P.A. 
Post Office Box 7990 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33338-7990 
Tax Identification No.: 65-0104621 
January 25, 2010 
"PERSONAL & CONFIDENTIAL" 
12247 72nd Court North 
West Palm Beach, FL 33412 
0366 
00001 
DMM 
Doe, Jane v. Jeffrey Epstein, 
Balance forward 
Payments received since last bill 
Net balance forward 
and 
FOR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES RENDERED 
12/01/09 
CEB 
Analysis of deposition transcript Volume 1 of 
0.20 hrs 
12/01/09 
CEB 
Analysis of deposition transcript Volume 2 of 
0.20 hrs 
12/02/09 
DMM 
Review and prelimi 
' 
transcript of videotaped deposition 
of 
(volumes 1 and 2), 
taken on November 10, 2009 
0.20 his
Bill Number 48874 
Billed through 12/31/2009 
$12,912.68 
$0.00 CR 
$12,912.68 
Total fees for this matter 
$160.00 
DISBURSEMENTS 
12/02/09 
Prints at 0.30 
0.30 
12/11/09 
West Payment Center; Invoice # 819600918; Westlaw Research Charges for 
125.86 
November 2009 
12/21/09 
Prose Court Reporting A et •qe Inc.. Invoice # ST779; Court Reporter Charges for 
1,074.40 
Deposition Transcript of = 
on 11/10/09 
Total disbursements for this matter 
BILLING SUMMARY 
$1,200.56 
TIMEKEEPER RECAP 
Blanton, Camille E 
Senior Associate 
0.40 hrs 
250.00 
S100.00 
McIntosh, Douglas M. 
Partner 
0.20 hrs 
300.00 
$60.00 
DISBURSEMENT RECAP 
Photocopies 
$0.30 
EFTA00727999
--- PAGE 3 ---
Doe, Jane .. Jeffrey Epstein, 
Westlaw Research Charges 
Court Reporter Charges 
Bill No. 
48874 
Page 
$125.86 
$1,074.40 
TOTAL FEES 
0.60 hrs 
$160.00 
TOTAL DISBURSEMENTS 
$1,200.56 
TOTAL CHARGES FOR THIS BILL 
$1,360.56 
NET BALANCE FORWARD 
$12,912.68 
TOTAL BALANCE NOW DUE 
$14,273.24 
A 1.5% monthly (18% annual) service charge will be added to any amounts not paid within 60 days 
from date of original invoice. 
EFTA00728000

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728001.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mechanical Fit Out Budget Proposal 
May 8, 2009 
Jeffrey, 
Please find attached the Mechanical Building Budget and Sketch for Equipment Fit Out and 
integrated DPNR requirements. 
This budget proposal includes the power and water infrastructure for current usage, the projects 
under construction and the projects currently in the design phases. 
Included is a proposed 30 ft concrete extension (which represents $274,000 of this Budget) of 
the Mechanical Building, which will provide a hurricane proof, air-conditioned environment 
recommended for the new RO system. With the additional plastic containers at the bottom of 
the existing building, we will have 75,000 gallons storage. This, combined with the existing 
house compound cisterns, will certainly satisfy any demand in the future. 
We have allocated space for a clean, dry, air-conditioned IT room, two generators, the electrical 
interfacing infrastructure and inventory space for the RO, the generators and the related IT 
components. 
We have also satisfied all remaining DPNR Oil & Gas requirements with this Budget. 
Arran's old repair shop will be kept intact, but this proposal will free up space in the old RO and 
generator locations, providing space for possible mechanical, paint and irrigation inventory. 
We have researched many options and recommend this as the best solution for the best price. 
We are confident we can negotiate contracts with concrete, mechanical & electric contractors, 
which are inclusive and more than likely below budget. 
This proposal will also keep us on schedule as we further investigate the steel building and hill 
stability issues. This plan does not include the retaining wall/steel building budget, which is 
pending data on the hillside. 
Work in this new budget will not effect issues involving the Steel Building Proposals and deals 
only with the functional completion of the Mechanical Building. 
EFTA00728001
--- PAGE 2 ---
The new budget proposal includes the following: 
1. New RO system, which produces 90,000 gallons per day. 
2. New 55,000-gallon cistern. 
3. Add 15,000 gallons of freestanding plastic cisterns in place of one diesel storage tank. 
4. Additional pumps to intake seawater. 
5. Two new generators. 
6. Two diesel storage tanks for the generators. 
7. Concrete containments pads for gas truck and oil drums, oil/water separator as required 
by DPNR. 
8. New air-conditioned space for the IT installation. 
COSTS 
LSJ LABOR 
$105,640.50 
LSJ MATERIAL 
$713,676.60 
SUBCONTRACTORS 
$2,162,857.20 
TOTAL 
$2,982,174.30 
Curtis 
EFTA00728002

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728003.pdf
----------------------------------------
MEMORANDUM 
TO: 
Darren Indyke 
FROM: 
Jay Goldberg 
DATE: 
July 14, 2010 
From the contact made with Mr. Fancelli by members of your side, do I understand 
that if Fancelli and his team went to the Island to complete the work that was originally 
intended to be done, on the assumption that the wood was now dry, this would end the 
controversy between the parties as to the Island matter? 
The more I go over the 
documents, it seems that if Epstein met with Fancelli and satisified himself with the fact 
that the work was being properly done, this would resolve so much of the case, and allow 
Epstein to enjoy his office/library. 
Please let me know at your earliest convenience, for if you want me to act and do 
the necessary, time is of the essence. 
EFTA00728003

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728004.pdf
----------------------------------------
MEMORANDUM 
TO: 
JEE 
FROM: 
Darren K Indyke, Esq. 
RE: 
Telephone Call with Maria Hodge, Esq. Re ACOE and CZM 
DATE: 
October 21, 2009 
Maria Hodge called to advise me about the following relating to conversations she 
had yesterday with Jose Cedeno of ACOE and J.P. Oriol of CZM: 
1. 
Maria spoke separately with each of Cedeno (ACOE) and Oriol (CZM) 
yesterday, October 20, 2009, to follow up on the October 8, 2009 ACOE letter 
withdrawing processing of the after-the-fact permit and rescinding ACOE's Notice of 
Non-Compliance. Maria told Cedeno that the letter didn't contain everything 
Cedeno had expressed to Maria in the conversation she had with Cedeno preceding 
the letter. Maria also told both Cedeno and Oriol that she thought it was appropriate 
to get clarity about how ACOE and CZM would want us to move forward. Maria said 
that she also told Cedeno and Oriol that the Client wanted to be respectful and 
compliant and also did not want to do things that ACOE or CZM thought unnecessary 
or improper. 
2. 
Cedeno clarified that to do anything, even the remediation previously 
requested in ACOE's August 12, 2009 letter, would now require a minor permit 
because the enforcement action had been dropped and the ACOE's Notice of Non-
compliance had been rescinded. Oriol also told Maria that remediation work would 
require a minor CZM permit, though Oriol said that because CZM already stated in 
Commissioner Mathes' September 10, 2009 letter that remediation work agreed to 
with the Corps would not require a further CZM permit, CZM's response to a minor 
permit request for any such remediation (excluding shoreline restoration) would be 
favorable. 
3. 
According to Maria, and contrary to her prior e-mail (which she said was 
based on her conversation with Cedeno) that we should proceed with the shoreline 
restoration, it is now Cedeno's and Oriol's view that shoreline restoration is not 
necessary and probably not a good idea. Maria said that Cedeno's view is that if we 
were to do any remediation and wanted to show our attempts to protect the 
environment and be a good citizen, remediation should focus on the remediation of 
the wetlands. Maria said that both Cedeno and Oriol noted that we had already 
done some mangrove planting and should wait and see how those mangroves fared 
before proceeding further with Mangrove plantings. Maria said that both Cedeno 
and Oriol specifically mentioned and did not like the rock configuration descending 
into the small pond (Maria referred to it as a waterfall and surmised that the rock 
formation's tendency to channel more freshwater into the pond is what Cedeno and 
Oriol find objectionable), though neither specifically told her that they wanted it 
removed. Again, neither of them pressed us to do anything at this time, but both 
said that any remediation we did (though it would require a minor permit) would 
EFTA00728004
--- PAGE 2 ---
have a positive impact on ACOE and CZM receptivity to additional permit requests. 
Maria's view then is that we should do whatever remediation (excluding shoreline 
restoration) that we do not think is a major pain to show we are good citizens, but 
Maria notes that whatever we do, we must first file minor permit applications with 
ACOE and CZM. Maria also said there is no time pressure to begin any such 
remediation, but it is something that we should consider. As a reminder, excluding 
the shoreline restoration, the ACOE's requested remediation included turtle 
remediation - turtle lighting plan, buffer zone -- and wetlands enhancement --
basically removal of two sediment deltas from big pond and planting of mangroves 
around both ponds. 
4. 
Maria raised the issue of the possible dock house permit. Maria said that 
Cedeno said that any improvements to the dock should be filed as applications to 
amend the existing ACOE and CZM permits (which is contrary to Maria's initial 
thought in Maria's October 15, 2009 email that we would have to file a new permit 
application and not an application to amend). Maria also said that if we did file an 
application to amend, NMFS and FWS would consult about the amendment 
(remember, Maria told us that ACOE said that NMFS's and FWS's refusal to consult is 
what caused ACOE to withdraw from consideration the after-the-fact permit and 
resulted in the October 8, 2009 letter from ACOE), and as part of that consultation 
might impose conditions flowing from the unpermitted aspects of the existing 
structures - i.e., the expanded portion of the dock that was permitted by CZM, but 
not by ACOE, the pilings, the r/o intake line, the barge landing, remaining rip-rap, 
etc. Again, amendment applications would have to be filed with both CZM and ACOE 
and Maria noted that Cedeno and Oriol were both clear to Maria that they were 
making no promises as to any amendment applications. 
5. 
Maria was not sure if the Dock House amendment applications would be 
major or minor, but she thought it depended on the cost of the proposed 
improvements. She mentioned above $75,000 would make it a major, but said that 
if and when we are ready to move ahead with the dock house, she would get me 
more definitive info on whether it would be minor or major modification. I recall 
that whether it is a major or minor depends on more than simple cost analysis; but I 
will clarify that with Maria. 
6. 
Please note that I did not raise the issue of the restoration of the cliff face 
below the office pavilion in my call with Maria, but Maria did. She specifically told 
me that whatever restoration is done, even if she were to conclude that it does not 
require an additional permit, given (a) the history of our having gone to CZM with 
the issue in the first place, (b) CZM having taken the trip to the Island to view the 
cliff face and having consulted with Alan Smith and deJongh about the same, (c) 
delongh and Alan Smith having advised CZM that we would send them a proposal of 
what we intend to do and get confirmation from CZM that it is ok before we do it, 
and (d) these new developments with ACOE and CZM regarding the remediation of 
the shoreline and wetlands, Maria would want to run any work we are going to do 
on the cliff face by CZM before we start that work and get CZM's confirmation that 
EFTA00728005
--- PAGE 3 ---
we could proceed. Maria's concerns that going to CZM about the cliff face without 
being able to commit to the shoreline restoration do not appear to be an issue given 
what Maria has now told us regarding ACOE's and CZM's views that we should not 
do the shoreline restoration. Moreover, Maria, Amy, deJongh are all under the 
impression that the Island is being closely watched and if machinery is brought 
down to the beach or other work is obviously being done to the cliff face, CZM will 
be notified and be asked about that work. If CZM is not told in advance, so that it is 
prepared for this, Maria is concerned that it could create problems either for the cliff 
face work or other work desired in the future. I am just relating her views to you. 
EFTA00728006

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728007.pdf
----------------------------------------
MEMORANDUM 
TO: 
Mr. Howard Germon 
Regional Sales Manager 
Sikorsk Aircraft Co oration 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Re: 
S-76C++ 
76TD6167A 
Date: October 13, 2009 
I appreciate your sending Chris Shurkus to see me in Palm Beach. He is very 
professional and has always represented Sikorsky in a favorable light. 
With that said, however, during our meeting, Chris alerted me to a number of 
issues, which require your immediate attention. First, I was quite dismayed to learn that 
the interior of my new S-76C++ is far from complete, even though Sikorsky guaranteed 
me a completion date of December 7, 2009. You will recall that the December 7, 2009 
deadline is, itself, an extended deadline, to which I reluctantly agreed only after your 
people assured me that it would be met. I expect Sikorsky to honor its obligation and 
meet this extended deadline. 
I was also shocked to hear Chris describe the armrest in my new aircraft as 
"hokey", especially when that armrest was a major failure in connection with your 
completion of my original S-76. Your own people admitted that the armrest in my 
original S-76 was poorly designed and of substandard finish, and assured me that those 
problems would not be repeated in the completion of the new S-76C++. Larry Visoski 
and I spent many hours detailing the problems with your original design and explaining 
what we require for the new aircraft. We showed you examples of simple yet elegant 
armrest solutions that are included in automobiles of standard manufacture. Even though 
Sikorsky's charges for the armrest well-exceed the entire purchase price of those very 
automobiles, the armrest is still not right. Now, two months before delivery, I am told 
that in order for you to get it right, you will have to change the armrest yet again and 
would impose additional costs on me for fixing your own failures. This is absolutely 
unacceptable. I did not agree to completion with a "hokey" armrest and expect Sikorsky 
to correct the problem without any additional charges. 
In speaking by telephone with Tom Schmidtlange during our meeting, I was also 
advised for the first time that there is no room for an led indicator to inform users of the 
passenger cabin's audio system regarding what position the audio switch is in and to what 
audio source the system is connected at any given time. Instead, Sikorsky proposes to 
EFTA00728007
--- PAGE 2 ---
provide only an information card that would inform users only that they must cycle 
through a 4-position audio switch to access the system's audio options. Unfortunately, 
even with the card, the user would not know what particular position the switch is in or to 
what source the system is connected at any given time. Moreover, if the user has not read 
the card, then figuring out the cabin audio system options would be complete guesswork. 
This blind switch is wholly inappropriate for this highly sophisticated aircraft and its high 
level of executive finish. On top of this, the pilots are now told that they cannot have 
XM/Sirius radio in the cockpit, even though a $200,000 Cessna provides this amenity 
effortlessly. 
Howard, I would appreciate your assistance in resolving these issues promptly 
and ensuring that the aircraft is ready for delivery by the December 7, 2009 deadline. 
Please contact Larry with an update after you have reviewed this matter. 
EFTA00728008

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728009.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
x 
IN RE APPLICATION TO QUASH 
SUBPOENAS TO DAILY NEWS, L.P., 
AND GEORGE RUSH 
x 
No. 10 M8-85 (LLM) 
REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW OF DAILY NEWS, L.P., AND 
DAILY NEWS JOURNALIST GEORGE RUSH IN SUPPORT OF THEIR 
MOTION TO QUASH SUBPOENAS SERVED ON THEM IN A FLORIDA 
LITIGATION OR IN THE ALTERNATIVE FOR A PROTECTIVE ORDER 
Anne B. Carroll, Esq. 
The Daily News L.P. 
450 West 33"I Street 
New York. NY 10001-2631 
Laura R. Handman. Esq. 
Davis Wright Tremaine LLP 
1633 Broadway 
New York. NY 10019 
EFTA00728009
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES 
ii 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT. 
ARGUMENT 
POINT I: 
WHETHER ANALYZED UNDER THE REPORTER'S PRIVILEGE OR THE FEDERAL R1 
RELEVANCE, MATERIALITY OR ABSENCE OF ALTERNATIVE 
SOURCES 
A. 
The Testimony and Tape Recording Would Be, At Best. Cumulative 
B. 
The Alleged Statements in the Interview Are Not Even Relevant to a 
Significant Issue in.. 
Case. Much Less Critical or Necessary 
POINT II: 
HAS FAILED TO DEMONSTRATE THAT THE 
QUALIFIED REPORTER'S PRIVILEGE WAS WAIVED 
POINT III: 
THERE IS NO NEED FOR AN EVIDENTIARY HEARING WHERE 
THERE ARE NO MATERIAL FACTS IN DISPUTE 
CONCLUSION 
ii 
EFTA00728010
--- PAGE 3 ---
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES 
CASES 
Altemosc Constr. Co. v. Building & Constr. Trades Council 
443 F. Supp. 489 (E.D. Pa. 1977) 
Apicella v. McNeil Labs. Inc. 
F.R.D. 78 (E.D.N.Y. 1975) 
Mel v. Murphy, 
F.R.D. 651 (D.R.I. 1976) 
Baxter v. Palmigiano 
425 U.S. 308 (1976) 
Bellefonte Re Ins. Co. v. Argonaut Ins. Co. 
757 F.2d 523 (2d Cir. 1985) 
Best Canvas Products & Supplies. Inc. v. Ploof Truck Lines. Inc., 
713 F.2d 618 (II th Cir. 1983) 
Brink's Inc. v. City of New York 
717 F.24 700 (2d Cir. 1983) 
Drown & Williamson Tobacco Coro. v. Wigand, 
No. 101678/96, 1996 WL 350827 (N.Y. Sup. Ct. Feb. 28, 1996) 
Bruno v. Stillman. Inc. v. Globe Newspaper Co. 
633 F.2d 583 (1st Cir. 1980) 
4, 5 
Cablevision Systems Corp. v. DePalma, 
No. CV-87-3528 (JLC), 1989 WL 8165 (E.D.N.Y. Jan. 17. 1989) 
Chick-Fil-A. Inc. v. CFT Dev.. LLC 
652 F. Supp. 2d 1252 (M.D. Fla. 2009) 
Cooper Industries. Inc. v. Leatherman Tool Group. Inc., 
532 U.S. 424 (2001) 
Diaz v. Eighth Judicial Dist. Court ex rel. County of Clark. 
993 P.2d 50 (Nev. 2000) 
18. 19 
E & J Gallo Winery v. Encana Energy Servs.. Inc.. 
Media L. Rep. 1413 (S.D.N.Y. 2004) 
iii 
EFTA00728011
--- PAGE 4 ---
Eagle Hosp. Physicians. LLC v. SRG Consulting, Inc., 
561 F.3d 1298 (11th Cir. 2009) 
Gonzales v. National Broad. Co., 
194 F.3d 29 (2d Cir. 1999) 
2, 3 
Hill v. Federal Trade Comm'n, 
124 F.2d 104 (5th Cir. 19431) 
In re Aoplication to Ouash Subpoena to Nat'l Broad. Co. 
F.3d 346 (2d Cir. 1996)  
3.9. 14 
In re Natural Gas Commodities Litig.. 
235 F.R.D. 241 (S.D.N.Y. 2006) 
2, 8 
In re Petroleum Products Antitrust Litig., 
680 F.2d 5 (2d Cir. 1982) (per curiam) 
Lee v. Department of Justice 
413 F.3d 53 (D.C. Cir. 2005) 
L.W. ex rel. Whitson v. Knox County Bd. of Educ. 
Media L. Rep. 1721 (E.D. Tenn. 2008) 
Medina v. United Christian Evangelistic Ass'n 
No. 08-22111-CIV, 2009 WL 5066675 (S.D. Fla. Dec. 15. 2009) 
New York Times Co. v. Gonzales, 
459 F.3d 160 (2d Cir. 2006) 
Nicholas v. Poughkeepsie Say. Bank/FSB, 
No. 90 Civ. 1607 (RWS), 1991 WL 113279 (S.D.N.Y. June 14, 1991) 
Night Hawk Ltd. v. Briarpatch Ltd.. L.P., 
No. 03 Civ. 1382 RWS, 2003 WL 23018833 (S.D.N.Y. Dec. 23, 2003) 
10, 11 
Oppenheimer Fund. Inc. v. Sanders 
437 U.S. 340 (1978) 
Patterson v. Burge. 
No. 03 C 4433, 2005 WL 43240 (N.D. III. Jan 6, 2005) 
4.5 
Persky v. Yeshiva Univ. 
No. 01 Civ. 4278 (LMM). 2002 WL 31769704 (S.D.N.Y. Dec. 10. 2002)  
2,8. 14 
Pugh v. Avis Rent A Car System. Inc.. 
No. M8-85. 1997 WL 669876 (S.D.N.Y. Oct. 28, 1997)  
iv 
EFTA00728012
--- PAGE 5 ---
Salvatorie Studios. Int'l v. Mako's. Inc., 
No. 01 Civ. 4430BSIDF. 2001 WL 913945 (S.D.N.Y. Aug. 14, 1991) 
Schiller v. City of New York 
245 F.R.D. 112 (S.D.N.Y. 2007) 
Solarex Corp. v. Arco Solar. Inc., 
121 F.R.D. 163 (E.D.N.Y. 1988) 
Ulrich v. Coast Dental Servs.. Inc., 
15, 18 
739 So. 2d 142 (Fla. Dist. Ct. App. 1999) 
United States v. Burke, 
3, 13 
700 F.2d 70 (2d Cir. 1983) 
United States v. Monteleone 
257 F.3d 210 (2d Cir. 2001) 
United States v. Treacv 
603 F. Supp. 2d 670 (S.D.N.Y. 2009) 
STATUTES 
N.Y. Civil Rights Law § 79-h 
OTHER 
James Wm. Moore et al.. Moore's Federal Practice (3d ed. 2010) 
II 
EFTA00728013
--- PAGE 6 ---
Daily News, L.P. ("Daily News"), and Daily News journalist George Rush respectfully 
submit this reply memorandum of law and accompanying Reply Declaration of Anne B. Carroll 
and Supplementary Affidavit of George Rush in support of their motion for an order pursuant to 
Fed. R. Civ. Proc. 45(c)(3XAXiii) quashing subpoenas or in the alternative for a Protective Order 
pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. Proc. 26(c)( I). 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
Plaintiff 
has failed to carry her burden of showing that anything on the Epstein 
interview tape sought through the subpoenas challenged here may be compelled from movants under 
either the reporter's privilege recognized in this Circuit or the governing federal rules, F.R.C.P. 26 and 
45. Her assertion that, absent the tape, she has no evidence to support her claims collides head-on 
with her positions, taken in the underlying litigation, that, for example, she has "ample evidence" 
that "can easily prove her case," that F.R.E. 415 permits her to introduce evidence of Epstein's 
alleged assaults on more than 30 other victims, and that his invocations of the Fifth Amendment 
entitle her to adverse inferences at trial "on all the factual issues" concerning liability. Her assertion 
that the recording is "the only direct evidence in existence or available ... to prove what Epstein 
thinks about what he did to her" cannot be squared with the fact that she does not even allege to this 
Court that Epstein said so much as a single word about her or her specific case — nor could she so 
allege, for he did not. Her argument that statements purportedly made by Epstein on the tape about 
another plaintiff in another litigation are somehow material to her case affords no support for a 
subpoena in this case. Yet these are exactly the kinds of claims on which she bases this effort to 
obtain disclosure of Rush's journalistic work product. 
The Court need not even reach the question of whether the reporter's privilege has been 
waived since plaintiff cannot meet the standards under F.R.C.P. 26 and 45: the burden on the non-
party journalist to produce his newsgathering materials is not outweighed by 
need for this 
evidence, evidence which is at best cumulative and tangential. (Point I.) In any event, plaintiff has 
failed to show that the reporter's privilege has been waived as to the recording at issue since. 
does not allege — and cannot allege — that any part of the interview was published in the Daily News. 
- 1 - 
EFTA00728014
--- PAGE 7 ---
(Point IL) Since there are no material facts in dispute, there is no need for an evidentiary hearing 
that would only further intrude into Mr. Rush's journalistic endeavors. (Point III.) The subpoenas 
should therefore be quashed in their entirety or a Protective Order issued to prevent their 
enforcement. 
ARGUMENT 
POINT I: 
WHETHER ANALYZED UNDER THE REPORTER'S PRIVILEGE OR THE 
FEDERAL RULES, 
HAS NOT SHOWN THE REQUIRED RELE-
VANCE, MATERIALITY OR ABSENCE OF ALTERNATIVE SOURCES 
Movants have already articulated the stringent standard that 
must meet in order to ob-
tain the disclosure sought under the most protective level of the qualified reporter's privilege accor-
ded to confidential materials. Main Br. at 8-13. That standard applies whether the source is 
confidential or, as here, the information was obtained on a confidential basis from an identified 
I Contrary to 
claims, this Circuit has asa repudiated the 1st Amendment roots of the privilege. Sgg, 
a 
Gonzales v. National Broad. Co 194 F.3d 29, 36 n.6 (2d Cir. 1999) (does not decide if privilege is 
"constitutionally required, or rooted in federal common law"); Persky v. Yeshiva Univ. No. 01 Civ. 4278 
(LMM), 2002 WL 31769704, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. Dec. 10, 2002) (McKenna. J.) ("This circuit has long 
recognized the existence of a qualified privilege for journalistic information. This privilege is based. at 
least in part. on the importance of the First Amendment protections of freedom of speech and the press.") 
(internal quotation marks and citation omitted); Schiller v. City of New York. 245 F.R.D. 112. 
118 (S.D.N.Y. 2007) ("There is some dispute whether [the reporter's] privilege is a creature of federal 
common law or is required by the First Amendment.... In either event, it arises from a concern for the 
potential harm to the paramount public interest in the maintenance of a vigorous, aggressive and 
independent press capable of participating in robust, unfettered debate over controversial matters.") 
(internal quotation marks and citation omitted). In any event, New YyLi_c Times v. Gonzales 459 F.3d 160, 
173-74 (2d Cir. 2006), and other grand jury subpoena cases on which IM relies (Opp. Br. at 14-15) are not 
controlling with respect to non-party subpoenas in private civil disputes. Lee v. Department of Justice. 413 
F.3d 53, 58 (D.C. Cir. 2005) (limiting "the applicability of the Branzburg precedent to the circumstances 
considered by the court in Branzburg-that is. the context of a criminal proceeding, or even more 
specifically, a grand jury subpoena"). 
Also contrary to plaintiff's contention. Opp. Br. at 15-16, courts in this Circuit continue to apply the highest 
level of the qualified privilege's protection to confidential newsgathering materials, like the recording here. 
as well as to the identity of confidential sources. ags. g g,. In re Natural Gas Commodities Litigation. 235 
F.R.D. 241, 242, 246 (S.D.N.Y. 2006) (applying Petroleum Products standard to confidential materials): E 
Gallo Winery v. Encana Energy Servs.. Inc.. 33 Media L. Rep. 1413. 1414 (S.D.N.Y. 2005) (Preska, 
J.) (applying petroleum Products standard to both confidential sources and confidential materials) (copy 
annexed as Ex. A to Carroll Reply Decl.); see Gonzales v. National Broad. Co.. 194 F.3d at 32. 33 
(reaffirming that 'Raker and Petroleum Products established the existence of a journalists' privilege for 
confidential materials"). 
EFTA00728015
--- PAGE 8 ---
source.2 Rush's sworn statement that the interview was off the record stands uncontradicted. 3 
Even if the Court were to find that confidentiality may have been waived as to certain portions of the 
interview — which we believe it was not, see Point II, infra, and Main Br. at 13-15 — the lower level 
of showing required to defeat the protection for non-confidential material articulated in Gonzales v. 
NBC has also not been made. 
In fact, if defendant prevails on his pending motion for summary judgment on the federal 
claims, the state law claims would be the only claims remaining and the New York Shield Law 
would then apply. Ste In re Application to Ouash Subpoena to National Broadcasting Co., 79 F.3d 
346. 351. 352 (2d Cir. 1996) ("Graco") (applying New York Shield Law to state claims pending in 
Massachusetts federal court, noting the relevant standards of that law and the federal privilege 
were "identical," and freely cited both state and federal authorities throughout its opinion). Sgs 
Main Br. at 10. The New York Shield Law provides absolute protection of confidential sources 
and newsgathering materials and qualified protection for non-confidential newsgathering, requiring 
a showing that the information is "highly material and relevant," "critical or necessary to the 
maintenance of a party's claim" and "not obtainable from any alternative source." N.Y. Civil Rights 
Law § 79-h(b), (c).°
But the Court need not even consider the scope of the reporter's privilege or if it has been 
waived. Without relying on an explicit First Amendment, common law or statutory privilege, under 
Rules 26 and 45, federal courts have nonetheless factored in the burden on First Amendment rights 
when analyzing private litigants' attempts to unearth the unpublished confidential and 
If the Court should entertain any doubt about whether the conversation was indeed, by mutual agreement. 
off the record, the matter can be easily resolved by an in camera review of the recording. 
Under Gonzales v. NBC "Where a civil litigant seeks nonconfidential materials from a nonparty press 
entity, the litigant is entitled to the requested discovery notwithstanding a valid assertion of the journalists' 
privilege if he can show that the materials at issue are of likely relevance to a significant issue in the case. 
and are not reasonably obtainable from other available sources." 194 F. 3d at 36 (requiring production of 
outtakes of highway stops in case alleging racial profiling). 
While plaintiff is correct that it is the burden of the party asserting the privilege to show it applies, it is the 
burden of the party seeking the information to show she has overcome the privilege. United States v. 
Burke, 700 F.2d 70, 77 (2d Cir. 1983). 
- 3 - 
EFTA00728016
--- PAGE 9 ---
nonconfidential work product and sources of non-party journalists and publishers. In Bruno & 
Stillman, Inc. v. Globe Newspaper Co., 633 F.2d 583, 596-98 (1st Cir. 1980), for example, a libel 
plaintiff sought the identities of confidential sources from the defendant newspaper. After 
reviewing Supreme Court precedents. the court concluded that "Itihe important point for purposes 
of the present appeal is that courts faced with enforcing requests for the discovery of materials 
used in the preparation of journalistic reports should be aware of the possibility that the unlimited 
or unthinking allowance of such requests will impinge upon First Amendment rights. In deter-
mining what, if any, limits should accordingly be placed upon the granting of such requests, courts 
must balance the potential harm to the free flow of information that might result against the asser-
ted need for the requested information." Id. at 595-96 (footnotes omitted). The court remanded 
with instructions to examine the provisions of Rule 26, including the factors set out in subsection 
(c), with "a heightened sensitivity to any First Amendment implication that might result from the 
compelled disclosure of sources," and to "assess' I . . . the importance to the defendant's continued 
newsgathering effectiveness of preserving the source's confidentiality." Id. at 596-98.5
Even in Circuits that, unlike the Second Circuit, have not recognized a federal reporter's 
privilege, the standards applicable under Rules 26 and 45 have resulted in rejection of private 
litigants' efforts to obtain reporters' non-confidential newsgathering materials. For example. in 
Patterson v. Burge No. 03 C 4433, 2005 WL 43240 (N.D. III. Jan. 6, 2005), the court analyzed 
under Rule 45(c) subpoenas issued by defendants in a civil rights suit for media outlets' 
nonconfidential outtakes and audiotapes of interviews with plaintiff. Finding that the materials 
were relevant to the underlying litigation in the "broadest and weakest sense," the court nonetheless 
&g 
g, Apicella v.McNeil Labs.. Inc. 66 F.R.D. 78, 82, 85 (E.D.N.Y. 1975) (Weinstein, J.) ("In 
exercising this authority," under Federal Rules 26 and 37, "the court must consider the possible necessity 
for the information and the costs of providing it": after weighing the interests of the plaintiff against the 
adverse effects on the publisher's First Amendment rights if the information were revealed — and observing 
that the parties had not shown that they were unable to obtain the information from another source — the 
court struck the balance under Rule 26 in favor of quashing the subpoena); Solarex Corp. v. Arco Solar 
Inc. 121 F.R.D. 163, 175. 179 (E.D.N.Y. 1988) (Rule 26 balancing of interests in view of defendant's 
attenuated showing of relevance and need and the publication's First Amendment interest in preventing 
intrusion into its editorial and news gathering activities, as well as its status as a non-party. weighed in 
favor of quashing subpoena). afro. 870 F.2d 642 (Fed. Cir. 1989). 
-4-
EFTA00728017
--- PAGE 10 ---
held that plaintiffs had not established that the information sought was not already in their 
possession or unavailable from other sources. a at *2. The court said, the subpoena posed a 
significant burden on the third parties: "[I]f there is no standard higher than mere relevance which 
civil lawyers must satisfy to help themselves to reporters' records, news organizations will be very 
busy responding to civil subpoenas. Similarly, the news organizations' efforts to maintain their 
independence and gain the trust of sources is an interest that will be severely impaired if mere 
relevance, meaning as it does here a mere relationship to the subject matter of a civil suit, makes 
their non-public records available on request." Id. at *3. In view of the weakness of defendants' 
"showing of materiality" and the absence of a compelling public interest in the disclosure, as well 
as the "important private and public interests compelled production in this case would involve," the 
balancing of interests required by Rule 45(c) weighed in favor of quashing the subpoenas. Id. at *5.6
These cases make plain that considerations such as materiality, need, and the availability of 
alternative sources, on the one hand, and non-party status, very real burdens, and harm to impor-
tant public (as well as private) interests, involving the ability of the press to do its job of informing 
the public — whether or not that is labeled a "First Amendment" value — on the other hand, can be 
sifted and weighed within the broad discretion of the Court in ways independent of, or in addition 
to, the currently shifting and sometimes uncertain parameters of privilege law in this area. 
See, a.  L.W. ex rel. Whitson v. Knox County Bd. of Educ., 36 Media L. Rep. 1721, 1723 (E.D. Tenn. 
2008) (copy annexed as Ex. B to Carroll Reply Decl.) (granting non-party reporter's motion to quash even 
though reporter's privilege was not recognized by the 6th Circuit, reasoning that, under Fed. R. Civ. P. 
26(bX2XO, the discovery sought was unreasonably cumulative or duplicative, and obtainable from other 
sources more convenient, less burdensome, or less expensive: plaintiffs failed to show that reporter 
possessed any unique evidence that could not be obtained elsewhere, and burden and expense of proposed 
discovery outweighed its likely benefit); Apel v. Murohv 70 F.R.D. 651.653 (D.R.I. 1976) (avoiding the 
constitutional question of whether a reporter's privilege exists under federal law and applying Rules 45(c) 
and Rule 26(b): finding that party's weak claim of relevance did not outweigh burdensomeness and 
oppression that would be imposed on journalists if they were compelled to disclose nonconfidential work 
product; subpoenas quashed). 
. ea, Supplementary Affidavit of George Rush ("Supp. Rush Alit"). annexed as Ex. C to Carroll Reply 
Decl., 1 5. 
- 5 - 
EFTA00728018
--- PAGE 11 ---
A. 
The Testimony and Tape Recording Would Be. At Bejt. Cumulative 
sets the table for her case against movants by asserting that her counsel have diligently 
tried — and failed — to find sa
 evidence or means to support her claims. Opp. Br. at 4-5. The claim 
is disingenuous at best. At the outset, in the response to Epstein's motion for summary judgment 
dismissing ■ 
federal sex abuse claims which she filed on April 13.2010 ("Si Opp.").8 she 
repeatedly argues that in fact she has more than enough evidence against him to survive the motion. 
See. egs, SJ Opp. at 12 ("far from supporting summary judgment for the defendant, the evidence 
overwhelmingly inclines in 
favor") (see other examples Carroll Reply Dec1.1 6). 
Further bolstering 
claims in the underlying case is the fact that evidence of sexual 
abuse of the 30 other underage 
whom plaintiff says investigators identified as having 
been Epstein's victims, Opp. Br. at 3, would be admissible against him pursuant to F.R.E. 415• ss 
Medina v. United Christian Evangelistic Ass'n, No. 08-22111-CIV. 2009 WL 5066675, at *1-2 
(S.D. Fla. Dec. 15. 2009) (Rule 415 "supercedes the general rule . . . which excludes evidence of 
prior bad acts when admitted to prove that a party acts in conformity on a particular occasion"; 
admitting testimony of a witness who had filed a verified complaint alleging sexual abuse against 
the same defendant, then settled his case; finding that "the probative value of this testimony is ex-
tremely high because of its similarity with the allegations in this case"); SJ Opp. at 10-11 (-
Statement of Material Fact (-SOMF") 1 19), citing F.R.E. 415 and passages of Epstein's and her 
own depositions in support of statement that from 2001 to 2006, Epstein "had sexual contact with 
over 30 girls under the age of 18." 
Moreover, 
response to the summary judgment motion declares that she has a great 
deal of evidence to show that Epstein's sexual abuse was part of "a common scheme or plan 
whereby he sexually abused many other underage young girls." See, e.g., SJ Opp. at 10 (SOMF 
18), citing "FRE 404(b) (evidence of a common scheme or plan admissible)," F.R.E. 415. and 
passages from the depositions of Epstein, 
No. 2, 
No. 4, 
No. 5 and 
This brief may be found on PACER. S.D. Fla. Civil Docket for ME
 v. Jeffrey Epstein, Case # 9:08-cv-
80893-KAM ("Docket"), DE 140. 
- 6 - 
EFTA00728019
--- PAGE 12 ---
herself; at 35-36 (Epstein's extensive travel for the purpose of trafficking minors across borders 
for purposes of sex or prostitution coincided with sexual abuse of 
and was part of a common 
scheme or plan). 
Still, 
tries to further her contention in this proceeding that she is bereft of evidence by 
reference to Epstein's invocations of the Fifth Amendment during discovery and a "promise" that he 
will do so at trial, giving rise to her claim that 'The tape recording is 
only opportunity to 
place Epstein's own words before the jury." Opp. Br. at 2-3; k1_, at 20 (through assertion of his Fifth 
Amendment privilege. "Epstein has denied 
allegation (of sexual molestation], by opera-
tion of law .. . as to all claims against him"). But as her counsel avers repeatedly in 
opposi-
tion to Epstein's summary judgment motion, so, ca„, SJ Opp. at 4 n.5. 10 n.6, 38, it is virtually 
certain that she will be entitled to adverse inferences against Epstein as to the factual issues in her 
case based on his silence. ,Cgs Baxter v. Palmiaziano 425 U.S. 308, 318, 319 (1976) ("the Fifth 
Amendment does not forbid adverse inferences against parties to civil actions when they refuse to 
testify in response to probative evidence offered against them"; "'(f)ailure to contest an assertion 
... is considered evidence of acquiescence ... if it would have been natural under the circum-
stances to object to the assertion in question' ") (citation omitted). Eagle Hosp. Physicians. LLC v. 
SRC Consulting, Inc., 561 F.3d 1298, 1303-05 (11th Cir. 2009). Brink's Inc. v. City of New 
York, 717 F.2d 700. 709-10 (2d Cir. 1983). Cablevision Systems Corp. v. DePalma. No. CV-87-
3528 (JLC), 1989 WL 8165, at *4-5 (E.D.N.Y. Jan. 17, 1989); see also Carroll Reply Decl. If 7. 
tries to underscore her lack of evidence by maintaining that "Epstein has refused to provide 
any substantive discovery to MM." Opp. Br. at 20. As to that, her remedy plainly lies in mo-
tion practice against Epstein in her home court, not in a subpoena to a non-party journalist. 
Finally.. states that she "of course, has no other witnesses she can call to tell what 
Epstein did to her behind closed doors in his mansion." Id.; 
Edwards Aff tl 10 ("Epstein's 
abuse of 
took place in private, with only Epstein and 
present during the abuse"). 
However, an exchange between Nand Epstein's attorney refers to a prior deposition in which 
testified that the first time she was at Epstein's house, she was brought there by M. and she took off 
- 7 - 
EFTA00728020
--- PAGE 13 ---
her clothes "in conjunction ... with 
In any event, whether in fact the claim of no eyewit-
nesses is true, several things are clear: 
will be a witness at 
trial, Opp. Br. at 11 
n.10. there is likely to be circumstantial evidence such as a web of telephone calls and specially-
arranged taxicabs cited in the Florida filings and there is an alleged pattern of behavior of under-
aged sexual contact, as well as a guilty plea and a non-prosecution agreement. 
B. 
The Alleged Statements in the Interview Are Not Even Relevant to a Significant Issue in 
Case, Much Less Critical or Necessary 
Despite this embarrassment of evidentiary riches.. identifies four statements or groups 
of statements which she believes are contained on the tape and argues that each is highly material 
and critical to the maintenance of her cause — indeed, her claim "will likely rise and fall with this 
Court's decisions."10 Opp. Br. at 19, 23 n.19. 
I. A purportedly "damning admission" by Epstein either that "the only thing he might have 
done wrong was to maybe cross the line a little too closely," Fisten Alf ti 7, t t or that "he 
may have come 'too close to the line.' Edwards Afftl 13. Either way, according to 
plaintiff, the gist of the "admission" is that "Epstein may have crossed 'the line' between 
having consensual sexual relations with adult women and having non-consensual sexual 
relations with minor girls — girls like n 
Opp. Br. at 20-21 (emphasis added). 
' A copy of the page is annexed as Ex. E to the Carroll Reply Decl. (First page of composite Exhibit A to 
opposition to summary judgment (Docket, DE 140); neither the immediatelaollowing pages of this 
transcript nor pages reflecting the earlier testimony, are included in the exhibit.) M. is another anonymous 
plaintiff who is suing Epstein and is apparently Edwards' client. Edwards Mitt 11 I I.24. She is also a co-
defendant with Edwards in Epstein's racketeering and fraud suit against both Edwards and M. as well as 
Scott Rothstein. Edwards' former law partner. ee infra. 
Kam incorrectly states that "Imlore recent cases" in this Circuit and District have demoted the showing 
required under Petroleum's "critical and necessary" prong to an inquiry into "whether the information was 
important to the case" — andeed, one of the two cases cited by III as authority (Opp. at 23 n.19) states that 
the relevant part in the test "is satisfied where the party's claim or defense virtually rises or falls with the 
admission or exclusion of the proffered evidence." In re Natural Gas Commodities Litigation , 235 F.R.D. 
241. 244 (S.D.N.Y. 2006) (internal quotation marks omitted). In applying the reporter's privilege in a 
federal question case, this Court cited Graco for the proposition that the "necessary and critical" prong of 
the Petroleum Products test requires a showing that the party's claim "virtually rises or falls with the admis-
sion or exclusion of the proffered evidence," and dropped a footnote to explain that la[Ithough [Gracol
was decided based on the New York Shield Law, 'the contours of the privilege under federal law are 
"identical" to those under the applicable New York statute.— See Persky, supra. 2002 WL 31769704, at *3 
(McKenna. J.). 
" Notably. Mr. Fisten claims he "wrote up a report memorializing what Rush had told me" shortly after his 
conversation with Mr. Rush (Fisten Aft*" I I) but chooses not to attach the memo to his affidavit. 
- 8 - 
EFTA00728021
--- PAGE 14 ---
As to the supposed "damning admission," Rush attests that neither formulation of the "line" 
phraseology posited by plaintiff's counsel and investigator was spoken by Epstein. Supp. Rush 
Aff't 1 4. Of course,. simply does not know what Epstein said• an in camera review will estab-
lish what was or was not said and whether it was said specifically in reference to IIII. But neither 
formulation, much less what was in fact said, meets the threshold of relevance, let alone materiality. 
necessity or criticality. If this is the "damning admission" on which 
case depends. all her 
claims of "ample evidence" in response to plaintiff's summary judgment motion — which 
filed 
just over two weeks ago — are surely suspect. 
2. An alleged statement by Epstein that one of his accusers, known in the litigSns as M. 
(see note 9, supra) "came to him as a prostitute and a drug addict," which 
characterizes as "a highly useful admission, as it will help to establish that Epstein has a 
sexual interest in minor girls — minor girls like 
Perhaps more important, it is 
direct proof that Epstein knows LM. a fact that he has denied in the past." Opp. Br. at 21. 
Assuming, for the sake of argument, that Epstein did say what plaintiff asserts, she provides 
no rational basis for a finding that the statement, which concerns exclusively another individual, is 
about her or could be relevant, much less critical, to her litigation. The notion that it could pertain to 
because it contradicts an alleged prior statement by Epstein that he did not know III., is 
patently illogical — and all the more so in light of Epstein's admission in his lawsuit against M. and 
others that he that he was "one of M's many `Johns.— See Complaint Epstein v. Rothstein, 
Edwards & M
s, No. 50 2009 CA0 40800 (Cir. Ct., 15th Jud. Cir., Palm Beach Co.. Dec. 7, 
2009) at 146(a), pertinent pages annexed as Ex. E to the Carroll Reply Dec1.12 As for alleged 
"derogatory remarks" about M., they would surely be cumulative of those Epstein already 
alleges in his complaint against M. 13 
The document is available online at http://www.scribd.com/doc/23947743/121009-epstein. 
"Complaint, Epstein v. Rothstein et al., II 42(h)(i) ("M. testified that she ... worked at various 
strip clubs; is an admitted prostitute and call girl; has a history of illegal drug use (pot, painkillers, 
Xanax, Ecstasy); and continually asserted the 5th Amendment during her depositions in order to 
avoid answering relevant but problem questions for her"); 42(j) CM. claimed in her civil 
complaint that Epstein "forced [her] into 'oral sex— after testifying that "she had never engaged in 
oral, anal, or vaginal intercourse with Epstein and she had never touched his genitalia"); 46 (has 
admitted under oath she was a prostitute since the age of 15. making $1,000 a day on more than 20 
- 9 - 
EFTA00728022
--- PAGE 15 ---
To the degree that 
counsel is seeking the recording, in whole or in part, for use in 
other cases — i.e. for purposes other than those set out on the face of the subpoenas and argued in 
this proceeding - such use for other cases cannot be grounds for enforcing a subpoena in Sd
case.14 As the Supreme Court held in Oppenheimer Fund. Inc, v. Sanders 437 U.S. 340. 352-53 
(1978), "[W]hen the purpose of a discovery request is to gather information for use in proceedings 
other than the pending suit, discovery properly is denied." This principle is enforced in this Dis-
trict. Thus, the court in Night Hawk Ltd. v. Briarpatch Ltd.. L.P. No. 03 Civ. 1382 RWS, 2003 
WL 23018833 (S.D.N.Y. Dec. 23, 2003) quashed a subpoena served on a third party after it deter-
mined that the party-defendant was attempting to use it to not to obtain information in the under-
lying action, which had been dismissed, but to gather evidence for use in state court proceedings. 
Ns at *8. The court analyzed the matter under the undue burden standard of Rule 45(cX3): 
Whether a subpoena imposes an "undue burden" "depends upon 'such factors as 
relevance, the need of the party for the documents, the breadth of the document, the 
time period covered by it, the particularity with which the documents are described 
and the burden imposed." The party issuing the subpoena must demonstrate that the 
information sought is relevant and material to the allegations and claims at issue in 
the proceedings.... "Rule 26(b)(1) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure restricts 
discovery to matters relevant to the claims and defenses of the parties. Here, the bur-
den is on [the party ... who issued the subpoena) to demonstrate relevance." Addi-
tionally, "the status of a witness as a non-party to the underlying litigation 'entitles 
[the witness] to consideration regarding expense and inconvenience." ' 
occasions from many Johns, of whom Epstein was one); 47(a) (in sworn statement to FBI, S. 
"spoke so highly of Epstein and her interactions with him that the US Attorney's office informed a 
federal court in July 2008 that the US Attorney could not consider S. a victim" but in the 
deposition in her civil case testified that Epstein should be in jail and that she has "lived a shiny 
life because of [him]"); 47(b) (S. told the FBI under oath that Epstein never kissed, touched or 
treated her "in a sexual way" but in her second amended complaint alleged that Epstein "coerced 
[her] . . . to commit various acts of sexual misconduct [including] oral sex"); 47(c)-(e) (alleging 
other direct contradictions between S's FBI testimony and her deposition testimony). 
Edwards Aft" t 9 I I ("While the present s 
na before the Court has been filed by 
the Court 
should be aware that attorneys representing 
[presumably Edwards W 
fl may also file a subpoena 
for the George Rush tape shorty."); id. 1 20 ("The tape is also crucial for 
. to di 
s the frivolous 
complaint filed by Jeffrey Epstein against her. as he clearly acknowledges knowing M., contrary to 
claims he makes in his complatagainst her and also contradictory to other statements he has made in 
depositions related to knowing M.); ill 25 ("I explained [to Anne Carroll) that we needed this tape for 
several reasons, i 
ing those cited by her in her pleading. The tape is detrimental to Epstein's personal 
complaint against M. and me."). 
- 10-
EFTA00728023
--- PAGE 16 ---
Id. (citations omitted) (finding that the witness was entitled to attomey's fees under Rule 45(c)(1)). 
Salvatorie Studios. Intl v. Mako's. Inc. No. 01 CIV. 4430BSJDF, 2001 WL 913945, at •1 
(S.D.N.Y. Aug. 14, 1991) ("Mako's ... has failed to establish that the [material] it seeks [from third-
party law firm] is in any way relevant to the claims or defenses raised in this action.") (emphasis ori-
ginal); Nicholas v. Poughkeepsie Say. Banlc/FSB No. 90 Civ. 1607 (RWS), 1991 WL 113279, at *2 
(S.D.N.Y. June 14, 1991) (subpoena modified where 'The reasonable inference is that the purpose of 
this portion ... is to obtain facts in order to make a claim against (the subpoenaed non-party]' ; "[fin 
deciding whether a request comes within the discovery rules, a court is not required to blind itself to 
the purpose for which a party seeks information"),I5
3. Five statements allegedly made by Epstein in the interview that 
insists are "com-
pelling evidence in her case for punitive damages": that in commenting on his guilty plea 
and jail sentence, "Epstein states that he did nothing wrong and went to jail for no reason"; 
that "he further reveals in the recorded interview that his time in jail was too harsh ... and 
if the same circumstances would have happened in New York. he would have only 
received a $200 fine"; and that "[h]e also stated that 'all the girls suing him' — including, of 
course. 
— are only trying to get a meal ticket." (Opp. Br. at 21-22.) 
Even if all those statements appear on the recording, which is not the case, they show little 
more than a defendant, charged in multiple actions with committing heinous sexual abuse on a 
massive scale, defending himself to a reporter in an off-the-record interview. The comment about 
New York law, assuming arguendo something like is on the tape. appears to be less an expression 
of lack of remorse than a statement of law and objective fact. Plaintiff offers no legal support for 
the proposition that evidence of this kind would be probative of punitive damages. In one of the two 
punitive damages cases cited by plaintiff, the Supreme Court set out the factors that reviewing 
courts must use in determining whether a punitive damage award accords with due process. They 
are: "(1) the degree or reprehensibility of the defendant's misconduct, (2) the disparity between 
the harm (or potential harm) suffered by the plaintiff and the punitive damages award, and (3) the 
See also 9 James Wm. Moore et al., Moore's Federal Practice '145-38 (3d ed. 2010) (when a nonparty is 
subpoenaed in an action. "Rule 45(a)(I) ... requires that the action be identified to the subpoenaed witness 
including the title, civil action number and court in which the action is pending"; "Rihe failure to include. 
or the affirmative misstatement of, any of this identifying information makes the subpoena facially invalid 
and unenforceable") . 
EFTA00728024
--- PAGE 17 ---
difference between the punitive damages awarded by the jury and the civil penalties authorized or 
imposed in comparable cases." Cooper Indus.. Inc. v. Leatherman Tool Group. Inc., 532 U.S. 
424, 440 (2001). None of these considerations support plaintiff's theory that a "lack of remorse" 
or "lack of empathy" can be the basis for punitive damages. 
But even if Epstein's pre-trial state of mind about the women who are suing him were rele-
vant, the claimed statements would be merely cumulative of far more vehement language to be 
found in his complaint against Rothstein, Edwards and 
where he directly attacks the credibility 
and reputations of three of the women suing him — including ME.
They would also be cumu-
lative of Epstein's ruthless affirmative defenses in the underlying case. Sig Main Br. at 3-4, II. 
Plaintiff contends that Epstein's affirmative defenses cannot be evidence of his lack of 
remorse because these are only "legal defenses raised by legal counsel," rather than Epstein's own 
views. Opp. Br. at 22. But the affirmative defenses state facts — for example that "Plaintiff consen-
ted to and was a willing participant in the acts alleged" and that she "actually consented to and 
participated in conduct similar and/or identical to the acts alleged with other persons." The law is 
well-settled that facts stated in a pleading are judicial admissions that bind a party throughout a 
litigation. See, tg„ Best Canvas Products & Supplies. Inc. v. Ploof Truck Lines. Inc. 713 F.2d 
618, 621 (11th Cir. 1983) (noting "the general rule that a party is bound by the admissions in his 
pleadings"; "judicial admissions are proof possessing the highest possible probative value. Indeed, 
facts judicially admitted are facts established not only beyond the need of evidence to prove them, 
but beyond the power of evidence to controvert them.") (citation omitted). accord Chick-Fil-A, 
Inc. v. CFT Development. LLC, 652 F. Supp. 2d 1252. 1260 (M.D. Ha. 2009), aff'd, No. 09-
15066, 2010 WL 1006661 (11th Cir. Mar. 19,2010): Bellefonte Re Ins. Co. v. Argonaut Ins. Co. 
757 F.2d 523, 528-29 (2d Cir. 1985). 
acl Complaint Epstein v. Rothstein et all  42MM. 
participated in a media interview "without 
any legitimate legal purpose other than to 'pump' the federal case for potential investors 
scheme) or to prejudice Epstein's right to a fair trial in Palm Beach County");1142(hXiii) 
has 
admitted to lying in sworn testimony and "worked at two different strip clubs"). See note13. supra.
- 12 - 
EFTA00728025
--- PAGE 18 ---
4. An assertion that the recording is "clear proof that Epstein committed the crime of perjury" 
because, when he was asked at deposition "whether he knew George Rush[,] Epstein lied 
and impressed the point [sic] that he did not recognize any reporter from the Daily News." 
Opp. Br. at 23. 
■ 
has not tried to explain how or why it would be important, or even relevant, to her 
case to obtain the recording as evidence that Epstein "committed the crime of perjury." As set 
forth in the Edwards Aff t at 1 19, the recording "is ... unique and not otherwise obtainable from 
other witnesses because it can be used to prove perjury (a federal crime) on the part of Epstein." 
Edwards then cites a deposition transcript, without providing the relevant pages, "wherein Jeffrey 
Epstein clearly impresses that he does not recognize George Rush from the New York Daily 
News." Offering this as a "criminal event," Edwards states that, "[i]f we receive the tape, we 
intend to alert the appropriate law enforcement authorities, both federal and state, so that they can 
pursue any appropriate criminal investigation perjury [sic] charges." 
Given the garbled renditions of the deposition exchange and absence of record support, it 
is impossible to know what question(s) Epstein was asked and how he answered. And even if 
instigating a criminal investigation of a litigation opponent were a proper purpose for serving 
subpoenas on non-party journalists — which it clearly is not" — the allegation that Epstein commit-
ted a crime is meritless. See, 
, United States v. Monteleone 257 F.3d 210, 219 (2d Cir. 2001) 
("A witness commits perjury if he gives false testimony concerning a material matter with the 
willful intent to provide false testimony, as distinguished from incorrect testimony resulting from 
confusion, mistake, or faulty memory.") (emphasis added). More to the point, this evidence is at 
most for impeachment purposes — an insufficient reason for intruding on movants' journalistic 
work product. United States v. Burke, 700 F.2d at 78. 
assertions that there are no alternative sources for the recording she seeks from the 
Daily News and Rush is principally based on the mistaken premise it is the only known recording 
of Epstein in connection with the controversy, and therefore represents her "only opportunity to 
prevent [sic[ Epstein's own words to the jury that hears her case." Opp. Br. at 25. This argument 
Indeed, counsel offered to provide an affidavit from Rush confirming that he conducted a phone 
interview of Epstein, but that offer was flatly rejected. (Carroll Reply Dec1.19.) 
- 13 - 
EFTA00728026
--- PAGE 19 ---
completely misconstrues the third prong of the test. There is nothing relevant, material or necessary 
to her case in Epstein's voice on a recording as such. The question is not whether it is the only tape, 
but rather, whether she can show that it contains the kind of evidence that would justify a burden-
some incursion on the Daily News' and Rush's newsgathering. See In re Application to Ouash 
Subpoena to Nat'l Broad. Co., 79 F.3d at 353 (rejecting lower court's conclusion that "because the 
material contained in the out-takes sought by Graco is solely in the hands of NBC, it is 'therefore, 
unavailable from any other source' "; "it cannot be said that pertinent material is not obtainable 
elsewhere just because it is included in some out-take.") 
■ 
asserts that she should be given the tape because she has been unable to adduce sub-
stantive evidence supporting her allegations in the case but offers no cogent reason why, if the 
depositions she has taken in her case to date have been of "co-conspirators" who have taken the 
Fifth, jj at 5, she will not be able to draw adverse inferences from that testimony or why she has 
apparently not taken a single deposition of Epstein's friends and acquaintances. See Main Br. at 12-
13. Edwards' explanation that "we have no information that any of those people . . . have spoken to 
Mr. Epstein about 
or any of the other specific victims," Edwards Afft 1 18, does not suf-
fice as a showing of no alternative sources — especially in light of 
inability to demonstrate that 
the recording is even likely relevant to any significant issue in her case. 5q Perskv, supra at *4 
("Persky cannot think that the Court should be impressed by the fact that a mere three people were 
deposed and that three other individuals were 'informally questioned": noting that the Petroleum 
Products court "suggested that the taking of 60 or 65 depositions may be a reasonable prerequisite 
to disclosure"). 
The Court should, therefore, quash the subpoenas to the Daily News and Rush in their 
entirety or enter a protective order barring their enforcement. 
POINT II: 
HAS FAILED TO DEMONSTRATE THAT THE QUALIFIED 
REPORTER'S PRIVILEGE WAS WAIVED 
For her position that the reporter's privilege for confidential materials attaching to Rush's 
interview of Epstein was waived by Rush's disclosures, plaintiff relies on a misplaced analogy of 
-14-
EFTA00728027
--- PAGE 20 ---
the reporter's privilege to the attorney-client privilege and work product doctrine to conclude that 
disclosure of any portion of the interview constitutes waiver of the privilege as to the whole. The 
analogy does not hold. Since no portion of Epstein's interview was actually published in the 
Daily News, the qualified protection of the reporter's privilege is not waived as to any part of the 
interview and certainly not to the interview in its entirety. 
For her argument that the reporters privilege has been waived, 
relies almost entirely 
on cases analyzing the attorney client privilege and the work product doctrine. As a result, she 
fundamentally misconstrues the nature of the reporter's privilege. As explained in Pugh v. Avis 
Rent A Car System. Inc., No. M8-85, 1997 WL 669876 (S.D.N.Y. Oct. 28, 1997). the court 
rejected a party-litigant's argument that CBS' privilege was waived because a 60 Minutes jour-
nalist interviewed two or more people together, finding that the argument "rest[ed] on the 
assumption that confidentiality is the exclusive rationale behind the reporter's qualified privilege" 
— an assumption mistakenly adopted by ■ 
here. 
The mere presence of third parties during an interview does not undermine the 
interests served by the qualified privilege, which allow a journalist to review 
privately his or her notes, tapes or videotapes of an interview, and then decide what 
information to publish and how to incorporate it as part of a news story without fear 
that what he or she publishes can result in easy obtainment of those notes, tapes and 
videotapes by litigants in search of any nonpublished material relevant to a lawsuit. 
This goes to the privacy of editorial processes, the independence of the press and 
the need to allow the press to publish freely on topics of public interest without 
harassment and scrutiny by litigants seeking to conduct "fishing expeditions" into 
nonbroadcast materials in the hope that some relevant information may turn up. 
Id. at *5 (finding no waiver of privilege by virtue of group interviews). 
Thus courts have taken pains to distinguish this unique privilege from the more traditional 
ones. In Ulrich v. Coast Dental Servs., Inc. 739 So. 2d 142, 143-44 (Fla. Dist. Ct. App. 1999) the 
Florida court held the reporter's privilege was not waived by the reporter's pm-publication 
disclosure to third party of identities of confidential sources, explaining: 
A distinction is drawn between the need for confidentiality in the initial 
relationship which forms the basis for traditional privilege law and the protection 
of confidential and non-confidential information obtained during news gathering. 
The protection of the relationship of a husband-wife, physician-patient, attomey-
- 15 - 
EFTA00728028
--- PAGE 21 ---
client or clergy-penitent, is justified on a privacy theory. On the other hand, the 
journalist's privilege is justified by its constitutional origin or its public purpose to 
allow journalists to collect the news from sources who would not otherwise 
disclose information if they were identified. In other words, while most privileges 
protect only those communications that are confidential, a reporter's statutory 
privilege is generally not conditioned upon a prior agreement of confidentiality. It 
follows then, that disclosure of information to a third party should not constitute a 
waiver. 
a at 143-44 (citation omitted),I8
Moreover, plaintiff's mere recitation (Opp. Br. at 9) of the waiver provision of New York 
State's Shield Law, unaccompanied and uninformed by a review of authorities interpreting it. led her 
to misconstrue it entirely to reach a conclusion that disclosure to any third party destroys the privilege. 
On the contrary, as the court found in Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp. v. Wigand No. 
101678/96, 1996 WL 350827 (N.Y. Sup. Ct. Feb. 28, 1996), a leak of confidential interview 
transcripts from CBS to the New York Daily News during the epic face-off between 60 Minutes 
and whistleblower Jeffrey Wigand on one side and the Brown & Williamson Tobacco Company 
on the other, did not waive CBS's privilege in the documents under the Shield Law except as to 
the portions that were actually published in the Daily News. The court firmly rejected B&W's 
effort to analogize the reporter's privilege to courtroom evidentiary rules under which expanded 
testimony is permitted as to privileged matters once the door has been opened — the formulation 
■ 
has proposed here. Under that interpretation of the Shield Law's waiver provision, the court 
said, a specific but limited disclosure "would become a launching pad for a massive, unlimited and 
unspecified foray" into CBS's news files containing related information. Such a result, the court 
IS See Diaz v. Eighth Judicial Dist. Court ex rel. County of Clark. 993 P.2d 50, 57 (Nev. 2000) ("Privileges 
relating to confidential communications, such as those between attorney and client, between doctor and 
patient, and between spouses. shield the confidentiality of communications within special relationships and 
are not designed or intended to assist the fact-finding process or to uphold its integrity.... In contrast, the 
reporter's privilege does not arise strictly as a result of confidence or a special relationship. This privilege 
arises when a journalist gathers information within his or her professional capacity for the purpose of 
dissemination. The policy rationale behind this privilege is to enhance the newsgathering process and to 
foster the free now of information encouraged by the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.") 
(citations omitted). 
- 16 - 
EFTA00728029
--- PAGE 22 ---
reasoned, would be antithetical to the entire purpose of the privilege. Lt at *5-6.19 
waiver 
theories, built on an inapt analogy to other privileges, would have just that result. 
Maximizing the number of the bullet points representing supposedly waived portions of 
the interview, Opp. Br. at 10-12.. argues that "the gist of the entire tape" was communicated 
to both Edwards and Fisten, and "any privilege is plainly waived for the entire recording." a at 
12. Nowhere does she allege, however, that a copy of a tape of the interview was ever given to 
anyone — indeed, Fisten admits that Rush refused his request. (Fisten Aff. q 10). Nor does she 
allege that the interview was published in the Daily News. Even as to published quotes, a 
privilege still applies, although the level of protection may be diminished. See United States v. 
Treace, 603 F. Supp. 2d 670, 672 (S.D.N.Y. 2009) (appeal pending) (requiring testimony of 
reporter to confirm published quotes but limited inquiry by the defense into unpublished material). 
Here where the off-the-record interview was not published, the reporter's privilege for confidential 
newsgathering still holds. At a minimum, the privilege for nonconfidential newsgathering would 
apply and preclude compelled disclosure of the interview since 
has been unable to show that 
the information is anything more than cumulative of the "ample evidence" she has already 
amassed or is about other parties, other litigation or side issues. 
POINT III: THERE IS NO NEED FOR AN EVIDENTIARY HEARING WHERE 
THERE ARE NO MATERIAL FACTS IN DISPUTE 
For no apparent reason other than to further burden the reporter and invade the protection 
for newsgathering materials.. persists in insisting on an evidentiary hearing in regard to her 
claims of waiver. First, the court need not even reach the waiver issue because the standards 
under F.R.C.P. 26 and 45 applicable to non-party subpoenas. even without regard to privilege, 
have not been met. (ag Point 1, supra.) Second as a matter of law, absent publication of the 
Ig See also Altemose Constr. Co. v. Building & Constr. Trades Council 443 F. Supp. 489 (E.D. Pa. 1977) 
(concluded that affidavits in the possession of television news staff retained their status as confidential 
materials protected by the qualified privilege notwithstanding that they had been the subject of a broadcast 
discussion and shown in their entirety to two law enforcement officials) (incorrectly described in Opp. Br. 
at 9-10 as inapplicable because standing for the proposition "that broadcasting a small part if a document 
does not waive the protection of all parts."). 
- 17 - 
EFTA00728030
--- PAGE 23 ---
interview in the Daily News, there is no waiver of the reporter's privilege. (See Point 11.) Third, 
even if the extent of disclosure of the interview mattered here, the factual dispute between the 
parties is hardly "stark" as ■ 
suggests. (Opp. Br. at 26.) Rush's sworn statement that the 
interview was off the record is =contradicted. Supp. Rush Afrt 16. The broad strokes of the 
disclosure — playing a few minutes of the tape on a confidential basis to an author and an activist 
and discussion of some of the topics covered in the interview with 
attorney — were already 
fleshed out in Rush's initial affidavit. ld.11 3, 6, 7. The additional topics that Rush agrees may 
have been discussed with an investigator working with 
counsel which Rush has now 
recalled in his Supplementary Affidavit fl 2, 3, do not materially alter the contours of the issues 
before the Court with regard to waiver. But, in any event, with his recollection refreshed, Mr. 
Rush has now recalled the conversation with Fisten and allowed as possible that he mentioned the 
additional topics Fisten says Rush told him were discussed in the Epstein interview. 
Despite the fact that there are now no material differences, when provided in advance a 
copy of Rush's Supplementary Affidavit, 
counsel refused to withdraw the subpoena for an 
evidentiary hearing, unless Rush would stipulate to the accuracy of each and every allegation 
contained in the Affidavits of Messrs. Edwards and Fisten. Carroll Reply Ded. 1 11. Because 
their sworn statements contain factual and legal conclusions the accuracy of which Rush could not 
and would not stipulate to, as explained in more detail in Point I, 
gun-to-the-head demand 
was declined, requiring Rush to take still more time away from his reporting. 
We respectfully request that the Court not give 
an opportunity to further burden Rush 
for a hearing that would not assist the Court in resolving the issues before it. Accordingly, we ask 
that the subpoena for an evidentiary hearing be quashed. 
CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, the motion to quash the subpoenas to the Daily News, L.P. and 
George Rush should be granted or a Protective Order be issued. 
- 18 - 
EFTA00728031
--- PAGE 24 ---
Dated: New York, New York 
May 3.2010 
Respectfully submitted. 
DAILY NEWS, L.P. 
4C. 
Anne B. Carroll
Deputy General Counsel 
450 West 33rd Street, 3rd Floor 
, 
,bki,J2 
d/2 
Åa--
IIS 
Laura R. Handman, Esq. 
Davis Wright Tremaine LLP 
1633 Broadway 
New Y 
Attorneys for Movants Daily News, LP. 
and George Rush 
-19-
EFTA00728032

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728033.pdf
----------------------------------------
MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Date: 
APRIL 16, 2010 
To: 
RDC 
From: 
MLS 
RE: 
Consent to Battery Involving Criminal Sexual Activity 
This memorandum addresses the issue of consent as a defense to a civil action 
based upon criminalized sexual activity between a minor and adult. I have not had an 
opportunity to finish researching the Legislative History or additional §796.09 issues that 
you discussed with me this morning and later this afternoon. The question of whether a 
plaintiff in a civil action can use the criminal statute to negate consent will depend on the 
statute's underlying purpose. This particular issue is unsettled in Florida, as it appears 
to be in other jurisdictions as well, based on the particular language in the specific penal 
statute at issue. 
I. 
PRIVATE CAUSE OF ACTION 
Florida Statutes provide a cause of action for criminal prosecution for a) Sexual 
Battery (§794.011); b) Unlawful Sexual Activity (§794.05); and c) Lewd and Lascivious 
Offenses (§800.04(4-7)). However, none of these criminal statutes expressly provide 
for a private cause of action, based upon a violation of these statutes. In contrast, see 
§796.09, Florida Statutes, expressly provides a private civil cause of action.' 
With that said, generally speaking, consent will not be held to be a valid defense 
when it is obtained from an individual that lacks capacity to give consent, such as a 
' Faulkner v. Graske, 2008 WL 3832639 7 (S.D.Fla. 2008), relying on federal and Florida law, the 
Southern District of Florida dismissed the claims with prejudice finding that the claims were based upon 
violations of statutes that do not establish private rights of action. See also Horowitz v. Plantation 
General Hosp. Ltd. P'ship 959 So.2d 176, 182 (Fla.2007)(noting that under Florida law when determining 
whether a statute confers a private right of action a court must look at the legislative intent and that the 
primary guide to determining legislative intent is the plain language of the statute). 
EFTA00728033
--- PAGE 2 ---
minor child.2 Statutes that criminalize sexual activity with minors under certain ages 
(which vary) unilaterally deprive such individuals of the capacity to consent to such acts-
-as a matter of criminal law. 
The question of whether a plaintiff in a civil action can use the criminal statute to 
negate a consent defense will depend on the criminal statute's underlying purpose. In 
my research, I did not find a Florida case law that squarely addresses this issue. 
Moreover, case law from other jurisdictions evinces a prevailing view that cases 
concerning "statutory rape" or certain unlawful sexual activity or similar strict liability 
claims, imposing a strict liability age of consent, preclude a defendant from asserting 
consent as a defense in the incident civil action. Essentially, the courts do not allow the 
consent defense in civil actions, in cases arising out of strict liability criminal statutes 
where a Court determines that a minor child needs protection of such statutes. See 
e.g., Angie M. v. Superior Court 37 Cal. App. 4th 1217 (41h Dist. 1995)- Bohrer v. 
DeHart, 943 P.2d 1220, 1226-27 (Cob. Ct. App. 1996); Wilson v. Tobiassen, 97 Or. 
App. 527, 777 P.2d 1379 (1989); and Doe by Doe v. Greenville Hosp. System 323 S.C. 
33, 448 S.E.2d 564 (Ct. App. 1994). 
Here, Plaintiffs have filed civil actions alleging battery, without citing to specific 
criminal statutes. We must therefore argue that Florida law does not provide a private 
cause of action for so-called "sexual battery,"3 and thus a claim for battery, despite 
involving conduct of a sexual nature between a minor and adult, as a matter of law, falls 
within the purview of common law battery and its elements, thus preserving consent as 
a viable defense. Conceptually, prohibiting a defendant from asserting consent in a civil 
Generally, a "minor child" is defined as a child who is under the age of IS years old. 
In contrast, California legislature expressly provides a civil remedy in tort analogous to rape titled sexual 
battery, codified at Cal.Civ.Code §178.5 (West 1996). 
EFTA00728034
--- PAGE 3 ---
action, a court erroneously is imposing separate and distinct principles of the criminal 
statute (i.e., creating a private civil cause of action), and without any authority, applying 
them in a civil action.4 However, pragmatically speaking, it appears from my sample 
research, that courts are willing to prevent defendants from asserting a consent defense 
in the civil arena, cloaked under a "public policy" argument from the state Legislature to 
protect minors from sexual exploitation. 
To combat such an argument, I think we also need to inform the court that 
"deterrence and punishment for illegal acts should be left to the criminal law. The 
public's interest are sufficiently protected by the imposition of criminal sanctions . . . . 
Thus, civil actions for damages should be left to proceed under ordinary tort principles." 
Doe v. Mama's Taori's Premium Pizza, LLC, 2001 WL 327906 *21, 25-6 (Tenn. Ct. App. 
2001). 
II. 
IF COURT LOOKS TO UNDERLYING CRIMINAL STATUTE 
Assuming the Court rules against our argument, and looks to the underlying 
criminal statute to decide whether the minor had the capacity to consent to the sexual 
activity, the following hypotheticals set forth how the Court might rule upon the consent 
defense issue in a civil context. 
Scenario 1: A 50-year old male had a 14-year old female over his home, and he 
touched the breasts and/or buttocks of 14-year old over her clothing with no penetration. 
In this instance, consent to this touching would be a viable defense under 1) common 
4See Mantooth v. Richards 557 So.2d 646, 646 (Fla. 4th DCA 1990) (holding that a violation of a 
criminal statute did not afford a civil remedy); see also Gunn v. Robles 100 Fla. 816, 130 So. 463, 
463 (1930) ("Where a particular remedy is conferred by statute, it can be invoked only to the extent 
and in the manner prescribed."); cf. 48A Fla. Jur.2d Statutes § 227 (2000) ("In general, a statute that 
does not purport to establish a civil liability, but merely makes provision to secure the safety or 
welfare of the public as an entity, will not be construed as establishing a civil liability."). 
EFTA00728035
--- PAGE 4 ---
law battery and 2) if §794.011: "Sexual Battery" would be applied; however, because 
she was 14 years old, consent would not be an available defense under the age 
consent restrictions in §800.04 if the Court would apply the criminal standard. 
Scenario 2: 
A 50-year old man has a 14-year old female over to his house, she 
massages him and he penetrates her vagina by inserting a finger and/or other object. 
In this instance, consent to this touching would be a viable defense under 1) common 
law battery and 2) §794.011; however, because she was 14 years old, consent would 
not be an available defense under the age of consent restrictions set forth in §794.05 or 
§800.04 if the Court would apply the criminal standard. 
Scenario 3: A 50-year old man has a 14-year old female over to his home, where she 
massages him, but he does not touch her. Instead, he masturbates in her presence. 
Because there was no unlawful touching, there should be no battery claim; however, 
under a claim for Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress, Plaintiffs' will certainly try to 
get the Court to instruct the jury using §800.04, where consent would not be a defense. 
III. 
JURY INSTRUCTIONS 
Florida Standard Jury Instruction in Civil Cases for Battery (There is no "Sexual 
Battery" instruction): 
[Plaintiff] also makes a claim for battery against [Defendants]. 
A battery is an intentional infliction of harmful or offensive contact on the person 
of another. In order to find [Defendant] liable for a battery, you must find that 
Plaintiff has shown by the greater of the evidence that: 
(1) [Defendant] actually touched [Plaintiff]; 
(2) the contact was harmful or offensive to [Plaintiff]; and 
(3) [Defendant] intended such contact. 
EFTA00728036
--- PAGE 5 ---
If you find, however, that [Plaintiff] gave consent to [Defendant] for the alleged 
harmful or offensive contact, your verdict on [Plaintiffs] claim for battery should 
be for the Defendant. 
"Consent" is defined as willingness in fact for conduct to occur, and it may be 
manifested by action or inaction and need not be communicated to the actor. If 
words or conduct are reasonably understood by another to be intended as 
consent, they constitute apparent consent and are as effective as consent in 
fact." 
See Medina v. United Christian Evangelistic Association, et al, Case No. 08-22111-CIV-
COOKE/BANDSTRA (Jan. 27, 2010), applying Florida law to a battery involving sexual 
activity. 
My research has not located any cases where a jury was instructed any 
differently on a battery case involving a sexual battery case between a minor and adult. 
I will look at other standard jury instructions in other states to see if special instructions 
exist; and additionally, look for cases where money was paid by the adult to the minor 
for sexual activity. 
Bob, per our discussion, over the weekend, I will thoroughly research the Legislative 
Intent/History of the specific criminal statues addressed in this memorandum, which 
should shed more light on how a Florida court would address the issue. 
More 
specifically, it may explain the underlying reasoning for the Legislature's use of different 
ages of consent among the 3 statutes, §794.011 (Consent is a valid defense if minor at 
least 12 years old), and §794.05 (Consent is not a valid defense for a minor that is 16 
and 17 years old unless disabilities of age were removed under 743, Fla. Stat.), §800.04 
(Consent valid defense if minor is at least 16 years old). 
EFTA00728037

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728038.pdf
----------------------------------------
There are two judicial doctrines potentially implicated by the government's motion to 
seal: the common law right of access to public records and the First Amendment's right 
of access to judicial proceedings. Moreover, the applicability of the doctrines potentially 
depends upon the inquiry at issue—i.e., the sealing of documents versus the closing of 
the hearing(s) associated with the government's motion to disqualify. See United States 
v. Salemme, 985 F.Supp. 193, 194-95 (D.Mass. 1997) (noting Supreme Court has not 
definitively ruled whether First Amendment right of access encompasses right of access 
to documents as contrasted with trial proceedings); Riker v. Federal Bureau of Prisons, 
2009 WL 595943 (10th Cir.2009) ("The Supreme Court has not yet ruled that there is a 
constitutional right to access court documents."); In re Globe Newspaper Co., 727 F.2d 
47, 49 (13' Cir.1984) (finding a qualified First Amendment right of access to pretrial 
proceedings and, without discussion, to documents on which bail decisions are based); 
Globe Newspaper Company v. Pokaski, 868 F.2d 497, 502 (151 Cir.I989) (acknowledging 
that a First Amendment right of access to records submitted in connection with criminal 
proceedings exists in the First Circuit); Id. at 505 (concluding that "blanket prohibition on 
the disclosure of records of closed criminal cases of the types at issue here implicates the 
First Amendment"); Associated Press v. United States District Court, 705 F.2d 1143 (91h 
Cir.1983) (extending First Amendment right of access to documents filed in pretrial 
proceedings). In this case, continued sealing of the pleadings and the closing of the 
hearing(s) is warranted under both the common law and First Amendment. See In re 
Globe Newspaper Co., 727 F.2d at 52-53 ("In cases that arouse intense public interest . . . 
`adverse publicity can endanger the ability of the defendant to receive a fair trial.") 
(quoting Gannett Co. v. DePasquale, 443 U.S. 368, 378 (1979)). 
EFTA00728038
--- PAGE 2 ---
As the Court has previously observed, while "[t]here is at common law 'a general 
right to inspect and copy public records and documents,"' such a right "is not absolute." 
Salemme, 985 F.Supp. at 194-95, quoting Nixon v. Warner Communications, 435 U.S. 
589, 597, 98 S.Ct. 1306, 1312, 55 L.Ed.2d 570 (1978). Instead, "'judicial documents are 
presumptively available to the public, but may be sealed if the right to access is 
outweighed by the interests favoring nondisclosure." Salemme, 985 F.Supp. at 195, 
quoting United States v. McVeigh, 119 F.3d 806, 811 (10th Cir.1997). "Among the 
countervailing factors favoring nondisclosure are: (i) prejudicial pretrial publicity; (ii) the 
danger of impairing law enforcement or judicial efficiency; and (iii) the privacy interests 
of third parties." Salemme, 985 F.Supp. at 195, citing United States v. Amodeo, 71 F.3d 
1044, 1050 (2d Cir.1995); McVeigh, 119 F.3d at 813-14; In re Globe Newspaper Co., 729 
F.2d at 59. 
With regard to the First Amendment's right of access, in the decision styled 
United States v. Salemme, 985 F.Supp. 193, 195 (D.Mass.I997), the Court observed that 
the Supreme Court had not yet ruled definitively whether there was a First Amendment 
right of access to court documents and/or the scope of any such arguendo right: 
"There is not yet any definitive Supreme Court ruling on whether there is 
a [First Amendment] constitutional right [in addition to the common law 
right] of access to court documents and, if so, the scope of such right." 
United States v. McVeigh, 119 F.3d 806, 812 (10th Cir.1997). The Court 
of Appeals for the First Circuit has held that there is a qualified First 
Amendment right to access to pretrial proceedings in a criminal case and, 
without analysis, to related documents. See In re Globe Newspaper Co., 
729 F.2d 47, 59 (1st Cir.1984) (holding that public had a First Amendment 
right of access to bail proceedings and related documents in United States 
v. Anguilo, which was trumped by defendants' paramount interest in a fair 
trial where hearings and documents involved information derived from 
electronic surveillance that was subject to a motion to suppress); Globe 
Newspaper Co. v. Pokaski, 868 F.2d 497, 502 (1st Cir.1989) (holding that 
First Amendment is implicated in blanket restrictions on access to records 
EFTA00728039
--- PAGE 3 ---
of criminal cases not resulting in a conviction). In McVeigh, 119 F.3d at 
811-12, the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit recently surveyed the 
case law and expressed uncertainty whether it would apply First 
Amendment standards or the less stringent common law standards for 
justifying impoundment to determine the propriety of sealing documents 
involved in open judicial proceedings. Both the First Amendment and the 
common law standards require consideration of comparable factors in 
deciding the issue of impoundment. As this court finds that unsealing the 
documents now at issue is appropriate even under the less stringent 
common law standard for justifying impoundment, it is not necessary to 
engage in a First Amendment analysis as well. 
Salemme, 985 F.Supp. at 195, n.4. When applicable, the First Amendment right of access 
precludes sealing of documents and/or the closure of courtroom proceedings "unless 
specific, on the record findings are made demonstrating that `closure is essential to 
preserve higher values and is narrowly tailored to serve that interest.'" Press-Enterprise, 
478 U.S. at 13, quoting Press-Enterprise Co. v. Superior Court, 464 U.S. 501, 510 (1984) 
(Press-Enterprise I). 
The intersection of pretrial publicity and an accused's right to fair trial is an 
element for consideration under both the common law right to access and the First 
Amendment. See Salemme, 985 F.Supp. at 195 (citing prejudicial pretrial publicity as 
"[Song the countervailing factors favoring nondisclosure"); Press-Enterprise, 478 U.S. 
at 14 (after finding a qualified First Amendment right attached to preliminary hearings in 
California, Court held that if right of accused to fair trial is asserted, preliminary hearing 
should be closed if "there is a substantial probability that the defendant's right to a fair 
trial will be prejudiced by publicity that closure would prevent and, second, reasonable 
alternatives to closure cannot adequately protect the defendant's fair trial rights"); see 
also In re Globe Newspaper Co., 727 F.2d at 49 (finding that privacy and fair trial 
EFTA00728040
--- PAGE 4 ---
interests of the defendants outweighed public's interest in having access to bail 
proceedings). 
"When the rights of the accused and those of the public come irreconcilably into 
conflict, the accused's Sixth Amendment right to a fair trial must, as a matter of logic, 
take precedence over the public's First Amendment right of access to pretrial 
proceedings." In re Globe Newspaper Co., 727 F.2d at 53. Moreover, like the "strict 
regulation" afforded conversations intercepted by wiretap and at issue in In re Globe 
Newspaper Co., see In Re Globe Newspaper Co., 727 F.2d at 53-54, the strict rules 
regarding the disclosure of grand jury materials contained in Rule 6 of the Federal Rules 
of Criminal Procedure reflect both privacy and trial fairness issues, particularly given the 
ex parte nature of grand jury proceedings. 
EFTA00728041

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728042.pdf
----------------------------------------
draft-for discussion purposes only 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT 
MEMORANDUM 
TO: 
Denise Francois, Esq. 
FROM: 
Darren Indyke 
RE: 
Molyneux Complaint in the District Court of the Virgin Islands 
DATE: 
April 14, 2010 
In connection with my request for you to send Rosh D. Alger a Rule 11 letter, 
you have asked me to provide you with some background relating to Jeffrey's claims 
against Mr. Molyneux which lead to the improper filing of Molyneux's complaint in 
the United States District Court of the Virgin Islands. 
In May 2009, Molyneux fraudulently induced Jeffrey to resolve claims against 
Molyneux for, among other things, fraud and other serious misconduct relating to 
Architectural and Design and related services that Jeffrey paid Molyeux to perform 
but he never did. As part of that resolution, Molyneux returned to Jeffrey only a 
quarter of the more than $4 Million Jeffrey previously paid to Molyneux, claiming 
that he was experiencing a financial crisis and could not repay Jeffrey anything 
further. In lieu of monetary payment, Molyneux requested that he be allowed to 
provide items and services to complete the design, construction and exterior and 
interior design of the office pavilion presently under construction on Little St. James 
Island. The Agreement for Design Services attached to the Complaint, along with a 
separate Settlement Agreement between Jeffrey and Molyneux, are the result of 
Molyneux's request. 
For Jeffrey to accept Molyneux's request to provide items and services in lieu 
of payment to Jeffrey, the single most important requirement to Jeffrey was for 
Molyneux to deliver, install, restain and refinish the library cabinetry for the office 
pavilion that was then under construction. 
Jeffrey contracted with Molyneux in 
early 2006 to have this cabinetry custom built and finished with a dark walnut stain 
and a wax finish and then installed in the library of the office pavilion on the Island. 
At the time that Molyneux and Epstein began settlement negotiations three years 
later, the finished cabinetry still had not been delivered to the Island. 
The cabinetry was to be an exact duplicate of the cabinetry in the library of El 
Escorial in Spain. In order to ensure that it was reproduced in exacting detail, it was 
to be built in France by French craftsmen. While the cabinetry was under 
EFTA00728042
--- PAGE 2 ---
fabrication, Jeffrey repeatedly requested photos of the work, but Molyneux refused 
to provide them. When the cabinetry was supposedly completed, Molyneux insisted 
that it was too big to be assembled in France and had to be trucked to Italy for 
assembly. Jeffrey again requested pictures, but Molyneux would not allow anyone 
but Molyneux himself to take the pictures and delayed sending any pictures, 
claiming that he had to go to Italy himself to photograph the cabinetry. Jeffrey sent 
his representative to meet Molyneux in Italy and, over two years ago, finally 
received the first photos of the assembled finished cabinets. Immediately after 
Jeffrey received those photos, he understood why Molyneux would not send them 
earlier. The cabinets were of light oak rather than the dark stained walnut Jeffrey 
agreed to and paid a $390,000 deposit for. Moreover, we have discovered that the 
cabinets were not built in France, but were made by Italian carpenters in Italy. As 
soon as Jeffrey received the photographs of the assembled cabinetry, Jeffrey rejected 
them immediately. 
Jeffrey wanted the cabinets to be restained and refinished in Europe, but 
Molyneux insisted that they be delivered to the Island and refinished on site. He 
assured Jeffrey that the refinished cabinets would be 100% to Jeffrey's satisfaction. 
It was on this basis that Jeffrey agreed to allow Molyneux to repay Jeffrey with 
services and deliverables instead of money. Jeffrey needed the cabinets to complete 
the office pavilion that was already under construction, wanted to avoid wasting 
further time and the substantial costs of further delays (having already incurred 
significant delays and costs directly attributable to Mr. Molyneux's misconduct) 
involved in starting the process all over again. So, Jeffrey allowed Molyneux deliver, 
install, restain and refinish the cabinets and otherwise complete the office pavilion 
in lieu of making additional payments. 
The Agreement for Design Services attached to the complaint requires 
Molyneux to provide, among other things, the skilled labor and supervision and the 
payment of all expenses and disbursements in connection therewith, necessary for 
the proper installation, restaining and refinishing of office cabinetry in the office 
pavilion on Little St. James Island. As provided in the Agreement for Design Services 
(see Exhibit B), this includes travel, lodging, food, incidentals and any other installer 
expenses. Exhibit B also makes clear that staining and refinishing the cabinetry is to 
be at no cost to Jeffrey. Although the cabinetry has been delivered and installed, it is 
defective in numerous respects and it has not been restained and refinished as 
required. The invoiced amount for the cabinetry alone was $780,000. Thus, to the 
extent that Molyneux's so-called damages are attributable to his expenditures on the 
cabinetry, these are not damages but costs of performing his obligations under the 
Agreement for Design Services. Finally, the Agreement for Design Services requires 
that the Office Pavilion be completed to Jeffrey's reasonable satisfaction, so to the 
extent that Molyneux may have incurred additional expenses to satisfy this 
requirement, those expenses too are his obligations under the Agreement for Design 
Services. There have been ample emails and letters exchanged between the parties 
to document both the defects in the Cabinetry and the fact that the cabinetry 
remains to be restained and refinished. 
EFTA00728043
--- PAGE 3 ---
In addition, the Agreement for Design Services requires Molyneux to deliver 
furniture and furnishings and other decorative items and services, the cost of which 
Molyneux has claimed exceed $250,000. These items and services were to be 
applied against a $250K credit that Epstein has with Molyneux as provided in the 
Agreement for Design Services. Moreover, to the extent the cost of these items and 
services exceeded that credit, under Section 5 of the Agreement for Design Services, 
the items and services were still to be provided at no additional cost to Jeffrey. Thus 
to the extent that the alleged $300K of damages consists of these items and services, 
then Molyneux's claim for damages is also fabricated in that respect 
The original deadline under the Agreement for Design Services to complete 
all of this work was January 1, 2010 and, as evidence of Jeffrey's good faith and 
cooperation with Molyneux, Jeffrey agreed to extend that deadline twice to enable 
Molyneux to satisfy his obligations. The final agreed deadline is April 15, 2010. I 
note that Molyneux included no evidence of those two extensions in the attachment 
to his complaint, which clearly misleads the court as to what transpired in this 
matter. 
Although the deadline was twice extended, and Molyneux had almost a year 
since the date of the Agreement for Design Services to correct any defects in the 
cabinetry, Molyneux's subcontractors had still not completed correcting the defects 
in the cabinetry by March 18, 2010. They returned to the Island on March 18, less 
than one month before the twice extended deadline was to expire, supposedly to 
complete the correction of these defects, but performed only superficial work, 
leaving the cabinetry still in shoddy and defective condition. Molyneux also claims 
that he brought his subcontractors to the site to refinish the cabinetry, but could not 
do so because the ambient humidity levels in the library and moisture content of the 
furniture exceeded certain requirements. Unfortunately, the first time Molyenux 
ever mentioned those requirements to Jeffrey was when he came to the Island on 
March 18. Though it was his and his subcontractor's responsibility as the designer 
and refinishers, respectively, to advise Jeffrey's team of these requirements, so that 
the cabinets and the room were prepared for their arrival, neither Molyneux nor his 
refinishers did so. Instead, Molyneux sought to blame Jeffrey for Molyneux's and his 
refinishers' own failures. 
It now appears that this was all an elaborate sham. After receiving notice 
that the cabinetry could not be refinished supposedly because of excessive humidity 
and moisture, Jeffrey sent wood experts to the Island to inspect the situation. 
Among the numerous problems reported by the wood experts was the fact that the 
cabinetry wood had been limed. Apparently, liming is one alternative technique to 
make wood appear to be antique, but it was never agreed to by Jeffrey and never 
mentioned in any of the purchase orders for the cabinets. Apart from the fact that 
the liming itself was done in a shoddy and unprofessional manner, once limed, the 
wood could not be restained and refinished. Dark stain and finish would not take to 
the wood once it was limed. The wood would have to be stripped and sanded, 
EFTA00728044
--- PAGE 4 ---
further worsening the already poor condition of the fabricated cabinetry with no 
reasonable likelihood that the restained and refinished product could achieve the 
originally agreed to result 
Molyneux knew that the wood was limed when he promised that he could 
restain and refinish the cabinetry on site 100% to Jeffrey's satisfaction. He knew 
this when he induced Jeffrey to resolve his claims against Molyneux and allow 
Molyneux to complete the Office Pavilion in lieu of making further payment. 
Molyneux knew that he would be unable to restain and refinish the cabinetry to 
Jeffrey's satisfaction, when he induced Jeffrey to sign the Settlement Agreement to 
release Molyneux for past misconduct and enter into the Agreement for Design 
Services. 
After securing his settlement and releases, Molyneux then dragged his feet in 
performing the Agreement for Design Services for almost a year, knowing full well 
that he would never be able to deliver the finished cabinetry to Jeffrey's reasonable 
satisfaction. After executing the Agreement for Design Services, Molyneux literally 
took months to respond to Jeffrey's repeated requests for multiple dark stain 
samples with different finishes and then provided Jeffrey with one wholly 
inadequate light stain sample which Jeffrey immediately rejected. Jeffrey again 
repeatedly requested multiple finished wood samples of different dark stains and 
different finishes. Several weeks later, Molyneux sent Jeffrey only a single sample 
board which, inexplicably, showed 5 virtually indistinguishable light stains with the 
exact same finish. Jeffrey rightfully rejected this sample board as well, and, 
astonishingly, Molyneux's counsel claimed that Jeffrey, rather than Molyneux, was 
being unreasonable and acting in bad faith. 
At the 11'h hour, on or about March 22, 2010, when Molyneux knew well that 
he would be unable to extend the completion deadline any further, he raised claims 
about the humidity levels and moisture content in the office pavilion to excuse his 
failure to restain and refinish the cabinetry. On March 25, 2010, Molyneux's counsel 
sent me a memo citing Jeffrey's failure to appear on Island on March 22 as evidence 
that Jeffrey sought to frustrate Molyneux's performance of his contract. I responded 
with my own letter on March 31, 2010, advising that I had personally seen the 
cabinetry, that I had found the cabinetry to be in shoddy and defective condition 
(which it was), and that it was Molyneux's, and not Jeffrey's, responsibility to 
prepare the cabinetry and office pavilion for the restaining. I also noted that 
Jeffrey's inability to be present on the Island did not excuse any of this. I advised 
Molyneux's counsel that Jeffrey would file suit after the 10 day cure period if the 
problems were not resolved by the April 15 deadline. For the sole purpose of 
heading off suit in the VI Superior Court, Molyneux had his local attorney file this 
ridiculous claim in Federal court. 
Additionally, I note that although frustration of performance may be an 
affirmative defense to a claim for breach under the Agreement for Design Services, I 
am not sure that it constitutes a separate cause of action in the Virgin Islands, 
EFTA00728045
--- PAGE 5 ---
especially where the only claim of damages is for moneys Molyneux was required to 
spend to perform his obligations under that very Agreement Consequently, this 
alone may be a basis to demand that Alger dismiss or face Rule 11 sanctions. 
Morover, Section 20 of the Agreement for Design Services provides that the 
existence, terms and consideration paid pursuant to the Agreement for Design 
Services are strictly confidential and that the Agreement for Design Services will not 
be filed in any court except to enforce the Agreement for Design Services or the 
Settlement Agreement. 
If Molyneux has no real claims to enforce, then his 
disclosure of the Agreement for Design Services and attaching that to the Complaint 
are themselves a violation of the Agreement for Design Services. This may also be 
helpful in your demand to Mr. Alger. 
EFTA00728046

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728047.pdf
----------------------------------------
GEORGE V. DELSON ASSOCIATES 
OFFICE MEMORANDUM 
TO: 
Harry Beller 
FROM: GVD 
COPIES TO: 
JEE 
DATE: October 26, 2010 
PRIORITY STATUS: Routine 
SUBJECT: 
FTC/JEE Bear Stearns Stock Transaction 
This memorandum is intended to summarize the facts and accounting treatment of 
the above. 
A. The Relevant Facts: 
1. 
On or about July 14, 2005, FTC purchased 100,000 shares of Bear 
Steams ("BS") stock at a cost of $10,626,000 (106.26 per share). 
2. 
On or about October 25, 2005, FTC, pursuant to instructions from 
JEE, transferred the 100,000 shares of BS stock to GM. 
3. 
The transfer to GM has been recorded by FTC on its books as "Stock 
Loan Receivable" from JEE in the amount of $10,626,000. 
4. 
The transfer to GM has been treated by JEE and GM as a gift from 
JEE to GM on October 25, 2005. 
5. 
On or about March 14, 2008, GM sold the shares gifted to her for a 
price of $3,199,974. 
885 Second Avenue, New York, NY 10017 
Telephone 212-355-2404 Fax 212-355-2405 
EFTA00728047
--- PAGE 2 ---
6. 
Dividends from BS received by GM were as follows: 
2006 
$112,000 
2007 
128,000 
2008 
32.000 
Total 
$272,000 
7. 
On or about May 31, 2008, BS was merged into JP Morgan Chase 
("JPM") with JPM the survivor; each BS shareholder receiving in exchange for 
one share of BS stock, .21753 shares of JPM stock. Thus, JEE could no longer 
return the BS stock; he could only return the equivalent number of JPM shares. 
8. 
Dividends received by GM on JPM stock were a total of $108,765. 
9. 
On or about September 22, 2010, JEE purchased 21,753 shares of 
JPM stock and had same "delivered to FTC thereby returning the BS loan 
equivalent in JPM stock. 
10. On or about September 22, 2010, JEE paid $380,765 to FTC the 
amount equal to the dividends paid by BS and JPM during the stock loan period. 
(See items A.6 and A.8). 
B. Substantive Position 
The facts related above come down to, in substance the following: 
I. FTC had a position in BS stock; 
2. JEE wanted to make a gift to GM; 
EFTA00728048
--- PAGE 3 ---
3. He borrowed the BS stock from FTC; 
4. He completed the gift by borrowing the BS stock from FTC and having 
same it delivered to GM; 
5. He could not return BS stock to FTC because of the merger; 
6. He returned the equivalent by purchasing JPM stock and delivering 
same to FTC; 
C. Required Accounting Entries 
Since JEE has returned the stock he borrowed by delivering JPM stock (the 
equivalent of the BS stock), he no longer has an obligation to FTC. The basis to 
FTC of the JPM stock will be the basis of the BS stock on the books of FTC. (See 
item A.1., supra) FTC has no gain or loss until it disposes of the JPM stock. 
Since FTC was "repaid" the original BS stock loan with equivalent JPM 
stock, there are no further accounting entries to be made unless and until it 
disposes of the JPM stock. At that time it will realize a gain or loss by reference to 
the original BS basis -- $10,626,000. 
As to JEE, there should have been recorded on his books, the borrowing of 
the BS stock on July 14, 2005, as a stock loan payable and the ultimate satisfaction 
thereof, by return of JPM stock, consistent with FTC entries. 
EFTA00728049
--- PAGE 4 ---
D. Discussion 
Since this loan was satisfied by property having a cost less than the 
borrowed stock, it may be suggested that there is a gain to JEE equal to the 
difference between the market value of the BS stock borrowed and the cost to 
return it. However, there is no "taxable" transaction to which this can be related. 
Even if, as a matter of "economics", JEE's financial position has "improved", then 
it is not the result of a tax "recognized" transaction. Any increase in net worth to 
be recognized to JEE is attributable to the gift transaction which is not an income 
tax transaction. It should be recorded as an increase in his personal equity and not 
the result of a taxable gain. 
Had he used the borrowed stock to "close" a "short sale", then he would 
have realized a gain. But he did not do so — he used it to make a gift. NO GAIN 
OR LOSS IS RECOGNIZED FROM MAKING A GIFT! 
Any balance remaining in the stock loan account on JEE's books should be 
transferred to equity. 
EFTA00728050

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728051.pdf
----------------------------------------
TROUTMAN 
SANDERS 
Memorandum 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Darren Indyke 
From: 
Steve Rinehart 
Bennet Moskowitz 
Date: 
May 26, 2010 
Re: 
Potential Arbitrators 
We set below our thoughts on the proposed arbitrators from JAMS. Based on the following, we 
would strike Judges Carpinello and Welsh. We rank the remaining judges as follows: (1) Judge 
Roberts; (2) Judge Lifland; (3) Judge Crane. 
1. Hon. Anthony J. Carpinello: A review of reported cases over which Judge Carpinello 
presided does not demonstrate the same depth of experience with complex securities 
litigation as some of the other choices (e.g., Lifland and Roberts). Judge Carpinello was a 
state court justice in the Third Judicial District, which includes Albany, Rensselaer, Ulster, 
Columbia, Greene, Schoharie and Sullivan Counties. The kinds of cases that come up in the 
Third District usually are not nearly as sophisticated as cases that arise in New York County. 
2. Hon. Stephen G. Crane: Judge Crane has an excellent reputation and has presided over 
thousands of cases. Judge Crane was one of the first judges appointed to the Commercial 
Division of Supreme Court, New York County, which handles sophisticated business 
disputes. Later he served as an appellate judge on the Appellate Division, Second 
Department. However, we do not see a great deal of experience with securities matters. 
From 1981 to 1984, Judge Crane was a criminal court judge. Further, as an Appellate 
Division judge, he heard many cases involving registered sex offenders. 
3. Hon. John C. Lifland: Judge Lifland has extensive experience with complex securities 
cases. He has a reputation for thorough preparation and fairness. Accordingly, Judge Lifland 
should not be considered a bad choice solely because of his political affiliations. 
4. Hon. Kathleen A. Roberts: Judge Roberts, like Judge Crane, has an excellent reputation. 
She is a popular choice as an arbitrator and thus limits her work to significant, complex 
matters. That said, bear in mind that Judge Roberts was in the criminal division of the U.S. 
Attorney's office, and may have been involved in cases implicating matters similar to those 
at issue in Jeffrey's Florida-based cases. 
5. Hon. Diane M. Welsh: Judge Welsh was a Magistrate Judge in the Eastern District of 
Pennsylvania and dealt with many cases involving prisoners' habeas petitions. Her 
experience does not recommend her for a case of this nature. 
EFTA00728051

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728052.pdf
----------------------------------------
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
MEMORANDUM 
TO: 
Martin Weinberg, Esq. 
FROM: 
Darren Indyke 
RE: 
D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund 
DATE: 
January 28, 2010 
Jeffrey's wholly owned Virgin Islands corporation, Financial Trust Company, 
Inc., and its subsidiary, Jeepers, Inc. (collectively, "Jeepers"), are attempting to 
recover approximately $150 MM of investments in D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities 
Fund, L.P., a New York based investment fund now in liquidation. Jeffrey attempted 
to withdraw the full amount of these investments from this fund beginning in 
September 2006, but was prevented from doing so through a combination of, among 
other things, misrepresentations, breaches of fiduciary duty and breaches of 
contract by the fund, its general partner, its investment manager and certain 
principals thereof. 
The fund subsequently froze withdrawals and went into 
liquidation, during which time, the net asset value of the fund's assets are claimed to 
have decreased substantially and recovery of Jeepers' investments has been placed 
at substantial risk 
In an initial effort to resolve Jeepers' claims for, among other things, fraud, 
breach of fiduciary duty, breach of contract, and promissory estoppel against the 
fund, its general partner, its investment manager and certain principals thereof, on 
April 8, 2009, Jeffrey and Jeepers entered into a contingent settlement agreement, 
which, among other things, provided for a tolling and stand-still of Jeepers' claims 
until December 31, 2009. In the event that Jeepers did not receive full payment of 
the appreciated value of two tranches (subsequently valued by the fund at 
approximately $45 MM) of its investments by that deadline, Jeepers would be 
entitled to cancel the settlement agreement and pursue any and all claims against 
the fund, its general partner, its investment manager and such principals. 
As the December 31, 2009 deadline approached, it became more and more 
apparent that no payment would be made to Jeepers and it became necessary to 
formulate a strategy to pursue Jeepers' claims, once the deadline passed. To that 
end, Jeffrey's counsel, Susman Godfrey, arranged for a meeting on December 3, 2009 
at the offices of Davis Polk, counsel for a fund principal, at which Davis Polk would 
permit Jeffrey and his counsel to review certain material documents related to the 
fund and Jeepers' claims. As indicated in Susman Godfrey's letter to Jeffrey dated 
November 24, 2009, Jeffrey's presence at the meeting was necessary because Davis 
Polk would only allow Jeffrey and his counsel to view those documents at Davis 
Polk's offices and would not permit those documents to be copied or removed from 
the office. 
EFTA00728052
--- PAGE 2 ---
The meeting was helpful but due to obvious time constraints, Jeffrey's time at 
the meeting was cut short, and by letter dated December 7, 2009, Susman Godfrey 
informed Jack Goldberger that considerable time would be required for this case 
and that Jeffrey's presence would be needed in New York again to review 
considerable additional documents and to interview potential witnesses, who reside 
in New York, in order to move the case forward. 
As anticipated, Jeepers received no payment by the December 31, 2009 
deadline, and on January 5, 2010, Jeepers canceled the settlement agreement. 
Jeffrey and Jeepers are now moving forward to pursue Jeepers' claims. 
A copy of the settlement agreement is attached for your review. Copies of the 
letters from Susman Godfrey were previously emailed to you. 
EFTA00728053

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728054.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728054.pdf
----------------------------------------
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
MEMORANDUM 
To: 
Sheryl Reich, Esq. 
From: Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Re: 
Cordero v. Epstein - Appeal 
Date: May 4, 2009 
Kirkland & Ellis has been retained in connection with the Cordero appeal. It 
is my understanding that Kirkland & Ellis has been in contact with you regarding 
this matter and you are authorized to speak with them regarding the same. In 
addition, you are authorized to send the Cordero case file to Kirkland & Ellis in 
accordance with instructions you receive from Kirkland & Ellis. 
EFTA00728054

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728055.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728055.pdf
----------------------------------------
STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
This MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING ("MOU") dated this 
day of 
October, 2010, is among: 
(I) 
Jeffrey Epstein, with an address at 
(the "Lender"); 
(2) 
Giuseppe Cipriani, with an address at 10 London Mews, London, United Kingdom W2 
1HY ("GC"); 
(3) 
Livio Bisterzo, with an address at 
("LB"); and 
(4) 
Refifi Ltd., a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 
07310768 and registered office at 10 London Mews, London, United Kingdom W2 1HY 
(the "Company"). 
(each a "Party" and together the "Parties"). 
RECITALS 
(A) 
The Lender has agreed to advance the total sum of Eight Hundred Thousand BPS 
(£800,000) to GC on the terms set out in this legally binding MOU, by way of a secured 
loan (the "Loan"). 
(B) 
GC is the sole owner and director of the Company. 
(C) 
LB in experienced in providing operational, managerial and promotional services to 
operations similar to the Club (as herein defined). 
(D) 
The purpose of the Loan to GC, is such that GC will use the funds as capital for the 
Company, in order to establish a new business, to wit, a club to be established in the 
Mayfair area of London, United Kingdom (the "Club"). 
(E) 
The Parties agree that in connection with the Loan, GC will issue to Lender, a Promissory 
Note (the "Note"), together with certain security which will be provided to the Lender as 
set out herein. 
(F) 
The Parties agree that in connection with the Club, GC and LB have sufficient expertise 
in order to manage and operate same. 
EFTA00728055
--- PAGE 2 ---
STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
(G) 
In consideration of the Loan, and the expertise of LB in providing operational, 
managerial and promotional services to the Club, the Company agrees to provide an 
option of ownership to Lender and LB as set forth herein. 
(H) 
The Parties have agreed to enter into this MOU to set out the principal terms of the 
transactions and the basis on which the Lender will advance the Loan. The terms of this 
MOU are legally binding on the Parties, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing. 
1. 
Loan to GC 
1.1 
The Loan is advanced upon the following terms: 
(a) 
The total principal amount of the Loan is £800,000 BPS (the "Principal 
Sum") will be secured, among the security set forth in clause 2 herein, by 
the Note. The Note shall reflect all of the terms set forth in subsections (c) 
through (0 herein. 
(b) 
The term of the Loan shall be for period of three (3) years, beginning on 
October 
2010 and the Principal Sum and all outstanding interest and 
any other sums due under the Loan, shall be due and payable on or before 
October 
, 2013 (the "Maturity Date"). 
(e) 
Interest shall accrue on the outstanding Principal Sum at a rate equal to 
eight (10%) percent, per annum (the "Interest Rate") (computed on the 
basis of actual days elapsed and a year of 360 days). 
(d) 
The Principal Sum, together with all accrued interest, may be paid by 
Borrower in whole or in part at any time prior to the Maturity Date 
without penalty. 
(e) 
The non-repayment of (i) the Loan beyond any applicable notice and cure 
periods, or (ii) the failure to execute or deliver the documents that are 
agreed to be delivered by the Borrower to the Lender under Section 2.1 of 
this legally binding MOU and were not delivered upon the signing of this 
MOU will constitute an "Event of Default." Borrower will have 10 
business (10) days' notice to cure any Event of Default. 
Upon the 
EFTA00728056
--- PAGE 3 ---
STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
occurrence of an Event of Default which Borrower fails to timely cure, 
then Lender may, at its sole option, declare all unpaid indebtedness under 
the Loan immediately due and payable without notice or demand. While 
the Loan is in default, the Note shall bear interest at a rate of 13% (herein 
the "Default Rate"). Borrower agrees to waive all demands for payment, 
presentation for payment, notices of intentions to accelerate maturity, 
notices of acceleration of maturity, protests, and notices of protest, to the 
extent permitted by law. 
(0 
Security for the Loan will be provided as set out in clause 2. 
(g) 
The Note and Pledge and Security Agreement shall be the "Loan 
Documents". 
2. 
Security for the Loan 
2.1 
In consideration of the Loan, Borrower has agreed to provide, and the Lender has 
agreed to accept, the following Security: 
(a) 
a pledge by GC of 100% of the shares in the Company ("Pledge and 
Security Agreement"); 
(b) 
The Borrower covenants that any documents not delivered together with 
this legally binding MOU shall be delivered to the Lender in a form 
satisfactory to the Lender (including without limitation with respect to 
representations and warranties and Events of Default) executed by the 
persons with the proper authority to sign them and bind the Borrower no 
later the Completion Date. 
2.2 
On repayment of the Loan in full, the Lender shall promptly release all of the 
Security set out at clause 2.1 above. 
3. 
Timing 
3.1 
The Parties agree that time is of the essence with respect to the Loan, and 
therefore agree that they will work together in good faith to complete the legal 
documentation to implement the terms contained herein as quickly as possible 
EFTA00728057
--- PAGE 4 ---
STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
3.2 
The Parties will use their respective best efforts to complete the related 
documents for the Loan on or before November 1, 2010 ("Completion Date"). 
4. 
Management Agreement NN ith the Company 
4.1 
The Company will enter in a Management Agreement with GC and LB (and/or to 
a company owned and operated by each of them), for the management, operation 
and promotion of the Club. 
4.2 
The Management Agreement shall provide for payment of management fee in the 
total sum of £200,000 per annum, split equally between GC and LB for the 
management and operation of the Club. Terms of the Management Agreement are 
provided for therein. 
5. 
Option To Purchase Shares of the Company 
5.1 
The Company agrees to enter into an Option Agreement, which will provide that 
whereupon no Event of Default exists under the Loan, and the Loan is repaid in full, then 
(i) LB will have an option to purchase up to 25% of the total ownership of the 
Company,(ii) and the remaining 75% ownership will be owned as follows: by Lender 
(51% of the 75%) and by GC (49% of the 75%), either individually or through a 
corporate vehicle to be established by Lender and/or GC at the time of exercise of the 
option. 
6. 
Miscellaneous 
6.1 
Completion shall be conditional on the following: 
(a) 
A Promissory Note shall be issued to Lender; 
(b) 
(c) 
A Pledge and Security Agreement shall be executed by the GC, and 
acknowledged by the Company, in favour of Lender; 
The Company will undertake to effectuate the security interest provided 
for in the Pledge and Security Agreement; 
(d) 
The Management Agreement between the Company and GC and LB shall 
be executed; 
EFTA00728058
--- PAGE 5 ---
STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
(e) 
The Option Agreement shall be executed by the Parties; and 
(f) 
All the principal documents referred to above being entered into, on or 
before the Completion Date; 
6.2 
This MOU is confidential and not to be disclosed by any Party to any person or 
entity without the other Party's prior written consent except as required by law or 
to their advisers. 
6.3 
Each Party is responsible for their own attorneys' fees and costs in connection 
with the making of the Loan and any additional costs, fees, expenses relating to 
this MOU and the definitive agreements which are required pursuant to this 
MOU. 
6.4 
This MOU, the Loan Documents, Management Agreement and Option 
Agreement constitute the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior agreements and 
understandings, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof or thereof. Any 
promises, representations, warranties or guarantees not herein contained and 
hereinafter made shall have no force and effect unless in writing signed by the 
applicable Parties hereto. 
Each Party hereto acknowledges that it has been 
advised by its/his own counsel in connection with the negotiation and execution 
of this MOU, the Loan Documents, Management Agreement and Option 
Agreement and is not relying upon oral representations or statements inconsistent 
with the terms and provisions hereof. 
6.5 
This MOU shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal 
laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of 
law. The Parties hereby agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any court 
of competent jurisdiction sitting in County of New York, in respect of any action, 
suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this MOU and/or the transactions 
contemplated hereby, and hereby waive any objection which any party may have 
to the laying of venue in any such court. The parties hereby waive any rights for 
Jury Trial in any action regarding this MOU. 
EFTA00728059
--- PAGE 6 ---
STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
We agree to the above as of the date set forth herein: 
For and on behalf of Refifi Ltd. 
Giuseppe Cipriani 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Livio Bisterzo 
EFTA00728060

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728061.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
IN RE APPLICATION FOR CPLR 3102(E) ORDER 
TO PRODUCE TAPE RECORDING 
 x 
I 
Index No. 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
IN SUPPORT OF MOTION FOR CPLR 3102(E) 
ORDER TO PRODUCE TAPE RECORDING 
Robert Y. Lewis 
Freeman Lewis LLP 
228 East 45th Street, 17th Floor 
New York. New York 10017 
Tel: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
(Motion for Pro Hac Vice 
Admission Pending) 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake Ci 
Utah 84112 
Tel.: 
Fax: 
E-Mail 
Counsel for Bradley James Edwards 
EFTA00728061
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
FACTUAL AND PROCEDURAL BACKGROUND 
I. 
EPSTEIN'S SEXUAL ABUSE OF MINOR GIRLS AND HIS CRIMINAL 
PROSECUTION 
II. 
THE CIVIL ACTIONS AGAINST EPSTEIN FOR SEXUAL 
MOLESTATION OF MINOR GIRLS AND ASSERTION OF THE FIFTH 
AMENDMENT BY EPSTEIN AND OTHERS 
III. 
THE DAILY NEWS' RECORDED CONVERSATON WITH EPSTEIN 
ABOUT HIS SEXUAL MOLESTATION AND ITS DISCLOSURE OF THE 
CONTENTS OF RECORED CONVERSATION TO THIRD PARTIES 
IV. 
EPSTEIN'S ACTION AGAINST EDWARDS AND EDWARDS' 
COUNTERCLAIM 
V. 
FEDERAL COURT ORDER FOR PRODUCTION OF THE RECORDING ? 
VI. 
EPSTEIN'S INVOCATION OF THE FIFTH IN THE EDWARDS ACTION 
AND FLORIDA COURT ORDER FOR PRODUCTION OF 
THE RECORDING  
ARGUMENT 
I. 
THE DAILY NEWS HAS WAIVED ANY PRIVILEGE THAT MIGHT 
OTHERWISE ATTACH TO THE TAPE RECORDING OF JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN BY PLAYING THE TAPE TO THREE PEOPLE AND 
DESCRIBING ITS CONTENTS IN DETAIL TO (AT LEAST) 
TWO MORE 
A. Like Other Privileges, a Journalist's Privilege Can Be Waived 
B. The Daily News Has Waived Any Privilege in the Tape Recording 
by Playing It for Three People and Describing It in Detail to Others 
II. 
ANY QUALIFIED JOURNALIST'S PRIVILEGE OF THE DAILY NEWS 
IS OVERCOME BY JANE DOE'S CLEAR AND COMPELLING 
NEED TO OBTAIN JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S OWN WORDS ABOUT 
HIS SEXUAL ABUSE AND LACK OF REMORSE 
i 
EFTA00728062
--- PAGE 3 ---
A. The Epstein Interview is Highly Material and Relevant to Edwards' 
Defense of the Civil Suit Against him for Fabricating Sexual Abuse 
Claims and Critical to His Counterclaim Seeking Compensatory and 
Punitive Damages 
B. The Words Out of Epstein's Own Mouth Are Unique and Not Obtainable 
from Other Sources 
III. 
THE COURT SHOULD EXAMINE THE RECORDING IN CAMERA 
CONCLUSION 
ii 
EFTA00728063
--- PAGE 4 ---
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES 
Cases 
Application of Ayliff and Companies, 
166 A.D.2d 223, 224 (1st Dept. 1990) 
Cooper Indus., Inc. v. Leatherman Tool Group, Inc., 
532 U.S. 424 (2001) 
Doe No. 102 v. Epstein, 
No. 9:09-CV-80656-1CAM (S. D. Fla. 2009) 
Engle v. Liggett Group, Inc., 
fn. 2 
945 So.2d 1246 (Fla. 2006) 
E.W. v. Epstein, Case No. 502008CA028XXXMBAB 
(Florida Circuit Court) 
Gonzales v. Nat? Broad Co., Inc., 
194 F.3d 29 (2d Cir. 1999) 
In re Horowitz, 
482 F.2d 72 (2s  Cir. 1973) 
In re Steinhardt Partners, L.P., 
F.3d 230 (2d Cir. 1993) 
Jane Doe v. Epstein, No. 9:08-cv-80893-Marra 
(United States District Court S.D. Fla. 2008) 
4, 14 
L.M. v. Epstein, Case No. 502008CA02805DOCXXMBAB 
(Florida Circuit Court) 
New York Times Newspaper v. Lehrer McGovern Bovis, Inc., 
300 A.D.2d 169, 752 N.Y.S.2d 642 (N.Y.A.D. 2002) 
People v. Fentress, 
103 Misc.2d 179, 425 N.Y.S.2d 485, (N.Y. Co. Sup. Ct. 1980) 
People v. Osorio, 
N.Y.2d 80, 84, 549 N.E.2d 1183 (N.Y. 1989) 
United States v. Jacobs, 
117 F.3d 82 (2d Cir. 1997) 
iii 
EFTA00728064
--- PAGE 5 ---
United States v. Sanusi, 
813 F. Supp. 149 (E.D.N.Y. 1992) 
fn. 4 
Statutes 
U.S.C. § 2255 
CPLR 3102(e) 
passim 
N.Y. Civil Rights Law § 79-h(g) (McKinney 2010) 
11, 14 
iv 
EFTA00728065
--- PAGE 6 ---
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
Bradley Edwards seeks an order pursuant to CPLR 3102(e) for production of a 
tape recording of a conversation between a Daily News reporter and billionaire Jeffrey Epstein 
concerning Epstein's molestation of minor girls, which is the central issue in a pending Florida 
lawsuit between Epstein and Edwards. 
By way of background, in 2008, Edwards, a lawyer, filed lawsuits on behalf of three girls 
against Epstein to recover actual and punitive damages for Epstein's sexual assaults. As the 
cases proceeded, however, Epstein blocked all substantive discovery against him about his 
sexual abuse of young girls by invoking his Fifth Amendment right to silence — thereby 
functionally denying the allegations that the girls made. As a result of this barrier, the girls 
(represented by Edwards) were unable to obtain any admission from Epstein that he sexually 
abused them while they were minors. The girls were also unable to obtain any evidence to prove 
Epstein's lack of remorse for this abuse, a showing critical for securing substantial punitive 
damages. 
In the fall of 2009, Michael Fisten, an investigator working for Edwards, heard from an 
author that Daily News reporter George Rush had made a recording of Epstein discussing the 
sexual abuse of minor girls. The author told Fisten that Rush had played the recording for her 
and two other persons. The author concluded: "You've got to get that tape." Fisten then called 
Rush. Rush described the tape at great length to Fisten, including damning admissions made by 
Epstein. Rush also later called Brad Edwards and again described the salient parts of the tape — 
including statements by Epstein about "coming close to crossing a line" concerning sex with 
underage girls, while blaming them for the abuse. 
EFTA00728066
--- PAGE 7 ---
Several months ago, one of the three girls -- Jane Doe -- filed a proper subpoena for the 
tape in the United States District Court for the South District of New York. In response, on April 
7, 2010, Rush and the Daily News filed a motion to quash, claiming that the tape recording is 
somehow protected by a journalist's privilege. In June 2010, the District Court (McKenna, J.,) 
rejected that argument, finding that, in view of its importance. the tape was properly discoverable 
despite the claim of journalist privilege. 
The Daily News then took an appeal to the Second Circuit. While the appeal was 
pending, however, the underlying civil suit by Jane Does (as well as the other two girls) settled, 
leading to an automatic vacation of the district court ruling. 
Meanwhile, litigation has proceeded on a parallel track on another lawsuit — this one filed 
by Jeffrey Epstein against the girls' attorney, Brad Edwards, alleging abuse of process for filing 
fabricated claims against him. (Edwards has filed a malicious prosecution counter-claim against 
Epstein.) Edwards and Epstein continue to be in litigation on these issues. Accordingly, 
Edwards recently sought a copy of the recording and, on August 3, 2010, obtained an order from 
a Florida Commissioner for the appointment of a New York Commissioner to procure the Tape. 
The Daily News, however, has told counsel for Edwards that that it will refuse — once again -- to 
produce the Tape. Accordingly, New York counsel moves this Court for a CPLR 3102(e) order 
requiring the Daily News to produce the tape. 
All requisites for a CPLR 3102(e) order are satisfied. The content of the tape — Epstein's 
statements about his molestation of young girls -- is highly relevant and clearly falls with the 
scope of the issues pending in the Florida action. Moreover, the Daily News cannot carry its 
burden of showing proper justification for refusing to produce these highly relevant tapes for two 
simple reasons. 
EFTA00728067
--- PAGE 8 ---
First, the Daily News' reporter, George Rush, has waived whatever privilege might attach 
to the recording by playing a significant portion of the recording to three people and describing 
the recording in detail to two other persons — attorney Brad Edwards and private investigator 
Michael Fisten. Accordingly, any privilege has now been obviously waived. See N.Y. Civil 
Rights Law CRL § 79-h(g) (reporter privilege waived through voluntary disclosure of 
information). 
Second, even if the material could somehow be viewed as being protected by a 
journalist's privilege, the privilege would be only a qualified one. The reporter's privilege in this 
state can be overcome by a showing that the materials at issue are highly relevant, critical or 
necessary to the maintenance of a party's claim, and not obtainable from any alternative source. 
Brad Edwards easily meets this test. He can show that the tape is in fact highly relevant and 
critical to the maintenance of his claims. Indeed, Judge McKenna, in ordering production, has 
already found that the evidence was relevant to one of the girl's (Jane Doe's) claims. In view of 
Epstein's invocations of the Fifth Amendment — both during past discovery and his promised 
invocation during the upcoming trial — the tape recording is Edwards' only opportunity to place 
Epstein's own words before the jury. Moreover, the record is a uniquely important piece of 
evidence, because no other recording of Epstein discussing the sexual abuse exists. Edwards 
can thus easily overcome any claim of privilege by the Daily News. 
FACTUAL AND PROCEDURAL BACKGROUND 
1. 
EPSTEIN'S SEXUAL ABUSE OF MINOR GIRLS AND HIS CRIMINAL 
PROSECUTION 
From approximately 2003 through approximately 2005, Jane Doe, L.M., and E.W. (all 
then minor girls) were repeatedly sexually abused by Jeffrey Epstein behind the walls of his 
gated mansion in Palm Beach, Florida. The acts of abuse included, for example, digital vaginal 
EFTA00728068
--- PAGE 9 ---
penetration and Epstein's use of a vibrator. Epstein is a billionaire, and used his power and 
wealth to intimidate Jane Doe into not reporting what happened. See Jane Doe v. Epstein, No. 
9:08-ev-80893-Marra (United States District Court S.D. Fla. 2008); L.M. v. Epstein, Case No. 
502008CA028051XXXXMBAB (Florida Circuit Court); E.W. v. Epstein, Case No. 
502008CA028XXXMBAB (Florida Circuit Court). 
After state and federal investigators learned of Epstein's sexual abuse of Jane Doe and 
more than thirty other under-age girls, Epstein hired a battery of attorneys who negotiated a plea 
bargain. Affidavit of Bradley James Edwards dated September 14,2010 ("Edwards Aff.")1 6. 
Under the plea agreement, Epstein pled guilty to two state criminal charges related to procuring a 
minor for prostitution and soliciting prostitution. Edwards Aff. ¶ 6. These two charges to which 
he pled pertained to girls other than Jane Doe. Edwards Mil 6. Epstein also entered into a 
"non-prosecution agreement" ("NPA"), under which the federal government agreed not to 
prosecute him for any other sex offenses. Edwards Aff. ¶¶ 6. As part of the NPA, Epstein 
agreed to make restitution to any of the victims who agreed to proceed solely under the federal 
statute creating a cause of action for child sexual abuse, 18 U.S.C. § 2255. Edwards Aff. ¶ 7 
H. 
THE CIVIL ACTIONS AGAINST EPSTEIN FOR SEXUAL MOLESTATION OF 
MINOR GIRLS AND ASSERTION OF THE FIFTH AMENDMENT BY EPSTEIN 
AND OTIIERS 
In 2008, Edwards filed civil lawsuits against Epstein on behalf of Jane Doe, L.M. and 
E.W. in state and federal court in Florida. Edwards Aft ¶ 2. Epstein answered to these 
complaints by invoking his Fifth Amendment privilege and arguing that this invocation serves as 
the equivalent of a denial of the claims. Edwards Aff. ¶ 8. The three girls were vigorously 
deposed by Epstein's battery of attorneys, who propounded numerous questions suggesting that 
they were fabricating their allegations that Epstein repeatedly sexually abused them. Edwards 
Aff. ¶ 5. Edwards diligently attempted to find evidence to corroborate their allegations, 
EFTA00728069
--- PAGE 10 ---
including taking the depositions of the co-conspirators (household staff and others) who helped 
Epstein secure minor girls to abuse. These individuals also invoked their Fifth Amendment right 
and elected not to provide answers. Edwards Aff. ¶ 11. Epstein was also deposed. Epstein, 
however, took the Fifth regarding all substantive questions propounded to him about sexual 
abuse, including in particular questions regarding whether he abused Jane Doe. Edwards Aft ¶ 
9. Epstein also took the Fifth (and had his invocations sustained) regarding all substantive 
interrogatories, requests for admission, and requests for production regarding the sexual abuse of 
Jane Doe. Edwards Aff.119. Id. 
III. 
THE DAILY NEWS' RECORDED CONVERSATON WITH EPSTEIN ABOUT 
HIS SEXUAL MOLESTATION AND ITS DISCLOSURE OF THE CONTENTS 
OF RECORED CONVERSATION TO THIRD PARTIES 
While discovery efforts to get information from Epstein were unavailing, in the fall of 
2009, Epstein spoke to Daily News reporter George Rush about his sexual molestation and the 
civil suits brought against him. Rush made a 22-minute recording of their conversation. 
Affidavit of George Rush dated April 6, 2010 ("Rush Aff.") ¶¶ 1-2. I
Several days after Rush talked to Epstein, Rush played the beginning of the tape 
recording for three persons not involved in any Daily News reporting effort: a filmmaker, a social 
activist, and an attorney who had been following the case. Rush Aff. ¶ 6. Shortly after that 
meeting, one of the participants went to an investigator for Edwards' clients -- Michael Fisten --
and said, "My god, you've [got to] get this tape. [Epstein] talks about the girls." Affidavit of 
Michael Fisten dated September 14, 2010 ("Fisten Affi") ¶ 3. 
On October 22, 2009, Fisten called Rush to get the tape. Fisten Aff. ¶ 5. Rush had no 
hesitancy in telling him in detail about the contents of the recorded call. Fisten Aff. ¶ 6. Rush 
In the earlier litigation before Judge McKenna, George Rush provided an affidavit. That 
affidavit is attached as Exhibit 3 to the accompanying Affirmation of Robert Y. Lewis dated 
September 15, 2010 ("Lewis Aff."). 
EFTA00728070
--- PAGE 11 ---
told Fisten that Epstein had said a number of interesting things. Epstein claimed he was being 
targeted for the civil suits because he had made good and become wealthy. Fisten Aff. ¶ 8. 
Epstein stated had he had done nothing wrong and had gone to jail for no reason. Id. If the same 
thing had happened in New York that had happened in Florida, Epstein protested, he would have 
received only a $200 fine. Id. He further said that Jane Doe's attorney, Brad Edwards. was 
causing all his problems and that one of Edwards clients, L.M., came to him as a prostitute and 
drug addict. Id. Epstein also said that all the girls suing him were only trying to get a meal 
ticket and that the only thing he might have done wrong was maybe cross a line a little too 
closely. Id. Fisten was not told that his discussion was confidential in any way. Fisten Aff. 119. 
Fisten asked for a copy of the tape, and Rush said he had no problem but had to run it by "legal." 
Fisten Aft. ¶ 10. He called Fisten back later that day to say that "legal" would not let him turn 
over the tape. Id 
Jane Doe's attorney, Brad Edwards, was contacted by Rush. Edwards Aff. ¶ 14. In that 
conversation, Rush again disclosed the contents of the tape, describing the general tenor of the 
entire Epstein interview for Edwards. Edwards Aff. 9¶ 14-16. Rush also stated that Epstein had 
admitted that he may have come "too close to the line", but that he should not have been 
punished as severely as he was. Edwards Aff. ¶ 15. Epstein said that his conduct was at most 
worthy of a monetary fine. Edwards Aff. ¶ 15. Epstein also flippantly suggested that the 
allegations filed against him in another case in federal court in Florida (involving repeated sexual 
abuse of a 15-year-old girl by Epstein and his friends) had been dismissed as meritless. Edwards 
Aft ¶ 18 
EFTA00728071
--- PAGE 12 ---
IV. 
EPSTEIN'S ACTION AGAINST EDWARDS AND EDWARDS' 
COUNTERCLAIM 
In December 2009, Epstein filed a lawsuit against Edwards, alleging that Edwards, his 
client L.M., and Edwards' then-law partner (Scott Rothstein) had abused process in bringing the 
lawsuit. Edwards MEI 3. Edwards answered the complaint and filed a counterclaim for 
essentially malicious prosecution against Epstein. Id. 
V. 
FEDERAL COURT ORDER FOR PRODUCTION OF THE RECORDING 
In the Spring of 2010, Jane Doe obtained a proper subpoena for the tape in her federal 
court case against Epstein. Rush and the Daily News filed a motion to quash, claiming that the 
recording was somehow protected by a journalist's privilege. Jane Doe responded, and the U.S. 
District Court for the Southern District of New York (McKenna, J.) held a hearing and listened 
to the tape in camera. The district court then ruled that the tape was not protected by the 
journalist's privilege. (Judge McKenna's Opinion is attached as Ex. 5 to Lewis Aft). 
Applying Gonzales v. Nat 'I Broad. Co., Inc., 194 F.3d 29 (2d Cir. 1999) (Gonzales ///), 
the district court explained that a reporter's privilege extended even to non-confidential sources. 
The district court found the source of the recording was in no way confidential: "Mr. Rush 
disclosed his source to counsel for Jane Doe not long after the interview." M. at 4. The district 
court then explained that it had both listened to the recording and reviewed the transcript. After 
that examination, the court found as a fact that "portions of the recording 'are of likely relevance 
to a significant issue in [Jane Doe v. Epstein],' Gonzales III, 194 F.3d at 35, or, rather, 
depending on how used, two issues, liability and damages." Id at 4-5. The court then 
highlighted one sentence to prove the point: —The Court notes, in particular, a statement included 
in the first full paragraph attributed to Mr. Epstein at page 15 of the transcript." Id. at 5. 
EFTA00728072
--- PAGE 13 ---
The district court further found that "the materials at issue `are not reasonably obtainable 
from other available sources," citing Gonzales, since "the record is quite clear that Mr. Epstein 
has regularly been asserting, and will continue to assert, his Fifth Amendment privilege to 
relevant questions. Id. The fact that the recording is in Mr. Epstein's own voice is also 
significant from a trial perspective." 
The court then concluded: 
Not everything in the recording is relevant, but some non-relevant statements may 
(or may not) have context value. Ultimately, the amount of the recorded 
conversation that it would be appropriate to admit in a jury trial is one for the trial 
judge, with input from counsel on both sides. This Court [the Southern District of 
New York] defers to the trial court [the Southern District of Florida] in this 
regard. 
Id. 
The Daily News took an appeal to the Second Circuit. Shortly thereafter, the cases 
brought by L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe against Epstein all settled. Because of the settlement while 
the appeal was pending, the Second Circuit vacated the order of the district court. Lewis Aff. 
Ex. 4. 
VI. 
EPSTEIN'S INVOCATION OF THE FIFTH IN THE EDWARDS ACTION AND 
FLORIDA COURT ORDER FOR PRODUCTION OF THE RECORDING 
While the suit by the three girls has settled, the Epstein vs. Edwards lawsuit continues. 
As he did in the lawsuits brought by the girls, Epstein has taken the Fifth rather than provide any 
substantive discovery about his sexual abuse of minor girls, and all other leads to obtain this 
information in other ways have been exhausted. Edwards Aff. ¶ 25. On August 3, 2010, the 
court presiding over the case -- the Circuit Court of the 15th Judicial Circuit in and for Palm 
Beach County, Florida — granted Edwards' Motion to Appoint a Commissioner in New York to 
take the deposition duces tecum of the Records Custodian of the Daily News. Lewis Aff. Ex. 1. 
Counsel for the Daily News indicated, however, that it would not produce the tape at any such 
EFTA00728073
--- PAGE 14 ---
deposition, prompting this motion for enforcement of the subpoena seeking the tape. Edwards 
Aff. ¶ 26. Accordingly, Edwards moves, through New York counsel, for a CPLR 3102(e) for 
production of the recording. 
ARGUMENT 
CPLR 3102(e) provides that "[w]hen under any . . . commission issued out of any court 
of record in any other state it is required to take the testimony of a witness in the state . . . [t]he 
supreme court . . . shall make any appropriate order in aid of taking" discovery for use in the 
other state's action. 
Under CPLR 3102(e) a court's inquiry is limited to determining "(1) whether the witness' 
fundamental rights are preserved; (2) whether the scope of inquiry falls with the issues of the 
pending out-of State action; and (3) whether the examination is fair." Application of Aylin. and 
Companies, 166 A.D.2d 223, 224 (151 Dept. 1990). A court "will not prejudge the materiality or 
the competency of the evidence in a cause pending in another jurisdiction and will afford the 
widest possible latitude in the conduct of such examinations." Id. at 224. 
Here, the Florida court has issued an order for the appointment of a Commissioner in 
New York to take a custodian deposition duces tecum at which the tape should be produced. It is 
beyond peradventure that Epstein's statements on the recording about his molestation of girls, 
about the civil actions brought against him, and about Brad Edwards, the girls' lead lawyer, fall 
within the scope of the issues in the pending Florida action between Epstein and Edwards. 
As to the witness's fundamental rights, the Daily News bears the burden of proving that 
the reporter's privilege entitles it to refuse to produce the recording. "The burden of proving 
each element of the privilege rests upon the party asserting it and even if the technical 
requirements of the privilege are satisfied, it may, nonetheless, yield in a proper case where 
EFTA00728074
--- PAGE 15 ---
strong public policy requires disclosure." People v. Osorio, 75 N.Y.2d 80, 84, 549 N.E.2d 1183, 
1185 (N.Y. 1989) (discussing attorney-client privilege). The Daily News cannot carry its burden 
for two simple reasons: First, it has waived any privilege by disclosing the substance of the 
recording to several third parties. Second, Edwards has important reasons for obtaining the 
recording and has no reasonable alternative sources to obtain the information. 
I. 
THE DAILY NEWS HAS WAIVED ANY PRIVILEGE THAT MIGHT 
OTHERWISE ATTACH TO THE TAPE RECORDING OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
BY PLAYING THE TAPE TO THREE PEOPLE AND DESCRIBING ITS 
CONTENTS IN DETAIL TO (AT LEAST) TWO MORE. 
A. Like Other Privileges, a Journalist's Privilege Can Be Waived. 
As with other privileges, any journalist's privilege can disappear if the journalist himself 
chooses to disclose the communication. As has been explained in the context of the more robust 
attorney-client privilege, "Disclosure of a privileged document generally operates as a waiver of 
the privilege . . . ." New York Times Newspaper v. Lehrer McGovern Bovis, Inc., 300 A.D.2d 
169, 172, 752 N.Y.S.2d 642, 645 (N.Y.A.D. 2002). The reason for this rule is the disclosure "is 
viewed as an indication that confidentiality is no longer intended or as a waiver of the privilege." 
In re Horowitz, 482 F.2d 72, 81 (2nd Cir. 1973) (citing MCCORMACK, EVIDENCE § 93, at 197 
(Cleary ed. 1972) and cases cited therein and 8 WIGMORE, EVIDENCE § 2311, at 599 
(McNaughton rev. 1961)). Thus, a person cannot invoke a "privilege as to communications 
whose confidentiality he has already compromised for his own benefit." In re Steinhardt 
Partners, L.P., 9 F.3d 230, 235 (2d Cir. 1993) (internal quotation omitted). 
These general principles are operationalized in the New York's shield law. While the 
shield law provides certain protections for journalists, it also provides directly that the protection 
can be waived if information is disclosed to third parties: 
EFTA00728075
--- PAGE 16 ---
(g) Notwithstanding the provisions of this section, a person entitled to claim the 
exemption provided under subdivision (b) or (c) of this section waives such 
exemption if such person voluntarily discloses or consents to disclosure of the 
specific information sought to be disclosed to any person not otherwise entitled to 
claim the exemptions provided by this section. 
N.Y. Civil Rights Law § 79-h(g) (McKinney 2010) (emphases added). Under this shield law, 
therefore, the Daily News has waived any privilege if it "disclosed" the information that Edwards 
seeks to third parties. 
B. 
The Daily News Has Waived Any Privilege in the Tape Recording by 
Playing It for Three People and Describing It in Detail to Others. 
The Daily News has plainly waived any privilege that might attach to the recording by 
revealing what the recording says to a number of persons. In particular, George Rush has waived 
any privilege by: 
• 
Agreeing to paraphrase the Epstein interview to investigator Michael Fisten (Fisten Aff. 
8); 
• 
Telling Fistcn that Epstein began the recorded interview by describing how he came from 
Brooklyn and became wealthy (Fisten Aff.1 8); 
• 
Telling Fisten that Epstein said the people do not like it when people make good and that 
was one reason he (Epstein) was being targeted by civil suits filed by young girls in 
Florida (i.e., Jane Doe) (Fisten MT. ¶ 8); 
• 
Telling Fisten that Epstein said that he (Epstein) had done nothing wrong (Fisten Aff. 
8); 
• 
Telling Fisten that Epstein said that he (Epstein) had gone to jail in Florida for soliciting 
prostitution for no reason (Fisten Aff. ¶ 8); 
• 
Telling Fisten that Epstein said that if the same thing (i.e., sexual abuse of minor girls) 
had happened in New York, he (Epstein) would have received only a $200 fine (Fisten 
Aff. ¶ 8); 
• 
Telling Fisten that Epstein had made very negative comments about Jane Doe's attorney 
Brad Edwards and that Edwards was the one causing all of Epstein's problems (i.e., the 
civil suits brought by Jane Doe and other girls) (Fisten Aff. ¶ 8); 
EFTA00728076
--- PAGE 17 ---
• 
Telling Fisten that Epstein said that L.M., one of Edwards' clients who has sued Epstein 
for sexual abuse as a minor, came to him as a prostitute and a drug user (i.e., came to 
Epstein for sex, rather than Epstein pursuing her) (Fisten Aff.118); 
• 
Telling Fisten that Epstein said that all the girls suing him (e.g., Jane Doe) arc only trying 
to get a meal ticket (Fisten Aff. ¶ 8); 
• 
Telling Fisten that Epstein said that the only thing he might have done wrong was to 
maybe cross the line a little too closely (Fisten Aff. ¶ 8); 
• 
Telling Fisten that Epstein said he was very upset that Edwards had subpoenaed Ghisline 
Maxwell, referring to her as a good person that did nothing wrong (i.e., had done nothing 
wrong even though she helped procure young girls to satisfy Epstein's sexual desires) 
(Fisten Aff. ¶ 8); 
• 
Calling Brad Edwards, Jane Doe's attorney, to tell him about the recorded Epstein 
interview (Edwards Aff ¶ 14); 
• 
Telling Brad Edwards more than description of the tape and in fact describing the general 
tenor of the entire interview (Edwards Aff TT 14-19); 
• 
Telling Brad Edwards that Epstein said in the interview that he (Epstein) may have come 
"too close to the line" but that he should not have been punished as severely as he was 
(Edwards Aff ¶ 15); 
• 
Telling Brad Edwards that Epstein spoke about L.M. and made derogatory remarks about 
her (Edwards Aff ¶ 18); and 
• 
Telling Brad Edwards that Epstein spoke directly about another civil case that was filed 
against him, Jane Doe 102 v. Epstein,2 which involved an allegation that Epstein had 
repeatedly sexually abused a 15-year-old girl, forced her to have sex with his friends, and 
flew her on his private plane nationally and internationally for the purposes of sexually 
molesting and abusing her, and that Epstein had flippantly said that the case was 
dismissed, indicating that the allegations were ridiculous and untrue (Edwards Aff 1118); 
As the foregoing bullet points make clear, the Daily News (through its reporter) has not 
only played a significant portion of the tape recording to third parties, it has described the sum 
and substance of the entire recording to at least two persons who are in no sense Daily News 
employees (or even journalists). This is an obvious waiver of any privilege. 
See Doe No. 102 v. Epstein, No. 9:09-CV-80656-1CAM (S. D. Fla. 2009). 
EFTA00728077
--- PAGE 18 ---
Nor should the Daily News be heard to quibble that it has somehow "only" waived 
confidentiality with respect to the 16 bullet points above. As should be clear from the sheer 
number of bullet points, Rush has described to Fisten and Edwards (and perhaps others) the gist 
of the entire tape. As Judge McKenna found after listening to the tape, "Mr. Rush paraphrased 
the interview relatively thoroughly." McKenna Op. at 3, Lewis Aft. Ex. 1. 
Because Rush has purported to describe the entire tape, any privilege is plainly waived 
for the entire recording. See, e.g., People v. Fentress, 103 Misc.2d 179, 193, 425 N.Y.S.2d 485, 
494 (N.Y. Co. Sup. Ct. 1980) (finding waiver of "confidentiality of the corpus" of 
communications from a telephone call disclosing part of privilege communications); United 
States v. Jacobs, 117 F.3d 82, 90 (2d Cir. 1997) (finding that waiver of attorney-client privilege 
extended to the entirety of two letters written by Jacobs' attorney, "the gist of which Jacobs 
purported to convey while" speaking to third parties). Moreover, given that the tape is 
apparently about 22 minutes long, the numerous points related above must constitute the bulk of 
the recording.; And, presumably, later portions of the conversation must link back to earlier 
portions of the conversation — making it difficult to segregate any particular sentence in the 
interview. Accordingly, the Court need not consider the details of how a journalist privilege 
might operate on these facts. Any privilege that might exist has simply evaporated and been 
waived. 
Of course, if the Court wanted to make this determination more precisely, it could review the 
recording in camera — as we urge in Part III, infra. 
EFTA00728078
--- PAGE 19 ---
II. 
ANY QUALIFIED JOURANLIST'S PRIVILEGE OF THE DAILY NEWS IS 
OVERCOME BY JANE DOE'S CLEAR AND COMPELLING NEED TO 
OBTAIN JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S OWN WORDS ABOUT HIS SEXUAL ABUSE 
AND LACK OF REMORSE. 
In addition to the fact that it has waived any privilege, the Daily News likewise cannot 
sustain its burden of showing a good reason for defeating Brad Edwards' search for the truth. 
This case does not involve an issue relating to a confidential source. Accordingly, the Daily 
News possesses (at most) a qualified privilege, which can be overcome by Edwards making "a 
clear and specific showing that the [information]: (i) is highly material and relevant; (ii) is 
critical or necessary to the maintenance of a party's claim, defense or proof of an issue material 
thereto; and (iii) is not obtainable from any alternative source." N.Y. Civil Rights Law § 79-h. 
Edwards can easily make such a showing here, as the tape recording is unique evidence of highly 
probative statements from Epstein that he cannot obtain from any other source. 
A. 
The Epstein Interview is Highly Material and Relevant to Edwards' 
Defense of the Civil Suit Against him for Fabricating Sexual Abuse 
Claims and Critical to His Counterclaim Seeking Compensatory and 
Punitive Damages. 
Edwards needs the recording for the pending civil litigation between him and Epstein for 
the very specific reason that it disproves Epstein's claim that the three civil suits Edwards filed 
against him were somehow fabricated and that it shows a complete lack of remorse for his 
activities — critical information for the punitive damages that Edwards seeks against Epstein with 
his counterclaim. 
A bit of context may be useful. The lawsuits Edwards filed against Epstein by various 
girls became highly contentious. See generally Edwards Aff.; see, e.g., Jane Doe v. Jeffrey 
Epstein, Case No. 9:08-cv-80893-MARRA (S.D. Fla.) (case consolidated with Doe v. Epstein, 
9:08-cv-80119-MARRA for discovery purposes)(more than 500 docket entries). Edwards Aff. 
EFTA00728079
--- PAGE 20 ---
4. Because the cases involved allegations by girls that Epstein repeatedly sexually abused them 
behind the walls of his private mansion in Palm Beach, Florida, the case at some level became 
one of "he said, she said." Edwards Aft ¶ 4. 
With regard to the "he said" half of this equation, Epstein was able to essentially contest 
the substance of the three girls claims of sexual molestation. Epstein denied the girls' 
allegations, by operation of law. through his assertion of Fifth Amendment privileges as to all 
claims against him. Edwards Aff.11 8-9. Moreover, Epstein refused to provide any substantive 
discovery to the girls — or to Edwards in the currently pending litigation. Edwards Aff. ¶ 9. 
With regard to the "she said" half of the equation, Epstein's battery of attorneys have 
taken the girls' depositions, in which they have asked numerous questions suggesting that each 
has fabricated her claims against him. Edwards Aff. ¶ 5. Indeed, the Daily News conceded in 
earlier litigation that the questioning of the girls has been (in its words) "savage." Edwards Aff. 
15. And the girls, of course, have no other witnesses they can call to tell what Epstein did to 
them behind closed doors in his mansion — no direct eyewitnesses to prove that what they are 
saying is the truth. Edwards Aff. ¶ 5. 
Fortunately, through the recording of Epstein, there is now a way to provide to the jury a 
damning admission from Epstein. As George Rush explained to Brad Edwards' investigator 
Michael Fisten, Epstein says on the tape that "the only thing he might have done wrong was to 
maybe . . . cross the line a little too closely." Fisten Aff. ¶ 8; see also Edward Aff. ¶ 15(Epstein 
says he may have come "too close to the line"). Understood in context, this is a highly damning 
admission that Epstein may have crossed "the line" between having consensual sexual relations 
with adult women and having non-consensual sexual relations with minor girls — girls like the 
ones that Brad Edwards represented. 
EFTA00728080
--- PAGE 21 ---
Epstein also told Rush that L.M., a minor girl, came to him as a prostitute and a drug 
addict. Fisten Aff. ¶ 8. This is also a highly useful admission, as it will help to establish that 
Epstein has a sexual interest in minor girls — minor girls like L.M., who was originally named by 
Epstein as a co-defendant in the lawsuit filed against Edwards. (Epstein has since dismissed his 
suit against L.M.). Perhaps more important, it is direct proof that Epstein knows L.M., a fact that 
he has denied in the past. Edwards Aff. ¶ 18. 
Not only is the tape recording unparalleled evidence for Brad Edwards to disprove that he 
somehow fabricated cases against Epstein, but it is also compelling evidence in Edwards' case 
for punitive damages against Epstein. One of the key issues in the punitive damages case will be 
the extent to which Epstein has shown remorse for his sexual abuse of minor girls — or whether 
he continues to believe that he did nothing wrong. Of course, punitive damages are "'quasi-
criminal,' [and] operate as `private fines' intended to punish the defendant and to deter future 
wrongdoing." Cooper Indus., Inc. v. Leatherman Tool Group, Inc., 532 U.S. 424, 432 (2001). If 
Epstein is not remorseful for having abused minor girls and for filing an abusive lawsuit against 
one of the attorneys who represented them (i.e., Edwards), the jury will need to impose a 
substantial punitive damage award to deter future abusive actions. 
Lack of remorse "will be a central issue in the punitive damages case against Epstein at 
trial." Edwards All. 1117.4 And, in Florida, any punitive damages award that Jane Doe will be 
closely scrutinized under both the United States Constitution and Florida law. See, e.g., Engle v. 
Liggett Group, Inc., 945 So.2d 1246, 1264 (Fla. 2006) (discussing different layers of review for 
In assessing the importance of evidence, courts have been reluctant to substitute their judgment 
for that of the trial lawyer most closely involved in presenting a case to a jury, particularly where 
the subject relates to a tactical judgment about the usefulness of the evidence. See, e.g., United 
States v. Sanusi, 813 F. Supp. 149, 160 (E.D.N.Y. 1992) (finding journalist privilege overcome 
and expressing reluctance of the court "to substitute its judgment" for that of defense counsel). 
EFTA00728081
--- PAGE 22 ---
punitive damages awards under Florida law; vacating punitive damages award). The Epstein 
recording provides words from Epstein's own mouth to show his lack of remorse for abusing 
girls. Commenting on his criminal plea for soliciting minors for prostitution that lead to an 18-
month jail sentence, Epstein states he did nothing wrong and went to jail for no reason. Fisten 
AEI 2. He further reveals in the recorded interview that his time in jail was too harsh of a 
sentence and if the same circumstances would have happened in New York, he would have only 
received a $200 fine. Id. He also stated that "all the girls suing him" are only trying to get a 
meal ticket. Id. And — critical to the lawsuit involving Brad Edwards — Epstein remarkably 
blames Edwards for his problems rather than taking responsibility for committing serious sexual 
offenses against numerous minor girls! Id. Indeed, the entire substance and tone of the tape 
reeks of evidence of a sex offender who lacks any empathy for the numerous girls he victimized. 
This is unique evidence that is not cumulative of anything else Brad Edwards can present. 
Finally, it bears mention that the tape recording is clear proof that Epstein has committed 
the crime of perjury. During a deposition, one of the few questions Epstein did not take the Fifth 
on was whether he knew George Rush. Epstein lied and impressed the point that he did not 
recognize any reporter from the Daily News - despite the fact that a 22-minute recording of such 
an interview exists. Edwards Aff. ¶ 22. The tape recording is therefore direct evidence of a 
crime. 
As a result of all this, the recording is highly probative on both the liability and damages 
case Brad Edwards intends to present at trial. Presumably it is for this reason that the first person 
to hear the tape (the author with whom George Rush shared the tape) quickly told Jane Doe's 
investigator, "My god, you've [got to] get this tape. He talks about the girls." Fisten Affil 4. 
And, as Judge McKenna found after considering the issue, there are particularly significant 
EFTA00728082
--- PAGE 23 ---
passages in the recording that are significant in the litigation against Epstein. See McKenna Op. 
at 4 (highlighting a statement from Epstein in the first full paragraph of page 15 of the transcript 
of the recording), Lewis Aff. Ex. 5. 
B. 
The Words Out of Epstein's Own Mouth Are Unique and Not 
Obtainable from Other Sources. 
Edwards can also easily establish that the Epstein interview is unique and not obtainable 
from other sources — conclusions that Judge McKenna also reached. Despite diligent efforts on 
her part, Edwards has been unable to identify any witnesses (other than Epstein's attorneys) with 
whom Epstein has spoken about the abuse (except of course his co-conspirators who have all 
also invoked a 5th Amendment privilege). Edwards Aff. ¶¶ 5, 11, 22 & 25. More importantly, 
despite diligent efforts, Edwards has not been able to locate any recorded statements by Epstein. 
Id. Indeed, given the fact that Epstein has taken the Fifth with regard to all discovery propounded 
to him, the interview will be Edwards' only opportunity to present Epstein's own words to the 
jury that hears his case. Id. As Judge McKenna held: "[T]he record is quite clear that Mr. 
Epstein has been regularly asserting, and will continue to assert, his Fifth Amendment privilege 
to relevant questions. The fact that the recording is in Mr. Epstein's own voice is also significant 
from a trial perspective." McKenna Op. at 5, Lewis Ex. 5. The interview is thus truly one-of-a-
kind and Edwards has exhausted all reasonable alternatives to finding another recording. 
In sum, even if a journalist's privilege exists, on the facts of this particular case the 
privilege is overcome and Edwards is entitled to the tape recording to support his claims. 
III. 
THE COURT SHOULD EXAMINE THE RECORDING IN CAMERA. 
The Court should examine the recording in camera to determine whether privilege applies 
in this case. A quick in camera review will confirm both the extent to which any privilege has 
EFTA00728083

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728084.pdf
----------------------------------------
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
AND AMLIATED PARTNERSHIPS 
lay P. Lthowitz 
' 
'root 
Jeffrey Epstein 
457 Madison Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Citlgroup Center 
153 East 53rd Street 
New York. New York 10022.4611 
www.kirktand.com 
July 2, 2009 
Re: 
Midnight Express Dispute 
Dear Mr. Epstein: 
There are no fees or expenses to be billed for May 2009 in connection with the above 
referenced matter. The total past due amount from February 1, 2009 time forward is $19,950.00. 
For your convenience, payment can be made by wire transfer to: 
Bank: Citibank 
ABA Routing/Transit Number: 271070801 
Account Name: KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Account Number: 800418399 
Message: 22168-2 
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me. 
Yours sincerely, 
p 
Jay P. L fkowitz 
JPL:kad 
Enclosure 
Chicago 
Hong Kong 
London 
Los Angeles 
Munich 
Palo Alto 
San Francisco 
Washington, IN 
EFTA00728084

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728085.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728085.pdf
----------------------------------------
MINOR COASTAL ZONE MANAGEMENT PERMIT NO. CZT-27-10L 
I. 
AUTHORITY. This permit is issued by the Commissioner of the Department of Planning 
and Natural Resources and is administered and monitored by the Department pursuant to 
Title 12, Chapter 21, Virgin Islands Code. As herein, "Permittor" is the Government of the 
Virgin Islands and "Permittee" is LSJ, LLC. 
2. 
SCOPE. This permit allows the site preparation and construction of a 1,320 sq. ft ATV 
garage made of natural stone. This project is located at parcel C Little St. James, St. Thomas, 
Virgin Islands. 
3. 
TERM. This permit is effective upon its signing by the Commissioner of the Department of 
Planning and Natural Resources, pursuant to VI Code, Title 12, Chapter 21. Authorization 
for construction under this permit will expire if the Permittee fails to commence work within 
twelve (12) months from the date this permit becomes effective. 
4. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. 
EXHIBIT A - CM Permit Application dated April 8, 2010 
EXHIBIT B - Required document submittal (deed, tax letter and maps). 
EXHIBIT C - Site plan and Drawings dated July 7, 2010. 
5. 
GENERAL CONDITIONS. 
(a) 
Liability. The Pennittee agrees to assume full and complete responsibility for all 
liability to any person or persons, including employees, as a result of its control of the 
area described in Paragraph 2 of this permit, and all improvements thereon (which 
area and improvements are herein after referred to as" the premises") and to hold the 
Permittor free and harmless from civil or other liability of any kind during the time 
the permittee is in control of the premises pursuant to this permit. 
(b) 
Personal Property and Damage. All personal property of any kind or description 
whatsoever, located on the premises will be there at the Permittee's sole risk. 
(c) 
Assignments or Transfer, This permit may not be transferred or assigned except as 
provided in Section 910-15 of the Regulations of the Coastal Zone Management Act 
(d) 
Permit to be displayed. A placard evidencing the permit shall be posted in a 
conspicuous place at the project site during the entire period of work. 
EFTA00728085
--- PAGE 2 ---
CZT-27-10L 
(e) 
Reliance on Information and Data. The permittee affirms that the information, and 
data which he/she provided in connection with his/her permit application is true and 
accurate, and acknowledges that if subsequent to the effective date of this permit 
such information and data proves to be false or inaccurate, the permit may be 
modified, suspended or revoked in whole or in part, and that the Commissioner may, 
in addition, institute appropriate legal action. 
(f) 
Development to be Commenced, Any and all development approved by this Coastal 
Zone Management Permit shall be commenced within twelve (12) months from the 
date this permit becomes effective. Failure to perform substantial work within such 
period and thereafter until completion of construction will cause the permit to lapse 
and render it null and void unless an extension is granted by the Commissioner. 
(g) 
Notification of Completion. Upon completion of any activity authorized or required 
by this Coastal Zone Management Permit, the permittee shall promptly so notify the 
Director of the Division of CZM ("The Director") and where the service of a 
professional engineer were required in undertaking the activity, a certification of 
compliance provided by the project engineer that the plans and specifications of the 
project and all applicable Virgin Islands Code requirements have been met, shall be 
filed with the Director. 
(h) 
Inspection. The Commissioner or his authorized agents or representatives shall have 
the power to enter at reasonable time during projects working hours upon any lands 
or waters for which a Coastal Zone Permit has been issued. The Permittee shall 
permit such entry for the purpose of inspection and ascertaining compliance with the 
terms and conditions of said Coastal Zone Management Permit. The Permittee shall 
provide access to such records as the Commissioner in the performance of his duties 
under the Act may require the Permittee to maintain. Such records may be examined 
and copies shall be submitted to the Commissioner upon request. 
(i) 
Conditions of premises 
The development authorized by this permit shall be 
maintained in a safe, attractive and satisfactory condition and in accordance with the 
description, plans or drawings approved by the Commissioner. 
(j) 
Restoration of Area. The permittee, upon revocation or expiration of the permit, 
shall upon order of the Commissioner, and his sole discretion, remove all structures 
authorized by the permit and restore the area to its original condition, and/or modify 
such structures, and/or comply with any directive of the Commissioner in satisfying 
the original permit condition in such time and manner as the Commissioner may 
direct. 
EFTA00728086
--- PAGE 3 ---
CZT-27-101, 
(k) 
Notices. All notices sent or required to be sent hereunder must be certified mail, 
return receipt requested. If addressed to the permittor, same shall be sent to the 
Commissioner of the Department of Planning and Natural Resources, Cyril E. King 
Airport, Second Floor, St. Thomas, VI 00802 or to such place as the Permittor may 
herein after designate by certified mail. If addressed to the Permittee, same shall be 
sent to LSJ, LLC, 6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite B, St. Thomas, USVI 00802 or to 
such place as the Permittee may hereinafter designate by certified mail, return receipt 
requested. 
(I) 
(m) 
Nonwaiver. One or more waivers by the Permittor of any covenant or condition of 
this permit shall not be construed as a waiver or breach of the covenant or condition, 
and the consent or approval of the Permittor to or of any acts by the Permittee 
requiring the Pennittor's consent or approval shall not be construed as approval of 
any subsequent similar act by the Permittee. 
Revocation. 
It is specifically understood that all foregoing covenants and 
agreements, as well as other terms and special conditions hereby agreed to by 
Permittee, are to be well and faithfully kept by Permittee and that any failure by 
Permittee to keep same will result in revocation of this permit 
(n) 
Other Approval. If the development covered under this permit requires separate and 
distinct approval from the United States Government or any agency, department, 
commission or bureau thereof, then no development or occupancy is allowed under 
this permit until such permits or approvals have been obtained. 
(o) 
Abandonment. If the Permittee abandons, deserts or vacates the premises or 
discontinues its operations at the premises for a period totaling six (6) consecutive 
months, then the permit will terminate automatically and be rendered null and void. 
(p) 
Damage and Repair of Premises Described in Paragraph 2.1n the event of damage to 
or destruction of the premises described in Paragraph 2 hereof, repair work may be 
done only after a request to do so has been submitted in writing to the Department 
and permission in writing has been granted. Repair must duplicate the original work, 
and must be in accordance with applicable law, rules and regulations. 
(q) 
Signatures on the Permit Document. The applicant shall sign and return the permit 
document to the Department within sixty (60) days of receipt thereof. Failure to 
return the signed permit within the time period specified herein will be considered a 
rejection of the terms and conditions of the permit and will render the offer of the 
permit null and void, unless a written extension is requested and granted. 
EFTA00728087
--- PAGE 4 ---
CZT-27-10L 
6. 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS. 
A. The Division of Coastal Zone Management shall be notified in writing at leas forty-
eight (48) hours before work commences. 
B. The Coastal Zone Management permit placard shall be placed in a conspicuous 
location on the site as soon as work commences. 
C. The permit is valid only for work as stated in Paragraph 2 "Scope." 
D. 
Erosion /Sedimentation control measures shall be installed and maintained until all 
development activities are completed. All excavated areas shall be protectively 
berm to prevent silt runoff. 
E. 
Site disturbance shall be limited to areas designated on the approved drawings. 
F. 
All other necessary permits shall be obtained prior to commencement of work. 
G. "Upon discovery of any archaeological or historical site, or human burial site or 
remains upon private lands, the owner or the representative shall immediately 
notify the State Historic Preservation Office verbally and in writing." 
H. The scope of Permit CZT-27-10L is confined to the footprint approved in Permit. 
No development activities may occur outside the footprint of the approved Permit. 
I. 
Silt fencing must be installed with steel posts and wire fence support as described in 
the 2002 Environmental Protection Handbook. 
J. 
Habitat on LSJ is already severely compromised_ A habitat restoration plan for the 
degraded areas shall be developed in collaboration with the Division of 
Fish and Wildlife. All restoration activities shall be monitored by a Division Fish 
and Wildlife. 
K 
Bi-weekly monitoring reports/updates on progress made towards completeness of 
the projects (including date-stamped photographs of the site.) The monitoring 
reports must continue until a staff is informed that all development activities 
pursuant to this permit are completed and a certificate of occupancy is issued. 
EFTA00728088
--- PAGE 5 ---
CZT-27-101, 
On this 
Day of 
GS,2010 the Department ofPlanning and Natural Resources hereby 
issues Minor CZM Permit No. CZT-27-10L. 
I, the undersigned, have read and understood all terms and conditions established in Permit No. 
CZT-27-10L and hereby agree to be bound by the terms and conditions contained therein. 
Signature 
Date 
cc: File 
EFTA00728089

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728090.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728090.pdf
----------------------------------------
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
AND ANAJATILD PARINUSHIPS 
Jay P. Lefkowitz 
To Call Writer Direct 
212 4464970 
Jeffrey Epstein 
457 Madison Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Citigroup Center 
153 East 53rd Street 
New York, New York 10022-4611 
(212) 446-4800 
wvevidrkland.com 
July 2, 2009 
Re: 
Molyneux, Juan Pablo Dispute 
Dear Mr. Epstein: 
Facsimile: 
(212) 446-4900 
Enclosed please find our invoice for legal services rendered and related expenses incurred 
through May 31, 2009 in connection with the above referenced matter. The total amount due 
from February 1, 2009 time forward is $10,246.68. For your convenience, payment can be made 
by wire transfer to: 
Bank: Citibank 
ABA Routing/Transit Number: 271070801 
Account Name: KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Account Number: 800418399 
Message: 22168-3 
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me. 
Yours sincerely, 
JPL:kad 
Enclosure 
Chicago 
Hong Kong 
London 
Los Angeles 
Munich 
Palo Alto 
San Francisco 
Washington, s 
EFTA00728090
--- PAGE 2 ---
July 2. 2009 
Jeffrey Epstein 
457 Madison Avenue. 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
ATTN: Jeffrey Epstein 
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
AND AFFILIATED PARTNERSHIPS 
Citigroup Center, 153 East 53rd Street 
New York. New York 10022-4611 
FEIN 36-1326630 
Inv.# 3448716 
IN THE MATTER OF 
Molyneux, Juan Pablo Dispute 
Legal services rendered through May 31. 2009 
.00 
Disbursements: 
Standard Copies or Prints NY 
118.65 
Computer Database Research 
199.02 
Overtime Meals - Attorney 
15.48 
Total 
$ 333.15 
Total 
$ 333.15 
Page 
EFTA00728091
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Legal Services Period Ending May 31, 2009 
July 2, 2009 
Description of Legal Services 
Date 
Name 
Hours Task 
Description 
Page 
EFTA00728092
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Legal Services Period Ending May 31. 2009 
July 2. 2009 
Description 
Amount 
Computer Database Research 
199.02 
Overtime Meals - Attorney 
15.48 
Standard Copies or Prints NY 
118.65 
Total Expenses 
$ 333.15 
Page 
EFTA00728093

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728094.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728094.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 250 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08,0712009 
Page 1 of 6 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
EFTA00728094
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 250 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08,07.2009 
Page 2 of 6 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80994-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80993-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
C.M.A., 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80811 -MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al., 
Defendant. 
DOE II, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV- 80469-MARRA/JOHNSON 
EFTA00728095
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 250 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08,07/2009 
Page 3 of 6 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al., 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80591-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80656-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
PLAINTIFFS JANE DOES' 2- 7 REQUEST FOR EMERGENCY HEARING 
ON PLAINTIFFS' PENDING MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
Plaintiffs, Jane Does 2-7, by and through undersigned counsel, hereby file this Request 
for Emergency Hearing on Plaintiffs' Motion for Protective Order, pursuant to S.D.F1a.L.R. 
7.1(E), and state as follows: 
I. 
Plaintiffs Jane Does 2-7 filed a Motion for Protective Order on July 29, 2009 (DE 
226). That Motion concerns the acts and conduct of Defendant Epstein's investigators in 
interviewing nonparties. 
2. 
Since the filing of Plaintiffs' Motion, Defendant's investigators have continued 
aggressively to contact nonparties seeking extensive personal information about the Plaintiffs. In 
EFTA00728096
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 250 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/07/2009 
Page 4 of 6 
doing so, the Plaintiffs' anonymity is being seriously and unnecessarily compromised. The acts 
and conduct of the investigators are intimidating the Plaintiffs. Filed simultaneously herewith is 
the Declaration of Jane Doe No. 7 in further support of Plaintiffs' Motion for Protective Order, 
which specifically describes the conduct of one of Defendant's investigators. 
3. 
Under the circumstances, immediate relief is necessary to protect the Plaintiffs' 
anonymity. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiffs respectfully request that the time requirements of S.D.Fla.L.R. 
7.1 be waived and that an immediate hearing be scheduled on Plaintiffs' Motion for Protective 
Order. 
Dated: August 7, 2009 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
s/ Stuart S. Mermelstein 
Stuart S. Mermelstein (FL Bar No. 947245) 
Adam D. Horowitz (FL Bar No. 376980)
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami Florida 
Tel: 
Fax: 
EFTA00728097
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 250 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08:07/2009 
Page 5 of 6 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on August 7, 2009, I electronically filed the foregoing document with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served 
this day to all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either via transmission 
of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for 
those parties who are not authorized to receive electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
Is/ Stuart S. Mermelstein 
EFTA00728098
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 250 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/07/2009 
Page 6 of 6 
SERVICE LIST 
DOE vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger. Esq. 
Robert D. Critton. E . 
Bradley James Edwards 
Isidro Manuel Garcia 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
Michael James Pike 
Paul .Cassell 
Richard Horace Willits 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
EFTA00728099

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728100.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 10-CV-21586-ASG 
PODHURST ORSECK, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
DEFENDANT'S NOTICE AND MOTION FOR LEAVE TO DEPOSIT FUNDS INTO THE 
REGISTRY OF THE COURT 
WITH INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, (hereinafter "Epstein") by and through his 
undersigned attorneys and pursuant to Federal Rule 67 and Local Rule 67.1, hereby 
files his Notice and Motion for Leave to Deposit Funds Into the Registry of the Court. In 
support, Epstein states as follows: 
1. On May 17, 2010, Plaintiff, Podhurst Orseck, P.A. ("Podhurst"), filed a Two Count 
Complaint against Epstein seeking money damages for Breach of Third Party 
Agreement (Count-I) and Breach of Covenant of Good Faith and Fair Dealing (Count — 
II). DE 1. 
2. In the Complaint, Plaintiff claims money damages in excess of $2,000,000, which 
allegedly represent attorneys' fees and costs incurred by Podhurst in connection with 
(a) its representation of certain individuals, (2) that certain Non-Prosecution Agreement 
and Addendum thereto (the "NPA") attached to the Complaint as exhibits and (3) breach 
of the NPA. 
EFTA00728100
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
3. There is no question that Plaintiff seeks a money damages based upon its 
allegations of breach of contract throughout the Complaint, which allows a deposit 
under Fed. R. Civ. Pro. 67. 
4. Defendant is prepared to immediately pay any sums that this court deems are 
owed by Defendant to Plaintiff. However, Epstein reasonably and in good faith believes 
that all of the monies claimed by Podhurst are in fact not reasonably recoverable 
against Epstein. 
5. Therefore, Defendant, by and through his undersigned attorneys, hereby moves 
the court, pursuant to Fed. R.. Civ. P. 67 and Local rule 67.1, for leave to deposit with 
the court the amount of $2,000,000, such being substantially all of the contested funds 
claimed under the Complaint (DE 1), on the grounds that no funds be released to 
Plaintiff until such time as an appropriate judicial decision is made regarding the claims 
asserted in this action and an appropriate order/judgment is entered by the court 
addressing same. 
6. Rule 67, Deposit into Court, provides as follows: 
(a) Depositing Property. If any part of the relief sought is a money 
judgment or the disposition of a sum of money or some other deliverable 
thing, a party--on notice to every other party and by leave of court--may 
deposit with the court all or part of the money or thing, whether or not that 
party claims any of it. The depositing party must deliver to the clerk a copy 
of the order permitting deposit. 
(b) Investing and Withdrawing Funds. Money paid into court under this 
rule must be deposited and withdrawn in accordance with 28 U.S.C. 
2041 and 2042 and any like statute. The money must be deposited in an 
interest-bearing account or invested in a court-approved, interest-bearing 
instrument. 
EFTA00728101
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
7. Epstein seeks an order from this Court permitting the deposit on the clerk of court 
in order to assure that the clerk knows what is being deposited and what the clerk's 
responsibilities are with respect to said deposit including, but not limited to, pending a 
determination of what amount deposited should be paid to Podhurst, in whole or in part, 
and/or whether a certain sum should be returned to Epstein. 
Once an order is so 
entered, Epstein, through his attorneys, will serve the order entered upon the clerk of 
court as required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 67 and Local Rule 67.1. 
8. Allowing such a deposit is permissible pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 67, and courts 
frequently require that the funds be so deposited so that it may be preserved. 
9. Notice has been given to all parties by virtue of the filing of this Motion. 
Wherefore, Epstein requests that the court enter an order granting Epstein leave to 
deposit the $2,000,000 into the Registry of the Court, and directing the clerk to accept 
same, advising the clerk of its responsibilities with respect to said deposit including, but 
not limited to, pending a determination of what amount deposited should be paid to 
Podhurst, in whole or in part, and/or whether a certain sum should be returned to 
Epstein after a final determination has been made, ordering that the clerk not release 
any funds until such time as an order/judgment has been entered, advising the clerk, if 
applicable, where to deposit said funds (i.e., with the Treasurer of the United States or a 
designated depositary in the name and to the credit of such court), and for such other 
and further relief as the court deems just and proper. 
By:  /s/ Michael J. Pike 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
EFTA00728102
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being 
served this day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the 
manner specified by CM/ECF on this 18TH day of May, 2010: 
Respectfully submitted, 
By:  /s/ Michael J. Pike 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
ach, FL 33401 
Phone 
Fax 
efendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Service List 
Steven C. Marks, Esq. (FBN 516414) 
Peter Prieto, Esq. (FBN 501492 
John Gravante, Es . FBN 617113) 
PODHURST ORSECK, 
. 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
City National bank Building 
W. Flagler Street, Suite #800 
Miami, FL 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
EFTA00728103

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728104.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
EPSTEIN'S MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
REGARDING THE DEPOSITION OF STORY COWLES 
AND INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN ("Epstein"), pursuant to Rule 26(c), Federal Rules of 
Civil Procedure, moves for a protective order to prohibit the deposition of Story Cowles, and 
states: 
I. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe (Case No. 08-80893), noticed the deposition of Story Cowles 
for May 12, 2010 (Notice and Subpoena attached as Exhibit A). 
2. 
Mr. Cowles was hired by Jack Goldberger, Esq., co-counsel for Mr. Epstein, on 
July 16, 2008 and has been employed by Mr. Goldberger since that time. Mr. Cowles was hired 
as Mr. Goldberger's law office assistant to be directly involved only with Mr. Epstein's case 
while he was serving his jail sentence at the Palm Beach County Stockade. Mr. Cowles was 
employed to be, among other things, a conduit for information between the attorneys (criminal 
EFTA00728104
--- PAGE 2 ---
and civil) and Mr. Epstein. 
ee Affidavit of Jack Goldberger attached as Exhibit B and affidavit 
of Story Cowles attached as Exhibit C. 
3. 
Mr. Goldberger, as well as Mr. Epstein's civil attorneys, have used Mr. Cowles to 
transmit attorney-client and work product information and documents to Mr. Epstein with the 
clear understating and belief that the communications to Mr. Epstein from his attorneys and staff, 
and from Mr. Epstein to his attorneys and staff, would be protected by the attorney-client and 
work product privileges. See Exhibit B; see also Affidavit of 
D. Critton, Jr. attached as 
Exhibit D. 
4. 
Mr. Cowles did not know, nor did he have any knowledge of, Mr. Epstein prior to 
his employment with Mr. Goldberger. See Exhibit C. 
5. 
Mr. Cowles did not know, nor did he have any knowledge of, 
prior 
to his employment with Mr. Goldberger. 
ee Exhibit C. 
6. 
While Mr. Cowles and Ms. 
have dated and continue to date, they 
specifically have not and do not discuss the facts of the cases against her and Mr. Epstein. See 
Exhibit C. 
7. 
Moreover, all plaintiffs who have sued Mr. Epstein have based their claims on a 
time period prior to October 2005 (or even earlier). As Mr. Cowles was not hired by Mr. 
Goldberger until July 2008, he has no personal knowledge of any relevant information. See 
Exhibit C. 
8. 
Mr. Epstein has never discussed the claims asserted against him with Mr. Cowles 
other than when his attorneys were present or when he was transmitting information between 
Epstein and his attorneys. ee Exhibit C. 
EFTA00728105
--- PAGE 3 ---
9. 
In October, 2009, Mr. Cowles was subpoenaed for a deposition in the companion 
state court case M. v. Epstein for the purpose of establishing the address of 
Counsel for Jane Doe was also seeking to depose Mr. Cowles. See 10/07/09 Correspondence 
attached as Exhibit E. Thereafter, counsel for Jane Doe, counsel for M. and Epstein's counsel 
agreed on a conference call that Mr. Cowles would not be deposed if Ms. 
was made 
available for her deposition, which she was in April, 2010. See Affidavit of Michael J. Pike 
attached as Exhibit F and 10/13/09 E-mail from Spencer Kuvin attached as Exhibit G. While 
counsel for Jane Doe did not confirm this agreement in writing, he represented same in the 
aforementioned telephone conference. See Exhibit F. Now counsel for Jane Doe appears to be 
going back on his word and reneging on his agreement by attempting to depose Mr. Cowles. 
The Court should not condone this type of duplicitous conduct and hold counsel for Jane Doe to 
his word. 
10. 
Rule 26(c), Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, provides that, "[a] party or any 
person from whom discovery is sought may move for a protective order in the court where the 
action is pending.... The court may, for good cause, issue an order to protect a party or person 
from annoyance, embarrassment, oppression, or undue burden or expense, including one or more 
of the following: (A) forbidding the disclosure or discovery." 
II. 
Moreover, "a party may not discover documents and tangible things that are 
prepared in anticipation of litigation or for trial by or for another party or its representative 
(including the other party's attorney ... or agent)." See Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(3)(A) (emphasis 
added). The court must also "protect against disclosure of the mental impressions, conclusions, 
opinions, or legal theories of a party's attorney or other representative concerning the 
litigation. See Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(3)(B) (emphasis added). Rule 26 makes clear that the work 
EFTA00728106
--- PAGE 4 ---
product privilege extends to paralegals, investigators and legal assistants — agents or 
representatives of a party's attorney. 
12. 
The attorney-client privilege also extends to subordinates of a party's attorney. 
See Seebeck v. General Motors Corp., 1996 WL 742914 (N.D. Ga. 1996). In Seebeck, the court 
noted that to invoke the attorney client privilege: 
(1) the asserted holder of the privilege is ... a client; (2) the person 
to whom the communication was made (a) is a member of a bar of 
a court or his subordinate and (b) in connection with this 
communication is acting as a lawyer; (3) the communication 
relates to a fact of which the attorney was informed (a) by his 
client (b) without the presence of strangers (c) for the purpose of 
securing primarily either (i) an opinion on law or (ii) legal services 
or (iii) assistant in some legal proceedings, and not (d) for the 
purpose of committing a crime or tort; and (4) the privilege has 
been (a) claimed and (b) not waived by the client. 
Id. at *2 (emphasis added), agi U.S. v. Noriega, 917 F.2d 1543, 1550 (1 I th Cir. 1990). 
13. 
In Seeback the court granted a protective order where a party sought to discover 
information from a party's investigator. The investigator submitted an affidavit (substantially 
similar to the affidavits submitted in support of the instant motion) in which he attested that he 
was hired by GM with the understanding that communications would be protected by the 
attorney-client privilege, that he was retained to perform work in anticipation of litigation, and 
that the identities of persons interviewed by the him and legal assistants reflected attorney-client 
communications and work product information. 1996 WL 742914 at *2. The court agreed and 
entered a protective order, concluding that "Nile nature of the information set forth in the 
affidavit is sufficiently compressive to establish the privileged nature of the material sought." Id. 
at *3. See also S.E.C. v. World-Wide Coin Investments, Ltd., 92 F.R.D. 65, 66-67 (N.D. Ga. 
1981) (denying defendant's motion to compel an investigator to produce documents and answer 
deposition questions, finding that the documents prepared by the investigator were protected by 
EFTA00728107
--- PAGE 5 ---
the work product privilege and that any communications between the investigator and attorneys 
and staff were protected by the attorney-client privilege); Huet v. Tromp, 912 So. 2d 336 (Fla. 
5th DCA 2005) (quashing trial court's discovery order denying motion for protective order to 
prohibit deposition of defendant's investigators); Quarles & Brady, LLP v. Birdsall, 802 So. 2d 
1205, 1206 (Fla. 2d DCA 2002) (quashing order compelling law firm secretary to answer 
deposition questions regarding her conversations with her supervising partner as the questions 
invaded the attorney-client privilege). 
14. 
Regarding the scope of discovery, Judge Linnea Johnson noted in her October 28, 
2009 Omnibus Order (DE #377), "[w]hile the scope of discovery is broad, it is not without 
limits. Washington v. 
& Williamson Tobacco 959 F.2d 1566, 1570 (11th Cir. 1992). 
Indeed the 2000 Amendment to Rule 26 has effectively limited the scope of discoverable 
information to those matters which are relevant to a claim or defense in the lawsuit. Dellacas.
LLC v. 
Moriarty & Ass. of Fla., Inc., 2007 WL 4117261 at*3 (S.D. Fla. 2007). Courts 
have long held that `[w]hile the standard of relevancy [in discovery] is a liberal one, it is not so 
liberal as to allow a party to roam in the shadow zones of relevancy and to explore matter which 
does not presently appear germane on the theory that it might conceivably become so.' Food 
Lion. Inc. v. United Food & Commercial Workers Intern. Union, 103 F.3d 1007, 1012-13 (C.A. 
D.C. 1997) (string cite omitted)." (Emphasis added). 
15. 
Also, 
in 
the 
related 
matter 
of 
Epstein 
v. 
Rothstein, 
Case 
No. 
502009CA040800)OOOCMBAG, Judge Crow entered an order on April 19, 2010 (attached as 
Exhibit H), in which he granted a protective order regarding the depositions of Michael Fisten 
and Rick Fandrey, investigators previously employed by Rothstein, Rosenfeldt & Adler 
("RRA"). As the Court may recall, RRA represented Jane Doe prior to its implosion. 
EFTA00728108
--- PAGE 6 ---
16. 
While Epstein sought to depose Mr. Fisten and Mr. Fandrey regarding their 
knowledge of Scott Rothstein's Ponzi scheme, the Court nevertheless entered a protective order 
prohibiting their depositions until Epstein can "establish the relevance and discoverability of the 
information." See Exhibit H. 
17. 
Yet unlike Fisten and Fandrey who likely have non-privileged information 
regarding Scott Rothstein's massive fraud and admitted criminal activity, any information that 
Mr. Cowles might have is protected by the attorney-client and work product privileges. 
18. 
As a practical matter, if the Court permits the deposition of Mr. Cowles, what is to 
prevent Jane Doe and other plaintiffs from attempting to depose other paralegals, secretaries, 
legal assistants, investigators or even attorneys employed by Epstein? As Judge Johnson noted, 
"while the scope of discovery is broad, it is not without limits." See DE #377. Jane Doe is 
clearly attempting to exceed the limits of permissible discovery in attempting to depose Mr. 
Cowles. 
19. 
Given the foregoing, it appears Jane Doe is attempting to depose Mr. Cowles for 
the sole purpose of harassing and intimidating him as he clearly has no discoverable information 
to which Jane Doe is entitled. 
20. 
Accordingly, the Court should enter a protective order to prohibit his deposition 
as he cannot possibly provide any information that is not protected by the attorney-client and 
work product privileges. 
WHEREFORE, Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, requests the Court enter a protective 
order prohibiting the deposition of Story Cowles and grant any additional relief the Court deems 
just and proper. 
By: Is/ Jack Alan Goldberger 
Florida Bar No. 262013 
EFTA00728109
--- PAGE 7 ---
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
CWECF on this 
day of  April, 2010: 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: Is/ Jack Alan Goldberger. 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Florida Bar No. 262013 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
Counsel for Plaintiffs 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119, 08-
80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 08-
80994 
C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Edwards, Esq. 
Farmer , Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Avenue 
Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-524-2820 
Fax: 954-524-2822 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-
80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
EFTA00728110
--- PAGE 8 ---
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
305 358-2800 
Fax: 305 358-2382 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 
Isidro M. M, 
Esq. 
Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datura Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561-832-7137 F 
Counsel for Plaintiff' in Related Case No. 08-
80469 
EFTA00728111

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728112.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 502008CA028051XXXXMB AB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
AS TO THE DEPOSITION OF 
Third-Party Witness, 
by and through her undersigned attorney, 
Jack A. Goldberger, and pursuant to Rule 1.280(c), Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, moves for 
a Protective Order to reschedule her deposition currently set for Monday, March 1, 2010 and 
states: 
1. 
On February 3, 2010, counsel for Plaintiff, M., filed a Notice of Taking the 
Deposition of Third-Party Witness, 
2. 
A Motion for Protective Order has been filed in Federal Court with respect to the 
same issue See Attached Exhibit A For the reasons set forth in the attached Motion, Third-Party 
Witness, 
, adopts same. 
3. 
Undersigned counsel has agreed to provide dates to reschedule Ms. 
deposition See Attached Exhibit B 
4. 
To avoid duplication, the same Motion for Protective Order is applicable in 
v. Jeffrey, Case No: 502008CA028058XXXXMB and M. v. Jeffrey Epstein, Case No: 
502008CA037319XXXMB. 
WHEREFORE, Third-Party Witness, 
respectfully requests the 
EFTA00728112
--- PAGE 2 ---
Court enter a protective order allowing her deposition to be rescheduled from March 1, 2010, to 
another date to be agreed upon by all interested parties. 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was sent by fax and U.S. Mail to the 
following addressees on this 13th day of October, 2009: 
Edwards, Esq. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, 
Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Avenue 
Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
954-524-2820 Phone 
954-524-2822 Fax 
Counsel for Plaintiff.  & EW 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
Jay Howell & Associates, P.A. 
644 Cesery Boulevard 
Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
904-680-1234 Phone 
904-680-1238 Fax 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff 
D. Critton, Esq. 
Fistos & Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman, LLP 
303 Banyan Blvd. 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Fax: 561-842-2820 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Spencer T. Kuvin, Esq. 
Leopold-Kuvin, P.A. 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
Fax: 561 697 2383 
Counsel for Plaintiff. 
ATTERBURY GOLDBERGER & WEISS, PA 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite #1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
(561) 659-8300 
By: 
JACK A. GOLDBERGER, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No: 262013 
EFTA00728113

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728114.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728114.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
DEFENDANT'S, AMENDED MOTION FOR MODIFICATION AND 
RECONSIDERATION OF THE MAGISTRATE'S ORDER DATED JUNE 1.2010 WE 
555), OR ALTERNATIVE RULE 4 APPEAL, WITH INCORPORATED OBJECTIONS 
AND MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER AND MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein (hereinafter "Epstein"), by and through his undersigned 
attorneys, hereby files his Motion for Modification and Reconsideration of the Magistrate's 
Order (DE 555) pursuant to Rule 60, or Alternative Rule 4, Rule 4(c) and Fed. R. Civ. P. 53(e) 
(the "Motion and Rule 4 Appeal"), and other applicable Federal Rules and Local Rules and 
Motion for Protective Order pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(c). In support, Epstein states: 
Procedural Background 
1. 
This court entered an order (DE 555) stating that Alfredo Rodriguez 
("Rodriguez")(DE 469), must produce, to the extent in his possession, "...any and all journal, 
notes, diaries, and writings relating to Jeffrey Epstein including the journal described by 
EFTA00728114
--- PAGE 2 ---
Rodriguez to Palm Beach Police that [allegedly] contains the names of girls who visited the 
residence." (the "journal" or "book") (DE 555, p.2) 
2. 
On of- aftAtttel- June 4, 2010, Epstein filed his initial Motion and Rule 4 Appeal 
(DE 559).1 On or about that same day, counsel for Jane Does 2-8 came into possession of the 
journal or book by and through the Federal Public Defender's office, Dave Brannon, Esq.. At or 
around that same time, Counsel for Jane Does 2-8 provided a copy of the book or journal to 
counsel for Jane Doe, Mr. Bradley Edwards. 
Upon learning of Jane Does 2-8's counsel and 
Jane Doe's counsel coming into possession of the journal or book in the face of a Rule 4 Appeal, 
the undersigned and those attorneys reached an agreement that they will not disseminate the 
book to any other third parties or attach any portion of same to any pleadings pending the 
outcome of the Rule 4 Appeal. att infra 
A roument 
3. 
As set forth in Rodriguez's deposition, he was an employee of Epstein. 
Rodriguez Deposition, Exhibit "A" at p. 12-13. 
Moreover, as an individual employee, 
Rodriguez claims he executed a confidentiality agreement with Epstein. Exhibit "A" at p. 135. 
Furthermore, in his plea agreement, Rodriguez "admitted removing [a book or journal] from 
Epstein's home without Epstein's permission. . . ." 
Plea Agreement, Exhibit "B" at p.8. In 
short, according to Rodriguez's sworn testimony (including his plea agreement), he stole the 
property from Epstein's home and neither Epstein nor anyone else gave him permission to 
remove the book or journal, conduct  which weald-be-constitutes a clear a breach of his fiduciary 
obligations as an employee, a clear breach of the Employment Agreement he testified he 
executed and, again according to Rodriguez' own representations an invasion of Epstein's 
I The initial Rule 4 Appeal has been replaced with this Amended Rule 4 Appeal and Motion for protective Order. 
Both are timely under the applicable Rule. 
EFTA00728115
--- PAGE 3 ---
privacy rights and, given Epstein's business,  potentially his commercially sensitive financial and 
trade secret information. 
4. 
 Courts have often enjoined the dissemination of confidential or private 
information wrongfully obtained from the employer by an (now) ex-employee during the course 
of his employment, either through a free-standing action for injunctive relief or in conjunction 
with a tort action for, among other things, breach of fiduciary duty. agg, a g., Saini v. 
International Game Technology, 434 F.Supp.2d 913, 924 (D.Nev. 2006)(court finds that 
company had shown likelihood of success in proving breach of implied covenant of good faith 
and fair dealing where former employee's "decision to distribute internal IGT documents to a 
party adverse to IGT in litigation demonstrates a deliberate attempt to violate the spirit of his 
confidentiality agreements with IGT;" injunction issued); see th Q In re Zvorexa Iniunction, 474 
F.Supp.2d 385, 419 (E.D.N.Y. 2007)(court has power to enjoin dissemination of stolen 
documents obtained in violation of court's protective order). Even where the employee is not 
subject to a formal confidentiality agreement, "an employee may still be enjoined from using 
confidential information where he or she has obtained such information by wrongful means, such 
as theft or intentional memorization." Tactica Intern., Inc. v. Atlantic Horizon Intern., Inc. 154 
F.Supp.2d 586, 608 (S.D.N.Y. 2001); Standard Brands, Inc. v. Zumpe, 264 F.Supp. 254, 262 
(D.La. 1967)(intemal quotation marks omitted). See A.H. Emery Co. v. Marcan Products Corp., 
268 F.Supp. 289, 299 (S.D.N.Y. 1967)("A confidential relationship exists between an employee 
and his employer. It survives the termination of his employment. It does not depend on any 
express contract. Disclosure by an employee of a trade secret entrusted to him by his employer 
in the course of his employment is a classic instance of a disclosure which constitutes a breach of 
confidence and which is therefore actionable. It is not necessary that the employee expressly 
EFTA00728116
--- PAGE 4 ---
agree not to disclose it"), aff'd 389 F.2d 11 (2d Cir. 1968), cert. denied, 393 U.S. 835 (1968). 
The simple fact is that this court must determine, in camera, what is in the "book" or "journal", 
whether it in fact was taken in violation of an employee's fiduciary and employment obligations, 
and whether it contains information that impacts the privacy and business interests of his 
employer before (rather than after) issues of dissemination, relevance, and litigation use can be 
assessed • sueh-that-relevaneyr  pfivilegesr pfivaey-inteFests-and-eenimereially-sensiftve-and-tfaThile 
seeretrivilegea-efflebe-addFessed-before-diseleat 
5. 
Upon information and belief the "book" or -journal" does in fact contain the 
names of Epstein's business associates and other highly confidential commercially sensitive 
information that would be entirely irrelevant to this action and not reasonably calculated to lead 
to the discovery of admissible evidence.'- Accordingly, there is commercially sensitive and trade 
secret information contained therein including, but not limited to, lists of business associates 
which could result in irreparable harm to Epstein if disseminated. 
Lynch v. Silcox, 2001 WL 
1200656 (S.D. Fla. 2001). 
As this court is well awaro, there aro serious 'Plir 5lhr elh, and 14th—Amendinent—implisatieas 
involved in this case. The fact that Rodriguez claims to have stolen the "book" or "journal" 
gives this court good reason to, at the very least, hold an in camera proceeding to determine if the 
confidential information-set-fefth-therein-shooki be-diselesed, 
46. 
According to Rodriguez's sworn testimony, the book or journal is stolen property 
and, thus, subject to confidentiality, privacy and fiduciary protection. This court should have had 
the opportunity to review what is in this "book" or "journal" before it ordered carte blanch 
production of same. After review and production of the book or journal to Epstein's civil 
lawyers, the court should provide Epstein an opportunity to assert various legal objections 
including, but not limited to, those under the 4th, 5th, 6'h, and 14th Amendments as well as other 
Because of the relief sought in this Rule 4 Appeal, Epstein's civil lawyers have not obtained a copy of said book or 
journal. 
EFTA00728117
--- PAGE 5 ---
legal objections and privileges such as those addressed in paragraphs 3 and 4, supra. Therefore, 
an in camera hearing should occur to determine what objections and privileges must be raised 
before further disclosure is made. U.S. v. Zolin, 491 U.S. 554, 575 (1989)(disclosing materials 
to the district court does not have the legal effect of terminating a privilege thereby allowing 
parties to disclose documents in camera and make that in camera request — especially when there 
is a question as to whether those documents were obtained by unlawful means); St. Andrews 
Park. Inc. v. U.S. Dept. of Army Corps of Engineers, 299 F.Supp.2d 1264 (S.D. Fla. 2003)(court 
determined that an in camera proceeding was appropriate when it involved a small volume of 
documents); see also In re Alberto Duque, 134 B.R. 679 (S.D. Fla. 1991)(in camera inspection 
afforded adequate protection against disclosure of any privileged documentary material). A trial 
court departs from the essential requirements of law in ordering production of confidential 
information without conducting an in camera review to determine whether the assertion of 
privilege is valid. See Westco, Inc. v. Scott Lewis' Gardening & Trimming, Inc., 26 So. 3d 620, 
622 (Fla. 4th DCA 2009). 
6,7. 
Moreover, the right to privacy encompasses at least two different kinds of 
interests, the individual interests of disclosing personal matters and the interest in independence 
in making certain kinds of important decisions. Favalora v. Sidaway, 966 So.2d 895 (Fla. 4th 
DCA 2008). The Supreme Court has "consistently held that a person has no legitimate 
expectation of privacy in information he voluntarily turns over to the third parties." Smith v. 
Maryland, 442 U.S. 735, 743-44, 99 S.Ct. 2577, 2582 (1979). To the extent this "book" or 
"journal" exists, Rodriguez admitted that he took same without Epstein's permission. Therefore, 
Epstein could not have voluntarily given same to him and, as such, Epstein has not waived any 
objections, privileges and/or privacy interests in the "book" or "journal.". Likewise, Article 1, s. 
EFTA00728118
--- PAGE 6 ---
23, Right of Privacy, provides that every natural person has the right to be let alone and free from 
governmental intrusion into the person's private life. Colorado v. Bertine, 479 U.S. 367, 387 
(1986); State v. Jardines, 9 So.3d 1 (Fla. 3d DCA 2008)(the Fourth Amendment clearly protects 
the right of people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers and effects from intrusions); New 
Jersey v. T.L.O., 469 U.S. 325, 375 (1985)(search of a woman's purse by a school administrator 
is a serious invasion of her legitimate expectation of privacy). Based upon the foregoing, 
Epstein should be afforded his due process rights to in camera judicial  review of this alleged 
"book" and/or "journal" in an effort to determine what, if any, legal objections and privileges 
should be assefteelvindicated prior to any disclosure or use of its contents by civil plaintiffs 
adversarial to the rights of the defendant; -befer-e-eliselepsur-e, 
6. 
Next, upon review of the book or journal by Epstein's criminal lawyer, Jack 
Goldberger, Esq., it appeam thc "book" or "journal" doca contain the namea of Epatcin's 
busiftetts-asseeimes-antl-ether--highlr eetifttleyttitt4-eemtitereittilt settstitive-infermatiett-thttt-wett4d 
he entirely irrelevant to thio action and not rca:;onably calculated to lead to the diccovery of 
admiscible cvidence. 
Accordingly, theFe-is-seemeceially-sectsitive-amil-tratile-seeret-infematien 
euntaineitl-therein-ineludingr  but-aet-timitetil-ter  lists-ef--kesiness-assesiates-whieh-seukl-result-th 
irreparable-hartn-te-E-pstein-if disseminated. 
Lynch v. Sikox 2004-41/1-1-2006-56-(STD,Flik 
2001). 
Motion for Protective Order 
Z8. 
Rule 26(c), Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, provides the Court with the power 
to "issue an order to protect a party or person from annoyance, embarrassment, oppression, or 
Because of the relief sought in this Rule 4 Appeal, Epstein's civil lawyers have not obtained a copy of said book or 
journal. 
EFTA00728119
--- PAGE 7 ---
undue burden or expense, including ... (D) forbidding inquiry into certain matters, or limited the 
scope of disclosure or discovery to certain matters." 
:_While 
the scope of discovery is broad, it is not without limits. Washington v. 
Brown & Williamson Tobacco, 959 F.2d 1566, 1570 (11th Cir. 1992). Courts have long held 
that while the standard of relevancy in discovery is a liberal one, it is not so liberal as to allow a 
party to roam in the shadow zones of relevancy and to explore matters which does not presently 
appear germane on the theory that it might conceivably become so. Food Lion. Inc. v. United 
Food & Commercial Workers Intern. Union, 103 F.3d 1007, 1012-13 (C.A. D.C. 1997) (string 
cite omitted). See also Capco Properties, LLC v. Monterry Gardens of Pinecrest Condo., 982 So. 
2d 1211, (Fla. 3d DCA 2008) (holding that discovery in civil cases must be relevant to the 
subject matter of the case and must be admissible or reasonably calculated to lead to admissible 
evidence); Morton Plant Hospital Ass'n. Inc. v. Shahbas, 960 So. 2d 820, 824 (Fla. 2d DCA 
2007) (holding that "discovery should be denied when it has been established that the 
information requested is neither relevant to any pending claim or defense nor will it lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence " chin Tanchel v. Shoemaker, 928 So. 2d 440, 442 (Fla. 5th 
DCA 2006)). 
940. Accordingly, consistent with counsels' agreement noted above, a protective order 
should further be entered ordering that counsel for Jane Doe and counsel for Jane Does 2-8 not 
disseminate the book to any third parties other than the Court  through the pendency of the Rule 4 
Appeal and not attach any portions thereof to any pleading,. 
he-pfeduee44n-eamefa7 
40711. Court's have observed that private documents collected during discovery are not 
judicial records. United States v. Anderson, 799 F.2d 1438, 1441 (11th Cir.1986). Thus, while 
EFTA00728120
--- PAGE 8 ---
the public may enjoy the right of access to "pleadings, docket entries, orders, affidavits or 
depositions duly filed," Wilson v. American Motors Corp. 759 F.2d 1568, 569 (11th Cir. 1985) 
(emphasis added), common-law right of access does not extend to information collected through 
discovery which is not a matter of public record. See Seattle Times Co. v. Rhinehart, 467 U.S. 
20, 33, 104 S.Ct. 2199, 2207, 81 L.Ed.2d 17 (1984); Anderson, 799 F.2d at 1441; United States 
v. Gurney, 558 F.2d 1202, 1209 (5th Cir.1977), cert. denied sub nom., Miami Herald Publishing 
Co. v. ICrentzman, 435 U.S. 968, 98 S.Ct. 1606, 56 L.Ed.2d 59 (1978). 
41712. In addition, discovery is neither a public process nor typically a matter of public 
record. Historically, discovery materials were not available to the public or press. See Seattle 
Times Co. v. Rhinehart, 467 U.S. at 32-34, (pretrial interrogatories and depositions "were not 
open to the public at common law"); Gannett Co. v. DePasquale 443 U.S. 368, 396, 99 S.Ct. 
2898, 2914, 61 L.Ed.2d 608 (1979) (Burger, C.J., concurring) ("[I]t has never occurred to 
anyone, so far as I am aware, that a pretrial deposition or pretrial interrogatories were other than 
wholly private to the litigants."). Moreover, documents collected during discovery are not 
"judicial records." Discovery, whether civil or criminal, is essentially a private process because 
the litigants and the courts assume that the sole purpose of discovery is to assist trial preparation. 
That is why parties regularly agree, and courts often order, that discovery information will 
remain private. 
-1-213. The request sought herein is reasonable as Mr. Edwards himself in the vast has 
spoken to the media several times as evidenced by his own affidavit attached hereto as Exhibit 
"C" at paragraphs 14-28. 
14. 
 Based upon the foregoing, the journal is not a "public" document subject to 
dissemination to any third parties, including counsel for Jane Doe and Jane Does 2-8. 
EFTA00728121
--- PAGE 9 ---
Nevertheless, the court ordered that the journal or book be produced to Mr. Horowitz who then 
subsequently produced it to counsel for Jane Doe, Mr. Bradley Edwards and it was produced 
prior to the defendant being able to intervene and seek reconsideration. appeal. or a protective 
order. 121/44
14erewitz-and-N4r,E4wards-are-niefFils.es-ef-the-publie-and-Shektid-ftet-kave-heen 
afferdeel-aeeess4e-the-jounial-of-Iseek. As such, a protective order should be entered requiring 
Mr. Horowitz and Mr. Edwards from further disseminating the journal and hook, from attaching 
any portion of same to any pleadings, or from in anyway relying on the contents of and-returning 
the journal or book to advance their litigation interests or to contact third parties identified 
therein. 
44,15 It is therefore requested that the original and any copies of the journal or book be 
placed under seal and returned to the Federal Public Defender, David Brannon, pending the 
outcome of this Motion and/or alternative Rule 4 Appeal. 
Local Rule 7.1 Certification 
Counsel for the movant conferred with counsel for Jane Doe and Jane Does 2-8 and, with 
the exception of the agreement outlined above, no other agreements were reached. 
WHEREFORE, Epstein requests that this court enter an order: 
a. 
granting the relief requested above inclusive of a modification of 
the order and/or reconsideration of same for the reasons set out above; 
b. 
finding that an in camera hearing should occur to determine if 
any privileges, objections, privacy interests, and/or discovery objections can be made by Epstein 
before further disclosure is made and granting a reasonable time to do so; 
c. 
ordering that a protective order be entered requiring that Mr. 
Horowitz and Mr. Edwards not disseminate the journal and book to any third parties, that each of 
them return same and all copies of same to the Federal Public Defender, David Brannon, pending 
the outcome of this Amended Rule 4 Appeal and that they refrain from attaching any portion of 
the book or journal to any pleadings; 
EFTA00728122
--- PAGE 10 ---
d. 
likewise, if this court rules that the "book" or' journal" should or 
was rightfully produced, Epstein respectfully requests that it do so only after an in camera 
hearing allowing the document to be reviewed and placed on a privilege log outlining why the 
content of those documents have no relevance and establishing why the danger of disclosure is 
more prejudicial than probative, and after this court determines what portions of the requested 
document should be deemed privileged including, but not limited to, what portions should be 
protected from disclosure due to the confidentiality and privacy interests, trade secret and 
commercially sensitive financial and business information. Again, the foregoing should only 
occur after this court ensures that the document (i.e., the "journal" or "book") produced is the 
subject of a heightened-confidentiality/protective order where disclosure will result in the 
disclosing party being held in contempt of court; and 
e. 
or, alternatively, reversing the Magistrate's Order relative to the 
carte blanch production of the "journal" or "book" (DE 555) pursuant to Mag. J. Rule 4, S.D. 
Fla. for the reasons set out above; 
f. 
for such other and further relief as this Court deems just and 
proper. 
By: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar #224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was being served this day on all 
counsel of record identified on the following Service List via electronic mail (EMAIL) on this 
day of 
2010. 
Respectfully submitted, 
By:  
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTHER & COLEMAN 
303 Banyan Blvd., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone 
Fax 
EFTA00728123
--- PAGE 11 ---
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, M. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami. FL 33160 
Fax: 
Counsel for Plaintiffs 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119, 08-
80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 08-
80994 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, M. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
FL 33401-5012 
Counsel for Defendant Jefj•ey Epstein 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Fanner, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos 
& Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave. 
Suite #2 
Fort LanderdAle FT. 11301 
Phone 
Fax: 
Cmailto:bedwardserra-law.comounse/for
Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
UT 84112 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Tara A. Finnigan, Esq. 
Garcia Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datura Street, Suite 900 
ch, FL 33401 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-
80469 
EFTA00728124
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00728125

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728126.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728126.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 502008CA037319XXXXMB AB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
and 
Defendants. 
Defendant Epstein's Motion For 
Sanctions Against Spencer Kuvin, Esq. , Motion For Protective Order And 
Alternative Motion To Identify 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN ("Mr. Epstein"), by and through his 
undersigned attorneys and pursuant to 1.280 Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, 
hereby moves for an Order of Sanctions Against Spencer Kuvin, Esq., Motion for 
Protective Order and Motion to Identify 
In support, Epstein states as 
follows: 
1. 
Mr. Epstein's deposition was set for September 2, 2009, and Mr. 
Epstein was in attendance for said deposition. 
2. 
Mr. Epstein is represented in this action by both the undersigned and 
his criminal attorney, Jack Goldberger, Esq., and both were present for the above 
deposition. 
3. 
Spencer Kuvin, counsel for Plaintiff, E., was the attorney scheduled 
to take Mr. Epstein's deposition. 
4. 
The deposition was set to timely begin at 10:00 a.m. 
EFTA00728126
--- PAGE 2 ---
v. E stet 
Case No. 2008CA037319)0=MBAB 
Page 2 of 11 
5. 
Directly after asking Mr. Epstein his name, Mr. Kuvin then asked Mr. 
Epstein, "[i]s it true, sir, that you have what's been described as an egg-shaped 
penis." See Exhibit "A." Accordingly, Mr. Kuvin chose to immediately set the tone 
of the deposition in a sarcastic and demeaning manner in an effort to harass, 
embarrass, humiliate and intimidate Mr. Epstein, thereby disregarding the entire 
deposition process. The undersigned made the appropriate objection and warned 
Mr. Kuvin that if this line of questioning continued the deposition would be 
adjourned. See Exhibit "A". In an attempt to continue to embarrass, humiliate, 
harass and intimidate Mr. Epstein, Mr. Kuvin continued with this line of questioning 
by referencing a document that Mr. Kuvin did not provide to the witness or to 
undersigned counsel and then by asking the following: "[s]ir, according to the police 
department's probable cause affidavit, one witness described your penis as oval 
shaped and claim[ed], when erect, it was thick towards the bottom but was thin and 
small - - towards the head portion, and called it egg-shaped . . . ." It was clear from 
Mr. Kuvin's tenor that his goal from the outset was not to have a meaningful 
deposition regarding the facts of his client's case. Instead, his goal was clear- to 
use the deposition process to embarrass, humiliate, intimidate and harass Mr. 
Epstein and thereafter contact the media and provide it with a copy of said 
deposition. 
6. 
Mr. Kuvin knew full well that Epstein would invoke his Fifth, Sixth and 
Fourteenth Amendment privileges afforded him under the United States Constitution. 
Mr. Kuvin also knew an order was issued in the related Federal Court proceedings 
sustaining Epstein's 5th Amendment privilege as to questions that, if answered, 
EFTA00728127
--- PAGE 3 ---
v. 
stein 
ase No. 2008CA037319XXXXMBAB 
Page 3 of 11 
would violate that privilege due to the testimonial aspect of any compelled answer or 
production request. Since Mr. Kuvin knew full well that Epstein would invoke his 
constitutional privileges, he chose to conduct the deposition in a manner that would 
harass and humiliate Mr. Epstein in an effort to gain media attention for Mr. 
Kuvin. 
7. 
Mr. Kuvin's intention to harass and humiliate Epstein at the September 
2, 2009 deposition was further revealed by virtue of Mr. Kuvin filing a Motion, the 
very next day, seeking to photograph Epstein's penis. Then, shortly after filing that 
motion, Mr. Kuvin provided the media and/or the Palm Beach Post with a copy of 
Epstein's video-deposition, which was posted on the Palm Beach Post's website and 
other sites on the internet. This made Mr. Kuvin very happy, and is consistent with 
what Mr. Kuvin told Jack Goldberger, Esq., at the Palm Beach County Courthouse 
(i.e., Mr. Kuvin did not expect to make much money in this case, that he was a 
young lawyer and needed to market himself and get as much publicity as necessary 
for himself and his firm and that Epstein's case was another marketing method for 
himself and his firm). See Affidavit of Jack Goldberger, Exhibit "B". 
8. 
On September 14, 2009, a hearing was held on Plaintiffs Motion for 
Sanctions and Defendant's Motion to Terminate the September 2, 2009 deposition. 
At that hearing, the undersigned attempted to explain to this Court Mr. Kuvin's 
intention to gain media attention for his client and himself. 
9. 
Shortly after that hearing, Mr. Kuvin, on or about September 17, 2009, 
provided the media with an interview regarding the Non-Prosecution Agreement (the 
"NPA"). Interestingly, Mr. Kuvin's client is not even listed on the NPA. Yet, Mr. 
EFTA00728128
--- PAGE 4 ---
•
 v. Epstein 
Case No. 2008CA037319XXXXMBAB 
Page 4 of 11 
Kuvin felt compelled, once again, to harness the opportunity to speak to the media 
about his client's case and about Jeffrey Epstein. 
Mr. Kuvin stated: "Epstein 
victimized at least 33 girls. He could've faced at least 33 life sentences had he been 
convicted under these charges: See Exhibit "C". "It's extremely unfair, extremely 
unfair to the 33 girls because it essentially brushes them aside as though nothing 
happened to them and it wasn't a big deal." Id. "There's no other person, no other 
person who would've gotten such a sweetheart deal had they not been as wealthy 
and as powerful as Jeffrey Epstein." Id. Are these comments not prejudicial to the 
administration of justice? Clearly, these comments, without supporting evidence, 
are nothing more than hyperbole and would never reach a jury. Nonetheless, Mr. 
Kuvin chose to make the comments in an effort to prejudice Epstein's right to a fair 
trial. 
10. 
Mr. Kuvin solicits much publicity for himself and for his client who 
continues to travel under the pseudonym ■.. 
See Exhibit "D", Palm Beach Post 
September 4, 2009 article, Exhibit "E", Palm Beach Post Daily News July 13, 2009 
article, Exhibit "F", Palm Beach Post Daily News July 2, 2009 article, Exhibit "G", 
Palm Beach Post 2009 article by Larry Keller, and Exhibit "H", Palm Beach Daily 
News Shiny Sheet July 22-25, 2009 article. Moreover, some of the articles involving 
Jeffrey Epstein are directly "linked" to the Leopold-Kuvin website found at 
www.leopoldkuvin.com.
11. 
Mr. Kuvin forgets certain important points. First, Mr. Kuvin forgets that 
there remain several cases filed against Jeffrey Epstein in Palm Beach County — 
only one of which is his client. In that regard, Mr. Kuvin's pretrial-publicity stunts are 
EFTA00728129
--- PAGE 5 ---
M, v. Epstein 
Case No. 2008CA037319XXXXMBAB 
Page 5 of 11 
not only affecting the jury pool for his client, M., but may also be affecting the jury 
pool for the remaining cases. Second, Mr. Kuvin has taken a position opposite of his 
client's wish to remain anonymous and travel under the pseudonym, M.. Finally, 
Mr. Kuvin forgets his oath which reads, in pertinent part: "I will abstain from all 
offensive personality and advance no fact prejudicial to the honor or reputation of a 
party or witness, unless required by the justice of the cause for which I am charged." 
Mr. Kuvin took this oath; however, his publicity seems more important than the very 
oath he swore to uphold. 
Motion for Sanctions 
12. 
The trial court has inherent authority to award sanctions for various 
abuses and to govern its courtroom, including the improper and self serving delivery 
of a video deposition to the media. See infra for argument on media not having a 
right to pretrial discovery. 
13. 
Rule 4-3.6, Rules Regulating the Florida Bar, states, in pertinent part: 
(a) Prejudicial Extrajudicial Statements Prohibited. A lawyer shall not make 
an extrajudicial statement that a reasonable person would expect to be 
disseminated by means of public communication if the lawyer knows or 
reasonably should know that it will have a substantial likelihood of materially 
prejudicing an adjudicative proceeding due to its creation of an imminent and 
substantial detrimental effect on that proceeding. 
(b) Statements of Third Parties. A lawyer shall not counsel or assist another 
person to make such a statement. Counsel shall exercise reasonable care to 
prevent investigators, employees, or other persons assisting in or associated with 
a case from making extrajudicial statements that are prohibited under this rule. 
14. 
Mr. Kuvin violated Rule 4-3.6 by delivering the video-taped deposition 
(or causing same to be delivered) in a calculated effort to gain a media advantage, 
to try his case in the media, to obtain media coverage for himself and his firm, to 
EFTA00728130
--- PAGE 6 ---
Wy,_Eogoio 
Case No. 2008CA037319:O=MBAB 
Page 6 of 11 
prejudice any future jury pool and to better position his case in the public light. This 
is clearly effecting Epstein's right to obtain a fair and just trial. State ex rel. Miami 
Herald Pub. Co. v. McIntosh, 340 So.2d 904, 910-11(1976)(Muzzling lawyers who 
may wish to make public statements to gain public sentiment for their clients has 
long been recognized as within court's inherent power to control professional 
conduct). 
15. 
The issues of whether a party is acting in good ■ 
and whether to 
award attorney fees are issues expressly addressed to the trial court's exercise of 
discretion. See Event Services America, Inc. v. Ragusa 917 So.2d 882 (Fla. 3d 
DCA 2005). As the Florida Supreme Court later explained, Icilearly, a trial judge 
has the inherent power to do those things necessary to enforce its orders, to conduct 
its business in a proper manner, and to protect the court from acts obstructing the 
administration of justice." Levin, Middlebrooks, Mabie, 
Maves & Mitchell, 
P.A. v. United States Fire Ins. Co., 639 So.2d 606, 608-09 (Fla. 1994). Most 
recently, the Supreme Court in Bitterman v. Bitterman, 714 So.2d 356, 365 (Fla. 
1998), recognized the inherent authority of a trial court to award attorneys' fees for 
bad 
conduct against a party, even though no statute authorizes an award: 
The inequitable conduct doctrine permits the award of attorneys Ss 
where one party has exhibited egregious conduct or acted in bad
.
Attorney's fees based on a party's inequitable conduct have been 
recognized by other courts in this country. See Vaughan v. Atkinson, 369 
U.S, 527, 530-31, 82 S.Ct. 997, 8 L.Ed.2d 88 (1962) (awarding attorney's 
fees based on respondent's "recalcitrance" and "callous" attitude); Rolax v. 
Atlantic Coast Line R.R. Co., 186 F.2d 473, 481 (4th Cir. 12951) (holding 
that attorney's fees were justified because" plaintiffs of small means have 
been subjected to discriminatory and Oppressive conduct by a powerful 
labor organization'). We note that this doctrine is rarely applicable. 
is 
reserved for those extreme cases where a party acts In bad M, 
EFTA00728131
--- PAGE 7 ---
goatein 
Case No. 2O08CA037319)OOOCPABAB 
Page 7 of 11 
vexatiously, wantonly, or for oppressive reasons." Foster v. Tourtellotte, 
704 F.2d 1109, 1111 (9th Cir. 1983)(quoting F.D. Rich Co. v. United States 
ex rel. Industrial Lumber Cqiiji7  U.S. 116, 129, 94 S.Ct. 2157, 2165, 40 
L.Ed.2d 703 (1974)). "Bad 
may be found not only in the actions that 
led to the lawsuit, but also in the conduct of the litigation." Doqherra v. 
Safeway Stores, Inc. 678 F.2d 1293, 1298 (9th Cir. 1982) (quoting Hall v. 
Cole, U.S. 1, 1593 S.Ct. 1943, 1951, 36 L.Ed.2d 702 (1973)). 
16. 
In the instant case, it is reasonable to say that the trial court could and 
should conclude that Mr. Kuvin's conduct was vexatious in nature, and done for the 
purposes of embarrassing Epstein and, more significantly, for the purposes of bring 
media attention to himself. This type of careless and rogue behavior should not be 
tolerated. 
Motion for Protective Order 
17. 
The press is not entitled to pretrial discovery including, but not 
limited to, depositions, interrogatory responses and the like. 
Palm Beach 
Newspapers v. Burk, 471 So.2d 571 )Fla. 4th DCA 1985). "Non-filed depositions are 
not court records available to the press? Id. at 575. "Similarly, during the last 40 
years in which the pretrial processes have been enormously expanded, it has never 
occurred to anyone, so far as I am aware, that a pretrial deposition or pretrial 
interrogatories were other than wholly private to the litigants. A pretrial deposition 
does not become part of a "trial" until and unless the contents of the deposition are 
offered in evidence." Id. at 574. "A deposition does not become evidence in a case 
unless and until admitted by ruling of the court at a trial or hearing; that depositions 
very often contain matters that are not and can never be considered as evidence, 
since the scope of inquiry on depositions is not limited as in examination of a witness 
in a judicial proceeding; that persons not even parties to the case are often 
EFTA00728132
--- PAGE 8 ---
stein
Case No. 2008CA037319XXXXMBAB 
Page 8 of 11 
compelled under process of law to divulge information that is not intended for use as 
evidence, but merely to elicit or lead to information that might explain other evidence 
or become admissible as evidence; and the taking of a deposition itself can hardly 
be categorized as a "judicial proceeding" for the simple reason that there is no judge 
present and no rulings nor adjudications of any sort are made by any judicial 
authority." Id. at 575. "Moreover, pretrial depositions and interrogatories are not 
public components of a civil trial. Id. at 576. Based upon the foregoing, an order 
from this court prohibiting the "dissemination of discovered information before trial is 
not the kind of classic prior restraint that requires exacting first Amendment scrutiny." 
Id. See also Rodriguez v. Feinstein, M.D., 734 So.2d 1162 (Fla. 3d DCA 1999)(any 
order restraining press access must consider less restrictive alternatives including, 
but not limited to, time and scope of limitations); and SCI Funeral Services of 
Florida, Inc. v. Light 811 So.2d 796 (Fla. 4th DCA 2002). 
Alternative Motion to Identify 
18. 
Mr. Kuvin has brought media attention to this case and to his client for 
the sole purpose of grandstanding, gaining a tactical advantage and to obtain media 
coverage for himself and his firm. Unfortunately for Mr. Kuvin, this conduct is in 
direct contravention with his client's wish to remain anonymous. 
19. 
In Doe v. Leolev, 185 F.R.D. 605 (D. Ct. NV 1999), a sexual 
harassment case, the court reasoned that there is no express or implied right to 
bring an action anonymously. Id. at 606. Moreover, Fed. R. Civ. P 10(a) requires 
that the complaint include the names of the parties. Id. When Plaintiffs are 
permitted to proceed anonymously, the court must employ a balancing test to decide 
EFTA00728133
--- PAGE 9 ---
M, v. Epstein 
Case No. 2008CA037319XXXXMBAB 
Page 9 of 11 
if the plaintiff has a substantial privacy interest that outweighs the presumption of 
openness in judicial proceedings. Id., citing, Doe v. Frank, 951 F.2d 320, 323 (11th
Cir. 1992)(requiring complaint to include the names of the parties serves more than 
administrative convenience, it protects the public's legitimate interests in knowing all 
the facts involved, including the identity of the parties — thus denying request to 
proceed anonymously). The factors include: 
a. whether the plaintiff is challenging governmental activity; 
b. whether the party defending the suit would be prejudiced; 
c. whether the plaintiff is required to disclose information of utmost 
intimacy; 
d. whether the plaintiff is compelled to admit an intention to engage in 
illegal conduct, thereby risking criminal prosecution; 
e. whether the Plaintiff would risk suffering injury if identified; 
f. whether the interests of children are at stake; and 
g. whether there are less drastic means of protecting the legitimate 
interests of either party. 
Doe v. Frank, 951 F.2d at 323. 
Plaintiff does not fall under any of the factors. Moreover, even if she did 
meet one of the factors, "[t]he fact that [a] Doe [Plaintiff] may suffer some 
personal embarrassment, standing alone, does not require the granting of a 
request to proceed under a pseudonym." Id• see also Doe v. Rostker 89 F.R.D. 
159 (N.D. Calif. 1981). 
Any substantial privacy interests Plaintiff has must 
outweigh the customary and constitutionally embedded presumption of openness 
to judicial proceedings, which her attorney seems to favor. Doe v. Frank, 951 
EFTA00728134
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case No. 2008CA037319XXXXMBAB 
Page 10 of 11 
F.2d at 323; Doe v. Berostron, 2009 WL 528623 (C.A.9(Or.))(denying request to 
proceed anonymously in civil action by Plaintiff where Plaintiff's arrest, 
prosecution and acquittal were matters of public record). 
20. 
In Sweetland v. State, 535 So.2d 646 (Fla. 1st DCA 1988), the court 
reasoned that the purpose of discovery is to eliminate the likelihood of surprise and 
to insure a fair opportunity to prepare for trial. Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 
1.280(b)(1); see also Surf Drugs, Inc., v. Vermette, 236 So.2d 108, 111 (Fla. 
1970)(stating that the rules of discovery should be afforded broad and liberal 
treatment to effectuate their purpose), citing, Hickman v. Taylor, 329 U.S. 495, 501, 
507 (1947). 
21. 
Next, the right to go to court to resolve disputes is a fundamental right. 
D.R. Lakes. Inc. v. Brandsmart U.S.A. of West Palm Beach, 819 So.2d 971 (Fla. 4th
DCA 2002). All litigants are afforded an equal opportunity. Lingle v. Dion, 776 So.2d 
1073 (Fla. 4th DCA 2001). The Florida Constitution establishes the right commonly 
known as access to courts. Mitchell v. Moore 786 So.2d 521 (Fla. 2001). Courts shall 
be open to any person for the redress of any injury and justice shall be administered 
without sale, denial or delay. Art. I, §21, Fla. Const.; 10A Fla. Jur. 2d, Constitutional 
Law, §360. 
22. 
Plaintiff's counsel has taken active steps in the media to taint any jury 
pool. Allowing ■., an adult, to travel under the current pseudonym is not appropriate 
while her attorney wages media war against Epstein. Plaintiff, through her attorney, 
has not resisted bringing attention to herself and her case. Therefore, Plaintiff's full 
name should be disclosed. 
EFTA00728135
--- PAGE 11 ---
v. Epstein 
Case No. 2008CA037319XXXXMBAB 
Page 11 of 11 
WHEREFORE, Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, respectfully requests the Court 
enter an order sanctioning Mr. Kuvin, entering an appropriate protective order and, 
alternatively, identifying M. in the pleadings of this case, and for any additional 
relief the Court deems just and proper. 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was sent by fax and 
U.S. Mail to the following addressees on this 
ay of Sept., 2009: 
Theodore J. Leopold, Esq. 
Spencer T. Kuvin, Esq. 
Leopold-Kuvin, P.A. 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
Fax: 561 697 2383 
Counsel for Plaintiff.. 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger & 
Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Fax: 561 835 8691 
Co-counsel for Defendant Jeffrey 
Epstein 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER 
& COLEMAN, LLP 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
(561) 842-2820 
(561) 515-3148 Fax 
By: 
D. Critton, Jr. 
Florida Bar #224162 
Michael J. Pike 
Florida Bar #617296 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00728136

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728137.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728137.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT FOR THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR 
PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
FILE NO. 502008CP003626XX)O(MB 
• 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
PLAINTIFF'S MOTION FOR SPECIAL SET HEARING 
Plaintiff, 
, hereby files her Motion for Special Set Hearing, and states as 
follows: 
1. 
Plaintiff filed an Amended Motion to Compel and for Sanctions on May 4, 
2009 regarding Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's refusal to answer certain deposition questions 
at his deposition on April 30, 2009 and requesting a date for the continuation of his 
deposition. See Motion attached as Exhibit "A". 
2. 
Plaintiff is severely prejudiced by having to delay a hearing on this matter 
until November, 2009 which is the Court's first available date for a thirty minute special 
set hearing. 
WHEREFORE, the Plaintiff respectfully requests that this Court enter an Order 
specially setting this matter for a thirty minute hearing as soon as possible, or in the 
alternative, place the instant matter on an "on-call" status at the Court's discretion, and 
grant whatever other relief the Court deems just and proper. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been forwarded 
by U.S. and Email Transmittal this/0day of August, 2009, to 
D. Critton, Jr., Esq., 
Burman, Critton, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
EFTA00728137
--- PAGE 2 ---
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33394 
Telephone (954) 522-3456 
Telecopier (954) 527-8663 
By: 
IIIIIII 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Florida Bar No. 542075 
bedwards
rra-law.com 
William J. Berger 
Florida Bar No. 197701 
H:\
 Edwards\BJE CasesM, 
(09-2278.4)Notkms1EPSTEIN M-COMPEL Motion for hearing date.doc 
EFTA00728138
--- PAGE 3 ---
,o41-aa-ray 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028058XXXXMB AD 
vs. 
) 
) ) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
PLAINTIFF'S AMENDED MOTION TO COMPEL AND FOR SANCTIONS 
Plaintiff, ■., moves to compel defendant to answer the pending question at his 
deposition and to reappear for his deposition and for sanctions on the following grounds: 
1. 
On April 30, 2009, defendant refused to answer a question (about his 
thought processes when he was sexually molesting female children) and his attorney 
terminated the deposition without a valid ground to do so. This was done because 
defendant was on the verge of saying something damaging to his case and his attorney 
wanted to shut him up. 
2. 
Pursuant to Rules 1.310(a) and 1.280(a)(2) and (4), plaintiff is entitled to an 
order compelling defendant to reappear for deposition, answer the pending question and 
others like it and pay plaintiff her reasonable fees and costs in bringing this motion. 
3. 
Plaintiff is one of dozens of female victims who, as minors, were sexually 
molested or abused by defendant during 2001 - 2005 at his palatial mansion in Palm 
Beach County, Florida. 
12E).(fri / LC 7— "a 
EFTA00728139
--- PAGE 4 ---
CASE NO.: 502008CA028058)0O0a1B AD 
4. 
Plaintiff has sued defendant for the intentional causes of action arising out of 
his monstrous actions. 
5. 
At his deposition on April 30, 2009, defendant refused to answer and 
asserted the 5th amendment over 199 times. He even took the 5th when asked if he 
intended to leave the country once he is released from custody (expected release date is 
June or July 2009). A copy of the transcript is attached as Exhibit "A". A CD video 
recording of the deposition will also be filed. 
6. 
Defendant refused to answer and his attorney terminated the deposition 
when asked the following highlighted question: 
Q. By Mr. Edwards: Mr. Epstein, did you ever care about any of the feelings of the 
minor girls that you were engaging in sex with? 
Mr. Burman: Object to the form. 
The Witness: 
I intend to respond to all relevant questions regarding this 
lawsuit. However, at the present time my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot 
provide answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit at this time, so I must accept 
their advice or I lose potential - - I risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation. And accordingly, I have to assert my Federal Constitutional rights as 
guaranteed by the Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment to the United States 
Constitution. 
Q. By Mr. Edwards: Did it ever occur to you that any of these girls were 
somebody's daughter - -
Mr. Burman: Object to the form. 
EFTA00728140
--- PAGE 5 ---
CASE NO.: 502008CA028058XXXXMB AD 
Q. By Mr. Edwards: — when you were engaging in sex with them? 
Mr. Burman: Object to the form of the question. 
The Witness: 
I intend to respond to all relevant questions regarding this 
lawsuit. However, at the present time my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot 
provide answers to these questions, as I have to accept their advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation, 
The Witness: 
Is it okay if I call you la? 
Mr. Edwards: 
You can continue. 
The Witness: 
And, accordingly, I assert my Federal Constitutional rights as 
guaranteed by the Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment to the United States 
Constitution. 
Q. By Mr. Edwards: When you were digitally penetrating these minor girls, did you 
care about the fact that you were emotionally or psychologically hurting them: 
Mr. Burman: Object to the form of the question. 
The Witness: 
I intend to respond to all relevant questions regarding this 
lawsuit. However, at the present time my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot 
provide answers to any questions relevant o this lawsuit, and I must accept this advice 
or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. 
Accordingly, I assert my Federal Constitutional rights as guaranteed by the Fifth, 
Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution. 
Q. By Mr. Edwards: We have heard over and over again that you intend to respond 
to this. When do you intend to respond to these questions. 
EFTA00728141
--- PAGE 6 ---
CASE NO.: 502008CA028058X)CaMB AD 
Mr. Burman: Object to the form. 
The Witness: 
I intend to respond to all relevant questions regarding this 
lawsuit. However, at the present time on advice of counsel I cannot provide answers 
to those questions at this time. I must accept advice of my counsel or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. 
Accordingly, I'll have to assert my Federal Constitutional rights as guaranteed by 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. 
Q. By Mr. Edwards:Isn't it true that at the time that you were sexually battering 
these minor girls, you didn't care what happened to them and only cared about your 
only personal sexual gratification. 
Mr. Burman: Object to the form. We need to talk outside. 
The Witness: 
Me too? 
The Videographer. We're off the record at 2:35. (Thereupon a brief break was 
taken.) 
The Videographer. We're back on the record at 2:36. 
Mr. Burman: For the purposes of the record, I will tell you that this line of 
questioning, in my view, is way beyond the bounds of permissible discovery-type 
questions, and nothing but pure argument, and if you continue in this vein, I will stop 
the deposition and we will seek instruction from Judge Hafele about what's permissible 
and what's not. 
Q. By Mr. Edwards:Isn't it true that at the time you were inserting your fingers into 
the vagina of these little kids, all you cared about was your own sexual gratification? 
EFTA00728142
--- PAGE 7 ---
CASE NO.: 502008CA028058XXXXMB AD 
Mr. Burman: The deposition is over. 
The Videographer: Conclude at 2:37, end of tape 2 of 2. 
Mr. Berger We're going to order instant copy, and we want the tape also, Mr. 
Videographer. 
Mr. Burman: We want this as soon as they get theirs, we want ours. 
(Thereupon, the deposition was adjourned at 2:38 p.m.) 
7. The foregoing highlighted question is proper and within the permissible scope of 
discovery in this case. 
Defendant's motives and thought processes as he was 
sexually molesting ■. and his many other child victims are relevant to the causes of 
action in the Complaint. 
8. Therefore, pursuant to Rules 1.310(a) and 1.280(a)(2) and (4), plaintiff is entitled to 
an order compelling defendant to reappear for deposition, answer the pending 
question and others like it and pay plaintiff her reasonable fees and costs in bringing 
this motion. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail aRei-Feeerntte this 
day of May, 2009 to: 
D. Critton, Jr., Esq., 
Burman, Critton, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401; 
Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 
32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. 
South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
EFTA00728143
--- PAGE 8 ---
CASE NO.: 502008CA028058XXXXMB AD 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33394 
Telephone (954) 522-3456 
Telecopier (954) 527-8663 
edwardsa Amended Motion to Compel 
By: 
Bradley J/ Edwafds 
Florida 
r No. 
2075 
bedwardserra-law.com 
William J. Berger 
Florida Bar No. 197701 
wbercerarra-law.com 
EFTA00728144

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728145.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case: 3:10-cv-00034-CVG-RM Document #: 31 Filed: 11/12/10 Page 1 of 2 
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
J.P. MPOLYNEIJX STUDIO, LTD. and 
) 
JUAN PABLO MOLYNEUX, 
) 
) 
Plaintiffs, 
) 
) 
v. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and L.S.J., LLC, 
) 
) 
Defendants. 
) 
Case No.3:10-cv-00034 
NOTICE OF MOTION 
COME NOW the Plaintiffs J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. and Juan Pablo Molyneux, 
by and through their counsel, Rosh D. Alger, and move this Court to exercise its 
discretion in the interests of justice by withholding its ruling on the Defendants' motion 
to dismiss, on the grounds that settlement papers are being prepared, for it appears that 
Plaintiffs and Defendants have reached an oral resolution of the case in controversy and 
any decision of this Court could disrupt settlement by emboldening one of the parties. In 
support of their motion, Plaintiffs rely on the attached Affirmation of their counsel, Roth 
Alger. 
DATED: November 12, 2010 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 
Respectfully submitted, 
ROSH D.ALGER, ESQUIRE, LLC 
Attorney for J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. 
and Juan Pablo Molyneux 
s/ Rosh D. Alger 
Rosh D. Alger, Esquire 
V.I. Bar Association 932 
PMB 10 Royal Dane Mall #12 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Tel. 
Fax 
EFTA00728145
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case: 3:10-cv-00034-CVG-RM Document ft: 31 Filed: 11/12/10 Page 2 of 2 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
hereby certify that pursuant to LRCi 5.4.(iX3) a true and exact copy of this 
motion and affidavit were served on the 12th day of November 2010 through Notice of 
Electronic Filing to the following: 
Denise M. Francois, Esquire 
V.I. Bar No. 285 
1340 Taarneberg 
St. Thomas VI 00802 
Tel: 
Fax 
via: 
CM/ECF (ZI I Mail K I Fax K 
Hand Delivery K 
Email K 
s/ Rosh D. Alger 
Rosh D. Alger 
VI Bar No.: 932 
Attorney for Appellant 
Rosh D. Alger Esq., LLC 
PMB 10 Royal Dane Mall 12 
St. T 
Tel: 
Fax: 
EFTA00728146
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case: 3:10-cv-00034-CVG-RM Document It: 31-1 
Filed: 11/12/10 Page 1 of 1 
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
J.P. MPOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. and 
) 
JUAN PABLO MOLYNEUX, 
) 
) 
Plaintiffs, 
) 
) 
v. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and L.S.J., LLC, 
) 
) 
Defendants. 
) 
) 
Case No.3:10-cv-00034 
AFFIDAVIT IN SUPPORT 
OF PLAINTIFFS' MOTION 
FOR A POSTPONEMENT 
OF THE COURTS DECISION ON 
DEFENDANTS' MOTION TO DISMISS 
Rosh D. Alger, being duly sworn, deposes and says:: 
I. I am counsel for Plaintiffs J.P. Molyneux Studio and Juan Pablo Molyneux and I 
make this affidavit in support of Plaintiffs' motion asking this Court to exercise 
its discretion in the interests of justice and withhold its ruling on the Defendants' 
motion to dismiss. 
2. The reason for this request is that settlement papers are being prepared, as the 
parties have reached an oral resolution of the case in controversy, and any 
decision of this Court could disrupt settlement by emboldening one of the parties. 
DATED: November 12, 2010 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 
Respectfully submitted, 
si Rosh D. Alger 
Rosh D. Alger, Esquire 
Attorney for J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. 
and Juan Pablo Molyneux 
V.I. Bar Association 932 
PMB 10 Royal Dane Mall #12 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Tel. 
Fax 
EFTA00728147

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728148.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728148.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:09-CV-80591-KAM 
Jane Doe 101, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
Jeffrey Epstein, 
Defendant. 
MOTION FOR LIMITED APPEARANCE, CONSENT TO 
DESIGNATION AND REQUEST TO ELECTRONICALLY RECEIVE 
NOTICES OF ELECTRONIC FILINGS 
In accordance with Local Rule 4.13 of the Special Rules Governing the Admission and 
Practice of Attorneys of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, the 
undersigned respectfully moves for the admission of Michael D. Shumsky, of the law firm of 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP (655 15th Street N.W., Washington, D.C. 20005, Telephone: 202-879-
5228), for purposes of limited appearance as co-counsel on behalf of Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
herein, in the above-styled case only, and pursuant to Rule 2B, Southern District of Florida, 
CM/ECF Administrative Procedures, to permit Michael D. Shumsky to receive electronic filings 
in this case, and in support thereof states as follows: 
1. 
Michael D. Shumsky is not admitted to practice in the Southern District of Florida 
and is a member in good standing of the bars of the State of Connecticut and District of 
Columbia, and is admitted to practice before the United States Supreme Court, the United States 
Courts of Appeals for the Second Circuit, Seventh Circuit, Ninth Circuit, District of Columbia 
Circuit, and Federal Circuit, and the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. 
EFTA00728148
--- PAGE 2 ---
2. 
Movant, Robert D. Critton, Esquire, of the law firm of Burman Critton Luttier & 
Coleman, P.A. (515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401, Telephone: 561-
842-2820), is a member in good standing of The Florida Bar and the United States District Court 
for the Southern District of Florida, maintains an office in this State for the practice of law, and 
is authorized to file through the Court's electronic filing system. Movant consents to be 
designated as a member of the Bar of this Court with whom the Court and opposing counsel may 
readily communicate regarding the conduct of the case, upon whom filings shall be served, who 
shall be required to electronically file all documents and things that may be filed electronically, 
and who shall be responsible for filing documents in compliance with the CM/ECF 
Administrative Procedures. See Section 2B of the CM/ECF Administrative Procedures. 
3. 
In accordance with the local rules of this Court, Michael D. Shumsky has made 
payment of this Court's $75 admission fee. A certification in accordance with Rule 4B is 
attached hereto. 
4. 
Michael D. Shumsky, by and through designated counsel and pursuant to Section 
2B, Southern District of Florida, CM/ECF Administrative Procedures, hereby requests the Court 
to provide Notice of Electronic Filings to Michael D. Shumsky at email address: 
WHEREFORE, Robert D. Critton moves this Court to enter an Order permitting Michael 
D. Shumsky to appear before this Court on behalf of Jeffrey Epstein for all purposes relating to 
the proceedings in the above-styled matter and directing the Clerk to provide notice of electronic 
filings to Michael D. Shumsky. 
EFTA00728149
--- PAGE 3 ---
Dated:  
Respectfully submitted, 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman, P.A. 
515 N. Flagler Drive 
Suite 400 
West Palm B 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attorney for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00728150
--- PAGE 4 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:09-CV-80591-KAM 
Jane Doe 101, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
Jeffrey Epstein, 
Defendant. 
CERTIFICATION OF MICHAEL D. SHUMSKY 
Michael D. Shumsky, Esquire, pursuant to Rule 4B of the Special Rules Governing the 
Admission and Practice of Attorneys, hereby certifies that (1) I have studied the Local Rules of 
the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida; and (2) I am a member in 
good standing of the bars of the State of Connecticut and District of Columbia, and am admitted 
to practice before the United States Supreme Court, the United States Courts of Appeals for the 
Second Circuit, Seventh Circuit, Ninth Circuit, District of Columbia Circuit, and Federal Circuit, 
and the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. 
EFTA00728151
--- PAGE 5 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing Motion for Limited 
Appearance. Consent to Designation and Request to Electronically Receive Notices of Electronic 
Filings was served by [specify method of service] on [date] on all counsel or parties of record on 
the service list. 
Robert D. Critton 
SERVICE LIST 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck Josefsberg et al. 
City National Bank Building 
W Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 3 
Telephone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Plaintiff Jane Doe 101 
EFTA00728152
--- PAGE 6 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:09-CV-80591-KAM 
Jane Doe 101, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
Jeffrey Epstein, 
Defendant. 
/ 
ORDER GRANTING MOTION FOR LIMITED APPEARANCE OF 
MICHAEL D. SHUMSKY, 
CONSENT TO DESIGNATION AND REQUEST TO ELECTRONICALLY 
RECEIVE NOTICES OF ELECTRONIC FILINGS 
THIS CAUSE having come before the Court on the Motion for Limited Appearance of 
Michael D. Shumsky and Consent to Designation, requesting, pursuant to Rule 4B of the Special 
Rules Governing the Admission and Practice of Attorneys in the United States District Court for 
the Southern District of Florida, permission for a limited appearance of Michael D. Shumsky in 
this matter and request to electronically receive notice of electronic filings. This Court having 
considered the motion and all other relevant factors, it is hereby 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED that: 
The Motion for Limited Appearance, Consent to Designation and Request to 
Electronically Receive Notices of Electronic Filings is GRANTED. Michael D. Shumsky is 
granted to appear and participate in this action on behalf of Jeffrey Epstein. The Clerk shall 
provide electronic notification of all electronic filings to Michael D. Shumsky at 
EFTA00728153

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728154.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:09-CV-80591-KAM 
Jane Doe 101, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
Jeffrey Epstein, 
Defendant. 
MOTION FOR LIMITED APPEARANCE, CONSENT TO 
DESIGNATION AND REQUEST TO ELECTRONICALLY RECEIVE 
NOTICES OF ELECTRONIC FILINGS 
In accordance with Local Rule 4.B of the Special Rules Governing the Admission and 
Practice of Attorneys of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, the 
undersigned respectfully moves for the admission of Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C., of the law firm of 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP (Citigroup Center, 153 East 53rd Street, New York, New York 10022-
4611, Telephone: 212-446-4970), for purposes of limited appearance as co-counsel on behalf of 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein herein, in the above-styled case only, and pursuant to Rule 2B, 
Southern District of Florida, CM/ECF Administrative Procedures, to permit Jay P. Lefkowitz, 
P.C. to receive electronic filings in this case, and in support thereof states as follows: 
1. 
Jay P. Lefkowitz is not admitted to practice in the Southern District of Florida and 
is a member in good standing of the bars of the State of New York and District of Columbia, and 
is admitted to practice before the United States Supreme Court, the United States Courts of 
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, Second Circuit, Fourth Circuit, Fifth Circuit, 
Eighth Circuit, Ninth Circuit, and Eleventh Circuit, the United States District Courts for the 
EFTA00728154
--- PAGE 2 ---
District of Columbia, Southern District of New York, Eastern District of Michigan, Eastern 
District of Wisconsin, and District of Colorado, and the United States Tax Court. 
2. 
Movant, Robert D. Critton, Esquire, of the law firm of Burman Critton Luttier & 
Coleman, P.A. (515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401, Telephone: 561-
842-2820), is a member in good standing of The Florida Bar and the United States District Court 
for the Southern District of Florida, maintains an office in this State for the practice of law, and 
is authorized to file through the Court's electronic filing system. Movant consents to be 
designated as a member of the Bar of this Court with whom the Court and opposing counsel may 
readily communicate regarding the conduct of the case, upon whom filings shall be served, who 
shall be required to electronically file all documents and things that may be filed electronically, 
and who shall be responsible for filing documents in compliance with the CM/ECF 
Administrative Procedures. See Section 2B of the CM/ECF Administrative Procedures. 
3. 
In accordance with the local rules of this Court, Jay P. Leflcowitz, P.C. has made 
payment of this Court's $75 admission fee. A certification in accordance with Rule 4B is 
attached hereto. 
4. 
Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C., by and through designated counsel and pursuant to 
Section 2B, Southern District of Florida, CM/ECF Administrative Procedures, hereby requests 
the Court to provide Notice of Electronic Filings to Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C. at email address: 
WHEREFORE, Robert D. Critton moves this Court to enter an Order permitting Jay P. 
Lefkowitz, P.C. to appear before this Court on behalf of Jeffrey Epstein for all purposes relating 
to the proceedings in the above-styled matter and directing the Clerk to provide notice of 
electronic filings to Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C. 
EFTA00728155
--- PAGE 3 ---
Dated:  
Respectfully submitted, 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
Burman Critton Luther & Coleman, P.A. 
515 N. Flagler Drive 
Suite 400 
West Palm Bei 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attorney for 
ant Jet
 Epstein 
EFTA00728156
--- PAGE 4 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:09-CV-80591-KAM 
Jane Doe 101, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
Jeffrey Epstein, 
Defendant. 
CERTIFICATION OF JAY P. LEFKOWITZ 
Jay P. Leflcowitz, P.C., Esquire, pursuant to Rule 4B of the Special Rules Governing the 
Admission and Practice of Attorneys, hereby certifies that (1) I have studied the Local Rules of 
the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida; and (2) I am a member in 
good standing of the bars of the State of New York and District of Columbia, and am admitted to 
practice before the United States Supreme Court, the United States Courts of Appeals for the 
District of Columbia Circuit, Second Circuit, Fourth Circuit, Fifth Circuit, Eighth Circuit, Ninth 
Circuit, and Eleventh Circuit, the United States District Courts for the District of Columbia, 
Southern District of New York, Eastern District of Michigan, Eastern District of Wisconsin, and 
District of Colorado, and the United States Tax Court. 
EFTA00728157
--- PAGE 5 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing Motion for Limited 
Appearance. Consent to Designation and Request to Electronically Receive Notices of Electronic 
Filings was served by CMIECF on May 26, 2009 on all counsel or parties of record on the 
service list. 
Robert D. Critton 
SERVICE LIST 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck Josefsberg et al. 
City National Bank Building 
W Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL33 
Telephone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Plaintiff Jane Doe 101 
EFTA00728158
--- PAGE 6 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:09-CV-80591-KAM 
Jane Doe 101, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
Jeffrey Epstein, 
Defendant. 
ORDER GRANTING MOTION FOR LIMITED APPEARANCE OF 
JAY P. LEFKOWITZ, P.C., 
CONSENT TO DESIGNATION AND REQUEST TO ELECTRONICALLY 
RECEIVE NOTICES OF ELECTRONIC FILINGS 
THIS CAUSE having come before the Court on the Motion for Limited Appearance of 
Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C. and Consent to Designation, requesting, pursuant to Rule 4B of the 
Special Rules Governing the Admission and Practice of Attorneys in the United States District 
Court for the Southern District of Florida, permission for a limited appearance of Jay P. 
Lefkowitz, P.C. in this matter and request to electronically receive notice of electronic filings. 
This Court having considered the motion and all other relevant factors, it is hereby 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED that: 
The Motion for Limited Appearance, Consent to Designation and Request to 
Electronically Receive Notices of Electronic Filings is GRANTED. Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C. is 
granted to appear and participate in this action on behalf of Jeffrey Epstein. The Clerk shall 
provide electronic notification of all electronic filings to Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C. at 
EFTA00728159
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case No. 9:09-CV-80591-ICAM 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at 
, Florida this 
day of 
United States District Judge 
Copies furnished to: 
All Counsel of Record 
EFTA00728160

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728161.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV- 80893 - MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendants. 
EPSTEIN'S MOTION PURSUANT TO FED. IL EVID. 412(c1 
TO ADMIT EVIDENCE OF JANE DOE'S AND OTHER WITNESSES' SEXUAL 
HISTORY AND INCORPORATED MOTION FOR LEAVE TO FILE SUPPLEMENTAL 
MOTION PURSUANT TO RULE 412(0 REGARDING OTHER WITNESSES 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN ("Epstein"), pursuant to Fed. R. Evid. 412(c), moves to 
admit evidence of Jane Doe's and other witnesses' sexual history and moves for leave to file a 
supplemental motion pursuant to Rule 412 (c) regarding other witnesses' sexual history, and 
states: 
1. 
Epstein files the instant motion pursuant to Rule 412(c), Federal Rules of 
Evidence, which provides that a party intending to offer evidence to prove the sexual behavior or 
sexual predisposition of any alleged victim "must file a written motion at least 14 days before 
trial specifically describing the evidence and stating the purpose for which it is offered...." See 
Fed. R. Evid. 412(c). 
2. 
The motion is being filed under seal pursuant to Rule 412(cX2), Federal Rules of 
Evidence and is being served on the parties pursuant to Rule 412(cX1XEt). There is no need to 
"notify the alleged victim" as the alleged victim in this case is also the Plaintiff, Jane Doe. aqg 
Fed. R. Evid. 412(c)(1XB). 
EFTA00728161
--- PAGE 2 ---
3. 
Epstein requests the Court hold a "hearing in camera," which is required pursuant 
to Rule 412(cX2) to determine the admissibility of the evidence and "to afford the victim and 
parties a right to attend and be heard." 
Applicable Legal Principals and Case Law 
4. 
Rule 412(a)(2), Federal Rules of Evidence, provides that "evidence offered to 
prove the sexual behavior or sexual predisposition of any alleged victim is admissible if it is 
otherwise admissible under these rules and its probative value substantially outweighs the danger 
of harm to any victim and of unfair prejudice to any party." 
5. 
"The determination under such a balancing test is necessarily highly fact 
specific." See ad 
105 F.3d 1339, 1343 (11th Cir. 1997). 
6. 
Rule 412 "by no means prohibits evidence of the alleged victim's sexual conduct 
or sexual predisposition, for such evidence may be highly relevant in many civil cases." See 
Blackmon v. Buckner, 932 F. Supp. 1126, 1128 (S.D. Ind. 19%). 
7. 
In plackmo_n, the plaintiff was sexually assaulted in the county jail by other 
inmates and sued jail officials, contending they violated his constitutional rights by acting with 
deliberate indifference to the threat posed to plaintiff by other inmates. See Blackmon, 932 F. 
Supp. at 1126. The plaintiff asserted he was the target of sexual taunting and harassment by 
other inmates. 
at 1128. The court found that plaintiff's own sexual behavior (teasing and 
taunting of inmates) was relevant and admissible as it "concerns a matter that plaintiff himself 
has put in dispute." Id. The defendants were entitled to rebut plaintiffs accusation that he was 
the target of teasing and taunting by introducing evidence "that plaintiff himself was engaging in 
teasing and taunting." 
EFTA00728162
--- PAGE 3 ---
8. 
Moreover, a defendant is entitled to make reasonable attacks on a plaintiff 
credibility and motive and "[t]he fact that this attack on credibility and motive involves 
plaintiff's sexual conduct does not prohibit its use." a at 1129. 
9. 
In addition, in Delaney v. City of Hampton, 999 F. Supp. 794, 795 (ED. Va. 
1997), plaintiff sued the city and a former co-worker for sexual harassment, which she claimed 
caused "severe emotional distress which has led to Post Traumatic Stress Disorder...." The 
court admitted evidence of the plaintiff's prior sexual abuse "to show that other stressors in her 
life besides the alleged abuse by [defendant] might be responsible for her psychiatric condition 
[as] [t]his evidence would be highly probative as to both liability and damages." 
at 796. 
10. 
Last, in Alberts v. Wickes Lumber Co.., 1995 WL 117886 *4 (N.D. III. 1995), the 
plaintiff sued her co-worker for sexual harassment, claiming that it caused severe emotional 
impairment and traumatized her. However, several weeks after the alleged incident, the plaintiff 
consented to meeting the alleged attacker in her car in the garage of her borne so she could show 
him the stereo system, at which time the defendant opened the glove compartment and saw 
condoms. Id. at *3. The court found that such evidence was relevant to her damage claims 
because "[a] person so traumatized would not place herself in such a position. The behavior is 
not what one would expect if the plaintiff's claims of emotional trauma are true." Id. at 4. The 
court suggested the probative value of such evidence outweighs the danger of damage or unfair 
prejudice. 
Id. 
Finally, the court observed that to allow plaintiff "to use these alleged 
experiences as evidence of her damages, but at the same time deny [defendant] the opportunity to 
prove that these claims are not true, would turn the rape `shield' law into a sword solely for the 
plaintiff's benefit." dI
 at *5. 
EFTA00728163
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jane Doe's Prior Sexual Experiences 
11. 
First, evidence of Jane Doe's sexual experiences prior to her first alleged 
encounter with Epstein is relevant and admissible. Jane Doe has given conflicting accounts 
regarding the first time she had sex (i.e. whether it was before or alter meeting Epstein). She 
testified in deposition that "[p]robably a few months after I met Jeffity Epstein I had sex with 
my first boyfriend," 
See 9/30/09 Deposition of Jane Doe ("Doe Depo") at 311 
(relevant excerpts of Jane Doe's deposition transcript are attached as Exhibit A). She also 
testified that she did not have any sexual experiences prior to meeting Epstein — she had not 
touched a man's penis, a man had never touched her breast or any part of her genitalia, she had 
never given a man oral sex, had never had sexual intercourse or anal sex and had never disrobed 
or exposed her breasts to a male. Id. at 233-35. 
12. 
On the other hand, Jane Doe told Epstein's expert, Ryan Hall, M.D., that she did, 
in fact, have sex with 
prior to meeting Epstein. See 11/13/09 CME Transcript of 
Jane Doe ("CME Transcript") at 86 (relevant excerpts of Jane Doe's CME Transcript are 
attached as Exhibit B). Jane Doe also stated the first time she went Epstein's house was "right 
after him 
and I were broken up," suggesting she had sex with 
before 
meeting Epstein. Id. at 62-63. 
13. 
, one of Jane Doe's ex-boyfriends, testified that Jane Doe told him 
that she slept with 
when she was 12 or 13 years old, which would be 
approximately 1 — 2 years before she met Epstein. Ssm 5/11/10 Deposition of 
(al 
Depo") at 42 (relevant excerpts of 
deposition transcript are attached as 
Exhibit C) 
14. 
There is also conflicting testimony regarding the number of times Jane Doe had 
sex with 
Jane Doe told Dr. Hall and her own expert, L. Dennison Reed, Psy.D., that 
EFTA00728164
--- PAGE 5 ---
she only had sex with 
once. 
CME Transcript at 86; see also 4/2/10 Report of L. 
Dennison Reed, Psy.D ("Reed Report") at 13 (relevant excerpts of Reed's Report arc attached as 
Exhibit E). . However, 1.111.1. 
Jane Doe's "best friend" from the time Jane Doe was 
13, testified that Jane Doe probably had sex with =more 
than five times. See 5/11/10 
Deposition of =MI 
at 41 (relevant excerpts of 
deposition transcript are 
attached as Exhibit 1)). 
15. 
The issue is relevant because her expert witness, Dr. Reed, describes Jane Doe as 
"a sexually inexperienced and naïve 14-year old girl [making her] the 'perfect victim' for the 
likes of Jeffrey Epstein...." See Reed Report at 9. Dr. Reed also suggests that because Jane Doe 
was sexually inexperienced and "hadn't even engaged in petting or foreplay before meeting 
Epstein, [Jane Doe] didn't comprehend what was going on" and Epstein's advances "were 
initially quite confusing and disorienting to her." Id. at 13. Jane Doe has opened the door to 
evidence of her sexual experience with ay 
putting her sexual inexperience at 
issue. ate Blackmon, 932 F.Supp. at 1129 (holding that where plaintiff puts an issue in dispute, 
defendant is entitled to rebut plaintiff's evidence with plaintiff's own conduct). 
16. 
Dr. Reed acknowledges the discrepancy between Jane Doe's statement to Dr. 
Hall, that she had sex witarior 
to meeting Epstein, and her current position — "she told 
me upon further reflection that she was 'sure' that the one and only time she had intercourse with 
was after Epstein began abusing her." See Reed Report at 13. 
17. 
Thus, Jane Doe's sexual experiences with 
are highly relevant. If 
she did have sex with 
prior to meeting Epstein, this would controvert Dr. Reed's 
opinions regarding Jane Doe being sexually inexperienced and naive, making her the "perfect 
victim," and that Epstein's advances were confusing and disorienting because she had not even 
engaged in foreplay or petting. 
Allowing Jane Doe to use her sexual "[in]experience as 
EFTA00728165
--- PAGE 6 ---
evidence of her damages, but at the same time deny [Epstein] the opportunity to prove that [this] 
claim() [is] not true, would be to tuna the rape `shield' law into a sword solely for the plaintiff's 
benefit." See Alberts 1995 WL 117886 at *5. 
18. 
The issue also goes to her credibility. This is not the only subject on which Jane 
Doe has changed her "story" to benefit her case.' 
Dr. Reed admits that "[Jane Doe's] 
recollections about events happening years ago vary somewhat from interview to interview 
[which] is to be expected ... [w]hen there are strong motivations to `block out' certain painful 
memories." See Reed Report at 5. Epstein should be permitted to question Jane Doe and other 
witnesses about the inconsistencies regarding the first time she had sex and also question Dr. 
Reed about his explanation for Jane Doe's inconsistencies. 
ee Blackmon, 932 F.Supp. at 1129 
(holding that a defendant is entitled to make reasonable attacks on a plaintiff' credibility and 
motive and "[t]he fact that this attack on credibility and motive involves plaintiff's sexual 
conduct does not prohibit its use."). 
19. 
Accordingly, Epstein should be allowed to introduce evidence regarding Jane 
Doe's sexual experiences with an 
issue in which she has given conflicting 
accounts. Such evidence is highly probative for the reasons stated above and there is no danger 
of harm or unfair prejudice to Jane Doe as the issue merely concerns her first sexual partner. 
The evidence is not being introduced, for example, to impugn her character or show that Jane 
Doe was sexually promiscuous prior to meeting Epstein. Indeed, it only concerns one individual. 
20. 
In accordance with Rule 412(c)(1XA), Federal Rules of Evidence, the specific 
evidence Epstein intends to introduce regarding Jane Doe's past sexual history is as follows: 
For example, on July 17, 2007, Jane Doe told an investigator that she did not remove her clothes when she gave 
Epstein a massage, she denied e.eing Epstein masturbate during the massage, stated that Epstein was "nice" and 
treated her with respect and that she was paid $100 for the massage. This statement directly contradicts her current 
allegations. 
EFTA00728166
--- PAGE 7 ---
Evidence 
Purposes For Which It Is Offered 
a 
itir
ane Doe had sex with To controvert Dr. Reed's opinions and any argument by Jane 
Doe's counsel regarding Jane Doe being sexually inexperienced 
and naive, making her the "perfect victim" and that Epstein's 
advances were confusing and disorienting because she had not 
even engaged in foreplay or petting. 
To controvert Jane Doe's testimony that prior to meeting Epstein, 
she had not touched a man's penis, a man had never touched her 
breast or any part of her genitalia, she had never given a man oral 
sex, had never had sexual intercourse or anal sex and had never 
disrobed or exposed her breasts to a male. 
To test Jane Doe's credibility since she gave conflicting accounts 
of when she first had sex. 
The nulatimes 
Jane Doe bad 
sex with 
To test Jane Doe's credibility since she gave conflicting accounts 
of when she first had sex and the number of times she had sex 
with 
The place or .laces where Jane Doe 
had sex with 
To test Jane Doe's credibility since she gave conflicting accounts 
of when she first had sex and the number of times she had sex 
with 
The details of Jane Doe's sexual 
experience(s)with 
To controvert Dr. Reed's opinions and any argument by Jane 
Doe's counsel regarding Jane Doe being sexually inexperienced 
and naive, making her the "perfect victim" and that Epstein's 
advances were confusing and disorienting because she had not 
even engaged in foreplay or petting. 
To controvert Jane Doe's testimony that she had not touched a 
man's penis, a man had never touched her breast or any part of 
her genitalia, she had never given a man oral sex, had never had 
sexual intercourse or anal sex and had never disrobed or exposed 
her breasts to a male. 
Jane Doe's Sexual Experiences in 2003 - 2005 
21. 
Evidence of Jane Doe's sexual behavior during the time she was going to 
Epstein's house is relevant to Jane Doe's theory of liability and alleged damages. 
22. 
Dr. Reed asserts that Jane Doe was experiencing significant distress during the 
time she was allegedly going to Epstein's house, which Jane Doe alleges was between February 
2003 and June 2005. See First Am. Compl. (DE #38) ¶18. 
EFTA00728167
--- PAGE 8 ---
23. 
Dr. Reed opined that Jane Doe's "level of distress during or around the time of 
Epstein's abuse (i.e. peritraumatic distress) was also significantly greater than the level of 
distress experienced by the `average' trauma exposed individual. In [Jane Doe's] case, intense 
feelings of helplessness, guilt, and shame contributed to her peritraumatic distress." See Reed 
Report at 27. 
24. 
Epstein intends to introduce evidence of Jane Doe's relationships with other 
males during the 2003 — 2005 time period to refute the contention that Jane Doe was 
experiencing "significantly greater" distress than the average trauma exposed individual. 
Alternatively, if she was experiencing significant distress, evidence of her sexual relationship 
with other males will demonstrate that it did not have a significant impact on her sex life and 
may be attributable to other traumatic events in Jane Doe's past. See infra. 
25. 
For example, 
la 
Jane Doe's ex-boyfriend, testified that they had 
intercourse approximately 10 times per week over a two year period during the time Jane Doe 
was allegedly going to Epstein's house. ate 
Depo at 30-31. They also engaged in oral 
and anal sex. Id. Mr. 
testified that sometimes Jane Doe seemed a little distant or was 
"not in the mood" for sex. 14, at 32. But when asked about the reason for the perceived 
"distance," 
testified that she was on drugs and "had family problems and stuff" Id. at 
32-33. He did not attribute it to Epstein. 
26. 
Despite occasionally being "not in the mood," Jane Doe and 
were 
regularly having sex, 10 times per week on average, during their two-year relationship. If Jane 
Doe was under "significant distress," it did not manifest itself in her sex life with 
27. 
Jane Doe also testified that 
hit her on several occasions and described 
him as a "stalker" with a drug problem. Ses Doe Depo at 481, 483. Jane Doe also smashed 
windshield with a machete. Id. at 483. Thus, if Jane Doe was experiencing 
EFTA00728168
--- PAGE 9 ---
significant distress, it may have been a result of her tumultuous relationship with 
and/or 
other traumatic events in her past, such as visiting her father in prison from ages 3 — 10 _(se_q Reed 
Report at 6); witnessing her father beat his girlfriend's son to death when she was 12 ad, at 7); 
giving false testimony in court that he had not beaten the child (ii_i at 8); her mother not feeding 
her and being addicted to crack cocaine 
Doe Depo at 357); her uncle punching her in the 
face (cla at 358); physical fights with siblings (a. at 362); being attacked by her mother's pit bull 
(see ReedReed Report at 6); and running away from home on several occasions (j4 at 7), among other 
things. 
28. 
Jane Doe's relationship with 
and their sexual activity is relevant to 
whether she experienced significant traumatic distress during the time she was allegedly going to 
Epstein's house, as maintained by Dr. Reed. A normal, healthy sex life suggests a lack of 
distress. 
Even if she was distressed, the evidence is relevant to demonstrate that it was not 
affecting her sex life and may have been caused by someone or something other than Epstein. 
This "behavior is not what one would expect if the plaintiff's claims of emotional trauma are 
true," and as such is relevant to her alleged damages and should be admissible. See Alberts 
1995 WL 117886 at *4. 
29. 
Jane Doe also had sexual relationships with several other males during the time 
she was allegedly going to Epstein's house. For example, she testified she had sex with 
on 3-4 occasions when she was 15 or 16 years old (after 
and before 
See Doe Depo at 480, 483-84. She also had sex with 
more than 10 
times. 1 at 484. Evidence that Jane Doe had sex with these two individuals is relevant to show 
that Jane Doe had a relatively normal sex life during the time she was allegedly going to 
Epstein's house, which contradicts the assertion that she was under significant distress during 
EFTA00728169
--- PAGE 10 ---
this time period. See Blackmon, 932 F.Supp. at 1129 (holding that where plaintiff puts an issue 
in dispute, defendant is entitled to rebut plaintiff's claim with plaintiffs own conduct). 
30. 
Jane Doe also had sexual relationship with 
for approximately eight 
(8) months. See Doe Depo at 487. Her relationship with 
is relevant for the same 
reasons as Jane Doe's sexual experiences with 
and 
and is additionally 
relevant because he is the brother of 
ex-boyfriend and father of. 
child. 
was a friend of Jane Doe who brought her to Epstein's house for the first time. Jane Doe's 
relationship with 
essentially "connects the dots" to her relationship with■ 
31. 
Jane Doe's sexual experiences during 2003 — 2005 also go to the issue of choice 
and volition. Dr. Reed asserts and Jane Doe has stated that she felt as though she could not say 
"no" to Epstein. However, Jane Doc declined Epstein's alleged requests for oral sex and 
intercourse. $ 
Reed Report at 13-14. If Jane Doe was having intercourse and oral sex with 
other males at the time she was allegedly going to Epstein's house, this would suggest that Jane 
Doc understood sex and sexuality and drew specific boundaries about what she would and would 
not do with Epstein. 
32. 
It also contradicts Dr. Reed's opinion that Epstein psychologically manipulated 
and "groomed" Jane Doe to obtain her trust "over a period of time" so she would "freely choose 
to reciprocate ... by becoming sexually responsive." am Reed Report at 9-10. If Jane Doe was 
having sex with other individuals while she was allegedly going to Epstein's house, and at the 
same time continuing to give Epstein nude massages but refusing to engage in intercourse or oral 
sex, such evidence would suggest that Jane Doe was not psychologically manipulated, but rather 
made a conscious decision regarding what she was willing to do for money. 
33. 
Indeed, Jane Doe told 
that she was cleaning an elderly lady's 
house in Palm Beach for $300 - $500. See 
Depo at 22-23. When money got tight, Jane 
EFTA00728170
--- PAGE 11 ---
Doe would say "I'll call the lady from Palm Beach and see if she wants me to clean her house." 
Id. at 23. MINtestified that "Jane Doe seemed happy when she had the money" and would 
tell him "hey, look how much money I made." Id. at 22-23. 
34. 
During the two and a half year period Jane Doe alleges she went to Epstein's 
house, she became more sexually experienced and had different types of relationships — a few 
sexual experiences with Maa 
steady 2-year relationship with MM. 
and sexual 
relationships with and 
Yet despite her sexual maturation during 2003 — 
2005, she continued to go to Epstein's house. 
35. 
Even assuming arguendo that Jane Doc was "sexually inexperienced" when she 
first allegedly went to Epstein's house2 and thus the "perfect victim" for Epstein to 
psychologically manipulate into a compliant victim ( e Reed Report at 9), evidence of her 
sexual experiences during the time she was going to Epstein's house is relevant to show she 
became sexually experienced over that time period and continued to go to Epstein's house. Tier 
sexual experiences are relevant to test Dr. Reed's theory regarding Jane Doe's sexual 
inexpr.,ience and naivety as contributing to her "victimization" by Epstein. How does Dr. Reed 
account for Jane Doe continuing to go to Epstein's house after she passed the "sexually 
inexperienced" phase? Again, Jane Doe has opened the door to evidence of her sexual 
relationships during the time she was going to Epstein's house by placing her sexual 
inexperience at issue. Allowing Jane Doe to use her sexual "[in]experience as evidence of her 
damages, but at the same time deny [Epstein] the opportunity to prove that [this] claimj] [is] not 
true, would be to turn the rape `shield' law into a sword solely for the plaintiff's benefit" See 
Alberts 1995 WL 117886 at *5. 
See supra as to the discrepancy regarding whether Jane Doc had sex for the lint time before or after she started 
allegedly going to Epstein's house. 
EFTA00728171
--- PAGE 12 ---
36. 
Again, this evidence is not being offered to impugn Jane Doe's character or to 
suggest she was sexually promiscuous. To the contrary, the evidence suggests Jane Doe's sex 
life during 2003 — 2005 was relatively normal. Thus, the likelihood of unfair prejudice or harm 
is minimal to non-existent. The probative value, as explained above, is substantial. 
37. 
In accordance with Rule 412(eX1XA), Federal Rules of Evidence, the specific 
evidence Epstein intends to introduce regarding Jane Doe's sexual experiences during 2003 - 
2005 is as follows: 
Evidence 
Purposes For Which It Is Offered 
Jane Doe's relationship, inclidag, To controvert Dr. Reed's opinions and any argument by Jane 
relationship, 
with ,IM Doe's counsel regarding Jane Doe being sexually inexperienced 
Taira 
the frequency 
of sex with
and the types of 
and naive, making her t 
" 
victim." Evidence of Jane 
Doe's relationship with 
demonstrates that Jane Doe 
sex they had. 
eventually became sexually experienced yet continued to go to 
Epstein's house. 
To contradict Jane Doe's testimony that she felt she could not 
say "no" to Epstein. Jane Doe made a conscious decision not to 
have intercourse orill 
with Epstein. Jane Doe's sexual 
experiences with 
during that same time period 
demonstrate that she chose to engage in those acts with him, but 
would not do the same with Epstein. For the same reasons, this 
evidence 
rebuts 
Dr 
Reed's 
contention 
that 
Epstein 
psychologically manipulated and "groomed" Jane Doe to be a 
compliant victim. 
To refute the contention that Jane Doe was experiencing 
"significantly greater" distress than the average trauma exposed 
individual during the time she was going to Epstein's house. 
Alternatively, if she was experiencing dike 
evidence will 
suggest it did not affect ha sex life with 
To demonstrate Jane Doe's sexual maturation during the time 
she was going to Epstein's house. 
EFTA00728172
--- PAGE 13 ---
Jane Doe's sexual relationship with 
including the number of 
times she had sex with him and the 
types of sex they had. 
To controvert Dr. Reed's opinions and any argument by Jane 
Doe's counsel regarding Jane Doe being sexually inexperienced 
and naive, making her thilact 
victim." Evidence of Jane 
Doe's relationship with 
demonstrates that Jane Doe 
eventually became sexually experienced yet continued to go to 
Epstein's house. 
To contradict Jane Doe's testimony that she felt she could not 
say "no" to Epstein. Jane Doe made a conscious decision not to 
have intercourse or oral sex with Epstein. Jane Doe's sexual 
experiences with "George" during that same time period 
demonstrate that she chose to engage in those acts with him, but 
would not do the same with Epstein. For the same reasons, this 
evidence 
rebuts 
Dr. 
Reed's 
contention 
that 
Epstein 
psychologically manipulated and "groomed" Jane Doe to be a 
compliant victim. 
To refute the contention that Jane Doe was experiencing 
"significantly greater" distress than the average trauma exposed 
individual during the time she was going to Epstein's house. 
This evidence suggests that Jane Doe had a relatively normal sex 
lift during 2003 — 2005. 
To demonstrate Jane Doe's sexual maturation during the time 
she was going to Epstein's house. 
Jane Doe's sexual relationship with 
including the number of 
times she had sex with him and the 
types of sex they had. 
To controvert Dr. Reed's opinions and any argument by Jane 
Doe's counsel regarding Jane Doe being sexually inexperienced 
and naive, making her the
m .ifect victim." Evidence of Jane 
Doe's relationship with 
demonstrates that Jane Doe 
eventually became sexually experienced yet continued to go to 
Epstein's house. 
To contradict Jane Doe's testimony that she felt she could not 
say "no" to Epstein. Jane Doe made a conscious decision not to 
have intercourse or oral sex with Epstein. Jane Doe's sexual 
experiences with 
during that same time period 
demonstrate that she chose to engage in those acts with him, but 
would not do the same with Epstein. For the same reasons, this 
evidence 
rebuts 
Dr. 
Reed's 
contention 
that 
Epstein 
psychologically manipulated and "groomed" Jane Doe to be a 
compliant victim. 
To refute the contention that Jane Doe was experiencing 
"significantly greater" distress than the average trauma exposed 
individual during the time she was going to Epstein's house. 
This evidence suggests that Jane Doe had a relatively normal sox 
life during 2003 — 2005. 
To demonstrate Jane Doe's sexual maturation during the time 
she was going to Epstein's house. 
EFTA00728173
--- PAGE 14 ---
ne Doe's sexual relationship with 
including the number 
of times she had sex with him and the 
types of sex they had. 
To controvert Dr. Reed's opinions and any argument by Jane 
Doe's counsel regarding Jane Doe being sexually inexperienced 
and naive, making her the " 
rfect victim." Evidence of Jane 
Doe's relationship with 
demonstrates that Jane 
Doe eventually became sexually experienced yet continued to go 
to Epstein's house. 
To contradict Jane Doe's testimony that she felt she could not 
say "no" to Epstein. Jane Doc made a conscious decision not to 
have intercourse or oral sex with Epstein. Jane Doe's sexual 
experiences with Sprague during that same time period 
demonstrate that she chose to engage in those acts with him, but 
would not do the same with Epstein. For the same reasons, this 
evidence 
rebuts 
Dr. 
Reed's 
contention 
that 
Epstein 
psychologically manipulated and "groomed" Jane Doe to be a 
compliant victim. 
To refute the contention that Jane Doe was experiencing 
"significantly greater" distress than the average trauma exposed 
individual during the time she was going to Epstein's house. 
This evidence suggests that Jane Doe had a relatively normal sex 
life during 2003 — 2005. 
To demonstrate Jane Doe's sexual maturation during the time 
she was going to Epstein's house. 
To e.
a 
a relation hi 
veen Jane Doe 
and M. 
rotlt 
is the ex-
boyfriend o 
o a ter of 
child. 
rought Jane 
Doe to Epstein's house for the first time. 
Jane Doe's Subsequent Sexual Activity and Employment as a Stripper 
38. 
Jane Doe's sexual relationship with 
■her 
current boyfriend of over 
three years and father of her child, is relevant to Jane Doe's damages. 
39. 
Specifically, Jane Doe told Epstein's expert, DAN that she has a normal and 
satisfying sexual relationship with 
and that they have sex twice per week and take turns 
initiating it. Sge CAE Transcript at 179-80. 
40. 
Dr. Reed also concludes that Jane Doe's responses to the Trauma Symptom 
Inventory "were within normal limits" regarding "sexual concerns." Sge Reed Report at 27. 
EFTA00728174
--- PAGE 15 ---
41. 
Epstein should be permitted to offer evidence regarding Jane Doe's sexual 
relationship with= specifically, that is normal and satisfying and not a part of her damages. 
If the jury does not hear this evidence, they will be left to speculate as to whether Jane Doe's 
ability to have a satisfying sexual relationship has been affected by Epstein's alleged conduct. 
42. 
Next, when Jane Doe was 18 years old, subsequent to her alleged encounters with 
Epstein, she worked as a stripper. 
Reed Report at 22. 
43. 
Dr. Reed opined that "Epstein's sexual abuse of Jane Doe clearly predisposed her 
to enter into this profession." See Reed Report at 22. Dr. Reed also notes that "[vjictims of 
child sexual abuse are disproportionately represented among women who work as strippers" and 
are often motivated by the "sense of being `in control' in the sexual arena." Id. 
44. 
Dr. Reed has opened the door to evidence of Jane Doe's employment as a stripper 
by attributing it to Epstein. Epstein should be entitled to cross-examine Jane Doe regarding the 
details of her work as a stripper. Did Jane Doe do it to gain a sense of being in control, as 
suggested by Dr. Reed? Are there other reasons Jane Doe might have worked as stripper 
unrelated to Epstein? Certainly, Epstein should be permitted to delve into these subjects to rebut 
Dr. Reed's opinion that Epstein predisposed Jane Doe to become a stripper. 
ee Judd v. 
Rodman.
J
 105 F.3d 1339, 1343 (11th Cir. 1997) (holding that the district court did not abuse its 
discretion in admitting evidence that plaintiff worked as a stripper as it was relevant to her 
damages for emotional distress); Blackmon, 932 F.Supp. at 1129 (holding that where plaintiff 
puts an issue in dispute, defendant is entitled to rebut plaintiff's claim with plaintiff's own 
conduct). 
45. 
Moreover, Jane Doe met her current boyfriend, 
while working as a 
stripper. &I Doe Depo at 491. Thus, to the extent Jane Doe attempts to blame Epstein for 
allegedly causing her predisposition to become a stripper, Epstein should be permitted to point 
EFTA00728175
--- PAGE 16 ---
out that Jane Doe met her current boyfriend and the father of her child (a relationship in which 
she is happy and satisfied) while so employed. 
46. 
In accordance with Rule 412(cXlXA), Federal Rules of Evidence, the specific 
evidence Epstein intends to introduce regarding Jane Doe's sexual experiences subsequent to her 
alleged encounters with Epstein and employment as a stripper: 
Evidence 
Purposes For Which It Is Offered 
Jane Doe's relationship, inS , H. To demonstrate that Jane Doe has a normal and satisfying sexual 
sexual relationship, with 1=1 
relationship with her current boyfriend and that she is not 
This includes the frequency of 
sex with Batu, the types of sex they 
have and her feeling about their 
sexual relationship. 
claiming any damages in that regard. 
Jane Doe's employment as a stripper, 
including the relevant time periods, 
the establishments where she worked 
the 
To controvert Dr. Reed's assertion that Epstein essentially 
caused Jane Doe to become a stripper. 
To establish 
e Doe met her current boyfriend and father 
nature 
of 
the 
work, 
and 
the of her child, 
while working as a stripper. To the extent 
circumstances 
surrounding 
her Jane Doe suggests it was Epstein's "faille" that she became a 
meeting Batu. 
stripper, evidence of that she started her current relationship, 
which she contends she is happy and satisfied with, while 
working as a stripper should be admitted counter the suggestion 
that it was a negative experience for her. 
Evidence of Sexual History of Other Females 
47. 
Epstein and Jane Doe intend to cal.and ■ 
as witnesses in Jane Doe's trial. 
and ■were both friends of Jane Doe and. brought Jane Doe to Epstein's house for the 
first time. 
48. 
Epstein does not intend to offer any evidence covered by Rule 412, Federal Rules 
of Evidence, regarding 
or 'Sexual behavior or predisposition. Epstein contends that 
In and ■ 
should be prohibited from testifying to their alleged encounters with Epstein and 
therefore evidence under Rule 412 would likely be unnecessary.;
Epstein has filed a Motion in Lanine to Exclude Evidence of Other Females and Similar Fact Evidence (DE #198). 
EFTA00728176
--- PAGE 17 ---
49. 
However, to the extent the Court allows ■ 
and ■ 
to testify regarding their 
own alleged encounters with Epstein pursuant to Rules 413, 414 and 415, Federal Rules of 
Evidence, evidence of their sexual behavior or predisposition might become relevant depending 
on the scope of the permitted testimony.4
50. 
In addition, to the extent the Court allows other females to testify regarding their 
encounters with Epstein pursuant to Rules 413, 414 and 415, Federal Rules of Evidence, 
evidence of their sexual behavior or predisposition might become relevant depending on the 
scope of the permitted testimony. 
51. 
While Jane Doe filed a Notice Regarding Evidence of Similar Acts of Sexual 
Assault (DE #197), her "summary of the substance of any testimony that is expected to be 
offered," as required by Rule 415 (b), Federal Rules of Evidence, is grossly insufficient and fails 
to provide any "substance" of the anticipated testimony of the 15 witnesses.5 The summaries of 
each witness's testimony are identical, save for the witnesses name and age: 
[Witnesses initials] — When she was approximately [age] years old, 
she was brought to Epstein's home by another underage victim. 
While a minor, she was at Epstein's home on multiple occasions. 
Epstein engaged in one or more of the following acts with her 
while she was a minor at his house — topless or completely nude 
massage of Epstein; Epstein used a vibrator on her vagina; Epstein 
masturbated in her presence; Epstein ejaculated in her presence; 
Epstein touch her breast or buttock or vagina or the clothes 
covering her sexual organs; was made to ...form sex acts on 
Epstein; made to perform sex acts on 
in 
Epstein's presence. Epstein also demanded that she bring him 
other underage girls, and Epstein and his co-conspirators used the 
telephone to contact her to entice or induce her into going to his 
house for sex/prostitution. 
See DE #197 at 9-15 (emphasis added). 
For example 
tified that she kept a book of all the income she earned as a prostitute during 2007 — 2008. 
See Deposition of 
at 57-63. 
$ Some of the 15 witnesses identified by Jane Doe in DE #197 have been deposed (i.e..= 
while others 
have not (i.e... and 
EFTA00728177
--- PAGE 18 ---
52. 
Since Jane Doe's "one size fits all" boilerplate summaries provide only general 
topics, which may or may not apply depending on the witness,6 Epstein cannot reasonably 
determine what evidence wider Rule 412(b)(2) would be relevant for each of the 15 witnesses 
listed by Jane Doe in her Notice Regarding Evidence of Similar Acts of Sexual Assault (DE 
#197). 
53. 
Accordingly, Epstein requests the Court permit him to file a supplemental motion 
pursuant to Rule 412(e) after the Court determines whether the testimony of other females, 
including. and EW, regarding similar fact evidence pursuant to Rules 413, 414 and 415, 
Federal Rules of Evidence, is admissible and the scope of the testimony. See Fed. R. Evid. 
412(cX1XA) (providing that the court may permit a different time to file a motion pursuant to 
Rule 412 or permit its filing during trial); see also Blacicmo& 932 F.Supp. at 1127 (noting that 
admissibility of evidence under Rule 412 cannot always be detennined before trial because the 
balancing of probative value against unfair prejudice may be affected by the course of the trial). 
54. 
In the event, the Court allows any other female to testify regarding similar fact 
evidence, Epstein requests the Court require Jane Doe to provide Epstein with summaries of the 
substance of the actual testimony that is expected to be offered, rather than the general, all-
eneompaning summaries provided in her Notice Regarding Evidence of Similar Acts of Sexual 
Assault (DE #197). Epstein requests the Court require Jane Doe provide the following for each 
witness, as well as any additional information ordered by the Court: (1) the date or dates the 
female allegedly went to Epstein's house; (2) the number of times the female allegedly went to 
Epstein's house; (3) the individual that brought her to Epstein's house for the first time, if 
applicable; (4) the means of transportation used to go to and from Epstein's house, including the 
For example, Jane Doe's summaries provide that the particular female gave a "topless a completely nude 
massage" and that "Epstein touched her breast or buttock a vagina 91 the clothes covering her sexual organs." agg 
DE # 197 at 9-15 (emphasis added). 
EFTA00728178
--- PAGE 19 ---
names of any individuals who may have drove her to and from Epstein's house or accompanied 
her to and from Epstein's house; (5) the specific acts alleged to have occurred between Epstein 
and the female each time she allegedly went to Epstein's house (if more than once), including the 
specific parts of her body that Epstein allegedly touched as well as the specific parts of Epstein's 
body she allegedly touched; (6) the names of any other individuals who may have witnessed the 
alleged acts; (7) the amount of money the female allegedly received each time she allegedly went 
to Epstein's house; (8) the names of any other females that she allegedly brought to Epstein's 
house, if applicable; (9) whether she was contacted by Epstein or anyone on his behalf over the 
phone and, if so, the dates of said telephone calls and substance of the conversations; and (10) 
any other information to which the female expects to testify that is not covered in (1) — (9). 
WHEREFORE, Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, respectfully requests the Court admit 
evidence, pursuant to Rule 412(bX2), Federal Rules of Evidence, regarding: (1) Jane Doe's 
sexual experiences prior to meeting Epstein; (2) her sexual experiences while she was allegedly 
going to Epstein's house from February 2003 — June 2005; (3) her sexual experiences after June 
2005; and (4) her employment as a stripper. Epstein also requests the Court permit Epstein to 
file a supplemental motion pursuant to Rule 412(c)(1XA), Federal Rules of Evidence, regarding 
any other females, including III and EW, after the Court determines whether similar fact 
evidence pursuant to Rules 413, 414 and 415, Federal Rules of Evidence, is admissible and the 
scope of the testimony. In the event the Court permits any other female to so testify, Epstein 
requests the Court require Jane Doe to provide summaries of the specific testimony that is 
expected to be offered, as outlined in paragraph 54 (1) — (10) herein, as well as any additional 
information ordered by the court, and grant any additional relief the Court deems just and proper. 
EFTA00728179

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728180.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:0B-cv-80119-KAM Document 469 
Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 1 of 7 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 0840811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092, 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE NO. 2's MOTION TO COMPEL 
COMPLIANCE WITH SUBPOENA AND FOR ORDER 
OF CONTEMPT AGAINST ALFREDO RODRIGUEZ, 
AND INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Plaintiffs, Jane Doe No. 2, et al., by and through undersigned counsel, hereby file 
this Motion to Compel Compliance with Subpoena and for Order of Contempt Against 
Alfredo Rodriguez, and Incorporated Memorandum of Law, pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 
45(e), and state as follows: 
1. 
On July 25, 2009, Alfredo Rodriguez, a nonparty, was personally served a 
subpoena duces tecum to appear for deposition on July 29, 2009 ("the subpoena'). I The 
I Rodriguez was originally scheduled to appear for deposition on July 23, 2009, but failed 
to appear, claiming that he had "car troubles." Plaintiffs' counsel arranged for car service 
for him to appear at the July 29, 2009 deposition. 
EFTA00728180
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 469 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 2 of 7 
subpoena and proof of service are attached as Exhibit "A." He was commanded to 
provide testimony and produce the following: 
Any and all journals, notes, diaries, writings or other 
documents referring to or relating to Jeffrey Epstein or 
events or incidents occurring at his residence located at 358 
El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida, including without 
limitation, the journal you described to Palm Beach Police 
that contains the names of girls who visited the residence. 
2. 
Rodriguez did not object to the subpoena, nor did he claim the requested 
documents were privileged. He appeared for deposition on July 29, 2009, and August 7, 
2009, but he filed to bring any of the requested documents. During his testimony on 
August 7, 2009, he swore that he had no responsive documents in his possession, and that 
he had turned over all such documents to the Palm Beach Police, including a journal 
which listed the names and phone numbers of young girls who came to the residence 
where he worked to give "massages" to Jeffrey Epstein. agg Exhibit "B", deposition 
transcript of Alfredo Rodriguez, taken August 7, 2009, pp. 318-319. 
3. 
On February 1, 2010, Rodriguez was arraigned in federal court on 
obstruction of justice charges based on allegations that he intentionally withheld 
documents fiom federal and state law enforcement authorities. These withheld documents 
encompass those requested in Plaintiffs' subpoena, including the journal listing names 
and phone numbers of young girls. According to the criminal complaint, after making 
misrepresentations to federal law enforcement authorities and withholding documents, he 
attempted to sell these documents to a cooperating witness for $50,000. Rodriguez made 
this offer after his deposition on August 7, 2009, at which he testified under oath that he 
did not possess the documents. A copy of the criminal complaint is attached hereto as 
Exhibit "C". 
EFTA00728181
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-8011 9-KAM Document 469 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 3 of 7 
4. 
It is likely that Rodriguez remains in possession of at least a copy of the 
journal that is the subject of the subpoena. Nonetheless, even if he did not retain a copy 
of the documents he handed to the cooperating witness, Rodriguez has the right to 
possession of those documents. Specifically, they are subject to production to Rodriguez 
in the discovery phase of his criminal case. The Assistant U.S. Attorney has an 
affirmative duty to produce all evidence in her possession that is material to the guilt of 
Alfredo Rodriguez, regardless of whether that information was requested by the 
Defendant or not 
See United States v. Bagley, 473 U.S. 667 (1985). See 
e 
Fed.R.Crim P. 16(a)(IXE). Evidence is material that creates a reasonable probability that 
the outcome of a criminal proceeding would be different if suppressed. PI at 682. The 
journal in question is the central piece of evidence in the prosecution's case against 
Alfredo Rodriguez. Accordingly, Alfredo Rodriguez has, at the very least, a right to 
possession of the document that are the subject of the Plaintiff's subpoena. 
5. 
Rule 45(aX1)(i), Fed.R.Civ.P., permits a party to subpoena documents 
from a nonparty that are within "that person's possession, custody or control." The term 
"control" under the federal discovery rules includes not only documents in the nonparty's 
possession, but also "the legal right to obtain the documents requested on demand." 
Searock v. Stripling, 736 F.2d 650 (11th Cir. 1984). Rodriguez has this right to obtain 
the subpoenaed documents under Battlev or in the normal course of discovery in his 
criminal case. 2 Therefore, it would not be an excuse or response that Rodriguez does not 
at this moment have possession of the subpoenaed documents. 
These documents, moreover, are not subject to the Fifth Amendment "act of 
production" privilege since they are already in the possession of the government and their 
EFTA00728182
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 469 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 4 of 7 
6. 
Plaintiffs' counsel has no other means of obtaining a copy of the 
documents in Rodriguez's possession except by means of an Order requiring full 
compliance with the July 25, 2009 subpoena. 
7. 
Plaintiff further seeks an Order pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 45(e) to bold 
Rodriguez in contempt of court, together with sanctions as this Court deems appropriate. 
8. 
A Commentary to Rule 45(e) notes "the special role that contempt plays in 
enforcing subpoenas against nonparty witnesses". Fed.R.Civ.P. 45(e) (Commentary C45-
26, Contempt). Where a nonparty fails to comply with a subpoena, "the threat of 
contempt is the only remedy." Ida The civil contempt power of the Court extends to jail 
of the nonparty to enforce compliance: 
The contempt most often associated with the disobedience 
of a subpoena is the category of "civil" contempt, the 
purpose of which is to enforce compliance in the particular 
case, with any penalty imposed designed to further the 
rights of the party in whose behalf the subpoena issued. 
When it is still within a person's power to comply, for 
example, and the person willfully refuses to, the person can 
be jailed until compliance is offered. Even the jailing in 
that case is an aspect of civil, not criminal, contempt. 
9. 
Plaintiffs' counsel has conferred with federal public defender David 
Brannon, who stated that Alfredo Rodriguez objects to the relief requested in this Motion 
in that Alfredo Rodriguez claims to no longer be in possession of responsive documents. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiffs, Jane Doe No. 2 et al., respectfully request (1) an Order 
requiring Alfredo Rodriguez to comply with the lawfully issued subpoena duces tecum and 
produce copies of all documents in his care, custody or control relating to Jeffrey Epstein, 
production would not "implicitly authenticate" them. Se.e Fisher v. United States, 425 
U.S. 391, 410 (1976). 
EFTA00728183
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 469 
Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 5 of 7 
including without limitation, the log of names and phone numbers he recently attempted to sell 
to a cooperating witness; (2) an order holding Alfredo Rodriguez in contempt of court for 
failure to comply with the lawfully issued subpoena, and providing that Alfredo Rodriguez 
shall produce the requested documents to Plaintiffs' counsel by a date certain or be arrested and 
jailed for civil contempt until such time as the documents are produced; and (3) any and all 
other relief this Court deems appropriate. 
Certificate Pursuant to S.D.Fla.L.R. 7.1(A)(3) 
Counsel for the movant has conferred with counsel for the nonparty affected by the 
relief sought in this Motion in a good faith effort to resolve the issues raised in the Motion and 
has been unable to do so. 
Dated: February 17, 2010 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
/si Adam D. Horowitz 
Stuart S. 
I tein FL Bar No. 947245) 
Adam D. Horowitz 
Is Bar No. 376980) 
ar No. 67885) 
P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Mia 
Tel: 
Fax: 
EFTA00728184
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 469 
Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 6 of 7 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on February 17, 2010, I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing 
document is being served this day to all parties on the attached Service List in the manner 
specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF 
or in some other authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to receive 
electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
/s/ Adam D. Horowitz 
EFTA00728185
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 469 
Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 7 of 7 
SERVICE LIST 
DOE vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan G ldber er Esq. 
Critton Esq. 
James Pike 
ames Edw 
Robert C. Jose 
Isidro Manuel Garcia 
Via Facsimile and Regular Mail: 
Dave Lee Brannon, Esq. 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Federal Public Defender 
450 S Australian Ave Ste 500 
West Palm Beach Florida 33401-5008 
Fax: 
EFTA00728186
--- PAGE 8 ---
Cias,01618-cv-80149,3KiWmeWement 469-1 
Entered on FL SO DiBcqpiflq2;1_9009Page 1 (n34 
AO SSA (Rev. 01/09) Sobscimi to Teit4 at a Deposition orb ?Mote Mance in a Qvi Mine 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of Florida 
Jane Doe No. 2 
Plaffingtf 
v. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
D€Avulare 
Civil Action No. 08-CV-80119-MARRAJJOHNSO 
(If the action is pending in another distsid, state what 
SUBPOENA TO TESTIFY AT A DUOS 
OR TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS IN A 
11349 SW 88 Lane, Miami, FL 
OS g:ilimi 
To: Alfredo Rodriguez 
I Tailmony: YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at the time, 
ba, and 
set f 
to testify at a 
deposition to be taken in this civil action. If you are an organization that is not a party in this cue, you must desimat 
one or more officers, directors, or managing agents, or designate other persons who consent to ratify on your behalf 
about the following matters, or those set forth in an attachment: 
Place: Krems Court Reporting 
1031 Ives Dairy Road, Suite 228, Bldg. 4 
North Mani FL 33179 
Data and Time: 
07291200911:00 am 
The deposition will be recorded by this method:  court Reporter and 9Ideosaaoher 
if Production: You, or your representatives, must also bring with you to the deposition the following documents, 
electronically stored information, or objects, and permit their inspection, copying, testing, or sampling of the 
material: 
Any and all Journals, notes, diaries, writings or other documents referring or relating to Jeffrey Epstein or events or 
incidents occurring at his residence located at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida, including without limitation, the 
Journal you described to Palm Beach Police that contains names of girls who visited the residence. 
The provisions of Fed. IL Civ. P. 45(c), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena, and Rule 
(d) and (e), relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so, are 
attached. 
Date:  
07/24/2009 
The name, address, c-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing (mune of party) 
Jane Doe No. 2 
Mertnetstein & Horowitz, PA -Adam D. Horowitz. Esq. 
Tel
Sutle 
, who issues or requests this subpoena, are-
EXHIBIT 
EFTA00728187
--- PAGE 9 ---
me.et8SA8-cv-8Ok-Sitalblt}neio:. 
ment 469-1 
Entered on FLSD flaolttikt,Q,?/1.“2911;309 Page 2A 4 
AO 28A (Rev. 01/050Subpcauk to Tester ate DopasiS:e orb Prodoce Dectxneati is a Civil Action (Pap 2) 
Civil Action No. 08-CV-80119.MARRNJOHNSO 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the cowl finless required by Fes L R CM P. 41) 
This subpoena for (Tame  
havIdual ond rule tjatry) 
was received by me on (dote 
O 1 personally saved the subpoena on the individual at (place) 
(dak) 
O I left the subpoena at the individual's residence or usual place of abode with (nom) 
, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 
on (date) 
, and mailed a copy to the individual's last known address; or 
O I served the subpoena on (name of Individual) 
designated by law to accept service of process or behalf of (name of organtemlan) 
on Owe/ 
; or 
O I returned the subpoena unexecuted because 
O Other (spec '): 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
My fees are S 
for travel and $ 
for services, for a total of S 
0.00 
Date: 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
; or 
Server's signature 
Printed name and ink 
Server's adders 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc 
EFTA00728188
--- PAGE 10 ---
alstiVe8-cv-8044tilantdillmeOcament 469-1 
Entered on F LSD Docket P2/17/41A,39Page 3 ph 4 
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ PA 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
July 24, 2009 
Vitt Process Server 
Alfredo Rodriguez 
11349 SW 86th Lane 
Mami, FL 33173 
Re: 
Jane Does v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Mr. Rodriguez: 
Stu 
. Mermplittein 
Tel 
18205 Biscayne Btvd. 
Suite 2218 
As you arc aware, your deposition has been rescheduled to July29, 2009 at 11:00am. due to 
your ear problems on the previously scheduled date of July 23, 2009. We will provide ear service to 
transport you to and from the deposition. The car will pick you up at 9:45 a.m. on Wednesday, 
July 29, 2009. Please review the witness and document subpoena you are being provided by the 
process server. 
Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
Very truly yours, 
A7t 
Stuart S. Mermelstein 
EFTA00728189
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 469-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 4 of 4 
RETURN OF SERVICE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
MIAMI-DADE District of Florida 
Case Number. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSO 
Plaintiff: 
JANE DOE NO. 2 
vs. 
Defendant 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
For. 
Adam O Horowitz 
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ PA 
18205 Biscayne Bolevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
Received by MIMAI-DADE PROCESS, INC. on the 24th day of July, 2009 at 4:00 pm to be served on ALFREDO 
RODRIGUEZ, 11349 SW 86 LANE, MIAMI, FL. 
I, RAFAEL (BUDA) GONZALEZ. do hereby affirm that on the 25th day of July, 2009 at 5:24 pm, I: 
Individually Served the within named person with a true copy of this SUBPEONA TO TESTIFY AT DEPOSITION 
OR TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS IN A CIVIL ACTION with the date and hour endorsed thereon by me, pursuant 
to State Statutes. 
I certify that I am over the age of 18, have no interest in the above action, and am a Process Server, in good 
standing, in the judicial circuit in which the process was served and have proper authority in the jurisdiction in which 
this service was made..Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I have read the foregoing document and that the 
facts stated in it are true F.S. 92.525 Verification of documents. 
FAEL (BUDA) GONZALEZ 
rtifed Process Server #1250 
MIAMI-DADE PROCESS, INC. 
247 S.W. 8 Street # 293 
i FL 331304613 
Our Job Serial Number 2009001154 
CaPeChl c 1102.200E Drnwn Sonia's. Inc . Proton Iternes TocaxxV9 2w 
EFTA00728190
--- PAGE 12 ---
C e 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 469-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 1 of 3 
aE DOE N0.6, 
Make, 
FREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
USE NQ 0B-CV-$0994 
CASE NO: 08-Cv-80993 
E 00E, 
CASE NO: OIKV410893 
E DOE NO. II, 
CASE NO: 08-CV-80469 
Plaintiff, 
'S. 
EFFREY tea i t04, 
Defendant. 
ME DOE NO. 101 
CASE NO: 08-CV-80591 
Plaintiff, 
S.
EFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ME DOE NO. 102, 
CASE Nth 08-CV-80656 
Malntiff, 
s. 
EFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
Page 271 
IN THE aftcurr COURT OF THE 15Th 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR 
PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 502038CA037319)C0C048 AB 
2/3 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEHREY EPSTEIN. 
Defendant 
1031 Ives Dairy Road 
Suite 228 
North Miami, Eland,' 
August 7, 2009 
1:15 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. 
CONTINUED 
VIDEOTAPED 
DEPOSITION 
CC
ALFREDO RODRIGUEZ 
taken on behalf of the Plaintiffs pursuant 
to a Re-Notice of Taking Continued Videotaped 
Deposition (Duces Team) 
Page 272 
Page 271 
APPEARANCES: 
MEMEISTEIN /1 HOROWITZ, PA. 
BY: ADAM HOROWITZ, ESQ. 
18206 Moyne Boulesd 
Sete 221$ 
tan, Plorlda 33160 
Atuney for Jane Doe 2, 3, 4, 5, 
6, and 7. 
RCRSTISIN ROSPINFEUR ADLER 
BY: BRAD 
EDWARDS, ESQ., and 
CAM HOLES, ESQ. 
t0 
Las Oiss CRY Caere 
Suite 1650 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Fat !rodent/de, Mild. 33301 
AEbne/ for lane Doe ad £W. 
And LM. 
POEMPST ORSEC1C 
BY: KATHERINE W. &EU., esQ. 
West Rapier Street 
Suite 800 
Min, Horde 33130 
Motley for )elf Doe 101 and 102. 
lEOPOWKININ 
BY: ADAM). LANGINO, ESQ. 
nes PGA tioulerard 
Stale 200 
Pairs Beach Gamens, R000. 33410 
Attorney foe 1511. 
Kress Court Reporting, Inc. 305-866-7688 
7115 Rue Notre Dame, Miami Beach, FL 33141 
g 
r
XHIBIT 
I to z/ 4 
EFTA00728191
--- PAGE 13 ---
se 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 469-2 
Entered on FLED Docket 02/1 1110 1 6Page z of a 
Page 315 
master bedroom? 
Yes, ma'am. 
Q. And how would you do that? If you want 
w turn the page over for the upstairs you could 
do that. 
A Okay. 
MR. CRITTON: Are you going to mark this 
as an exhibit? 
• 
MS. EZELL: Uh-huh. 
MR. CRITTON: Would that be Exhibit 3? 
MR. EDWARDS: I think so. 
(Exhibit No. 3 was marked for 
Identification.) 
THE WITNESS: This is the master bedroom, 
master bath, and there were one, two -- the 
rest of the bedrooms were here and the 
master bedroom was here. This is master 
bath one and master bath two. 
So the staircase came to the second floor 
fike this and it was between the first and 
second bedroom. And you could go through 
here and you enter a foyer with double doors 
here, double doors here, and you enter the 
master bedroom. 
BY MS. EZELL: 
Page 317 
Q. White. By the way, I have some more 
water, would you like some? 
A. Thank you, ma'am. 
Q. !figure if I'm a tattle dry you may be 
too. 
I believe one of the items that you 
mentioned that sometimes had to be picked up after 
girls were there giving massages was a back 
massager. 
A. Yes, ma'am. 
Q. Could you describe that for me, please? 
A. It was a piece about this big. 
Q. Would you say that's about 18 inches? 
A. Yes, ma'am. And two prongs with the 
rubber tips and a cord. 
Q. Okay. 
A. Or it could be detached too. 
Q. Do you have any recollection of what make 
that was? 
A. No, ma'am. 
Q. Were there any other massagers that you 
recall seeing there regularly? 
A. Those are the ones I remember. I think 
they are from Sharper Image, but I don't —
Q. Okay. Were there often girls around the 
Page 316 
Q. All right How would you get to the 
master bathroom on that end? 
A. You go through these double doors, go 
around the bed and you gain access to the master 
bedroom — master bathroom, sorry. 
Q. And then there was another master 
bathroom on the other side of the room? 
A. Yes, ma'am. 
Q. Where generally did the massages take 
place? 
A. Right here, ma'am. 
Q. And is that in the master bathroom? 
A. Master bathroom, yes. 
Q. Do you recall what color the tile was in 
that bathroom? 
A. There was carpet. 
Q. Was there tile on the walls or marble 
or --
A. There was a sauna here with marble but 
outside the sauna everything was carpet, and the 
walls, they didn't have any tile. Oh yes, I will 
saY four feet off the floor they will have marble. 
Q• And do you remember what color marble it 
was? 
A. White. 
Page 318 
pool at the house? 
A. Yes, ma'am. 
Q. And were these sometimes the same girls 
that came to give massages? 
A. Yes, ma'am. 
Q. Were there girls in addition to those who 
came to give massages who hung around the mot? 
A. The girls who were staying at the house. 
Q. Okay. And so they weren't girls who just 
regularly came to hangout around the pool? 
A. No, ma'am. 
MS. EZELL: Excuse me. Can we go off the 
record fora minute? 
(Thereupon, a recess was had.) 
THE VIDEOGRAPHER: We're back on the 
record with tape number two. 
BY MS. EZELL: 
Q. Mr. Rodriguez, did you receive a subpoena 
that asked you to bring documents with you to the 
deposition? 
A. Yes, ma'am. 
Q. And did you bring any with you? 
A. I couldn't find anything at my house. 
Q. Okay. I believe we talked about a 
journal that you kept, and you looked for that? 
(Pages 315 to 318) 
Kress Court Reporting, Inc. 305-866-7688 
7115 Rue Notre Dame, Miami Beach, FL 33141 
EFTA00728192
--- PAGE 14 ---
Page 319 
A. yes, ma'am. 
Q. And you couldn't find it? 
A. I give it to Detective Joe. 
Q. Recarey? 
A. Yes, ma'am. 
Q. You mentioned that you called Mr. 
can-Luc Bernell about a recommendation when you 
looking for a job. 
A. Yes, ma'am. 
Q. And did you know him from his visits in 
e home? 
A. Yes, ma'am. 
Q. Did you say that his wife's name was Eva? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: No, ma'am. 
Y MS. EZELL: 
Q. Do you know what his wife's name was? 
A. Eva was a model, a former model from 
rs past who was friend of Mr. Epstein. 
Q. Do you know if she was married to Glenn 
Dubin? Do you know Mr. Dubin? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: I believe, yeah, I'm not 
sure, ma'am. 
Y MS. EELL: 
Page 321 
And 
you remember his name? 
A. No, ma'am. 
Q. Do you remember hearing anything about 
what he does for a living? 
A. No, ma'am. 
Q. Can you desaibe him? 
A. Tall, American born, I will say 50 years 
dd. 
Q. What color hair did he have? 
A. At that time it was black with a kw 
white hairs. 
Q. Were there drawings of nude women in the 
house? 
A. No, ma'am. 
Q. Were there paintings of nude women in the 
house? 
Page 320 
Q. Is she now a doctor? 
A. No, she was a model, her husband could be 
a doctor but I don't think she is. 
Q. Okay. So is Jean-Luc Bernell married; to 
your knowledge? 
A. I don't know, ma'am. 
Q. I think I must have gotten confused 
because we were talking about the picture in the 
house of the little girl who is lifting up her 
skirt or her underpants, I'd forgotten what it 
was. 
A. Yes, ma'am. 
Page 322 
A. Yes, ma'am. 
Q. Did any of those appear to be 
Ms. Maxwell? 
A. Yes, ma'am. 
Q. You mentioned that 
who was still 
working there when you 
A. Yes, ma'am. 
Q. — was a very religious woman --
A. Yes, ma'am. 
Q. 
— and would sometimes be upset about 
seeing pictures of nude girls or having to pick up 
sex toys, et cetera. 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yes, ma'am. 
BY MS. EZELL: 
Q. And you said that you remembered her 
crying because there was a picture of the Pope 
next to a picture of a naked girl. 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yes, ma'am. 
BY MS. EZELL: 
Q. Do you know who that naked girl was? 
A. I don't remember, ma'am. 
Q. I believe David Copperfield's name came 
up in the last deposition as someone who would 
(Pages 319 to 322) 
Kress Court Reporting, Inc. 305-866-7688 
7115 Rue Notre Dame, Miami Beach, FL 33141 
EFTA00728193
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-8011 9-KAM Document 469-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 1 of 7 
Case 9:09-mj-08308-LRJ Document 3 Entered on FLSD Docket
 2/09/2009 P e 1 of 7 
AO 51 1Rev. 5/8.5191mital O3sItiat AVA VILLAFARA 
United States District Court 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
CRIMINAL CO 
vs. 
ALFREDO RODRIGUEZ, 
Defendant. 
STC/ZN Y. %AMORE 
CLtlt
S n.'Of aft. • %SS. 
LAINT 
CASE NUMBER: 09-8308-LRJ 
I, the undersigned complainant, being duly sworn, state the following is true and correct to the best 
of my knowledge and belief. 
From at least as early as January 18, 2007, through on or about November 3, 2009, in Palm Beach 
County, in the Southern District of Florida, and elsewhere, the defendant, 
ALFREDO RODRIGUEZ, 
did corruptly conceal a record, document, or other object, with the intent to impair the object's availability 
for use in an official proceeding and otherwise corruptly obstructed or impeded an official proceeding, 
in violation of Title  18 , United Stales Code, Section  1512(c) 
. 
I further state that I am a  Special Agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 and that this 
Complaint is based on the following facts: 
Please see attached Affidavit 
Continued on the attached and made a part hereof. 
Chris ma J. Pryor, Special 
Federal Bureau of Investiga 
Sworn to before me, and subscribed in my presence, 
upon my finding of probable cause. 
December f 
.2009 
Date 
City and State 
at 
West Palm Beach. Florida 
LINNEA R. JOHNSON 
UNI 
STATO_MAGISTRATE HAD 
4'7, 1 
Signature of Judi 
Car 
EFTA00728194
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 469-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 2 of 7 
Case 9:09-mj-08308-LRJ Document 3 Entered on FLSD Docket) 2/09/2009 Page 2 of 7 
%.0 
AFFIDAVIT
I, Christina J. Pryor, being duly sworn, do state and attest as follows: 
1. 
I am a Special Agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and have 
been so employed for three (3) months. I am currently assigned to the Safe Streets Task 
Force, Miami Field Division, FBI Squad PB-2. Prior to joining the Miami Field Division, 
I attended the FBI Academy in Quantico, Virginia, for five (5) months where I received 
training in federal criminal laws and investigation techniques, including the laws related to 
obstruction of justice. 
2. 
This affidavit is based upon my own personal knowledge of the facts and 
circumstances surrounding the investigation, and information provided to me by other law 
enforcement officers. This affidavit does not purport to contain all the information known 
to me about this case but addresses only that information necessary to support a finding of 
probable cause for the issuance of a criminal complaint charging Alfredo Rodriguez with 
obstruction of official proceedings, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 
1512(c). 
3. 
On October 27, 2009, agents of the FBI met with and interviewed a 
cooperating witness ("CW"). The CW reported that, while conducting discovery in a 
pending civil case before the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, 
he came into contact with Alfredo Rodriguez ("Rodriguez"), who was a subpoenaed witness 
in the civil case. 
4. 
Rodriguez had been interviewed by FBI agents on January 18, 2007, in 
connection with a federal criminal investigation into the sexual exploitation of minors. Prior 
EFTA00728195
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 469-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 3 of 7 
Case 9:09-mj-08308-LRJ t ocument 3 Entered on FLSD O°0V/09/2009 Page 3 of 7 
to being interviewed by FBI, Rodriguez had also been contacted and interviewed by local 
police detectives, and had been asked to produce documents related to the criminal 
Investigation. The civil litigation involving the CW related to civil damages claims made by 
victims of the criminal activity that formed the basis of the state and federal criminal 
investigations. 
5. 
The CW explained to agents that Rodriguez had been deposed under oath on 
two occasions. The first deposition occurred on July 27, 2009, and the second deposition 
was conducted on August 9, 2009. In connection with those depositions, Rodriguez was 
served with a subpoena duces tecum that called for the production of several types of 
documentary evidence. The CW was present for both depositions and Rodriguez testified 
that he had no documents responsive to the subpoena ducts tecum. 
6. 
In August 2009, after the conclusion of the second deposition, the CW received 
a phone call from Rodriguez. Rodriguez informed the CW that he had additional information 
that he had not previously disclosed to any law enforcement agency or any of the civil 
attorneys. Rodriguez described the information as, the Holy Grail or Golden Nugget and 
explained that he had compiled lists of additional victims in the case and their contact 
information. Rodriguez explained that the information contained hundreds of additional 
victims and their phone numbers from diverse geographic locations, including New York, 
New Mexico, and Paris, France. 
7. 
Rodriguez asked the CW to pay him $50,000.00 and, in return, Rodriguez 
would turn over the documents relating to the victims. In his initial and subsequent 
EFTA00728196
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 469-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 4 of 7 
Case 9:09-mj-08308-LRJ itsoaiment 3 Entered on FLSD Docket 2/09/2009 Page 4 of 7 
communications with Rodriguez, the CW explained to Rodriguez that he was under 
subpoena to turn over such information and that it would be illegal for Rodriguez to demand 
money for turning over the information. Rodriguez persisted that he would only turn over 
the information in his possession in exchange for S50,000.00. 
8. 
On October 28, 2009, in a consensually-monitored phone call, the CW 
telephoned Rodriguez. 
Rodriguez again indicated that he would not turn over the 
information relating to the additional victims without monetary compensation. Rodriguez 
was told that an associate of the CW would be in touch with him regarding the information 
and exchange. The associate that the CW referred to was, in fact, an undercover employee 
(UCE) of the FBI. 
9. 
On October 29, 2009, the FBI LICE contacted Rodriguez via telephone. 
Rodriguez again explained that he would only turn over the information in exchange for 
monetary compensation. The UCE advised Rodriguez that it would take several days to 
acquire the funds and that once the funds were obtained, he/she would contact Rodriguez. 
During the conversation, Rodriguez admitted that he knew that the information was relevant 
to the FBI's criminal investigation and was called for by the investigation. Rodriguez 
explained that he had not turned over the information to the FBI because: (1) it was his 
"property" and he should be compensated for it; and (2) he was afraid that the target of the 
investigation would make him "disappear" or otherwise harm him, and the information was 
his "insurance policy." 
10. 
On November 2, 2009, the UCE made contact with Rodriguez via telephone. 
EFTA00728197
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 469-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 5 of 7 
Case 9:09-mj-08308-LRJ Zument 3 Entered on FLSD Docket 12!09/2009 Page 5 of 7 
In that conversation, Rodriguez and the UCE continued the discussion regarding the purchase 
of the documents and scheduled a meeting for the following day. 
11. 
On November 3, 2009, Rodriguez met with the UCE at a predetermined 
location. During the meeting, Rodriguez produced a small bound book and several sheets 
of legal pad paper containing hand written notes. Rodriguez explained that he had taken the 
bound book from his former employer's residence while employed there in 2004 to 2005 and 
that the book had been created by persons working for his former employer. Rodriguez 
discussed in detail the information contained within the book, and identified important 
information to the UCE. In addition, Rodriguez admitted he had previously lied to FBI. 
Rodriguez asked the UCE about the $50,000.00, took possession of the money, and began 
counting it. 
12. 
Rodriguez was then detained for Obstruction of Official Proceedings, Title 18, 
U.S. Code, Section 1512(c), and questioned. After Miranda warnings were administered by 
agents, Rodriguez waived his rights and signed a written waiver of those rights. Rodriguez 
admitted that he had the documents and book in his possession and had never turned them 
over to local law enforcement or the FBI. In addition, Rodriguez advised he had witnessed 
nude girls whom he believed were underage at the pool area of his former employer's home, 
knew that his former employer was engaging in sexual contact with underage girls, and had 
viewed pornographic images of underage girls on computers in his employer's home. 
Rodriguez was then released from custody for further investigation. 
13. 
The items that Rodriguez had attempted to sell to the UC for 550,000.00 
EFTA00728198
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-MM Document 469-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 6 of 7 
Case 9:09-mj-08308-LRJ t
ocument 3 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/09/2009 Page 6 of 7 
were reviewed by an agent familiar with the underlying criminal investigation. As Rodriguez 
had described, the items contained information material to the underlying investigation that 
would have been extremely useful in investigating and prosecuting the case, including the 
names and contact information of material witnesses and additional victims. Had those items 
been produced in response to the inquiries of the state law enforcement officers or the FBI 
Special Agents, their contents would have been presented to the federal grand jury. 
Based upon the foregoing, your affiant believes that probable cause exists to believe 
that, from at least as early as January 18, 2007 through on or about November 3, 2009, in 
Palm Beach County, in the Southern District of Florida, and elsewhere, Alfredo Rodriguez 
did corruptly conceal a record, document, or other object, with the intent to impair the 
object's availability for use in an official proceeding and otherwise corruptly obstructed or 
impeded an official proceeding, in violation ofTitle 18, United States Code, Section 1512(c). 
FURTHER YOUR AFFIANT SAYETH NAUGHT. 
C 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF 
S 
Sworn to and subscribed before me 
this 
/ 
 day of December, 2009. 
R. JOHNSO 
UNITED STATE 
GISTRATE JUDGE 
ATION 
Atr
:YR O 
C 
i 
E 
ENT 
EFTA00728199
--- PAGE 21 ---
cpsQ 9:08-Cv-80119-KAM Document 469-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/17/2010 Page 7 of 7 
Case 9:09-mj-08308-LRJ Sicliecument 3 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/09/2009 Page 7 of 7 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Can No.  
09-8308-LRJ
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
vs. 
ALFREDO RODRIGUEZ, 
Defendant. 
CRIMINAL COVER SHEET 
1. 
Did this matter originate from a matter pending in the Northern Region of the United 
States Attorney's Office prior to October 14, 2003? 
Yes 
X 
No 
2. 
Did this matter originate from a matter pending in the Central Region of the United 
States Attorney's Office prior to September I, 2007?  
 Yes  
X  No 
Respectfully submitted, 
JEFFREY H. SLOMAN 
ACTING UN 
STATES ATTORNEY 
By: 
A. MARIE VILLAF 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Florida Bar No. 0018255 
500 East Broward Boulevard, 7th Floor 
Ft Lauderdale. FL 33394 
Telephone 
Facsimile: 
EFTA00728200

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728201.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03;022009 
Page 1 of 16 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
PLAINTIFF'S MOTION TO COMPEL ANSWERS TO 
INTERROGATORIES AND PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS, 
AND INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW IN SUPPORT 
Plaintiff, by and through undersigned counsel, files this Motion to Compel Answers to 
Interrogatories and Production of Documents, and Memorandum of Law in Support, pursuant to 
Fed.R.Civ.P. 26 and 37 and S.D.Fla.L.R. 26.1(H)(2), as follows: 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Plaintiff in this case propounded 17 interrogatories and 24 documents requests. In response, 
Defendant has produced no information and no documents. Defendant's principal objection 
concerns his Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination. Defendant, however, fails to set 
forth a sufficient predicate in his responses to interrogatories or documents requests for his refusal to 
provide any responsive documents or information. Defendant, rather, repeats in each response an 
all-encompassing, blanket assertion of Fifth Amendment privilege. 
Defendant's responses also include a laundry list of objections to Plaintiff's interrogatories 
and documents requests, none of which serve as a basis for a denial of all discovery. For the reasons 
discussed below, Plaintiff requests an order compelling Defendant to answer interrogatories and 
produce responsive documents.' 
' This Motion addresses almost entirely general or blanket objections to discovery, which are 
repeated in multiple or all of the Defendant's responses to Plaintiff's discovery requests. 
- 1 - 
EFTA00728201
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 2 of 16 
II. 
EPSTEIN'S BLANKET ASSERTION OF PRIVILEGE 
AGAINST SELF-INCRIMINATION IN RESPONSES 
TO INTERROGATORIES IS INSUFFICIENT 
Defendant's response to each and every one of Plaintiff's Interrogatories2 contains the 
following privilege objection: 
I intend to respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, 
however, my attorney has counseled me that I must accept this advice 
or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. 
Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, 
Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution. 
Defendant's canned objection represents a "blanket" refusal to answer questions in this civil 
case. See Anglada v. Sprague, 822 F.2d 1035, 1037 (11th Cir. 1987) (rejecting a "blanket" refusal to 
testify as unacceptable). While Plaintiff does not dispute that Defendant Epstein's Fifth Amendment 
privilege may be asserted in a civil case,; the Fifth Amendment's "protection must be confined to 
instances where the witness has reasonable cause to apprehend danger from a direct answer." 
Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 (1951) (emphasis supplied). 
"[A] witness has some minimal burden to justify invocation of the privilege." In re I.M.V.. 
Inc. 90 F.R. 737, 739 (Bankr. E.D. Pa. 1988). The privilege must be asserted in response to a 
particular question, and in each instance "[i]t is for the court to decide whether a witness' silence is 
justified and to require him to answer if it clearly appears to the Court that the witness asserting the 
privilege is mistaken as to its validity." In re Morganroth, 718 F.2d 161, 166-167 (6th Cir. 1983) 
Accordingly, Plaintiff deviates where necessary from the format set forth in S.D.Fla.L.R. 26.1(H)(2) 
in the interests of clarity and efficiency. 
'Attached as Exhibit "A" is Defendant's Response and Objections to Plaintiff's Interrogatories. 
This discussion addresses the Defendant's Fifth Amendment claim of privilege. Defendant also 
asserts a privilege under the Sixth and Fourteenth Amendments. The Sixth Amendment does not 
provide a basis to refuse to answer questions in a civil case as a means to preserve the Defendant's 
"right to effective representation", as Defendant asserts in his responses. 
The Fourteenth 
Amendment likewise is inapposite, as state action is not at issue in this federal case. 
- 2 - 
EFTA00728202
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 3 of 16 
(holding that it was not sufficient for witness to answer every question with conclusory assertion of 
Fifth Amendment privilege). Accord Anglada, 822 F.2d at 1037 (noting that Court should not have 
to speculate as to which questions would tend to incriminate)• See also Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 486 
(witness' "say-so does not of itself establish the hazard of self-incrimination"); In re Wincek 202 
B.R. 161, 168 (Bankr. M.D. Fla. 1996) (rejecting assertion of Fifth Amendment privilege in "broad, 
unsupported fashion"). 
The "reasonable cause" for invocation of the Fifth Amendment privilege is not self-evident 
from the interrogatories propounded by Plaintiff. For example, Interrogatory no. 1 asks the 
Defendant to identify employees who performed work or services at his Palm Beach residence. It is 
not apparent that identifying the chef, chauffeur, gardener, etc., would tend to incriminate the 
Defendant. The information sought in the bulk of the Plaintiff's interrogatories may be categorized 
generally as follows: 
Type of Information 
Interrogatory No. 
identification of persons 
Defendant's travel schedule and 
locations 
identification of health care providers 
telephone numbers used by Epstein 
and his employees 
general information based on Florida 
Standard Interrogatories, Fla.R.Civ.P. 
Form 2, nos. 7, 10, 12 
I, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10, 17 
II, 12 
13, 14, 164
These Interrogatories, on their face, do not infringe upon or otherwise implicate the 
Defendant's rights under the Fifth Amendment. It is, therefore, incumbent upon the Defendant to set 
forth reasonable cause for his invocation of the Fifth Amendment in response to each of these 
Plaintiff does not challenge at this time Defendant's assertion of a Fifth Amendment privilege in 
response to interrogatory no. 9, which seeks information on Defendant's sexual aids. 
- 3 - 
EFTA00728203
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 4 of 16 
Interrogatories. Absent some interrogatory-by-interrogatory showing of reasonable cause, Plaintiff 
asks that Defendant's claims of privilege under the Fifth Amendment be rejected and overruled. 
III. 
DEFENDANT'S BLANKET ASSERTION OF 
FIFTH AMENDMENT PRIVILEGE IN RESPONSE 
TO REQUESTS FOR PRODUCTION IS INSUFFICIENT 
In response to Plaintiff's Requests for Production,5 Defendant has asserted an identical, 
"blanket" objection to each and every request, as follows: 
I intend to produce all relevant documents regarding this lawsuit. 
However, my attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I 
cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth 
Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert 
my federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth 
Amendments as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
Initially, it is well established that the Fifth Amendment privilege may not apply to specific 
documents "even though they contain incriminating assertions of fact or belief because the creation 
of those documents was not `compelled' within the meaning of the privilege." United States v. 
Hubbell 530 U.S. 27, 35-36 (2000). Accordingly, a party cannot avoid discovery merely because 
demanded documents contain incriminating evidence, "whether written by others or voluntarily 
prepared by himself." Id. 
Nonetheless, the act of procuring documents may be considered testimonial and protected by 
the Fifth Amendment privilege in two instances: (1) if the existence and location of the documents 
are unknown; or (2) where production would "implicitly authenticate" the documents. In re Grand 
Jury Subpoena 1 F.3d 87, 93 (2d Cir. 1993); see also Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 
(1976) (issue expressed as whether compliance with a document request or subpoena "tacitly 
conceded" the item's authenticity, existence or possession by the defendant). It is the Defendant's 
Defendant's Response to Request for Production, which sets forth each Request and the 
Defendant's Response, is attached hereto as Exhibit "B". 
-4-
EFTA00728204
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 5 of 16 
burden to demonstrate that the act of producing any particular responsive documents would entail 
testimonial self-incrimination. United States v. Wujkowski, 929 F.2d 981, 984 (4th Cir. 1991). It is 
not self-evident or apparent from the Plaintiff's requests that the act of producing responsive items 
would be protected under the Fifth Amendment. In particular, there is no reason to believe that 
production of documents in response to the following requests would compel testimonial self-
incrimination: 
Types of Documents Requested 
Request Nos. 
Agreements with the U.S. Attorney 
and State Attorney, and documents 
exchanged between Defendant and 
the U.S. Attorney or State Attorney 
1-4 
Telephone records 
5-6 
Videos, photographs of residence 
Documents relating to Plaintiff Jane Doe 
Air travel records 
Documents relating to modeling agencies 
I 1 
Correspondence with other witnesses 
14, 15, 16, 17, 19 
Social networking documents 
Gifts to minor females 
Personal calendars, diaries 
21, 22 
Prescription medicines 
236
As to the above-listed items, it is not possession or control of these items that would prove 
incriminating; rather, if anything, it is their contents, which are not protected by the Fifth 
Amendment privilege so long as they were created voluntarily. Fisher 425 U.S. at 410; see also In 
`Plaintiff concedes that the act of producing items in response to request no. 9, concerning witness 
statements, and request nos. 12-13, concerning photographs or images of females, may implicate the 
Fifth Amendment. 
- 5 - 
EFTA00728205
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 6 of 16 
re Ross 156 B.R. 272, 177-78 (Bankr. D. Idaho 1993). Nor would production of items in response 
to these requests "implicitly authenticate" items that are themselves incriminating. See In re Grand 
Jury Subpoena 1 F.3d at 93-94 (holding that defendant's calendar/diary not protected from 
discovery by "act of production" doctrine under the Fifth Amendment). 
Without more, therefore, Defendant's blanket claim of a Fifth Amendment privilege in 
response to all of Plaintiff's document requests should be rejected, and responsive documents 
ordered to be produced. 
IV. 
DEFENDANT'S OBJECTION AND STATEMENT CONCERNING 
ADVERSE INFERENCE IS INAPPROPRIATE AND INCORRECT 
Defendant makes the following self-serving and unnecessary assertion in response to each 
and every interrogatory and document request propounded by Plaintiff: 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, 
would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. 
Although a defendant's assertion of his Fifth Amendment privilege cannot be used against a 
criminal defendant, it is well established that "an adverse inference based on a refusal to testify in a 
civil case is an appropriate remedy as it provides some relief to the civil litigant whose case is 
unfairly prejudicial by a witness' assertion of the Fifth Amendment privilege ..." United States v. 
Custer Battles, L.L.C., 415 F. Supp. 2d 628, 632 (E.D. Va. 2006); accord Basler v. Palmigiano, 425 
U.S. 408, 318 (1976) ("the Fifth Amendment does not forbid adverse inferences against parties to 
civil actions when they refuse to testify in response to probative evidence offered against them"); 
Securities and Exhange Comm'n v. Graystone Nash, Inc., 25 F.3d 187, 190 (3d Cir. 1994) ("[t]he 
[defendant's] dilemma of choosing between complete silence and presenting a defense [in a civil 
case] does not fatally infect the right against compelled self-incrimination").7
'Moreover, a defendant in a civil case may not manipulate his use of the Fifth Amendment privilege 
by shielding himself from inquiries during discovery, and then submitting surprise testimony in a 
summary judgment affidavit or at trial. Id. at 191. 
- 6 - 
EFTA00728206
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 7 of 16 
In any event, the issue of adverse inference, at this juncture, is premature. It is first 
necessary to determine whether the Fifth Amendment privilege is validly asserted in response to 
particular questions. This issue is typically resolved on a motion to compel. Custer Battles 415 F. 
Supp. 2d at 633. If it is determined that the privilege is properly asserted, then adverse inferences 
are admissible consistent with the Rules of Evidence, i.e., where they are relevant, reliable and not 
unfairly prejudicial, confusing or cumulative. Id. at 634. Such evidentiary issues concerning 
adverse inference are appropriately addressed at the time of summary judgment or trial. It is 
inappropriate and unnecessary to challenge the use of adverse inferences through self-serving 
statements in blanket objections to interrogatories. 
V. 
PLAINTIFF IS ENTITLED TO DEFENDANT'S 
HEALTH CARE INFORMATION IN DISCOVERY 
A. 
Interrogatory at Issue 
"Interrogatory No. 8. Identify all of Jeffrey Epstein's health care providers in the past (10) 
ten years, including without limitation, psychologists, psychiatrists, mental health counselors, 
physician, hospital and treatment facilities." 
B. 
Pertinent Portion of Defendant's Objection 
. . [s]uch information is privileged pursuant to Rule 501, Fed.Evid., and §90.503, Fla.Evd. 
Code. In addition, such information is protected by the provision of the Health Insurance Portability 
and Accountability Act (HIPAA)." 
C. 
Grounds for Objection and Reasons for Motion 
The substantive basis for Defendant's objection is a claim of privilege under state law, 
Florida Statute §90.503 (psychotherapist-patient privilege) and federal law, HIPAA, 42 U.S.C. 
§1320d et seq. Neither of these privilege claims are a basis to withhold relevant health care 
information in this case. Initially, Florida Statute §90.503 does not protect as privileged the identity 
- 7 - 
EFTA00728207
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 8 of 16 
of health care providers, which is all that is sought in Plaintiffs interrogatory. Rather, it protects 
"confidential communications" with a psychotherapist. Florida Statute §90.503(2). Further, 
Plaintiff is ultimately entitled to discovery from the Defendant's psychotherapists because §90.503 
does not apply to relevant documents in a case of child abuse under Florida Statute §39.204. This 
Statute abrogates the psychotherapist-patient privilege in cases involving child abuse: 
Abrogation of privileged communications in cases involving child 
abuse, abandonment, or neglect.- the privileged quality of 
communication . . . between any professional person and his or her 
patient or client, and any other privileged communication except that 
between attorney and client or the privilege provided ins. 90.505, as 
such communication relates both to the competency of the witness 
and to the exclusion of confidential communications, shall not apply 
to any communication involving the perpetrator or alleged 
perpetrator in any situation involving known or suspected child 
abuse.... 
(Emphasis supplied).8 "With the exceptions of the attorney-client privilege and the clergy 
communications privilege, section 39.204 abrogates the various evidentiary privileges in cases 
involving child abuse, abandonment or neglect." Nussbaumer v. State 882 So.2d 1067 (Fla. 2d 
DCA 2004). It represents a determination by the legislature that discovery of facts relating to claims 
of child abuse is more important than the protection of otherwise confidential psychotherapist-
patient communications: 
Obviously, the psychotherapist privilege provided by section 
90.503(2) is intended to encourage people who need treatment for 
mental disorders (including child abusers) to obtain it by insuring the 
confidentiality of communication during treatment. We must assume, 
however, that the legislature, in passing [§39.204] weighed the 
desirability of encouraging treatment for child abusers against the 
desirability of discovering them and decided that the latter was more 
important than the former. The intent of [§39.204] is to discourage 
child abuse. That discouragement, in view of the statutory language, 
can occur by way of a civil lawsuit for damages as well as by way of 
'The term "child abuse" is defined broadly in the Statute to encompass the acts and conduct alleged 
against Epstein in this case. A "child" is a person under the age of 18, and "abuse" means "any 
willful or threatened act that results in any physical, mental, or sexual injury or harm that causes or 
is likely to cause the child's physical, mental or emotional health to be significantly impaired." 
Florida Statutes §39.201. 
- 8 - 
EFTA00728208
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 9 of 16 
a criminal prosecution. 
Carson v. Jackson, 466 So.2d 1188, 1190 (Fla. 4th DCA 1985) (analyzing predecessor statute, 
§415.512, Fla. Stat.). 
Defendant also asserts HIPAA, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, 42 
U.S.C. §1320d et seq., as a ground for objection to Plaintiff's interrogatory. "HIPAA does not 
create substantive rights that act as a bar on discovery. . . . HIPAA regulations is (sic) purely 
procedural in nature and does not create a federal physician-patient or hospital-patient privilege." 
Allen v. Woodford 2007 WL 309485 *I I (E.D. Cal. 2007). Under HIPAA, health care information 
may be disclosed in discovery under a qualified protective order, which prohibits using or disclosing 
protected health care information for any purpose other than the litigation and requires return or 
destruction of the protected health care information. 45 C.F.R. §164.512(i)(e). Accordingly, there is 
no basis to withhold from discovery Epstein's health care information, particularly as it relates to 
Plaintiff's allegations of child abuse. 
VI. 
DEFENDANT HAS NO VALID GROUNDS FOR OBJECTION 
TO PRODUCTION OF INSURANCE DOCUMENTS 
A. 
Item to be Compelled 
Plaintiff's Second Request for Production contains a single request for insurance documents, 
as follows: 
All policies of insurance, including the declarations page and all 
binders, amendments, and endorsements, covering Defendant's 
residence at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, FL 33480. 
B. 
Specific Objections and Grounds 
Defendant provided no responsive documents and objected9 on grounds that (i) no time 
period is specified, other than the 2004-05 time period for the events alleged in the Complaint; (ii) 
A copy of Defendant's Response and Objections to Second Request for Production is attached 
-9-
EFTA00728209
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 10 of 16 
the policies "contain value and/or asset information which is not relevant, material nor calculated to 
lead to discovery of admissible evidence."; and (iii) "said information is both private and 
confidential". 
C. 
Reasons for Motion 
Plaintiff's request for insurance documents is reasonable under the circumstances of this 
case, and well within the scope of Fed.R.Civ.P. 26. Requests for such insurance documents are 
common and typical in cases alleging personal injuries. Plaintiff agrees to limit such request to 
policies covering the years 2003, 2004 and 2005, which is reasonable. Defendant's objections 
should therefore be overruled. 
VII. 
OTHER OBJECTIONS TO PLAINTIFF'S 
DISCOVERY REOUESTS ARE MERITLESS 
A. 
Overbroad; Relevance 
In response to each and every interrogatory propounded by Plaintiff, Defendant asserts in 
blanket and conclusory fashion that it is "overbroad and seeks information that is neither relevant to 
the subject matter of the pending action nor dies it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence." Defendant also objects to each and every document request as 
overbroad. These objections are groundless. Plaintiff's discovery requests fall within the scope of 
broad discovery and relevance under Fed.R.Civ.P. 26. All of Plaintiff's interrogatories and 
document requests are sufficiently narrow and tailored for Defendant to reasonably provide 
substantive responses. Defendant fails to indicate unfair prejudice or undue burden from any 
interrogatory or document request. Defendant provides no responsive information whatsoever, nor 
has he made any suggestion to reasonably narrow or limit any of the Plaintiff's discovery requests. 
Defendant complains that the time period covered in the interrogatories is too broad. The 
stated time period, applicable to Plaintiff's interrogatories and documents requests generally, as 
as Exhibit "C". 
- 10-
EFTA00728210
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 11 of 16 
noted in Defendant's responses, is January 1, 2003 to present. This time frame is sufficiently 
narrow, especially since the plan and scheme alleged in the Complaint to lure girls to the 
Defendant's Palm Beach mansion for "massages" has been in place since at least that date. 
Defendant's overbroad/relevance objections should, accordingly, be overruled. 
B. 
Work Product; Attorney-Client Privilege 
In response to various interrogatories and all of the documents requests, Defendant asserts in 
conclusory fashion objections based on the attorney work product and attorney-client 
communication privilege. I° In making these privilege claims, Defendant failed to provide a 
privilege log as required by S.D.Fla.L.R. 26.1(G)(3). These interrogatories and requests generally 
do not on their face implicate the work product or attorney client privileges." These privilege 
claims should therefore be rejected and overruled. 
C. 
Plaintiff's Definitions of "Employee is Reasonable 
Defendant contests the definition of "Employee" in Plaintiff's document requests and 
interrogatories, which states as follows: 
g. 
"Employee" shall mean any person employed to perform 
work for services for Defendant or by Defendant, either directly or 
indirectly, including without limitation: 
i. 
a limited partnership, corporation, limited liability 
company, or other company or entity in which Defendant is a 
member, director, officer or person in control; and 
ii. 
persons employed by a partnership or a subsidiary of a 
partnership in which Defendant is a general partner or person in 
control. 
'These privileges are asserted in response to Interrogatory nos. 13, 14, and 17, and each and every 
document request. 
The only possible exception would be Plaintiff's Document Request no. 9, which seeks witness 
statements; nonetheless, Defendant is required to comply with the Local Rule and provide a 
privilege log in response to this request as well as the others. 
EFTA00728211
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 12 of 16 
The term "Employee" appears in Interrogatory nos. 1, 2, and Document Request no. 6. The 
breadth of this definition is reasonable under the circumstances of this case. Upon information and 
belief, Defendant Epstein conducted his business and personal affairs through a labyrinth of 
corporate entities and other business forms. This definition of "Employee" is reasonable to 
encompass responsive information and documents. 
D. 
Fed.R.Civ.P. 408 and 410 Do Not 
Create a Privilege in Discovery 
Defendant objects to Document Request nos. 1-5, which seek the Defendant's agreements 
with the U.S. Attorney and State Attorney, and documents exchanged with their offices, on the 
grounds of Fed.R.Evid. 408 and 410. These Rules cover the admissibility in evidence of 
compromises and plea agreements; they do not set forth a privilege applicable to such agreements in 
discovery. To the extent a protective order with regard to such documents is deemed appropriate, 
Plaintiff's counsel agrees to limit their use to this litigation, and not to disclose documents 
responsive to these requests to third parties. 
E. 
Third Party Pri‘ile% Rights 
Defendant broadly and vaguely asserts third party privacy rights in response to various 
document requests. To the extent that any such privacy rights are properly raised in this case, 
Plaintiff consents to the entry of an appropriate protective order under which such documents will 
not be disseminated to third parties and will be used only for purposes of this litigation. 
VIII. Conclusion 
Based on the foregoing, Plaintiff respectfully requests that Defendant's assertions of 
privilege and objections be denied and overruled, and that an Order be entered directing Defendant 
to answer the Plaintiff's Interrogatories and produce documents responsive to Plaintiff's Requests 
-12-
EFTA00728212
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 13 of 16 
for Production, subject to such protective order as may be necessary and appropriate. Plaintiff 
further requests such other relief as this Court deems just and proper. 
Dated: March 2, 2009 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
s/ Adam D. Horowitz 
Stuart S. Mermelstein (FL Bar No. 947245) 
Adam D. Horowitz (It Bar No. 376980) 
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami, Florida 33160 
Tel: 305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
- 13 - 
EFTA00728213
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 14 of 16 
CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO S.D.FLA.L.R. 7.1(A)(3) 
Counsel for Plaintiff has made reasonable efforts to confer with counsel for Defendant, by 
letter dated February 25, 2009, seeking in good faith to resolve or narrow the issues raised in the 
Motion, but Defendant's counsel failed to respond to Plaintiff's letter, and Plaintiff's counsel has 
been unable to resolve this dispute. 
s/Adam D. Horowitz 
-14-
EFTA00728214
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 15 of 16 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on March 2, 2009, I electronically filed the foregoing document with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this day 
to all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either via transmission of Notices 
of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those parties who 
are not authorized to receive electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Adam D. Horowitz 
-15-
EFTA00728215
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 16 of 16 
SERVICE LIST 
DOE vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger Es . 
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
s/ Adam D. Horowitz 
-16-
EFTA00728216
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 1 of 11 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRAa 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
DOCKET 
912.61O 
DEFENDANT EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE & OBJECTIONS 
TO PLAINTIFF'S AMENDED FIRST SET OF INTERROGATORIES 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through his undersigned attorneys, 
serves his responses and objections to Plaintiffs December 9, 2008 Amended First Set 
Of Interrogatories To Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, attached hereto. 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing has been sent by fax and 
U.S. Mail to the following addressees this  26th 
 day of January 2009: 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Jeffrey Marc Herman, Esq. 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe #2 
Jack Alan Goldberger 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Far 561-R:i-R6c11 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EXHIBIT "A" 
EFTA00728217
--- PAGE 18 ---
' Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 2 of 11 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 2 
Respectfully su2 
tted, 
By: 
ROBERT 
RITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Ba No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00728218
--- PAGE 19 ---
• Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 3 of 11 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 3 
DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S ANSWERS AND OBJECTIONS TO 
PLAINTIFF'S AMENDED FIRST SET OF INTERROGATORIES 
Interrogatory No. 1. 
Identify all employees who performed work of services inside 
the Palm Beach Residence. 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, Defendant objects as the 
interrogatory is overbroad and seeks information that is neither relevant to the subject 
matter of the pending action nor does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence. Plaintiff's Complaint alleges a time period of "in or 
about 2004-2005." Plaintiffs interrogatory seeks information for a time period from 
January 1, 2003 until present. Also, see "Employee" as defined in paragraph g of 
Plaintiffs interrogatories. 
Interrogatory No. 2. 
Identify all Employees not identified in response to 
interrogatory no. 1 who at any time came to Defendant's Palm Beach Residence. 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, Defendant objects as the 
interrogatory is overbroad and seeks information that is neither relevant to the subject 
matter of the pending action nor does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence. Plaintiffs Complaint alleges a time period of "in or 
about 2004-2005." Plaintiffs interrogatory seeks information for "all Employees" "who at 
any time" came to the residence. Also, see "Employee" as defined in paragraph g of 
Plaintiffs interrogatories. 
EFTA00728219
--- PAGE 20 ---
' Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 4 of 11 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 4 
Interrogatory No. 3. 
Identify all persons who came to the Palm Beach Residence 
and who gave a massage or were asked to give a massage to Defendant. 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, Defendant objects as the 
interrogatory is overbroad and seeks information that is neither relevant to the subject 
matter of the pending action nor does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence. Plaintiffs Complaint alleges a time period of "in or 
about 2004-2005." 
Interrogatory No. 4. 
Identify all persons who came to the New York Residence 
and who gave a massage or were asked to give a massage to Defendant. 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, Defendant objects as the 
interrogatory is overbroad and seeks information that is neither relevant to the subject 
matter of the pending action nor does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence. Plaintiffs Complaint alleges a time period of "in or 
about 2004-2005." 
Interrogatory No. 5. 
Identify all persons who came to the New Mexico Residence 
and who gave a massage or were asked to give a massage to Defendant. 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
EFTA00728220
--- PAGE 21 ---
• Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 5 of 11 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 5 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, Defendant objects as the 
interrogatory is overbroad and seeks information that is neither relevant to the subject 
matter of the pending action nor does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence. Plaintiffs Complaint alleges a time period of "in or 
about 2004-2005." 
Interrogatory No. 6. 
Identify all persons who came to the St. 
Residence 
and who gave a massage or were asked to give a massage to Defen ant. 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, Defendant objects as the 
interrogatory is overbroad and seeks information that is neither relevant to the subject 
matter of the pending action nor does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence. Plaintiffs Complaint alleges a time period of "in or 
about 2004-2005." 
Interrogatory No. 7. 
List all the time periods during which Jeffrey Epstein was 
present in the State of Florida, including for each the date he arrive and the date he 
departed. 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, Defendant also objects as the 
interrogatory is overbroad and seeks information that is neither relevant to the subject 
matter of the pending action nor does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the 
EFTA00728221
--- PAGE 22 ---
' Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 6 of 11 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 6 
discovery of admissible evidence. Plaintiffs Complaint alleges a time period of "in or 
about 2004-2005." Plaintiff's interrogatory seeks information for a time period from 
January 1, 2003 until present. 
Interrogatory No. 8. 
Identify all of Jeffrey Epstein health care providers in the 
past (10) ten years, including without limitation, psychologists, psychiatrists, mental 
health counselors, physicians, hospitals and treatment facilities. 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, Defendant also objects as the 
interrogatory is overbroad and seeks information that is neither relevant to the subject 
matter of the pending action nor does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence. In addition, such information is privileged pursuant to 
Rule 501, Fed. Evid., and §90.503, FIa.Evid. Code. In addition, such information is 
protected by the provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act 
(HIPAA). 
Interrogatory No. 9. 
List all items in Jeffrey Epstein's possession in Palm Beach, 
Florida, at any time during the period of these interrogatories, which were used or 
intended to be used as sexual aids, sex toys, massage aids, and/or vibrators, and for 
each, list the manufacturer, model number (if applicable), and its present location. 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, Defendant also objects as the 
interrogatory is overbroad and seeks information that is neither relevant to the subject 
matter of the pending action nor does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence. Plaintiffs Amended Complaint alleges a time period 
of "in or about 2004 — 2005," while Plaintiffs interrogatory seeks information from 
EFTA00728222
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 7 of 11 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 7 
January 1, 2003, until present. Further, the request is meant to embarrass and harass 
the Defendant. 
Interrogatory No. 10. 
Identify all persons who provide transportation services to 
Jeffrey Epstein, whether as employees or independent contractors, including without 
limitation, chauffeurs and aircraft crew. 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, Defendant also objects as the 
interrogatory is overbroad and seeks information that is neither relevant to the subject 
matter of the pending action nor does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence. Plaintiff places no time limitation. 
Interrogatory No. 11. 
Identify all telephone numbers used by Epstein, including 
cellular phones and land lines in any of his residences, by stating the complete 
telephone number and the name of the service provider. 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, Defendant also objects as the 
interrogatory is overbroad and seeks information that is neither relevant to the subject 
matter of the pending action nor does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence. Plaintiff's allegations claim a time period of "in or 
about 2004-2005" and involve Defendant's Palm Beach residence. 
Interrogatory No. 12. 
Identify all telephone numbers of employees of Epstein, 
used in the course or scope of their employment, including cellular phones and land 
lines in any of his residences, by stating the complete telephone number and the name 
of the service provider. 
EFTA00728223
--- PAGE 24 ---
' Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 8 of 11 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 8 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, Defendant objects as the 
interrogatory is overbroad and seeks information that is neither relevant to the subject 
matter of the pending action nor does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence. Plaintiffs allegations claim a time period of "in or 
about 2004-2005" and involve Defendant's Palm Beach residence. 
Interrogatory No. 13. 
List the names and addresses of all persons who are 
believed or known by your, your agents, or your attorneys to have any knowledge 
concerning any of the issues in this lawsuit; and specify the subject matter about which 
the witness has knowledge. 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the interrogatory seeks information 
that is attorney-client and work product privileged as it seeks information known by 
Defendant's attorneys. 
The interrogatory is so overbroad that Defendant cannot 
reasonably form a response, including the raising of additional privileges which may 
apply. Without waiving any objection, see Rule 26 disclosures made by Defendant's 
counsel in this case. 
Interrogatory No. 14. 
State the name and address of every person known to you, 
your agents, or your attorneys who has knowledge about, possession, or custody, or 
control of, any model, plat, map, drawing, motion picture, videotape or photograph 
pertaining to any fact or issue involved in this controversy; and describe as to each, 
what item such person has, the name and address of the person who took or prepared 
it, and the date it was taken or prepared. 
EFTA00728224
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 9 of 11 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 9 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the interrogatory seeks information 
that is attorney-client and work product privileged as it seeks information known by 
Defendant's attorneys. 
Interrogatory No. 15. 
Identify all persons who have made a claim, complaint, 
demand or threat against you relating to alleged sexual abuse or misconduct on a 
minor, and for each provide the following information: 
a. The person's full name, last known address and telephone number; 
b. The person's attorney, if represented; 
c. The date of the alleged incident(s); 
d. If a civil case has been filed by or on behalf of the person, the case number 
and identifying information. 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges and without waiving such objection, 
with regard to subparagraph (d), Defendant's counsel states that such information is 
public record and equally attainable by Plaintiff. 
Interrogatory No. 16. 
State the facts upon which you intend to rely for each denial 
of a pleading allegation and for each affirmative defense you intend to make in these 
cases. 
Answer: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as 
well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
EFTA00728225
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03.02'2009 
Page 10 of 11 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 10 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, no answer to the Amended 
Complaint has been filed by defense counsel in this case; however, Defendant does not 
intend to waive his constitutional privilege against self-incrimination. Defendant further 
objects in that Plaintiff's interrogatory attempts to obtain discovery in other cases filed 
by her undersigned counsel. 
Interrogatory No. 17. 
Identify all witnesses from whom you have obtained or 
requested a written, transcribed or recorded statement relating to any issue in these 
cases, and for each, in addition to the witness's identifying information, state the date of 
the statement and identify the person taking the statement. 
Answer: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the interrogatories as well 
as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to respond to all relevant questions 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide 
answers to any questions relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk 
losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition 
to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, Defendant objects to this 
interrogatory in that it seeks information that is attorney-client and work product 
privileged. In addition, the request is overbroad in that it seeks information "relating to 
any issue." 
STATE OF nor; c).O. 
) 
COUNTY OF 9c,\<„ (?>tc:i3, ) 
I hereby certify that on this day, before me, an officer duly authorized to administer oaths 
and take acknowledgments, personally appeared  JeccccM 
 , known to 
me to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing Interrogatories who 
EFTA00728226
--- PAGE 27 ---
. ..Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 11 of 11 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 11 
acknowledged before me that he/she executed the same, that I relied upon the following form of 
identification of the above-named person: personally known/identification and that an oath 
was/was not taken. 
WITNESS my hand and official seal in the County and State last aforesaid this 
26) 
day of  
o.,e,,No.r,A 
 2009. 
(SEAL) 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF FLORIDA 
ire\ 
Nayanira Alan's 
'Commission tDDMI844 
1/4,,
10,/ Expires: DEC. 01, 2012 
BONDED 11112U ATIXTC BONDING Ca, Dit. 
PRINDNAME: 
Mar'is
Notary Public/State of Florida 
Commission #: 
My Commission Expires: 
EFTA00728227
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 1 of 24 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA-JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE & OBJECTIONS 
TO PLAINTIFF'S AMENDED FIRST REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through his undersigned counsel, 
serves his responses and objections to Plaintiffs Amended First Request For 
Production To Defendant, dated December 9, 2008. 
Request No. 1. 
The list provided to you by the U.S. Attorney of individuals 
whom the U.S. Attorney was prepared to name in an Indictment as victims of an 
offense by Mr. Epstein enumerated in 18 U.S.C. §2255. 
Response: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
EXHIBIT "B" 
EFTA00728228
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 2 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 2 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. 
Request No. 2. 
All documents referring or relating to the United States' 
agreement with Defendant to defer federal prosecution subject to certain 
conditions, including without limitation, the operative agreement between 
Defendant and the United States and all amendments, revisions and 
supplements thereto. 
Response: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
EFTA00728229
--- PAGE 30 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 3 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 3 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. 
Request No. 3. 
All documents referring or relating to Defendant's agreement 
with the State of Florida on his plea of guilty to violations of Florida Criminal 
Statutes, including without limitation, the operative plea agreement and any 
amendments, revisions and supplements thereto. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
EFTA00728230
--- PAGE 31 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 4 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 4 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Whatever public documents exist are in the State Court file and 
equally accessible to Plaintiff. 
Request No.4. 
All documents obtained in discovery or investigation relating 
to either the Florida Criminal Case or the Federal Criminal Case, including 
without limitation, documents obtained from any federal, state, or local law 
enforcement agency, the State Attorney's office and the United States Attorney's 
office. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
EFTA00728231
--- PAGE 32 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 5 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 5 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Request No. 4 seeks documents that are attorney-client and 
work product privileged in that it seeks "all documents obtained in discovery or 
investigation relating either to the Florida Criminal Case or the Federal Criminal 
Case ... ." In addition, such documents are privileged and confidential as they 
are the subject of a pending investigation. 
Request No. 5. All telephone records and other documents reflecting telephone 
calls made by or to Defendant, including without limitation, telephone logs and 
message pads. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
EFTA00728232
--- PAGE 33 ---
• Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 6 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 6 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. 
Defendant objects as the request is overbroad and seeks 
information that is neither relevant to the subject matter of the pending action nor 
does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible 
evidence. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 2005." 
Plaintiffs request seeks information for a time period of January 1, 2003 until 
present regarding any and all telephone records and other documents reflecting 
any and all telephone calls made to or by Defendant. As phrased, the request 
includes attorney-client and work product privileged information, as well as 
records and documents of calls having absolutely no relationship to any of the 
allegations in this action. 
Request No. 6. All telephone records and other documents reflecting telephone 
calls made by or to Defendant, including without limitation, telephone logs and 
message pads, reflecting telephone calls made by or to employees. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
EFTA00728233
--- PAGE 34 ---
• Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 7 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 7 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. In addition, as defined by Plaintiff in 
paragraph g of her request, the term employee is overly broad and encompasses 
information that is neither relevant to the subject matter of the pending action nor 
does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible 
evidence. Further, the request seeks information pertaining to person who are 
not parties to this action and whose privacy rights are implicated. 
Request No. 7. All surveillance videos, slides, film, videotape, digital recording 
or other audio or video depiction or image of the Palm Beach Residence. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
EFTA00728234
--- PAGE 35 ---
• Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 8 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 8 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
2005." Plaintiff's request seeks information for a time period of January 1, 2003 
until present regarding "all surveillance videos, etc., or image of the Palm Beach 
Residence." 
Request No. 8. All documents referring or relating to Plaintiff Jane Doe No. 2, 
including without limitation, web pages, social networking site pages, 
correspondence, videotapes and audiotapes. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
EFTA00728235
--- PAGE 36 ---
• Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 9 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 9 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
Request No. 9. All statements taken, transcribed or recorded from any person 
referring or relating to Defendant's sexual conduct, massages given to Defendant 
or any issue in these cases. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
EFTA00728236
--- PAGE 37 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 10 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 10 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
Request No. 10. All documents referring to or relating to air travel and aircraft 
used by Defendant, including without limitation, flight logs and flight manifests. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time 
period of "in or about 2004 — 2005." Plaintiff's request seeks documents for a 
EFTA00728237
--- PAGE 38 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 11 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 11 
time period of January 1, 2003 until present regarding air travel and aircraft used 
by Defendant. 
Request No. 11. Any and all documents referring to or relating to modeling 
agencies, including but not limited to documents relating to or reflecting 
communications with female models. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
2005." Plaintiffs request has no time limitation. 
EFTA00728238
--- PAGE 39 ---
'Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 12 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 12 
Request No. 12. 
All photographs, videotapes, digital images and other 
documents depicting or showing females who, at the time thereof, were under 
the age of 21, which were taken or created by or for Defendant and not intended 
for sale commercially to the public. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
2005." Plaintiffs request has no time limitation. 
EFTA00728239
--- PAGE 40 ---
'Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 13 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 13 
Request No. 13. All photographs and painting of females which were displayed 
in any of Defendant's homes or residences in the time frame of these requests, 
including without limitation, photographs in standing or sitting frames or wall 
frames. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiff's complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
2005." Plaintiff's request has no time limitation. 
EFTA00728240
--- PAGE 41 ---
'Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 14 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 14 
Request No. 14. Any and all documents consisting of, referring or relating to 
communications between Jeffrey Epstein and 
, including, but not 
limited to, letters, notes, text messages, messages on social networking sites, 
and e-mails. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
2005." Plaintiffs request has no time limitation. 
EFTA00728241
--- PAGE 42 ---
'Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 15 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 15 
Request No. 15. Any and all documents consisting of, referring or relating to 
communications between Jeffrey Epstein and 
MI, including, but not 
limited to, letters, notes, text messages, messages on social networking sites, 
and e-mails. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiff's complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
2005." Plaintiffs request has no time limitation. 
EFTA00728242
--- PAGE 43 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 16 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 16 
Request No. 16. Any and all documents consisting of, referring or relating to 
communications between Jeffrey Epstein and Nada a, 
including, but 
not limited to, letters, notes, text messages, messages on social networking 
sites, and e-mails. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
2005." Plaintiffs request has no time limitation. 
EFTA00728243
--- PAGE 44 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 17 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 17 
Request No. 17. Any and all documents consisting of, referring or relating to 
communications between Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell, including, but 
not limited to, letters, notes, text messages, messages on social networking 
sites, and e-mails. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
2005." Plaintiffs request has no time limitation. 
EFTA00728244
--- PAGE 45 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 18 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 18 
Request No. 18. Any and all documents and photographs placed by Defendant 
at any time in the period of these requests on a social networking website, 
including without limitation, Facebook.com and MySpace.com. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
2005." Plaintiff's request seeks documents and photographs for a time period of 
January 1, 2003 until present. 
EFTA00728245
--- PAGE 46 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 19 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 19 
Request No. 19. 
Any and all documents reflecting or consisting of 
communications between Jeffrey Epstein and MC2 Models or Jean-Luc Brunel, 
relating or referring to females coming into the United States from other countries 
to pursue a career in modeling, including, but not limited to, letters, notes and e-
mails. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
EFTA00728246
--- PAGE 47 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 20 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 20 
2005." In addition, the request seeks documents pertaining to females who are 
not non-parties, and who possess privacy rights. 
Request No. 20. Any and all documents referring or relating to gifts or loans to 
females under the age of 21, including, but not limited to, notes, receipts and car 
rental agreements. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
2005." Plaintiffs request has no time limitation. 
EFTA00728247
--- PAGE 48 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 21 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 21 
Request No. 21. Any and all personal calendars or schedules of or for Jeffrey 
Epstein from January 1, 2003 to the present. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
2005." In addition, the request encompasses attorney-client privileged material. 
Request No. 22. All documents written by Jeffrey Epstein consisting of personal 
thoughts, feelings or descriptions of events, incidents or occurrences in 
Defendant's life, including without limitation, any diaries of Jeffrey Epstein. 
EFTA00728248
--- PAGE 49 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 22 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 22 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 - 
2005." On its fact, the request goes beyond the scope of allowable discovery 
and is meant to harass, embarrass and overburden the Defendant. Further, the 
request is so overly broad that it includes attorney-client and work product 
privileged materials. 
Request No. 23. All documents referring to or relating to Jeffrey Epstein's 
purchase or consumption of prescription medicine. 
EFTA00728249
--- PAGE 50 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 23 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 23 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
2005." Defendant's medical condition is not at issue in this action. Such a 
request is meant to harass and embarrass Defendant. Further, such information 
is privileged pursuant to Fed. Rule 501 and §90.503, Fla. Stat. In addition, such 
information is protected by the provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and 
Accountability Act (HIPAA). 
EFTA00728250
--- PAGE 51 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 24 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 24 of 24 
Certificate of Service 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing has been sent 
via U.S. Mail and facsimile to the following addressees this  
26th 
 day of 
January 2009. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Jeffrey Marc Herman, Esq. 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
Counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe #2 
Jack Alan Goldberger 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey 
Epstein 
Respectfully su 
By: 
ROBERT I. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida B. No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
LUTTIER & 
COLEMAN.
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-842-2820 
Fax: 561-515-3148 
(Co-counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00728251
--- PAGE 52 ---
* Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-4 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA-JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE & OBJECTIONS TO 
SECOND REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION, dated December 19, 2008 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through his undersigned 
attorneys, serves his responses and objections to the Request to Produce, dated 
December 19, 2008 and states: 
Request No. 1. 
All policies of insurance, including the declarations 
page and all binders, amendments, and endorsements, covering Defendant's 
residence at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, FL 33480. 
Response: Objection, overly broad, not relevant and material and not 
calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence. Plaintiff alleged 
claims occurred during a specific time period in 2004 - 2005, yet to be 
specifically identified. Yet, no time period whatsoever is set forth in the Request 
for Production. Additionally, Defendant objects in that the policies contain value 
and/or asset information which is not relevant, material nor calculated to lead to 
the discovery of admissible evidence at this point in time; said information is both 
private and confidential. 
EXHIBIT "C" 
EFTA00728252
--- PAGE 53 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Dqcument 57-4 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein(
Page 2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 2 of 2 
Certificate of Service 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing has been sent 
via U.S. Mail and facsimile to the following addressees this  26th 
 day of 
January, 2009. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Jeffrey Marc Herman, Esq. 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
Counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe #2 
Jack Alan Goldberger 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
Go-uounseTtbr uetendant Jeffrey 
Epstein 
Respectfully sub 
By: 
ROBER I URI F IONTJR., ESQ. 
Florida Ba' No. 224162 
SQ. 
Florida Rar #617246 
—BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & 
COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-842-2820 
Fax: 561-515-3148 
(Co-counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00728253

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728254.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM BEACH 
COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 
2008CF009381A 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
MOTION TO MODIFY SUPERVISION 
COMES NOW the Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through his undersigned 
attorney and moves this Honorable Court to enter an Order modifying the Defendant's 
supervision. In support thereof the Defendant would state as follows: 
1. On July 22, 2009, the Defendant was placed on community control I (the least 
restrictive non-monitored type of community control). 
2. The Defendant has been in complete compliance at all times with the terms of his 
supervision control since being placed on community control. 
3. The Defendant will have completed one half of his term of community control on 
January 22, 2010. 
4. Florida Statute 948.10 sets forth a legislative policy that encourages a reduction 
of the level of supervision from community control to probation prior to the expiration of the 
term of supervision originally ordered by the Court in appropriate circumstances. 
5. In considering a petition to modify supervision from community control to probation, 
Florida Statute 948.10 directs the Court to consider the following factors: 
A. 
The limited staff resources committed to the community control 
program. 
B. 
The offender's successful compliance with the conditions set forth in 
the Order of the Court. 
6. The Defendant has completed all his special conditions of supervision. 
EFTA00728254
--- PAGE 2 ---
7. Undersigned counsel for the Defendant has spoken to the Defendant's community 
control officer, Carmen Sloane, who has indicated that the Defendant's conduct on 
community control has been in compliance with all terms, conditions, and 
rules of 
supervision without any violations. 
8. Additionally, prior to the Defendant's being released on community control, the 
Defendant served a jail sentence at the Palm Beach County Jail. For approximately six 
months of the Defendant's jail sentence, the Defendant was granted work release. 
9. The Defendant completed his jail sentence with the work release component 
without violation and with conduct described by his work release supervisor as "exemplary". 
10. Given the Defendant's conduct while in jail, while on work release, and while on 
community control, the Defendant is not in need of the heightened supervision and cost to 
the community of community control and can be supervised meaningfully for the remaining 
months of his supervision under normal probation with whatever special conditions the Court 
deems appropriate. 
WHEREFORE, the Defendant moves this Honorable Court to enter an Order 
modifying the Defendant's supervision. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing has been furnished by mail to 
Barbara Burns, Esquire, State Attorney's Office, 401 North Dixie Highway, West Palm 
Beach, Florida 33401 and to Carmen Sloane, Department of Corrections, 423 Fern Street, 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401, this  
day of December, 2009. 
JACK A. GOLDBERGER, ESQ. 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Florida Bar No. 262013 
EFTA00728255

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728256.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728256.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM BEACH 
COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 
2008CF009381A 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
MOTION FOR AUTHORIZATION TO TRAVEL 
COMES NOW the Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through his undersigned 
attorney and moves this Honorable Court to enter an Order authorizing the Defendant to 
travel to New York on December 3, 2009 and December 12, 2009. In support thereof the 
Defendant would state as follows: 
1. The Defendant has been on community control since July 22, 2009. 
2. The Defendant's community control is scheduled to terminate on July 22, 2010. 
3. The Defendant has been in complete compliance with his conditions of community 
control since being placed on supervision. 
4. At a hearing on November 18, 2009 concerning the status of a No Contact Order, 
the Defendant, through counsel, requested this Honorable Court to allow the Defendant to 
travel for business purposes as long as he received the prior approval of his probation 
officer. The Court denied the motion at that time without prejudice and indicated that when 
there is a specific business trip planned for the Defendant to bring the matter back before 
the Court and it would be considered. 
5. The Defendant desires to travel to New York on December 3, 2009 and to return 
to West Palm Beach on the same date. The purpose of the meeting is for the Defendant 
to meet with his attorney, Stephen Susman at the Law Office of Davis Polk and Wardwell, 
EFTA00728256
--- PAGE 2 ---
located at 450 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10017. The purpose of the meeting 
is for Mr. Epstein and his attorney to review documents at the Davis Polk Law Offices. 
Attached hereto as Exhibit "A" is a letter from the Defendant's civil counsel, Stephen 
Susman, confirming the need for the meeting to take place at the Davis Polk Law Office in 
New York. 
6. The Defendant would travel to New York on the morning of December 3, 2009 
and would return to West Palm Beach on the evening of December 3, 2009. The Defendant 
would confirm the specific times of his travel with his probation officer prior to travel. 
7. The Defendant also needs to travel to New York on December 12, 2009 for a 
meeting with a governmental official from a foreign country. Once again, the Defendant 
would travel to New York on the morning of December 12, 2009 and would return the 
evening of December 12, 2009. The Defendant would once again confirm the specific travel 
times with his probation officer prior to travel. 
WHEREFORE, the Defendant moves this Honorable Court to enter an Order 
authorizing the Defendant to travel for the day on December 3, 2009 and December 12, 
2009. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing has been furnished by mail to 
Barbara Burns, Esquire, State Attorney's Office, 401 North Dixie Highway, West Palm 
Beach, Florida 33401 and to Carmen Sloane, Department of Corrections, 423 Fern Street, 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401, this 24th day of November, 2009. 
JACK A. GOLDBERGER, ESQ. 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Florida Bar No. 262013 
EFTA00728257

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728258.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728258.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN 
THE 
CIRCUIT 
COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Complex Litigation, Fla. R. Civ. Pro.1201 
Plaintiff, 
Case No. 50 2009CA040800XXXXMB AG 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
individually, and M., individually, 
Defendants. 
Motion to Compel Bradley Edwards To Appear For Follow-Up Deposition 
Plaintiff, JEFFREY EPSTEIN (hereinafter "EPSTEIN"), by and through his undersigned 
attorneys, files this Motion to Compel Defendant, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, for follow-up 
deposition. Accordingly, EPSTEIN states: 
I. Introduction 
As this court is aware, attorney Scott Rothstein aided by other lawyers and employees at 
the firm of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt, and Adler, P.A. for personal greed and enrichment, in betrayal 
of the ethical, legal and fiduciary duties to their own clients and professional obligations to the 
administration of justice, deliberately engaged in a pattern of racketeering that involved a 
staggering series of gravely serious obstructions of justice, actionable frauds, and the 
orchestration and conducting of egregious civil litigation abuses that resulted in profoundly 
serious injury to Jeffrey Epstein one of several targets of their misconduct and others. Rothstein 
and RRA's fraud had no boundary; Rothstein and his co-conspirators forged Federal court orders 
and opinions. Amongst the violations of law that are the subject of this lawsuit are the marketing 
of non-existent Epstein settlements and the sanctioning of a series of depositions that were 
EFTA00728258
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein, et al. 
Page 2 
unrelated to any principled litigation purpose but instead designed to discover extraneous private 
information about Epstein or his personal and business associates (including well-known public 
figures) in order to defraud investors and support extortionate demands for payment from 
Epstein. Edwards, formerly of RRA, represents three (3) of the alleged Jane Does. The 
misconduct featured the filing of legal motions and the pursuit of a civil litigation strategy that 
was unrelated to the merits or value of their clients' cases and, instead, had as its improper 
purpose the furthering of Rothstein's misrepresentations and deceit to third party investors. As a 
result, Epstein was subject to abusive investigatory tactics, unprincipled media attacks, and 
unsupportable legal filings, some of which Edwards either knew about and/or participated in as 
the attorney for the Jane does. 
II. Motion to Compel 
I. 
On March 23, 2010, the undersigned took the deposition of Edwards. It is 
believed that Edwards is either a major player in the Rothstein/RRA scam or a partner of that 
firm who knew or should have known that Rothstein was scrupulously marketing alleged Epstein 
settlements based upon the lawsuits filed by three (3) Jane Does (Le., Jane Doe, LM and EW). 
Jane Doe is filed in the Southern District of Florida, and LM and EW are both filed in the Circuit 
Court in and for Palm Beach county, Florida. Notably, Edwards represented Jane Doe, LM and 
EW well before he accepted his gainful employment with RRA and continues to represent them 
today. 
(a) The Costs Incurred By RRA and The Financial Arrangement Between RRA 
and Edwards 
2. 
Based upon the allegations of fraud as set forth in the Complaint, it is imperative 
that Epstein know the financial arrangement between Edwards and RRA relative to the three (3) 
EFTA00728259
--- PAGE 3 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein, et al. 
Page 3 
Jane Doe cases Edwards brought from his small private practice ("Brad Edwards P.A.") to RRA, 
which Rothstein feverishly marketed as part of his ponzi scheme. Epstein is entitled to know if 
Mr. Edwards ever received any bonus monies for bringing over the three Jane Doe cases and the 
exact amount of costs incurred by RRA and Brad Edwards P.A., and which RRA apparently 
agreed to reimburse Mr. Edwards for after becoming a partner with RRA. Moreover, as set forth 
infra, despite Edwards deposition testimony, Epstein has now learned that Edwards had five (5) 
Epstein related cases, not three (3) as he testified. Accordingly, Epstein is entitled to learn any 
financial arrangement relative to those cases including, but not limited to, whether Edwards' 
salary was structured in a manner to bonus him for transitioning the Jane Doe cases over to RRA. 
3. 
For instance, at his deposition, Edwards testified that there were only three (3) 
cases brought from Brad Edwards P.A. to RRA. See Exhibit "A," Edwards' deposition at pp. 
12-13, 92, 158-59, & 152-153. Moreover, he appeared to be unsure as to what "costs" meant, but 
later testified that the costs involved in litigating the three (3) cases totaled between $300,000 
and $500,000 dollars. Exhibit "A" at pp. 158-59, 75-177 & 196. 
4. 
Since Edwards' deposition, Epstein learned that Edwards had five (5) Epstein 
related cases while at RRA. Epstein learned this information by way of an agreement entered 
into between the Bankruptcy Trustee for RRA and Edwards' current law firm, which agreement 
identifies each of the five (5) Epstein related matters by the figure - "5%." (the "Agreement"). 
Sit Exhibit "B." Moreover, it appears from the Agreement that Edwards and his current law 
firm have agreed to reimburse the Trustee for costs and expenses incurred in litigating each of 
the Epstein matters (i.e., all five), which means that Edwards must now know the exact amount 
of costs incurred in litigating the five (5) cases by virtue of having entered into the Agreement. 
EFTA00728260
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein, et al. 
Page 4 
Id. Since the costs and the number of Epstein related cases go to the heart of this litigation, 
Plaintiff is entitled to depose Edwards on those newly found and relevant topics. Certainly, 
based upon his deposition testimony (or lack thereof) regarding the number of Epstein related 
cases he was involved in while at RRA, Epstein is entitled inquiry into same. These inquiries go 
to the heart of Epstein's damages claim. 
5. 
Likewise, Epstein is entitled to know whether Edwards ever received any form of 
compensation for transitioning the other two (2) cases he failed to address at his recent 
deposition including, but not limited to, whether the salary he agreed to accept had any assort of 
monetary component related to the Epstein cases and which Edwards attorney objected to on the 
grounds of "economic privacy." Exhibit "A" at pp. 72-74. Defendant's objections should be 
overruled in this regard. See Lg., Friedman v. Heart Institute of Port. St. Lucie, Inc., 863 So.2d 
189, 194-194 (Fla. 2003)(disclosure of financial information can only cause irreparable harm in a 
case in which the information is not relevant). [W]here materials sought by a party would appear 
to be relevant to the subject matter of the pending action, the information is fully discoverable." 
Id. at 194. See also Epstein v. Epstein, 519 So.2d 1042 (Fla. 3d DCA 1988). The financial 
information sought here is clearly relevant. 
(b) Topic Specific Objections As to Michael Fisten Should Be Overruled and Edwards 
Should be Compelled To Return For Deposition to Testify to Same and to His Newly 
Filed Affidavit 
6. 
Michael Fisten was an investigator working for RRA, and is currently believed to 
be employed by Edwards' current firm. Exhibit "A," pp. 110-111, 128-129. 
7. 
The undersigned asked Mr. Edwards to discuss certain information related to the 
Epstein investigation, which was met with several work-product objections by Edwards' counsel. 
EFTA00728261
--- PAGE 5 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein. et al. 
Page 5 
See 
Exhibit "A" at pp. 169-171, 185-186. Edwards counsel made clear that Edwards would 
not answer "any questions" related to the alleged investigation done by Fisten and other 
investigators. Therefore, it was clear that despite the fact that Mr. Edwards and Mr. Fisten 
discussed Epstein and the Jane Doe matters with George Rush of the NY Daily News regarding 
the Epstein matter, he would not be answering any questions regarding what Fisten specifically 
discussed with Mr. Rush because that was work-product. However, subsequent to Edwards' 
deposition, Michael Fisten filed the Affidavit attached hereto as Exhibit "C". According, to the 
extent any privilege attached to the topics outlined in Mr. Fisten's Affidavit, same no longer 
exists as the affidavit is now being used for testimonial purposes. 
Kailas v. Carnival 
Corporation, 2008 WL 2222152 at *4-6 (S.D. Fla. 2008); Montana Land and Mineral Owners 
Assoc., Inc. v. Devon Energy Corporation, 2006 WL 1876859 (D. Mont. 2006)(use of affidavits 
for testimonial purposes waives work-product). Accordingly, Mr. Edwards should be compelled 
to return for deposition to discuss the Mr. Fisten's Affidavit and the topics outlined therein, and 
any objections as to work-product relative to Michael Fisten as it pertains to his involvement 
with George Rush should be waived and Edwards should be compelled to testify to same. 
8. 
Likewise, Edwards should be compelled to return to deposition to testify, under 
oath, as to the information set out in his Affidavit attached hereto as Exhibit "D". No privilege 
can attach to a publicly filed document, and Mr. Edwards did not fully recall at deposition the 
information that was later delineated in his Affidavit. Exhibit "A" at pp. 134-146 and 151-154. 
Accordingly, a more detailed inquiry is required for those same reasons set out above. 
III.The Legal Standard 
9. 
In sum, nothing in the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure forbids a second 
EFTA00728262
--- PAGE 6 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein. et at 
Page 6 
discovery deposition. Medina v. Yoder Auto Sales. Inc., 743 So.2d 621, 622-623 (Fla. 2d DCA 
1999) and Fla. R. Civ. Pro. 1.280. 
10. 
As defined by §90.401, Fla.Evid.Code, "relevant evidence is evidence tending to 
prove or disprove a material fact." "Relevancy describes evidence that has a legitimate tendency 
to prove or disprove a given proposition that is material as shown by the pleadings. [It is] a 
tendency to establish a fact in controversy or render a proposition more or less probable." 
Zabner v. Howard Johnson's, Inc. of Fla., 227 So.2d 543, 545 (Fla. 4th DCA 1969). It is equally 
well settled that "the concept of relevancy is broader in the discovery context than in the trial 
context" and a party may be permitted to discovery relevant evidence that would be inadmissible 
at trial, so long as it is reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence. 
Rule 1.280(b), Fla.R.Civ.P. (2008). 
Wherefore, Epstein requests that this court grant the relief requested herein, including, 
but not limited to, ordering that Edwards return for a second deposition, waiving the objections 
asserted by his counsel as identified above, and requiring him to testify to the subject matter 
outlined herein, and for any additional and further relief as the court deems just and proper. 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was sent by fax and U.S. Mail to 
the following addressees on this 
day of 
, 2010: 
MARC S. NURIK, ESQ. 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One East Broward 
Boulevard 
Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Gary M. Farmer, Jr., Esq. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
EFTA00728263
--- PAGE 7 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein. et at 
Page 7 
Fax 
Attorneys for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
M- 
Fax 
Attorneys for Defendant, L.M. 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
F 
ttorneys for Defendant Bradley Edwards 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach FL 33401-5012 
Fax 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN, LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Fax 
By: 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
Florida Bar #224162 
Michael J. Pike 
Florida Bar #617296 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00728264

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728265.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN 
THE 
CIRCUIT 
COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Complex Litigation, Fla. R. Civ. Pro.1201 
Plaintiff, 
Case No. 50 2009CA040800XXXXMB AG 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
individually, and M., individually, 
Defendants. 
Motion to Compel Bradley Edwards To Appear For Follow-Up Deposition 
Plaintiff, JEFFREY EPSTEIN (hereinafter "EPSTEIN"), by and through his undersigned 
attorneys, files this Motion to Compel Defendant, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, for follow-up 
deposition. Accordingly, EPSTEIN states: 
I. 
Introduction 
As this court is aware, attorney Scott Rothstein aided by other lawyers and employees at 
the firm of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt, and Adler, P.A. for personal greed and enrichment, in betrayal 
of the ethical, legal and fiduciary duties to their own clients and professional obligations to the 
administration of justice, deliberately engaged in a pattern of racketeering that involved a 
staggering series of gravely serious obstructions of justice, actionable frauds, and the 
orchestration and conducting of egregious civil litigation abuses that resulted in profoundly 
serious injury to Jeffrey Epstein one of several targets of their misconduct and others. Rothstein 
and RRA's fraud had no boundary; Rothstein and his co-conspirators forged Federal court orders 
and opinions. Amongst the violations of law that are the subject of this lawsuit are the marketing 
of non-existent Epstein settlements and the sanctioning of a series of depositions that were 
EFTA00728265
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein, et al. 
Page 2 
unrelated to any principled litigation purpose but instead designed to discover extraneous private 
information about Epstein or his personal and business associates (including well-known public 
figures) in order to defraud investors and support extortionate demands for payment from 
Epstein. Edwards, formerly of RRA, represents three (3) of the alleged Jane Does. The 
misconduct featured the filing of legal motions and the pursuit of a civil litigation strategy that 
was unrelated to the merits or value of their clients' cases and, instead, had as its improper 
purpose the furthering of Rothstein's misrepresentations and deceit to third party investors. As a 
result, Epstein was subject to abusive investigatory tactics, unprincipled media attacks, and 
unsupportable legal filings, some of which Edwards either knew about and/or participated in as 
the attorney for the Jane does. 
II. 
Motion to Compel 
I. 
On March 23, 2010, the undersigned took the deposition of Edwards. It is 
believed that Edwards is either a major player in the Rothstein/RRA scam or a partner of that 
firm who knew or should have known that Rothstein was scrupulously marketing alleged Epstein 
settlements based upon the lawsuits filed by three (3) Jane Does (Le., Jane Doe, LM and EW). 
Jane Doe is filed in the Southern District of Florida, and LM and EW are both filed in the Circuit 
Court in and for Palm Beach county, Florida. Notably, Edwards represented Jane Doe, LM and 
EW well before he accepted his gainful employment with RRA and continues to represent them 
today. 
(a) The Costs Incurred By RRA and The Financial Arrangement Between RRA 
and Edwards 
2. 
Based upon the allegations of fraud as set forth in the Complaint, it is imperative 
that Epstein know the financial arrangement between Edwards and RRA relative to the three (3) 
EFTA00728266
--- PAGE 3 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein, et al. 
Page 3 
Jane Doe cases Edwards brought from his small private practice ("Brad Edwards P.A.") to RRA, 
which Rothstein feverishly marketed as part of his ponzi scheme. Epstein is entitled to know if 
Mr. Edwards ever received any bonus monies for bringing over the three Jane Doe cases and the 
exact amount of costs incurred by RRA and Brad Edwards P.A., and which RRA apparently 
agreed to reimburse Mr. Edwards for after becoming a partner with RRA. Moreover, as set forth 
infra, despite Edwards deposition testimony, Epstein has now learned that Edwards had five (5) 
Epstein related cases, not three (3) as he testified. Accordingly, Epstein is entitled to learn any 
financial arrangement relative to those cases including, but not limited to, whether Edwards' 
salary was structured in a manner to bonus him for transitioning the Jane Doe cases over to RRA. 
3. 
For instance, at his deposition, Edwards testified that there were only three (3) 
cases brought from Brad Edwards P.A. to RRA. See Exhibit "A," Edwards' deposition at pp. 
12-13, 92, 158-59, & 152-153. Moreover, he appeared to be unsure as to what "costs" meant, but 
later testified that the costs involved in litigating the three (3) cases totaled between $300,000 
and $500,000 dollars. Exhibit "A" at pp. 158-59, 75-177 & 196. 
4. 
Since Edwards' deposition, Epstein learned that Edwards had five (5) Epstein 
related cases while at RRA. Epstein learned this information by way of an agreement entered 
into between the Bankruptcy Trustee for RRA and Edwards' current law firm, which agreement 
identifies each of the five (5) Epstein related matters by the figure - "5%." (the "Agreement"). 
Sit Exhibit "B." Moreover, it appears from the Agreement that Edwards and his current law 
firm have agreed to reimburse the Trustee for costs and expenses incurred in litigating each of 
the Epstein matters (i.e., all five), which means that Edwards must now know the exact amount 
of costs incurred in litigating the five (5) cases by virtue of having entered into the Agreement. 
EFTA00728267
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein, et al. 
Page 4 
Id. Since the costs and the number of Epstein related cases go to the heart of this litigation, 
Plaintiff is entitled to depose Edwards on those newly found and relevant topics. Certainly, 
based upon his deposition testimony (or lack thereof) regarding the number of Epstein related 
cases he was involved in while at RRA, Epstein is entitled inquiry into same. These inquiries go 
to the heart of Epstein's damages claim. 
5. 
Likewise, Epstein is entitled to know whether Edwards ever received any form of 
compensation for transitioning the other two (2) cases he failed to address at his recent 
deposition including, but not limited to, whether the salary he agreed to accept had any assort of 
monetary component related to the Epstein cases and which Edwards attorney objected to on the 
grounds of "economic privacy." Exhibit "A" at pp. 72-74. Defendant's objections should be 
overruled in this regard. See Lg., Friedman v. Heart Institute of Port. St. Lucie, Inc., 863 So.2d 
189, 194-194 (Fla. 2003)(disclosure of financial information can only cause irreparable harm in a 
case in which the information is not relevant). [W]here materials sought by a party would appear 
to be relevant to the subject matter of the pending action, the information is fully discoverable." 
Id. at 194. See also Epstein v. Epstein, 519 So.2d 1042 (Fla. 3d DCA 1988). The financial 
information sought here is clearly relevant. 
(b) Topic Specific Objections As to Michael Fisten Should Be Overruled and Edwards 
Should be Compelled To Return For Deposition to Testify to Same and to His Newly 
Filed Affidavit 
6. 
Michael Fisten was an investigator working for RRA, and is currently believed to 
be employed by Edwards' current firm. Exhibit "A," pp. 110-111, 128-129. 
7. 
The undersigned asked Mr. Edwards to discuss certain information related to the 
Epstein investigation, which was met with several work-product objections by Edwards' counsel. 
EFTA00728268
--- PAGE 5 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein. et al. 
Page 5 
See 
Exhibit "A" at pp. 169-171, 185-186. Edwards counsel made clear that Edwards would 
not answer "any questions" related to the alleged investigation done by Fisten and other 
investigators. Therefore, it was clear that despite the fact that Mr. Edwards and Mr. Fisten 
discussed Epstein and the Jane Doe matters with George Rush of the NY Daily News regarding 
the Epstein matter, he would not be answering any questions regarding what Fisten specifically 
discussed with Mr. Rush because that was work-product. However, subsequent to Edwards' 
deposition, Michael Fisten filed the Affidavit attached hereto as Exhibit "C". According, to the 
extent any privilege attached to the topics outlined in Mr. Fisten's Affidavit, same no longer 
exists as the affidavit is now being used for testimonial purposes. 
Kailas v. Carnival 
Corporation, 2008 WL 2222152 at *4-6 (S.D. Fla. 2008); Montana Land and Mineral Owners 
Assoc., Inc. v. Devon Energy Corporation, 2006 WL 1876859 (D. Mont. 2006)(use of affidavits 
for testimonial purposes waives work-product). Accordingly, Mr. Edwards should be compelled 
to return for deposition to discuss the Mr. Fisten's Affidavit and the topics outlined therein, and 
any objections as to work-product relative to Michael Fisten as it pertains to his involvement 
with George Rush should be waived and Edwards should be compelled to testify to same. 
8. 
Likewise, Edwards should be compelled to return to deposition to testify, under 
oath, as to the information set out in his Affidavit attached hereto as Exhibit "D". No privilege 
can attach to a publicly filed document, and Mr. Edwards did not fully recall at deposition the 
information that was later delineated in his Affidavit. Exhibit "A" at pp. 134-146 and 151-154. 
Accordingly, a more detailed inquiry is required for those same reasons set out above. 
III. 
The Legal Standard 
9. 
In sum, nothing in the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure forbids a second 
EFTA00728269
--- PAGE 6 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein. et at 
Page 6 
discovery deposition. Medina v. Yoder Auto Sales. Inc., 743 So.2d 621, 622-623 (Fla. 2d DCA 
1999) and Fla. R. Civ. Pro. 1.280. 
10. 
As defined by §90.401, Fla.Evid.Code, "relevant evidence is evidence tending to 
prove or disprove a material fact." "Relevancy describes evidence that has a legitimate tendency 
to prove or disprove a given proposition that is material as shown by the pleadings. [It is] a 
tendency to establish a fact in controversy or render a proposition more or less probable." 
Zabner v. Howard Johnson's, Inc. of Fla., 227 So.2d 543, 545 (Fla. 4th DCA 1969). It is equally 
well settled that "the concept of relevancy is broader in the discovery context than in the trial 
context" and a party may be permitted to discovery relevant evidence that would be inadmissible 
at trial, so long as it is reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence. 
Rule 1.280(b), Fla.R.Civ.P. (2008). 
Wherefore, Epstein requests that this court grant the relief requested herein, including, 
but not limited to, ordering that Edwards return for a second deposition, waiving the objections 
asserted by his counsel as identified above, and requiring him to testify to the subject matter 
outlined herein, and for any additional and further relief as the court deems just and proper. 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was sent by fax and U.S. Mail to 
the following addressees on this 
day of 
, 2010: 
MARC S. NURIK, ESQ. 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One East Broward 
Boulevard 
Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Gary M. Farmer, Jr., Esq. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
EFTA00728270
--- PAGE 7 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein. et at 
Page 7 
Fax 
Attorneys for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
Mttor
neyr Beach, FL 33409 
s for Defendant Bradley Edwards 
Fax 
ttorneys or efendant, L.M. 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach FL 33401-5012 
Fax 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN, LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard 
Suite 400 
h, Ft 33401 
Fax 
By: 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
Florida Bar #224162 
Michael J. Pike 
Florida Bar #617296 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00728271

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728272.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728272.pdf
----------------------------------------
What You Can Do to Transform Education 
When Jack Hidary told me about National Lab Day, I got chills. The 
tag line for National Lab Day is: A National Barn-Raising for Hands-
On Learning. Using the internet and social computing technologies, 
with the support of the White House and the business and scientific 
communities, National Lab Day reaches out to the education 
community, providing a tool set that brings context, community, and 
passion, and that has the potential to transform our educational 
system into a true learning community. 
How does this work exactly? 
1. Teachers, scientists, organizations, and individual volunteers 
are invited to go to: National Lab Day 
2. Then, there's an opportunity to follow the track that best 
identifies how you would like to contribute. Or, you can simply 
browse existing projects. 
As you browse, you might come across the teacher in Couer D'Alene, 
Idaho, wanting to build a working model of a river watershed. Or, the 
Levittown, New York, teacher wanting help with a project on 
Superconductivity. You might come across the teacher in Chicago, 
Illinois, working with students to design, build and test bridges, and 
seeking engineers and Department of Transportation contacts. 
Why is this one of the most important movements in education today? 
Research shows that hands-on learning is powerful and effective. In 
the well-meaning efforts to create standards in education -- context, 
creativity, and our natural inclinations to explore and play, have been 
replaced with a mountains of homework and a curriculum that may 
not effectively prepare youth for the 2151 century. 
In schools, failure is stigmatized, emotionally disabling, and has 
become a label and a measure rather than part of a feedback system 
supporting iteration and exploration. The most productive scientists 
and inventors will tell you that they fail constantly, all day long. Each 
failure informs them, guides them toward a new direction, a new 
hunch, a new possibility. With hands-on learning, failure is iteration, 
in the spirit of how the most accomplished scientists work. 
EFTA00728272
--- PAGE 2 ---
In the somewhat misguided efforts to "teacher proof" the educational 
system, we have lost what good teachers bring to the system: 
passion, curiosity, love of learning, and an ability to create a learning 
ecosystem in a classroom, a school and a community. Think about 
what touched you most in school. At a dinner, discussing education 
with a number of Silicon Valley CEO's, to a person, the most 
significant memories were those of passionate teachers as role 
models. 
We don't find our passions. They find us. Not through hours of 
homework and standardized tests; rather, through engagement, 
exploration and in context learning. According to Stuart Brown, MD, 
author of Play: How it Shapes the Brain, Opens the Imagination, and 
Invigorates the Soul, highly successful people have a rich play life. 
Brown further suggests that play is a "biological necessity, 
contributing to the learning of emotional control, social competency, 
personal resiliency and continuing curiosity....(many) other life 
benefits accrue largely through rich developmentally appropriate play 
experiences. 
An adult who has "lost" what was a playful youth and doesn't play will 
demonstrate social, emotional and cognitive narrowing, be less able 
to handle stress, and often experience a smoldering depression." 
Brown talks about the value of recalling your play history. You can 
take time to do that here. 
National Lab Day has the potential to revitalize a national learning 
community by offering an infrastructure to facilitate the spirit of play 
and exploration in our classrooms, schools and communities. 
While there have been efforts in the past to encourage hands-on 
learning, the sheer scale of the consortium gathering around National 
Lab Day gives it the potential to have a profound transformational 
impact on education and learning. Respected scientific communities 
and organizations, including: ACS, IEEE, AAAS and 100+ other 
scientific societies will be promoting this effort to their members. 
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the MacArthur 
Foundation have kicked in the capital to get the project going. 
EFTA00728273
--- PAGE 3 ---
In addition to the White House, other key federal agencies have 
joined in, incuding: NASA, the Department of Energy, the 
Department of Education, the National Institutes of Health and the 
National Science Foundation. 
The National Science Teachers Association and the National 
Education Association are supporting this effort as are a growing 
number of companies, including Microsoft and Texas Instruments. 
O'Reilly and Make have contributed project guides to National Lab 
Day. 
If you're reading this, please join us! Click on the links, join the 
movement, and lend your energy, skills, or resources to renewing 
education and learning for the 21st century. 
EFTA00728274

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728275.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728275.pdf
----------------------------------------
BILL RICHARDSON 
GOVERNOR 
JOHN DENKO JR. 
CABINET SECRETARY 
July 23, 2010 
Jeffery E. Epstein 
Zorro Ranch Rd. 
Stanley, NM 87056 
NEW MEXICO 
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY 
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY 
827-3370 
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF 
NEW MEXICO STATE POLICE 
827-9219 
RE: SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION AND NOTIFICATION ACT 
Dear Jeffery E. Epstein: 
FARON W. SEGOTTA 
DEPUTY SECRETARY-OPERATIONS 
CHIEF-STATE POLICE 
DR. MIKE L MIER 
DEPUTY SECRETARY-ADMINISTRATION 
The New Mexico Department of Public Safety (DPS) has received notification from the Florida 
Department of Law Enforcement advising that you are a convicted sex offender and that you meet 
the requirement to register in New Mexico. Pursuant to NMSA 29-11a-1, a convicted sex offender 
who resides in New Mexico shall register with the County Sheriff no later than ten (10) days after 
establishing residence in this state. Do not hesitate; failure to comply with the Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act will result in a 4th degree Felony. Please provide the Sheriffs' 
Department with the Judgment and Sentence regarding your sex offense conviction. 
If you have any questions about this notice, or about the Sex Offender Registration Act, please 
contact the DPS, at (505) 827-3314. 
Regina Chacon, Assistant Bureau Chief 
Law Enforcement Records Bureau 
NM Department of Public Safety 
cc: Santa Fe County Sheriff 
File: 
TH: RC 
ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES 
827-9016 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
827-9121 
MOTOR TRANSPORTATION 
POLICE DIVISION 
476-2457 
CALEA 
ACCREDITED LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY 
SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS 
8414053 
TECHNICAL SUPPORT 
827-9221 
TRAINING MID RECRUITING 
827-9251 
POST OFFICE Box 1628 • SANTA FE, NEW MEXICO 87504-1628 
EFTA00728275

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728276.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL 
CIRCUIT, IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH 
COUNTY, FLORIDA 
L.M., 
CASE NO. 502008CA02.80517OCOCMB AD 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEO DEPOSITION 
To: 
See Service List below 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorney will take the deposition via video of: 
DEPONENT 
EW 
c/o Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
DATE & TIME 
Friday 
September 11, 2009 
10:00 a.m. 
LOCATION OF DEPOSITION 
Burman Critton Luther & Coleman, 
LLC 
303 Banyan Boulevard 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
upon oral examination, before Prose Court Reporting Agency, Inc., a Notary Public, or any other officer 
authorized by law to take depositions in the State of Florida. The oral examination is being taken for the 
purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such other purposes as are permitted under the applicable 
Statutes of Rules of Court. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing has been furnished by electronic mail 
(e-mail) and U.S. Mail to the addresses listed on the below Service List this le day of Aggyfit, 2009. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
303 Banyan Blvd., Suite 400 
ailliach, 
FL 3340 
BY: 
ROBER 
. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida ar No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar. No. 6172% 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Courtesy copy: Prose Court Reporting Agency, Inc. 
EFTA00728276
--- PAGE 2 ---
L.M. v. Epstein 
Page 2 
L.M. v. Epstein 
Service List 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
Jay Howell & Associates, P.A. 
644 Cesery Boulevard 
Suite 250 
Jacksonville FL 32211 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach FL 33401-5012 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00728277

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728278.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
NOTICE OF TAKING DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the attorney for Plaintiff in the above-styled cause 
will take the deposition of William Gary Hammond on October 13, 2009 at 2:00 p.m. for 
the purposes of discovery at the following location: 
Esquire Court Reporters 
515 N Flagler Dr 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Said deposition will be taken before ESQUIRE COURT REPORTERS, a Notary 
Public or any officer authorized to administer oaths by the laws of the State of Florida, 
and a person who is neither a relative, nor employee, nor attorney, nor counsel of any of 
the parties and who is neither a relative nor employee of such attorney or counsel, and 
who is not financially interested in the action. 
Said deposition will be taken pursuant to Florida Rules of Civil Procedure in such 
cases provided. Said oral examination will continue from hour to hour and from day to 
day until completed. 
EFTA00728278
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 
502008CA028051MOMB AD 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and Emailtransmission, this t 
day of September, 2009 to: Michael Burman, 
Esq., & Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Critton, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 
400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery 
Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale Florida
394 
Telephone 
Telecopier 
copies to: Esquire Court Reporters 
Sr'  
9e,
By: 
radle4LJ. Edwards 
Florida Bar N . 4 
William J. Berger 
Florida Bar No. 197701 
Mal 
F4 
'1 
EFTA00728279

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728280.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-ev-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorney will take the 
videotaped deposition of: 
DEPONENT 
DATE & TIME 
LOCATION OF 
DEPOSITION 
JanchapF 
September 30, 2009 
do
 Edwards, Esq. 
at 10:00 AM 
Rothstein Resenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Blvd. 
Suite 1650 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Burman Critton Luttier & 
Coleman, LLC 
303 Banyan Boulevard 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33160 
upon oral examination, before Prose Court Reporting Agency, a Notary Public, or any 
other officer authorized by law to take depositions in the State of Florida. The oral, 
videotaped examination is being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for 
such other purposes as are permitted under the applicable Statutes of Rules of Court. 
Robert ► Critton, Jr. 
Attome for Defendant Epstein 
EFTA00728280
--- PAGE 2 ---
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the foregoing document is being served this day on all 
counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
electronic mail (e-mail) on this it  day of August, 2009 
Respec 
mitted, 
By: 
ROB 
Flori 
rcrit® 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
mpike@bciclaw.com 
BURMAN, CR1TTON, LUTTIER & 
COLEMAN 
303 Banyan Blvd., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Counsellor Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
D. 
Bar N 
Icl w 
1TTON, JR., ESQ. 
224162 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/ 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
ssm@sexabuseattornev.com 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattomey.com 
Counsel for Plaintiffs 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119, 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 
08-80994 
Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-522-3456 
Fax: 954-527-8663 
bedwards @rra-law.com 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 B, Room 101 
EFTA00728281
--- PAGE 3 ---
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
229010" Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
561-582-7600 
Fax: 561-588-8819 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80811 
reel rhw 610 h otmail.com 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. In Esq. 
Scatty Denney Scarola Bamhart & Shipley, 
P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
561-686-6300 
Fax: 561-383-9424 
jsx@searcvlaw.com 
ith@searcvlaw.com 
Counsel for Plaintaf,=. 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-202-6360 
Fax: 561-828-0983 
ecf@brucereinhartlaw.m.
Counsel for Defendant 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 
Isidro M. 
Escl• 
Law Finn, P.A. 
224 Datum Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561-832-7137 F 
isidrogartia@bellsouth.net 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80469 
C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Hagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
305 358-2800 
Fax: 305 358-2382 
dosefsberg@vodhurstcom 
kezell@oodhurst.com 
Counsel for Plaintiffs in Related Cases 
Nos. 09-80591 and 09-80656 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
iaaesq@bellsouttnet 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00728282

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728283.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL 
CIRCUIT, 
IN 
AND FOR 
PALM 
BEACH 
COUNTY, FLORIDA 
E.N., 
CASE NO. 502008CA028058,OOO(MB AD 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEO DEPOSITION 
To: 
See Service List below 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorney will take the deposition via video ot: 
DEPONENT 
L.M. 
do Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
DATE & TIME 
Friday 
October 16, 2009 
@ 10:00 aan. 
LOCATION OF DEPOSITION 
Burman Craton Lanier & Coleman, 
LLC 
303 Banyan Blvd, Suite #400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
upon oral examination, before Prose Court Reporting Agency, Inc., a Notary Public, or any other officer 
authorized by law to take depositions in the State of Florida. The oral examination is being taken for the 
purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such other purposes as are permitted under the applicable Statutes 
of Rules of Court. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was sent by electronic mail (e-mail) and U.S. 
Mail to the addresses listed on the below Service List on this It day of August. 2009. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTHER & COLEMAN, LLP 
303 Banyan Blvd., Suite 400 
Mich, 
F1.33401 
By: 
Fax 
Robert . Critton, Jr. 
Flori 
Bar #224162 
Michael J. Pike 
Florida Bar #617296 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00728283
--- PAGE 2 ---
E.W. v. Epstein 
Page 2 
E.W. v. Epstein 
Service List 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Brad Edwards and Associates, LLC 
2028 Harrison Street 
Suite 202 
Hollywood, FL 33020 
Phone 
Fax 
Counsel for Plaintiff' 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
Jay Howell & Associates, P.A. 
644 Cesery Boulevard 
Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Phone 
ax 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beac FL 33401-5012 
Fax: 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00728284

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728285.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL 
CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM BEACH 
COUNTY, FLORIDA 
L.M., 
CASE NO. 502008CA02-8051XXXXMB AD 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEO DEPOSITION 
To: 
See Service List below 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorney will take the deposition via video of: 
DEPONENT 
DATE & TIME 
LM 
do Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Wednesday 
September 9, 2009 
10:00 a.m. 
LOCATION OF DEPOSITION 
Burman Critton Luther & Coleman, 
LLC 
303 Banyan Boulevard 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
upon oral examination, before Prose Court Reporting Agency, Inc., a Notary Public, or any other officer 
authorized by law to take depositions in the State of Florida. The oral examination is being taken for the 
purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such other purposes as are permitted under the applicable 
Statutes of Rules of Court. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing has been furnished by electronic mail 
(e-mail) and U.S. Mail to the addresses listed on the below Service List this &lib day of August, 2009. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
303 Banyan Blvd., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
BY: 
ROBE 
D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar. No. 617296 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Courtesy copy: Prose Court Reporting Agency, Inc. 
EFTA00728285
--- PAGE 2 ---
LM. v. Epstein 
Page 2 
L.M. v. Epstein 
Service List 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
Jay Howell & Associates, P.A. 
644 Osqe.ry Boulevard 
Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Phone 
Fax 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach FL 33401-5012 
Fax: 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00728286

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728287.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728287.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOIINSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
AS TO JANE DOE #4 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorney will serve a Subpoena 
on and take the deposition of: 
DEPONENT 
DATE & TIME LOCATION OF DEPOSITION 
Preston Vinyard 
October 26, 2009 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman, 
902 96 Court 
at 10:00 AM 
LLC 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
303 Banyan Blvd., Suite #400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
upon oral examination, before Prose Court Reporting, a Notary Public, or any other 
officer authorized by law to take depositions in the State of Florida. 
The oral 
examination is being taken for the purpose of discovery, for 
at trial, or for such other 
purposes as are permitted under the applicable Statutes of R 
of Cr 
By: 
MIC 
a J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida
MIMI
#617296 
EFTA00728287
--- PAGE 2 ---
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing is being served this day 
on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List by electronic mail (e-
mail) on this 14th day of October, 2009 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
ROBERT D. CR1 
lorida Bar No. 24162 
ON, JR., ESQ. 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & 
COLEMAN 
303 Banyan Blvd., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Counsel for Defendant Jefrey Epstein) 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
In related Cases Nos. 0840069, 08-80119, 
0840232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 
0840994 
Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-522-3456 
Fax: 954-527-8663 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80893 
Paul G. rsssell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
EFTA00728288
--- PAGE 3 ---
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
229010`h Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
561-582-7600 
Fax: 561-588-8819 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80811 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
561-686-6300 
Fax: 561-383-9424 
Counsel for Plaintiff C.M.A. 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-202-6360 
Fax: 561-828-0983 
Counsel for Defendant 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datum Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561-832-7137 F 
Counsel for Plainti in Related Case No. 
08-80469 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
305 358-2800 
Fax: 305 358-2382 
Counsel for Plaintiffs in Related Cases 
Nos. 09-80591 and 09-80656 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
iounnal,at 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00728289

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728290.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051)OOO(MB AD 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
NOTICE OF TAKING DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the attorney for Plaintiff in the above-styled cause 
will take the deposition of Robert Roxburgh on October 13, 2009 at 4:00 p.m. for the 
purposes of discovery at the following location: 
Esquire Court Reporters 
515 N Flagler Dr 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Said deposition will be taken before ESQUIRE COURT REPORTERS, a Notary 
Public or any officer authorized to administer oaths by the laws of the State of Florida, 
and a person who is neither a relative, nor employee, nor attorney, nor counsel of any of 
the parties and who is neither a relative nor employee of such attorney or counsel, and 
who is not financially interested in the action. 
Said deposition will be taken pursuant to Florida Rules of Civil Procedure in such 
cases provided. Said oral examination will continue from hour to hour and from day to 
day until completed. 
EFTA00728290
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 
502008CA028051X)OO(MB AD 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and Emailtransmission, this 1
 day of September, 2009 to: Michael Burman, 
Esq., & Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Critton, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 
400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery 
Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
copies to: Esquire Court Reporters 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale Florida 33394 
Telephone 
Telecopier 
/By: 
511( 
Bradle 
. Edwards 
Florida Bar No. 542075 cf.) 
sn) cce e
p illian
nii
term 
friar% 
Florida Bar No. 197701 
EFTA00728291

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728292.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
NOTICE OF TAKING CONTINUED VIDEO DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that plaintiff, Jane Doe, will take the video deposition by 
oral examination, of the persons named below, at the time, on the date, at the hour of 
the place indicated: 
NAME 
DATE AND 
TIME 
PLACE OF TAKING DEPOSITON 
Jeffrey Epstein 
do Robert D. Critton 
Burman, Craton, et al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
April 14, 2010 
@ 10:00 AM 
US Legal Support 
444 West Railroad Ave. 
Suite 300 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
EFTA00728292
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119-MARRAIJOHNSON 
upon oral examination before US Legal Support, Notary Public, or any other notary 
public or officer authorized by law to take depositions in the State of Florida. The oral 
examination will continue from day to day until completed. The depositions are being 
taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such other purposes as are 
permitted under the Rules of Court. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing was served by e-mail on March 
23, 2010 to: See attached service list. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderd 
33)307-
By: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00728293
--- PAGE 3 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court - Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldber er Esq. 
Robert D. Critton Esq. 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell 
Richard Horace Willits 
Robert C. Josefsber 
Adam D. Horowitz 
Stuart S. Mermelstein 
EFTA00728294

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728295.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
NOTICE OF TAKING DEPOSITION VIDEO DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that plaintiff, Jane Doe, will take the video deposition of: 
NAME 
DATE AND 
TIME 
PLACE OF TAKING DEPOSITON 
Story Cowles 
South Olive Avenue 
#201S 
West Palm Beach, FL 
May 12, 2010 
@ 10:00 AM 
US Legal Support 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
Suite 300 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
upon oral examination before US Legal Support, Notary Public, or any other notary 
public or officer authorized by law to take depositions in the State of Florida. The oral 
examination will continue from day to day until completed. The depositions are being 
taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such other purposes as are 
permitted under the Rules of Court. 
EFTA00728295
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119-MARRAIJOHNSON 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing was served by e-mail on April 15, 
2010 to: See attached service list. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave.. Suite 2 
F 
L 
d rdale, FL 33301 
ax 
By: 
BRADLEY.. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00728296
--- PAGE 3 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119-MARRALIOHNSON 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court - Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldber er, Esq. 
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell 
Richard Horace Willits 
Robert C. Josefsber 
Adam D. Horowitz 
Stuart S. Mermelstein 
EFTA00728297
--- PAGE 4 ---
AO SYli I Rry ;ram 
IANtice INK-tertni‘, It format ton or Objects or to IMInspodionot Penises in a ovii .kct,nn 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of Florida 
JANE DOE 
miming 
Civil Action No. 
08-80893CIV-MARRAJJOHNSO 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant 
(lithe adios Is pcntling in another district, stoic 
here: 
) 
SUBPOENA TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS, INFORMATION, OR OBJECTS 
OR TO PERMIT INSPECTION OF PREMISES IN A CIVIL ACTION 
'ro: Story Cowles, 801 South Okve Avenue, #201S. West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
O Production: YOU ARE COMMANDED to produce at the time, date, and place set forth below the following 
documents, electronically stored information, or objects, and permit their inspection, copying, testing, or sampling of the 
material: 
Place: US Legal Support 
444 West Railroad Avenue, Suite 300 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Date and Time: 
05/12/201010:00 am 
O Inspection of Premises: YOU ARE COMMANDED to permit entry onto the designated premises, land, or 
other property possessed or controlled by you at the time, date, and location set forth below, so that the requesting party 
may inspect, measure, survey, photograph, test, or sample the property or any designated object or operation on it. 
Place: 
Date and Time: 
The provisions of Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(c), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena, and Rule 
(d) and (e), relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so, arc 
attached. 
Date:  
04/15/2010
CLERK OF COURT 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Ckrk 
OR 
Attorney's signature 
The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing (name of party) 
JANE DOE 
 , who issues or requests this subpoena, are: 
INN
elssing, et al., 425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2. Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
EFTA00728298
--- PAGE 5 ---
AO RIM (Rev. 04•'09) Subpoena to Prork.me Documents. Inforrnalton. or Objects or to Permit illArlt1107 of Prer11{r ,n a civil Actir 
rage ') 
as 
Ci' it Action No. 08-80893CIV-MARRNJ0HNS0 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not bellied wish the court unless required by Fed. R. ay. P. 41) 
This subpoena for (name of individual and title. if any) 
was received by me on (dare) 
O I served the subpoena by delivering a copy to the named person as follows: 
El I returned the subpoena unexecuted because: 
on (date) 
; or 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
My fees are S 
Date: 
for travel and S 
for services, for a total of S 
0.00 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
Server's signature 
Printed name and title 
Server's address 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
EFTA00728299
--- PAGE 6 ---
AO !Olt] 
n(d04: Sub; 
a to Producc Docurotntr. Informatior. nr Olajeor or 10 Perot, Ifinatlion of Premises in a ('.ail won:Pair 1, 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 45 (c), (d), and (e) (Effective 12/1/07) 
(c) Protecting a Person Subject to a Subpoena. 
(1) Avoiding Undue Burden or Expense; Sanctions A party or 
attorney responsible for issuing and saving a subpoena must lake 
reasonable steps to avoid imposing undue burden or expense on a 
person subject to the subpoena- The issuing court must enforce this 
duty and impose an appropriate sanction — which may include lost 
earnings and reasonable attorney's fees — on a party or attorney 
who fails to comply. 
(2) Command to Produce Materials or Permit Inspection. 
(A) Appearance Not Required. A person commanded to produce 
documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things, or 
to = 
the inspection of premises, need not appear in person at the 
place of production or inspection unless also commanded to appear 
for a deposition, hearing, or trial. 
(B) Objections. A 
n commanded to produce documents or 
tangible things or to = 
inspection may serve on the party or 
attorney designated in the subpoena a written objection to 
inspecting, copying, testing or sampling any or all of the materials or 
to inspecting the premises — or to producing electronically stored 
information in the form or forms requested. The objection must be 
served before the earlier of the time specified for compliance or 14 
days after the subpoena is served. If an objection is made, the 
following rules apply: 
(I) At any time, on notice to the commanded person, the serving 
party may move the issuing court for an order compelling production 
or inspection. 
(11) These acts may be required only as directed in the order, and 
the order must protect a person who is neither a party nor a party's 
officer from significant expense resulting from compliance. 
(3) Quashing or Modifying a Subpoena. 
(A) When Required. On timely motion, the issuing court must 
quash or modify a subpoena that: 
(i) fails to allow a reasonable time to comply; 
(II) requires a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer 
to
travel more than 100 miles from where thate
n resides, is 
employed, or regularly transacts business in 
— except that, 
subject to Rule 45(cX3)(BXiii), the person 
ommanded to 
attend a trial by traveling front any such place within the state where 
the trial is held; 
(iii) requires disclosure of privileged or other protected matter, if 
no exception or waiver 
plies; or 
(iv) subjects a 
to undue burden. 
(B) When Permit . To protect a person subject to or affected by 
a subpoena, the issuing court may, on motion, quash or modify the 
subpoena if it requires: 
(I) disclosing a trade secret or other confidential research, 
development, or commercial information; 
(II) disclosing an unretained expert's opinion or information that 
does not describe specific occurrences in dispute and results from 
m.
y
the expert's stud that was not requested by a party; or 
(III) a 
who is neither a party nor a party's officer to incur 
substant. expense to travel more than 100 miles to attend trial. 
(C) Specifying Conditions as an Alternative. In the circumstances 
described in Rule 45(eX3)(B), the court may, instead of quashing or 
modifying a subpoena, order appearance or production under 
specified conditions if the serving party: 
(I) shows a substantial need for the testimony or material that 
cannot be otherwise met without undue hardship; and 
(ii) ensures that the subpoenaed person will be reasonably 
compensated. 
(d) Dales In Responding to a Subpoena. 
(1) Fraiche: Documents or Electronically Stored Information. 
These procedures apply to producing documents or electronically 
stored information: 
(A) Documents. A person responding to a subpoena to produce 
documents must produce them as they are kept in the ordinary 
course of business or must organize and label than to correspond to 
the categories in the demand. 
(B) Form for Producing Electronically Stored Information Not 
Specillat If a subpoena does not specify a Conn for producing 
electronically stored information, the person responding must 
produce it in a form or forms in which it is ordinarily maintained or 
in a reasonably usable form or forms. 
IectroII 
Electronically Stored Information Produced in Only One 
The person responding need not produce the same 
e 
nically stored information in more than one form. 
(D) Inaccessible Electronically Stored Information. The person 
responding need not provide discovery of electronically stored 
information from sources that the person identifies as not reasonably 
accessible because of undue burden or cost. On motion to compel 
discovery or for a protective order, the person responding must show 
that the information is not reasonably accessible because of undue 
burden or cost. If that showing is made, the court may nonetheless 
order discovery from such sources if the requesting party shows 
good cause, considering the limitations of Rule 26(bX2XC). The 
court may specify conditions for the discovery. 
(2) Claiming Privilege or Protection. 
(A) Information Withheld A person withholding subpoenaed 
information under a claim that it is privileged or subject to 
protection as trial-preparation material must: 
(I) expressly make the claim; and 
(II) describe the nature of the withheld documents, 
communications, or tangible things in a manner that, without 
revealing information itself privileged or protected, will enable the 
parties to assess the claim. 
(B) Information Produced, If information produced in response to a 
subpoena is subject to a claim of privilege or of protection as trial-
preparation material, the person making the claim may notify any 
party that received the information of the claim and the basis for it. 
After being notified, a party must promptly return, sequester, or 
destroy the specified information and any copies it has; must not use 
or disclose the information until the claim is resolved; must take 
reasonable steps to retrieve the information if the party disclosed it 
before being notified; and may promptly present the information to 
the court under seal for a determination of' the claim. The person 
who produced the information must preserve the information until 
the claim is resolved. 
(e) Contempt. The issuing court may hold in contempt a person 
who, having been served, fails without adequate excuse to obey the 
subpoena. A nonparty's failure to obey must be excused if the 
subpoena purports to require the nonparty to attend or produce at a 
place outside the limits of Rule 45(c)(3XAXii). 
EFTA00728300

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728301.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728301.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092, 
NOTICE OF TAKING DEPOSITION DUCES TECUM 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 34, the undersigned will take 
the deposition of the following individual on the date, time and location listed below: 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Leslie Wexner 
Three Limited Parkway 
Columbus, OH 
Columbus, OH 43206 
Friday, 
April 23, 2010 
@ 10:00 a.m. 
Spectrum Reporting, LLC 
333 E. Stewart Avenue 
Columbus, OH 43206 
under oral examination before Veritext Corp., or any other officer authorized by law to take 
depositions in the State of New York. The oral examination will continue from day to day until 
completed. This deposition is being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for 
such other purposes as are permitted under the applicable rules of the court. The deponent is 
I 
EFTA00728301
--- PAGE 2 ---
further directed to bring with him or her to the deposition documents described in Schedule "A" 
to the attached subpoena. 
Dated: April  1  , 2010 
Respec 
Ily su 
itted, 
By: 
ar No. 947245) 
A 
76980) 
MISISS67885) 
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami 
33160 
Tel: 
Fax: 
EFTA00728302
--- PAGE 3 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
...t_
WE HERE Y CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing has been sent via email 
transmission, this 
day of April, 2010 to the following: 
Robert D. Critton, Jr, Esq. 
I 
Bradley James Edwards 
Isidro Manuel Garcia 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell
Richard Horace Willits 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
EFTA00728303

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728304.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
EFTA00728304
--- PAGE 2 ---
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80994-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80993-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80811 -MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al., 
Defendant. 
DOE H, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV- 80469-MARRA/JOHNSON 
EFTA00728305
--- PAGE 3 ---
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al., 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80591-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80656-MARRa 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
PLAINTIFFS' NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITIONS 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned will take the videotaped depositions of 
the following individuals on the date, time and location listed: 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
July 21, 2009 
At 10:00 a.m. 
Kress Court Reporting 
301 Yamato Road 
Suite 1240 
Boca Raton, FL 22431 
12247 72nd Court North 
Royal Palm Beach, FL 33431 
Juan Alessi 
1515 South Flagler Drive 
#1901 
West Palm Beach, FL 33407 
July 22, 2009 
At 10:00 a.m. 
Kress Court Reporting 
301 Yamato Road 
Suite 1240 
Boca Raton, FL 22431 
EFTA00728306
--- PAGE 4 ---
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
July 22, 2009 
At 1:00 p.m. 
Kress Court Reporting 
301 Yamato Road 
Suite 1240 
Boca Raton, FL 22431 
622 Holly Drive 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
Alfredo Rodriguez 
11349 SW 86th Lane 
Miami, FL 
July 23, 2009 
At 10:00 a.m. 
Kress Court Reporting 
1031 Ives Dairy Road 
Suite 228, Bldg. 4 
North Miami, FL 33179 
under oral examination before Kress Court Reporting, or any other officer authorized by law to 
take depositions in the State of Florida. The oral examination will continue from day to day until 
completed. This deposition is being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for 
such other purposes as are permitted under the applicable rules of the court. 
Dated: July 9, 2009 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
5/ Adam D. Horowitz 
Stuart S. Mermelstein (FL Bar No. 947245) 
Adam D. Horowitz (FL Bar No. 376980) 
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami, Florida 33160 
Tel: (305) 931-2200 
Fax: (305) 931-0877 
EFTA00728307
--- PAGE 5 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing has been sent to the following 
addressees in the manner specified, this 
day of July, 2009: 
via regular mail and fax to: 
Robert D. Critton, Jr, Esq. Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
(561) 488.6929Fax 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Via email to: 
Bradley -J
dwards 
Isidro Manuel Garcia 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell 
Richard Horace Willits 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
si Adam D. Horowitz 
EFTA00728308

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728309.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
E.W., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028058)OOO(MB AB 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
(MOTION CALENDAR ) 
To: All Counsel of Record 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that the undersigned has called up for hearing the 
following: Plaintiffs Request for Entry Upon Land 
DATE: 
Thursday August 20, 2009 
TIME: 
8:45 ■. 
JUDGE: 
The Honorable Donald W. Hafele 
PLACE: 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
Room 11B 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
205 North Dixie Hwy. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and facsimile this fOA`clay of August, 2009 to: Michael Burman, Esq., & 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Critton, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery 
EFTA00728309
--- PAGE 2 ---
Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
Copies Furnished to: 
Judicial Assistant to Judge Hafele with motion(s) 
Esquire Court Reporting 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauder 
394 
Telephone 
Telecopier 
By: 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Florida Bar No. 542075 
William J. Berger 
Florida Bar No. 197701 
EFTA00728310

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728311.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
E.W., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028058XXXXMB AB 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
(MOTION CALENDAR ) 
To: All Counsel of Record 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that the undersigned has called up for hearing the 
following: Plaintiffs Motion for Stay 
DATE: 
Thursday August 20, 2009 
TIME: 
8:45 A.M. 
JUDGE: 
The Honorable Donald W. Hafele 
PLACE: 
Palm Beach County Courthouse, Room 11B 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and Facsimile this aElay of August, 2009 to: Michael Burman, Esq., & 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Critton, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery 
Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
EFTA00728311
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 
502008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
Copies Furnished to: 
Judicial Assistant to Judge Hafele with motion(s) 
Esquire Court Reporting 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale. Florida 
394 
Telephone 
Telecopier 
By: 
Bradley J. Edwards 
ri 
William J. Berger 
EFTA00728312

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728313.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
(MOTION CALENDAR ) 
To: All Counsel of Record 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that the undersigned has called up for hearing the 
following: Plaintiffs Motion for Stay 
DATE: 
Thursday August 20, 2009 
TIME: 
8:45 A.M. 
JUDGE: 
The Honorable Donald W. Hafele 
PLACE: 
Palm Beach County Courthouse, Room 11B 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and Facsimile this 'May  of August, 2009 to: Michael Burman, Esq., & 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Bumian, Griffon, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery 
Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
EFTA00728313
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 
502008CA02805OOOO(MB AD 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 3 394 
Telephone 
Telecopier 
By: 
Copies Furnished to: 
Judicial Assistant to Judge Hafele with motion(s) 
Esquire Court Reporting 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Florida Bar No. 42 75 
William J. Berger 
EFTA00728314

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728315.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728315.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
and L.M., individually, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
(MOTION CALENDAR) 
To: All Counsel of Record 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that the undersigned has called up for hearing the 
following: MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
DATE: 
Monday, April 19, 2010 
TIME: 
8:45 A.M. 
JUDGE: 
The Honorable David F. Crow 
PLACE: 
Palm Beach County Courthouse, Room 9C 
EFTA00728315
--- PAGE 2 ---
Notice of Hearing 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been 
furnished via U.S. Mail and email to all counsel on the attached list on April ill 
 , 2010. 
Gary M. Farmer, Jr. 
Fanner, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, 
301 
Attorney 
nt L.M. 
By: 
Gary 
Farmer, Jr. 
Florida Bar No.: 914444 
EFTA00728316
--- PAGE 3 ---
Notice of Hearing 
COUNSEL LIST 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esquire 
Michael J. Pike, Esquire 
Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm 
FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys or e endant, Bradley Edwards 
Marc Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Counsel for Scott -Rothstein 
Copies Furnished to: 
Judicial Assistant to Judge Crow with motion(s) 
EFTA00728317
--- PAGE 4 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
and L.M., individually, 
Defendant. 
MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
L.M., pursuant to Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.280(c), hereby files this 
Motion for Protective Order to prevent the depositions of any private investigators who 
are working on or have worked on the case of L.M. v. Epstein and as grounds therefore 
would state: 
1. 
In June of 2008, Jeffrey Epstein plead guilty to two felony cases related to his 
sexual abuse of minors, and he was incarcerated and forever labeled a sex 
offender; he remains on community control for these offenses as of the date of 
this motion. 
2. 
L.M. was one of his many (thought to be in the hundreds) of underage victims. 
EFTA00728318
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case No.: 502009CA040800>00C<MBAG 
Motion for Protective Order 
3. 
On September 11, 2008, L.M. filed a civil complaint against Jeffrey Epstein for 
Mr. Epstein having molested L.M. on many occasions when she was a minor 
child. 
4. 
The case was originally filed by Brad Edwards while at the law firm of Brad 
Edwards and associates. 
5. 
In or about April of 2009, Brad Edwards went to work for Rothstein Rosenfeldt 
Adler (RRA), and his cases, including the case of L.M. v. Jeffrey Epstein, 
became cases of the RRA law firm. 
6. 
The case of L.M. versus Jeffrey Epstein was litigated through RRA from April 
2009 until the firm's dissolution in October of 2009. 
7. 
The law firm of RRA, like most if not all law firms, hired private investigators to 
perform investigative work in anticipation and furtherance of litigation. 
8. 
Several private investigators, including Michael Fisten and Richard Fandry, 
were hired by RRA to perform investigative work on the L.M. case, in 
anticipation and furtherance of litigation. 
9. 
As has been well publicized, RRA suddenly disbanded in October/November 
2009 when it was discovered that the firm's President, Scott Rothstein, stole 
firm money, which forced the firm into bankruptcy and it was ultimately 
uncovered that Mr. Rothstein ran a ponzi scheme our of the RRA law firm and 
consequently pled guilty to various federal crimes. 
EFTA00728319
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion for Protective Order 
10. 
L.M. is one of many females that was molested by Mr. Epstein as a minor, and 
as such the 20-plus lawsuits related to Mr. Epstein being a serial child 
molester have also received extensive publicity. 
11. 
It should be noted that Mr. Epstein has not denied any of the claims alleged by 
these children against him, including those by L.M., and has instead relied on 
his Invocation of the Sth amendment as his sole defense in all of the filed civil 
cases. 
12. 
On December 7, 2009, Jeffrey Epstein, in an attempt to exploit the demise of 
RRA, filed this frivolous lawsuit against Scott Rothstein, Brad Edwards, and 
L.M., alleging basically that the three defendants conspired to sell settlements 
of cases against Jeffrey Epstein to third party investors. 
13. 
Jeffrey Epstein filed this lawsuit, despite knowing that he could not 
substantiate the claims and in fact taking the 5th in his deposition in this case 
where he is a Plaintiff on all issues relevant to his claims. 
14. 
The claims are completely unfounded, and there is an outstanding 57.105 
letter to Mr. Epstein's attorney that was sent on behalf of Brad Edwards and 
L.M.; those Motions will be before this court after the expiration of the 21 day 
notice period. 
15. 
On March 23, 2010, Mr. Epstein took a day long deposition of attorney Brad 
Edwards (who is himself represented by Jack Scarola of Searcy Denney 
Scarola Barnhart and Shipley), and the questions were meant to invade 
EFTA00728320
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case No.: 502009CA040800)O0O(MBAG 
Motion for Protective Order 
attorney-client and work-product privilege relation to the investigation of the 
cases against Jeffrey Epstein. 
16. 
Jeffrey Epstein has now noticed the depositions of Michael Fisten and Richard 
Fandry, both private investigators that were hired to perform investigative work 
on behalf of L.M. in pursuit of her cases against Jeffrey Epstein. Both 
depositions have been noticed unilaterally by Epstein for April 19, 2010. 
17. 
Neither of these investigators are witnesses on any witness list nor is there 
any intent by L.M. to call either investigator as a witness. 
18. 
This Motion has been filed at the undersigned's first opportunity and noticed 
for hearing in accordance with the Court's local rules. 
Memorandum in Support of Motion 
Information relating to a matter which is the subject of litigation, which is 
received by a party's attorneys from investigators and adjusters in anticipation of or 
connected with litigation, is protected by the work product privilege. 501 Nevin v. Palm 
Beach County School Board, 958 So.2d 1003 (Fla. l it DCA 2007), citing Seaboard Air 
Line R. Co. v. Timmons, 61 So.2d 426 (Fla. 1952); Federal Express Corp. v. Cantawav, 
778 So.2d 1052 (Fla. 4th DCA 2001). Florida cases are clear that it is improper and 
impermissible to allow the taking of the deposition of an opposing party's investigator, 
so long as the investigator has not been listed as witnesses, as such a deposition would 
necessarily invade the work-product privilege and irreparably prejudice the case. See 
EFTA00728321
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion for Protective Order 
Huet v. Tromp, 912 So.2d 336 (Fla. 5th DCA 2005): see also 5500 North Corporation v. 
Willis, 729 So. 2d 508 (Fla. 5th DCA 1999). 
In this case, any questions by Jeffrey Epstein would only seek information 
related to the investigations of the civil actions against Mr. Epstein, and would thus 
clearly invade the work-product privilege. As such, this court must grant this Protective 
Order to prevent the depositions of these investigators from being taken. 
WHEREFORE, L.M. requests this Court to enter a protective order as set forth 
above. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been 
furnished via U.S. Mail and email to all counsel on the attached list on April 
Gary M. Farmer, Jr. 
Farmer, Jaffe, WeissIn°, 
Edwards, Flstos & Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderd 
33301 
Attorn-ys 
9klant L.M. 
cins44_ 
arr. 
Gary M. Farmer, Jr. 
Florida Bar No.: 914444 
, 2010. 
By: 
EFTA00728322

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728323.pdf
----------------------------------------
NOTICE OF EXERCISE OF OPTION TO EXTEND TERM OF LEASE 
TO: 
AMERICAN YACHT HARBOR 
6100 Red Hook Quarters, #2 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
cc: 
Island Global Yachting 
515 E. Las Olas Boulevard 
Ft. Lauderdale FL 33301 
DATE: December 
, 2009 
Re: 
Extension of Lease of Premises Known as Suite A2-7 
American Yacht Harbor 
Gentlemen: 
Pursuant to Section 1.3 of that certain Lease dated July 30, 2009 (the "Lease") 
by and between IGY-AYH St. Thomas Holdings LLC, as Landlord, and Lafayette, LLC, 
as Tenant (the "Tenant"), relating to the premises at American Yacht Harbor known 
as Suite A2-7 (the "Leased Premises), the Tenant hereby gives notice that the Tenant 
elects to exercise its first option to extend the term of the Lease for an additional 
term of six months commencing on February 1, 2010 and ending on July 31, 2010. 
Please confirm receipt of this Notice and the extension of the term of the 
Lease by signing the enclosed duplicate copy of this Notice and returning the same 
to the undersigned. If you have any questions, please contact the undersigned. 
Thank you. 
Jeanne Brennan 
Manager 
CONFIRMED: 
Name: 
Title: 
EFTA00728323

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728324.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728324.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA0280500001.MB AD 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
NOTICE OF PRODUCTION FROM NON-PARTY 
Pursuant to Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 1.351 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that after ten (10) days from the date of service 
of this notice, if service is by facsimile, or 15 days from the date of service, if service is 
by mail, and if no objection is received from any party, the undersigned will issue the 
attached subpoena directed to the following entites: 
1. MRC - Stephen Alexander, M.D. 
Who is/are not a party/parties to this suite, to produce the items listed at the time and 
place specified on the subpoena. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and Facsimile this 1May of August, 2009 to: Michael Burman, Esq., & 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Critton, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery 
Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
EFTA00728324
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 
502008CA028051)000KMB AD 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale. Florida 33394 
Telephone 
Telecopier 
By: 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Florida Bar No. 542075 
William J. Berger 
EFTA00728325

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728326.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
NOTICE OF PRODUCTION FROM NON-PARTY 
Pursuant to Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 1.351 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that after ten (10) days from the date of service 
of this notice, if service is by facsimile, or 15 days from the date of service, if service is 
by mail, and if no objection is received from any party, the undersigned will issue the 
attached subpoena directed to the following entites: 
1. Financial Records Custodian — Colonial Bank 
Who is/are not a party/parties to this suite, to produce the items listed at the time and 
place specified on the subpoena. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and Facsimile this I2 —day of August, 2009 to: Michael Burman, Esq., & 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Griffon, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery 
Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
EFTA00728326
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 
502008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale Florida 33394 
Telephone 
Telecopier 
By: 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Fl rida Bar No. 542075 
lam . erger 
Copies Furnished to: 
EFTA00728327
--- PAGE 3 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051)OOO:MB AD 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant 
) 
) 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
WITHOUT DEPOSITION 
(Documents may be mailed in lieu of appearance) 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA TO: 
Financial Records Custodian 
Colonial Bank 
125 Worth Avenue 
Suite 100 
Palm Beach, Florida 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at the law offices of ROTHSTEIN 
ROSENFELDT ADLER, 401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 
33301 on or before the September 28, 2009, at 10:00 a.m., and to have with you at 
that time and place the following: 
A complete copy of all bank statements, records, applications for 
loans, mortgages of any kind whatsoever including correspondence 
to, from or regarding, for each and every account, including savings, 
trust, and/or any other account whatsoever in the name of or related 
to: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
358 El Brillo Way 
West Palm Beach, FL 33480. 
EFTA00728328
--- PAGE 4 ---
Date of Birth: 1/20/53 
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that this subpoena requires production of 
your complete, entire file contents. You are to produce each and every piece of paper 
contained in your files regarding the above individual, whether or not prepare by you. 
This further includes telephone messages, letters from attorneys, letters from the above 
individual, or from any other source. You are not permitted to edit or delete items. 
Failure to comply fully may result in court sanctions. 
These items may be inspected and may be copied at that time. You will not be 
required to surrender the original items. You may comply with this subpoena by 
providing legible copies of the items to be produces to the attorney whose name 
appears on this subpoena on or before the scheduled date of production. You may 
condition the preparation of copies upon the payment in advance of the reasonable cost 
of preparation. You may mail or deliver the copies to the attorney whose name appears 
on this subpoena and thereby eliminate your appearance at the time and place 
specified above. 
You have the right to object to the production pursuant to this 
subpoena at any time before production by giving written notice to the undersigned 
attorney whose name appears on this subpoena. THIS WILL NOT BE A DEPOSITION. 
NO TESTIMONY WILL BE TAKEN. 
If you fail to: 
1. Appear as specified; or 
2. furnish the records instead of appearing as provided above; or 
3. object to this subpoena, 
you may be in contempt of court. 
You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorney, and unless excused form this 
subpoena by this attorney or the Court, you shall respond to this subpoena as directed. 
Dated: August. j 2-- , 2009. 
EFTA00728329
--- PAGE 5 ---
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort 
•=r.-le Fl rida 33301 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Email: 
By.
BRAD EDWARDS, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00728330

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728331.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
NOTICE OF PRODUCTION FROM NON-PARTY 
Pursuant to Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 1.351 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that after ten (10) days from the date of service 
of this notice, if service is by facsimile, or 15 days from the date of service, if service is 
by mail, and if no objection is received from any party, the undersigned will issue the 
attached subpoena directed to the following entites: 
1. Financial Records Custodian — Colonial Bank 
Who is/are not a party/parties to this suite, to produce the items listed at the time and 
place specified on the subpoena. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and Facsimile this I2 —day of August, 2009 to: Michael Burman, Esq., & 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Griffon, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery 
Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
EFTA00728331
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 
502008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale Florida 33394 
Telephone 
Telecopier 
By: 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Bar 
William J. Berger 
Florida Ba 
. 197701 
Copies Furnished to: 
EFTA00728332
--- PAGE 3 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051)OOO:MB AD 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant 
) 
) 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
WITHOUT DEPOSITION 
(Documents may be mailed in lieu of appearance) 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA TO: 
Financial Records Custodian 
Colonial Bank 
125 Worth Avenue 
Suite 100 
Palm Beach, Florida 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at the law offices of ROTHSTEIN 
ROSENFELDT ADLER, 401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 
33301 on or before the September 28, 2009, at 10:00 a.m., and to have with you at 
that time and place the following: 
A complete copy of all bank statements, records, applications for 
loans, mortgages of any kind whatsoever including correspondence 
to, from or regarding, for each and every account, including savings, 
trust, and/or any other account whatsoever in the name of or related 
to: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
358 El Brillo Way 
West Palm Beach, FL 33480. 
EFTA00728333
--- PAGE 4 ---
Date of Birth: 1/20/53 
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that this subpoena requires production of 
your complete, entire file contents. You are to produce each and every piece of paper 
contained in your files regarding the above individual, whether or not prepare by you. 
This further includes telephone messages, letters from attorneys, letters from the above 
individual, or from any other source. You are not permitted to edit or delete items. 
Failure to comply fully may result in court sanctions. 
These items may be inspected and may be copied at that time. You will not be 
required to surrender the original items. You may comply with this subpoena by 
providing legible copies of the items to be produces to the attorney whose name 
appears on this subpoena on or before the scheduled date of production. You may 
condition the preparation of copies upon the payment in advance of the reasonable cost 
of preparation. You may mail or deliver the copies to the attorney whose name appears 
on this subpoena and thereby eliminate your appearance at the time and place 
specified above. 
You have the right to object to the production pursuant to this 
subpoena at any time before production by giving written notice to the undersigned 
attorney whose name appears on this subpoena. THIS WILL NOT BE A DEPOSITION. 
NO TESTIMONY WILL BE TAKEN. 
If you fail to: 
1. Appear as specified; or 
2. furnish the records instead of appearing as provided above; or 
3. object to this subpoena, 
you may be in contempt of court. 
You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorney, and unless excused form this 
subpoena by this attorney or the Court, you shall respond to this subpoena as directed. 
Dated: August. j 2-- , 2009. 
EFTA00728334
--- PAGE 5 ---
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort - • zr. e Fl rida 33301 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Email: 
By.
BRAD EDWARDS, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00728335

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728336.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728336.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051)(XXXMB AD 
) 
vs. 
) ) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
NOTICE OF PRODUCTION FROM NON-PARTY 
Pursuant to Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 1.351 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that after ten (10) days from the date of service 
of this notice, if service is by facsimile, or 15 days from the date of service, if service is 
by mail, and if no objection is received from any party, the undersigned will issue the 
attached subpoena directed to the following entites: 
1. MRC — Greens Pharmacy 
Who is/are not a party/parties to this suite, to produce the items listed at the time and 
place specified on the subpoena. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and Facsimile this 
day of August, 2009 to: Michael Burman, Esq., & 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Critton, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery 
Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
EFTA00728336
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 
502008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale. Florida 
394 
Telephone 
Telecopier 
By: 
r.nnias Furnished to: 
Esquire Court Reporting 
Bradley J. Edwards 
1111.12075 
William J. Berger 
rN .197701
EFTA00728337
--- PAGE 3 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
WITHOUT DEPOSITION 
(Documents may be mailed in lieu of appearance) 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA TO: 
Medical Records Custodian 
GREENS PHARMACY 
151 North Country Road 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at the law offices of ROTHSTEIN 
ROSENFELDT ADLER, 401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 
33301 on or before the September 28, 2009, at 10:00 a.m., and to have with you at 
that time and place the following: 
A complete computer printout of any and all prescriptions for 
medication, name and type of prescription, and all other 
documentation or information on or regarding: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Date of Birth: 1/20/53 
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that this subpoena requires production of 
your complete, entire file contents. You are to produce each and every piece of paper 
contained in your files regarding the above individual, whether or not prepare by you. 
EFTA00728338
--- PAGE 4 ---
This further includes telephone messages, letters from attorneys, letters from the above 
individual, or from any other source. You are not permitted to edit or delete items. 
Failure to comply fully may result in court sanctions. 
These items may be inspected and may be copied at that time. You will not be 
required to surrender the original items. You may comply with this subpoena by 
providing legible copies of the items to be produces to the attorney whose name 
appears on this subpoena on or before the scheduled date of production. You may 
condition the preparation of copies upon the payment in advance of the reasonable cost 
of preparation. You may mail or deliver the copies to the attorney whose name appears 
on this subpoena and thereby eliminate your appearance at the time and place 
specified above. 
You have the right to object to the production pursuant to this 
subpoena at any time before production by giving written notice to the undersigned 
attorney whose name appears on this subpoena. THIS WILL NOT BE A DEPOSITION. 
NO TESTIMONY WILL BE TAKEN. 
If you fail to: 
1. Appear as specified; or 
2. furnish the records instead of appearing as provided above; or 
3. object to this subpoena, 
you may be in contempt of court. 
You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorney, and unless excused form this 
subpoena by this attorney or the Court, you shall respond to this subpoena as directed. 
Dated: August  0- , 2009. 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale. Florida 33301 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Email: 
By: 
EFTA00728339
--- PAGE 5 ---
BRAD EDWARDS, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00728340

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728341.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
) 
vs. 
) ) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
NOTICE OF PRODUCTION FROM NON-PARTY 
Pursuant to Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 1.351 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that after ten (10) days from the date of service 
of this notice, if service is by facsimile, or 15 days from the date of service, if service is 
by mail, and if no objection is received from any party, the undersigned will issue the 
attached subpoena directed to the following entites: 
1. Financial Records Custodian — Palm Beach National Bank 
Who is/are not a party/parties to this suite, to produce the items listed at the time and 
place specified on the subpoena. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and Facsimile this >day of August, 2009 to: Michael Burman, Esq., & 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Critton, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery 
Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
EFTA00728341
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 
502008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
Copies Furnished to: 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale Florida 33394 
Telephone 
Telecopier 
By: 
• 
Bradley J. Edwards 
-
William J. Berger 
EFTA00728342
--- PAGE 3 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051)O=MB AD 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
WITHOUT DEPOSITION 
(Documents may be mailed in lieu of appearance) 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA TO: 
Financial Records Custodian 
Palm Beach National Bank 
125 Worth Avenue 
Palm Beach, Florida 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at the law offices of ROTHSTEIN 
ROSENFELDT ADLER, 401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 
33301 on or before the September 28, 2009, at 10:30 a.m., and to have with you at 
that time and place the following: 
A complete copy of all bank statements, records, applications for 
loans, mortgages of any kind whatsoever including correspondence 
to, from or regarding, for each and every account, including savings, 
trust, and/or any other account whatsoever in the name of or related 
to: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
358 El Brillo Way 
West Palm Beach, FL 33480. 
Date of Birth: 1/20/53 
EFTA00728343
--- PAGE 4 ---
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that this subpoena requires production of 
your complete, entire file contents. You are to produce each and every piece of paper 
contained in your files regarding the above individual, whether or not prepare by you. 
This further includes telephone messages, letters from attorneys, letters from the above 
individual, or from any other source. You are not permitted to edit or delete items. 
Failure to comply fully may result in court sanctions. 
These items may be inspected and may be copied at that time. You will not be 
required to surrender the original items. You may comply with this subpoena by 
providing legible copies of the items to be produces to the attorney whose name 
appears on this subpoena on or before the scheduled date of production. You may 
condition the preparation of copies upon the payment in advance of the reasonable cost 
of preparation. You may mail or deliver the copies to the attorney whose name appears 
on this subpoena and thereby eliminate your appearance at the time and place 
specified above. 
You have the right to object to the production pursuant to this 
subpoena at any time before production by giving written notice to the undersigned 
attorney whose name appears on this subpoena. THIS WILL NOT BE A DEPOSITION. 
NO TESTIMONY WILL BE TAKEN. 
If you fail to: 
1. Appear as specified; or 
2. furnish the records instead of appearing as provided above; or 
3. object to this subpoena, 
you may be in contempt of court. 
You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorney, and unless excused form this 
subpoena by this attorney or the Court, you shall respond to this subpoena as directed. 
Dated: August  1
 2009. 
EFTA00728344
--- PAGE 5 ---
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort 
•erdale Florida 33301 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Email: 
By: 
BRAD EDWARDS, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00728345

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728346.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728346.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 09-34791-RBR Doc 816 Filed 07/19/10 Page 1 of 1 
Form COFCRD3A (9/19/08) 
United States Bankruptcy Court 
Southern District of Florida 
www.flsb.uscourts.gov 
Case Number: 09-34791-R8R 
Chapter: 11 
In re: 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, PA 
6600 NW 16 St #11 
Plantation, FL 33313 
EIN: 01-0587961 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a hearing will be held on August 4, 2010 at 09:30 AM, at the following 
location: 
U.S. Courthouse 
299 E Broward Blvd #308 
Ft Lauderdale FL 33301 
to consider the following: 
Motion to Compel Production of Documents from Trustee Pursuant to Document Production 
Protocol Established by DE #672 Filed by Interested Party Jeffrey Epstein 
THIS MATTER HAS BEEN SCHEDULED FOR A TEN MINUTE HEARING. IF YOU REQUIRE MORE 
TIME YOU MUST CONTACT THE COURTROOM DEPUTY IMMEDIATELY FOR A SPECIAL SETTING. 
This matter has DM been scheduled as an evidentiary hearing. If you require an evidentiary hearing, 
the currently scheduled hearing will be treated as a preliminary hearing. Contact the courtroom deputy, 
Fdy Gomel at (954)769-5765 to schedule a final evidentiary hearing. 
THE MOVANT, (OR MOVANTS COUNSEL if represented by an attorney) SHALL SERVE A COPY OF 
THIS NOTICE OF HEARING and, unless previously served, the above-described pleading on all required 
parties within the time frames required by the Bankruptcy Rules, Local Rules, or orders of the Court, and 
shall file a certificate of service as required under Local Rules 2002-1(F) and 9073-1(B). Any party who 
fails to properly serve any pleadings or other paper may be denied the opportunity to be heard thereon. All 
moving or objecting parties shall bring to the hearing proposed orders, sustaining their respective 
positions. 
PLEASE NOTE: Photo identification is required to gain entrance to all federal courthouse facilities. 
Electronic devices, including but not limited to cameras, cellular phones (including those with cameras), 
pagers, personal data assistants (PDA), laptop computers, radios, tape-recorders, etc., are not permitted 
In the courtroom, chambers or other environs of this court. These restrictions (except for cameras not 
integrated into a cell phone device) do not apply to attorneys with a valid Florida Bar identification card, 
attorneys who have been authorized to appear by pro hac vice order and witnesses subpoenaed to appear 
in a specific case. An attorney seeking entry to the Ft. Lauderdale courthouse facilities must also be 
admitted to practice in the Southern District of Florida or be authorized to appear by pro hac vice order. No 
one is permitted to bring a camera or other prohibited electronic device into a federal courthouse 
facility except with a written order signed by a judge and verified by the United States Marshal's 
Service. See Local Rule 5072-2. 
Dated: 711911Q
CLERK OF COURT 
By: Edv Gomez 
Courtroom Deputy 
EFTA00728346

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728347.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
•0 PARK PLAZA, SUITE MOO 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 02116 
NI 
• 
V: 
July 28, 2010 
Michelle Harrington 
New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services 
Tower Place 
Albany, NY 12203 
RE: Jeffrey E Epstein: New York State and SORNA registration notification 
Dear Ms. Harrington: 
Jeffrey Epstein, d/o/b January 20, 1953, when in New York, resides at 9 E 71M
Street, New York, New York )0021. In June of 2008 he plead guilty to two criminal 
charges brought by the State Attorney for Palm Beach County, one of which required him 
to register as a sex offender in the State of Florida. Accordingly, he is registered as a sex 
offender in the State of Florida. Because his primary residence is in the Virgin Islands, 
he has also registered as a sex offender in that jurisdiction. 
Mr. Epstein's State of Florida offenses were solicitation of prostitution, between 
August 1, 2004 and October 31, 2005 in violation of Florida Statute 796.07(IXIndictment 
06-9454CF) and Procuring a Person Under 18 for Prostitution in violation of Florida 
Statute 796.03 (Information No 08CF9381). Only the latter required, as a matter of 
Florida state law, sex offender registration. It was based on conduct occurring between 
August I, 2004 and October 9, 2005 with a person, A.D. who turned 18 on October 10, 
2005 (Le, the conduct as alleged occurred when A.D. was between 16 years 9+ months 
and 17 years 364 days old). 
Mr. Epstein entered his plea on June 30, 2008. His sentence, which consisted of 
a period of incarceration and a consecutive period of community control, concluded on 
July 21, 2010. Mr. Epstein, even before concluding his Florida sentence, filled out and 
presented the registration forms to Detective Rodriguez at the Sex Offender Monitoring 
Unit of the New York Police Department at 314 West 40th Street in New York City 
(SOMU) on May 20, 2010 because of his New York City home, his Florida conviction, 
and the standards for "residence" contained in the SORNA guidelines for sex offender 
registration. 
EFTA00728347
--- PAGE 2 ---
On July 19, 2010, prior to Mr. Epstein's concluding his sentence and prior to his 
leaving the State of Florida, my colleague, Kimberly Homan Esq, spoke briefly with you 
regarding Mr. Epstein, and ascertained that the State of New York has not yet adopted the 
Adam Walsh Act SORNA guidelines, including, specifically, the guideline imposing 
certain notification responsibilities on a registered offender when his travel, away from 
his primary residence exceeds 7 days. Upon arriving in New York for a short stay, Mr. 
Epstein, accompanied by attorney Darren K. Indyke, met with Sergeant Andrea Herzberg 
and P.O. Williams at SOMU on July 22, 2010 in the morning. Mr. Epstein was informed 
by Sergeant Herzberg during that meeting that Mr. Epstein was not, in her opinion, 
obligated to report to the New York SOMU each time he traveled for more than 7 days, 
as he already was reporting his travels to the registration office in the jurisdiction of his 
primary residence (i.e. the Virgin Islands), but was required to report any relocation of 
residence if that should occur. Mr. Epstein was also informed at that meeting that the 
Division of Criminal Justice Services in Albany had Mr. Epstein in its system, and that it 
had requested that his counsel advise the Division regarding how frequently Mr. Epstein 
intended to be at his New York City home more than ten days at a time. As a result, Mr. 
Epstein requested that I communicate in writing with you to determine whether his part-
time residence and intention to stay in New York for periods not to exceed 10 days at a 
time require registration under the state Sex Offender Registration Act. It is Mr. Epstein's 
intention to be in New York for no more that ten days at a time in the coming year (July 
27, 2010-July 26, 2011). If Mr. Epstein is determined by you to not meet the criteria for 
state registration under the present circumstances, Mr. Epstein would nevertheless 
maintain a detailed log of each day he was in New York and if on any occasion while in 
New York the days exceeded 16 he would immediately present himself for registration. 
Independent of the decision whether he qualifies for state registration, Mr. Epstein 
is cognizant of the separate obligations to register under SORNA. He would therefore 
request that the State of New York maintain his current registration so that he would be 
registered in New York (even if not required as a matter of state law) in such a manner 
that he would be in full compliance with his federal obligations. 
Finally, we would request that you confirm what Mr. Epstein understood to be 
Sergeant Herzberg's view that New York State does not currently require that he provide 
any notification for travel, including travel that exceeds 7 days. Mr. Epstein does 
understand that he is required to notify the State of New York, as instructed, of any 
change of internet account and of any change of name, employment, or residence 
(including notification if he remains at his part-time residence for more than 10 days on 
any single occasion). 
If New York does in fact require any form of 7-day travel 
notification, we would ask that it be by email. 
Yours truly, 
Martin G. Wbtnberg 
EFTA00728348

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728349.pdf
----------------------------------------
MC2 Model Management 
1042 Withholding Tax 
NEW YORK 
2008 (Through 
2009 (through 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
12/31/08) 
6/30/09) 
Total Tax 
Ginta Lapina Adjustment 
Israela 
Natalia Gaplovska 
Sandra Dermastia 
Adjusted Total 
Payments Made 
Balance due 
Returns Ready for Filing 
See Notes 
374.509 21 
350.916.09 
317.057.10 
358,154.86 
14,568.00 
374.509 21 
300.000 00 
350.916.09 
125.000.00 
225 916.09 
317.057.10 
372,722 86 
75,000.00 
509 21 
317 057.10 
297,722.86 
340,656.50 
234.954.27 
12,015.00 
8.252.00 
9.750.00 
370,673.50 
234,954.27 
343.000.00 
000.00 
27,673.50 
174,954.27 
Total 
1,976,248.03 
26,583.00 
8,252.00 
9,750.00 
2,020,833.03 
903,000.00 
1,117,833.03 
BAL PER GL 
#2015 (IRS VENDOR ACCOUNT) 
#2020 ALIEN TAX PAYABLE 
#2020-00001 ALIEN TAX PAYBLE 2006 
#2020-00002 ALIEN TAX PAYABLE 2007 
TOTAL PER GL 
222,744.38 
664,304.00 
118,147.47 
260,699.61 
1,265,895.46 
DIFFERENCE - NO ADJUSTMENT 
PROPOSED AT THIS TIME 
148,062.43 
EFTA00728349

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728350.pdf
----------------------------------------
MC2 MODEL MANAGEMENT GROUP 
NEW YORK 
SALARIES & PAYROLL TAXES 
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 
RENT 
UTILITIES 
OFFICE CLEANING. R& M 
MODEL EXPENSES - SEE DETAIL 
EQUIPMENT R&M 
DUES & SUBCRIPTIONS 
ADVERTISING & PROMO 
TELEPHONE 
PROFESSIONAL FEES 
EQUIPMENT LEASES (PRINTING EXP PART OF MCB) 
TRAVEL AND ENTERTAINMENT 
SCOUTING EXPENSES 
25% PROPOSED REDUCTION IN SCOUTING/TRAVEL 
INTERNET & MISC COMPUTER EXPENSES 
OFFICE SUPPLIES AND EXPENSE 
MESSENGER & OVERNIGHT MAIL 
INSURANCE 
STATIONARY 
STORAGE (clean out and move to office) 
INTEREST EXPENSE 
CORPORATE CAR & APARTMENT 
OUTSIDE SERVICES 
BANK CHARGES & PAYROLL CHARGES 
DEPRECIATION (NON CASH ITEM) 
MISCELLANEOUS 
BREAKEVEN 
JUNE 2009 
VARIANCE 
OVER 
PROJECTED 
ACTUAL 
(UNDER) 
286,000.00 
288,897.97 
2,897.97 
20,800.00 
22,769.64 
1,969.64 
68,400.00 
68,405.52 
5.52 
6,000.00 
4,268.05 
(1.731.95) 
- 
10,257.64 
10,257.64 
(79,250.00) 
(37.375.04) 
41,874.96 
12,000.00 
3,611.48 
(8.388.52) 
1,500.00 
561.48 
(938.52) 
3,000.00 
3,750.00 
750.00 
24,000.00 
27,269.44 
3,269.44 
12,000.00 
2,500.00 
(9.500.00) 
5,100.00 
8,470.42 
3,370.42 
51,000.00 
11,136.42 
(39,863.58) 
108,000.00 
44,900.17 
(63.099.83) 
(13,250.00) 
- 
13,250.00 
2,100.00 
2,352.07 
252.07 
30,000.00 
65,267.58 
35,267.58 
900.00 
1,656.57 
756.57 
3,600.00 
- 
(3.600.00) 
1,800.00 
- 
(1.800.00) 
2,000.00 
3,099.00 
1,099.00 
15,000.00 
13,649.41 
(1.350.59) 
30,000.00 
27,173.57 
(2,826.43) 
12,000.00 
5,807.65 
(6.192.35) 
3,600.00 
5,750.40 
2,150.40 
- 
- 
- 
6,000.00 
9,825.00 
3.825.00 
612,300.00 
594,004.44 
(18.295.56) 
ACTUAL 
PROJECTED 
JUN 
JUL 
AUG 
SEP 
OCT 
NOV 
DEC 
TOTAL 
288,898 
29,527 
32,736 
36,861 
27,045 
27,045 
27,045 
469,157 
22,770 
3,200 
3,422 
3,422 
3,422 
3,422 
3,422 
43,080 
68,406 
11,400 
11,400 
2,500 
2,500 
2,500 
2,500 
101,206 
4,268 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
10,268 
10,258 
1.500 
200 
200 
200 
200 
200 
12,758 
(37,375) 
(18,400) 
(18,400) 
(17,000) 
(17,000) 
(17,000) 
(17,000) 
(142,175) 
3,611 
1,485 
1,485 
1,485 
1,485 
1,485 
1,485 
12.521 
561 
250 
250 
250 
250 
250 
250 
2,061 
3,750 
500 
500 
500 
500 
500 
500 
6,750 
27,269 
4.000 
4,000 
2,200 
2.200 
2,200 
2,200 
44.069 
2,500 
2.500 
- 
2,500 
- 
2,500 
- 
10.000 
8,470 
1.485 
1.485 
1,485 
1.485 
1,485 
1,485 
17.380 
11,136 
8.500 
8,500 
8,500 
8.500 
8,500 
8,500 
62.136 
44,900 
18,000 
18,000 
18,000 
18,000 
18,000 
18,000 
152,900 
- 
(6.625) 
(6.625) 
(6,625) 
(6.625) 
(6.625) 
(6.625) 
(39.750) 
2,352 
350 
350 
350 
350 
350 
350 
4,452 
65,268 
5.000 
5.000 
5,000 
5.000 
5,000 
5.000 
95,268 
1,657 
150 
150 
150 
150 
150 
150 
2,557 
- 
600 
600 
600 
600 
600 
600 
3,600 
- 
300 
300 
300 
300 
300 
300 
1,800 
3,099 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3,099 
13,649 
2,500 
2,500 
2,500 
2,500 
2,500 
2,500 
28.649 
27,174 
5,000 
5,000 
5,000 
2,000 
2,000 
2,000 
48,174 
5,808 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
11,808 
5,750 
750 
750 
750 
750 
750 
750 
10,250 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
9,825 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
15,825 
594,004 
74,972 
74,603 
71,928 
56,612 
59,112 
56,612 
987,843 
299,890 
298,412 
287,710 
226,448 
236,448 
226,448 
3,951,373 
EFTA00728350

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728351.pdf
----------------------------------------
§168-n. Judicial determination 
1. A determination that an offender is a sexual predator, sexually violent offender, or predicate 
sex offender as defined in subdivision seven of section one hundred sixty-eight-a of this article 
shall be made prior to the discharge, parole, release to post-release supervision or release of such 
offender by the sentencing court applying the guidelines established in subdivision five of 
section one hundred sixty-eight-1 of this article after receiving a recommendation from the board 
pursuant to section one hundred sixty-eight-1 of this article. 
2. In addition, applying the guidelines established in subdivision five of section one hundred 
sixty-eight-I of this article, the sentencing court shall also make a determination with respect to 
the level of notification, after receiving a recommendation from the board pursuant to section 
one hundred sixty-eight-1 of this article. Both determinations of the sentencing court shall be 
made thirty calendar days prior to discharge, parole or release. 
3. No later than thirty days prior to the board's recommendation, the sex offender shall be 
notified that his or her case is under review and that he or she is permitted to submit to the board 
any information relevant to the review. Upon receipt of the board's recommendation, the 
sentencing court shall determine whether the sex offender was previously found to be eligible for 
assigned counsel in the underlying case. Where such a finding was previously made, the court 
shall assign counsel to represent the offender, pursuant to article eighteen-B of the county law. 
At least twenty days prior to the determination proceeding, the sentencing court shall notify the 
district attorney, the sex offender and the sex offender's counsel, in writing, of the date of the 
determination proceeding and shall also provide the district attorney, the sex offender and the sex 
offender's counsel with a copy of the recommendation received from the board and any statement 
of the reasons for the recommendation received from the board. This notice shall include the 
following statement or a substantially similar statement: "This proceeding is being held to 
determine whether you will be classified as a level 3 offender (risk of repeat offense is high), a 
level 2 offender (risk of repeat offense is moderate), or a level 1 offender (risk of repeat offense 
is low), or whether you will be designated as a sexual predator, a sexually violent offender or a 
predicate sex offender, which will determine how long you must register as a sex offender and 
how much information can be provided to the public concerning your registration. If you fail to 
appear at this proceeding, without sufficient excuse, it shall be held in your absence. Failure to 
appear may result in a longer period of registration or a higher level of community notification 
because you are not present to offer evidence or contest evidence offered by the district 
attorney." The written notice to the sex offender shall also advise the offender that he or she has 
a right to a hearing prior to the court's determination, and that he or she has the right to be 
represented by counsel at the hearing. If counsel has been assigned to represent the offender at 
the determination proceeding, the notice shall also provide the name, address and telephone 
number of the assigned counsel. Where counsel has not been assigned, the notice shall advise the 
sex offender that counsel will be appointed if he or she is financially unable to retain counsel, 
and a returnable form shall be enclosed in the court's notice to the sex offender on which the sex 
offender may apply for assignment of counsel. If the sex offender applies for assignment of 
counsel and the court finds that the offender is financially unable to retain counsel, the court 
shall assign counsel to represent the sex offender pursuant to article eighteen-B of the county 
law. If the district attorney seeks a determination that dzffers from the recommendation submitted 
by the board, at least ten days prior to the determination proceeding the district attorney shall 
provide to the court and the sex offender a statement setting forth the determinations sought by 
EFTA00728351
--- PAGE 2 ---
the district attorney together with the reasons for seeking such determinations. The court shall 
allow the sex offender to appear and be heard. The state shall appear by the district 
attorney, or his or her designee, who shall bear the burden of proving the facts supporting 
the determinations sought by clear and convincing evidence. Where there is a dispute 
between the parties concerning the determinations, the court shall adjourn the hearing as 
necessary to permit the sex offender or the district attorney to obtain materials relevant to 
the determinations from the state board of examiners of sex offenders or any state or local 
facility, hospital, institution, office, agency, department or division. Such materials may be 
obtained by subpoena if not voluntarily provided to the requesting party. In making the 
determinations the court shall review any victim's statement and any relevant materials 
and evidence submitted by the sex offender and the district attorney and the 
recommendation and any materials submitted by the board, and may consider reliable 
hearsay evidence submitted by either party, provided that it is relevant to the 
determinations. Facts previously proven at trial or elicited at the time of entry of a plea of 
guilty shall be deemed established by clear and convincing evidence and shall not be 
relitigated. The court shall render an order setting forth its determinations and the findings of 
fact and conclusions of law on which the determinations are based. A copy of the order shall be 
submitted by the court to the division. Upon application of either party, the court shall seal any 
portion of the court file or record which contains material that is confidential under any state or 
federal statute. Either party may appeal as of right from the order pursuant to the provisions of 
articles fifty-five, fifty-six and fifty-seven of the civil practice law and rules. Where counsel has 
been assigned to represent the sex offender upon the ground that the sex offender is financially 
unable to retain counsel, that assignment shall be continued throughout the pendency of the 
appeal, and the person may appeal as a poor person pursuant to article eighteen-B of the county 
law. 
4. Upon determination that the risk of repeat offense and threat to public safety is high, the 
sentencing court shall also notify the division of such fact for the purposes of section one 
hundred sixty-eight-q of this article. 
5. Upon the reversal of a conviction of a sexual offense defined in paragraphs (a) and (b) of 
subdivision two or three of section one hundred sixty-eight-a of this article, the appellate court 
shall remand the case to the lower court for entry of an order directing the expungement of any 
records required to be kept herein. 
6. If a sex offender, having been given notice, including the time and place of the determination 
proceeding in accordance with this section, fails to appear at this proceeding, without sufficient 
excuse, the court shall conduct the hearing and make the determinations in the manner set forth 
in subdivision three of this section. 
EFTA00728352

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728353.pdf
----------------------------------------
New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
Tower Place 
Albany, N.Y. 12203. 
To Whom It May Concern: 
My client, Jeffrey E. Epstein, requests that you notify the Board of Examiners of Sex 
Offenders of the following conviction. Mr. Epstein currently resides in Florida. He also 
maintains a residence in New York City, where he intends to live periodically in the future: 
Name: 
Jeffrey Edward Epstein 
Date of Birth: 
Social Security Number: 
Current Address: 
Proposed New York Address: 
Date of Arrest: 
Date of Conviction: 
Crime of Conviction: 
Jurisdiction of Conviction: 
Sentence Received: 
Palm Beach County, Florida 
Enclosed are the Florida court documents showing the crime of conviction and the sentence 
imposed. Please direct any questions to me at [address and telephone number]. Thank you for 
your attention to this matter. 
EFTA00728353

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728354.pdf
----------------------------------------
DEWG RANGE 
CONSUL. 'LNG • SOF MARL 
COMMU NICA 'IONS 
AGREEMENT 
This letter of agreement between the Jeffrey Epstein Foundation, a non-profit entity 
organized in the U.S. Virgin Islands with a regular place of business located at XYX, 
hereinafter referred to as the "CONTRACTOR" and the Newgrange Consulting Group LLC, 
an incorporated business entity organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of 
Massachusetts with a regular place of business located at 43 Charles Street, Suite 3, Boston, 
MA 02114, hereinafter referred to as the "CONSULTANT", do hereby agree as follows: 
1. 
CONSULTANT will provide public relations, media relations, community relations, 
public affairs and strategic consulting services for the CONTRACTOR. 
Specifically, CONSULTANT shall be responsible for providing the following services on 
behalf of CONTRACTOR: 
Task 1— Overall branding and image development for the Epstein Foundation; 
Task 2 — Assist CONTRACTOR with local press and media relations in conjunction 
with overall image development; 
Task 2 — Assist CONTRACTOR with coordination of local press and media relations 
tied to CONTRACTOR sponsored events; 
Task 3 — Management of community relations and public affairs activities; 
Task 4 — Work with CONTRACTOR to develop a public relations/marketing plan to 
raise awareness of CONTRACTOR'S goals and objectives in the media and with 
other stakeholder organizations. 
2. 
CONSULTANT shall not be required to perform services on an hourly basis. 
Delivery of services shall be the sole criteria for CONSULTANT'S responsibilities 
under Paragraph 1. 
3. 
CONTRACTOR agrees to pay the following sums for the aforementioned services 
enumerated in Paragraph I: 
a. 
CONTRACTOR shall pay the CONSULTANT for public relations, media 
relations, community relations, public affairs and strategic consulting services; 
b. 
The payment for services referred to in Paragraph 3a will be in the form of a 
monthly payment as follows: 
The CONTRACTOR shall pay the CONSULTANT the sum of $15,000 on the 
first of each month beginning August 15, 2010. 
Newgrange Consulting Group • N2 Innovations • New an Strate ies 
Charles Street Suite 3 • Boston, MA 02114 • Phone: 
• Fax: 
www.new2rantearouo.com • 
EFTA00728354
--- PAGE 2 ---
d. 
CONTRACTOR shall reimburse CONSULTANT for all authorized expenses 
incurred during this contract including travel, printing, production, etc. 
4. 
CONSULTANT and CONTRACTOR shall have the right to terminate this 
Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice. 
5. 
Tax and workers compensation liability: CONSULTANT agrees to hold 
CONTRACTOR harmless from any and all liability for withholding state or federal 
income, federal social security or Medicare tax, federal or state industrial accident 
contributions, and any other employer's tax liability now or subsequently imposed on 
CONTRACTOR, as may involve CONSULTANT'S business relationship with 
CONTRACTOR. 
6. 
Waiver of Claims: CONSULTANT waives all claims against CONTRACTOR, which 
CONSULTANT may now have or may subsequently acquire for unemployment 
compensation under the laws of the United States or the Commonwealth of 
Massachusetts. 
7. 
Relationship of the parties. The parties intend that an independent contractor-
employer relationship be created by this contract. The conduct and control of the 
work will lie solely with the CONSULTANT; however, the CONSULTANT shall 
perform such work in accordance with currently prevailing standards in the 
community for similar work. 
Signed this 
day of August 2010: 
Consultant, Principal 
James P. McGee 
Newgrange Consulting Group 
Signed this 
day of August 2010: 
Contractor, Principal 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
EFTA00728355

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728356.pdf
----------------------------------------
Podhurst Orseck 
TRIAT, & APPELLATE LAWYERS 
Aaron S. Podhurst 
Robert C Josefsberg 
Joel D. Baton 
Steven C Marks 
Victor M. Diu, Jr. 
Katherine W. FeeII
Stephen F. Rosenthal 
Ricardo M. Martinez-Gd 
Ramon A. Rasco 
Alexander T. Rurallet 
John Gravante, DI 
Carolina iVlaharbiz 
April 17, 2009 
VIA FACSIMILE 
David Spicer, Esq. 
11000 Prosperity Farms Road 
Suite 104 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
Robert Critton, Esq. 
Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman LLP 
515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Gentlemen: 
Robert Orseck (1934-1918) 
Walter H. Beckham, Jr. 
Karen Podhurst Dem 
Of Counsel 
During our recent meeting with Mr. Black, we were told that it is your client's position that 
the no-contact order agreed to during the state plea colloquy does not apply to any of our clients 
those victims who were part of Mr. Epstcin's state plea. Our understanding is that AUSA 
and Messrs. Tein and Goldberger entered a verbal agreement at the time that the list of 
victims was provided to those defense counsel that Mr. Epstein, including his agents, would have 
no direct or indirect contact with the victims named on this list. In addiditon, under applicable 
Florida Bar Rules governing contact by attorneys and their agents with persons represented by 
counsel, any contact with any of our clients or their family members by Mr. Epstein, his counsel 
and/or his agents must strictly be through us. Mr. Leftowitz had previously reassured us that Mr. 
Epstein would not contact any of our clients as long as I am "representing them in connection with 
settlement discussions." Due to our differences regarding the retroactivity issue and the "per 
plaintiff' v. per incident/count issue, we have apparently reached a dead end regarding settlement. 
Podhuret Orseck PA. 25 West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130 
Miami305358.2800 Fax 3051"  "I" • Port Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhunt.com 
EFTA00728356
--- PAGE 2 ---
We are concerned that Mr. Epstein could misconstrue our impasse in conjunction with Mr. 
Letkowitz' e-mail to mean that now that we are no longer "representing them in connection with 
settlement discussions," he may contact them. Please be assured that it is our position that regardless 
of whether we are Lela ebeuting our clients during settlement discussions and/or trial preparation, we, 
and the rules of professional conduct, prohibit contact. 
In order to be crystal clear as to whom we represent, we have attached a list of our present 
clients. We expect each member of Mr. Epstein's defense team to abide by the applicable rules of 
professional conduct We request written confirmation from Mr. Epstein that neither he nor his 
agents will contact any of the victims represented by us. 
If this correspondence is in any way unclear, please contact us. 
Sincerely, 
o
il Pig 
cc: 
Roy Black, Esq. w/ enclosures 
Jay Lefkowitz, Esq. w/ enclosures 
EFTA00728357
--- PAGE 3 ---
List of Clients Represented by Podhurst, Orseck P.A. 
as of April 17. 2009' 
I We will supplement this list as necessary. 
EFTA00728358

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728359.pdf
----------------------------------------
SEP-04-2007 19.43 Frpm.CPI 
C9N§pLID/TED 
DATE: 30
a
I send An 
Attention 
Office Location: 
Fax Numbe 
U URGENT 
*REPLY ASAP 
U PLEASE COMMENT 
U PLEASE REVIEW 
CI FOR YOUR INFORMATION 
COMMENTS: 
fax cover 
CONSOLIDATED PRODUCT.. INC 
2211N. REFUGIO RD. SANTA Y., CA 9390 
From: Marty Perellis 
abg-/ 
Office Location: 
Locahon: 
Phone Number: 
P.1, 5 
Number of Pages, Including Cover: C''  
blIff #1,1
,(4,( 
I i , of v0 be 
006
Se," 
)(-
EFTA00728359
--- PAGE 2 ---
Peter Capone Design LLC 
May 12, 2008 
Attn: Mr. Richard Kahn 
New York Strategy Group LLC 
457 Madison Avenue e Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Project: 
Little St. James Island 
Invoice*: 
LSJ 001 
Project*: 
0022 
Fee Basis: Billing on a Time Basis & Expenses 
COPY 
Architectural Design Group  
$ 
29,640.00 
Curtis Woodhouse 
$ 
6,000.00 
ECO Plan  
$ 
7,988 32 
Peter Capone Design LLC 
$ 
000 00 
128 Hrs. ® $250.00 Hr. 
Subtotal  
S 
75,628.32 
Travel Expenses: 
M. Ramsey 
(1) Round Trip 
$ 
2,000.00 
C. Woodhouse (1) Round Trip 
$ 2,000.00 
P. Bogdell 
(1) Round Trip 
$ 
2,000.00 
P. Capone 
(3) Round Trips 
$ 
6,000.00 
Subtotal 
 S 12,000.00 
TOTAL DUE TILLS INVOICE 
$ 87,628.32 
Please pay directly to: Peter Capone Design LLC 
3981 Roblar Avenue 
Santa Ynez, CA 93460 
Thank you. 
PC/sw 
3981 No61ar AVM*, Santa Ynez, Ca 93460 Telephone 
EFTA00728360
--- PAGE 3 ---
oar -err- cue,' 1J. 
1R rruuw-rs 
MAY-13-2008 11:33 
ADO 
P.01 
ARCHITECTURAL DESIGN GROUP, INC_ 
20014U AIMION NEM 
Vain?.RR0210A HAW 
sem iVatitSStilEI.SUITC IM 
tAl1:14/4 NMI 
To: 
Mr, Peter Capone 
39131 Roblar Avealle 
Santa 'inn, CA 93460 
Protect: 28507.00 Little St. bows Island 
Pn,fc3sional Services for tlic Period: 04/13/71108 to SIR/2008 
AD6 Arritilegtirol &nice( 
CO(. 
SIRM. WIC 90? 
Invoice Number: 
#051205 
Invoice Date: 
May 12, 20011 
IMO= 
MASS 
Chins 
Pnneipal 
Architectural Design: Cheraw 
24.00 
200 00 
4,800 00 
Principal 
Architeetual Design: Studio Work 
103.00 
200.00 
20,600.00 
Associates 
Archilectual Design, Studio Work 
51.00 
80.00 
4,240.00 
ADC &dilemma! Senices Total 
529,640.00 
Total Invoice Amount 
529,640.00 
EFTA00728361
--- PAGE 4 ---
.err - u+ - caul 
J. 2. 
r r 
LI-
Curtis J. 
Woodhouse 
ARCHITFCTUNAL ILLUSTRATION 
nESiuN 
1: 
207 Moth 
Gordon Rood 
Fort LesuilarrInlo. Florida 01301 
P• 
www.co•livw*Odhous• 
corn 
INVOICE 
04160815 
April 16, 2008 
Peter Capone 
3981 Roblar Avenue 
Santa Ynez, CA 93460 
Service: 
Producing design sketches and presentation illustrations for the 
proposed Little Saint James, USVI project, submitted April 15, 2008. 
Cost: 
$6,000.00 
Please make check payable to: 
Curtis Woodhniitai 
207 North Gordon Road 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
tel 
Thank You 
EFTA00728362
--- PAGE 5 ---
our- -err -cut) I 
J. 7 • '-1.1 
r I UM • LI-  1 
r
• 
08 01:0Ep 
110 P..AN 
ECOI-OGICAUENVIRONMCNTAL LAND PLANNING • LANDSCAPE ARCHITECTURE • LAND USE ANALYSIS 
LICEN$P Al 00001(2400 
May 7.2008 
Mr. Peter Capone 
3981 Roblar Avenue 
Santa Yne', CA 93460 
Re: SI. John's 
l'AX/P}un PlOjiXt 00815 
IN votCh: #5-08-0815 (Billing through Aptil 30, 2008) 
Technical Time: 
Phase I - Central 
Deutsialion: 
Pitsifient 
34.5 I Ir.. St, 5200.00 
Daiwa Staff 
7.0 Mn,. (TO S80.00 
Reimbursable Expenees: 
Travel Mogan: 4/13 -4/14 
Amount Currently Due: 
Via Mail 
of Pace,: 3 
$6,9no.no 
S5(d0.00 
Subtotal 
57.460.00 
Subtotal 
$528.32 
1515 S.C. 4TH AVCNU 
LALICWRIDAL 
FLOIRIOA 32316 
PHONE 
E-MAIL 
AV. 7 DE SE rEmn 
1862 • STE. 1402 - SAt VADOR. BAntA, BRASIL, P4tONE 
133 ISLA VERDE BLVD CAROLINA, PUERTO RICO 00979 PHONE 
5528-12 
EFTA00728363

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728364.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728364.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN RE: 
INVESTIGATION OF 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT 
IT APPEARING that the City of Palm Beach Police Department and the State 
Attorney's Office for the 15th Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County (hereinafter, 
the "State Attorney's Office") have conducted an investigation into the conduct of Jeffrey 
Epstein (hereinafter "Epstein"); 
IT APPEARING that the State Attorney's Office has charged Epstein by indictment 
with solicitation of prostitution, in violation of Florida Statutes Section 796.07; 
IT APPEARING that the United States Attorney's Office and the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation have conducted their own investigation into Epstein's background and any 
offenses that may have been committed by Epstein against the United States from in or 
around 2001 through in or around September 2007, including: 
(1) 
knowingly and willfully conspiring with others known and unknown to 
commit an offense against the United States, that is, to use a facility or means 
of interstate or foreign commerce to knowingly persuade, induce, or entice 
minor females to engage in prostitution, in violation of Title 18, United States 
Code, Section 2422(b); all in violation ofTitle 18,United States Code, Section 
371; 
(2) 
knowingly and willfully conspiring with others known and unknown to travel 
in interstate commerce for the purpose of engaging in illicit sexual conduct, as 
defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2423(O, with minor females, in violation of Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2423(b); all in violation of Title 18, United States 
Code, Section 2423(e); 
(3) 
using a facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce to knowingly 
persuade, induce, or entice minor females to engage in prostitution; in 
violation of Title 18, United States Code, Sections 2422(b) and 2; 
(4) 
traveling in interstate commerce for the purpose of engaging in illicit sexual 
conduct, as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2423(0, with minor females; in violation 
Page 1 of 7 
EFTA00728364
--- PAGE 2 ---
of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2423(b); and 
(5) 
knowingly, in and affecting interstate and foreign commerce, recruiting, 
enticing, and obtaining by any means a person, knowing that the person had 
not attained the age of 18 years and would be caused to engage in a 
commercial sex act as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 1591(cX I); in violation of Title 
18, United States Code, Sections 1591(a)(1) and 2; and 
IT APPEARING that Epstein seeks to resolve globally his state and federal criminal 
liability and Epstein understands and acknowledges that, in exchange for the benefits 
provided by this agreement, he agrees to comply with its terms, including undertaking certain 
actions with the State Attorney's Office; 
IT APPEARING, after an investigation of the offenses and Epstein's background by 
both State and Federal law enforcement agencies, and after due consultation with the State 
Attorney's Office, that the interests of the United States, the State of Florida, and the 
Defendant will be served by the following procedure; 
THEREFORE, on the authority of R. Alexander Acosta, United States Attorney for 
the Southern District of Florida, prosecution in this District for these offenses shall be 
deferred in favor of prosecution by the State of Florida, provided that Epstein abides by the 
following conditions and the requirements of this Agreement set forth below. 
If the United States Attorney should determine, based on reliable evidence, that, 
during the period of the Agreement, Epstein willfully violated any of the conditions of this 
Agreement, then the United States Attorney may, within ninety (90) days following the 
expiration of the term of home confinement discussed below, provide Epstein with timely 
notice specifying the condition(s) of the Agictment that he has violated, and shall initiate its 
prosecution on any offense within sixty (60) days' of giving notice of the violation. Any 
notice provided to Epstein pursuant to this paragraph shall be provided within 60 days of the 
United States learning of facts which may provide a basis for a determination of a breach of 
the Agreement. 
After timely fulfilling all the terms and conditions of the Agreement, no prosecution 
for the offenses set out on pages 1 and 2 of this Agreement, nor any other offenses that have 
been the subject of the joint investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the 
United States Attorney's Office, nor any offenses that arose from the Federal Grand Jury 
investigation will be instituted in this District, and the charges against Epstein if any, will be 
dismissed. 
Page 2 of 7 
EFTA00728365
--- PAGE 3 ---
Terms of the Agreement: 
1. 
Epstein shall plead guilty (not nob contendere) to the Indictment as 
currently pending against him in the 15th Judicial Circuit in and for 
Palm Beach County (Case No. 2006-cf-009495AMOCMB) charging 
one (1) count of solicitation of prostitution, in violation of Fl. Stat. § 
796.07. In addition, Epstein shall plead guilty to an Information filed 
by the State Attorney's Office charging Epstein with an offense that 
requires him to register as a sex offender, that is, the solicitation of 
minors to engage in prostitution, in violation of Florida Statutes Section 
796.03; 
2. 
Epstein shall make a binding recommendation that the Court impose a 
thirty (30) month sentence to be divided as follows: 
(a) 
Epstein shall be sentenced to consecutive terms of twelve (12) 
months and six (6) months in county jail for all charges, without 
any opportunity for withholding adjudication or sentencing, and 
without probation or community control in lieu of 
imprisonment; and 
(b) 
Epstein shall be sentenced to a term of twelve (12) months of 
community control consecutive to his two terms in county jail 
as described in Term 2(a), supra. 
3. 
This agreement is contingent upon a Judge of the 15th Judicial Circuit 
accepting and executing the sentence agreed upon between the State 
Attorney's Office and Epstein, the details of which arc set forth in this 
agreement. 
4. 
The terms contained in paragraphs 1 and 2, supra, do not foreclose 
Epstein and the State Attorney's Office from agreeing to recommend 
any additional charge(s) or any additional term(s) of probation and/or 
incarceration. 
5. 
Epstein shall waive all challenges to the Information filed by the State 
Attorney's Office and shall waive the right to appeal his conviction and 
sentence, except a sentence that exceeds what is set forth in paragraph 
(2), supra. 
6. 
Epstein shall provide to the U.S. Attorney's Office copies of all 
Page 3 of 7 
EFTA00728366
--- PAGE 4 ---
proposed agreements with the State Attorney's Office prior to entering 
into those agreements. 
7. 
The United States shall provide Epstein's attorneys with a list of 
individuals whom it has identified as victims, as defined in 18 U.S.C. 
§ 2255, after Epstein has signed this agreement and been sentenced. 
Upon the execution of this agreement, the United States, in consultation 
with and subject to the good faith approval of Epstein's counsel, shall 
select an attorney representative for these persons, who shall be paid for 
by Epstein. Epstein's counsel may contact the identified individuals 
through that representative. 
8. 
If any of the individuals tared to in paragraph (7), supra, elects to 
file suit pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255, Epstein will not contest the 
jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District 
of Florida over his person and/or the subject matter, and Epstein waives 
his right to contest liability and also waives his right to contest damages 
up to an amount as agreed to between the identified individual and 
Epstein, so long as the identified individual elects to proceed 
exclusively under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, and agrees to waive any other 
claim for damages, whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law. 
Notwithstanding this waiver, as to those individuals whose names 
appear on the list provided by the United States, Epstein's signature on 
this agreement, his waivers and failures to contest liability and such 
damages in any suit are not to be construed as an admission of any 
criminal or civil liability. 
9. 
Epstein's signature on this agreement also is not to be construed as an 
admission of civil or criminal liability or a waiver of anyjurisdictional 
or other defense as to any person whose name does not appear on the 
list provided by the United States. 
10. 
Except as to those individuals who elect to proceed exclusively under 
U.S.C. § 2255, as set forth in paragraph (8), supra, neither Epstein's 
signature on this agreement, nor its terms, nor any resulting waivers or 
settlements by Epstein are to be construed as admissions or evidence of 
civil or criminal liability or a waiver of any jurisdictional or other 
defense as to any person, whether or not her name appears on the list 
provided by the United States. 
11. 
Epstein shall use his best efforts to enter his guilty plea and be 
Page 4 of 7 
EFTA00728367
--- PAGE 5 ---
sentenced not later than October 26, 2007. The United States has no 
objection to Epstein self-reporting to begin serving his sentence not 
later than January 4, 2008. 
12. 
Epstein agrees that he will not be afforded any benefits with respect to 
gain time, other than the rights, opportunities, and benefits as any other 
inmate, including but not limited to, eligibility for gain time credit 
based on standard rules and regulations that apply in the State of 
Florida. At the United States' request, Epstein agrees to provide an 
accounting of the gain time he earned during his period of 
incarceration. 
13. 
The parties anticipate that this agreement will not be made part of any 
public record. If the United States receives a Freedom of Information 
Act request or any compulsory process commanding the disclosure of 
the agreement, it will provide notice to Epstein before making that 
disclosure. 
Epstein understands that the United States Attorney has no authority to require the 
State Attorney's Office to abide by any terms of this agreement. Epstein understands that 
it is his obligation to undertake discussions with the State Attorney's Office and to use his 
best efforts to ensure compliance with these procedures, which compliance will be necessary 
to satisfy the United States' interest. Epstein also understands that it is his obligation to use 
his best efforts to convince the Judge of the 15th Judicial Circuit to accept Epstein's binding 
recommendation regarding the sentence to be imposed, and understands that the failure to 
do so will be a breach of the agreement. 
In consideration of Epstein's agreement to plead guilty and to provide compensation 
in the manner described above, if Epstein successfully fulfills all of the terms and conditions 
of this agreement, the United States also agrees that it will not institute any crinaiiiii 
isatiytential 
co-sirators of E stein including but not limited to 
or 
Further, upon execution of this 
agreement and a plea agreement with the State Attorney's Office, the federal Grand Jury 
investigation will be suspended, and all pending federal Grand Jury subpoenas will be held 
in abeyance unless and until the defendant violates any term of this agreement. The 
defendant likewise agrees to withdraw his pending motion to intervene and to quash certain 
grand jury subpoenas. Both parties agree to maintain their evidence, specifically evidence 
requested by or directly related to the grand jury subpoenas that have been issued, and 
including certain computer equipment, inviolate until all of the terms of this agreement have 
been satisfied. Upon the successful completion of the terms of this agreement, all 
outstanding grand jug subpoenas shall be deemed withdrawn. 
Page 5 of 7 
EFTA00728368
--- PAGE 6 ---
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and certifies that each of these terms is 
material to this agreement and is supported by independent consideration and that a breach 
of any one of these conditions allows the United States to elect to terminate the agreement 
and to investigate and prosecute Epstein and any other individual or entity for any and all 
federal offenses. 
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and certifies that he is aware of the fact that 
the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States provides that in all criminal 
prosecutions the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial. Epstein further 
is aware that Rule 48(b) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure provides that the Court 
may dismiss an indictment, information, or complaint for unnecessary delay in presenting 
a charge to the Grand Jury, filing an information, or in bringing a defendant to trial. Epstein 
hereby requests that the United States Attorney for the Southern District ofFlorida defer such 
prosecution. Epstein agrees and consents that any delay from the date of this Agreement to 
the date of initiation of prosecution, as provided for in the terms expressed herein, shall be 
deemed to be a necessary delay at his own request, and he hereby waives any defense to such 
prosecution on the ground that such delay operated to deny him rights under Rule 48(b) of 
the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure and the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of the 
United States to a speedy trial or to bar the prosecution by reason of the running of the statute 
of limitations for a period of months equal to the period between the signing of this 
agreement and the breach of this agreement as to those offenses that were the subject of the 
grand jury's investigation. Epstein further asserts and certifies that he understands that the 
Fifth Amendment and Rule 7(a) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure provide that all 
felonies must be charged in an indictment presented to a grand jury. Epstein hereby agrees 
and consents that, if a prosecution against him is instituted for any offense that was the 
subject of the grand jury's investigation, it may be by way of an Information signed and filed 
by the United States Attorney, and hereby waives his right to be indicted by a grand jury as 
to any such offense. 
/// 
/I/ 
Page 6 of 7 
EFTA00728369
--- PAGE 7 ---
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and certifies that the above has been read 
and explained to him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the conditions of this Non-
Prosecution Agreement and agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: 
Dated: 
Dated: 
By: 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ. 
COUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Page 7 of 7 
EFTA00728370
--- PAGE 8 ---
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and certifies that the above has been read 
and explained to him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the conditions of this Non-
Prosecution Agreement and agrees to comply with them. 
IL ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: 
By: 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
Dated: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated:  ? 
't I 0 
Dated: 
tJERAI.DY.EFCO
Q. 
COUNSEL TO JE 
Y EPSTEIN 
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Pagc 7 of 7 
EFTA00728371
--- PAGE 9 ---
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and certifies that the above has been read 
and explained to him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the conditions of this Non-
Prosecution Agreement and agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: 
Dated: 
Dated: 
Dated:q—A  4 — 0? 
BY: 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ. 
COUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
ANN 5 
ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Page 7 of 7 
EFTA00728372

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728373.pdf
----------------------------------------
FREESTANDING 
VESSEL TUB 
II 
 VESSEL SINK W/LARGE 
COUNTERTOP 
POCKET DOORS 
TOWEL HOOKS 
NORTH PAVILION 
EL. +54' -  1 0" 
TILED BENCH, BOTH 
SIDES 
PERSON SHOWER, 
WITH DOUBLE 
OVERHEAD RAIN 
SHOWER HEADS 
TEMPERED GLASS 
DOORS AT SHOWER & 
TOLIET 
-DN 
-n" 
EFTA00728373

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728374.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728374.pdf
----------------------------------------
FREESTANDING 
VESSEL TUB 
4'-0" 
7'77.
-0 
CLOSET 
VESSEL SINK W/LARGE 
COUNTERTOP 
POCKET DOORS 
TOWEL HOOKS 
NORTH PAVILION 
+54'-10"
-n" 
TILED BENCH, BOTH 
SIDES 
PERSON SHOWER, 
WITH DOUBLE 
OVERHEAD RAIN 
SHOWER HEADS 
TEMPERED GLASS 
DOORS AT SHOWER & 
TOUET 
BMW
DN 
EFTA00728374

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728375.pdf
----------------------------------------
FREESTANDING 
VESSEL RIB 
TILED BENCH, BOTH 
SIDES 
4'-0* 
COM OR ARMOIRE 
7.-7" 
PERSON SHOWER, 
WITH DOUBLE 
OVERHEAD RAIN 
SHOWER HEADS 
TEMPERED GLASS 
DOORS AT SHOWER & 
TOUET 
 VESSEL SINK W/LARGE 
COUNTERTOP 
POCKET DOORS 
NORTH PAVILION 
* EL +54'-10" 
II 
GUEST PAVILIC)11 AT
UR ITURE  LAYOUT STUDY1* 
_n904-16-2009 
I 
HA 
- 
I 
26'-6* 
  D 
-DN 
EFTA00728375

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728376.pdf
----------------------------------------
FREESTANDING 
VESSEL TUB 
r 
4,-0" 
6'-r 
TILED BENCH, BOTH 
SIDES 
7'77" 
QUEEN EC 
Dec OR MIAORE 
U 
• 
4'-0" 
--CLOSET 
PERSON SHOWER, 
WITH DOUBLE 
OVERHEAD RAIN 
SHOWER HEADS 
TEMPERED GLASS 
DOORS AT SHOWER & 
TOUET 
 VESSEL SINK W/LARGE 
COUNTERTOP 
POCKET DOORS 
NORTH PAVILION 
AEL +54.-10" 
i4"
N N 
`OPEN/ 
fib, 
BLOW
 -DN 
 CI CH-
GUEST PAVILIORI BATH/FURNITURE, LAYOUT STU13V1" 
-16-2009 
2V-6" 
EFTA00728376

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728377.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-CIV -MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
I 
NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the Plaintiff, JANE DOE, will take the deposition of 
Donald Trump on, August 17, 2009, at 11:00 a.m., at: 
Esquire Court Reporters 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 10119 
The deposition shall be conducted pursuant to the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 
and shall continue day to day, weekends and holidays excepted, until completed. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
by U.S. Mail and email transmission this 
_day of August, 2009 to all those on the 
attached Service List. 
EFTA00728377
--- PAGE 2 ---
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Email: 
B 
cc: 
Esquire Court Reports 
BRAD EDWARDS, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00728378

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728379.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092, 
NOTICE OF ISSUANCE OF SUBPOENA FOR DOCUMENTS 
AND ELECTRONICALLY STORED INFORMATION 
Plaintiffs Jane Does 2-8, pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 45(b)(1), will serve the attached 
subpoena upon the person or entity listed below, who is not a party to this action, and who is to 
produce the items listed as specified in Schedule "A" of the subpoena: 
Records Custodian 
HBRK Associates, Inc. 
1365 York Avenue 
Apt. 28 
New York, NY 10021 
Dated: March 9 2010 
Respectfully sub 
By: 
Adam D. Horowitz 
Bar No. 376980) 
Bar No. 947245) 
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, P.A. 
EFTA00728379
--- PAGE 2 ---
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami, Florida 33160 
Tel: 
Fax: 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing has been sent via email 
transmission, this  1 
 day of March, 2010 to the following: 
Robert D. Critton, Jr, Esq. 
Bradlcv James Edwards 
Isidro Manuel Garcia 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell 
Richard Horace Willits 
Robert C. Joscfsber 
EFTA00728380
--- PAGE 3 ---
AO 88B (Rev. 06/09) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information, or Objects or to Permit Inspection of Premises in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of New York 
Jane Doe No. 2 
Plaintiff 
v. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Defendant 
Civil Action No. 
08-CV-80119-Marra/Johnson 
(If the action is pending in another district, state where: 
Southern District of Florida 
SUBPOENA TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS, INFORMATION, OR OBJECTS 
OR TO PERMIT INSPECTION OF PREMISES IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: Records Custodian, HBRK Associates, Inc., 1365 York Avenue, Apt. 28, New York, NY 10021 
Production: YOU ARE COMMANDED to produce at the time, date, and place set forth below the following 
documents, electronically stored information, or objects, and permit their inspection, copying, testing, or sampling of the 
material: 
See document request attached as Schedule A. 
Place: Veritext Corp 
1250 Broadway, Suite 2400 
New York, New York 10001 
Date and Time: 
03/25/2010 10:00 am 
O Inspection of Premises: YOU ARE COMMANDED to permit entry onto the designated premises, land, or 
other property possessed or controlled by you at the time, date, and location set forth below, so that the requesting party 
may inspect, measure, survey, photograph, test, or sample the property or any designated object or operation on it. 
Place: 
 Date and Time: 
The provisions of Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(c), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena, and Rule 
(d) and (e), relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so, are 
attached. 
Date: 
t Log o 
CLERK OF COURT 
OR 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
Attorney's signature 
The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing (name of party) 
Jane Doe No. 2 
, who issues or requests this subpoena, are: 
Stuart Merrnelstein, Ada 
"o 
Suite 2218, Miami, FL, 
33160. 
EFTA00728381
--- PAGE 4 ---
AO 88B (Rev. 06/09) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information, or Objects or to Permit Inspection of Premises in a Civil Action (Page 2) 
Civil Action No. 08-CV-80119-Marra/Johnson 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 45.) 
This subpoena for (name of individual and title, if any) 
Records Custodian, HBRK Associates, Inc., 
was received by me on (date) 
O I served the subpoena by delivering a copy to the named person as follows: 
on (date) 
; or 
O I returned the subpoena unexecuted because: 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
My fees are $ 
Date: 
for travel and S 
for services, for a total of $ 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
0.00 
Server's signature 
Printed name and title 
Server's address 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
EFTA00728382
--- PAGE 5 ---
AO 88B (Rev. 06(09) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information, or Objects or to Permit Inspection of Premises in a Civil Action(Page 3) 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 45 (c), (d), and (e) (Effective 12/1/07) 
(c) Protecting a Person Subject to a Subpoena. 
(I) Avoiding Undue Burden or Expense; Sanctions. A party or 
attorney responsible for issuing and serving a subpoena must take 
reasonable steps to avoid imposing undue burden or expense on a 
person subject to the subpoena. The issuing court must enforce this 
duty and impose an appropriate sanction — which may include lost 
earnings and reasonable attorney's fees — on a party or attorney 
who fails to comply. 
(2) Command to Produce Materials or Permit Inspection. 
(A) Appearance Not Required. A person commanded to produce 
documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things, or 
to permit the inspection of premises, need not appear in person at the 
place of production or inspection unless also commanded to appear 
for a deposition, hearing, or trial. 
(B) Objections. A person commanded to produce documents or 
tangible things or to permit inspection may serve on the party or 
attorney designated in the subpoena a written objection to 
inspecting, copying, testing or sampling any or all of the materials or 
to inspecting the premises — or to producing electronically stored 
information in the form or forms requested. The objection must be 
served before the earlier of the time specified for compliance or i4 
days after the subpoena is served. If an objection is made, the 
following rules apply: 
(I) At any time, on notice to the commanded person, the serving 
party may move the issuing court for an order compelling production 
or inspection. 
(II) These acts may be required only as directed in the order, and 
the order must protect a person who is neither a party nor a party's 
officer from significant expense resulting from compliance. 
(3) Quashing or Modifying a Subpoena 
(A) When Required On timely motion, the issuing court must 
quash or modify a subpoena that: 
(i) fails to allow a reasonable time to comply; 
(II) requires a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer 
to travel more than 100 miles from where that person resides, is 
employed, or regularly transacts business in person — except that, 
subject to Rule 45(cX3)(B)(iii), the person may be commanded to 
attend a trial by traveling from any such place within the state where 
the trial is held; 
(iii) requires disclosure of privileged or other protected matter, if 
no exception or waiver applies; or 
(Iv) subjects a person to undue burden. 
(B) When Permitted. To protect a person subject to or affected by 
a subpoena, the issuing court may, on motion, quash or modify the 
subpoena if it requires: 
(I) disclosing a trade secret or other confidential research, 
development, or commercial information; 
(II) disclosing an unretained expert's opinion or information that 
does not describe specific occurrences in dispute and results from 
the expert's study that was not requested by a party; or 
(iii) a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer to incur 
substantial expense to travel more than 100 miles to attend trial. 
(C) Specifying Conditions as an Alternative. In the circumstances 
described in Rule 45(c)(3XB), the court may, instead of quashing or 
modifying a subpoena, order appearance or production under 
specified conditions if the serving party: 
(I) shows a substantial need for the testimony or material that 
cannot be otherwise met without undue hardship; and 
(ii) ensures that the subpoenaed person will be reasonably 
compensated. 
(d) Duties in Responding to a Subpoena. 
(1) Producing Documents or Electronically Stored Information. 
These procedures apply to producing documents or electronically 
stored information: 
(A) Documents. A person responding to a subpoena to produce 
documents must produce them as they are kept in the ordinary 
course of business or must organize and label them to correspond to 
the categories in the demand. 
(B) Form for Producing Electronically Stored Information Not 
Specified. if a subpoena does not specify a form for producing 
electronically stored information, the person responding must 
produce it in a form or forms in which it is ordinarily maintained or 
in a reasonably usable form or forms. 
(C) Electronically Stored Information Produced in Only One 
Form. The person responding need not produce the same 
electronically stored information in more than one form. 
(D) Inaccessible Electronically Stored Information. The person 
responding need not provide discovery of electronically stored 
information from sources that the person identifies as not reasonably 
accessible because of undue burden or cost. On motion to compel 
discovery or for a protective order, the person responding must show 
that the information is not reasonably accessible because of undue 
burden or cost. If that showing is made, the court may nonetheless 
order discovery from such sources if the requesting party shows 
good cause, considering the limitations of Rule 26(b)(2XC). The 
court may specify conditions for the discovery. 
(2) Claiming Privilege or Protection. 
(A) Information Withheld. A person withholding subpoenaed 
information under a claim that it is privileged or subject to 
protection as trial-preparation material must: 
(I) expressly make the claim; and 
(ft) describe the nature of the withheld documents, 
communications, or tangible things in a manner that, without 
revealing information itself privileged or protected, will enable the 
parties to assess the claim. 
(B) Information Produced. If information produced in response to a 
subpoena is subject to a claim of privilege or of protection as trial-
preparation material, the person making the claim may notify any 
party that received the information of the claim and the basis for it. 
After being notified, a party must promptly return, sequester, or 
destroy the specified information and any copies it has; must not use 
or disclose the information until the claim is resolved; must take 
reasonable steps to retrieve the information if the party disclosed it 
before being notified; and may promptly present the information to 
the court under seal for a determination of the claim. The person 
who produced the information must preserve the information until 
the claim is resolved. 
(e) Contempt. The issuing court may hold in contempt a person 
who, having been served, fails without adequate excuse to obey the 
subpoena. A nonparty's failure to obey must be excused if the 
subpoena purports to require the nonparty to attend or produce at a 
place outside the limits of Rule 45(cX3XAXii). 
EFTA00728383
--- PAGE 6 ---
SCHEDULE A 
DEFINITIONS 
1. 
All documents produced pursuant hereto are to be produced as they are kept in the 
usual course of business or shall be organized and labeled (without permanently marking the 
item produced) so as to correspond with the categories of each numbered request hereof. 
2. 
Each draft, final document, original, reproduction, and each signed and unsigned 
document and every additional copy of such document where such copy contains any 
commentary, note, notation or any change whatsoever that does not appear on the original or on 
the copy of the one document produced shall be deemed and considered to constitute a separate 
document. 
3. 
As used herein, the singular shall always include the plural, and the present tense 
shall always include the past tense. 
4. 
All references to any Person (as defined below) includes his/her/its employees, 
agents, servants, subsidiaries, parent company, affiliated company and any other person or entity 
or Representative (as defined below) acting or purporting to act on behalf or under his/her/its 
control. 
5. 
"You", "Your" refers to the Person (as defined below) to whom this request is 
addressed, including his/her/its employees, agents, servants, subsidiaries, parent company, 
affiliated company, and other persons acting or purporting to act on your behalf, including your 
representative. 
6. 
"Person" means any natural individual in any capacity whatsoever or any entity or 
organization, including divisions, departments, and other units herein, and shall include, but not 
be limited to, public or private corporations, partnerships, joint ventures, voluntary or 
EFTA00728384
--- PAGE 7 ---
unincorporated associations, organizations, proprietorships, trust, estates, governmental agencies, 
commissions, bureaus, or departments, and the agents, servants and employees of same. 
7. 
"Materials" shall mean all "Documents", "Writings", "Agreements", and 
Communications" as those terms are defined herein. 
8. 
As used herein, "and" as well as "or" shall be construed disjunctively and 
conjunctively in order to bring within the scope of this request all responses which might 
otherwise be construed to be outside its scope. 
9. 
"Document" shall mean letters, correspondence, memoranda, notes, opinions, 
work papers, charts, reports, ledgers, drawings, plans, specifications, schematics, blueprints, 
block diagrams, contracts or photographs, and shall include but shall not be limited to, any 
written, printed, typed or other graphic matter of any kind or nature, all mechanical, magnetic, 
and electronic sound recordings or transcripts thereof; any microfilm, microfiche, or other 
reproductions, and any data, information or statistics contained within any data storage modules, 
tapes, discs or other memory devices or other information retrieval storage systems (including 
computer-generated reports and printouts) in the possession and/or control of you and/or your 
counsel or agents, or known by you to exist. It shall also mean all drafts and/or copies of 
documents by whatever means made. 
10. 
The terms "related", "relating", "reflecting" and "in relation to" shall mean 
referring to, or having any relationship with whatsoever, or regarding or pertaining to, or 
comprising, or indicating, or constituting evidence of, in whole or in part. 
11. 
The term "communication" means any oral or written statement, dialogue, 
colloquy, discussion, or conversation, and also means any transfer of thoughts or ideas between 
persons by means of documents and includes any transfer of data from one location to another by 
EFTA00728385
--- PAGE 8 ---
electronic or similar means. 
12. 
The term "representative" means any and all agents, employees, servants, officers, 
directors, attorneys, or other persons acting or purporting to act on behalf of the person in 
question. 
13. 
The term "control" means in your possession custody or control or under your 
direction, and includes in the possession, custody or control of those under the direction of you 
or your employees, subordinates, counsel, accountant, consultant, expert, parent or affiliated 
corporation, and any person purporting to act on your behalf. 
14. 
The term "ownership" shall mean any interest whether owned or possessed, 
vested or contingent, partial or full, and whether title is held legally in your name, subsidiary, or 
other related company and shall include any beneficial interest. 
15. 
The term "statement" shall mean a written statement, signed or otherwise adopted 
or approved by the person making it, or a stenographic, mechanical, electrical, or other 
recording, or a transcription thereof, which is substantially a verbatim recital or an oral statement 
by the person making it and contemporaneously recorded. 
16. 
Privilege. If any document would be required to be produced in response to any 
request except for the fact that a privilege against production is claimed, set forth for each 
document: 
a. 
its date, title of document (e.g., letter), and length; 
b. 
its writer, preparer, sender, and addressee or copies; 
c. 
a general description of its subject matter; 
d. 
the exact grounds on which the objection to production is based; 
e. 
the identity of all persons, in addition to those identified as required by section 
EFTA00728386
--- PAGE 9 ---
(b), supra, known to you who have seen or had access to the document; and 
f. 
identify the person now in possession of the document. 
17. 
Documents no longer in existence or no longer under possession, custody or 
control. 
If any document requested herein was at one time in existence and under your 
possession, custody or control but has been lost, discarded or destroyed or has been removed 
from your possession, custody or control, with respect to each such document: 
a. 
identify and describe such document by date, title and type of document; 
b. 
state when each such document was most recently in the possession or subject of 
your control and what disposition was made of such document, including an 
identification of the person, if any presently in possession or control of such 
document; 
c. 
state when such document was transferred or destroyed, identify the person who 
transferred or destroyed such document and the persons who authorized or 
directed that the document be transferred or destroyed or having knowledge of its 
transfer or destruction and state the reason such document was transferred or 
destroyed; and 
d. 
identify all persons having knowledge of the contents thereof. 
18. 
Unless otherwise specified, the time period of these requests is 2001-present. 
EFTA00728387
--- PAGE 10 ---
REQUESTED DOCUMENTS 
1. 
All documents referring or relating to the ownership, management or operation of 
the following properties: 
a. 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida; 
b. 9 E. 71st Street, New York, NY; 
c. 49 Zorro Ranch Road, Stanley, NM 
d. 301 E. 66th Street, New York, NY 
e. property known as "Little St. James," located in the U.S. Virgin Islands; 
f. property located in the Westminster neighborhood in London, England; 
g. property located on the Avenue Foch in Paris, France; 
h. any other properties in which HBRK Associates, Inc. has an ownership or 
operating interest. 
2. 
All documents referring to or relating to persons employed by HBRK Associates, 
Inc., who performed any work or services at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida, including 
without limitation Janusz Banasiak and Louelle Rabuyo. 
3. 
All documents referring to or relating to persons employed by HBRK Associates, 
Inc., who performed work or services at any of the properties listed in request no. 1. 
4. 
All documents stating or reflecting the equity ownership of HBRK Associates, 
Inc., including without limitation shareholder agreements and corporate books and records. 
5. 
All documents referring or relating to transfers or exchanges of property 
involving or concerning Epstein and HBRK Associates, Inc. 
6. 
All documents identifying the board of directors of HBRK Associates Inc. 
EFTA00728388
--- PAGE 11 ---
7. 
All documents referring or relating to work or services performed for, on behalf 
of, or at the direction of Jeffrey Epstein. 
8. 
All documents referring or relating to any interests in property held or used, in 
whole or in part, for the benefit of Jeffrey Epstein, including without limitation, real property, 
aircraft, vehicles and accounts. 
9. 
All documents identifying the corporate officers of HBRK Associates, Inc. 
10. 
All financial statements of HBRK Associates, Inc., for any period of time from 
2005 to present, including without limitation, any and all balance sheets, income statements, cash 
flow statements, statements of changes in financial position, credit applications and statements of 
net worth. 
11. 
All documents referring or relating to any ownership interest in real property of 
HBRK Associates, Inc., including without limitation, lists of property addresses and appraisals. 
12. 
All documents referring or relating to any business or transaction involving 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
13. 
All documents referring or relating to contracts or agreements between or among 
you and Jeffrey Epstein. 
14. 
All documents referring or relating to transfers of property or interests in property 
to or from Jeffrey Epstein. 
15. 
All documents referring or relating to any ownership interest in property of 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
EFTA00728389

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728390.pdf
----------------------------------------
EWB 
As of 07416119 
Loan Number 
Type 
Location 
Maturity Date Cmmi Current Aim 
Outstanding 
Balance 
Original Loan 
Amount 
Appraisal Value 
Appraisal 
Date 
Contact Person 
Email Address 
I 
00019113088 
LAND 
3203 ENCINAL CANYON. 
MALIBU. CA 90265 
41111136 
512300.000.00 5 
18.620.000.00 
7/9/2006 
Adam Goner 
' 
0003C032576 
CRE 
4757 & 4759 DURFEE AVE. 
PICO RIVERA CA 90660 
2/1/1118 
51.7183.000.00 5 
3.100.000.00 12/18/2007 Adam Goner / 
Vulcan Clan 
0002001703 
C & I 
2nd TD 4757 & 4759 DURFEE 
AVE PICO RIVERA CA 
90660 
2/28/1110 
51.500.000.00 
Adam Goner 
00000032381 
CONS 
5727 & 5735 CAMELLIA 
AVE LOS ANGELES CA 
91601 
9/16/N109 
57.256.000.00 
55.563.954.71 
9.945.000.00 2/20/1307 Adam Goner 
90000043074 
CONS 
NEC ORANGE AVE. & 
ALABAMA ST. REDLANDS 
CA 92373 
6/5/3109 
510.805.01:0.00 
58.503.009.00 
23.900.000.00 II/lir-N/06 Adam Goner 
01010581443 
LAND 
VACANT LAND APN:2I9-121 
SAN NIARCOS CA 92069 
6/100309 
5900.000.03 5 
2.010.000.00 5/23/1306 Adam Goner 
901:00581630 
LAND 
BLUFF CREEK 
DRIVEAVESTLAWN AVE. 
LOS ANGELES CA 90015 
7/100109 
5145.400.1:00.00 5 
225.800.000.00 3/27/a107 Adam Gamer 
01000(128649 
CONS 
928.932 N CROFT AVENUE 
LOS ANGELES CA 90069 
111154009 
58.120.000.00 
58.061.996.14 
9.00.000.110 6/11/1305 Adam Gamer 
cocoaes984 
LAND 
NWC OASIS RD. & TWIN 
VIEW BLVD. REDDING CA 
96001 
4/1/2009 
56.135.1:00.00 5 
15.525.000.00 10/18/2006 Adam Gower 
00000078705 
CONS 
1ST TN: 225.233 HAMILTON 
DR BEVERLY HILLS CA 
90211 
2ND T/D: 928.932 NORTH 
CROIT AVE. LOS ANGELES. 
CA 90069 
3RD TN: 824 PINE CREST 
DRIVE. SNOWMASS 
VILLAGE CO 81615 
112/2011 
$24.300.000.00 517.282.571.52 
27.950.000.00 10/19/21./05 Adam Gown 
II coano1981 
CRE 
1311E. DIVISION ST.. & 
RAILROAD AVE.. SLATON. 
TX 79364 
61511117 
51.620.00.00 5 
2.700.000.00 3/12/1307 Adam Goner 
01000(132_287 
CRE 
26655 I IIGHLAND AVENUE. 
HIGHLAND. CA 92346 
4/2011017 
58.000.00.00 5 
12.700.000.00 3/29/N107 Adam Goner 
03010131432 
CONS 
346 METROPOLE 
AVE..AVALON.CA 90701 
9/15/1109 
54.256.000.00 
54.212.285.52 
5.170.000.00 9/21/a106 Adam Gown 
01051.047480 
LAND 
SOUTH SIDE OF GREEN 
RIVER RD.. BEYOND CALLE 
DEL ORO. AND WEST OF 
PASEO GRANDE WITHIN 
THE CITY OF CORONA. CA 
92882 
12292019 
514.296.320.03 
560.51:0.000M 
5/23/a106 Adam Gower 
IS COC00032916 
CRE 
2313 & 2317 S. SANTA FE 
AVE LOS ANGELES. CA 
90058 
10125/2017 
54.953.484.17 5 
6.815.000.03 
9/25/1107 Adam Gamer 
01000033303 
C & I 
2313 & 2317 S. SANTA FE 
AVE LOS ANGELES. CA 
90058 
3/25/1J15 
5187.301.82 
Adam Goner 
01000032495 
CONS 
5491 SKYLANE BLVD. 
SANTA ROSA, CA 95403 
4/1/1309 
55.1%10000.00 
S2.8IX/.000.39 
58.265.000.03 
2/13/2007 Manna Lee 
01000072562 
CRE 
10016 NIACARTHUR BLVD.. 
OAKLAND. CA 91603 
8/10/1317 
5750.000.00 5 
1075.000.03 
61211^1837
61211^1837 Dianna Lee 
01000029184 
CRE 
3955 N PECOS RD. LAS 
VEGAS. NV 89115 
10/1512017 
52.900.000.00 5 
3.850.000.03 
7/11/2007 Donald Chow 
01000029002 
CONS 
NEC OF RAINBOW BLVD & 
PATRICK LANE. LAS 
VEGAS, NV 89113 
2/15/2009 
$4.800.000.00 
S4.544.921.12 
S 
8.860.000.03 
12/5/1106 Donald Chow 
Page I o44 
EFTA00728390
--- PAGE 2 ---
EWB 
As of 07/116/09 
Loan Number 
Type 
Location 
Maturity Dale Cmmt Current Ann 
Outstanding 
Balance 
Original Loan 
Amount 
Appraisal Value 
Appraisal 
Date 
Conrad Person 
Email Address 
00000029119 
CONS 
SE CORNER OF ANN 
RD&DECATUR BLVD. N 
LAS VEGAS. NV 89031 
9/1/A109 
54.850.000.00 
54.842.882.50 
7.750.000.00 
5/31/2007 flora Ling 
00000078810 
LAND 
NW CORNER OF ANN ROAD 
& VALLEY DR. N LAS 
VEGAS. NV 89031 
8/1/A109 
52.940.000.00 5 
1.970.000.00 
5/8/21./08 flora Ling 
00000028726 
LAND 
NE CORNER OF MAIN ST & 
MARIPOSA RD.. 
HESPERIA.CA 92345 
7/15/1009 
57.000.000.00 5 
11.730.000.00 
1/14/006 flora Ling 
000000:8240 
CRE 
3715 WILLISTON ROAD, 
NORTIIWOOD. OH 43619 
7/1541109 
51.619.101.01 5 
1013.000.03 
anwaius flora Ling 
00000028725 
LAND 
NWC OF OAK GLEN RD & 
BRYANT ST.. YUCAIPA. CA 
92399 
7/15/2009 
55,000,010.00 5 
8.390.000.03 
2/1/2006 Flom Ling 
00000076383 
CONS 
S OF LANCASTER BLVD. 
BETWEEN 17TH & 18TH ST. 
LANCASTER CA 93534 
2/1/1309 
S2.341.931-50 
32.341.93130 
9.180.000.00 
7/21/1108 flora Ling 
00000012454 
CRE 
401 TARAVAL STREET. SAN 
FRANCISCO. CA 91116 
12/15/2010 
SL6C0.000.00 5 
33C0.000.00 
11/21/1K0 Fely Kwan / 
Louis DeSieno 
00000032569 
CRE 
447 BATTERY ST. SAN 
FRANCISCO. CA NI I I 
10/10/2010 
55.650.000.00 5 
8.150.000.00 
7/12/1307 
rely Kwan/ 
Louis DeSieno / 
Tan Lau 
00003001604 
C & I 
2ND D/T: 4500ST HELENA 
IIWY/4531 HELENA HWY. 
CALISTOGA CA 94515AND 
447 BATTERY ST. SAN 
FRANCISCO CA 94111 
9/300109 
51500.010.00 
Fely Kwan/ 
Louis DeSieno/ 
Tang Llu 
C0000331236 
CONS 
722-7U MONTGOMERY ST. 
SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94111 
7/1/A109 
59.850.000.00 
55.990.098.32 
313.960.000.03 
11/1/1106 Fely Kwan / 
Louis DeSieno 
00003001907 
C & I 
3726 PHUNGLAU COURT & 
1236.1238 FLORA AVE. SAN 
JOSE CA 95117 
6/2111109 
$775.000.00 5 
1.105.000.00 
3/21/1308 Fely Kwan/ 
Louis DeSieno 
00000581592 
LAND 
4315 ClIRISTY ST & 5593 
AUTO MALL PARKWAY. 
FREMONT CA 94538 
8/9/A109 
5574.253.70 5 
5530.000.00 
I/25/1307 rely Kwan/ 
Louis DeSieno 
C0000581753 
CRE 
5555 AUTO MALL 
PARKWAY. FRENIONT CA 
94538 
11/15/2017 
318.150.000.00 5 
23.710.000.00 
8/17/2007 rely Kwan/ 
Louis DeSieno 
00000031076 
CRE 
2110 PALOU AVENUE. SAN 
FRANCISCO. CA 94124 
11/1/2015 
5960.000.00 5 
1670.000.00
8/12005 rely Kwan/ 
Louis DeSieno 
0000100141082 
CRE 
704 N SAN MATEO DR SAN 
11/1/2015 
MATEO 
CA 
94401 
Lou
is 
S1.465.000.00 5 
2.240.000.00 
8/5/2005 rely. Kwan/ 
DeSieno 
0089230891 
MFR 
2221 VILI.AGE COURT. 
BELMONT CA 94002 
6/15/1315 
51.470.000.00 S 
2.100.000.00 
2/12/1305 rely Kwan/ 
Louis Dalai° 
00050802242 
HELOC 
2ND T/D: 30 SANTA FELICIA 
COURT. HILLSBOROUGH 
CA 94010 
9/1012027 
5663.577.23 S 
3500.000.00 
12/21/1106 Fely Kwan/ 
Louis DeSieno 
00000071610 
CONS 
6143 SKYLINE BLVD 
3/25/1309 
5842.298.38 
5867.009.58 
OAKLAND 
CA94611 
Lou
is 
S 
I.375.001C0 
6notaios rely. Kwan./ 
Dawn° 
C0000581795 
CRE 
743 . 747 SOUTH 
WINCHESTER BLVD.. SAN 
JOSE CA 95128 
4/15/1318 
54.000.000.00 
56.140.000.03 12/12/1107 
Fely Kwan/ 
Louis DeSieno/ 
Tang Lau 
00003001927 
C & I 
2ND: TO 743 - 747 SOUTH 
WINCHESTER BLVD.. SAN 
JOSE CA 95128 
2/11/1310 
531%1.000.00 
rely Kwan/ 
Louis DeSieno/ 
Tang Lau 
00000031611 
CONS 
7410 ELSIE AVE.. 
SACRAMENTO. CA 95828 
7/160109 
52,220,000.00 
S2,194.108.87 
2.770.000.EO 
7/9/208 Fely Kwan/ 
Louis DeSieno 
C0000331613 
CONS 
720 SUNRISE AVENUE. 
ROSEVILLE CA 95661 
4/6/A109 
3904.826.28 
5600.003.00 
56.7C0.000.00 
1/15M106 rely Kwan / 
Louis DeSieno 
0089222673 
MFR 
6003 Lexington Ave.. UM 
Angeks, CA 90038 
10/1/1137 
5503.000.00 
$740.000.03 
6/22/1307 Howard Nissamif 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00728391
--- PAGE 3 ---
EWB 
As of 07/116/09 
Loan Number 
Type 
Location 
Maturity Date Cmml (Intent Am1 
Outstanding 
Balance 
Original Loan 
Amount 
Appraisal Value 
Appraisal 
Date 
Contact Person 
Email Address 
C059218511 
MFR 
296E I I TI I STREET MERCED 
CA 95340 
5/112014 
5297.750.00 S 
397.000.03 
4/6/2004 Howard Nissen!( 
C089222671 
MFR 
3329. MERCED ST LOS 
ANGELES CA 90065 
12/111337 
5490.0 0.01 S 
700.000.00 
10119/1107 Howard Nissen!( 
0089221811 
MFR 
920S STREET SACRAMENTO 
CA 95810 
9/1/1336 
$400.000.00 S 
610.000.00 
7/220106 Howard Niosenof 1 / 
Dianna Lee 
C089220899 
MFR 
1619E EUREKA ST SAN 
BERNARDINO CA 92404 
10/1/2035 
51.314 
1.00 S 
1.900.000.00 
81342005 Howard Nissenof 1 
W89221691 
MFR 
r.41 EARL AVENUE LONG 
BEACH CA 90806 
9/1/2076 
$360.750.00 S 
555.000.00 
5/912006 Howard Nissenof I 
0089222607 
MFR 
1329E ADAMS BLVD LOS 
ANGELES CA 90011 
10/111:07 
5301.000.00 S 
500.000.00 
8/7/2007 Howard Nosenof 1 
0089221967 
MFR 
1451W COURT STREET LOS 
ANGELES CA 90026 
11/1/2036 
5364.000.00 S 
520.000.00 
9/13/sN06 Howard Nissenoff 
C089221580 
MFR 
26860 STATE HIGHWAY 189 
BLUE JAY CA 92391 
111112037 
5765.000.00 5 
1013.000.00 
9/19/2107 Howard Nosem•ff 
0089222237 
MFR 
12363 NAVAJO AVE APPLE 
VALLEY CA 92303 
51111:07 
5614.250.00 5 
945.00103 
3/22/1307 Howard Nissenoff 
0089222088 
MFR 
8117.5 WESTERN AVE.LOS 
ANGELES CA 90047 
1/1/2037 
5608000.00 5 
755.000.00 
I I/1611306 Howard Nissenat 
COS9222667 
MFR 
562 S. Ferns Ave.. Los Angeles. 
CA 90022 
12/1/1337 
5562.510.011 
5750.000.00 
9/14/1307 Howard Nissenoff 
C089222298 
MFR 
13873 83RD ST CALIKORNIA 
CITY CA 93505 
6/1/1337 
5356,000.005 
576.000.00 
425/1307 Howard Nissem)11 
C0000130615 
DM 
1040 N BUNDY DR. LOS 
ANGELES CA 90049 
2/1/N110 
55.625.000.015 
5.750.000.00 
6/1/2008 Howard Nissem)11 
tows* i 223 
CONS 
6615 ELDER ST. LOS 
ANGELES. CA 90042 
10/8/1109 
54.281.753.00 
54239.414.41 
510.179.000.00 
8/25/N105 Howard Nissenof 1 
inxiannos 
CONS 
10501 CI IARING CROSS RD. 
LOS ANGELES. CA 90024 
9/14/2009 
53.610.428.00 
53.567.119.87 
son000m 
12/8/N106 Howard Nissem•ff 
590100003229 
CONS 
100 HILGARD AVE LOS 
ANGELES. CA 91%124 
9/14/N109 
53.864.553.00 
53.820.834.62 
5,406.00.10 
12M/2006 Howard Nissenoff 
MC00331793 
LAND 
W. SANTA CLARA ST.. 
VENTURA. CA 93001 
6/260109 
51325.000.01 5 
2.650.000.01 
6/8/2006 Howard NIOCIIOU 
06000032708 
CONS 
1516 NORTH BEVERLY 
GLEN BLVD. LOS ANGELES. 
CA 90077 
4/24/1109 
5932.843.46 
5932.843.46 
52.706.000.06 
5/17/1307 Howard Nissan!! 
06000032373 
CONS 
1510 NORTH BEVERLY 
GI.EN BLVD. LOS ANGELES. 
CA 90077 
4/24/1109 
51,042,111.09 
51.042.111.09 
52.606.000.06 
5/17/1307 Howard Nissenoff 
06000032078 
CONS 
4025 & 4045 PALOS VERDES 
Si, LAS VEGAS, NV 89119 
1/12/N109 
522.385.000.00 520702.357.76 
540.700.000.00 
2/442007 Howard Nosem4f / 
Donald Chow 
01000078828 
CONS 
3429 W. OLYMPIC BLVD.. 
LA CA 90019 
10/1/1309 
513.170.00.00 511.9n.972.23 
21.310.000.06 
51542006 Philip Leung 
06000031736 
CONS 
1037 & 1043 FEDORA ST. 
LOS ANGELES CA 90006 
12/27/2019 
56.608000.00 
56,212,721.59 
58.710.000.06 
1/19/2107 Philip Leung 
00000032292 
CONS 
4727.4729 & 4733 E151WOO0 
AVE LOS ANGELES ('A 
90004 
10/19/2019 
56,980,000.00 
56,621530.08 
staso.000.co 
2128/1307 Philip Leung 
MC00332324 
CONS 
'016.1622ELMWOOD AVE 
LOS ANGEI.ES CA 90104 
925/109 
56.800.000.00 
55.297.983.74 
59.450.000.06 
5291307 Philip Leung 
06000032309 
06000031711 
CONS 
1138 SOUTH SERRANO 
AVE.. LOS ANGELES. CA 
90036 
7/100109 
52.817.343.98 
52.790.796.54 
56.015.000.W 
5/1/2007 Philip Leung 
— 
CONS 
974.976 & 980982 S.OXFORD 
AVE. LOS ANGELES.CA 
9006 
8/15/1109 
52.316,717-28 
52282.917.44 
514.256.000.00 
108/106 Philip Leung 
06000032925 
CONS 
134 S MANHATTAN PLACE
LOS ANGELES CA 90004 
11/1/1309 
53.020805.85 
53.420.805.85 
55.630.000.06 
9/2111307 Philip Leung 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00728392
--- PAGE 4 ---
EWB 
As of 0706119 
Loan Number 
Type 
Location 
Maturity Dale Cmml Current Ami 
Outsunding 
Balance 
Original Loan 
Amount 
Appraisal Value 
Appraisal 
Dale 
Conrad Person 
Email Address 
7I 00000032295 
CONS 
908-914 S ARDh10RE AVE. 
LOS ANGELES CA 90006  
7/25/1309 
57.039.101.00 
56.948347.26 
59350.000.03 
3/22/2007 Philip Leung 
00000031710 
CONS 
1026 & 1032 SOUTH 
OXFORD AVENUE. LOS 
ANGELES. CA 91006 
6/25VAI09 
57.210.652.28 
57.151350.26 
310.020.000.00 
6/1/2008 Philip Leung 
000000292111 
CRE 
2529 SOUTH SANTA FE 
AVENUE VERNON. CA 
90058 
1OV'317 
53.170.003.00 
SJ,b30.000.00 
3/12/1307 Sieve Chang. / 
Adam ("nowt; 
7400000078713 
SFR 
330 W 11TH ST 0106.1.05 
ANGELES. CA 91%115
Adam 
2/1/1311 
5659.250.00 
5880.000.00 
1/13/Al06 Steve Chang / 
Gower 
00000031654 
CONS 
326-332 S. OXFORD AVE. 
LOS ANGELES. CA 90020 
8/19/1309 
55.333.085.12 
55.333.085.12 
316.782.000.00 
4/28/Al06 Steve Chang/ 
Philip Leung 
000!1+1103336 
C & I 
2ND TD: 1828 S. WESTERN 
AVENUE. LOS ANGELES. 
CA 90006 
12/31/2C09 
51,000,000.00 
Sieve Clung/ 
Philip Leung 
7700000031696 
CONS 
981-987 ARAPAHOE ST.. LOS 
ANGELES CA 90006
Philip 
7/1/1309 
517.794.640.00 517380.780.69 
326.730.000.00 
9/14/A106 Sieve Chang/ 
Leung 
00000032384 
CONS 
2321 & 2315.2317 WEST 
10TH ST. LOS ANGELI:S. CA 
90006 
10/18/2009 
57.127.000.00 
55,952,913.06 
311.880.000.00 
2/28/1007 Sieve Chang/ 
Philip Leung 
00000078841 
LAND 
NWC OF CI IICAGO AVE & 
JOHN F. KENNEDY DR. 
RIVERSIDE. CA 92508 
4/1/1308 
5109(0.000.W 
313.560.000.00 
12/1/Al06 Sieve Clung 
90(0(029022 
CONS 
786-810E PICO & 895 14TH 
STREET. LOS ANGELES CA 
90021 
I/27/1310 
549.500.0110.00 $34.134.537.00 
72.870.000.00 
1011611306 Sieve Clung 
C0(0(032224 
CONS 
NWC ANN ROAD & 
HOLLYWOOD BLVD.. 
NORTH LAS VEGAS.NV 
89081 
6/30M109 
516.400.0a1.00 516.365.2A1.23 
525.41:0.000M 
I/15/1307 Vinceni Clan/ 
Donald Clow 
00000032437 
CRE 
PARCELS OF LAND. SUN 
VALLEY. CA 91352 
8/15M109 
55.100.000.00 5 
8560.000.00 
101 1/2007 Vincent Clan 
00000031688 
CONS 
SE CORNER OF OCEANSIDE 
BLVD & ARROYO 
AVEOCEANSIDECA92056 
7/1/A109 
511.000.000.00 $10.057.034.32 
16.5f:0.000AM 
112012006 Vincent Chan 
00000581271 
CONS 
1200 LUCRETIA AVE SAN 
JOSECA 95122 
10/1/2008 
51.541318.96 
51.541318.% 
53300.000.00 
8/15/1305 Vincent Chan 
00000581418 
CONS 
1000 PAVILION PARKWAY 
TRACY CA 94303 
iontaio8 
33.627.706.61 
53.680.010.00 
315.540.000.00 
3/1/2007 Vinceni Clan 
00000581651 
CONS 
27629-27801 DOBBEL 
AVENUE HAYWARDCA 
94544 
4/1/Al09 
51.357.310.84 
51.357310.84 
53.570.000.W 
4/301-Al07 Vinceni Clan 
00003800641 
I 
LAND
16275 
HILL CA 95037
CONDIT RD MORGAN 
10/1/1308 
$7(0.000.00 
513(0000.W 
6/30/2005 Vincent Clan 
Page 4 ohl 
EFTA00728393

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728394.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROMISSORY NOTE 
October 
2010 
£800,000.00BPS 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, GIUSEPPE CIPRIANI, having a business address at 10 
London Mews, London, W2, 1HY, United Kingdom ("Maker"), hereby promises to pay to the 
order of Jeffrey Epstein, having an address at  
("Payee") 
the principal amount of Eight Hundred Thousand British Pounds Sterling 
(£800,000.00) ("Principal Amount"), together with all other amounts due and owing hereunder 
(including all accrued interest thereon) on or before October 
2013 (the "Maturity Date"). 
I. 
Definitions. For purposes of this Note, the following capitalized terms have the 
following meaning: 
"Event of Default" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 8(a). 
"Interest Rate" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2(a). 
"Maker" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Preamble to this Note. 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Preamble to this Note. 
"Note" means this Promissory Note, as the same may be amended, supplemented, 
restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 
"Obligations" means all obligations of Maker howsoever created, arising or 
evidenced, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or now or hereafter existing, or due 
or to become due, which arise out of or in connection with this Note, including, without 
limitation, interest (including interest accruing subsequent to the filing of, or which would have 
accrued but for the filing of, a petition for bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding, 
whether or not allowed as a claim under such proceeding), fees and all reasonable costs incurred 
in connection with the enforcement of this Note (including amounts owing pursuant to Section 
6). 
"Payee" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Preamble to this Note. 
"Principal Amount" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Preamble to this 
Note. 
2. 
Payment of Interest. 
(a) 
Calculation. Interest shall accrue on the outstanding Principal Amount of 
this Note at a rate equal to Ten (10%) percent, per annum (the "Interest Rate") (computed on 
the basis of actual days elapsed and a year of 360 days). 
(b) 
Payment. 
Maker shall pay all outstanding amounts of the Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest on this Note on or before the Maturity Date. 
EFTA00728394
--- PAGE 2 ---
(c) 
Interest Limit. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the 
contrary, Payee does not intend to charge, and Maker shall not be required to pay, any interest or 
other fees or charges in excess of the maximum permitted by law. 
3. 
Pay ment of Principal. All Obligations shall become due and payable on the 
Maturity Date. 
4. 
Optional Prepayments. The principal amount of this Note, together with all 
accrued interest thereon calculated in accordance with Section 2(a), may be paid in whole or in 
part at any time prior to the Maturity Date without penalty. 
5. 
Events of Default. 
(a) 
Definition. For purposes of this Note, an "Event of Default" shall be 
deemed to have occurred if: 
(1) 
all or any part of the Obligations is not paid when and as the same 
shall become due and payable, within fourteen (14) days following Payee's notice to 
Maker that such payment is due; or 
(2) 
Maker makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or admits 
in writing his inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; or an order, 
judgment or decree is entered adjudicating Maker bankrupt or insolvent; or any order 
for relief with respect to Maker is entered under the Federal Bankruptcy Code; or Maker 
petitions or applies to any tribunal for the appointment of a custodian, trustee, receiver 
or liquidator of Maker, or of any substantial part of the assets of Maker, or commences 
any proceeding relating to Maker under any bankruptcy reorganization, arrangement, 
insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation law of any jurisdiction; or 
any such petition or application is filed, or any such proceeding is commenced, against 
Maker and either (A) Maker by any act indicates his approval thereof, consent thereto or 
acquiescence therein or (B) such petition, application or proceeding is not dismissed 
within sixty (60) days. 
6. 
Expenses. In furtherance of, and without limiting the effect of this Note: 
(a) 
Maker will, upon demand, pay to Payee the amount of any and all costs, 
internal charges and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), which Payee 
may incur in connection with 
(1) 
the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of Payee 
hereunder, and 
(2) 
the failure by Maker to perform or observe any of the provisions 
hereof. 
7. 
Lost, Stolen, Destroyed or Mutilated Notes. 
In case this Note shall be 
mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, Maker shall issue a new Note of like date, tenor and 
denomination and deliver the same in exchange and substitution for and upon surrender and 
cancellation of such mutilated Note. 
EFTA00728395
--- PAGE 3 ---
8. 
Amendments. Any amendments or changes to this Note must be in writing and 
cannot be changed orally. 
9. 
Cancellation. After all principal and accrued interest, and any other Obligations, 
at any time owed with respect to this Note has been indefeasibly paid in full, this Note shall 
promptly be surrendered to Maker for cancellation and shall not be reissued. 
10. 
Place of Payment. Payments of principal and interest are to be paid to Payee in 
lawful money of the United States by wire transfer in accordance with the following instructions: 
or to such other address or to the attention of such other person as specified by prior written 
notice to Maker. 
II. 
Notices. All notices and other communications provided for under this Note shall 
be in writing (including by facsimile) and addressed, delivered or transmitted to: 
Maker: 
Giuseppe Cipriani 
at the address set forth above 
With a copy to: 
Christy L. Reuter, Esq. 
Cipriani USA, Inc. 
110 E. 42nd Street 
New York, New York USA 10017 
Facsimile: 
Payee: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
With a copy to: 
Darren Indyke, Esq. 
EFTA00728396
--- PAGE 4 ---
12. 
Successors and Assigns. This Note shall inure to the benefit of and be binding 
upon the parties and their respective heirs, executors, successors and assigns. 
13. 
Governine Law. This Note will be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of New York, United States of America. 
14. 
Miscellaneous. Maker hereby agrees that this Note, or any payment hereunder, 
may be extended from time to time and that Payee may accept security for this Note or release 
security for this Note, all without in any way affecting the liability of Maker hereunder. 
[THE REMAINDER OF THE PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK - 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 
EFTA00728397
--- PAGE 5 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker has executed and delivered this Note on October 
2010. 
GIUSEPPE CIPRIANI 
EFTA00728398

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728399.pdf
----------------------------------------
Notes on Opportunities Dubai, UAE 
June 11-13 
• Oceana, The Palm Jumeirah 
• Ibn Battuta Gate ,Dubai 
• Royal Amwaj, The Palm Jumeirah 
(Loan using The Dukes in London and the W in Thailand as 
collateral) 
• Hotel Office Convention Center with limited return guarantee,Jeb 
Ali Free Zone 
• Credit Net Lease Warehouses , Jeb Ali Free Zone 
• Building 6 ,Burj Dubai Business Square 
• Building 24, Dubai Healthcare City 
• Phase II Healthcare Resort 
• Al Attar Business Tower .Sheik Zayed Road ,Dubai 
• Labor Camps ,Al Qouz ,Dubai 
• One and Only and Atlantis refinance 
Non Real Estate 
• GMR with DP World 
• Hedge Funds 
• Stock Exchange Index 
Ideas 
• China — Dubai 
• Virgin Resort Hotel 
• Hard Money Fund using Non Dubai assets as collateral 
• Grain Exchange 
• Private Bank for Chinese and Indians 
• Fund to provide construction finish money 
• Limited service hotels 
• Joint Venture with Abu Dhabi money 
• Harvard Hospital 
• Longevity Center 
EFTA00728399

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728400.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 10-CV-21586-ASG 
PODHURST ORSECK. 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
DEFENDANT'S NOTICE AND MOTION FOR LEAVE TO DEPOSIT FUNDS INTO THE 
REGISTRY OF THE COURT 
WITH INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, (hereinafter "Epstein") by and through his 
undersigned attorneys and pursuant to Federal Rule 67 and Local Rule 67.1, hereby 
files his Notice and Motion for Leave to Deposit Funds Into the Registry of the Court. In 
support, Epstein states as follows: 
1. On May 17, 2010, Plaintiff, Podhurst Orseck, P.A. ("Podhurst"), filed a Two Count 
Complaint against Epstein seeking money damages for Breach of Third Party 
Agreement (Count-I) and Breach of Covenant of Good Faith and Fair Dealing (Count —
II). DE 1. 
2. In the Complaint, Plaintiff claims money damages in excess of $2,000,000, which 
allegedly represents attorneys' fees and costs incurred by Podhurst in connection with 
its representation of certain individuals against Epstein and Epstein's alleged breach of 
that certain Non-Prosecution Agreement and Addendum thereto (the "NPA") attached to 
the Complaint. 
EFTA00728400
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
3. There is no question that Plaintiff seeks a money damages based upon its 
allegations of breach of contract throughout the Complaint, which allows a deposit 
under Fed. R. Civ. Pro. 67. 
4. Defendant is prepared to immediately pay any sums that this court deems are 
owed by Defendant to Plaintiff. However, Epstein reasonably and in good faith believes 
that all of the monies claimed by Podhurst are in fact not reasonably recoverable 
against Epstein as the same fall outside of his obligations under the NPA. 
5. Therefore, Defendant, by and through his undersigned attorneys, hereby moves 
the court, pursuant to Fed. R.. Civ. P. 67 and Local rule 67.1, for leave to deposit with 
the court the amount of $2,000,000, such being substantially all of the contested funds 
claimed under the Complaint (DE 1), on the grounds that no funds be released to 
Plaintiff until such time as an appropriate judicial decision is made regarding the claims 
asserted in this action and an appropriate order/judgment is entered by the court 
addressing same. 
6. Rule 67, Deposit into Court, provides as follows: 
(a) Depositing Property. If any part of the relief sought is a money 
judgment or the disposition of a sum of money or some other deliverable 
thing, a party--on notice to every other party and by leave of court--may 
deposit with the court all or part of the money or thing, whether or not that 
party claims any of it. The depositing party must deliver to the clerk a copy 
of the order permitting deposit. 
(b) Investing and Withdrawing Funds. Money paid into court under this 
rule must be deposited and withdrawn in accordance with 28 U.S.C. .$§ 
2041 and 2042 and any like statute. The money must be deposited in an 
interest-bearing account or invested in a court-approved, interest-bearing 
instrument. 
EFTA00728401
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
7. Epstein seeks an order from this Court permitting the deposit on the clerk of court 
in order to assure that the clerk knows what is being deposited and what the clerk's 
responsibilities are with respect to said deposit including, but not limited to, pending a 
determination of what amount deposited should be paid to Podhurst, in whole or in part, 
and/or whether a certain sum should be returned to Epstein. 
Once an order is so 
entered, Epstein, through his attorneys, will serve the order entered upon the clerk of 
court as required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 67 and Local Rule 67.1. 
8. Allowing such a deposit is permissible pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 67, and courts 
frequently require that the funds be so deposited so that it may be preserved. 
9. Notice has been given to all parties by virtue of the filing of this Motion. 
WHEREFORE, Epstein requests that the court enter an order granting Epstein 
leave to deposit the $2,000,000 into the Registry of the Court, and directing the clerk to 
accept same, advising the clerk of its responsibilities with respect to said deposit 
including, but not limited to, pending a determination of what amount deposited should 
be paid to Podhurst, in whole or in part, and/or whether a certain sum should be 
returned to Epstein after a final determination has been made, ordering that the clerk 
not release any funds until such time as an final order/judgment has been entered, and 
advising the clerk, if applicable, where to deposit said funds (i.e., with the Treasurer of 
the United States or a designated depositary in the name and to the credit of such 
court), and for such other and further relief as the court deems just and pr 
r. 
By:  /s/ Michael J. Pike 
ire 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
EFTA00728402
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being 
served this day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the 
manner specified by CM/ECF on this le day of May, 2010: 
Respectfully submitted, 
By:  /s/ Michael J. Pike 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Service List 
Steven C. Marks Es . (FBN 516414) 
Peter Prieto Es . FBN 501492 
ir
aial 
617113) 
PODHURST ORSECK, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
City National bank Building 
W. Flagler Street, Suite #800 
Miami, FL 33103 
Telephone-
Facsimile: 
EFTA00728403

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728404.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN 
THE 
CIRCUIT 
COURT 
OF 
THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
individually, and L.M., individually, 
Defendants. 
Complex Litigation, Fla. R. Civ. Pro.1201 
Case No. 50 2009CA040800XXXXMB AG 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE 
The undersigned attorney, Roy Black, Esquire of BLACK, SREBNICK, 
KORNSPAN & STUMPF, P.A., hereby files an appearance as counsel for Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN. 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was sent by fax and U.S. 
Mail to the following addressees on this 
MARC S. NURIK, ESQ. 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One East Broward Boulevard 
Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Fax 
Attorneys for Defendant Scott Rothstein 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart 
& Shipley, P.A 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
day of May, 2010: 
Gary M. Farmer, Jr., Esq. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos 
& Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
- Fax 
Attorneys for Defendant, L.M. 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
EFTA00728404
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein, et al. 
Page 2 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Attorneys for Defendant Bradley Edwards 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Fax: 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
BLACK, SREBNICK, KORNSPAN& STUMPF, P.A. 
201 South Biscayne Bay Blvd. 
Miami, FL 33131-4311 
Fax 
By: 
Roy Black, Esquire 
Florida Bar #126088 
(Counsel for Plaintiff, Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00728405

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728406.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728406.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
email: 
VIA EMAIL ( 
and Federal Express 
Juan Pablo Molyneux 
J.P. Molyneux Studio 
do Jay Goldberg, Esq. 
250 Park Avenue 
Suite 2020 
New York, New York 10177 
April 15, 2010 
Re: 
Agreement for Design Services dated May 15, 2009 
by and among Juan Pablo Molyneux, J.P. 
Molyneux Studio, Ltd., L.S.J., LLC and 
Jeffrey Epstein (the "Design Services Agreement") 
Gentlemen: 
Pursuant to Section 7 of the Design Services Agreement, this letter 
constitutes notice, on behalf of Mr. Epstein and L.S.J., LLC, of your numerous 
breaches of the Design Services Agreement. 
Pursuant to Section 5 of the Design Services Agreement, it is a material term 
of that Agreement that you were to furnish and cause to be properly installed and 
completed at the Office Pavilion by April 15, 2010 all of the items listed on Exhbit B 
to the Design Services Agreement and that the Office Pavillion was to be completed 
to Mr. Epstein's reasonable satisfaction by April 15, 2010. 
EFTA00728406
--- PAGE 2 ---
Through numerous telephonic communications, letters and emails dating 
back several months, we have informed you and your attorneys of substantial and 
serious failures by you to perform your obligations under the Design Services 
Agreement Most significantly, you were required to cause the cabinetry for the 
library of the Office Pavillion to be properly installed, restained, refinished and 
completed to Mr. Epstein's reasonable satisfaction. However, you failed to do so, 
even though Mr. Epstein agreed to extend the original January 1, 2010 completion 
deadline two times in order to provide you with ample time to perform your 
obligations. As you are aware, the last extension of that completion deadline under 
the Design Services Agreement expired today, April 15, 2010. As of today's date, 
despite our many requests for you to correct the multiple problems and deficiencies 
in the cabinetry, it remains in shoddy, defective and substandard condition. 
The cabinetry, invoiced at $780,000, was to be a custom built fine 
reproduction of the elegant antique cabinetry in the library of El Escorial in Spain. 
Mr. Epstein and you agreed on the cabinetry based, in part, on a rendering you 
provided to Mr. Epstein. As clearly indicated in the rendering, the cabinetry was to 
be darkly stained with a wax finish. In addition, as per your own design, real 
tortoise shell inlays were to be applied to the cabinetry, as well as elegant wood 
animal sculptures with an aged appearance. The cabinetry, as currently installed 
and presented to Mr. Epstein, does not conform to any of these requirements. Mr. 
Epstein properly rejected the cabinetry and has repeatedly requested that the 
installation, restaining and refinishing work on the cabinets be properly completed 
as required by the Design Services Agreement. 
Although this letter does not purport to provide an exhaustive list of the 
defects in the cabinetry, as we have repeatedly advised you (and indeed 
demonstrated by photographs sent to both you and your attorneys), in various 
places, the wood is blemished, pockmarked, rough, splintery and cracked. 
Decorative holes on the cabinetry are incompletely finished, unsanded and also 
splintery. Carpenters guides for those decorative holes remain evident on many 
cabinet pieces. Instead of elegant animal sculptures with an aged appearance, 
applied to the cabinets are rough and simplistic carvings appearing to have been 
newly applied. The hardware installed on the cabinetry is also defective; the marine 
fauna cabinet handles on the cabinets unscrew and come off when they are turned 
to open the cabinets. Your failure to correct these defects, despite our repeated 
demands for you to do so, represents a substantial breach of your obligations under 
the Design Services Agreement. 
In addition, we have recently learned that instead of real tortoise shell that 
was required to be applied to the cabinets, a thin cheap colored plastic veneer only 
simulating tortoise shell has been glued to the wood surface. 
Moreover, the cabinetry has not been restained and refinished as required by 
the Design Services Agreement Your self-serving claims that the color and finish of 
the cabinetry are adequate were obviously made in bad faith. As demonstrated by 
EFTA00728407
--- PAGE 3 ---
the photographs sent to you and your attorneys, the original finish with which the 
cabinetry was delivered is discolored, and unevenly and sloppily applied, creating 
an inconsistent, dirty and cheap appearance. The color of the cabinets is a light 
color totally contrary to the rendering provided by you and agreed to by Mr. 
Epstein, which shows the cabinets with a dark rich antique appearance. Though you 
have been advised of this problem for more than two years, and agreed to correct it 
as part of your obligations under the Design Services Agreement, you have done 
nothing to fix the problem in the 11 months that followed your execution of the 
Design Services Agreement To the contrary, despite Mr. Epstein's repeated 
requests for you to send dark stain samples with alternative finishes, you delayed 
sending Mr. Epstein any stain and finish samples for months. When you did send 
him those samples, you sent him only a few virtually indistinguishable light color 
stain samples with the same identical finish, knowing full well that such samples 
were not what Mr. Epstein requested and not what your agreement with Mr. Epstein 
required. 
In a feeble attempt to avoid liability for your anticipated failure to meet the 
then upcoming April 15 completion deadline, on or about March 22, 2010, you 
informed Mr. Epstein for the first time that the cabinetry could not be restained and 
refinished in time because ambient humidity levels in the Office Pavilion and the 
moisture content of the cabinetry exceeded certain requirements. Although it was 
your and your refinisher's obligation to inform Mr. Epstein's team of these 
requirements well in advance to ensure that proper conditions existed for the 
refinishing work required during your March trip, you did not do so until you 
actually arrived on the Island in March. You then left the Island without doing any 
refinishing work. Moreover, when Mr. Epstein demanded that you restain and 
refinish the cabinetry as you were required to do, you told Mr. Epstein that you 
would only do so if he gave you a release. 
In response to your highly unusual and suspicious demand for a release, Mr. 
Epstein engaged his own specialist to inspect the cabinetry and received a shocking 
report The real reason that the cabinets could not be restained and refinished was 
that the cabinets had been limed. This made it impossible for the lime-treated wood 
to accept a dark stain and wax finish. The cabinets must now be sanded and stripped 
completely, further worsening their already defective condition, with no reasonable 
likelihood that subsequent restaining and refinishing could achieve the required 
result You knew of this when you entered into the Design Services Agreement and 
concealed it from Mr. Epstein, knowing full well that it would be impossible to 
restain and refinish the cabinets as you agreed to do. Your delays, deception and 
other blatant misconduct represents not only a breach of your obligations to restain 
and refinish the cabinetry under the Design Services Agreement, but also a breach of 
your implied obligations of good faith and fair dealing under the Design Services 
Agreement 
There are numerous other defects in the quality, appearance, carpentry, 
stain and finish of the cabinets, but in sum, they are completely unacceptable, 
EFTA00728408
--- PAGE 4 ---
unsatisfactory and totally inconsistent with both your rendering and the level of 
quality and craftsmanship that should be inherent in custom built furniture invoiced 
at more than three quarters of a million dollars. 
In addition, you have failed to deliver by April 15, 2010 numerous other 
items and services required of you under Exhibit B to the Design Services 
Agreement, despite repeated demands for you to do so. You have failed to provide a 
reasonably acceptable design for the ceiling, the lighting and the flooring of the 
Office Pavilion. You have failed to deliver the guest desk chair for the library that 
you originally rendered to Mr. Epstein. Contemporary lamps required to be 
delivered by you pursuant to Exhibit B of the Design Services Agreement have not 
been delivered. The two celestial and terrestrial globes required to be delivered by 
you, though delivered, were not as originally rendered by you to Mr. Epstein and are 
also unacceptable. Mr. Epstein has made several demands for you to comply with 
your obligations to deliver these items, but you have refused to do so. 
Mr. Epstein has also made several requests for you to perform your 
obligations with respect to the side office of the Office Pavilion and you have refused 
to do that as well. Despite your obligation under the Design Services Agreement to 
complete the Office Pavilion to Mr. Epstein's reasonable satisfaction, the side office 
remains as nothing more than four blank walls. 
In addition, although Exhibit B requires you to provide, and we have 
repeatedly requested, all back-up documentation for the costs of your Exhibit B 
items and services, which you claimed to exceed $300,000, no such back-up 
documentation has been provided. This is itself a breach of the Design Services 
Agreement 
Based on the information we have gathered since entering into the Design 
Services Agreement and the repeated instances of your deceit, concealment, delays 
and obstruction, it is now evident that you entered into the Design Services 
Agreement in bad faith and never had any intention of fully honoring your 
contractual obligations. In fact, your serious misconduct against Mr. Epstein and 
L.S.J., LLC, not only constitute multiple breaches of your obligations to perform by 
the contractually required April 15, 2010 completion deadline, as well as your 
obligations of good faith and fair dealing, but they undermine the consideration and 
indeed the very reasons for which Mr. Epstein and L.S.J., LLC entered into both the 
Design Services Agreement and the Settlement Agreement with you in the first 
place. As a result, Mr. Epstein and L.S.J., LLC intend to pursue all available remedies 
against you. 
Pursuant to Section 7 of the Design Services Agreement, notice of your 
numerous breaches of the Design Services Agreement is hereby given. You have ten 
days within which to cure these breaches, failing which L.S.J., LLC and Mr. Epstein 
will commence action to pursue all claims against you, whether under the Design 
Services Agreement or otherwise. 
EFTA00728409
--- PAGE 5 ---
This letter is without prejudice to Mr. Epstein's and L.S.J., LLC's rights and 
claims against you, Fanceli and others, whether under the Design Services 
Agreement or otherwise. Nothing provided in this letter is intended to waive any 
such rights and claims, all of which are hereby expressly reserved. 
Sincerely, 
Darren K Indyke 
EFTA00728410

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728411.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
CASE NO.: 08-cv-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
EFTA00728411
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO.: 98-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80994-CIV-MA RRA/JOHNS()N 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08.80811-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
EFTA00728412
--- PAGE 3 ---
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
DOE II, 
CASE NO.: 09-80469-CIV-MARRA-JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 09-80591-CIV-MARRA-JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
CASE NO.: 09-80656-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorney will take the 
videotaped deposition of: 
EFTA00728413
--- PAGE 4 ---
DEPONENT 
do Searcy Denney Scarola 
Barnhart & Shipley P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
DATE & 
TIME 
August 14, 2009 
at 10:00 a.m. 
LOCATION OF 
DEPOSITION 
Burman Critton Luther 
Coleman LLC 
515 North Flagler Drive 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
upon oral examination, before U.S. Legal Support, a Notary Public, or any other officer 
authorized by law to take depositions in the State of Florida. The oral examination is 
being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for stet other purposes as are 
permitted under the applicable Statutes of Rules of Court. 
bit D. Critton, Jr. 
Attorney for Defendant Epstein 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing document is 
being served this day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List via 
e-mail and U.S. Mail on this 5th ay of AURUSt, 2009. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
Q.
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & 
COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Counsellor Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00728414
--- PAGE 5 ---
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRAJJOHNSON 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
Counsel for Plaintiffs 
in related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119, 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 
08-80994 
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
229010°  Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
561-582-7600 
Fax: 561-588-8819 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80811 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
561-686-6300 
Fax: 561-383-9424 
Counsel for Plaintiff... 
=Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-522-3456 
Fax: 954-527-8663 
ounse or 
amts in elated Case No. 
08-80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
0-course
 Doe 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datura Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561-832-7137 F 
!olal
li
se
or
i
tt
ut
eated Case No. 
08-80469 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
305 358-2800 
Fax: 305 358-2382 
EFTA00728415
--- PAGE 6 ---
2290 10th Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
561-582-7600 
Fax: 561-588-8819 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
No. 
o-coun
iMRL,•
na
ane Doe 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
561-686-6300 
Fax: 561-383-9424 
Counsel for Plaintiff, 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-202-6360 
Fax: 561-828-0983 
oun.
”RIMS 
Theodore J. Leopold, Esq. 
Spencer T. Kuvin, Esq. 
Leopold-Kuvin, P.A. 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
561-684-6500 
Fax: 561-515-2610 
Counsel for Plaintiff' in Related Case No. 
08-08804 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datura Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561-832-7137 F 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80469 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
305 358-2800 
Fax: 305 358-2382 
Counsel for Plaintiffs in Related Cases 
Nos. 09-80591 and 09-80656 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
I RPRIN 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00728416

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728417.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUPREME COURT FOR THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
AVA AKA MAXIMILIA CORDERO, 
Plaintiff, 
- against -
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, VICTORIA'S SECRET 
STORES BRAND MANAGEMENT, INC. 
AKA VICTORIA'S SECRET, LESLIE 
WEXNER, NINE EAST 71 STREET 
CORPORATION, JEFFREY EPSTEIN AND 
CO., 
Defendant. 
Index No.: 
113903-07 
I.A.S. PART: 19 
JUSTICE LEHNER 
NOTICE OF CHANGE OF ATTORNEY 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the attorney of record for Jeffrey Epstein, Nine East 71 
Street Corporation and Jeffrey Epstein and Co., the defendants, in the above entitled action, has 
been changed and that Ami Sheth of Kirland & Ellis LLP, with offices located at 153 East 53rd 
Street, New York, NY 10022, has been substituted as attorney for Jeffrey Epstein, Nine East 71 
Street Corporation and Jeffrey Epstein and Co., the defendants, and requests that all papers in 
this action be served upon her at the address below. 
Dated: May 8, 2009 
TO: 
Jacqueline Mari 
East 98th Street, 9D 
New York, NY 10029 
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Citigroup Center 
153 East 53rd Street 
New York, Nelli-4611 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attorneys for Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein, Nine East 71 Street 
Corporation, Jeffrey Epstein and Co. 
Attorney for Plaintiff Ava aka Maximilia Cordero 
EFTA00728417

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728418.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FORFALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.:502008CA005240>XXXHB 
CIVIL DIVISION: AB 
PLAINTIFF(S). 
DEFENDANT(B). 
MOTION. NOTICE AND ORDER OF DISMISSAL 
The Court finds that it appears on the face of the record that no activity by filing of pleadings, order of court 
or otherwise has occurred for a period of ten months Immediately preceding service of this notice, and no stay has 
been issued or approved by the Court. 
Pursuant to Rule 1.420(e), If no such record acUvity occurs within sixty (60) days following the service of 
this notice. and no stay Is Issued or approved during such sixty (60) day period, this action may be dismissed by 
the Court on its own motion unless a party showS good cause In wilting at least five (5) days before the hearing on 
the Court's motion. Therefore, it is 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: 
1. If no record activity occurs in the sixty (60) days immediately following service of this notice, and no stay 
has been issued or approved by the court, z If no good cause why the action should remain pending Is shown in 
writing at least five (5) days before the hearing scheduled below and filed In the action with the Clerk of Court. with 
a courtesy copy sent directly to the Judge's office, THIS ACTION SHALL STAND DISMISSED FOR LACK OF 
PROSECUTION WITHOUT FURTHER ORDER OF COURT on the date specified In paragraph 2, pursuant to Rule 
1.420(e), Florida Rules of Civil Procedure. 
2. If no record activity occurs gag good cause why the action should remain pending is filed within the time 
specified in paragraph 1, a hearing on the question shall be held on October 12, 2010 at 01:30 pm before Judge 
Donald Karel°, Courtroom 11B, Main Courthouse, 205 N. Dixie Hwy. West Palm Beach, Florida. 33401. 
There will 
be no further notice of this hearing. 
3. 
If record activity occurs during the sixty (60) days immediately following service of this notice, 
the Court will hold a status conference at the date end time as scheduled in paragraph 2. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County Florida this 03th day of August, 2010. 
•.c.3N.sit, a Milt: 
Vome.,-L 
t tarts: tort :sap 
Copy furnished by U.S. Mail to 
CIRCUIT JUDGE 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY, 673 W FAIR GROUNDS RD ,WEST PALM BEACH FL 33411 
NEW YORK W10065 
WILLITS. IOCHAFt0 H. 2243 
10TH AVE NSOITE404.LAKE WORTH FL 33461 
• 
EFTA00728418

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728419.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 267 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08)14/2009 
Page 1 of 3 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092, 
NOTICE OF FILING DECLARATIONS OF JANE DOE NO. 4 AND Y.B. IN FURTHER 
SUPPORT OF PLAINTIFFS' JANE DOES 2-7 MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
Plaintiffs, Jane Does 2-7, by and through their undersigned counsel, hereby file the 
attached Declarations of Jane Doe No. 4 and Y.B. in further support of Plaintiffs' Jane Does 2-7 
Motion for Protective Order (DE 226). 
Dated: August 14, 2009. 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
s/ Stuart S. Mermelstein 
Stuart S. Mermelstein (FL Bar No. 947245) 
Adam D. Horowitz (FL Bar No. 376980)
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, M. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami, Florida 33160 
Tel: 
Fax: 
I 
EFTA00728419
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 267 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08)1412009 
Page 2 of 3 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on August 14, 2009, I electronically filed the foregoing document 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being 
served this day to all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either via 
transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other authorized 
manner for those parties who are not authorized to receive electronically Notices of Electronic 
Filing. 
Is/ Stuart S. Mermelstein 
EFTA00728420
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 267 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/14/2009 
Page 3 of 3 
SERVICE LIST 
DOE vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger. Esq. 
Robert D. Critton. Esa. 
Bradley James Edwards 
Isidro Manuel Garcia 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell 
Richard Horace Willits 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
EFTA00728421

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728422.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728422.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 251 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08,0712009 
Page 1 of 5 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
EFTA00728422
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 251 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08,07'2009 
Page 2 of 5 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80994-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80993-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
C.M.A., 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80811 -MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al., 
Defendant. 
DOE H, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV- 80469-MARRA/JOHNSON 
EFTA00728423
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 251 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/07/2009 
Page 3 of 5 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al., 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80591-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
CASE NO.: 08- CV-80656-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE OF FILING DECLARATION OF JANE DOE NO. 7 IN FURTHER 
SUPPORT OF PLAINTIFFS' JANE DOES 2-7 MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
Plaintiffs, Jane Does 2-7, by and through their undersigned counsel, hereby file the 
attached Declaration of Jane Doe No. 7 in further support of Plaintiffs' Jane Does 2-7 Motion for 
Protective Order (DE 226). 
Dated: August 7, 2009. 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
s/ Stuart S. Mermelstein 
Stuart S. Merrnelstein (FL Bar No. 947245) 
Adam D. Horowitz (FL Bar No. 376980)
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, ■. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
EFTA00728424
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 251 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/07/2009 
Page 4 of 5 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami, Florida 33160 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on August 7, 2009, I electronically filed the foregoing document with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served 
this day to all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either via transmission 
of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for 
those parties who are not authorized to receive electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
Is/ Stuart S. Mermelstein 
EFTA00728425
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 251 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/07/2009 
Page 5 of 5 
SERVICE LIST 
DOE vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Robert D. Critton. Esq. 
Bradley James Edwards 
Isidro Manuel Garcia 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell 
Richard Horace Willits 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
EFTA00728426

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728427.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
NOTICE OF FILING AFFIDAVIT OF DR HALL CITED AS 
EXHIBIT "B" IN DE 273 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, hereby gives Notice of Filing Exhibit B, cited in 
Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's Response in Opposition to Defendant's Emergency 
Motion for Independent Examination of Plaintiff with Incorporated Memorandum of Law 
(DE 273) and in support thereof : 
1. 
Affidavit of Ryan C.W. Hall, M.D. (Exhibit B 
MICHAEL J. P 
ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617 96 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is 
EFTA00728427
--- PAGE 2 ---
being served this day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in 
the manner specified by CM/ECF on this if
 day of 
Respectfully s 
By: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
, 2009 
MICHAEL J PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER 
COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Stuart S. Mennelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mennelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
ounse 
s 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119, 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 
08-80994 
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fon Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-522-3456 
Fax: 954-527-8663 
elated Case No. 
08-80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
EFTA00728428
--- PAGE 3 ---
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
229010th Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
561-582-7600 
Fax: 561-588-8819 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80811 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & 
P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
561-686-6300 
Fax: 561-383-9424 
Counsel for Plaintiff,=. 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-202-6360 
Fax: 561-828-0983 
Counsel for Defendant 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
o-course
 Doe 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datum Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561-832-7137 F 
oun
ialIagu
l
inut. eated Case No. 
Shipley, 08-80469 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
305 358-2800 
Fax: 305 358-2382 
ounse 
'elated Cases 
Nos. 09-80591 and 09-80656 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
ounse RR! 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00728429

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728430.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728430.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JE1-1-REY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092, 
NOTICE OF ISSUANCE OF SUBPOENA FOR DOCUMENTS 
AND ELECTRONICALLY STORED INFORMATION 
Plaintiffs Jane Does 2-8, pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 45(b)(1), will serve the attached 
subpoena upon the person or entity listed below, who is not a party to this action, and who is to 
produce the items listed as specified in Schedule "A" of the subpoena: 
Records Custodian 
New York Strategy Group, LLC. 
1301 East 66th Street 
Suite 10F 
New York, NY 10065 
Dated: March 
2010 
Res. ctfully submitted, 
By: 
Jessica D iybour (FLBar Na 67885) 
ar No. 947245) 
Adam D. Horowitz (FL Bar No 376980)
EFTA00728430
--- PAGE 2 ---
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, M. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami, Florida 33160 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
WE HEREailly CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing has been sent via email 
transmission, this'
e  day of March, 2010 to the following: 
Robert D. Critton, Jr, Esq. 
Bradley James Edwards 
Isidro Manuel Garcia 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Katherine Warthen Ezell
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell 
Richard Horace Willits 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
EFTA00728431
--- PAGE 3 ---
AO 88B (Rev. 06/09) Subpoena to Produce Documents. Information. or Objects or to Permit Inspection of Premises in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of New York 
Jane Doe No. 2 
Plaintiff 
v. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Defendant 
Civil Action No. 
08-CV-80119-Marra/Johnson 
(If the action is pending in another district, state where: 
Southern District of Florida 
SUBPOENA TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS, INFORMATION, OR OBJECTS 
OR TO PERMIT INSPECTION OF PREMISES IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: Records Custodian, New York Strategy Group, LLC., 1301 East 66th Street, Suite 10F, New York, NY 10065 
Production: YOU ARE COMMANDED to produce at the time, date, and place set forth below the following 
documents, electronically stored information, or objects, and permit their inspection, copying, testing, or sampling of the 
material: 
See document request attached as Schedule A. 
Place: Veritext Corp 
1250 Broadway. Suite 2400 
New York, New York 10001 
Date and Time: 
04/19/2010 10:30 am 
Inspection of Premises: YOU ARE COMMANDED to permit entry onto the designated premises, land, or 
other property possessed or controlled by you at the time, date, and location set forth below, so that the requesting party 
may inspect, measure, survey, photograph, test, or sample the property or any designated object or operation on it. 
Place: 
Date and Time: 
The provisions of Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(c), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena, and Rule 
(d) and (e), relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so, are 
attached. 
Date: 
CLERK OF COURT 
OR 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
Attorney's signature 
The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing (name ofparty) 
Jane Doe No. 2 
 , who issues or requests this subpoena, are: 
Stuart Mermelstei 
' 
Jessica Arbour Mermeicte" 
' 
lvd., Suite 2218, 
Mi mi F 
EFTA00728432
--- PAGE 4 ---
AO 888 (Rev. 06/09) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information, or Objects or to Permit Inspection of Premises in a Civil Action (Page 2) 
Civil Action No. 08-CV-80119-Marra/Johnson 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 45.) 
This subpoena for (name of individual and tale, if any) 
Records Custodian, HBRK Associates, Inc., 
was received by me on (date) 
O I served the subpoena by delivering a copy to the named person as follows: 
on (date) 
; or 
O 1 returned the subpoena unexecuted because: 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
My fees are $ 
Date: 
for travel and $ 
for services, for a total of $ 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
0.00 
Server's signature 
Printed name and ark 
Server's address 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
EFTA00728433
--- PAGE 5 ---
AO 88B (Rev. 06/09) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information, or Objects or to Permit Inspection of Premises in a Civil Action(Page 3) 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 45 (c), (d), and (e) (Effective 12/1/07) 
(c) Protecting a Person Subject to a Subpoena. 
(I) Avoiding Undue Burden or Expense; Sanctions. A party or 
attorney responsible for issuing and serving a subpoena must take 
reasonable steps to avoid imposing undue burden or expense on a 
person subject to the subpoena. The issuing court must enforce this 
duty and impose an appropriate sanction — which may include lost 
earnings and reasonable attorney's fees — on a party or attorney 
who fails to comply. 
(2) Command to Produce Materials or Permit Inspection. 
(A) Appearance Not Required. A person commanded to produce 
documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things, or 
to permit the inspection of premises, need not appear in person at the 
place of production or inspection unless also commanded to appear 
for a deposition, hearing, or trial. 
(B) Objections. A person commanded to produce documents or 
tangible things or to permit inspection may serve on the party or 
attorney designated in the subpoena a written objection to 
inspecting, copying, testing or sampling any or all of the materials or 
to inspecting the premises 
or to producing electronically stored 
information in the form or forms requested. The objection must be 
served before the earlier of the time specified for compliance or 14 
days after the subpoena is served. If an objection is made, the 
following rules apply: 
(i) At any time, on notice to the commanded person, the serving 
party may move the issuing court for an order compelling production 
or inspection. 
(If) These acts may be required only as directed in the order, and 
the order must protect a person who is neither a party nor a party's 
officer from significant expense resulting from compliance. 
(3) Quashing or Modifying a Subpoena 
(A) When Required. On timely motion, the issuing court must 
quash or modify a subpoena that: 
(I) fails to allow a reasonable time to comply; 
(II) requires a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer 
to travel more than 100 miles from where that person resides, is 
employed, or regularly transacts business in person - except that, 
subject to Rule 45(c)(3)(3Xiii), the person may be commanded to 
attend a trial by traveling from any such place within the state where 
the trial is held; 
(ill) requires disclosure of privileged or other protected matter, if 
no exception or waiver applies; or 
(iv) subjects a person to undue burden. 
(B) When Permitted. To protect a person subject to or affected by 
a subpoena, the issuing court may, on motion, quash or modify the 
subpoena if it requires: 
(I) disclosing a trade secret or other confidential research, 
development, or commercial information; 
(ii) disclosing an unretained expert's opinion or information that 
does not describe specific occurrences in dispute and results from 
the expert's study that was not requested by a parry; or 
(iii) a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer to incur 
substantial expense to travel more than 100 miles to attend trial. 
(C) Specifying Conditions as an Alternative. In the circumstances 
described in Rule 45(cX3)(B), the court may, instead of quashing or 
modifying a subpoena, order appearance or production under 
specified conditions if the serving party: 
(I) shows a substantial need for the testimony or material that 
cannot be otherwise met without undue hardship; and 
(II) ensures that the subpoenaed person will be reasonably 
compensated. 
(d) Duties In Responding to a Subpoena. 
(I) Producing Documents or Electronically Stored Information. 
These procedures apply to producing documents or electronically 
stored information: 
(A) Documents. A person responding to a subpoena to produce 
documents must produce them as they are kept in the ordinary 
course of business or must organize and label them to correspond to 
the categories in the demand. 
(B) Form for Producing Electronically Stored Information Not 
Specified. If a subpoena does not specify a form for producing 
electronically stored information, the person responding must 
produce it in a form or forms in which it is ordinarily maintained or 
in a reasonably usable form or forms. 
(C) Electronically Stored Information Produced in Only One 
Form. The person responding need not produce the same 
electronically stored information in more than one form. 
(D) Inaccessible Electronically Stored Information. The person 
responding need not provide discovery of electronically stored 
information from sources that the person identifies as not reasonably 
accessible because of undue burden or cost. On motion to compel 
discovery or for a protective order, the person responding must show 
that the information is not reasonably accessible because of undue 
burden or cost. If that showing is made, the court may nonetheless 
order discovery from such sources if the requesting party shows 
good cause, considering the limitations of Rule 26(bX2RC). The 
court may specify conditions for the discovery. 
(2) Claiming Privilege or Protection. 
(A) Information Withheld. A person withholding subpoenaed 
information under a claim that it is privileged or subject to 
protection as trial-preparation material must: 
(I) expressly make the claim; and 
(II) describe the nature of the withheld documents, 
communications, or tangible things in a manner that, without 
revealing information itself privileged or protected, will enable the 
parties to assess the claim. 
(B) Information Produced. If information produced in response to a 
subpoena is subject to a claim of privilege or of protection as trial. 
preparation material, the person making the claim may notify any 
party that received the information of the claim and the basis for it. 
After being notified, a party must promptly return, sequester, or 
destroy the specified information and any copies it has; must not use 
or disclose the information until the claim is resolved; must take 
reasonable steps to retrieve the information if the party disclosed it 
before being notified; and may promptly present the information to 
the court under seal for a determination of the claim. The person 
who produced the information must preserve the information until 
the claim is resolved. 
(c) Contempt. The issuing court may hold in contempt a person 
who, having been served, fails without adequate excuse to obey the 
subpoena. A nonparty's failure to obey must be excused if the 
subpoena purports to require the nonparty to attend or produce at a 
place outside the limits of Rule 45(cX3)(A)(ii). 
EFTA00728434
--- PAGE 6 ---
SCHEDULE A 
DEFINITIONS 
1. 
All documents produced pursuant hereto are to be produced as they are kept in the 
usual course of business or shall be organized and labeled (without permanently marking the 
item produced) so as to correspond with the categories of each numbered request hereof. 
2. 
Each draft, final document, original, reproduction, and each signed and unsigned 
document and every additional copy of such document where such copy contains any 
commentary, note, notation or any change whatsoever that does not appear on the original or on 
the copy of the one document produced shall be deemed and considered to constitute a separate 
document. 
3. 
As used herein, the singular shall always include the plural, and the present tense 
shall always include the past tense. 
4. 
All references to any Person (as defined below) includes his/her/its employees, 
agents, servants, subsidiaries, parent company, affiliated company and any other person or entity 
or Representative (as defined below) acting or purporting to act on behalf or under his/her/its 
control. 
5. 
"You", "Your" refers to the Person (as defined below) to whom this request is 
addressed, including his/her/its employees, agents, servants, subsidiaries, parent company, 
affiliated company, and other persons acting or purporting to act on your behalf, including your 
representative. 
6. 
"Person" means any natural individual in any capacity whatsoever or any entity or 
organization, including divisions, departments, and other units herein, and shall include, but not 
be limited to, public or private corporations, partnerships, joint ventures, voluntary or 
EFTA00728435
--- PAGE 7 ---
unincorporated associations, organizations, proprietorships, trust, estates, governmental agencies, 
commissions, bureaus, or departments, and the agents, servants and employees of same. 
7. 
"Materials" shall mean all "Documents", "Writings", "Agreements", and 
Communications" as those terms are defined herein. 
8. 
As used herein, "and" as well as "or" shall be construed disjunctively and 
conjunctively in order to bring within the scope of this request all responses which might 
otherwise be construed to be outside its scope. 
9. 
"Document" shall mean letters, correspondence, memoranda, notes, opinions, 
work papers, charts, reports, ledgers, drawings, plans, specifications, schematics, blueprints, 
block diagrams, contracts or photographs, and shall include but shall not be limited to, any 
written, printed, typed or other graphic matter of any kind or nature, all mechanical, magnetic, 
and electronic sound recordings or transcripts thereof; any microfilm, microfiche, or other 
reproductions, and any data, information or statistics contained within any data storage modules, 
tapes, discs or other memory devices or other information retrieval storage systems (including 
computer-generated reports and printouts) in the possession and/or control of you and/or your 
counsel or agents, or known by you to exist. It shall also mean all drafts and/or copies of 
documents by whatever means made. 
10. 
The terms "related", "relating", "reflecting" and "in relation to" shall mean 
referring to, or having any relationship with whatsoever, or regarding or pertaining to, or 
comprising, or indicating, or constituting evidence of, in whole or in part. 
11. 
The term "communication" means any oral or written statement, dialogue, 
colloquy, discussion, or conversation, and also means any transfer of thoughts or ideas between 
persons by means of documents and includes any transfer of data from one location to another by 
EFTA00728436
--- PAGE 8 ---
electronic or similar means. 
12. 
The term "representative" means any and all agents, employees, servants, officers, 
directors, attorneys, or other persons acting or purporting to act on behalf of the person in 
question. 
13. 
The term "control" means in your possession custody or control or under your 
direction, and includes in the possession, custody or control of those under the direction of you 
or your employees, subordinates, counsel, accountant, consultant, expert, parent or affiliated 
corporation, and any person purporting to act on your behalf. 
14. 
The term "ownership" shall mean any interest whether owned or possessed, 
vested or contingent, partial or full, and whether title is held legally in your name, subsidiary, or 
other related company and shall include any beneficial interest. 
15. 
The term "statement" shall mean a written statement, signed or otherwise adopted 
or approved by the person making it, or a stenographic, mechanical, electrical, or other 
recording, or a transcription thereof, which is substantially a verbatim recital or an oral statement 
by the person making it and contemporaneously recorded. 
16. 
Privilege. If any document would be required to be produced in response to any 
request except for the fact that a privilege against production is claimed, set forth for each 
document: 
a. 
its date, title of document (e.g., letter), and length; 
b. 
its writer, preparer, sender, and addressee or copies; 
c. 
a general description of its subject matter; 
d. 
the exact grounds on which the objection to production is based; 
e. 
the identity of all persons, in addition to those identified as required by section 
EFTA00728437
--- PAGE 9 ---
(b), supra, known to you who have seen or had access to the document; and 
f. 
identify the person now in possession of the document. 
17. 
Documents no longer in existence or no longer under possession, custody or 
control. If any document requested herein was at one time in existence and under your 
possession, custody or control but has been lost, discarded or destroyed or has been removed 
from your possession, custody or control, with respect to each such document: 
a. 
identify and describe such document by date, title and type of document; 
b. 
state when each such document was most recently in the possession or subject of 
your control and what disposition was made of such document, including an 
identification of the person, if any presently in possession or control of such 
document; 
c. 
state when such document was transferred or destroyed, identify the person who 
transferred or destroyed such document and the persons who authorized or 
directed that the document be transferred or destroyed or having knowledge of its 
transfer or destruction and state the reason such document was transferred or 
destroyed; and 
d. 
identify all persons having knowledge of the contents thereof. 
IS. 
Unless otherwise specified, the time period of these requests is 2001-present. 
EFTA00728438
--- PAGE 10 ---
REQUESTED DOCUMENTS 
1. 
All documents referring or relating to the ownership, management or operation of 
the following properties: 
a. 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida; 
b. 9 E. 71st Street, New York, NY; 
c. 49 Zorro Ranch Road, Stanley, NM 
d. 301 E. 66th Street, New York, NY 
e. property known as "Little St. James," located in the U.S. Virgin Islands; 
f. property located in the Westminster neighborhood in London, England; 
g. property located on the Avenue Foch in Paris, France; 
h. any other properties in which New York Strategy Group, LLC, has an ownership 
or operating interest. 
2. 
All documents referring to or relating to persons employed by New York Strategy 
Group, LLC, who performed any work or services, including without limitation, Jeffrey E. 
Epstein. 
3. 
All documents stating or reflecting the equity ownership of New York Strategy 
Group, LLC, including without limitation shareholder agreements and corporate books and 
records. 
4. 
All documents referring or relating to transfers or exchanges of property 
involving or concerning Jeffrey Epstein and New York Strategy Group, LLC. 
5. 
All documents identifying the board of directors of New York Strategy Group, 
LLC. 
EFTA00728439
--- PAGE 11 ---
6. 
All documents referring or relating to work or services performed for, on behalf 
of, or at the direction of Jeffrey Epstein. 
7. 
All documents referring or relating to any interests in property held or used, in 
whole or in part, for the benefit of Jeffrey Epstein, including without limitation, real property, 
aircraft, vehicles and accounts. 
8. 
All documents identifying the corporate officers of New York Strategy Group, 
LLC. 
9. 
All financial statements of New York Strategy Group, LLC, for any period of 
time from 2005 to present, including without limitation, any and all balance sheets, income 
statements, cash flow statements, statements of changes in financial position, credit applications 
and statements of net worth. 
10. 
All documents referring or relating to any ownership interest in real property of 
New York Strategy Group, LLC, including without limitation, lists of property addresses and 
appraisals. 
11. 
All documents referring or relating to any business or transaction involving 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
12. 
All documents referring or relating to contracts or agreements between or among 
you and Jeffrey Epstein. 
13. 
All documents referring or relating to transfers of property or interests in property 
to or from Jeffrey Epstein. 
14. 
All documents referring or relating to any ownership interest in property of 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
EFTA00728440

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728441.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728441.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
x 
IN RE APPLICATION FOR CPLR 3102(E) ORDER 
Index No. 
TO PRODUCE TAPE RECORDING 
x 
NOTICE OF MOTION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that upon the annexed Affidavit of Bradley James 
Edwards dated September 14, 2010, the Affidavit of Michael Fisten dated September 14, 
2010, the Affirmation of Robert Y. Lewis dated September 15, 2010, the accompanying 
Memorandum of Law and all exhibits attached thereto, Bradley James Edwards, as 
defendant and counterclaimant in the underlying Florida action, and Freeman Lewis LLP 
as his New York counsel will move this Court in the Motion Submissions Part Room 
130, 60 Centre Street at 9:30 am. on October 29, 2010, or as soon thereafter as the matter 
can be heard, for an order pursuant to CPLR 3102(e) compelling a Daily News custodian 
of records to appear for a deposition duces tecum, and at said deposition to produce a 
certain audio tape in Daily News, L.P.'s custody and control of a conversation between 
George Rush, one of its reporters, and Jeffrey Epstein, and granting such other relief as 
the Court deems just. 
EFTA00728441
--- PAGE 2 ---
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that pursuant to CPLR 2214(b) any 
answering papers shall be served on counsel for Applicant on or before October 18, 2010. 
Dated: September 15, 2010 
New York, New York 
FREEMAN LEWIS LLP 
By: 
Robert Y. Lewis 
228 East 45th Street 
17th Floor 
New York, New York 10017 
Tel. (212) 980-4084 
Fax: 212 980-4055 
PAUL G. CASSELL, ESQ. 
(Mo 
Pro Hac Vice 
Admission Pending) 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, Utah 84112 
Tel.: 
801-585-5202 
Fax: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail 
Counsel for Bradley James Edwards 
EFTA00728442
--- PAGE 3 ---
LEWIS AFF. 
EFTA00728443
--- PAGE 4 ---
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
IN RE APPLICATION FOR CPLR 3102(E) 
ORDER TO PRODUCE TAPE 
RECORDING 
Index No. 
AFFIRMATION OF ROBERT Y. LEWIS IN SUPPORT OF MOTION FOR CPLR 
3102(E) ORDER TO PRODUCE TAPE RECORDING 
Robert Y. Lewis affirms, under penalty of perjury, as follows: 
1. 
I am an attorney admitted to practice law in the State of New York and a 
founding member of the law firm Freeman Lewis LLP, with offices at 228 East 45th
Street, in Manhattan, New York. I submit this Affirmation in support of motion for an 
order pursuant to CPLR 3102(e) for production of a certain tape recording of an interview 
by George Rush, a Daily News reporter, of Jeffrey Epstein, a party to an action pending 
in Florida, for use in that Florida action. I attach as Exhibit #1 a true and correct copy of 
the Florida Commission for such an order, and as Exhibit #2 a proposed order pursuant to 
CPLR 3I02(e). Except where otherwise noted, my Affirmation is based on the Affidavits 
of Bradley James Edwards and Michael Fisten, both dated September 14, 2010, as well as 
a review of the files and records in an earlier proceeding for production of the recording 
in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York. 
2. The Court should issue the order for the production of the recording pursuant 
to CPLR 3102(e) because (i) a Florida Court has issued an order for the appointment of a 
Commissioner in New York to procure the tape; (ii) the tape's contents falls easily within 
the issues in the Florida action; and (iii) production of the tape does not infringe any 
fundamental rights of the Daily News. 
EFTA00728444
--- PAGE 5 ---
The Lawsuits in Florida. 
2. Several years ago, Jeffrey Epstein pleaded guilty in Florida to procuring sex 
from a minor and soliciting prostitution in Florida. Subsequently, Bradley James 
Edwards, a Florida lawyer, brought civil actions on behalf of several girls alleging 
molestation by Epstein while they were minors. Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein, (08-
80893)(United States District Court, S.D. Fl.); 
E
v. Jeffrey Epstein (Case No. 
502008CA028051XXXXMBAB)[Florida Circuit Court, 15th Judicial Circuit); 
v. 
Jeffrey Epstein (Case No. 502008CA028058XXXXMBAB)(Florida Circuit Court, 15h
Judicial Circuit). 
3. In December 2009, Epstein brought a vendetta lawsuit against Edwards and 
others alleging abuse of process in connection with those civil actions. Jeffrey Epstein v. 
Bradley Edwards, et al. (Case No: 502009CA040800XXXMBAGXFlorida Circuit Court, 
15th Judicial Circuit). Edwards has counterclaimed, alleging malicious prosecution arid 
seeking actual and punitive damages. It is for use in this Epstein v. Edwards lawsuit that 
the tape is now being sought. 
Epstein's Efforts to Shield Evidence of His Molestation and Lack of Remorse 
4. In all of these proceedings, Epstein has blocked all substantive 
discovery against him about his sexual abuse of the plaintiff-victims and other young 
girls by, among other means, invoking his Fifth Amendment to remain silent — thereby 
functionally denying the allegations that the girls made. (The details of Epstein's efforts 
to block discovery concerning his molestation are detailed in the accompanying Affidavit 
of Bradley James Edwards dated September 14, 2010). As a result, the girls (represented 
by Edwards) and Edwards in his own case has been unable to obtain any admission from 
EFTA00728445
--- PAGE 6 ---
Epstein that he sexually abused the girls while they were minors. The girls and Edwards 
were also unable to obtain any evidence to prove Epstein's lack of remorse for this abuse, 
a showing critical for securing substantial punitive damages. 
The Daily News' Recorded Interview of Epstein Concerning His Molestation 
5. In the fall of 2009, Michael Fisten, an investigator working for 
Edwards, heard from an author that Daily News reporter George Rush had made a tape 
recording of Epstein discussing the sexual abuse of minor girls. The author told Fisten 
that Rush had played the tape for her and two other persons. The author concluded: 
"You've got to get that tape." Fisten then called Rush. Rush described the tape at great 
length to Fisten, including damning admissions made by Epstein. Rush also later called 
Brad Edwards and again described the salient parts of the tape — including statements by 
Epstein about "coming close to crossing a line" concerning sex with underage girls, while 
blaming them for the abuse.' 
The New York Federal Court's Order for Production of the Recording 
6. Earlier this year, one of Edwards' clients -- Jane Doe -- filed a proper 
subpoena for the tape in the U.S. District Court for the South District of New York. In 
June 2010, the District Court (McKenna, J.,) denied the Daily News' motion to quash the 
subpoena, finding that in view of its importance, the tape was properly discoverable 
despite the claim of journalist privilege. (Judge McKenna's Order attached hereto as Ex. 
5). 
The details of the Fisten conversation with Rush about his taped conversation with 
Epstein are set forth in the accompanying Affidavit of Michael Fisten. Additional 
information is provided by Rush in a Declaration he submitted in connection with the 
federal proceeding in which the court ordered production by the Daily News of the 
recording. I attach the Rush declaration hereto as Ex. 3. 
EFTA00728446
--- PAGE 7 ---
7. The Daily News then took an appeal to the Second Circuit. While the appeal 
was pending, however, the underlying civil suits by the three girls settled, leading to an 
automatic vacation of the district court ruling. (Second Circuit Order attached hereto as 
Ex. 4). 
The Florida Order for Appointment of Commissioner to Procure the Recording 
8. Edwards and Epstein, however, continue to be in litigation on these 
issues. Accordingly, on August 3, 2010, Edwards obtained an order from a Florida Court 
for appointment of a Commissioner in New York to procure the tape. (Ex. 1). The 
Daily News, however, has told counsel for Edwards that it will refuse — once again -- to 
comply with a subpoena for the tape. 
9. As detailed in the Affidavit of Bradley James Edwards, Michel Fisten 
and the Memorandum of Law submitted in support of an order to enforce the requested 
subpoena, the Daily News cannot carry its burden of showing proper justification for 
producing the tape for two simple reasons. 
10. First, the Daily News' reporter, George Rush, has waived whatever 
privilege might attach to the recording by playing a significant portion of the recording to 
three people and describing the recording in detail to two other persons — attorney Brad 
Edwards and private investigator Michael Fisten. Accordingly, any privilege has now 
been obviously waived. See N.Y. Civil Rights Law CRL § 79-h(g) (reporter privilege 
waived through voluntary disclosure of information). 
11. Second, even if the material could somehow be viewed as being 
protected by a journalist's privilege, the privilege would be only a qualified one. The 
reporter's privilege in this state can be overcome by a showing that the materials at issue 
EFTA00728447
--- PAGE 8 ---
are highly relevant, critical or necessary to the maintenance of a party's claim, and not 
obtainable from any alternative source. Brad Edwards easily meets this test. He can 
show that the tape is in fact highly relevant and critical to the maintenance of his claims. 
Indeed, Judge McKenna, in ordering production, has already found that the evidence was 
relevant to one of the girl's (Jane Doe's) claims. In view of Epstein's invocations of the 
Fifth Amendment — both during past discovery and his promised invocation during the 
upcoming trial — the tape recording is Edwards' only opportunity to place Epstein's own 
words before the jury. Moreover, the record is a uniquely important piece of evidence, 
because no other recording of Epstein discussing the sexual abuse exists. Edwards can 
thus easily overcome any claim of privilege by the Daily News. 
12. For the foregoing reasons, as well as those set forth in the Affidavits 
of Bradley James Edwards and Michael Fisten, and the accompanying Memorandum of 
Law, Affirmant requests that the Court issue an order pursuant to CPLR 3102(e) for 
production of the Recording. 
New York, New York 
September 15, 2010 
ROBERT Y. LEWIS 
EFTA00728448
--- PAGE 9 ---
EXHIBIT 1 
EFTA00728449
--- PAGE 10 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 502009CA040800X)MMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually. 
BRALacpY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
and M., individually, 
Defendants. 
17:3; t 
—CA 
c->"5-7, 
cn. 
% 
t
Cn 
-2
°
 ! C' 
(n 
• • 
rn
ORDER ON DEFENDANT'S MOTION TO APPOINT COMMISSIONER 
r - 
THIS CAUSE, having come on before the Court upon Defendant Bradley J. 
Edwards's Motion to Appoint Commissioner, and the Court having heard argument of 
counsel, and being otherwise duly advised in the premises, it is, 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED that said Motion be and the same is hereby granted. A 
commissioner shall be appointed in New York for the purpose of taking the deposition duce 
tecum of the Records Custodian of The New York Daily News. Said commissioner to be: 
Metro Attorney Service, Inc., 305 Broadway, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10007. 
DONE and ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Florida, this  
 .ay of 
_ 
, 2010. 
CIRCUI 
cc: 
Jack 
. 
„a,PANitteach Lakes Blvd, West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Robert D. ritton, Jr., 303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Gary M. Farmer, Jr 425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., 250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400, WPB, FL 33401 
EFTA00728450
--- PAGE 11 ---
EXHIBIT 2 
EFTA00728451
--- PAGE 12 ---
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
x 
IN RE APPLICATION FOR CPLR 3102(E) ORDER 
ORDER 
TO PRODUCE TAPE RECORDING 
Pursuant to CPLR 3102(e) 
Index No. 
x 
An Application having been made by Petitioner Freeman Lewis LLP for the 
purpose of taking the deposition duces tecum of the Records Custodian of the New York 
Daily News pursuant to a commission issued by the Circuit Court of the 15th Judicial 
Circuit In and For Palm Beach County, Florida for use in the case of Jeffrey Epstein v. 
Bradley Edwards, et al. (Case NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG); and upon reading 
the Affirmation of Robert Y. Lewis dated September 15, 2010, the Affidavits of Bradley 
James Edwards and Michael Fisten both dated September 14, 2010, the Memorandum of 
Law dated September 16, 2010, and all the exhibits attached thereto, and it appearing 
therefrom that the taking of the deposition of the Records Custodian of the New York 
Daily News is necessary and proper, IT IS HEREBY 
ORDERED: that pursuant to CPLR 3102(e) the Records Custodian of the New 
York Daily News is directed to appear at the offices of Freeman Lewis LLP at 228, East 
45th Street, 17th Floor, New York, New York 10017 on 
, 2010 at 10:00 
a.m. or at such other time and place as the parties might agree, and to produce at that 
place and time the audio tape recording of the conversation between Daily News reporter 
George Rush and Jeffrey Epstein recorded in November 18, 2009. And it is further 
EFTA00728452
--- PAGE 13 ---
ORDERED: that service of a copy of this Order shall be made upon counsel for 
the New York Daily News on or before 
Dated: 
ENTER: 
J.S.C. 
EFTA00728453
--- PAGE 14 ---
EXHIBIT 3 
EFTA00728454
--- PAGE 15 ---
A-108 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
x 
IN RE APPLICATION TO QUASH 
SUBPOENAS TO DAILY NEWS, L.P., 
AND GEORGE RUSH 
• 
No. 10 M8-85 (LAK) 
AFFIDAVIT OF GEORGE RUSH 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
) ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) 
GEORGE RUSH, being duly sworn, deposes and says: 
1. 
I am a reporter for the New York Daily News arid co-writer with my wife, Joanna 
Molloy, of the News' weekly gossip column, Rush & Molloy. 
2. 
In the fall of last year, I began to follow as a reporter developments in the evol-
ving scandal surrounding Jeffrey Epstein, including the institution of a large number of civil suits 
againSt him by young women who claimed that he had sexually molested them over a period of 
years when they were in their mid-teens, the mushrooming of the scandal to touch other indivi-
duals who had long been associated with him, the continued ferment in Palm Beach over his 
lurid criminal case, the controversy over a recently-unsealed Non-Prosecution Agreement he had 
entered into with the U.S. Attorney's office, and the arrest of a prominent south Florida attorney 
who was accused of defrauding investors by inducing them to put money into a fictitious fund 
supposedly backed by a pool of hundreds of millions of dollars put up by Epstein to finance 
settlements with the young women who were suing him. 
3. 
Over time, I began to develop contacts among lawyers, residents of Palm Beach, 
and others close to the case or to major figures in the case who could provide tips, leads and 
EFTA00728455
--- PAGE 16 ---
A-109 
information to assist in my reporting. 
4. 
I eventually was able to arrange a telephone interview with Epstein himself about 
the status of the civil cases against him and other matters, which took place on November 18, 
2009. To the best of my knowledge, he was in Palm Beach.. One of my editorial colleagues and 
I were at the Daily News offices in New York. 
5. 
Epstein said at the beginning of the conversation that it was off-the-record and we 
agreed. I understood that to mean that the contents of the call, though not the fact of it, were to 
be treated as confidential and not to be published. My colleague and I listened and spoke to 
Epstein through a speaker phone. I put a small digital recorder on the desk next to the phone and 
recorded the conversation as an aid for my own memory. The interview lasted for approximately 
minutes. 
6. 
Several days later, I met with three individuals who were very familiar with the 
intricacies of the Epstein case and had already provided me with leads, research and information 
about it. One was a filmmaker and journalist who was investigating child sex trafficking, one an 
activist with an intense interest in the social policy issues raised by the Epstein case; and the 
third an attorney who had been following the case closely and introduced me to the other two 
sources. They were all valuable news sources whom I considered well worth cultivating as such. 
As part of an exchange of information, and under an agreement of strict secrecy, I played for 
them a segment of the recording, starting at the very beginning and lasting approximately three 
to four minutes. 
7. 
Bradley Edwards, the attorney for the Jane Doe plaintiff in whose case this sub-
poena has been issued (and who, as I understand it, also represents at least two other Jane Does 
suing Epstein) was also a source for my newsgathering on this story. By late 2009 he and I were 
speaking about the Epstein cases by telephone on a fairly regular basis, and I regarded him, as 
- 2 - 
EFTA00728456
--- PAGE 17 ---
A-110 
well, as a valuable source. Initially, I used some information I heard in my interview of Epstein 
as a basis for questions to him. I told him at a later point that I had interviewed Epstein, and as 
part of an exchange of information with him, apprised him of a development in one of the Jane 
Doe cases that Epstein had related to during the interview. 
8. 
In a later call, Edwards asked me for a copy of the Epstein interview recording. I 
declined, telling him that the interview had been off the record and that, in any case, nothing had 
been said during it that would be of help to his clients. I gave Edwards a one or two word cha-
racterization of what I perceived to be Epstein's overall stance and repeated to him one sentence 
from the interview — both of which I believed made the point that there was nothing there for 
him or his client. It was my impression that Edwards accepted me at my word, and I didn't 
expect to hear any more about it. Finding out about the subpoena months later was a surprise. 
9. 
I have not revealed any part of the contents of the Epstein interview to anyone 
other than the individuals I have described here, except for Anne Carroll, the attorney represent-
ting me in this proceeding. 
Sworn to before me this 
6ri-  day of April, 2010 
Notalyr Public 
COMA Al nrcIMAN
NOTARY PUBLIC, sale d Now Wk 
No. 31-5078416 
Oared In New'tt Canty 
Cat 
Expires astattat 
tolx4-0( 
- 3 - 
Gfio GE RUSH 
EFTA00728457
--- PAGE 18 ---
EXHIBIT 4 
EFTA00728458
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case: 10-2573 Document: 34 Page: 1 07/28/2010 78000 1 
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS 
FOR THE 
SECOND CIRCUIT 
At a Stated Term of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, held at the 
Daniel Patrick Moynihan United States Courthouse, 500 Pearl Street, in the City of New York, 
on the 28i° day of July, two thousand and ten. 
Before: 
Dennis Jacobs, 
Chief Judge. 
In Re: Application to Quash Subpoenas to Daily News, 
L.P., and George Rush 
Daily News, L.P., George Rush, 
v. 
Jane Doe, 
Movants-Appellants, 
Real Party in Interest-Appellee. 
AMENDED ORDER 
Docket No. 10-2438 (L) 
10-2573 (con) 
IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the motion by Appellants Daily News L.P. and George 
Rush to d ism i ss the consolidated appeals as moot and to vacate the district court orders of May 21,2010 
and June 25, 2010 is GRANTED. 
FOR THE COURT, 
Catherine O'Hagan Wolfe, 
Clerk 
Joy Fallek, Administrative Attorney 
EFTA00728459
--- PAGE 20 ---
EXHIBIT 5 
EFTA00728460
--- PAGE 21 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
IN RE APPLICATION TO QUASH 
SUBPOENAS TO DAILY NEWS, L.P., 
AND GEORGE RUSH 
McKENNA, D.J., 
M8-85 
MEMORANDUM AND ORDER 
1. 
Daily News, L.P., the publisher of the Daily News, and 
George Rush, a Daily News reporter, move, pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 45(c) (3)(A) (iii), for an order quashing subpoenas issued by 
counsel for the plaintiff in an action pending in the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of Florida entitled Jane 
Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein (08 Civ. 80893 KAM), in which the plaintiff 
seeks to recover damages arising out of the defendant's alleged 
sexual abuse of her when she was a minor. The subpoenas seek the 
production of "(a)11 taped conversations between George Rush and 
Jeffrey Edward Epstein, including telephone recordings, all emails 
to and from Jeffrey Edward Epstein or someone representing 
themselves to be Jeffrey Epstein," and the testimony of George Rush 
and Anne B. Carroll, a Vice President and General Counsel of Daily 
News, L.P. (Carroll Decl., Apr. 7, 2010, Exs. A & B.) In the 
alternative, the subpoenaed parties seek a protective order barring 
disclosure under Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(c). 
CCP:ES NV:LED-IQ COUNSEL 1 8 
2618 
EFTA00728461
--- PAGE 22 ---
2. 
The subpoenaed parties base their motion on "the 
qualified reporter's privilege accorded by the First Amendment to 
the United States Constitution and federal common law." (Revised 
Notice of Mot., Apr. 12, 2010, at 1.) 
3. 
Mr. Rush states that he (with his wife) is a weekly 
columnist in the Daily News, that in the fall of 2009 he began to 
follow criminal and civil legal proceedings in Florida relating to 
Mr. Epstein (Rush Aff., Apr. 6, 2010 [Carroll Decl., Apr. 7, 2010, 
Ex. G] II 1-2), and that in November of 2009 he was able to arrange 
a telephone interview of Mr. Epstein (who was apparently in 
Florida) from the New York City office of the Daily News. 
(Id. 
4.) Mr. Rush made a recording of the conversation (which lasted 
about 22 minutes) and a transcription thereof, both of which have 
been submitted to the Court for in camera inspection. 
Mr. Rush 
advised counsel for the plaintiff in Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
that he had interviewed Mr. Epstein (id, I 7) and declined to give 
counsel a copy of the interview recording. (Id. I 8.) Mr. Rush 
subsequently corrected the date of the interview to "prior to 
October 22, 2009." (Rush Supp. Aff., Apr. 30, 2010 [Carroll Reply 
Decl., May 3, 2010, Ex. C] I 2.) 
At the outset of the interview, Mr Epstein said that it 
was off-the-record, and Mr. Rush agreed. (Rush Aff., Apr. 6, 2010 
EFTA00728462
--- PAGE 23 ---
5.) Several days after the interview, Mr. Rush played a three or 
four minute segment of the recording to three persons whom he 
regarded as valuable news sources, under an agreement of strict 
secrecy. (.11, '1 6.) On an occasion after he first told counsel 
for Jane Doe that he had interviewed Mr. Epstein, Mr. Rush gave him 
"a one or two word characterization of what (he) perceived to be 
Epstein's overall stance and repeated to him one sentence from the 
interview -- both of which (he) believed made the point that there 
was nothing there for (counsel] or his client." (Id.. 1 8.) 
Mr. Rush also, on October 22, 2009, spoke with Michael 
Fisten, an investigator for counsel to Jane Doe, who had heard from 
a third party about Mr. Rush's interview of Mr. Epstein. (Fisten 
Aff., Apr. 23, 2010 [Real Party in Interest Jane Doe's Resp. in 
Opp'n to Mot. of Daily News, L.P., to Quash Subpoena, Ex. B] 1 3.) 
Mr. Rush paraphrased the interview relatively thoroughly. (Id. 1 
7.) 
4. 
As noted above, the present motion has been argued on the 
qualified reporter's privilege.' 
The Second Circuit recognizes not only a qualified 
I The First Amended Complaint in Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
(Carroll Decl., Apr. 7, 2010, Ex. E) asserts two claims under Florida 
common law (Counts I & III), one claim under federal law (18 U.S.C. S 
2255) (Count II), and two claims under Florida statutes (Counts IV & V); 
federal subject matter jurisdiction is premised on diversity of 
citizenship, Jane Doe being alleged to be a resident of Florida, and Mr. 
Epstein a resident of New York (First Am. Compl. 11 3, 4 & 7). 
EFTA00728463
--- PAGE 24 ---
privilege protecting journalists' confidential sources but also a 
privilege that extends to nonconfidential materials. Gonzales v. 
Nat'l Broad. Co., Inc., 194 F.3d 29, 33 (2d Cir. 1999) ("Gonzales 
III").2
In the present case, Mr. Rush's source -- Mr. Epstein --
is not confidential: Mr. Rush disclosed his source to counsel for 
Jane Doe not long after the interview. 
The Second Circuit, in 
Gonzales III, held that 
while nonconfidential press materials are protected 
by a qualified privilege, the showing needed to 
overcome the privilege is less demanding than the 
showing required where confidential materials are 
sought. 
Where a civil litigant seeks non-
confidential materials from a nonparty press 
entity, the litigant is entitled to the requested 
discovery notwithstanding a valid assertion of the 
journalists' privilege if he can show that the 
materials at issue are of likely relevance to a 
significant issue in the case, and are not 
reasonably obtainable from other available sources. 
194 F.3d at 36. 
5. 
This Court has reviewed both the recording and Mr. Rush's 
transcript in camera. 
The Court finds that portions of the 
recording "are of likely relevance to a significant issue in (Jane 
In Gonzales v. Pierce, 175 F.R.D. 57 (S.D.N.Y. 1997) ("Gonzales 
I"), the district court granted in part and denied in part a motion to 
compel production of unedited videotapes from NBC and the deposition of 
certain NBC personnel. In Gonzales v. Nat'l Broad. Co., Inc. 
155 F.3d 
618 (2d Cir. 1998) ("Gnnzalei, II"), the Second Circuit affirmed Gonzales 
I. 
In 
III the Second Circuit, on rehearing, withdrew its 
Gonzales Ii opinion (see 194 F.3d at 30 E. n.**), and affirmed the 
district court. 
EFTA00728464
--- PAGE 25 ---
Doe v. Epstein]," Gonzales III, 194 F.3d at 36, or, rather, 
depending on how used, two issues, liability and damages. 
The 
Court notes, in particular, a statement included in the first full 
paragraph attributed to Mr. Epstein at page 15 of the transcript. 
The Court also finds that the materials at issue "are not 
reasonably obtainable from other available sources," id., since the 
record is quite clear that Mr. Epstein has regularly been 
asserting, and will continue to assert, his Fifth Amendment 
privilege to relevant questions. The fact that the recording is in 
Mr. Epstein's own voice is also significant from a trial 
perspective. 
The deposition of Mr. Rush is to be limited to 
authentication of the recording and the transcript. 
6. 
Not everything in the recording is relevant, but some 
non-relevant statements may (or may not) have context value. 
Ultimately, the amount of the recorded conversation that it would 
be appropriate to admit in a jury trial is one for the trial judge, 
with input from counsel on both sides. This Court defers to the 
trial court in this regard. 
7. 
Plaintiff's counsel's access to the recording and 
transcript has been given for a specific purpose only: use in the 
trial of Jane Doe v. Eostejn. 
This order does not authorize the 
EFTA00728465
--- PAGE 26 ---
Dated: May /r, 2010 
use of, or reference to, the conversation reflected in the 
recording and the transcript in any other context, unless so 
authorized by the trial court in the case in which such use is 
sought, and it does not in any way authorize dissemination to the 
press or other media of all or any part of the conversation, the 
recording, or the transcript.3
8. 
The recording and transcript will be held in chambers or 
under seal until any appeal from this decision is decided or the 
time to file a notice of appeal has expired. 
SO ORDERED. 
‘—`---- 
.4,
Lawrence M. McKenna 
O.S.D.J. 
Persons other than Jane Doe and Mr. Epstein are mentioned in the 
conversation. 
EFTA00728466
--- PAGE 27 ---
EDWARDS AFF. 
EFTA00728467
--- PAGE 28 ---
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
IN RE APPLICATION FOR 3120(E) ORDER 
TO PRODUCE TAPE RECORDING 
AFFIDAVIT OF BRADLEY JAMES EDWARDS IN SUPPORT OF 
MOTION FOR CPLR 3102(E) ORDER TO PRODUCE TAPE RECORDING 
Bradley James Edwards, being duly sworn, deposes and states: 
1. 
I am an attorney in good standing with the Florida Bar. I am a partner in 
the law firm of Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos and Lehrman. I make this affidavit in 
support of the motion for an order compelling production by the Daily News of a certain tape 
recording it possesses of a conversation between a Daily News reporter and Jeffrey Epstein for use 
in a lawsuit between Epstein and me, which at bottom concerns his sexual abuse of girls while 
they were minors, the very topic of the recorded conversation. Jeffrey Epstein v. Bradley 
Edwards, et al. (Case NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG)(Florida Circuit Court, 15th Judicial 
Circuit). 
I. The Sexual Molestation Actions Against Epstein and His Vendetta Action Against Me and 
Others 
2. 
In 2008, I acted as lead attorney in bringing three separate actions against 
Jeffrey Epstein for sexually abusing several minor girls. Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein, (08-
80893)(United States District Court, S.D. Fl.); 
v. Jeffrey Epstein (Case No. 
502008CA028051XXXXMB AB)(Florida Circuit Court, 15th Judicial Circuit). v. Jeffrey 
Epstein (Case No. 502008CA028058XXXXMB ABXFlorida Circuit Court, 15th Judicial Circuit). 
3. 
In December 2009, Epstein brought a vendetta action against me and others. 
In that action, he alleged that I, my client.., and my then-law partner (Scott Rothstein) 
EFTA00728468
--- PAGE 29 ---
conspired to fabricate sexual molestation cases against him. I answered the complaint and 
interposed a counterclaim alleging abuse of process by Epstein and seeking damages. 
11. Epstein's Vicious Attacks on the Girls and His Efforts to Shield the Evidence of Sexual 
Molestation 
4. 
The lawsuits I filed on behalf of the three girls against Epstein were very 
contentious. n the Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein, Case No. 9:08-cv-80893-MARRA (S.D. Fla.) case 
(which was consolidated with Doe v. Epstein, 9:08-cv-80119-MARRA for discovery purposes), 
more than 500 docket entries appear. Because the cases involved allegations by girls that Epstein 
repeatedly sexually abused them behind the walls of his private mansion in Palm Beach, Florida, 
the case at some level became one of "he said, she said." Epstein employed a strategy of 
viciously attacking the girls' reputation and credibility and shielding any disclosure of evidence of 
his molestation from discovery. It is for this reason, among others, that production of the tape on 
which he speaks about his molestation is critical. 
A. Epstein's Vicious Attacks on the Girls 
5. 
Epstein's battery of attorneys have taken the girls' depositions, in which 
they have asked numerous questions suggesting that each has fabricated her claims against him. 
Indeed, the Daily News conceded in earlier litigation concerning the recording sought here that the 
questioning of the girls has been (in its words) "savage." Daily News Memo. filed with Judge 
McKenna at 11 (referring to questioning of Jane Doe "by [Epstein's] defense team ... so savage it 
made local headlines"). And the girls, of course, have no other witnesses they can call to tell what 
Epstein did to them behind closed doors in his mansion — no direct eyewitnesses to prove that 
what they are saying is true. 
A. Shielding Non-Prosecution Agreement from Use 
EFTA00728469
--- PAGE 30 ---
6. 
After federal and state investigators learned of Epstein's sexual abuse of 
Jane Doe and more than thirty other under-age girls, Epstein hired a battery of attorneys who 
negotiated a plea bargain. In 2008, Epstein entered into a "non-prosecution agreement" (NPA) 
with the federal government for sex crimes against minors. Under that agreement, the federal 
government agreed not to file criminal charges against Epstein for sex crimes committed against 
more than thirty girls, including Jane Doe. In exchange, Epstein agreed to plead guilty to state law 
criminal charges involving solicitation of prostitution and procuring a minor for prostitution. The 
victims of the criminal charges to which he has pled were not my clients. 
7. 
Under the NPA, Epstein has agreed not to contest civil liability of any of his 
approximately thirty victims — provided that the victim agrees to limit themselves to the damages 
provided by 18 U.S.C. § 2255 . However, my clients did not agree to limit their recoveries to 
those limited damages. Therefore, the terms of the NPA purported to prevent my clients from 
using the NPA to prove liability. 
B. Epstein's Refusal to Testify 
8. 
Epstein "answered" my clients' complaints and my counterclaim in the 
action between us by invoking his Fifth Amendment right to silence with respect to the allegations 
that he molested the girls while they were minors. At the same time, he argued that this Fifth 
Amendment invocation is the functional equivalent of, and must be treated as, a specific denial of 
the allegations. 
9. 
Epstein's deposition has been taken on several occasions in Jane Doe and 
related cases; at each deposition Epstein has refused to testify concerning any of the substantive 
allegations, invoking the Fifth Amendment. He has also refused to produce any documents or 
answer interrogatories on the same ground. I have been informed that Epstein will continue to 
assert the Fifth Amendment in all related, subsequent proceedings. 
EFTA00728470
--- PAGE 31 ---
10. 
Epstein's invocation of the Fifth Amendment has permitted him to refuse to 
answer questions relating to punitive damages issues, such as his intent when committing the 
crimes, his lack of remorse and his intent to recidivate. These will be central issues in the punitive 
damages case against Epstein. 
C Epstein's Co-Conspirators Refusal to Testify 
11. 
In addition to deposing Mr. Epstein in the various civil cases, other 
attorneys and I have taken the depositions of his various co-conspirators (as labeled by the federal 
government in the NPA), including 
and 
Each of those individuals was employed by Epstein to bring him underage girls for him to molest 
and to ensure that he was protected from detection by law enforcement, and thus those individuals 
could likely provide general testimony that would assist my clients in proving liability and 
damages, including punitive damages. However, none of these individuals was present during 
acts of sexual abuse by Epstein. 
12. 
In any event, ALL of those individuals have also invoked their Fifth 
Amendment rights against self-incrimination, and thus have provided no information about what 
Epstein or other conspirators inside his house were doing during the sexual abuse of my clients 
and other minor girls. This creates a serious issue for a civil case that revolves around proving a 
sexual molestation claim against Epstein. By its nature, sexual molestation takes place in private, 
with only the abuser and the victim typically available to testify. Epstein has savagely attacked 
the credibility of the girls who have alleged that he sexually abused them. Accordingly, there is 
no other reasonable avenue of discovery to provide direct proof of the claim of sexual abuse by 
Epstein. 
III. Epstein's False Allegation of Fabrication 
EFTA00728471
--- PAGE 32 ---
13. 
While seeking to shield all the evidence of his repeated molestation of 
young girls for use in his action against me and all the girls actions against him, Epstein has 
alleged that the allegations are fabricated. For example, he has asserted that his Fifth Amendment 
refusal to answer the complaint or questions at deposition constitutes a substantive denial of the 
claims, and during his deposition of me he asked numerous questions designed to suggest that I 
had fabricated the claims against him. 
IV. 
The Tape Recording Constitutes Critical Evidence Needed to Prove Molestation and 
Disprove Fabrication 
14. 
While Epstein and all of his co-conspirators have consistently and 
uniformly asserted their Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination, George Rush of the 
New York Daily News contacted me to inform me that Epstein spoke personally with him about 
issues related to the charges of sexual abuse against him and that Rush recorded the conversation. 
15. 
Paraphrasing from memory of my conversation with Mr. Rush, Mr. Epstein 
told Mr. Rush that he may have come "too close to the line", but that he should not have been 
punished as severely as he was and that his conduct was at most worthy of a monetary fine. This 
statement shows two things of great importance to the civil action currently pending between 
Epstein and me. 
16. 
First, it is an admission by Epstein that he did, in fact, sexually molest 
minor girls, thus disproving his claim that that I fabricated such claims against him. I do not have 
any other admission of Epstein of his sexual abuse of the clients on whose behalf I filed sexual 
abuse claims. I have diligently pursued all possible avenues for possibly obtaining an admission 
from Epstein of his molestation of my clients without success. 
17. 
Second, Epstein's statement to Mr. Rush is a clear demonstration that 
Epstein lacks remorse for committing felony child molestation against my clients and other girls. 
EFTA00728472
--- PAGE 33 ---
This will be a central issue in my punitive damages case against Epstein at trial. Here again, I 
have diligently pursued all possible ways of obtaining a statement from Epstein about his lack of 
remorse for abusing minor girls without success. There are no other reasonable means of 
obtaining a statement from Epstein on these subjects. 
18. 
Mr. Rush also told me that Mr. Epstein spoke specifically about me and 
about one of my clients, ■., and made derogatory comments about both of us. At a deposition 
in one of the Florida actions, Epstein denied under oath that he knew ■. 
Mr. Rush also told me 
that Mr. Epstein spoke directly about another civil case that was filed against him, Jane Doe 102 v. 
Epistein, No. 9:09-CV-80656-KAM(S.D. Ha. 2009), which involved an allegation that Mr. 
Epstein repeatedly sexually abused a 15-year-old girl, forced her to have sex with his friends, and 
flew her on his private plane nationally and internationally for the purposes of sexually molesting 
and abusing her, and that Mr. Epstein had flippantly said that the case was dismissed, indicating 
that the allegations were ridiculous and untrue. 
19. 
Mr. Rush also spoke at length to Michael Fisten, an investigator with my 
firm who was assisting with the investigation of the case. Mr. Fisten reported to me shortly after 
the conversation with Mr. Rush that he had such a conversation. Mr. Fisten is submitting a 
separate affidavit concerning his conversation with Mr. Rush. 
V. Other Possible Evidence Concerning the Molestation 
20. 
While investigations by other plaintiffs' attorneys and I have uncovered 
other persons who were acquaintances of Epstein, specifically David Trump, Alan Dershowitz, 
Bill Clinton, Tommy Mottola, and David Copperfield, we have no information that any of those 
people (other than Mr. Dershowitz) have spoken to Epstein about Jane Doe or any of the other 
victims of Epstein's molestation. Mr. Dershowitz is acting as an attorney for Epstein, and 
therefore will likely take the position that he is not at liberty to disclose any admissions that 
EFTA00728473
--- PAGE 34 ---
Epstein may have made regarding abusing minors girls. Additionally, I have no information that 
any of those individuals or any other individuals have any taped statements of Epstein's own voice 
relating to these matters. 
21. 
George Rush's taped conversation with Mr. Epstein is the only one known 
to exist, making it unique; it contains information not otherwise obtainable through other means or 
sources. I have been informed by Epstein's attorney that Epstein intends to invoke his Fifth 
Amendment rights rather than answer any substantive questions about the abuse of girls at trial. 
Therefore, without the Rush taped conversation, the jury that handles the case will not hear any 
words from Epstein himself about his abuse of young girls. 
22. 
The Rush interview is also unique and not otherwise obtainable from other 
witnesses for the additional reason that it proves perjury by Epstein (a federal crime). Epstein lied 
about not knowing George Rush. See deposition of Jeffrey Epstein, taken in 
v. Jeffrey 
Epstein, case 50-2008-CA-028051, page 154, line 4 through 155 line 9, wherein Epstein clearly 
implies that he does not recognize George Rush from the Daily News, despite the fact that he gave 
a personal interview that we all now know to have been tape recorded. It is therefore evidence of 
a criminal event. 
VI. The Daily News Has Waived Any Possible Privilege 
23. 
During a telephone call with George Rush, Rush provided me particulars as 
to what Epstein said, as well as the general tenor of the entire interview, so that nothing in the 
interview can be fairly regarded as confidential at this point. 
24. 
The people for whom George Rush played the tape or told in detail of the 
information on the tape were not "sources" in the traditional sense of the word; they were simply 
chatting with Mr. Rush about Epstein and his propensity to molest children. For example, when 
EFTA00728474
--- PAGE 35 ---
I discussed the tape with Mr. Rush, I was not a "source" in the traditional sense of that term. At 
no point did Mr. Rush tell me that I was a "source" for his reporting. 
25. 
Because Epstein and all other co-conspirators have invoked the Fifth 
Amendment as to all relevant questions, this tape is the only way that I can put Epstein's own 
perceptions of what he has done and his admissions and statements before the jury. I have made 
exhaustive attempts to obtain information from Epstein about his abuse — in both this and other 
cases — without success. I have not been able — and none of the girls who filed civil suits against 
Epstein has been able -- to obtain even a single word of information from Epstein about his 
abuse of minor girls. 
VII. The Daily News' Intention to Refuse to Honor a Subpoena 
26. 
I have been informed by attorneys for the Daily News that it will not honor 
any subpoena for the recording without a New York court order enforcing it. It is for that reason 
that we are seeking an order on notice pursuant to 3102(e) for production of the tape. 
27. 
For the foregoing reasons, as well as those set forth in the Affidavit of 
Michael Fisten, the Affirmation of Robert Y. Lewis, and the accompanying Memorandum of 
Law, Affiant requests that the Court issue an order pursuant to CPLR 3102(e) for production of 
the recording. 
On September 
, 2010, before me came 
rachey James Edwards and swore that 
_ 
s true and correct. 
44sicz, sent S. WILLIAMSON 
sic 
'I. MY COMMISSION *OO8953SO 
EXPIRES !NM 02.2013 
396409 
Na cam 
Bradley James Edwards 
EFTA00728475
--- PAGE 36 ---
FISTEN AFF. 
EFTA00728476
--- PAGE 37 ---
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
x 
IN RE APPLICATION FOR 3120(E) ORDER 
TO PRODUCE TAPE RECORDING 
AFFIDAVIT OF MICHAEL FISTEN IN SUPPORT OF MOTION FOR 
CPLR 3102(E) ORDER TO PRODUCE TAPE RECORDING 
Michael Fisten, being duly sworn, deposes and says: 
1. 
I am a private investigator who has been retained by Bradley James 
Edwards in connection with a case brought by one Jeffrey Epstein against him in the 
Florida Circuit Court, 15th Judicial Circuit. In that action Mr. Edwards, the defendant, 
has also brought a counterclaim seeking damages inflicted on him by Mr. Epstein. I have 
also worked on several related sexual assault cases brought against Epstein by various 
girls, including a case brought by "Jane Doe." Before becoming a private investigator, I 
was a law enforcement officer for thirty years in south Florida. 
2. 
I make this Affidavit in support of a motion for an order compelling the 
Daily News to produce a certain recording it possesses of a conversation between one of 
its reporters and Mr. Epstein concerning Mr. Epstein's molestation of girls, among other 
things. 
3. 
On October 22, 2009, in pursuit of information related to the girls' sexual 
molestation litigation against Jeffrey Epstein, I had a conversation with George Rush, a 
reporter with the New York Daily News. 
EFTA00728477
--- PAGE 38 ---
4. 
I called Rush after an author advised me that Epstein had given him (Rush) 
information that would be extremely valuable for the cases I was working on. The author 
advised that Rush played a recording of a conversation he taped between Rush and 
Epstein. This tape recording was played for the author and another person. I had the 
impression that Rush had played the entire tape for this author. The author stated words 
to the effect of, "My god, you've got to get this tape. He talks about the girls." The 
author advised me that the admissions made by Epstein in the tape would be very helpful 
to the girls pursuing civil suits against Epstein. 
5. 
At this point, I called Rush in New York to try to get the tape. Rush had no 
hesitancy in telling me that he had tape recorded a recent conversation with Epstein. 
6. 
Rush then began telling me in detail about the contents of the tape recorded 
call. 
7. 
Rush had previously spoken to attorney Edwards (the attorney representing 
Jane Doe) and me concerning a story he (Rush) was writing on Epstein. Rush stated that 
he compiled very negative information on Epstein concerning his exploits with underage 
girls and how he eluded the justice system. 
8. 
Rush agreed to paraphrase his recorded interview of Epstein, providing me 
with the following highlights. He stated that Epstein spoke in a New York accent 
advising how he came from Brooklyn and became wealthy. He stated that people do not 
like it when people make good and that was one reason he was being targeted. He stated 
that he did nothing wrong and went to jail for no reason. He stated that the time he spent 
in jail was too harsh of a sentence and if the same circumstances would have happened in 
EFTA00728478
--- PAGE 39 ---
New York he would have only received a $200 fine. He continued by making very 
negative comments concerning Attorney Edwards (the lead attorney for the girls), and 
blamed his problems on Edwards. He spoke derogatorily about the girls, including 
Edwards's clients, such as 
as persons who came to him as prostitutes and drug 
addicts. He stated that all the girls suing him are only trying to get a "meal ticket" and 
the only thing he might have done wrong was maybe to cross the line a little too closely. 
Rush advised that Epstein was very upset that Edwards subpoenaed Ghisline Maxwell. 
9. 
At no point during this phone call was I told that the discussion was "off 
the record" or otherwise "confidential". I was never told that there was any agreement 
for secrecy. I had the clear impression that Rush knew I would be relaying all of the 
information that he had provided to me to Brad Edwards and other attorneys and 
investigators working on Jane Doe's case and other similar cases. 
10. 
After I interviewed Rush, I asked for a copy of the tape of Epstein. He said 
he had no problem with giving it to me. He just had to run by his legal people. But later 
that day, he called me back and said "legal" would not let him give me the tape. 
11. 
On October 26, 2009, when my discussion with Rush was fresh in my 
mind, I wrote up a report memorializing what Rush had told me. 
12. 
Rush later sent me e-mails about the Epstein case, including forwarding to 
me an e-mail that Epstein had apparently written about the case. 
13. 
I have been extensively involved in the investigation attempting to support 
Jane Doe's and Brad Edwards's claims against Epstein. 
As part of my duties in 
investigating the cases, I have attempted to locate all recorded statements made by 
EFTA00728479
--- PAGE 40 ---
(407)3811.0153 
Epstein regarding his sexual abuse of Jane Doe and other minor girls and about Edwards' 
lawsuits. I have not been able to locate any such recordings. Nor do I currently possess 
any investigative leads for tracking down such recordings. 
On September / , 2010, before me came 
re that the foregoing was true and correct. 
.9 1* 
BETH S. WILLIAMSON 
: 
MY COMMISSION et DD895350 
EXPIRES June 02. 2013 
FloekNoleelerece exe 
EFTA00728480

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728481.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728481.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM Document 172 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12:18:2009 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80811-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CAROLYN MARGARENT ANDRIANO, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARAH 
KELLEN, 
Defendants. 
JOINT NOTICE OF RESOLUTION/SETTLEMENT 
Plaintiff, CAROLYN MARGARET ANDRIANO, and Defendant(s), JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN and SARAH KELLEN, jointly give Notice to the Court that the Parties have resolved 
the above-styled action. The Parties further stipulate that all pending Motions are moot and no 
further Court action is required. The Parties are in the process of finalizing the settlement and 
will file a Stipulation of Dismissal with Prejudice and Proposed Order upon completing all 
documents related to the agreed resolution/settlement. 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
CM/ECF on this it  day of December, 2009 
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
2290 10th Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
EFTA00728481
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM Document 172 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12 18 '2009 Page 2 of 2 
C.M.A v. Epstein, et at 
Page 2 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
561-582-7600 
Fax: 561-588-8819 
Counsel for Plaintiff C.M.A. 
reelrhw@hotmail.com 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
561-686-6300 
Fax: 561-383-9424 
jsx®searcvlaw.com 
inh@searcvlaw.com 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
iauesq®bellsouth.net 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-202-6360 
Fax: 561-828-0983 
ecf@ibrucereinhardaw.corn
Counsel for Defendant Sarah Kellen 
Respectfully submitted, 
By:  1st Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
rcriabcIclaw.com 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
mpike©bcfclaw.com 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00728482

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728483.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728483.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 547 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Defendant. 
/ 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
/ 
NOTICE OF SUPPLEMENTAL AUTHORITY ON PLAINTIFF JANE DOE'S MOTION 
FOR AN ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE AND FOR AN ORDER TO COMPEL AND 
INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW fDE 4831 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe, hereby gives notice of filing portions of the probation file of 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, in connection with the above referenced Motion for Order to 
Show Cause and to Compel the Deposition of Jean Luc Brunel [DE 483]. 
On March 10, 2010 Plaintiff filed her Motion for an Order to Show Cause and for 
an Order to Compel [DE 483] requesting entry of an Order directed to Jean Luc Brunel 
and his counsel ordering them to show cause why they should not be held in contempt, 
for sanctions, and for an Order compelling Jean Luc Brunel to appear for deposition. 
Plaintiff's counsel recently obtained Epstein's probation file that contains 
documents that further corroborate Plaintiff's position that Brunel has not remained out 
EFTA00728483
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 547 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 2 of 4 
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
of the country as Brunel's counsel suggested, but has in fact been staying with Epstein 
much of 2010, if we are to believe the records Epstein provided to probation. 
The portions of the probation file, specifically the Written Monthly Reports from 
December 2009 through February 2010 are attached hereto as Exhibit "A." A section of 
the Written Monthly Report requires Defendant to "List full names, ages, and your 
relationship to all persons who resided at your residence this month" in the middle 
section of the form. 
Defendant identifies Jean Luc Brunel in his probation papers as residing with him 
within the period of December 2009 to February 2010, when Ms. Kudman represented 
him to be out of Florida. 
As indicated in our previous pleading, Mr. Brunel was served for deposition, and 
his counsel Ms. Kudman represented that she would produce him for deposition in 
Florida. 
She ultimately reneged, saying that her client told her that he was in France 
indefinitely and would not be returning to the United States, a representation known to 
be false. 
In an email dated January 25, 2010, Ms. Kudman responds to a request for dates 
for her client's deposition by writing, "I have just been informed that my client will be out 
of the country until the end of March." (Email attached here to as Exhibit "B") 
Again, while it is not believed that Ms. Kudman made the false representation 
intentionally, and it is more likely that Mr. Brunel simply made that false representation 
EFTA00728484
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 547 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 3 of 4 
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
to his attorney, it is impossible for the undersigned to know with any degree of certainty 
exactly who participated in this plan to obstruct Jane Doe's discovery. 
As such, Plaintiff files her supplemental authority and requests the relief 
previously sought. 
DATED: May 17, 2010 
Respectfully Submitted, 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: cassellp@law.utah.edu 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on May 17, 2010 I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing 
document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the 
manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to 
receive electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00728485
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 547 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 4 of 4 
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Jgoldberger@agwpa.com 
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
rcritton@bciclaw.com 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Jack Patrick Hill 
iph@searcylaw.com 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
KEzell@podhurst.com 
Michael James Pike 
MPike@bciclaw.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Richard Horace Willits 
lawyerswillits@aol.com 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
rjosefsberg@podhurst.com 
Adam D. Horowitz 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattorney.com 
Stuart S. Mermelstein 
ssm@sexabuseattorney.com 
EFTA00728486

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728487.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Ms. Villefana, 
I am in possession of your letter of June 12, 2009 giving notice of breach. I 
respectfully submit that the Motion to 
Dismiss that is referenced therein did not constitute a 
willful breach of Mr. Epstein's obligations under the 
non-prosecution agreement. Mr. Epstein's 
counsel unanimously determined that the filing of this motion to dismiss was not 
a breach of the non-prosecution agreement, and the motion was filed by counsel 
without Mr. Epstein's final approval. 
I want to inform you that immediately upon receipt of 
your letter today, Mr. Epstein directed his counsel to 
file the attached Notice withdrawing all but issue number VIII of the previously 
filed Motion to Dismiss. The Notice has already been filed. If your 
continued review of the civil dockets causes you to 
have additional concerns about any other filing, 
consistent with the notice provisions of the 
non-prosecution agreement and consistent with our prior 
practice regarding such matters, please provide me with 
notice and the opportunity to address the same with you. 
I believe that with today's filing withdrawing these issues Mr. Epstein, through 
counsel, has fully remedied any perceived breach. Please advise if you for any 
reason disagree. 
Sincerely, 
EFTA00728487

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728488.pdf
----------------------------------------
VIA EMAIL 
and First Class Mail 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
301 East 66t° Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
email: 
April 2, 2010 
Jay Goldberg, Esq. 
250 Park Avenue 
Suite 2020 
New York, New York 10177 
Re: 
Claims of Jeffrey Epstein and L.S.J., LLC against 
Juan Pablo Molyneux and E. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. 
Dear Jay: 
As you know, Jeffrey Epstein and L.S.J., LLC (collectively, "Epstein") have asserted 
numerous claims against Juan Pablo Molyneux and E. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. (collectively, 
"Molyneux") arising out of Molyneux's fraudulent misrepresentations, misfeasance and failures 
to perform certain architectural and design services for Epstein and Little St. James Island, 
including under an Agreement for Design Services, dated May 15, 2009, between Epstein and 
Molyneux (the "Design Services Agreement"). As I have advised you, after the expiration of 
the 10-day cure period, Mr. Epstein intends to hold Mr. Molyneux in breach under the Design 
Services Agreement and seek to recover all Epstein's damages, in the event that Mr. Molyneux 
fails to resolve all outstanding matters with Mr. Epstein by the April 15 deadline provided under 
the Design Services Agreement. 
In anticipation of such litigation (the "Litigation"), by this letter, you and your clients are 
hereby given notice not to destroy, conceal or alter any paper or electronic records, including, 
without limitation, information, communications, notes, billing records, invoices, receipts, 
statements, purchase orders, plans, CAD (computer aided design) files, sketches, drawings, 
renderings, photographs, designs, models, samples, lists, descriptions, representations, 
proposals, contracts, memoranda, materials, documents, schedules, diaries, files, and other data 
(including, without limitation, electronic data), transmitted, generated or retained by your 
clients, stored on your clients' computers and storage media (e.g., hard drives, hard disks, jump 
drives, backup tapes or any other storage media), or otherwise in the possession or control of 
your clients or any of their subcontractors, agents or representatives, related in any way 
EFTA00728488
--- PAGE 2 ---
whatsoever to Mr. Epstein, L.S.J., LLC, or Little St. James Island, or any services or materials 
proposed, promised, agreed, or provided, whether in whole or in part, with respect to Mr. 
Epstein, L.S.J., LLC or Little St. James Island (hereinafter referred to as "Records"). This 
includes, without limitation, any and all Records consisting of, comprising, containing, referring 
to, relating to or reflecting representations by Molyneux regarding the purported expertise, 
skills, knowledge and/or experience of your clients as architects and designers. As you know, 
your clients' failure to comply with this notice can result in severe sanctions being imposed by a 
court for spoliation of evidence or potential evidence. 
Through discovery Epstein expects to obtain from your clients all Records, including 
files and data stored on your clients' computers and your clients' computer storage media. In 
order to avoid spoliation, your clients must be prepared to provide the data requested on the 
original media. Your clients should not reuse any media on which potentially relevant data is 
presently stored. 
Although Epstein may bring a motion for an order preserving Records from destruction 
or alteration, your clients' obligation to preserve Records for discovery in litigation arises in law 
and equity independently from any order on such motion. 
Electronic Records and the storage media on which they reside contain relevant, 
discoverable information beyond that which may be found in printed documents. 
Therefore, 
even where a paper copy exists, Epstein may seek all Records in their electronic form along with 
information about those Records contained on the media. Epstein also may seek paper printouts 
of those Records that contain unique information after they were printed out (such as paper 
documents containing handwriting, signatures, marginalia, drawings, annotations, highlighting 
and redactions) along with any paper Records for which no corresponding electronic files exist. 
Epstein's discovery requests may ask for certain data on hard disks, hard drives, jump 
drives CD ROMs and other backup media used in your clients' computers, some of which data 
are not readily available to an ordinary computer user, such as "deleted" files and "file 
fragments." As you may know, although a user may "erase" or "delete" a file, all that is really 
erased is a reference to that file in a table on the hard drive. Unless overwritten with new data, a 
"deleted" file can be intact on the drive as any "active" file you would see in a directory listing. 
Accordingly, electronic data and storage media that may be subject to Epstein's 
discovery requests and that your clients are obligated to maintain and not alter or destroy, 
include, but are not limited to, the following: 
Description of files and file types subject to discovery: 
1. 
All digital or analog electronic Records, including "deleted" files and file 
fragments, stored in machine-readable format on magnetic, optical or other storage media, 
including the hard drives used by your clients' computers and their backup media (e.g., other 
hard drives, jump drives, backup tapes, Jaz cartridges, CD-ROMs) or otherwise, whether such 
files have been reduced to paper printouts or not. 
Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, your clients specifically are to preserve all of your clients' e-mails, both sent and 
EFTA00728489
--- PAGE 3 ---
received, whether internally or externally; all word-processed files, including drafts and 
revisions; all invoices, statements and spreadsheets, including drafts and revisions; all databases; 
all CAD (computed-aided design) files, including drafts and revisions; all drawings, sketches, 
renderings, photographs, designs and models, including drafts and revisions, stored in machine-
readable format on magnetic, optical or other storage media; all presentation data or slide shows 
produced by presentation software (such as Microsoft PowerPoint); all graphs, charts and other 
data produced by project management software (such as Microsoft Project); all data generated 
by calendaring, task management software (such as Microsoft Project); all data generated by 
calendaring, task management and personal information management (PIM) software (such as 
Microsoft Outlook or Lotus Notes); all data created with the use of personal data assistants 
(PDAs), such as PalmPilot, HP Jornada, Cassiopeia or other Windows CE-based or Pocket PC 
devices; all data created with the use of document management software; all data created with 
the use of paper and electronic mail logging and routing software; all Internet and Web-browser-
generated history files, caches and "cookies" files generated at the workstation of each employee 
and/or agent in your clients' employ and on any and all backup storage media; and any and all 
other files generated or stored by users through the use of computers and/or telecommunications, 
including but not limited to voice mail. Further, your clients are to preserve any log or logs of 
network use by employees or otherwise, whether kept in paper or electronic form, and to 
preserve all copies of your clients' backup tapes and the software necessary to reconstruct the 
data on those tapes, so that there can be made a complete, bit-by-bit "mirror" evidentiary image 
copy of the storage media of each and every personal computer (and/or workstation) and 
network server in your clients' custody or control, as well as image copies of all hard drives 
retained by your clients and no longer in service, but in use at any time from July 1, 2005 to the 
present. 
Your clients are also not to pack, compress, purge or otherwise dispose of files and parts 
of files unless a true and correct copy of such files is made. 
Your clients are also to preserve and not destroy all passwords, decryption procedures 
(including, if necessary, the software to decrypt the files); network access codes, ID names, 
manuals, tutorials, written instructions, decompression or reconstruction software, and any and 
all other information and things necessary to access, view and (if necessary) reconstruct the 
electronic data that may be requested through discovery. 
The provisions of this letter apply to your clients and all persons or entities holding 
Records for, on behalf of, at the request of or under the direction of your clients. 
Online Data Storage on Mainframes and Minicomputers: 
2. 
With regard to online storage and/or direct access storage devices attached to 
your clients' mainframe computers and/or minicomputers: your clients are not to modify or 
delete any electronic data files, "deleted" files and file fragments existing at the time of this 
letter's delivery, which contained any electronic data described in paragraph 1 above, unless a 
true and correct copy of each such electronic data file has been made and steps have been taken 
to assure that such a copy will be preserved and accessible for purposes of the Litigation. 
EFTA00728490
--- PAGE 4 ---
Offline Data Storage, Backups and Archives, Tapes and Other Removable 
Electronic Media: 
3. 
With regard to all electronic media used for offline storage, including magnetic 
tapes and cartridges and other media that, at the time of this letter's delivery, contained any 
electronic data described in paragraph 1 above: Your clients are to stop any activity that may 
result in the loss of such electronic data, including rotation, destruction, overwriting and/or 
erasure of such media in whole or in part. This request is intended to cover all removable 
electronic media used for data storage in connection with their computer systems, including 
magnetic tapes and cartridges, magneto-optical disks, CD ROMs, jump drives, external hard 
drives and all other media, whether used with personal computers, minicomputers or mainframes 
or other computers, and whether containing backup and/or archive data sets and other electronic 
data, for all of their computer systems. 
Replacement of Data Storage Devices: 
4. 
Your clients are not to dispose of any electronic data storage devices and/or 
media that may be replaced due to failure and/or upgrade and/or other reasons that may contain 
electronic data described in paragraph I above. 
Fixed Drives on Stand-Alone Personal Computers and Network Workstations: 
5. 
With regard to electronic data described in paragraph 1 above, which existed on 
fixed drives attached to stand-alone microcomputers and/or network workstations at the time of 
this letter's delivery: Your clients are not to alter or erase such electronic data, and are not to 
perform other procedures (such as data compressions and disk de-fragmentation or optimization 
routines) that may impact such data, unless a true and correct copy has been made of such active 
files and of completely restored versions of such deleted electronic files and file fragments, 
copies have been made of all directory listings (including hidden files) for all directories and 
subdirectories containing such files, and arrangements have been made to preserve such copies 
until the Litigation reaches final resolution. 
Programs and Utilities: 
6. 
Your clients are to preserve copies of all application programs and utilities, which 
may be used to process electronic Records covered by this letter. 
Log of System Modifications: 
EFTA00728491
--- PAGE 5 ---
7. 
Your clients are to maintain an activity log to document modifications made to 
any electronic data processing system that may affect the system's capability to process any 
electronic data described in paragraph 1 above, regardless of whether such modifications were 
made by employees, contactors, vendors and/or any other third parties. 
Personal Computers Used by Your Employees and/or Their Secretaries and 
Assistants: 
8. 
The following steps should immediately be taken in regard to all personal 
computers used by your clients' employees and/or their secretaries and assistants. 
a. 
b. 
As to fixed drives attached to such computers: (i) a true and 
correct copy is to be made of all electronic data covered by this 
letter on such fixed drives, including all active files and 
completely restored versions of all deleted electronic files and file 
fragments; (ii) full directory listings (including hidden files) for all 
directories and subdirectories (including hidden directories) on 
such fixed drives should be written; and (III) such copies and 
listings are to be preserved until the Litigation reaches final 
resolution. 
All magnetic tapes and cartridges, CD ROMs, jump drives, 
external hard drives and other media used in connection with such 
computers prior to the date of delivery of this letter containing any 
electronic data covered by this letter are to be collected and put 
into storage until the Litigation reaches final resolution. 
Evidence Created Subsequent to This Letter: 
9. 
With regard to electronic data created subsequent to the date of delivery of this 
letter, relevant evidence is not to be destroyed and your clients are to take whatever steps are 
appropriate to avoid destruction of evidence. 
In order to assure that you and your clients' obligation to preserve Records will be met, 
please forward a copy of this letter to all persons and entities with custodial responsibility for 
any of the Records referred to in this letter. 
Sincerely, 
Darren K. Indyke 
EFTA00728492

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728493.pdf
----------------------------------------
VIA EMAIL 
and First Class Mail 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
301 East 66t° Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
email: 
April 2, 2010 
Jay Goldberg, Esq. 
250 Park Avenue 
Suite 2020 
New York, New York 10177 
Re: 
Claims of Jeffrey Epstein and L.S.J., LLC against 
Juan Pablo Molyneux and J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. 
Dear Jay: 
As you know, Jeffrey Epstein and L.S.J., LLC (collectively, "Epstein") have asserted 
numerous claims against Juan Pablo Molyneux and J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. (collectively, 
"Molyneux") arising out of Molyneux's fraudulent misrepresentations, misfeasance and failures 
to perform certain architectural and design services for Epstein and Little St. James Island, 
including under an Agreement for Design Services, dated May 15, 2009, between Epstein and 
Molyneux (the "Design Services Agreement"). As I have advised you, after the expiration of 
the 10-day cure period, Mr. Epstein intends to hold Mr. Molyneux in breach under the Design 
Services Agreement and seek to recover all Epstein's damages, in the event that Mr. Molyneux 
fails to resolve all outstanding matters with Mr. Epstein by the April 15 deadline provided under 
the Design Services Agreement. 
In anticipation of such litigation (the "Litigation"), by this letter, you and your clients are 
hereby given notice not to destroy, conceal or alter any paper or electronic records, including, 
without limitation, information, communications, notes, billing records, invoices, receipts, 
statements, purchase orders, plans, CAD (computer aided design) files, sketches, drawings, 
renderings, photographs, designs, models, samples, lists, descriptions, representations, 
proposals, contracts, memoranda, materials, documents, schedules, diaries, files, and other data 
(including, without limitation, electronic data), transmitted, generated or retained by your 
clients, stored on your clients' computers and storage media (e.g., hard drives, hard disks, jump 
drives, backup tapes or any other storage media), or otherwise in the possession or control of 
your clients or any of their subcontractors, agents or representatives, related in any way 
EFTA00728493
--- PAGE 2 ---
whatsoever to Mr. Epstein, L.S.J., LLC, or Little St. James Island, or any services or materials 
proposed, promised, agreed, or provided, whether in whole or in part, with respect to Mr. 
Epstein, L.S.J., LLC or Little St. James Island (hereinafter referred to as "Records"). This 
includes, without limitation, any and all Records consisting of, comprising, containing, referring 
to, relating to or reflecting representations by Molyneux regarding the purported expertise, 
skills, knowledge and/or experience of your clients as architects and designers. As you know, 
your clients' failure to comply with this notice can result in severe sanctions being imposed by a 
court for spoliation of evidence or potential evidence. 
Through discovery Epstein expects to obtain from your clients all Records, including 
files and data stored on your clients' computers and your clients' computer storage media. In 
order to avoid spoliation, your clients must be prepared to provide the data requested on the 
original media. Your clients should not reuse any media on which potentially relevant data is 
presently stored. 
Although Epstein may bring a motion for an order preserving Records from destruction 
or alteration, your clients' obligation to preserve Records for discovery in litigation arises in law 
and equity independently from any order on such motion. 
Electronic Records and the storage media on which they reside contain relevant, 
discoverable information beyond that which may be found in printed documents. 
Therefore, 
even where a paper copy exists, Epstein may seek all Records in their electronic form along with 
information about those Records contained on the media. Epstein also may seek paper printouts 
of those Records that contain unique information after they were printed out (such as paper 
documents containing handwriting, signatures, marginalia, drawings, annotations, highlighting 
and redactions) along with any paper Records for which no corresponding electronic files exist. 
Epstein's discovery requests may ask for certain data on hard disks, hard drives, jump 
drives CD ROMs and other backup media used in your clients' computers, some of which data 
are not readily available to an ordinary computer user, such as "deleted" files and "file 
fragments." As you may know, although a user may "erase" or "delete" a file, all that is really 
erased is a reference to that file in a table on the hard drive. Unless overwritten with new data, a 
"deleted" file can be intact on the drive as any "active" file you would see in a directory listing. 
Accordingly, electronic data and storage media that may be subject to Epstein's 
discovery requests and that your clients are obligated to maintain and not alter or destroy, 
include, but are not limited to, the following: 
Description of files and file types subject to discovery: 
1. 
All digital or analog electronic Records, including "deleted" files and file 
fragments, stored in machine-readable format on magnetic, optical or other storage media, 
including the hard drives used by your clients' computers and their backup media (e.g., other 
hard drives, jump drives, backup tapes, Jaz cartridges, CD-ROMs) or otherwise, whether such 
files have been reduced to paper printouts or not. 
Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, your clients specifically are to preserve all of your clients' e-mails, both sent and 
EFTA00728494
--- PAGE 3 ---
received, whether internally or externally; all word-processed files, including drafts and 
revisions; all invoices, statements and spreadsheets, including drafts and revisions; all databases; 
all CAD (computed-aided design) files, including drafts and revisions; all drawings, sketches, 
renderings, photographs, designs and models, including drafts and revisions, stored in machine-
readable format on magnetic, optical or other storage media; all presentation data or slide shows 
produced by presentation software (such as Microsoft PowerPoint); all graphs, charts and other 
data produced by project management software (such as Microsoft Project); all data generated 
by calendaring, task management software (such as Microsoft Project); all data generated by 
calendaring, task management and personal information management (PIM) software (such as 
Microsoft Outlook or Lotus Notes); all data created with the use of personal data assistants 
(PDAs), such as PalmPilot, HP Jornada, Cassiopeia or other Windows CE-based or Pocket PC 
devices; all data created with the use of document management software; all data created with 
the use of paper and electronic mail logging and routing software; all Internet and Web-browser-
generated history files, caches and "cookies" files generated at the workstation of each employee 
and/or agent in your clients' employ and on any and all backup storage media; and any and all 
other files generated or stored by users through the use of computers and/or telecommunications, 
including but not limited to voice mail. Further, your clients are to preserve any log or logs of 
network use by employees or otherwise, whether kept in paper or electronic form, and to 
preserve all copies of your clients' backup tapes and the software necessary to reconstruct the 
data on those tapes, so that there can be made a complete, bit-by-bit "mirror" evidentiary image 
copy of the storage media of each and every personal computer (and/or workstation) and 
network server in your clients' custody or control, as well as image copies of all hard drives 
retained by your clients and no longer in service, but in use at any time from July 1, 2005 to the 
present. 
Your clients are also not to pack, compress, purge or otherwise dispose of files and parts 
of files unless a true and correct copy of such files is made. 
Your clients are also to preserve and not destroy all passwords, decryption procedures 
(including, if necessary, the software to decrypt the files); network access codes, ID names, 
manuals, tutorials, written instructions, decompression or reconstruction software, and any and 
all other information and things necessary to access, view and (if necessary) reconstruct the 
electronic data that may be requested through discovery. 
The provisions of this letter apply to your clients and all persons or entities holding 
Records for, on behalf of, at the request of or under the direction of your clients. 
Online Data Storage on Mainframes and Minicomputers: 
2. 
With regard to online storage and/or direct access storage devices attached to 
your clients' mainframe computers and/or minicomputers: your clients are not to modify or 
delete any electronic data files, "deleted" files and file fragments existing at the time of this 
letter's delivery, which contained any electronic data described in paragraph 1 above, unless a 
true and correct copy of each such electronic data file has been made and steps have been taken 
to assure that such a copy will be preserved and accessible for purposes of the Litigation. 
EFTA00728495
--- PAGE 4 ---
Offline Data Storage, Backups and Archives, Tapes and Other Removable 
Electronic Media: 
3. 
With regard to all electronic media used for offline storage, including magnetic 
tapes and cartridges and other media that, at the time of this letter's delivery, contained any 
electronic data described in paragraph 1 above: Your clients are to stop any activity that may 
result in the loss of such electronic data, including rotation, destruction, overwriting and/or 
erasure of such media in whole or in part. This request is intended to cover all removable 
electronic media used for data storage in connection with their computer systems, including 
magnetic tapes and cartridges, magneto-optical disks, CD ROMs, jump drives, external hard 
drives and all other media, whether used with personal computers, minicomputers or mainframes 
or other computers, and whether containing backup and/or archive data sets and other electronic 
data, for all of their computer systems. 
Replacement of Data Storage Devices: 
4. 
Your clients are not to dispose of any electronic data storage devices and/or 
media that may be replaced due to failure and/or upgrade and/or other reasons that may contain 
electronic data described in paragraph I above. 
Fixed Drives on Stand-Alone Personal Computers and Network Workstations: 
5. 
With regard to electronic data described in paragraph 1 above, which existed on 
fixed drives attached to stand-alone microcomputers and/or network workstations at the time of 
this letter's delivery: Your clients are not to alter or erase such electronic data, and are not to 
perform other procedures (such as data compressions and disk de-fragmentation or optimization 
routines) that may impact such data, unless a true and correct copy has been made of such active 
files and of completely restored versions of such deleted electronic files and file fragments, 
copies have been made of all directory listings (including hidden files) for all directories and 
subdirectories containing such files, and arrangements have been made to preserve such copies 
until the Litigation reaches final resolution. 
Programs and Utilities: 
6. 
Your clients are to preserve copies of all application programs and utilities, which 
may be used to process electronic Records covered by this letter. 
Log of System Modifications: 
EFTA00728496
--- PAGE 5 ---
7. 
Your clients are to maintain an activity log to document modifications made to 
any electronic data processing system that may affect the system's capability to process any 
electronic data described in paragraph 1 above, regardless of whether such modifications were 
made by employees, contactors, vendors and/or any other third parties. 
Personal Computers Used by Your Employees and/or Their Secretaries and 
Assistants: 
8. 
The following steps should immediately be taken in regard to all personal 
computers used by your clients' employees and/or their secretaries and assistants. 
a. 
b. 
As to fixed drives attached to such computers: (i) a true and 
correct copy is to be made of all electronic data covered by this 
letter on such fixed drives, including all active files and 
completely restored versions of all deleted electronic files and file 
fragments; (ii) full directory listings (including hidden files) for all 
directories and subdirectories (including hidden directories) on 
such fixed drives should be written; and (III) such copies and 
listings are to be preserved until the Litigation reaches final 
resolution. 
All magnetic tapes and cartridges, CD ROMs, jump drives, 
external hard drives and other media used in connection with such 
computers prior to the date of delivery of this letter containing any 
electronic data covered by this letter are to be collected and put 
into storage until the Litigation reaches final resolution. 
Evidence Created Subsequent to This Letter: 
9. 
With regard to electronic data created subsequent to the date of delivery of this 
letter, relevant evidence is not to be destroyed and your clients are to take whatever steps are 
appropriate to avoid destruction of evidence. 
In order to assure that you and your clients' obligation to preserve Records will be met, 
please forward a copy of this letter to all persons and entities with custodial responsibility for 
any of the Records referred to in this letter. 
Sincerely, 
Darren K. Indyke 
EFTA00728497

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728498.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 176 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/29/2010 Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE'S NOTICE THAT COUNT V OF HER FIRST AMENDED 
COMPLAINT [DE 38] SEEKS PUNITIVE DAMAGES AND PROTECTIVE MOTION FOR 
TECHNICAL AMENDMENT TO FIRST AMENDED COMPLAINT AND INCORPORATED 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe, hereby files this notice that she is seeking punitive damages in 
Count V of her First Amended Complaint [DE 38] and files a protective motion for, if 
necessary, a technical amendment of Count V of her First Amended Complaint [DE 38] to 
make clear that she seeks punitive damages on this cause of action. 
BACKGROUND 
Jane Doe's First Amended Complaint [DE 38] contains four operative counts — Counts 
1, 2, 3, and 5. (Count 4, the "RICO" count, was previously dismissed.) Count 2 is a federal 
cause of action under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, for which punitive damages are not provided. The 
other three causes of action are various state law causes of actions. Jane Doe intends to 
seek punitive damages under all three causes of action. 
EFTA00728498
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 176 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/29/2010 Page 2 of 4 
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRNJOHNSON 
In her First Amended Complaint, Jane Doe had specifically indicated that she sought 
"punitive damages" in Counts 1 and 3. With regard to Count 5, however, Jane Doe had 
simply included general language: 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe, demands judgment against the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages, attorney's fees, and such other 
and further relief as this Court deems just and proper, and hereby demands trial 
by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
In his recently filed pleading requesting a bifurcated trial, defendant Epstein seems to 
indicate some possible question about whether Count V is requesting punitive damages. See 
Defendant Epstein's Motion for Separate Trial or Bifurcation of Plaintiff's Punitive Damages 
Claims at 2, Case No. 9:08-CV-80893-KAM (DE 165] ("To the extent Plaintiff asserts that she 
is entitled to punitive damages if she proves the elements of "Count V 
) Accordingly, 
Jane Doe, through this pleading, wishes to make clear that she is requesting punitive 
damages on Count 5 to the maximum extent authorized by law. 
Punitive damages are 
specifically authorized by Florida law for Count V. See Fla. Stat. Ann. § 796.09(1) ("A person 
has a cause of action for compensatory and punitive damages against . 
."). To the extent 
that the Court believes that her First Amended Complaint must specifically alleged punitive 
damages in this Count in order for her to obtain them, Jane Doe respectfully requests that her 
First Amended Complaint be technically amended to include the three words "and punitive 
damages" in her request for damages in Count V. 
POSITION OF THE PARTIES 
Pursuant to Local Rule 7.1, the undersigned counsel and Epstein's counsel have 
conferred and were unable to reach an agreement. 
EFTA00728499
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 176 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/29/2010 Page 3 of 4 
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRAJJOHNSON 
CONCLUSION 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe, requests this Court acknowledge and affirm the request by Jane 
Doe that she be entitled to make a claim for punitive damages relative to Count V of her First 
Amended Complaint [DE 38], wherein Fla. Stat. § 796.09(1) specifically states within the 
statute that Plaintiff "has a cause of action" for such damages. Alternatively, Plaintiff seeks, if 
necessary, a technical amendment of Count V of her First Amended Complaint to make clear 
that she seeks punitive damages on this cause of action. 
DATED: June 29, 2010 
Respectfully Submitted, 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, 
FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
EFTA00728500
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 176 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/29/2010 Page 4 of 4 
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRAMOHNSON 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on June 29, 2010 I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing 
document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the manner 
specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in 
some other authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to receive 
electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
JooldbercierRagwoa.com
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
rcrittonebdclaw.com 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
isidrociarciaAbellsouth.net 
Michael James Pike 
MPike(akcIclaw.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
cassellpAlaw.utah.edu 
EFTA00728501

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728502.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728502.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 1N AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No: 502008CA37319XXXX MB AB 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ti
PLAINTIFF'S NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT THE UNDERSIGNED ATTORNEY WILL TAKE THE DEPOSITION OF: 
PATE AND TIME: 
LOCATION: 
October 20, 2009 
Esquire Court Reporters 
10:00 AM 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 10119 
upon an oral examination before a 14Mir7 Public or officer authorized by law to take depositions in 
the State of New York. The oral examihatiowwill continue from day to day until completed. The 
depositions are being taken for purposes of 'clisCov
- 
ery, for use at trial or are being taken for such 
other purposes as are permitted under the Rules of the Court. 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of this Notice was mailed this e 
day of September, 2009 to: Jack A. Goldberger, Esq., 250 Australian Avenue, Suite 1400, West 
Palm Beach, FL 334101; Bruce E. Reinhart, Esq., 250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400, West 
Palm Beach, FL 33401; Robert D. Critton, Jr., Michael J. Pike, 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
LEOPOLD-KUV1N, P.A. 
2925 PGA Boulevard, Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
BY: 
vin, 
Bar No: 089737 
EFTA00728502
--- PAGE 2 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PLAM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Plaintiff, 
Case No: 502009CA037319XXXXMB AB 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant.
PLAINTIFF'S NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITIOAt 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT THE UNDERSIGNED ATTORNEY WILL TAKE THE DEPOSITION OF: 
DATE AND TIME: 
LOCATION: 
October 19, 2009 
Esquire Court Reporters, One 
10:00 AM 
Penn Plaza, Suite 4715, New 
York, NY 10119 
upon an oral examination before a Notary Public or officer authorized by law to take depositions in 
the State of New York. The oral examination will continue from day to day until completed. The 
depositions are being taken for purposes of discovery, for use at trial or are being taken for such 
other purposes as are permitted under the Rules of the Court. 
i t REBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of this Notice was mailed this E_ 
day of -- fe 2009 to: Jack A. Goldberger, Esq., 250 Australian Avenue, Suite 1400, West Palm 
Beach, FL 334101; Bruce E. Reinhart Esq., 250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400, West Palm 
Beach, FL 33401; Robert D. Critton, Jr., Michael J. Pike, 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, West 
Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
LEOPOLD-KUVIN, P.A. 
2925 PGA Boulevard, Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
S yam" 
uvin, Esq. 
Florida Bar No: 089737 
EFTA00728503

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728504.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728504.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN 
\/A 
ME • 
in L
iig 
L 
agents 
Dr. Gino Yu 
Associate Professor 
Multimedia Innovation Centre, School of Design 
Hong Kong Polytechnic University 
Hun Horn, Hon Kong 
Dear Dr Yu, 
We are excited to support your proposal titled "A Software Toolkit for Creating 
Intelligent Non-Player Characters in Video Games." Your proposal addresses many of 
the most difficult issues we face in developing intelligent characters for games and virtual 
worlds. If you succeed in your research, the open-source software code you create will 
be extremely valuable to us in our work developing custom characters and character 
control systems for customers in the game and virtual world industries. Indeed, it should 
constitute the most advanced intelligent character control code anywhere in the world. 
To support your research and development efforts, we will contribute HK$280,000 in 
cash as matching fund sponsorship, should your proposal be selected for funding. In 
addition, we will also share our experiences in intelligent character development and AI 
development more generally with your team. We intend to apply your system in our US 
and Brazilian offices, and also potentially in an office in Xiamen, China that we intend to 
open in late 2010. 
We are very pleased to be playing a role in supporting your initiative and game 
development in Greater China. The prospective benefits to our company, and the 
industry as a whole, are immense. 
Ben Goertzel, 
Novamente LLC 
EFTA00728504

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728505.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728505.pdf
----------------------------------------
Summary R&D Plan for April-July 2009 
Novamente LLC 
Ben Goertzel, Cassio Pennachin 
April 10, 2009 
This brief document summarizes Novamente LLC's software R&D plans for 
April-July 2009. (It does not touch on any of Novamente's nor Biomind's consulting 
work; nor any of Ben's theoretical "math of Al" work.) 
The focus for this time period will be getting PLN (probabilistic logic), RelEx 
(language comprehension), NLGen (language generation) and virtual agent control (in 
the RealXTend virtual world) to work together within the OpenCogPrime (OCP) system 
(built within the OpenCog framework). As a main (but not exclusive) goal we will be 
seeking to demonstrate some examples of the use of embodied experience to help with 
natural language disambiguation (e.g. parse selection and anaphor resolution). 
At the end of this period we hope to have virtually embodied agents that can 
comprehend (using RelEx) and produce (using NLGen) simple English related to the 
objects and events in their virtual environment, and carry out some examples of simple 
(PLN-based) reasoning based on what they experience and what they intake via language. 
We are not aiming for any "human level Al" scale research breakthroughs during 
this period, but rather for the integration and further maturation of existing code and 
algorithms, with a view toward making an integrated platform within which dramatic 
breakthroughs can later occur (after some further work is done). Nevertheless, this work 
will be breaking exciting new ground, because no one has gotten inference, language and 
embodiment all working together before, even to the limited extent we're seeking to do 
over this time period. 
Team Members 
Name 
Focus 
Location 
Time 
Allocation 
Ben Goertzel 
Overall coordination; PLN 
inference; language generation 
USA 
Full time 
Cassio Pennachin 
Overall coordination and 
software architecture 
Brazil 
113 time 
Joel Pitt 
Integration of PLN and NLP 
New 
Zealand 
2/3 time 
Nil Geisweiller 
PLN inference 
Bulgaria 
Full time 
Carlos Lopes 
Integration of NL generation with 
OpenCogPrime 
Brazil 
Full Time 
Welter Silva 
Completion of integration of 
OpenCogPrime with RealXTend 
virtual world; OpenCog 
framework improvements 
Brazil 
Full Time 
Samir Araujo 
Integration of NL comprehension 
Brazil 
Full Time 
EFTA00728505
--- PAGE 2 ---
' (RelEx) with OpenCo Prime 
Murilo Queiroz 
Experimenting with use of virtual 
embodiment for NL 
disambiguation 
Brazil 
Half Time 
Ruiting Lian 
NLP: language generation 
China 
Half time 
Work Breakdown 
Here we describe this work in slightly more detail. 
Integration of NLP and OpenCogPrime software tools 
We currently have software for NL comprehension (RelEx) and generation 
(NLGen), but it has not been integrated with our OpenCog system for artificial cognition, 
reasoning, learning, etc. It is time to finally perform this integration. 
Carlos will complete the integration of RelEx (including the RelEx2Frame 
component) with OpenCog, and then carry out various RelEx improvements needed to 
make RelEx useful to virtually embodied agents. 
Samir will integrate the NLGen language generation framework with OpenCog, 
and carry out various NLGen extensions and improvements needed to make NLGen 
useful to virtually embodied agents. 
NL Generation Improvements 
Ruiting will continue her work on natural language generation, as our NL 
generation framework is not yet as mature as our NL comprehension framework. Her 
work is linguistic in focus and can proceed in parallel, largely independently of Samir's 
work integrating NL generation with OCP. 
Initial integration of NLP and PLN 
Joel will focus on using PLN to do inference on the output of RelEx's natural 
language comprehension functionality. (He will be aided off and on in this by Linas 
Vepstas, a Novamente employee who is using RelEx in a customer project, and may be 
using PLN as well in this context.) 
Murilo will focus specifically on uses of the system's virtually embodied 
experience to help with natural language disambiguation 
Further implementation, testing and tuning of PLN 
Joel will make various improvements and extensions to the PLN framework as 
needed in the course of getting language-based inference to work adequately. 
A number of PLN inference rules and formulas still need to be coded, for instance 
the ones handling spatial, temporal and intensional inference. Nil will code and test 
these, guided by the mathematics in the "Probabilistic Logic Networks" book and the 
EFTA00728506
--- PAGE 3 ---
"Real World Reasoning" (RWR) manuscript. As well as being helpful for our overall 
software project, this work will enable the completion of the examples in the RWR 
manuscript, which is expected by the publisher mid-summer. 
Virtual world integration improvements 
Currently the OCP system is integrated with the proprietary Multiverse virtual 
world platform, and partially integrated with the open-source RealXTend (Rex) virtual 
world platform. There are problems with both integrations but we feel the Rex 
integration is a better path forward because the open-source nature and relative simplicit 
of Rex allows problems to be more straightforwardly resolved. So, Welter will focus 
initially on completing the integration of OCP with Rex. 
EFTA00728507

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728508.pdf
----------------------------------------
4:00 PM 
11/17/09 
Accrual Basis 
LaserSculpt, Inc. 
Monthly Profit & Loss 
Ordinary Income/Expense 
Income 
October 2009 
Aug 09 
Sep 09 
Oct 09 
YTD TOTAL 
License Fees 
49.333 
$ 
187.333 
$ 
79,333 
$ 
786,000 
Procedure Revenue 
1,680 
1,680 
Sales 
41.640 
27.260 
48,840 
120.380 
Total Income 
90.973 
214.593 
129.853 
908.060 
Direct costs 
Brochures 
4.890 
4,890 
Dubbing 
2.066 
2.863 
6.429 
Media 
23.738 
76.831 
67,385 
215,946 
Shipping 
1.871 
13.715 
2,009 
17.967 
Telemarketing 
10.281 
19.451 
30,599 
63.818 
Total Direct costs 
37.955 
117.750 
99,993 
309.051 
Gross Profit 
53.018 
96.844 
29,860 
599,009 
Expenses 
Production costs 
589.709 
Bank Service Charges 
175 
150 
180 
955 
Computer and Internet Expenses 
4.840 
4.889 
Consulting Fees 
31.500 
15.750 
31,500 
176,000 
Credit card fees 
387 
2,349 
2.797 
Insurance Expense 
1.040 
773 
- 
1.813 
Interest Expense 
8.333 
8.333 
10,417 
35,417 
Legal and accounting fees 
10.000 
55,979 
65.979 
Meals and Entertainment 
575 
4.780 
516 
5,871 
Office Supplies 
371 
118 
514 
1.003 
Payroll Expenses 
Payroll Tax Expense 
2.265 
2.265 
5.974 
Postage and shipping 
1,607 
1,638 
Printing and Reproduction 
1.169 
- 
1.908 
Professional Fees 
8.200 
10.725 
Public Relations 
989 
714 
1.703 
Recruiting Fees 
Rent Expense 
5.000 
5.000 
5,000 
20.000 
Salaries 
22.708 
22.728 
21,146 
78.083 
Software license fees 
6,846 
6.846 
Talent fees 
5,000 
5,000 
Telephone Expense 
150 
150 
Travel Expense 
9.485 
15.440 
4,256 
32,548 
Web Hosting 
113 
193 
305 
Total Expense 
98.543 
84.763 
145.764 
1.049.411 
Net Ordinary Income 
(45.525) 
12.080 
(115.904) 
1.049.411 
Net Income 
$ 
(45,525) 
$ 
12,080 
$ 
(115,904) 
S (450,401) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00728508

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728509.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728509.pdf
----------------------------------------
MINKOFF & ASSOCIATES. L. L. C./REALTORS 
"THE HOME TEAMTM" 
SUITE 1 -- MLDICAL ARTS COMPLEX 
ST. THOMAS. VI 00802 
PHONE' 
FAX: 
THIS AGREEMENT/CONTRACT/OFFER TO PURCHASE dated the 5TH day of OCTOBER. 2010, between: 
BUYER(S): 
SELLER(S): 
Name(s): CHARLES E. ARTHUR & DEBRA J. GRAULICH 
Name(s): Fcji jFetEARkEpSTATE, INC. 
AND/OR ASSIGN 
Address: 6003 ESTATE SMITH BAY, 11B-3 
Address: 6100 RED HOOK PLAZA SUITE B-3 
ST. THOMAS. VI 00802 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
Phone:  
Phone:  
1. PROPERTY. Buyer hereby offers to purchase the following real estate from Seller: PARCEL NO. 45A, ESTATE 
BOLONGO BAY, FRENCHMAN'S BAY QUARTER, ST. THOMAS, UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS, CONSISTING 
OF 0.56+!- U. S. ACRE, AS MORE FULLY SHOWN AND DESCRIBED ON O. L. G. NO. G9.1394-T69, TAX PARCEL 
NO. 1-09401-0203-00. 
PURCHASE PRICE: The purchase price is FOUR HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND AND 00/100 DOLLARS 
(S450,000.00), payable as follows: 
(a) $1,000,00, which has been deposited in escrow with REALTOR° upon execution of this contract by Buyer as 
an earnest money deposit; and 
(b) AN ADITIONAL EARNEST MONEY DEPOSIT IN THE AMOUNT OF $44,000.00 ON THE SAME TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS AS (a) ABOVE, NOT LATER THAN 5•00 P. M. (AST) ON THE FIFTH (5TH) BUSINESS 
DAY AFTER ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT/CONTRACT/OFFER TO PURCHASE BY THE SELLER 
(c) The balance of the purchase price in cash or certified local funds at Closing. 
REALTORS agrees to hold the earnest money deposit in its escrow account and agrees to apply the earnest 
money as set forth herein. If mere is a dispute between Seller and Buyer over the return or forfeiture of the earnest 
money deposit held in its escrow account then the REALTOR° shall retain the earnest money deposit in its 
escrow account until it has received a written document from all parties consenting to its disposition, or until 
disbursement is ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction. REALTOR® shall be entitled to recover its expenses 
incurred in connection with such dispute out of the earnest money deposit. 
3. ACCEPTANCE. Buyer's offer must be accepted in writing by Seller within THREE (-3-) days of the date Buyer signs 
this Agreement/Contract/Offer to Purchase. If this Agreement/Contract/Offer is not accepted within this time period, then it 
shall terminate, and the earnest money deposit shall be promptly refunded to Buyer. 
4. CLOSING. The CLOSING shall take place at the Listing Broker's office (or at such other place as mutually agreed) in 
St. Thomas. the United States Virgin Islands, within FORTY FIVE (-45-) days of the date of the execution of this Contract 
by Seller. Unless either party has indicated in Paragraph 15 that time is of the essence with respect to the Closing, the 
Closing may take place at such later time as is mutually agreed upon by Seller and Buyer. All parties hereto acknowledge 
that there may be delays in the contemplated closing due to WO Islands Government delays including, but not limited to, 
obtaining Tax Clearance Letters and Deed Attests, and In processing the necessary documents for the closing, and/or 
delays due to the volume of work being processed by various service providers including, but not limited to, surveyors, 
appraisers. and are insurance companies. Possession shall be granted to Buyer at Closing, or in the event of a Land 
(Installment Sale) Contract under the terms thereof, or as otherwise agreed in writing. 
5. EXPENSES. Seller shall pay the cost of preparing the deed, recording any mortgage releases, and will pay the costs of 
securing the necessary attests and tax certificates Seller shall pay for and purchase the Transfer Tax Starpps for affixing 
an the deed. (Pursuant to Act No. 6630, of the Government of the Virgin Islands, effective December 23, 2003. the 
/ 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
Page 1 of 6 
f
R'ti
le
B 
S 
EFTA00728509
--- PAGE 2 ---
MINKOFF & ASSOCIATES, L. L. C./REALTORS 
"THE HOME TEAMTM" 
SUITE 1 -- MEDICAL ARTS COMPLEX 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
PHONE: 
FAX: 
AGREEMENT/CONTRACT/OFFER TO PURCHASE, BY AND BETWEEN NAME(S): CHARLES E. ARTHUR & DEBRA J. 
GAULICH AND/OR ASSIGN BUYER(S) AND FT REAL ESTATE, INC., C/O JEFFERY EPSTEIN, SELLER(S) 
DATED: OCTOBER 5, 2910 RE: PARCEL NO. 45A, ESTATE BOLONGO BAY, FRENCHMAN'S BAY QUARTER, ST. 
THOMAS, UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS, CONSISTING OF 0.58+!- U. S. ACRE, AS MORE FULLY SHOWN AND 
DESCRIBED ON 0. L G. NO. G9-13942769, TAX PARCEL NO. 1-09401-0203-00. 
documentary stamp. a/kJa Transfer Tax Stamp, amounts on the gross selling price of real property set by the Government 
of the Virgin Islands is two (2%) percent up to $350,000.00, two and one-half (2.5%) percent for property valued 
$350,001.00 to 31,000,000.00. three (3%) percent from 31,000,001 to $5,000,000.00; and three and one-half (3.5%) 
percent for property valued over $5,000,001.00). Real Estate taxes and interest, insurance, utility expenses, association 
assessments and dues, rent and/or security deposits, if any, shall be prorated to date of Closing between Buyer and 
Seller. All expenses of obtaining financing, preparing loan documents. installment sales contracts, new surveys. 
appraisals, inspections, title searches and examinations, title insurance, and the recording of same and the recording fees 
of the deed and any purchase money mortgage shall be paid by Buyer. Each party shall pay its own attorney's fees. 
(a) TAX OTHER PRORATIONS. Except as otherwise provided herein, prorations for "Taxes" (as that term is 
defined to include, but not be limited to, general or "ad valorem" property taxes, supplemental and special taxes, personal 
property taxes, special assessments and similar items of whatsoever type and nature) will be calculated in accordance 
with focal custom and based upon the most recent verifiable official tax information provided as of the day of closing by the 
local tax assessor or other applicable authority. Unless specifically provided otherwise in writing, Buyer assumes all 
obligations for Taxes and other charges for the Property after dosing. The proration for the day of closing shall be charged 
to Buyer. Settlement is final. THERE WILL BE NO ADJUSTMENTS OR REPRORATIONS WHATSOEVER AFTER 
CLOSING. This provision shall survive delivery of the deed and the closing. 
6. TITLE. At Closing, Seller shall convey good, marketao e, insurable fee simple title to the Property to the Buyer by 
Warranty Deed (unless another form of deed is specified in Paragraph 15) subject only to easements, covenants, 
restrictions, and rights of way of record that do not render the title unmarketable, any leases described herein, real 
property taxes due and payable, and all zoning, building and environmental, or other laws or regulations affecting the use 
or occupancy of the Property. SELLER AND BUYER HEREWITH AGREE THAT IT IS NOT IN THE INTEREST OF 
EITHER PARTY TO PERMIT AN ACTUAL OR PERCEIVED CONFLICT OF INTEREST RELATING TO THE TITLE 
INSURANCE THAT BUYER MAY OBTAIN. FOR THE PURPOSES OF A COMMITMENT FOR, OR ACTUAL, TITLE 
INSURANCE IN THIS CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION BUYER HEREWITH AGREES THAT BUYER SHALL NOT 
USE A TITLE INSURANCE AGENT OR COMPANY WHICH HAS A LEGAL OR FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP WITH THE 
BUYER OR BUYER'S LEGAL COUNSEL. Buyer shall have SEVEN (7) days from an accepted contract, to inspect the 
boundposts to the Property, and shall be deemed to consent to them unless Buyer files written objections by the end of 
that period with the Selling REALTOR®. In the event that Buyer notifies Seller that the boundposts cannot be located, then 
Seller shall provide for the placement of boundposts on the Property in identifiable positions, and in this event, Buyer shall 
have SEVEN (7) days from notification that the boundposts have been placed, and shall be deemed to consent to them 
unless Buyer files written objections by the end of that period with the Selling REALTOR°. Buyer shall be allowed to have 
title examined and shall promptly nobly Seller in writing of any title defects, zoning or deed restriction violations, or 
encroachments which may exist. Seller shall then have a reasonable opportunity to cure such objections, and may extend 
the date for Closing up to SIXTY (60) days after notification of the objections in order to cure them If Seller is unable to 
cure the objections, then Buyer shall have the right to terminate this Agreement/Contract/Offer, and receive a refund of the 
earnest money deposit, and no party shall have any further rights, claims, obligations or liabilities arising out of or resulting 
from this Agreement/Contract/Offer. If requested by the Buyer's tide insurance company, Seller shall also execute at 
Closing a standard owner's affidavit in a format reasonably acceptable to Buyer's title insurance company. 
7. INSPECTION. ENTRY AND BROKER INDEMNIFICATION. 
(a) Buyer or Buyer's designee shall inspect the Property within SEVEN (7) BUSINESS days of receipt of a fully 
executed copy of this AgreemenUGontract/Offer, for the purpose of inspecting the condition of the property. Buyer 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
Page 2 of 8 
EFTA00728510
--- PAGE 3 ---
MINKOFF & ASSOCIATES. L. L. C.IREALTORS .
"THE HOME TEAMTNI" 
SUITE 1 -- MEDICAL ARTS COMPLEX 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
PHONE: 
FAX: 
AGREEMENT/CONTRACT/OFFER TO PURCHASE, BY AND BETWEEN NAME(S): CHARLES E. ARTHUR & DEBRA J. 
GAULICH AND/OR ASSIGN BUYER(S) AND FT REAL ESTATE, INC., C/O JEFFERY EPSTEIN, SELLER(S) 
DATED: OCTOBER 5, 2010 RE' PARCEL NO. 45A, ESTATE BOLONGO BAY, FRENCHMAN'S BAY QUARTER, ST. 
THOMAS, UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS, CONSISTING OF 0.56+/- U. S. ACRE, AS MORE FULLY SHOWN AND 
DESCRIBED ON O. L G. NO. 69-1394-T69, TAX PARCEL NO. 1-09401-0203-00. 
shall have forty-eight (-48-) hours from the inspection in which to notify Seller or the Lusting REALTORein writing of 
Buyer's intention to cancel this Agreement/Contract/Offer, with neither party having any claim against the other. 
except that the deposit hereunder shall be refunded to Buyer forthwith and in full. The inspection period is a time 
period for Buyer to ascertain the condition of the Property with the knowledge and understanding that if the Buyer 
proceeds with the sale, Buyer is accepting the condition with no representations or warranties by Seller or 
REALT0R°  whatsoever, except as specifically set forth herein. In no case shall Seller or Sellers REALTOR° be 
held responsible for damages or physical defects to the Property. Seller and Seller's REALTOR•  make no 
personal or professional claims as to the condition of the Property. If Seller has provided a written disclosure 
statement, then it shall be attached to this Agreernent.Contrace Offer and made a part of it 
(b) Buyer and Buyer's agents, employees, independent contractors, engineers, surveyors and other 
representatives (collectively 'Agents") shall have the right to enter the Property at reasonable times for the 
purposes of performing appraisals, testing water samples, making surveys of the Property, and performing any 
and all other reasonable activities relating to the purchase of the Property. Buyer and such Agents shall make 
entry only after providing reasonable notice to Seller and any tenant or other occupant of the Property. Buyer 
agrees that the entry permitted by this paragraph shall not cause injury or damage to the Property. Buyer 
indemnifies and holds harmless Seller and Broker(s) against any such injury or damage caused by Buyer or its 
Agents. 
(e) Buyer and Seller acknowledge that the REALTOR(S)•  in the course of events leading to this Agreement/ 
Contract/Offer have advised Buyer and Se'er of the need for professional opinions, advice, counsel and other 
services for the protection of their interests or rights in this matter, including but not limited to: consultation with an 
attorney prior to the signing of this Agreement/Contract/Offer, and a professional inspection and evaluation of the 
Property by an engineer, surveyor or inspector to reveal any defects or deficiencies that may or may not be visually 
detectable. The undersigned parties hereby acknowledge that they have not received or relied upon any 
statements or representations made by REALTOR(S)•  which are not expressly set forth in this Agreement/ 
Contract/Offer. Seller and Buyer each hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless each REALTOR°, and its 
respective agents and employees from and against any and all claims. damage suits or causes of action for 
damages and other liabilities that may arise out of or result from this Agreement/Contract/Offer, the Closing of the 
purchase and sale contemplated hereunder, the condition of the Property, or otherwise, unless such liability was 
solely caused by the gross negligence or intentional misconduct of such REALTOR®. 
TERMITE INSPECTION WITH LIMITED DAMAGES: 
This Agreement/Contract/Offer to Purchase. IS contingent upon a TERMITE INSPECTION. 
PURCHASER'S INITIALS 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
'rails Agreement/Contract/Offer to Purchase is contingent upon a Termite Inspection, and if this contingency is not 
removed and/or acted upon by Purchaser for any reason whatsoever, of if Seller or Sellers Agent is not notified in writing 
by 5.00 P.M. by the FIFTH (5th) BUSINESS day after acceptance or this Agreement/Contract/Offer. ther this 
Aareement/Contract/Offer shall otherwise be in full force and effect. 
Buyer herewith requests, and Seller herewith agrees that seller shall order to be paid for by at SELLER'S sole 
expense, a Termite Inspection and provide, at the time of settlement, a written certification stating that the house and all 
improvements on the subject property show no evidence of active infestation by either termites or other wood-boring 
insects, according to careful visual inspection of all accessible areas in the house and other improvements of the subject 
property by an inspector satisfactory to Purchaser. Seller, at Seller's sole expense, shall exterminate if an active 
Page 3 of 8 
eyedg 
BUYER'S INIT 
/* 
SELLER'S INMALS 
EFTA00728511
--- PAGE 4 ---
MINKOFF & ASSOCIATES, L. L. C./REALTORS 
"THE HOME TEAMTM' 
SUITE 1 -- MEDICAL ARTS COMPLEX 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
PHONE 
FAX: 
AGREEMENT/CONTRACT/OFFER TO PURCHASE, BY AND BETWEEN NAME(S): CHARLES E. ARTHUR & DEBRA J. 
GAULICH AND/OR ASSIGN BUYER(S) AND FT REAL ESTATE, INC., CIO JEFFERY EPSTEIN, SELLER(S) 
DATED: OCTOBER 5, 2010 RE: PARCEL NO. 45A. ESTATE BOLONGO BAY, FRENCHMAN'S BAY QUARTER, ST. 
THOMAS. UNLTED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS, CONSISTING OF 0.56+S U S. ACRE, AS MORE FULLY SHOWN AND 
DESCRIBED ON O. L. G. NO. G9-1394-169, TAX PARCEL NO. 1-09401-0203-00. 
infestation of termites or wood-boring insects is found. Seller shall repair all termite damage or wood-boring Insect 
damage found by inspector, provided, however, that the maximum financial obligation of seller under terms of this 
paragraph for the combined cost of extermination, if required, and repairs. shall not exceed $ 3.000.00. If the estimate for 
the repair cost alone exceeds $ 3,000.00, Purchaser shall have FORTHY EIGHT hours following written notice to void 
subject Agreement/Contract/Offer to Purchase, in which case Purchasers deposit shall be returned in full. 
REFERRAL INDEMNIFICATION: 
Buyer acknowledges and agrees that this contemplated purchase encompasses many professional disciplines 
and while the Minkoff & Associates, L. L. C. and its respective agents and employees herein possess 
considerable general knowledge, Minkoff & Associates, L. L, C. and its respective agents and employees are not 
experts in matters including, but not limited to, law, tax, financing, land planning, surveying, structural 
conditions, environmental conditions, hazardous materials, architecture, engineering, design, construction, etc. 
Buyer acknowledges they have been advised by the Minkoff & Atteriates, L. L. C. and its respective agents and 
employees to seek competent professional advice and assistance in these and other areas of professional expertise and 
Minkoff & Associates, L L. C. and its respective agents and employees have agreed to consult with the Buyer to 
recommend what Minkoff & Associates, L. L. C. and its respective agents and employees believe to be experts in tnese 
and other professional disciplines. 
However. by providing Buyer names or sources for such advice and assistance, Buyer acknowledges and agrees that 
Minkoff & Associates. L. L. C. and its respective agents and employees do not warrant or guarantee the services and/or 
products. Buyer hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Minkoff & Associates, L. L C. and its respective agents 
and employees from and against any and all claims, damage suits or causes of action for damages and other liabilities 
that may anse out of or result from this Agreement/Contract/Offer to Purchase, the condition of the Property, or otherwise. 
unless such liability was solely caused by the gross negligence or intentional misconduct of Minkoff & Associates, L. L C. 
or its respective agents and employees. 
8. PROFESSIONAL SERVICE FEE (COMMISSION) AND AGENCY OF REALTOR(S)°. 
REPRESENTING BUYER: 
(a) The parties acknowledge that ROGER B MINKOFF of Minkoff and Associates, L.L.C. Is the Selling 
REALTORS and SHARON E. A. HUPPRICH of CALYPSO REALTY P. C. is the Listing REALTOR°  who brought 
about this transaction. Seller shall pay the Professional Service Fee (Commission) of SIX (6%) as stipulated in the 
Listing Agreement between SeNer and the Listing REALTOR°  at the time of the Closing. or as agreed to in writing 
by the parties. Listing REALTOR* agrees to share the above Professional Service Fee with Selling REALTOR°
equally at Closing. 
(b) Buyer acknowledges that the Listing REALTORs is an agent of the Seller in this transaction and is to be paid a 
Professional Service Fee (Commission) by Seller. Listing REALTOR°  in this transaction has not acted as an agent 
for the Buyer, has not been paid a commission by the Buyer, and is not representing the Buyer. 
(e) Buyer acknowledges that the Selling REAI.TORs is an agent pf the Buyer in this transaction and is to be paid a 
Professional Service Fee (Commission) by the Listing REALTOR*. Selling REALTOR in this transaction has not 
acted as an agent for the Seller, is not representing the Seller, and has not been paid a commission by the Buyer. 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
Page 4 of 8 
CUE'S iNm 
EFTA00728512
--- PAGE 5 ---
MINKOFF & ASSOCIATES, L. L. C./REALTORS'n
"THE HOME TEAMTm" 
SUITE 1 -- MEDICAL ARTS COMPLEX 
ST. THOMAS VI 00802 
PHONE 
FAX: 
AGREEMENT/CONTRACT/OFFER TO PURCHASE, BY AND BETWEEN NAME(S): CHARLES E ARTHUR & DEBRA J. 
GAULICH AND/OR ASSIGN BUYER(S) AND FT REAL ESTATE, INC., C/O JEFFERY EPSTEIN. SELLER(S) 
DATED: OCTOBER 5, 2010 RE: PARCEL NO. 45A, ESTATE BOLONGO BAY, FRENCHMAN'S BAY QUARTER, ST. 
THOMAS, UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS, CONSISTING OF 0.56+1- U. S. ACRE, AS MORE FULLY SHOWN AND 
DESCRIBED ON O. L. G. NO. 69-1394-T69, TAX PARCEL NO. 1-09401-0203-00. 
ONLY ONE BROKER ENTITLED TO COMMISSION: All parties agree that only SHARON E. A. HUPPRICH of CALYPSO 
REALTY P. C., a licensed real estate broker in the United States Virgin Islands. is entitled to claim a Professional Service 
Fee (commission) as a result of subject Agreernent/Contlact/Offer. Purchaser shah save and hold both Seller and Broker 
herein harmless and indemnify either and/or both from any and all actions or claims. including attorney's fees and court 
costs, in the event of demand for commission instituted by another broker as a result of any act or acts by Purchaser. 
Seller shall save and hold harmless and indemnify either and/or both from any and all actions or claims, including 
attorney's fees and court costs, in the event of a demand for Professional Service Fee (commission) instituted by another 
broker as a result of any act or acts by Seller. 
9. DEFAULT BY BUYER. If Seller accepts this AgreementiContracVOffer and if the transaction contemplated herein is 
not closed by reason of Buyer's default or failure or refusal to perform through no fault of Seller, then Seller shall have the 
right to elect either (i) to terminate this Ajreement/Contract/Offer, to have the earnest money deposit paid one-half to 
Seller and one-half to the REALTORS)  (but not to exceed the agreed commission) as full liquidated damages, and no 
party shall have any further rights, obligations or liabilities hereunder: or (ii) Seller may pursue an action for specific 
performance. 
10. DEFAULT BY SELLER. If Seller accepts this Agreement/Contract/Offer and if the transaction contemplated herein Is 
not closed by reason of Seller's default or failure or refusal to perform including, but no: limited to, by reason of a title 
defect which cannot be cleared before closing, through no fault of Buyer, then Buyer shall have the right to elect either (i) 
to terminate this Agreement/Contract/Offer, and receive a refund of the earnest money deposit paid hereunder, and Seller 
shall be liable to Buyer and REALTOR® for all expenses incurred in connection with this contract and after payment thereof 
no party shah have any further rights, obligations or liabilities hereunder, except that Seller shall be obligated to 
immediately pay Listing REALTORS the full Professional Service Fee (Commission) set forth in the Listing Agreement, or 
(ii) Buyer may pursue an action for specific performance. 
11. DESTRUCTION OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY. Unless Buyer takes possession of the Property prior to Closing. 
Seller shall bear the risk of loss prior to Closing, including but not limited to total or partial destruction of the Property and 
its contents due to casualty. Seller shall deliver the Property in substantially the same condition as it existed at the time of 
the execution of this Agreement/Contract/Offer by Seller (reasonable wear and tear excepted), and shall adequately 
maintain and repair it until Closing. If prior to Closing, any improvements located on the Property are destroyed or 
damaged by lire or other casualty to the extent that the cost of repair or replacement shall exceed ten percent (10%) of the 
Purchase Price, then either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement/Contract/Offer by providing written notice 
to the other party prior to Closing, in which event, the earnest money deposit shall be returned to the Buyer and no party 
shall have any further rights, obligations or liabilities hereunder. If neither party elects to terminate this 
Agreement/Contract/Offer, then Setter shall either (i) restore the Property to its condition at the time this 
Agreement/Contract/Offer was accepted; (ii) convey it to Buyer with an appropriate reduction in the Purchase Price; or (iii) 
convey the Property to the Buyer at the stated Purchase Pr:ce, along with an assignment of all insurance proceeds. In the 
case of option (i), the Closing will be postponed for a reasonable period of time to allow Seller to make such repairs. In the 
event that Buyer takes possession of the Property prior to Closing, all risk of loss is on the Buyer. in which case Buyer may 
not terminate this Agreement/Contract/Offer in the event of total or partial destruction of the premises due to casualty or 
other loss, obtain a reduction in the purchase price, or obtain an assignment of insurance proceeds. 
12. PERSONAL PROPERTY. The Property, if improved, is being sold with the following fixtures, appliances and 
equipment, if any, and same shall be included in this transaction, and shall be in good working order at time of closing: all 
plumbing and electrical, systems, including water pumps and swimming pool pump and filters, the hot water heater(s). 
cen'trai cooling and air condit oning systems, fixed carpeting, major kitchen appliances (stove, refrigerator, dishwasher), 
buict-in cabinets, TV antennae. security alarm system and overhead fan(s). Any other personal property (foil example. 
Page 5018 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
BU R'S ifialtiA,LS 
EFTA00728513
--- PAGE 6 ---
MINKOFF & ASSOCIATES, L. L. C./REALTORSn
"THE HOME TEAMTM" 
SHI IE 1 MFDICAI AR I S COMPLEX 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
PHONE 
FAX: 
AGREEMENT/CONTRACT/OFFER TO PURCHASE, BY AND BETWEEN NAME(S): CHARLES E. ARTHUR & DEBRA J. 
GAULICH AND/OR ASSIGN BUYER(S) AND FT REAL ESTATE, INC.. C/O JEFFERY EPSTEIN, SELLER(S) 
DATED: OCTOBER 5. 2010 RE: PARCEL NO. 45A, ESTATE BOLONGO BAY, FRENCHMAN'S BAY QUARTER, ST. 
THOMAS, UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS, CONSISTING OF 0.58+1- U. S. ACRE, AS MORE FULLY SHOWN AND 
DESCRIBED ON O. L. G. NO. G9-1394.789, TAX PARCEL NO. 1.09401-0203-00. 
furniture) included in this transaction must be described on an attached inventory and made a part of this Agreement/ 
Contract/Offer. AN INVENTORY UST SATISFACTORY TO THE BUYERS SHALL BE PROVIDED NOT LATER THAN 
THE TENTH (10TH) DAY AFTER ACCEPTANCE BY THE SELLER OF THIS AGREEMENT/CONTRACT/OFFER TO 
PURCHASE FOR THE PURPOSE OF REVIEWING THE INVENTORY ITEMS. BUYER SHALL HAVE FORTY-EIGHT (-
48-) HOURS FROM THE INSPECTION IN WHICH TO NOTIFY SELLER OR THE LISTING REALTOR® IN WRITING OF 
BUYER'S INTENTION TO CANCEL THIS AGREEMENT/CONTRACT/OFFER. WITH NEITHER PARTY HAVING ANY 
CLAIM AGAINST THE OTHER, EXCEPT THAT THE DEPOSIT HEREUNDER SHALL BE REFUNDED TO BUYER 
FORTHWITH AND IN FULL 
13. FINANCING. Buyer's obligations under this Agreement/Contract/Offer are subject to and contingent upon Buyer being 
able to obtain a commitment for a satisfactory mortgage loan on the Property from lending institution doing business in the 
U S. Virgin Islands within THIRTY (-30-) days of the date of the execution hereof by Seller. If, after diligent effort, the Buyer 
is unable to obtain a commitment for a satisfactory mortgage loan, this Agreerner1/ Contract/Offer shall terminate and the 
Buyer's deposit shall be promptly refunded in full. For the purpose of this Agreement/Contract/ Offer, a -Satisfactory 
mortgage loan" shad be in an amount of not less than EIGHTY PERCENT 
(-80-%) of the purchase price as noted in paragraph no. 2, above, payable in monthly installments of principal and interest 
over not less than Thirty (-30-) years, with interest at the prevailing rate, provided that Buyer, at Buyer's option, may accept 
a loan of a lesser amount Buyer agrees to use diligent efforts to obtain a commitment for a satisfactory mortgage loan. 
For the purposes of this Agreement/Contract/Offer, 'diligent efforts' shall require the Buyer to apply for a mortgage loan to 
a lending institution doing business in the U.S. Virgin Islands within SEVEN (-7-) BUSINESS days of execution of this 
Agreement/Contract/Offer by the Seller, and comply with the lender's requirements fo• the payment of fees and production 
of documents. 
14. MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement/Contract/Offer constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto and 
no representations, agreements, inducements or provisions other than those expressly set forth herein shall be binding. 
All changes. additions or deletions to this Agreement/Contract/Offer must be in writing and signed by all parties. All notices 
must be in writing and may be delivered via confirmed facsimile transmission, hand delivery, courier, or by confirmed mail 
delivery to the other party or its attorney or agent. The notice shall be effective when hand delivered or date sent, as 
evidenced by the delivery confirmation. The parties agree that signatures by facsimile will be binding. This Agreement/ 
Contract/Offer, regardless where it is signed, shall be deemed to have been made in the United States Virgin Islands and 
shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the United States Virgin Islands. Buyer shall not have 
the right to assign any of Buyer's rights or obligations under this Agreement/Contract/Offer without the prior written consent 
of SeUer, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. This Agreement/Contract/Offer shall be binding upon and 
shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, representatives, successors and assigns As used 
herein, words in the singular shall include the plural and the masculine shall include the feminine and neuter genders, as 
appropriate. At Closing, the Seller shall also comply with the withholding tax requirements imposed by Section 1445 of the 
Internal Revenue Code. 
15. OTHER CONDITIONS. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING CONTINGENCIES ARE NOT FULFILLED OR TERMINATED 
BY !TS/THEIR TERM(S), WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD SPECIFIED THEREIN, THEN THIS 
AGREEMENT/CONTRACT/OFFER TO PURCHASE SHALL TERMINATE. AND THE EARNEST MONEY DEPOSIT 
SHALL BE PROMPTLY REFUNDED TO BUYER. (IF NONE, SO STATE): 
(A) THE RESPONSIBILITY THAT ALL APPLIANCES SHALL BE IN GOOD WORKING ORDER AT THE TIME OF 
CLOSING SHALL BE THAT OF THE SELLER; 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
Page 6 of 8 
(Su R'
I 
LS 
EFTA00728514
--- PAGE 7 ---
MINKOFF & ASSOCIATES, L. L. C./REALTORS' 
"THE HOME TEAMTM
SUITE 1 MEDICAI. AR- S COMPLEX 
SI. 1HOMAS. VI 00802 
PHONE 
FAX: 
AGREEMENT/CONTRACT/OFFER TO PURCHASE, BY AND BETWEEN NAME(S): CHARLES E. ARTHUR & DEBRA J. 
GAULICH AND/OR ASSIGN BUYER(S) AND FT REAL ESTATE, INC., O/O JEFFERY EPSTEIN, SELLER(S) 
DATED: OCTOBER 5, 2010 RE: PARCEL NO. 45A, ESTATE BOLONGO BAY, FRENCHMAN'S BAY QUARTER, ST. 
THOMAS, UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS, CONSISTING OF 056+/- U. S. ACRE, AS MORE FULLY SHOWN AND 
DESCRIBED ON O. L. G. NO. 69-1394-T69, TAX PARCEL NO. 1-09401-0203-00. 
(B) THERE SHALL BE Al/VALK THROUGH' OF THE PROPERTY NOT LATER THAN TWO (2) DAYS PRIOR 
TO CLOSING, AT WHICH TIME THE PROPERTY SHALL BE IN SUBSTANTIALLY THE SAME CONDITION AS IT IS AT 
THE TIME OF THE ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT/CONTRACT/OFFER TO PURCHASE, EXCEPT THAT 
SELLERS SHALL HAVE FULLY INSTALLED IN GOOD WORKING ORDER THE FOUR NEW AIR CONDITIONAING 
UNITS PRESENTLY LOCATED ON TEH OUSIDE OF THE NORTHSIDE OF THE RESIDENCE: 
(C) BUYER SHALL HAVE FIVE (5) BUSINESS DAYS AFTER ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT/ 
CONTRACT/OFFER TO PURCHASE TO HAVE BUYERS LEGAL COUNSEL REVIEW This AGREEMENT/ 
CONTRACT/OFFER TO PURCHASE, AND IF FOR ANY REASON. OR NO REASON, BUYER'S LEGAL COUNSEL IS 
NOT SATISFIED BUYER SHALL NOTIFY SELLER OR SELLERS AGENT AND BUYERS EARNEST MONEY DEPOSIT 
SHALL BE REFUNDED IN FULL AND FORTHWITH. 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY LANGUAGE STATED IN THE HUD-1 (CLOSING STATEMENT) PERTAINING TO 
THIS CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION, THE PARTIES HERETO UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT FROM TIME TO 
TIME ERRORS ARE MADE IN THE HUD-1, AND HEREWITH AGREE THAT THEY SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR 
RIGHTING ANY ERROR MADE AT THE TIME THE ERROR(S) ARE BROUGHT TO THEIR ATTENTION. 
THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.
SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE 818 
THIS AGREEMENT/CONTRACT OF SALE/OFFER TO PURCHASE BECOMES A BINDING LEGAL CONTRACT 
WHEN EXECUTED BY ALL PARTIES, AND 
EACH PARTY HERETO. BY THEIR SIGNATURES, ACKNOWLEDGE 
THAT THEY HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
All parties to this Agreement/Contract/Offer, by their signatures, acknowledge receipt of a true copy of this agreement. 
SIGNATURES: 
UYE : CHARLES E. 
THUR 
DATE 
BY: 
SELLER'S INITIALS 
EFTA00728515
--- PAGE 8 ---
MINKOFF & ASSOCIATES, L. L. C./REALTORS`P
"THE HOME TEAMTM
SUITE 1 -- MEDICAL AR- S COMPLEX 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
PHONE: (340) 774-7827 
FAX: (340) 774-7829 
AGREEMENT/CONTRACT/OFFER TO PURCHASE, BY AND BETWEEN NAME(S) CHARLES E. ARTHUR & DEBRA J. 
GAULICH AND/OR ASSIGN BUYER(S) AND FT REAL ESTATE. INC.. C/O JEFFERY EPSTEIN, SELLER(S) 
DATED: OCTOBER 5, 2010 RE: PARCEL NO. 45A, ESTATE BOLONGO BAY, FRENCHMAN'S BAY QUARTER, ST. 
THOMAS, UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS, CONSISTING OF 0.56+!- U. S. ACRE, AS MORE FULLY SHOWN AND 
DESCRIBED ON O. I.. G. NO. G9.1394-T69. TAX PARCEL NO. 1-09401-0203-00. 
SELLER. FT REAL ESTATE, INC 
DATE 
17M, tACc.-• 
6116T 
RECEIPT is hereby acknowledged of the payment of ONE THOUSAND AND 00/100 DOLLARS ($1,000.00) to the Escrow 
Account of Minkoff & Associates, L.L.C. as stipulated in the above Offer to Purchase, as the earnest money deposit. (If 
payment is Q1ade it` the form of a 
~Offg r is subject tot le ion of funds.) Check No.1 tal-rit 
 drawn on the 
account of 
• 
4.... 
• 
- • 
. at the Name of Institution) 
.n l 
. 
, in the City and State/Territory of 5te 
lif 
 The Real Estate Agency 
represents these funds will be deposited within two (2) banking days of the accepts 
date. IF SELLING REALTORS
AND LISTING REALTORS ARE NOT ONE AND THE SAME, ALL PARTIES HERETO AGREE THAT SAID FUNDS MAY 
BE TRANSFERRED BY THE SELLING REALT 
s TO THE ESCROW ACCOUNT OF THE LISTING REALTOR. . 
( 
ft-is...0Kr 
MINKOFF & ASSOCIATES, L.L.C., BY:  
 Date: Ib•S•1O 
S LUNG REALT 
OFF TOSTS. 45A Belong°, FT b Arthur anu Graulitn, 10,05 10, VI 
SEILER'S INMALS 
at
ea 
l
VER. ' ie 
Page 8 of 8 
EFTA00728516

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728517.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728517.pdf
----------------------------------------
Awe 
SEA GLASS PROPERTIES 
£32sYachr Haven Grande, suite K6 
Cr Wows, VI 00802 
Contract of Sale 
THIS CONTRACT OF SALE dated the 8TH day of November 2010 between: 
BUYER(S): 
Melvin V. Lewis and/or assigns 
SELLERS(S): 
FT Real Estate Inc. 
Names(s): 
Address: 
(. D • 
y "_3b3S-g-‘ 
Phone: 
Fax: 
--ttA kAkr VI; • ODET3 
1. 
PROPERTY: Buyer hereby offers to purchase the following real estate from Seller: 
Parcel No.: 
45A 
Estate: 
BOLONGO 
Quarter: 
FRENCHMAN'S 
BAY 
St. THOMAS 
USVI 
Tax Parcel No.: 
1-09401-0203-00 
Public Survey No.: G9-1394-T69 
Approximate acreage: 
Further Description: 
BEDROOM 7 BATH MASONRY HOME 
2. 
PURCHASE PRICE/DEPOSIT: The purchase price is: four hundred twenty 
five thousand ($425,000) dollars 
payable as follows: 
(a) 
$0 which has been deposited in escrow with Selling Realtor upon execution 
of this contract by Buyer as an earnest money deposit; 
(b) 
Balance of 1% of the purchase price to be deposited in escrow in Realtor's 
account within 5 days of Seller's acceptance of offer. 
(c) 
The balance of the purchase price in cash or certified local funds at closing. 
Realtor agrees to hold the earnest money deposit in its trust account and agrees to 
apply the earnest money as set forth herein. If there is a dispute between Seller and 
Buyer over the return or forfeiture of the earnest money deposit held in its trust account, 
then the Realtor shall retain the earnest money deposit in its trust account until it has 
received a written release from all parties consenting to its disposition, or until 
disbursement is ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction. Realtor shall be entitled to 
St Thomas Board of Realtors Contract of Sale 
Seller(s) initials: 
Buyer(s) initials 
EFTA00728517
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 
recover its expenses incurred in connection with such a dispute out of the earnest 
money deposit. 
3. 
ACCEPTANCE. Buyer's offer must be accepted in writing by Seller within 2 days 
of the date Buyer signs this Contract. If this Contract is not accepted within this time 
period, then it shall terminate, and the earnest money deposit shall be promptly 
refunded to Buyer. 
4. 
CLOSING. The closing shall take place in St. Thomas, USVI within 60 days  of 
the date of execution of this Contract by the Seller. Unless either party has indicated in 
Paragraph 15 that time is of the essence with respect to the Closing, the Closing may 
take place at such later time as is mutually agreed upon by Seller and Buyer. 
Possession shall be granted to Buyer at closing unless otherwise agreed in writing by 
Seller and Buyer. 
5. 
EXPENSES. Seller shall pay the costs of preparing the deed, recording any 
mortgage releases, securing the necessary attests and tax certificates, and affixing the 
transfer tax stamps on the deed. 
Real estate taxes, insurance, utility expenses, 
association assessments and dues, rent and/or security deposits, if any, shall be 
prorated to the date of Closing between Seller and Buyer. Unless otherwise indicated in 
Paragraph 15, adjustments for real property taxes shall be based upon the most recent 
tax bill available. All expenses of obtaining financing, preparing loan documents, 
installment sales contracts, new surveys, appraisals, inspections, title examinations, title 
insurance, and the recording fees of the deed and any purchase money mortgage shall 
be paid by the Buyer. Each party shall pay its own attorney's fees. 
6. 
TITLE. At Closing, Seller shall convey good, marketable and insurable fee 
simple title to the Property to the Buyer by Warranty Deed (unless another form of deed 
is specified in Paragraph 15) subject only to easements, covenants, restrictions, and 
rights of way of record that do not render the title unmarketable, any leases described 
herein, and all zoning, building, environmental, or other laws or regulations affecting the 
use or occupancy of the Property. Buyer shall have 10 days from an accepted contract, 
to inspect the bound posts to the Property, and shall be deemed to consent to them 
unless Buyer files written objections by the end of that period with the Selling Realtor. In 
the event that Buyer notifies Seller that the bound posts cannot be located, then Seller 
shall provide for the placement or location of bound posts on the property in identifiable 
positions. Buyer shall be allowed to have the title examined and shall promptly notify 
Seller in writing of any title defects, zoning or deed restriction violations, or 
encroachments which may exist. Seller shall then have a reasonable opportunity to cure 
such objections, and may extend the date for closing up to sixty (60) days after 
notification of the objections in order to cure them. If Seller is unable to cure the 
objections, then Buyer shall have the right to terminate this contract, and receive a 
refund of the earnest money deposit, and no party shall have any further rights, claims, 
obligations or liabilities arising out of or resulting from this contract. If requested by the 
Buyer's title insurance company, Seller shall also execute at closing a standard form 
owner's affidavit in a format reasonably acceptable to Buyer's title insurance company. 
7. 
INSPECTION, ENTRY AND BROKER INDEMNIFICATION. 
(a) 
Buyer or Buyer's designee shall inspect the property within 10 days of 
receipt of a fully executed copy of this Contract, for the purpose of inspecting the 
St Thomas Board of Realtors Contract of Sale 
Seller(s) 
Buyer(s) 
litt17
EFTA00728518
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 6 
condition of the property. Buyer shall have forty-eight (48) hours from the inspection in 
which to notify Seller or the listing Realtor in writing of Buyer's intention to cancel this 
Contract, with neither party having any claim against the other, except that the deposit 
paid hereunder shall be refunded to Buyer forthwith and in full. The inspection period is 
a time period for Buyer to ascertain the condition of the property with the knowledge that 
if Buyer proceeds with the sale, Buyer is accepting the condition with no representations 
or warranties by the Seller or Realtor whatsoever, except as specifically set forth herein. 
In no case shall Seller, or Seller's Realtor be held responsible for damages or physical 
defects to the property. Seller and Seller's Realtor make no personal or professional 
claims as to the condition of the property. If Seller has provided a written disclosure 
statement, then it shall be attached to this Contract and made a part of it. 
(b) 
Buyer and Buyer's agents, employees, independent contractors, 
engineers, surveyors and other representatives (collectively "Agents") shall have the 
right to enter the Property at reasonable times for the purposes of performing 
appraisals, testing water samples, making surveys of the Property, and performing any 
and all other reasonable activities relating to the purchase of the Property. Buyer and 
such Agents shall make entry only after providing reasonable notice to Seller and any 
tenant or other occupant of the Property. Buyer agrees that the entry permitted by this 
paragraph shall not cause injury or damage to the Property. Buyer indemnifies and 
holds harmless Seller and Broker(s) against any such injury or damage caused by 
Buyer or its Agents. 
(c) 
Buyer and Seller acknowledge that the Realtor(s) in the course of events 
leading to this contract have advised Buyer and Seller of the need for professional 
opinions, advice, counsel and other services for the protection of their interests or rights 
in this matter, including but not limited to: consultation with an attorney prior to the 
signing of this contract, and professional inspection and evaluation of the Property by an 
engineer, surveyor or inspector to reveal any defects or deficiencies that may or may 
not be visually detectable. The undersigned parties hereby acknowledge that they have 
not received or relied upon any statements or representations made by the Realtor(s) 
which are not expressly set forth in this Contract. Seller and Buyer each hereby agree to 
indemnify and hold harmless each Realtor, and its respective agents and employees 
from and against any and all claims damages suits or causes of actions for damages 
and other liabilities that may arise out of or result from this contract the closing of the 
purchase and sale contemplated hereunder the condition of the Property, or otherwise, 
unless such liability was solely caused by the gross negligence or intentional 
misconduct of such Realtor. 
8. 
COMMISSION AND DECLARATION OF AGENCY BY REALTOR(S). 
(a) 
The parties acknowledge that Kerstin McConnell of Sea Glass Properties, 
LLC is the Selling Realtor and Sharon Hupprich of Calypso Realty is the Listing Realtor 
who brought about this transaction. Seller shall pay the professional service fee 
("commission") as stipulated in the listing agreement between Seller and the listing 
Realtor at the time of closing, or in the case of any installment sales contract, upon the 
execution of the installment sales contract, or as otherwise agreed to in writing by the 
parties. 
(b) 
Buyer acknowledges that the listing Realtor and any selling Realtor are 
agents of the Seller in this transaction and are to be paid a commission by Seller. 
St Thomas Board of Realtors Contract of Sale 
Seller(s) initials:  
Buyer(s) initials 
EFTA00728519
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of S 
Unless otherwise provided in Paragraph 15, the listing Realtor and any selling Realtor in 
this transaction have not acted as an agent for the Buyer, have not been paid a 
commission by the Buyer, and are not representing the Buyer. 
9. 
DEFAULT BY BUYER. If Seller accepts this Contract and if the transaction 
contemplated herein is not closed by reason of Buyer's default or failure or refusal to 
perform through no fault of the Seller, then Seller shall have the right to elect either (i) to 
terminate this Agreement, to have the earnest money deposit paid one-half to Seller 
and one half to the Realtor(s) (but not to exceed the agreed commission) as full 
liquidated damages, and no party shall have any further rights, obligations or liabilities 
hereunder; or (ii) Seller may pursue an action for specific performance. 
10. 
DEFAULT BY SELLER. If the Seller accepts this Contract and if the transaction 
contemplated herein is not closed by reasons of Seller's default or failure or refusal to 
perform, through no fault of the Buyer, then Buyer shall have the right to elect either (i) 
to terminate this Agreement, and receive a refund of the earnest money deposit paid 
hereunder, and no party shall have any further rights, obligations or liabilities hereunder, 
except that Seller shall be obligated to immediately pay Broker the full Commission as 
set forth in the listing agreement, or (ii) Buyer may pursue an action for specific 
performance. 
11. 
DESTRUCTION OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY. Unless Buyer takes possession 
of the property prior to Closing, Seller shall bear the risk of loss prior to Closing, 
including but not limited to total or partial destruction of the property and its contents 
due to casualty. Seller shall deliver the property in substantially the same condition as it 
existed at the time of the execution of this Offer by the Seller (reasonable wear and tear 
excepted), and shall adequately maintain and repair it until Closing. If prior to closing, 
any improvements located on the Property are destroyed or damaged by fire or other 
casualty to the extent that the cost of repair or replacement shall exceed ten percent 
(10.0%) of the Purchase Price, then either party shall have the right to terminate this 
contract by providing written notice to the other party prior to closing, in which event, the 
earnest money deposit shall be returned to Buyer and no party shall have any further 
rights, obligations or liabilities hereunder. If neither party elects to terminate this 
contract, then Seller shall either (i) restore the Property to its condition at the time this 
Offer was accepted; or (ii) convey it to Buyer with an appropriate reduction in the 
purchase price; or (iii) convey the property to the Buyer at the stated purchase price, 
along with an assignment of all insurance proceeds. In the case of option (i), the closing 
will be postponed for a reasonable period of time to allow Seller to make such repairs. 
In the event that Buyer takes possession of the property prior to Closing, all risk of loss 
is on the Buyer, in which case Buyer may not terminate this contract in the event of a 
total or partial destruction of the premises due to casualty or other loss, obtain a 
reduction in the purchase price, or obtain an assignment of the insurance proceeds. 
12. 
PERSONAL PROPERTY. The Property, if improved, is being sold with the 
following fixtures, appliances and equipment shall be included in this transaction: all 
plumbing and electrical systems, including water pumps, the hot water heater(s), major 
kitchen appliances (stove, refrigerator, dishwasher), built-in cabinets and overhead 
fan(s), and all air-conditioning units and associated hardware. Any other personal 
property (for example, furniture) included in this transaction must be described on an 
attached inventory and made a part of this contract. 
St Thomas Board of Realtors Contract of Sale 
Seller(s) initials: 
Buyer(s) initials:  
EFTA00728520
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 of 6 
13. 
FINANCING. 
Buyer's obligations under this Contract are subject to and 
contingent upon the Buyer being able to obtain a commitment for a satisfactory 
mortgage loan on the property from a lending institution doing business in the U.S. 
Virgin Islands within 5 days of the date of execution hereof by Seller. If. after diligent 
effort, the Buyer is unable to obtain a commitment for a satisfactory mortgage loan this 
Agreement shall terminate and the Buyer's deposit shall be promptly refunded in full. 
For the purpose of this Contract, a "satisfactory mortgage loan" shall be in an amount of 
not less than 100% of the purchase price payable in monthly installments of principal 
and interest over not less than 30 years, with interest at the prevailing rate, provided 
that Buyer, at Buyer's option, may accept a loan of lesser amount. The Buyer agrees to 
use diligent efforts to obtain a commitment for a satisfactory mortgage loan. Buyer 
agrees to apply for a mortgage loan to a lending institution doing business in the U. S. 
Virgin Islands within seven (7) business days of execution of this contract by the Seller, 
and to comply with the lender's requirements for the payment of fees and production of 
documents. 
14. 
MISCELLANEOUS. This contract constitutes the entire agreement between the 
parties hereto and no representations, agreements, inducements or provisions other 
than those expressly set forth herein shall be binding. All changes, additions or 
deletions to this contract must be in writing and signed by all parties. All notices shall be 
in writing and may be delivered via confirmed facsimile transmission, hand delivery, 
courier. or by confirmed mail delivery to the other party or its attorney or agent. The 
notice shall be effective when hand delivered or the date sent, as evidenced by the 
delivery confirmation. The parties agree that signatures by facsimile will be binding. This 
contract, regardless of where it is signed, shall be deemed to have been made in the 
United States Virgin Islands and shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance 
with the laws of the United States Virgin Islands. Buyer shall not have the right to assign 
any of Buyer's rights or obligations under this contract without the prior written consent 
of Seller, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. This contract shall be 
binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective 
heirs, representatives, successors and assigns. As used herein, words in the singular 
shall include the plural and the masculine shall include the feminine and neuter 
genders, as appropriate. At Closing, the Seller shall also comply with the withholding tax 
requirements imposed by Section 1445 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
15. 
OTHER CONDITIONS: The Buyer's deadline to notify Seller of Buyer's intention to 
cancel this contract because of matters disclosed by the inspection report expires 48 
hours from the end of the inspection period. This supersedes any language to the 
contrary in the contract. 
Deposits shall be made to the Selling Realtor's Escrow account. 
BUYER IS PREQUALIFIED WITH FIRST LIBERTY MORTGAGE. BUYER IS 
APPLYING FOR A 100% VA LOAN. BUYER HAS HIS VA CERTIFICATE. 
16. 
LEAD WARNING DISCLOSURE AND 10 DAY INSPECTION PERIOD OR 
WAIVER ATTACHED IF APPLICABLE. N/A 
St Thomas Board of Realtors Contract of Sale 
Seller(s) initials.  
Buyer(s) initials.  Mt, 
EFTA00728521
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 of 6 
THIS CONTRACT OF SALE BECOMES A BINDING LEGAL CONTRACT WHEN 
EXECUTED BY ALL PARTIES, AND EACH PARTY SHOULD READ AND 
UNDERSTAND ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 
Buyer MELVIN V. LEWIS 
SS# 
Buyer 
SS# 
Date 
ai ttr/ I D 
Date 
Seller 
FT REAL ESTATE INC. 
Date 
SS# 
Seller 
SS# 
Witness 
Witness 
Date 
RECEIPT is hereby acknowledged of the payment (check) (cash) of $ 
to the Escrow Account 
of  
, as stipulated in this Contract of Sale as the initial earnest money deposit. The 
undersigned Realtor represents that these funds will be deposited within two (2) banking days of 
the Acceptance Date. 
Date. 
St Thomas Board of Realtors Contract of Sale 
Seller(s) 
Buyerts) initials ttv
EFTA00728522

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728523.pdf
----------------------------------------
AGREEMENT FOR SALE AND PURCHASE 
THIS AGREEMENT FOR SALE AND PURCHASE, dated January 
, 
2010, by and among: 
BUYER: 
Name: Jeffrey Epstein 
6100 Red Hook Quarter 
Suite B-3 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
SELLERS: 
Name: Christian Kjaer 
Helle Bundgaard 
Steen Bundgaard 
John Knud Furst 
Kim Furst 
Nina Furst 
c/o Keven F. 
Esq. 
M. Box 583 
Princeton, NJ 08542 
WHEREAS, Buyer desires to preserve the natural environment of Great St. James 
Island, and in connection therewith desires to purchase from Sellers Great St. James Island and 
other real property, as described below, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement; and 
WHEREAS, Sellers desire to sell to Buyer said real property, upon the terms and 
conditions set forth in this Agreement; 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the provisions 
contained in this Agreement, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
1. 
PROPERTY: Buyer hereby agrees to purchase from Sellers and take title to, and 
Sellers agree to sell and convey to Buyer, the following: 
(a) All of Great St. James Island, in its entirety, consisting of approximately 162.6 
acres, together with its off island cays and rocks, specifically including Current Rock, all 
being more particularly described in Exhibit A attached hereto and made a part hereof, 
including all improvements, fixtures, rights, privileges, easements, docks, lights, cottages, 
houses, hereditaments and appurtenances thereto belonging, and all right, title and 
interest of Sellers in and to the land lying in the bed of any street, road or avenue, open or 
proposed, public or private, in front of or adjoining said property; and 
(b) Parcel No. 11 Estate Nazareth, No. 1 Red Hook Quarter, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin 
Islands, as shown on Public Works Drawing No. F9-370-T59, more particularly 
described in Exhibit A attached hereto and made a part hereof, including all 
improvements, fixtures, rights, privileges, easements, docks, lights, cottages, houses, 
hereditaments and appurtenances thereto belonging, and all right, title and interest of 
Sellers in and to the land lying in the bed of any street, road or avenue, open or proposed, 
public or private, in front of or adjoining said property[, and including the vessel, motors 
and related equipment owned by Sellers located on or about the tract of land]; 
EFTA00728523
--- PAGE 2 ---
(all of the foregoing described in Sections 1(a) and 1(b) above hereinafter collectively 
referred to as the "Real Property") upon, subject to, and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions contained in this Agreement. 
2. 
DEVELOPMENT PERMITS: It is Buyer's intention to preserve the natural 
environment of Great St. James Island. Anything to the contrary provided in this Agreement 
notwithstanding, Seller shall not transfer to Buyer any permit applications currently pending with 
the Department of Planning and Natural Resources for the commercial development of Great St. 
James Island and/or the development of Great St. James Island into a residential community. At 
or prior to closing, Sellers shall deliver to Buyer formal notices withdrawing any and all such 
pending applications, which notices shall be signed by Sellers or any representative(s) thereof 
authorized to transact business with the Department of Planning and Natural Resources on their 
behalf. Nothing provided in this Section 2 shall be deemed to require withdrawal of any existing 
permits or pending applications relating to the improvement, preservation, maintenance or repair 
of existing structures, including docks, on Great St. James Island. 
3. 
PURCHASE PRICE: The purchase price for the Real Property is $12,000,000, 
payable in full with official bank check or certified funds at Closing. The purchase price shall be 
allocated among the separate parcels comprising the Real Property and among the respective 
owners thereof as shall be designated in writing to Buyer by Sellers within ten (10) business days 
prior to Closing. 
4. 
ACCEPTANCE: 
This offer must be accepted in writing by Sellers or Sellers' authorized agent on or before 
January 
, 2010; such acceptance is to be signified by Sellers' execution of this Agreement 
and delivery of a fully executed original hereof to Buyer on or before such date. If this 
Agreement is not so accepted by such date, then this offer shall terminate. 
5. 
CLOSING: 
The transactions contemplated hereby shall be closed by Sellers' delivery to Buyer of 
properly executed and attested warranty deeds in recordable form, with original tax letters 
attached ("Warranty Deeds") conveying the Real Property to Buyer. The Closing shall take 
place in St. Thomas, USVI at a mutually acceptable location and a mutually acceptable time of 
day within Forty-Five (45) days of the date of acceptance of this offer by the Sellers. The 
Closing may take place at such later time as may hereafter be mutually agreed upon by Sellers 
and Buyer. Possession shall be granted to Buyer at Closing. 
6. 
EXPENSES: 
Sellers shall pay the costs of preparing the Warranty Deeds, attestation of the Warranty 
Deeds, Real Property tax letters, securing any other necessary or appropriate attests, tax 
certificates and tax stamps, preparing and recording any power of attorney, the discharge of liens 
against any of the Real Property, recording any and all mortgage releases, any and all title 
EFTA00728524
--- PAGE 3 ---
insurance premiums prior to Closing, and curing any and all title defects. Real estate taxes shall 
be prorated to the date of Closing between Sellers and Buyer. All expenses of obtaining 
financing, preparing loan documents, new surveys, new appraisals, new inspections, new title 
examinations, title insurance premiums after closing, and the recording fees of the Warranty 
Deeds shall be paid by Buyer. Each party hereto shall pay its own attorney's fees. Within ten 
(10) days after this Agreement has been executed by the parties hereto, Sellers shall provide 
Buyer with copies of all existing surveys, maps, title searches and examinations, title 
commitments and title insurance copies and dock permits, submerged land lease agreements, and 
other similar instruments and documents relating to the Real Property in Sellers' possession or in 
the possession of Sellers' agents. 
7. 
TITLE: 
At Closing, Sellers shall convey good, marketable and insurable fee simple title to the 
Real Property to the Buyer by Warranty Deeds. For purposes of this Agreement, "marketable" 
title shall mean such title as any reputable title insurance company licensed in the U.S. Virgin 
Islands shall be willing to approve and insure in accordance with its standard form of title policy, 
including normal U.S. Virgin Islands exceptions. To the extent applicable, at all times prior to 
Closing, Buyer shall be allowed to inspect the boundposts to the Real Property, and in the event 
that Buyer notifies Sellers that such boundposts cannot be located, then Sellers shall at Sellers' 
expense provide for the placement or location of boundposts on the Real Property in identifiable 
positions prior to Closing. At all times prior to Closing, Buyer shall be allowed to have the title 
examined and shall notify Sellers in writing of any title defects, title objections, zoning or deed 
restriction violations or encroachments (hereinafter referred to as "Objections"), which may 
exist. Sellers shall have a reasonable opportunity to and shall diligently endeavor to cure all such 
Objections, and may extend the date for closing up to thirty (30) days after notification of such 
Objections in order to cure them. If Sellers fail to timely cure or are unable to cure any of such 
Objections, then Buyer shall have the right to either: (a) terminate this Agreement, in which 
event no party shall have any further rights, claims, obligations or liabilities arising out of or 
resulting from this Agreement; or (b) proceed with the Closing and receive the instruments 
required herein from Sellers irrespective of and subject to such Objections, except that all 
charges, costs, expenses and prepayment penalties incurred in satisfying or remedying any such 
Objections that are deeds to secure debt, mortgages, lawsuits affecting title to any of the Real 
Property, mechanic's or materialmen's liens or other liens or encumbrances which secure or 
evidence a monetary claim that may be remedied by the payment of money may be paid by 
Buyer at Closing out of and as a credit against the Purchase Price. With regard to any 
Objections, Buyer shall deliver written notice of its election within ten (10) days following the 
Sellers' written notification of Sellers' refusal or inability to cure and the Closing date shall be 
extended by such ten (10) day period. If requested by Buyer's title insurance company, Sellers 
shall also execute at Closing a standard form owner's affidavit in a format reasonably acceptable 
to Buyer's title insurance company. 
EFTA00728525
--- PAGE 4 ---
8. 
PHYSICAL CONDITION OF PROPERTY: 
(a) 
Buyer is familiar with the physical condition of the Real Property and the 
improvements thereon, and does agree that the premises are sold "as is", as of the date of 
this Agreement, with no representation or warranty concerning the physical condition of 
such improvements, other than that as of the date of Closing, such improvements will be 
in the same condition as they are in on the date of this Agreement. 
(b) 
Sellers shall bear the risk of loss prior to Closing, including, but not 
limited to, total or partial destruction of the Real Property, the improvements thereon and 
the contents of the Real Property and such improvements (including, without limitation, 
any docks on the Island) due to casualty. If prior to Closing, any improvements located 
on the Real Property (including, without limitation, any such docks) are destroyed or 
damaged by fire or other casualty, to the extent that the cost of repair or replacement shall 
exceed five (5%) percent of the Purchase Price, then Buyer shall have the right to 
terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to the Sellers prior to Closing, in 
which event the parties hereto shall have no further rights, obligations or liabilities 
hereunder. If Buyer does not elect to terminate, then Sellers shall convey the Real 
Property to the Buyer with an appropriate reduction in the Purchase Price to cover such 
cost of repair or replacement. 
(c) 
Buyer and/or Buyer's agents and representatives shall have the right to 
enter the Real Property at any time from the date that this Agreement is executed by the 
parties hereto to and including the date of Closing for the purpose of inspecting the Real 
Property. 
9. 
NO BROKER(S): 
The parties represent to one another that no real estate agent or broker has brought about 
this sale, and that no commission is or shall be due to any real estate agent or broker as a result of 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. If any claim of commission is made by any 
real estate agent or broker, the party allegedly dealing with such real estate agent or broker shall 
be solely responsible for resolution and payment, if appropriate, thereof. 
10. 
DEFAULT BY BUYER: 
If Sellers accept this Agreement and if the transactions contemplated herein are not 
closed by reason of Buyer's default or failure or refusal to perform through no fault of the 
Sellers, then Sellers shall have the right to elect either: (a) to terminate this Agreement, and 
pursue all available remedies at law with respect to Buyer's default; or (b) to pursue an action for 
specific performance. In the event Buyer is in default of Buyer's obligations hereunder, Sellers 
shall notify Buyer in writing of such default specifying the nature of such default and Buyer shall 
have ten (10) days from the date of receipt of said notice to cure such default. 
11. 
DEFAULT BY SELLER: If the Sellers' accept this Agreement and if the 
transactions contemplated herein are not closed by reason of Sellers' default or failure or refusal 
EFTA00728526
--- PAGE 5 ---
to perform, through no fault of the Buyer, then Buyer shall have the right to elect either: (a) to 
terminate this agreement, and pursue all available remedies at law with respect to Sellers' 
default; or (b) to pursue an action for specific performance. If Sellers default in Sellers' 
obligations hereunder, Buyer shall notify Sellers in writing of such default specifying the nature 
of such default, and Sellers shall have ten (10) days from the date of receipt of said notice to cure 
such default. 
12. PERSONAL PROPERTY: The Real Property is being sold with the all buildings, 
docks and furniture and fixtures currently located on the Real Property in "as is" condition, as of 
the date that this Agreement is executed by the parties hereto. 
13. 
MISCELLANEOUS: This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between 
the parties hereto and no representations, agreements, inducements or provisions other than those 
expressly set forth herein shall be binding. All changes, additions or deletions to this Agreement 
must be in writing and signed by all parties hereto. All notices or other communications 
provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and may be delivered via confirmed facsimile 
transmission, hand delivery, or by certified mail, return receipt requested delivery to the Buyer or 
the Sellers, as the case may be, or the attorney of such party. The notice shall be effective when 
hand delivered, or on the date of the delivery confirmation, or on the date of deposit in the U.S. 
Mail, return receipt requested, if sent by certified mail. All notices shall be given to the parties at 
the addresses contained herein unless changed via notice as provided in this paragraph. The 
parties agree that this Agreement may be executed in counterparts and that signatures by 
facsimile will be binding. This Agreement, regardless of where it is signed, shall be deemed to 
have been made in the United States Virgin Islands and shall be governed by and interpreted in 
accordance with the laws and regulations of the United States Virgin Islands. Each party hereto 
irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any court sitting in the 
United States Virgin Islands over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement, any of the Real Property or any of the transactions contemplated hereby. Each party 
hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such 
suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court and any claim that any such suit, action or 
proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each party 
hereto agrees that a final, non-appealable judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding 
brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon such party and may be enforced 
in any other courts to whose jurisdiction such party is or may be subject, by suit upon judgment. 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and 
their respective heirs, representatives, successors and assigns. As used herein, words in the 
singular shall include the plural and the masculine shall include the feminine and the neuter 
genders, as appropriate. At Closing, the Sellers shall also comply with the withholding tax 
requirement imposed by Section 1445 of the Internal Revenue Code. If any time period provided 
under this Agreement ends on a day other than a regular business day (defined as any day other 
than a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in the US Virgin Islands) then that time period shall 
automatically extend through the close of business on the next regular business day. 
EFTA00728527
--- PAGE 6 ---
14. 
OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS: 
(a) 
Adjustments for Real Property Taxes: All unpaid assessments for Real 
Property taxes (the "Taxes") for which invoices have been issued shall be paid by 
Sellers at or before Closing, irrespective of when the same shall be due and 
payable. All Taxes accruing prior to the date of Closing for which invoices have 
not been issued shall be estimated and prorated based on the 2006 real property 
tax bills. An amount equal to the estimated and prorated amount for the Taxes 
accruing prior to Closing shall be credited towards the Purchase Price. 
(b) 
Sellers agree to provide Buyer with immediate written notice of any action 
or proceeding for condemnation of all or any part of the Real Property which may 
result in the taking of all or any part of the Real Property prior to Closing. Upon 
receipt of such notification, Buyer shall have the right within thirty (30) days after 
such receipt (but in no event later than the Closing Date) to rescind this 
Agreement. If Buyer does not elect to rescind, this Agreement shall remain in full 
force and effect, and Sellers will credit Buyer at Closing with any monies 
received by Sellers by reason of such taking. Provided Buyer does not so rescind, 
Sellers do hereby assign all of Sellers' interest in and to any condemnation awards 
or offers relating to all or any part of the Real Property. Upon any notice of 
condemnation, Buyer shall be permitted to participate in and direct the 
proceedings and any settlement related thereto as if Buyer were a party to the 
action. 
(c) 
Buyer may assign, in whole or in part, Buyer's rights and obligations 
hereunder to any person, firm, partnership, corporation, limited liability company 
or other entity. If such assignment is made, then the sale contemplated by this 
Agreement shall be consummated in the name of, and by and through the 
authorized officials of, any such assignee. Buyer shall notify Sellers of any 
assignment reasonably promptly after such assignment is made. 
(d) 
Sellers hereby represent and warrant to Buyer as follows: 
(1) 
Between the date that this Agreement is executed by the parties 
hereto and the date of Closing, Sellers shall not execute any lease, easement or 
other contract or agreement relating to all or any part of the Real Property without 
the prior written consent of Buyer. 
(2) 
Sellers have the lawful right, power and authority to sell the Real 
Property in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof; on the date hereof 
and on the date of Closing, all proper action shall have been taken by Sellers, 
including authorizing and approving the execution of this Agreement, the 
performance by the Sellers of the Sellers' duties and obligations under this 
Agreement, and the execution and delivery by Sellers of the documents to be 
executed and delivered to Buyer in connection with the transactions contemplated 
hereby on the date of Closing. 
EFTA00728528
--- PAGE 7 ---
(3) 
Sellers shall, until Closing, continue to satisfy all obligations 
related to the Real Property. 
(4) 
Sellers have good and valid title to all of the Real Property, free 
and clear of any liens, defects, objections, zoning or deed restriction violations or 
encroachments. 
(5) 
The Real Property is not the subject of, and Sellers have not 
received written notice of, and are not parties to any litigation that arises out of 
the ownership of any of the Real Property. There are no judgments, orders, 
decrees, citations, fines or penalties heretofore assessed against Sellers affecting 
any of the Real Property under any federal, state or local law. 
(e) 
At Closing, the following documents shall be executed and or delivered by 
Sellers to Buyer: 
(1) 
Attested Warranty Deeds in recordable form conveying good, 
marketable and insurable title to the Real Property to the Buyer and/or the 
Buyer's assignee and original executed Bill(s) of Sale conveying title to any 
personal property conveyed hereunder to the Buyer and/or the Buyer's assignee. 
(2) 
Such affidavits executed by Sellers as may be reasonably requested 
by Buyer's title insurance company. 
(3) 
A Certificate of Non-Foreign Status in accordance with Section 
1445 of the Internal Revenue Code, as applied and in force in the U.S. Virgin 
Islands, and the Regulations thereunder, and/or reduced withholding tax 
certificates issued by the V.I. Bureau of Internal Revenue. Buyer shall withhold 
taxes if and to the extent required by such Certificate, reduced withholding tax 
certificates and applicable law and regulations. 
(4) 
Such Form 1099s or other forms required by Section 6045 of the 
Internal Revenue Code, as applied and in force in the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
(5) 
A closing statement reasonably acceptable to Buyer and Sellers 
accurately reflecting the Purchase Price and all credits, prorations and adjustments 
hereunder and all closing costs related to the transactions contemplated hereby. 
(6) 
Assignments of all permits, submerged land leases and other 
licenses necessary for the existence and occupancy of the dock and other 
improvements on the Real Property, together with the required governmental 
consents thereto, and any and all formal withdrawals required pursuant to Section 
hereof. 
(7) 
Such other documents as may be reasonably required by Buyer to 
close the transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms and 
conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
(0 
At Closing, Buyer shall execute and/or deliver to Sellers the following: 
(1) 
The Purchase Price, subject to any adjustments, credits and 
prorations provided for hereunder. 
EFTA00728529
--- PAGE 8 ---
(2) 
Such other documents as may be reasonably required by Sellers to 
close the transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms and 
conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
(3) 
A closing statement reasonably acceptable to Buyer and Sellers 
accurately reflecting the Purchase Price and all credits, prorations and adjustments 
hereunder and all closing costs related to the transactions contemplated hereby. 
(g) 
It is acknowledged and agreed that the conditions precedent contained in 
this Agreement are for the sole benefit of Buyer (including Buyer's assignee, if 
any), and Buyer (and/or any such assignee) may, in its sole discretion, by notice 
in writing to Sellers at or before Closing, waive fulfillment of any one or more of 
such conditions and close hereunder without regard to the failure of such 
conditions. 
(10 
The representations, warranties, agreements and indemnifications 
contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing and delivery of the 
Warranty Deeds provided for herein. 
(i) 
Concurrently with the Closing, Sellers agree to quitclaim to Buyer Current 
Rock, and other mainland easements and rights of way. Sellers represent to 
Buyer that such properties are not subject to any litigation and that Sellers have 
not been notified of any threatened litigation regarding such properties. 
THIS AGREEMENT BECOMES A BINDING LEGAL CONTRACT WHEN 
EXECUTED BY ALL PARTIES AND EACH PARTY SHOULD READ AND 
UNDERSTAND ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 
WITNESSES: 
BUYER: 
Name: 
Date: 
Name: 
Date: 
Name: 
Date: 
Name: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: 
EFTA00728530
--- PAGE 9 ---
SELLERS: 
Name: 
Name: Christian Kjaer 
Date: 
Date: 
SSN: 
Name: 
Date: 
Name: 
Date: 
Name: 
Name: Helle Bundgaard 
Date: 
Date: 
SSN: 
Name: 
Date: 
Name: 
Date: 
Name: 
Name: Steen Bundgaard 
Date: 
Date: 
SSN: 
Name: 
Date: 
Name: 
Date: 
EFTA00728531
--- PAGE 10 ---
Name: 
Name: John Knud Furst 
Date: 
Date: 
SSN: 
Name: 
Date: 
Name: 
Date: 
Name: 
Name: Kim Furst 
Date: 
Date: 
SSN: 
Name: 
Date: 
Name: 
Date: 
Name: 
Name: Nina Furst 
Date: 
Date: 
SSN: 
Name: 
Date: 
Name: 
Date: 
EFTA00728532
--- PAGE 11 ---
EXHIBIT "A" 
LEGAL DESCRIPTION 
Section 1(a) 
Parcels A, B-1, B-2, C-1 and C-2 Great St. James Island 
No. 6-A, Red Hook Quarter 
St. Thomas, NrimIslands 
As shown on M. 
Drawing No. D9-2825-T84 
Consisting of 80.7 acres, 32.7 acres, 8.25 acres, 32.7 acres and 8.25 acres, together with Current 
Rock and the other off-island rocks and cays of Great St. James Island 
Section 
Parcel No. 11 Estate Nazareth 
No. 1 Red Hook Quarter 
St. Thomas, Vail Islands 
As shown on 
. Drawing No. F9-370-T59 
consisting of 0.25 acres more or less. 
EFTA00728533

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728534.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728534.pdf
----------------------------------------
THIS AGREEMENT FOR OFFICE DESIGN SERVICES ("Office Design 
Agreement") is entered into as of this 
day of November, 2010, by and among 
Juan Pablo Molyneux ("JP"), J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. ("Studio", and together with 
JP, "Molyneux,") L.S.J., LLC ("LSJ") and Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"); (collectively the 
"Parties"). 
NOW, THEREFORE, in exchange for One Dollar ($1.00) and other valuable 
consideration, including the mutual agreements, promises and other provisions 
contained herein, the Parties, intending to be bound, hereby agree as follows: 
1. 
On or before ninety (90) days after full execution and delivery of this 
Office Design Agreement, Molyneux shall provide to Epstein the items set forth on 
the attached Schedule 1 and related attachments, by causing such items to be 
shipped to Epstein in St. Thomas, at Molyneux's expense. 
2. 
Epstein acknowledges and agrees that neither J.P. Molyneux nor 
Studio is an architect, that neither has been held out as an architect to Epstein, and 
that this Office Design Agreement does not involve the rendering of any 
architectural services. 
3. 
By entering into this Office Design Agreement, the Parties do not 
intend to make, nor shall they be deemed to have made, any admission of liability of 
any kind whatsoever. 
EFTA00728534
--- PAGE 2 ---
4. 
The Parties agree that the existence, terms, and consideration paid 
pursuant to this Office Design Agreement are strictly confidential and that this 
Agreement will not be filed in any court, except to the extent that such filing may be 
necessary in proceedings to enforce it. No Party may reveal any facts about this 
Office Design Agreement or its terms without the prior, written consent of each of 
the other Parties; provided, however, that a Party may disclose such facts (i) to its or 
his employees, accountants and attorneys who require the same for the purpose of 
performing their employment duties or providing professional services to such 
Party; (ii) to its or his insurers or re-insurers; (iii) as required by any law, 
regulation, or rule of a court or court agency; or (iv) in response to a duly authorized 
subpoena or court order. Before disclosing any facts about this Office Design 
Agreement under provisos (i) or (ii) above, the Party making the disclosure shall 
inform the receiving party of the terms of this confidentiality provision and shall 
take reasonable measures to ensure that the receiving party agrees not to make 
further disclosures of the requested information. At least five business days prior to 
disclosing any facts about the settlement under provisos (iii) or (iv) above (other 
than in connection with proceedings to enforce the provisions of this Office Design 
Agreement), to the extent permissible by law, regulation, rule of a court or court 
agency or court order, the Party making or asked to make the disclosure shall 
inform each of the other Parties of the proposed disclosure or request for 
information, and shall, at the request of any Party and at the cost of such requesting 
Party, file any disclosure or response to the request for information about the terms 
EFTA00728535
--- PAGE 3 ---
of this Office Design Agreement pursuant to a motion or other formal request that 
the information be maintained in confidence and/or held under seal. 
5. 
The Parties agree that the prior drafting history of this Office Design 
Agreement shall not be used to construe any term. This Office Design Agreement 
has been negotiated by each Party and such Party's respective attorneys, and the 
language hereof will not be construed for or against any such Party as the principal 
drafter of this Agreement 
6. 
The individuals signing this Office Design Agreement and the Parties 
on whose behalf such individuals are signing hereby represent and warrant that 
they are empowered and authorized to sign on behalf of and bind the Parties for 
whom they have signed. 
7. 
Each Party agrees that this Office Design Agreement shall be binding 
upon the heirs, successors, and assigns of each Party. 
8. 
Each Party represents and agrees that such Party: (i) has fully 
reviewed this Office Design Agreement and has had the opportunity to seek advice 
by independent counsel of its choosing with respect to the same; (ii) fully 
understands the terms of this Office Design Agreement and has entered into this 
Office Design Agreement voluntarily without any coercion or duress on the part of 
EFTA00728536
--- PAGE 4 ---
any person or entity; and (iii) was given adequate time to consider all implications 
of this Office Design Agreement prior to entering into it. 
9. 
This Office Design Agreement constitutes the entire agreement 
between the Parties regarding the matters contained therein. Each Party 
acknowledges that such Party has not executed this Office Design Agreement in 
reliance on any representation, inducement, promise, agreement, or warranty that 
is not contained therein. 
10. 
This Office Design Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together 
shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures of this Office Design 
Agreement transmitted by fax shall have the same effect as original signatures. 
11. 
This Office Design Agreement may not be amended or modified except 
by a written instrument executed by the duly authorized representatives of all of the 
Parties. Any waiver of any provision hereof must be in writing and signed by the 
party to be charged with such waiver. Any such waiver shall be effective only in the 
specific instance and for the specific purpose for which such waiver is given. No 
failure on the part of any Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, 
power or privilege under this Office Design Agreement shall operate as a waiver 
thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege 
EFTA00728537
--- PAGE 5 ---
under this Office Design Agreement, preclude any other or further exercise thereof 
or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. 
12. 
Any statements, communications or notices to be provided pursuant 
to this Office Design Agreement shall be in writing and sent by hand delivery or by 
reputable overnight courier to the attention of the Parties indicated below, until 
such time as notice of any change of person to be notified or change of address is 
forwarded to all Parties: 
(a) 
For Epstein and LSJ: 
Darren K Indyke, Esq. 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
(b) 
For JP and Studio: 
East 69th Street 
New York, New York 10021 
With a courtesy copy to: 
Jay Goldberg, Esq. 
250 Park Avenue 
EFTA00728538
--- PAGE 6 ---
Suite 2020 
New York, New York 10177 
13. 
In the event of any claimed breach, any Party claimed to have been 
aggrieved shall provide the other Party with fifteen (15) business days written 
notice and opportunity to cure. In the event of a material breach by Molyneux that 
remains uncured following such notice, Epstein's sole remedy shall be liquidated 
damages of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000), it being acknowledged that damages 
in such event would be difficult to ascertain and that such amount does not 
represent a penalty. 
14. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements entered into 
entirely within the State of New York, without regard to the principles of New York 
law regarding conflicts of laws. 
15. 
Each Party agrees that any dispute arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement or entering into it shall be resolved by arbitration before the American 
Arbitration Association ("AAA") by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial 
Rules, or JAMS if AAA is unavailable, with the arbitrator empowered to award costs 
and attorney's fees to the prevailing party; and each party irrevocably and 
unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any court sitting in New 
EFTA00728539
--- PAGE 7 ---
York County over any proceeding arising out of or relating to such arbitration. Each 
Party agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document as provided 
herein shall be effective service of process for any arbitration or proceeding relating 
thereto. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the 
laying of venue of any such arbitration or proceeding relating thereto and any claim 
that any such arbitration or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
Each Party agrees that a final, non-appealable judgment in any such suit, action or 
proceeding brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon such 
Party and may be enforced in any other courts to whose jurisdiction such Party is or 
may be subject, by suit upon judgment 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Office Design 
Agreement to be executed by themselves or their duly authorized representatives, 
as the case may be, as of the date of the day and year first above-written. 
J.P. MOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. 
By: 
Juan Pablo Molyneux 
President 
EFTA00728540
--- PAGE 8 ---
JUAN PABLO MOLYNEUX 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
L.S.J., LLC 
By: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Member 
EFTA00728541

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728542.pdf
----------------------------------------
c
‘k 
4...),(ec% 4112 
'-#ta
f` 
Pt;_ 
6<r 's
of-
(90102- vie1/2 ,14 
y-Vvel2-Ac 
alnY 
de 
etra,7 
CP" TJ Nju 
`' I 
tierA‘oedtr 
EFTA00728542

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728543.pdf
----------------------------------------
Officer Williams 
1. work? Charity science businesss, travel, 
2. curfew , driving. Security 
guests. Phone confirmation. 
Copy of order. 
3, driving, schedule.visits other peropole in house„ guns, 
boat heli.. recreation 
bicycle 
walk „ 119 requests. Designated residence 
I pod.. doctor, therapy beach movies„ 
HURRICANE HELI „, BEACH, RESTARURANTS 
EFTA00728543

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728544.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728544.pdf
----------------------------------------
10/15/09 
Dear Ms. Reich: 
Despite my numerous requests for repayment of these client funds, I note 
that you have not yet returned to Mr. Epstein the remaining balance of $412,931.86 
of overpayments made by Mr. Epstein to your firm in response to your firm's 
erroneous invoices. You have refused to return these client funds, claiming that 
your firm was entitled to offset the unreturned balance by amounts you claimed to 
be due to your firm for professional services. You have done this even though I have 
repeatedly advised you that the amounts you claimed to be due were never agreed 
to by Mr. Epstein. I have repeatedly asked that Mr. Lefcourt call Mr. Epstein to 
discuss your bill, but he never has. Though I am no lawyer, it appears to me that you 
are withholding client funds with an offset of professional fees that are still in 
dispute with Mr. Epstein. As I have said before, I do not understand how you can do 
this. 
In reviewing your invoices, it appears that a significant portion, if not all, of 
your "offsetting" professional fees related to your firm's work for Mr. Epstein on the 
Cordero case. With respect to that work, Cordero's counsel and the City of New 
York now maintain that, when you raised your constitutional arguments with the 
judge, you were required by New York's civil procedure rules to inform the City of 
New York of your constitutional argument, but never did so. As a result, in addition 
to the appeal, Cordero's lawyer filed an emergency petition to vacate the judge's 
decision to dismiss the case and the City of New York also moved to intervene. In 
addressing those two motions, Mr. Epstein has already incurred at least $61,583 of 
legal fees and disbursements that would have been avoided had you complied with 
the simple notification procedure under New York's civil procedure rules. 
Mr. Epstein has now incurred a total of $474,514.86 as a result of your 
obvious oversight and overbillings. I again ask that you reconsider your decision to 
withhold repayment of Mr. Epstein's money under the circumstances and that Mr. 
Lefcourt call Mr. Epstein to resolve this matter once and for all. 
Sincerely, 
Harry Beller 
EFTA00728544

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728545.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 570 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/25/2010 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 08-80119-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
OMNIBUS ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on Defendant's Motion for Modification and 
Reconsideration of Order entered by Magistrate Judge dated June 1, 2010 and alternative 
Appeal of Order (D.E. #559) and Amended Motion for Modification and Reconsideration 
of Order entered by Magistrate Judge dated June 1, 2010 and Alternative Appeal of Order 
(D.E. #560). Having reviewed the pleadings filed incident to these Motions and being 
otherwise duly advised in the premises, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that said Motions, (D.E. #s 559 & 560) are DENIED. 
For the reasons stated in the undersigned's June 1, 2010 Order the Court finds the subject 
EFTA00728545
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 570 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/25/2010 Page 2 of 2 
book undeniably properly discoverable and rejects Epstein's argument that the book is 
non-discoverable because it contains "confidential trade secret" information. To the extent 
Epstein wishes to file an appeal of this Order he may do so in a separate pleading directed 
to the District Court. In accordance with the above and foregoing, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that said Motions (D.E. #s 559 & 560) are DENIED. 
DONE AND ORDERED this June 25, 2010 in Chambers, at West Palm 
Beach, Florida. 
LINNEA R. JOM~NSON 
UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
CC: 
The Honorable Kenneth A. Marra 
All Counsel of Record 
EFTA00728546

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728547.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00728547
--- PAGE 2 ---
_ 
\ 
EFTA00728548
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00728549
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00728550
--- PAGE 5 ---
S4-kirge 
EFTA00728551
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00728552
--- PAGE 7 ---
.a 
tiI-
• 
ti
JZ, 
. • 
4,4e, 
• 
- 
-14 rt, alas—
1/4
-"or.
• : 
1417. 
. 
- 
•
▪
 1> aw
e„
"ft
—Pr -741410 4.00.011r
. 
t 
' 
--
a~
• 
#. 
• 1 
• a 
EFTA00728553
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00728554
--- PAGE 9 ---
-
EFTA00728555
--- PAGE 10 ---
- 
e 
EFTA00728556
--- PAGE 11 ---
 „,,, 
” ,,,,, 
•••••• tkIL 
vi."""•1 
• I e at 
er ++" thee 
• -11%.--•'. IAA" 
EFTA00728557

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728558.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00728558
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00728559
--- PAGE 3 ---
~ 
~` 
F== 
EFTA00728560
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00728561
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00728562
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00728563
--- PAGE 7 ---
.a 
tiI-
• 
ti
JZ, 
. • 
4,4e, 
• 
- 
-14 rt, alas—
1/4
-"or.
• : 
1417. 
. 
- 
•
▪
 1> aw
e„
"ft
—Pr -741410 4.00.011r
. 
t 
' 
--
a~
• 
#. 
• 1 
• a 
EFTA00728564
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00728565
--- PAGE 9 ---
~,,~i~~~mmiN
EFTA00728566
--- PAGE 10 ---
,i•
EFTA00728567

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728568.pdf
----------------------------------------
207c601 POOL 
$74.
lot 1 
111
O 
CI 
ON 
+4,7*-
RANTER 
ON 
PLANTER 
+57'-
PLANTER 
••  
•• 
ON 
•• 
:1" 
I I 
STORAGE 
OFFICE 
+4 
-•5
•Sr-
4.54 
Oa 
•• 
4•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
MMMMMMMMMMMMMM 
MMMMMM 
MMMMMM 
WWWWWW 
WWWWWW 
OOOOOO a.••••••.••.••+••••.••.••.a. 
•• 
•• 
•• 
br i
• • 
•• 
•• 
•• 
••  
SO 
EFTA00728568

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728569.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728569.pdf
----------------------------------------
KEEP TERRACE AND 
CREATE COURTYARD 
WITH FOCAL POINT 
NOTE: THIS DIAGRAM IS FOR SCALE ONLY. I SHOWED THE NEW 
LIVING ROOM AND POOL CENTERED ON THE EXISTING LIVING ROOM, 
TO TRY TO CREATE A RELATIONSIP BETWEEN THE TWO AREAS. 
BUT THIS WILL LIKELY MOVE AROUND, AS WE PREPARE MORE 
DESIGNED LAYOUTS NEXT WEEK. WE WILL ALSO INCLUDE STAIRS, 
ADJACENT SPACES, ETC. 
'5 
l•-• 
(((2 3((O 
(4=Zd -O4 
EFTA00728569

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728570.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 21 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/29/2010 Page 1 of 1 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 10-CV-21586-GOLD/McALILEY 
PODHURST ORSECK, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ORDER DISMISSING CLAIMS AND CLOSING CASE 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon the Parties' Joint Stipulation of Dismissal 
With Prejudice [DE 20]. Having reviewed the stipulation, it is hereby ORDERED AND 
ADJUDGED that: 
1. 
All claims are hereby DISMISSED WITH PREJUDICE. 
2. 
This case is CLOSED. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers, Miami, Florida on this 28° day of June, 
2010. 
THE HONORABLE ALAN S. GOLD 
UNITED STATED DISTRICT JUDGE 
cc: 
Magistrate Judge Chris M. McAliley 
All Counsel of Record 
EFTA00728570

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728571.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 554 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/01/2010 Page 1 of 3 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
/ 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
/ 
OMNIBUS ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on Plaintiff Jane Doe 3's Motion for Sanctions and 
Motion for Protective Order (D.E. #444); and Defendant Epstein's related Motion for 
Sanctions (D.E. #450). 
Having reviewed the pleadings filed incident to these matters and being otherwise 
advised in the premises, it is hereby, 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that said Motions (D.E. #s 444 and 450) are DENIED. 
Upon a review of the relevant pleadings, the Court finds no sanctionable conduct to have 
occurred on the part of any of the parties or attorneys involved in this matter. There is no 
evidence to suggest that Jane Doe #3's sighting of Epstein exiting the building in which he 
maintains an office at the end of the day, was an "intentional" act meant to "terrorize," as 
Jane Doe #3 alleges. Instead, it seems more likely that Epstein, in accordance with the 
EFTA00728571
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 554 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/01/2010 Page 2 of 3 
statement made in his affidavit, was simply leaving the building in which his office is based 
at the end of the day to meet with his lawyers, when Jane Doe #3 spotted him and upon 
seeing him was traumatized. While Ms. Arbor, Jane Doe #3's attorney at the IME, claims 
she was unaware that Epstein continued to maintain an office on the 
floor of the 
building, this lack of knowledge was more than likely due to Ms. Arbor's recent involvement 
in the case, and the failure of the firm which she is a part, to have advised her of this fact. 
See Epstein's Reply (D.E. #467), pp. 2-4. The Court agrees with Epstein that under the 
circumstances, he could not have been expected to predict when Plaintiff and her lawyer 
would take a smoking break during the IME or would otherwise leave the office at which 
the IME was being conducted, and finds no basis in the record to assume from Epstein's 
exiting the building, an intent to an any way confront and/or traumatize Jane Doe #3. 
Instead, it would appear that 
the entire incident was the result of an innocent 
misunderstanding and misinterpretation of circumstances, and that no individual's action 
in this regard rose to the level which would justify the imposition of sanctions. 
The undersigned sympathizes with the traumatic reaction Jane Doe #3 experienced 
upon seeing Mr. Epstein, and for this reason finds her inability to continue with the IME as 
planned, justifiable under the circumstances. As such, the Court finds no basis to force 
Jane Doe #3 to bear the costs for the continued IME necessitated by her cancellation as 
Epstein requests. For this reason, Epstein's Motion for Sanctions is denied. In accordance 
with the above and foregoing, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: 
(1) 
Plaintiff Jane Doe 3's Motion for Sanctions and Motion for Protective Order 
(D.E. #444) is DENIED; and 
EFTA00728572
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 554 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/01/2010 Page 3 of 3 
(2) 
Defendant Epstein's Motion for Sanctions (D.E. #450) is DENIED. 
DONE AND ORDERED this June 1, 2010, in Chambers, at West Palm Beach, 
Florida. 
LINNEA R.J9Dt SON 
UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
CC: 
The Honorable Kenneth A. Marra 
All Counsel of Record 
EFTA00728573

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728574.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 125 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/03;2010 Page 1 of 10 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80893-CIV-MARRA 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Defendant")'s 
Motion to Dismiss, for More Definite Statement & To Strike Directed to Plaintiff Jane Doe's 
Amended Complaint (DE 87). The Court has reviewed the motion, response (DE 92) and reply 
(DE 104) and is otherwise fully advised in the premises. 
The Amended Complaint 
The Amended Complaint alleges five counts, entitled Count I - Sexual Battery upon a 
Minor; Count II - Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255; Count III - Intentional Infliction 
of Emotional Distress; Count IV - Civil Remedy for Criminal Practices; and Count V - Cause of 
Action Pursuant to Florida Statute 796.09. Defendant seeks dismissal of Counts II and IV of the 
Amended Complaint or, alternatively, moves for a more definite statement. 
Standard of Review 
In deciding a motion to dismiss pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6), a 
court must accept all factual allegations in a complaint as true and take them in the light most 
EFTA00728574
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 125 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/0312010 Page 2 of 10 
favorable to the plaintiff. See Erickson v. Pardus, 551 U.S. 89, 94 (2007). To satisfy the 
pleading requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 8, a complaint must contain a short and 
plain statement showing an entitlement to relief, and the statement must "give the defendant fair 
notice of what the plaintiffs claim is and the grounds upon which it rests." Swierkiewicz v. 
Sorema N.A. 534 U.S. 506, 512 (2002) (citing Fed. R. Civ. P. 8)• see also Bell Atlantic Corp. v. 
Twombly, 550 U.S. 544, 545 (2007); Dura Phann., Inc. v. Broudo, 544 U.S. 336, 346 (2005). 
This is a liberal pleading requirement, one that does not require a plaintiff to plead with 
particularity every element of a cause of action. Roe v. Aware Woman Ctr. for Choice, Inc., 253 
F.3d 678, 683 (11th Cir. 2001). Instead, the complaint need only "contain either direct or 
inferential allegations respecting all the material elements necessary to sustain a recovery under 
some viable legal theory." Id. (internal citation and quotation omitted). "A complaint need not 
specify in detail the precise theory giving rise to recovery. All that is required is that the 
defendant be on notice as to the claim being asserted against him and the grounds on which it 
rests." Sams v. United Food and Cornmil Workers Intl Union, 866 F.2d 1380, 1384 (11th Cir. 
1989). 
"While a complaint attacked by a Rule 12(b)(6) motion to dismiss does not need detailed 
factual allegations, [ ] a plaintiffs obligation to provide the 'grounds' of his 'entitlement to relief 
requires more than labels and conclusions, and a formulaic recitation of the elements of a cause 
of action will not do." Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly, 550 U.S. at 555 (citations omitted). 
"Factual allegations must be enough to raise a right to relief above the speculative level on the 
assumption that all of the complaint's allegations are true." Id. Plaintiff must plead enough facts 
to state a plausible basis for the claim. Id. See Ashcroft v. lqbal, 129 S.Ct. 1937, 1950 
EFTA00728575
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 125 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/03/2010 Page 3 of 10 
(explaining "only a complaint that states a plausible claim for relief survives a motion to 
dismiss"). 
Rule 12(e) permits a party to move for a "more definite statement of a pleading to which 
a responsive pleading is allowed but which is so vague or ambiguous that the party cannot 
reasonably prepare a response." Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(e). If a pleading "fails to specify the 
allegations in a manner that provides sufficient notice" or does not contain enough information to 
allow a responsive pleading to be framed, the proper motion to be filed is a motion for a more 
definite statement. Swierkiewicz v. Sorema N.A., 534 U.S. 506, 514 (2002); Sisk v. Texas Parks 
and Wildlife Dep't, 644 F.2d 1056, 1059 (5'h Cir. 1981).' Courts typically grant motions under 
Rule 12(e) for "shotgun" pleadings, in which it is "virtually impossible to know which 
allegations of fact are intended to support which claim(s) for relief." Anderson v. District Board 
of Trustees of Central Florida Community College, 77 F.3d 364, 366 (11th Cir. 1996). Plaintiff 
has the burden to provide Defendants with a "short and plain statement of the claim." Fed. R. 
Civ. P. 8(a)(2). As explained by another court, "[t]tle claim of the plaintiff in his complaint is 
sufficiently definite to enable the defendant to know with what it is charged, and it is reasonably 
able therefrom to respond whether it did the thing charged." Dennis v. Begley Drug Co. of 
Tennessee, Inc., 53 F.R.D. 608, 609 (E.D. Tenn. 1971). However, a pleading is insufficient if a 
defendant does not know the basic facts that constitute the claim for relief against it. Such detail 
should not be left to discovery, for the "purpose of discovery is to find out additional facts about 
a well-pleaded claim, not to find out whether such a claim exists." Stoner v. Walsh, 772 F. Supp. 
In Bonner v. City of Pritchard, 661 F.2d 1206, 1207 & 1209 (I 
Cir. 1981) (en bane), 
the Eleventh Circuit adopted as binding precedent the decisions of the Fifth Circuit rendered 
prior to October I, 1981. 
EFTA00728576
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 125 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/0312010 Page 4 of 10 
790, 800 (S.D.N.Y. 1991). 
Count II - Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
Counts 1I alleges a claim for coercion and enticement to sexual activity in violation of 18 
U.S.C. §§ 2422(b), 2423(b), and 2423(e). Those statutes state as follows: 
U.S.C. § 2422(b): 
Whoever, using the mail or any facility or means of interstate or foreign 
commerce, or within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United 
States knowingly persuades, induces, entices, or coerces any individual who has 
not attained the age of 18 years, to engage in prostitution or any sexual activity for 
which any person can be charged with a criminal offense, or attempts to do so, 
shall be fined under this title and imprisoned not less than 10 years or for life. 
U.S.C. § 2423(b): 
Travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual conduct.—A person who travels in 
interstate commerce or travels into the United States, or a United States citizen or 
an alien admitted for permanent residence in the United States who travels in 
foreign commerce, for the purpose of engaging in any illicit sexual conduct with 
another person shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 30 
years, or both. 
U.S.C. § 2423(e): 
Attempt and conspiracy.--Whoever attempts or conspires to violate subsection (a), 
(b), (c), or (d) shall be punishable in the same manner as a completed violation of 
that subsection. 
First, the Amended Complaint sufficiently alleges the element of using a facility or means 
of interstate commerce. See ¶ 33. More specifics are properly the subject of discovery. 
Second, Defendant argues that the Amended Complaint fails to set forth underlying 
factual allegations as to the requisite elements. Specifically, Defendant claims that Plaintiff fails 
to allege with whom Defendant conspired and the identity of the other "minor females" 
referenced in the Amended Complaint. (Mot. at 6-7). However, a review of the Complaint 
EFTA00728577
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 125 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03)03:2010 Page 5 of 10 
reveals that Plaintiff alleges with whom Defendant conspired, stating that he "conspired with 
others, including his assistants 
and 
to further commit these acts 
and to avoid police detection." See ¶ 15. Additionally, Plaintiff sufficiently alleges the identity 
of the other minor females in her Civil RICO Statement, attached to her Complaint, alleging as 
follows: 
The names of all of the victims are unknown to the plaintiff at this time. 
However, they include Jane Doe herself as well as the victim in M. v. Jeffrey 
Epstein and 
M
.
v. Jeffrey Epstein. A list of more than 30 such minor females 
has previously been provided by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern 
District of Florida to Epstein (but not to Jane Doe). 
See DE 38-2 at ¶ 4. 
Finally, Defendant argues, and Plaintiff concedes, that punitive damages are not available 
under 18 U.S.C. § 2255. Accordingly, Plaintiff's claim for punitive damages pursuant to 18 
U.S.C. § 2255 is hereby STRICKEN from the Amended Complaint. The remainder of 
Defendant's motion to dismiss or for more definite statement of Count II is DENIED. 
Count IV - Civil Remedy for Criminal Practices 
Count IV alleges a claim under the Florida Civil Remedies for Criminal Practices Act, 
Fla. Stat. 772.104(1) and (2) ("Florida RICO"). These sections state as follows: 
(I) Any person who proves by clear and convincing evidence that he or she has 
been injured by reason of any violation of the provisions of s. 772.103 shall have a 
cause of action for threefold the actual damages sustained and, in any such action, 
is entitled to minimum damages in the amount of $200, and reasonable attorney's 
fees and court costs in the trial and appellate courts. 
(2) As an alternative to recovery under subsection (I), any person who proves by 
clear and convincing evidence that he or she has been injured by reason of any 
violation of the provisions of s. 772.103 due to sex trafficking or human 
trafficking shall have a cause of action for threefold the amount gained from the 
sex trafficking or human trafficking and in any such action is entitled to minimum 
damages in the amount of $200 and reasonable attorney's fees and court costs in 
EFTA00728578
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 125 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/03;2010 Page 6 of 10 
the trial and appellate courts. 
Fla. Stat. 772.104(1) and (2). 
Under § 772.103(3), it is "unlawful for any person: ... Employed by, or associated with, 
any enterprise to conduct or participate, directly or indirectly, in such enterprise through a pattern 
of criminal activity or the collection of an unlawful debt." Fla. Stat. § 772.103(3). Florida 
Statutes § 772.102(4), in turn, defines "pattern of criminal activity" as: 
engaging in at least two incidents of criminal activity that have the same or similar 
intents, results, accomplices, victims, or methods of commission or that otherwise 
are interrelated by distinguishing characteristics and are not isolated incidents; 
provided that the last of such incidents occurred within 5 years after a prior 
incident of criminal activity. For purposes of this chapter, the term "pattern of 
criminal activity" shall not include two or more incidents of fraudulent conduct 
arising out of a single contract or transaction against one or more related persons. 
Because of the similarities between Florida and federal RICO acts, Florida looks to 
federal authority regarding the interpretation and application of its act. Palmas Y Bambu, S.A. v. 
E.I. Dupont De Nemours & Co., Inc., 881 So.2d 565, 570 n.1 (3s DCA 2004); see also RLS 
Business Ventures, Inc. v. Second Chance Wholesale, Inc., 784 So.2d 1194, 1196 n.2 (Fla. 2nd 
DCA 2001) ("Florida courts have held that cases interpreting the federal RICO statute, title 18, 
United States Code, are persuasive as to the meaning of Florida's RICO statute, chapter 895, 
Florida Statutes."). 
Defendant argues that this cause of action must be dismissed because (1) Plaintiff lacks 
standing to bring it; (2) Plaintiff has failed to allege a "distinct" enterprise; (3) tampering with 
witnesses is not a sufficient predicate act for a Florida RICO claim; (4) that the complaint fails to 
establish "continuity" of criminal acts; and (5) that the complaint fails to allege "direct injury" 
from the conspiracy. 
EFTA00728579
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 125 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/012010 Page 7 of 10 
Florida Statutes § 772.102(3) defines "enterprise" as 
any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, corporation, business trust, union 
chartered under the laws of this state, or other legal entity, or any unchartered 
union, association, or group of individuals associated in fact although not a legal 
entity; and the term includes illicit as well as licit enterprises and governmental, as 
well as other, entities. 
There is a "distinctiveness" requirement for RICO enterprises. Florida Evergreen Foliage 
v. E.I. Dupont De Nemours and Co., 336 F.Supp.2d 1239, 1260-61 (S.D. Fla. 2004). To allege a 
RICO enterprise, Plaintiff must "name a RICO person distinct from the RICO enterprise." State 
of Fla., Office of Atty. Gen., Dept. of Legal Affairs v. Tenet, 420 F.Supp.2d 1288 (S.D. Fla. 
2005) (citation omitted). Both the United States Supreme Court and the Florida Supreme Court 
have required proof of a RICO "enterprise" that is separate and distinct from the person charged 
with the RICO violation. See United States v. Turkette, 452 U.S. 576, 583 (1981); Gross v. State, 
765 So.2d 39, 43 (Fla. 2000) (adopting Turkette as a matter of Florida RICO law). "The 
distinction between the RICO person and the RICO enterprise is necessary because the enterprise 
itself can be a passive instrument or victim of the racketeering activity." U.S. v. Goldin Indus., 
Inc., 219 F.3d 1268, 1270-71 (11th Cir.2000) (en banc) (ruling that the "plain language" of RICO 
requires that the "enterprise" be "separate and distinct" from the "person" who is the defendant), 
cert. denied, 531 U.S. 1015 (2001). 
Plaintiff alleges in the Amended Complaint and the RICO statement that the "enterprise" 
consisted of Defendant Epstein, and his paid employees 
and 
. See 
Am. Comp. ¶ 43, 44; RICO statement ¶¶ 5, 6, 7. While Plaintiff alleges that the enterprise was 
separate and distinct from Defendant Epstein and had a definite structure and operational 
function separate from Epstein, Plaintiff's legal conclusions are not plausible. To withstand a 
EFTA00728580
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 125 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/03/2010 Page 8 of 10 
motion to dismiss, the allegations must nudge the claim "across the line from conceivable to 
plausible." Twombly, 550 U.S. at 570 (retiring the "unless it appears beyond doubt" standard of 
Conley v. Gibson, 355 U.S. 41, 45-46 (1957)). See also Papasan v. Allain, 478 U.S. 265, 286 
(1986) (the court accepts as true the plaintiffs factual contentions, not his or her legal 
conclusions that are couched as factual allegations). A complaint may be dismissed if the facts as 
pled do not state a claim for relief that is plausible on its face. See I mI g, 129 S.Ct. at 1950 
(explaining "only a complaint that states a plausible claim for relief survives a motion to 
dismiss"). 
While it is true that a defendant may be simultaneously a RICO person and a member of 
the RICO enterprise, the alleged members of the RICO enterprise must be "free to act 
independently and advance [their] own interests contrary to those of the other" enterprise 
members. United States v. Goldin Industries, Inc., 219 F.3d 1271-1276-77 (I 
Cir. 2000). In 
this case, Plaintiff alleges that Epstein directed his "underlings" to procure young girls for his 
own sexual gratification. If the allegations in the Amended Complaint and RICO statement are 
accepted as true, the alleged "enterprise" would clearly not act independently of Epstein, the 
RICO Defendant. See Boca Raton Comm. Hosp. Inc. v. Tenet Healthcare Corp. 502 F.Supp.2d 
1237, 1253 (S.D. Fla.2007) (the key to "distinctiveness" depends less on whether the enterprise 
members are separate in the legal sense and more on whether they are free to act independently of 
each other and to advance their own separate interests); see also Kindred v. Murphy, 2008 WL 
476220, *3 (M.D. Fla. 2008) (dismissing RICO claim because the allegations were insufficient to 
meet requirement that the RICO defendant or person be separate or distinct from the enterprise). 
In Boca Raton Comm. Hosp., the Court denied summary judgment to the defendant on the issue 
EFTA00728581
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 125 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/0312010 Page 9 of 10 
of distinctiveness, concluding that a jury could reasonably conclude that Tenet [the RICO 
defendant] and its affiliated hospitals [the RICO enterprise] were distinct-that is, free and 
independent and capable of acting adversely to one another." 502 F.Supp.2d at 1254. 
Here, there are no interests of the alleged enterprise separate from those interests of 
Defendant Epstein the person. The other members of the alleged enterprise have no interests of 
their own to advance contrary to those of Defendant Epstein. It is completely implausible to 
conclude otherwise. Plaintiff cannot meet the requirement that Defendant Epstein is separate and 
distinct from the alleged "enterprise," as the purpose of the enterprise was to advance Epstein's 
interest in procuring young girls for his sexual gratification. The Court finds that granting 
Plaintiff leave to amend the Amended Complaint would be futile.2 Accordingly, Count II - Cause 
of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 is dismissed with prejudice. 
Based upon the foregoing, it is hereby ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: 
(I) Defendant's Motion to Dismiss, for More Definite Statement & To Strike Directed to 
PlaintiffJane Doe's Amended Complaint (DE 87) is GRANTED IN PART AND DENIED IN 
PART as follows: 
(a) Plaintiff's claim for punitive damages in Count II (cause of action pursuant to 
U.S.C. § 2255) is hereby STRICKEN from the Amended Complaint. 
(b) Count IV (Florida Civil Remedies for Criminal Practices Act) is DISMISSED 
WITH PREJUDICE. 
The Court notes that Plaintiff has previously been granted leave to amend when faced 
with Defendant's motion to dismiss Plaintiff's original Complaint in this action. 
EFTA00728582
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 125 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03'03'2010 Page 10 of 10 
(c) The remainder of Defendant's motion is DENIED. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 3id day of March, 2010. 
te
r
"- 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
copies to: 
All counsel of record 
EFTA00728583

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728584.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 468 
Entered on FLSD Docket 02:11:2010 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON  
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 
08-80993,08-80811, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 
08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80802, 09-81092 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's "Motion for an 
Extension Directed to the Court Pursuant to Rule 4, Review and Appeal - Southern District, In 
Connection with this Court's Order Dated February 4, 2010 (DE 462)." See DE 464. In his Motion, 
Defendant seeks additional time to file an appeal of Magistrate Judge Johnson's February 4, 2010 
Order compelling production of certain documents within 14 days from the date of that Order. Upon 
consideration of the motion, response (DE 465), and reply (DE 466), it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Defendant's Motion for an Extension (DE 462) is 
GRANTED IN PART AND DENIED IN PART as follows: 
(1) The deadline for Defendant to file an appeal of Magistrate Judge Johnson's February 4, 
2010 Order is extended to Friday, February 20, 2010. 
(2) In the event that Magistrate Judge Johnson's February 4, 2010 Order is affirmed on 
EFTA00728584
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 468 
Entered on FLSD Docket 02/11/2010 Page 2 of 2 
appeal, Defendant will have three (3) business days from the date of this Court's order to produce 
the documents at issue. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 11th day of February, 2010. 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
Copies to: 
all counsel of record 
EFTA00728585

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728586.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 400 
Entered on FLSD Docket 11/05/2009 Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON  
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 
08-80993,08-80811, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 
08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80802, 09-81092 
ORDER 
This cause is before the Court upon Plaintiff Jane Doe's Motion for Injunction 
Restraining Fraudulent Transfer of Assets, Appointment of a Receiver to Take Charge of 
Property of Epstein, and to Post a $15 Million Bond to Secure Potential Judgment (DE 165). 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein filed a response in opposition to the motion (DE 198), and Plaintiff 
filed a reply (DE 217). The motion is now fully briefed and ripe for review. 
Plaintiff's motion argues that Defendant is fraudulently transferring his assets with the 
specific intent to defeat any judgment that might be entered against him in this and other similar 
cases. Plaintiff therefore seeks an order enjoining Defendant from fraudulent transfers of his 
assets, appointing a receiver to take charge of Defendant's property, and requiring Defendant to 
post a $15 million dollar bond against any potential judgment in this case. 
EFTA00728586
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 400 
Entered on FLSD Docket 11/05/2009 Page 2 of 4 
The relief sought by Plaintiff is injunctive and, essentially, amounts to a prejudgment writ 
of attachment. Rosen v. Cascade Intern., Inc., 21 F.3d 1520, 1530 (11ih Cir. 1994) (vacating 
district court's preliminary injunction freezing defendant's assets). "No relief of this character 
has been thought justified in the long history of equity jurisprudence." De Beers Consol. Mines, 
Ltd. v. United States 325 U.S. 212, 222-23 (1945). 
"Preliminary injunctive relief freezing a defendant's assets in order to establish a fund 
with which to satisfy a potential judgment for money damages is simply not an appropriate 
exercise of a federal district court's authority." Rosen, 21 F.3d at 1530. Indeed, "[i]t is entirely 
settled by a long and unbroken line of Florida cases that in an action at law for money damages, 
there is simply no judicial authority for an order requiring the deposit of the amount in 
controversy into the registry of the court ... or indeed for any restraint upon the use of a 
defendant's unrestricted assets prior to the entry of judgment." Id. at 1531, gia&gi Konover 
Realty Assoc., Ltd. v. Mladen, 511 So.2d 705, 706 (Fla. 3d DCA 1987). 
In Florida, an injunction cannot be entered to prevent a party from using or disposing of 
his assets prior to the conclusion of a legal action. Briceno v. Bryden Investments, Ltd., 973 
So.2d 614, 616 (Fla. 3d DCA 2008). See also SME Racks, Inc. v. Sistemas Mecanicos Para, 
Electronica, S.A.  , 243 Fed.Appx. 502 (11th Cir. 2007) (affirming district's court's denial of 
preliminary injunction to freeze defendant's assets); Proctor v. Eason,651 So.2d 1301, 1301-02 
(Fla. 2d DCA 1995) (Defendant not required to deposit funds in court registry prior to final 
judgment where Plaintiff failed to show unavailability of an adequate remedy at law and the 
likelihood of irreparable harm, two elements essential to entry of an injunction); Lawhon v.
Mason, 611 So.2d 1367 (Fla. 2d DCA 1993) (quashing trial court order requiring defendant to 
EFTA00728587
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 400 
Entered on FLSD Docket 11/05/2009 Page 3 of 4 
give plaintiffs ten days notice prior to the transfer of any assets in excess of $500). 
Additionally, as the Eleventh Circuit explained in Rosen: 
In actions at law, plaintiffs in Florida possess an adequate, exclusive prejudgment 
remedy for the sequestration of assets under the attachment statute, Fla.Stat.Ann. 
§ 76.04-.05 (West 1987), provided that they can satisfy the enumerated statutory 
grounds for relief. Accordingly, the use of injunctive relief as a substitute for 
the remedy of prejudgment attachment, with its attendant safeguards, is 
improper. 
F.3d at 1531 (emphasis added). Here, Plaintiff did not move to amend her complaint to allege 
a claim under the Florida Uniform Fraudulent Transfers Act ("FUFTA"), Fla. Stat. § 726.101, et 
sec ,' Rather, she filed the present motion for injunctive relief. Even if she had moved to amend 
her complaint, it is certainly not clear that she could meet the required statutory elements. 
Plaintiff's motion is premised on the contention that Defendant is fraudulently transferring his 
assets. However, Plaintiff's motion is entirely devoid of evidence of Defendant's alleged 
fraudulent transfers. The Court declines to conclude that Defendant is fraudulently transferring 
assets based upon the adverse inferences relied upon by Plaintiff. Plaintiff's supplemental filing 
regarding the titles of approximately five of Defendant's vehicles is clearly de minimis, 
particularly in light of Plaintiff's repeated characterization of Defendant as a "billionaire." 
Based upon the foregoing, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that 
'Fraudulent transfer claims under Florida law arise under the Florida Uniform Fraudulent 
Transfers Act ("FUFTA"), Fla. Stat. § 726.101, et seq.. FUFTA, as set forth in Florida Statute § 
726.105, provides the substantive requirements that must be pled to state a valid fraudulent 
transfer claim. Nationsbank, N.A. v. Coastal Utilities, Inc., 814 So.2d 1227, 1229 (Fla. Dist Ct. 
App. 2002). The plaintiff must show that "(1) there was a creditor to be defrauded; (2) a debtor 
intending fraud; and (3) a conveyance of property which could have been applicable to the 
payment of the debt due." Id. 
EFTA00728588
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 400 
Entered on FLSD Docket 11/05/2009 Page 4 of 4 
(1) PlaintiffJane Doe's Motion for leave to Provide Recently-obtained Deposition 
Testimony and Affidavit (DE 386 in 08-80119) is GRANTED. 
(2) PlaintiffJane Doe's Motion for Injunction Restraining Fraudulent Transfer of Assets, 
Appointment of a Receiver to Take Charge of Property of Epstein, and to Post a $15 Million 
Bond to Secure Potential Judgment WE 165 in 08-80119) is DENIED. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 5ih day of November, 2009. 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
Copies to: 
all counsel of record 
EFTA00728589

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728590.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 240 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 1 of 5 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
EFTA00728590
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 240 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 2 of 5 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08.80994-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
C.M.A., 
CASE NO.: 08-80811-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE. 
CASE NO.: 08- 80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
EFTA00728591
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 240 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 3 of 5 
Defendants. 
DOE II, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80469-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80591-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102 
CASE NO.: 09-
80656-CIV-MARRAJJOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on Defendant's Response in Opposition to 
Plaintiff's Motion for Protective Order Regarding Treatment Records and Motion to Strike 
EFTA00728592
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 240 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 4 of 5 
C.M.A.'s Conditional Notice of Intent to Rely Exclusively on Statutory Damages (D.E. 
#216). For the following reasons said Motion is deferred to the United States District Court 
as the undersigned is without authority to grant the relief sought. The Response in 
Opposition, filed as part of the Motion, shall be considered by the undersigned when 
addressing Plaintiffs Motion for Protective Order. 
By this Motion Plaintiff seeks two distinct forms of relief each of which, due to the 
nature of the relief sought, require a ruling by two different judges, the District Judge 
(regarding Motion to Strike C.M.A.'s Conditional Notice of Intent to Rely Exclusively on 
Statutory Damages) and the Magistrate Judge (regarding Defendant's Response in 
Opposition to Plaintiffs Motion for Protective Order Regarding Treatment Records ). This 
fact was brought to the attention of Plaintiff's counsel's office prior to filing of the instant 
motion, and for purposes of judicial efficiency and docket control, it was requested that 
instead of filing one motion seeking the dual relief sought here, Plaintiff instead file two 
separate motions. 
Rather than heed the Court's suggestion, however, Plaintiff's counsel has filed one 
motion seeking the dual relief described above, stating in a footnote "[tjhe Response in 
Opposition to the Motions for Protective Order and the Motion to Strike are inextricably 
woven together in that each deal with critical discovery issues. Thus the Response and the 
Motion to Strike must be handled simultaneously by the Court? Defs Resp. and Mtn., p.4 
(emphasis added). Obviously what the Court "must" do is for the Court, and not any 
particular party, to decide. Decision-making is and always has been the exclusive province 
of a judge, while a party's role is limited to that of requesting relief. This is a fact all parties 
would do well to remember. Having reviewed the pleadings filed incident to this Motion, 
EFTA00728593
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 240 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 5 of 5 
and being otherwise duly advised in the premises, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Defendant's Response in Opposition to Plaintiffs 
Motion for Protective Order Regarding Treatment Records and Motion to Strike C.M.A.'s 
Conditional Notice of Intent to Rely Exclusively on Statutory Damages (D.E. #216) is 
DEFERRED TO THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT, as the undersigned is without 
authority to grant the relief sought. Epstein's Response in Opposition to Plaintiffs Motion 
for Protective Order, filed as part of the Motion, shall be considered by the undersigned 
when addressing Plaintiffs Motion for Protective Order. 
DONE AND ORDERED this August 4, 2009, in Chambers, at West Palm Beach, 
Florida. 
LINNEA R. JO 
ON 
UNITED STAT S MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
CC: 
The Honorable Kenneth A. Marra 
All Counsel of Record 
EFTA00728594

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728595.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 2 of 22 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
CASE NO.: 08-80994-CIV-MARRNJOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80811-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08- 80893-CIV-MARRNJOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
EFTA00728595
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 3 of 22 
Defendants. 
DOE II, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80469-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80591-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102 
CASE NO.: 09-
80656-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
I 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on Plaintiffs Motion to Compel Answers to 
Interrogatories and Production of Documents (D.E. #57). For the following reasons said 
EFTA00728596
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 4 of 22 
Motion is granted in part and denied in part as follows. 
In this case, which has been consolidated for purposes of discovery, Plaintiffs are 
former under-age girls who allege they were sexually assaulted by Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein ("Epstein"), at his Palm Beach mansion home. The scheme is alleged to have 
taken place over the course of several years in or around 2004-2005, when the girls in 
question were approximately 16 years of age. As part of this scheme, Epstein, with the 
help of his assistantn, 
allegedly lured economically disadvantaged minor girls 
to his homes in Palm beach, New York and St. 
, with the promise of money in 
exchange for a massage. Epstein purportedly transformed the massage into a sexual 
assault. 
The three-count Complaint alleges sexual assault and battery (Count I), 
intentional infliction of emotional distress (Count II), and, coercion and enticement to sexual 
activity in violation of 18 U.S.C. §2422 (Count III). 
In 2008. Epstein entered into a Non-Prosecution Agreement with the United States 
Attorney General's Office for the Federal Southern District of Florida and the State 
Attorney's Office for Palm Beach County. Under the terms of the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement, any criminal prosecution against Epstein is deferred as long as he abides by 
the certain terms and conditions contained therein. If at any time the United States 
Attorney's Office has reason to believe Epstein is in breach of the Agreement, it need only 
provide Epstein's counsel with notice of the breach and then move forward with Epstein's 
prosecution. Accordingly, the undersigned would agree with Epstein's statement at page 
of its Response, that the fact there exists a Non-Prosecution Agreement does not mean 
that Epstein is free from future criminal prosecution, and that in fact, "the threat of 
prosecution is real, substantial, and present." Id. 
EFTA00728597
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 5 of 22 
By this Motion, Plaintiff seeks to compel answers to certain interrogatories and 
requests for production that were propounded December 9, 2008. Defendant has 
responded by asserting several objections, the primary one of which is an assertion of his 
Fifth Amendment privilege. 
The Fifth Amendment serves as a guarantee against testimonial compulsion and 
provides, In relevant part, that "(nlo person...shall be compelled in any Criminal Case to be 
a witness against himself." Id. In practice, the Fifth Amendment's privilege against self-
incrimination "permits a person not to answer official questions put to him in any other 
proceeding, civil or criminal, formal or informal, where the answers might incriminate him 
in future criminal proceedings." Edwin v. Price, 778 F.2d 668, 669 (11th Cir. 1985)(citing 
Lefkowitz v. Turley, 414 U.S. 70. 77 (1973)). 
The privilege is accorded "liberal 
construction in favor of the right it was intended to secure," Hoffman v. United States, 341 
U.S. 479, 486 (1951), and extends not only to answers that would in themselves support 
a criminal conviction, but extends also to those answers which would furnish a link in the 
chain of evidence needed to prosecute the claimant fora crime. Id.; Blau v. United States, 
340 U.S. 159 (1950). Thus, information is protected by the privilege not only if it would 
support a criminal conviction, but also in those instances where "the responses would 
merely 'provide a lead or clue' to evidence having a tendency to incriminate." United States 
v. Neff, 615 F.2d 1235, 1239 (9th Cir.), cert. denied, 447 U.S. 925 (1980). 
The Fifth Amendment's privilege against self-incrimination comes into play only in 
those instances where the witness has "reasonable cause to apprehend danger from a 
direct answer." Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 486 (citing Mason v. United States, 244 U.S. 362, 365 
(1917)). "The claimant must be 'confronted by substantial and 'real,' and not merely trifling 
EFTA00728598
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 6 of 22 
or imaginary, hazards of incrimination." United States v. Apfelbaum, 445 U.S. 115, 128 
(1980). 
When the Fifth Amendment privilege is raised as a bar to discovery, a blanket 
refusal to answer questions or to produce documents is improper. Anqlade v. Sprague, 822 
F.2d 1035, 1037 (11th Cir. 1987). Instead, the privilege must be asserted in response to 
a particular question, and in each instance the burden is on the claimant to justify 
invocation of the privilege. Id. Once a particularized showing has been made, "(i)t is for the 
court to decide whether a witness' silence is justified and to require him to answer if it 
clearly appears to the court that the witness asserting the privilege is mistaken as to its 
validity." In re Moroanroth, 718 F.2d 161, 166-67 (6th Cir. 1983). In making this 
determination the judge is instructed to view the facts and evidence presented on a case-
by-case basis, and "must be governed as much by his perception of the peculiarities of the 
case, as by the fads actually in evidence? Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 487. 
The law is well established that the Fifth Amendment privilege may not apply to 
specific documents "even though they contain Incriminating assertions of fact or belief, 
because the creation of those documents was not 'compelled' within the meaning of the 
privilege." United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 35-36 (2000). However, in certain 
instances, "'the act of production' itself may implicitly communicate 'statements of fact.' 
Id. For this reason the Fifth Amendment privilege also encompasses the circumstance 
where the act of producing documents in response to a subpoena or production request 
has a compelled testimonial aspect Id. Thus, in those instances where the existence 
and/or location of the requested documents are unknown, or where production would 
"implicitly authenticate" the requested documents, the act of producing responsive 
EFTA00728599
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 7 of 22 
documents is considered testimonial and is protected by the Fifth Amendment. In re Grand 
Jury Subpoena, 1 F.3d 87, 93 (2d Cir. 1993); see also Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 
391, 410 (1976)(issue expressed as whether compliance with a document request or 
subpoena "tacitly conceded" the item's authenticity, existence or possession by the 
defendant). 
The Court begins with an analysis of the Fifth Amendment privilege as applied to 
each request. In the event the Court determines that a certain request does not infringe 
upon Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege, Epstein's additional objections to that request 
shall be addressed. Where appropriate, the Court looks to Epstein's Response 
Memorandum for more particularized objections, rather than relying solely on Epstein's 
objections as initially stated, which in some cases were less specific in nature. The Court 
also notes Plaintiff's concession, stated at pages 3 and 5 of her Motion, that the act of 
producing items in response to Production Request Nos. 9, 12-13 and responding to 
Interrogatory No. 9, may implicate the Fifth Amendment. Finally, the Court approves 
Epstein's decision not to provide a detailed privileged log, in that it is reasonable under the 
circumstances to believe that in compelling production of same, the Court would in 
essence be compelling testimony to which Epstein's constitutional protections might apply. 
As such, the Court agrees with Epstein that it makes judicial sense to decide the 
constitutional issues first, before deciding the additional discovery request objections. 
INTERROGATORIES 
Epstein's assertion of the Fifth Amendment as It relates to Interrogatories 3, 4, 5, 
6, 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17 is sustained and Plaintiffs Motion in this regard is denied. 
Interrogatories 3-6 ask Epstein to identify anyone who gave or were asked to give him 
EFTA00728600
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 8 of 22 
massages. Epstein argues, and this Court agrees, that any answer to these questions 
involve compelled statements that could reasonably furnish a link in the chain of evidence 
needed to prosecute Epstein in future criminal proceedings or even support a criminal 
conviction. Interrogatory No. 15 seeks information relating to alleged sexual abuse or 
misconduct on a minor. On its face, this interrogatory seeks incriminating evidence which 
Epstein is entitled to protect by asserting his Fifth Amendment privilege against self 
incrimination. Interrogatory No. 16 is a contention interrogatory seeking the facts upon 
which Epstein relies to support each of his pleading allegation denials and for each 
affirmative defense. As Epstein correctly observes, forcing him to answer this interrogatory 
unconstitutionally places him in the position of being compelled to testify as to his version 
of the facts, and, in asserting affirmative defenses, being compelled to admit to Plaintiffs 
version of the facts. 
Interrogatories 13, 14 and 17 ask Epstein to identify any persons or witnesses who 
have knowledge of the events in question, or who are in possession or control of any 
photos, videos, written statements, etc. pertaining to the events in question. Clearly these 
interrogatories, all of which relate to claims of sexual abuse and exploitation of a minor, 
implicate the Fifth Amendment, in that by requiring Epstein to list such persons or 
witnesses, Epstein is being forced to incriminate himself in the commission of crimes. 
Epstein's assertion of the Fifth Amendment as it relates to Interrogatories 1, 2, 9 and 
12, is likewise sustained and Plaintiffs Motion in this regard denied. While these 
interrogatories ask for general, identification-type information, which on their face may not 
appear to infringe upon or otherwise implicate Epstein's rights under the Fifth Amendment, 
based on the particularized showing made by Epstein in his Response Memorandum, the 
EFTA00728601
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 9 of 22 
facts alleged in the Complaints, and the undersigned's knowledge of the cases, it is dear 
they involve compelled statements that would furnish a link in the chain of evidence 
needed to convict him of a crime, allowing Epstein to assert his Fifth Amendment privilege. 
Interrogatory No. 1 asks Epstein to identify all employees who performed work or 
services inside his Palm Beach residence and Interrogatory No. 2 asks Epstein to identify 
all employees not identified in Interrogatory No. 1 who at any time came to Defendant's 
Palm Beach residence. Interrogatories 9 and 12 are similar in nature requesting 
information regarding the identity of persons providing transport services (Interrogatory 9), 
and a list of Epstein's employee's telephone numbers (Interrogatory 12). 
Epstein raises the same general objections to each of these interrogatories, 
referring to the allegations in the Complaints of sexual abuse, exploitation and battery, 
along with the alleged scheme of recruiting girls to come to his Palm Beach mansion to 
give him "massages," and then states that requiring him to identify his employees, his 
drivers, and his employee's telephone numbers, "would be a link in the chain of evidence 
needed to convict him of a crime." Then, in his Response Brief, Epstein goes further and 
makes a particularized showing for each of the subject interrogatories identified above 
explaining how answering these interrogatories present a real and substantial danger of 
self incrimination. See Epstein's Resp. Brief, pp. 18-20. 
As noted previously, the Fifth Amendment privilege against self incrimination is 
accorded liberal construction," Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 486, and extends not only to answers 
that would in themselves support a criminal conviction, but extends also to those answers 
which would furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute the claimant for 
a crime. Id. Thus to be afforded protection, the answer need not necessarily be enough 
EFTA00728602
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 10 of 22 
to support a criminal conviction; it is enough if the response merely provides a lead or clue 
to evidence having a tendency to incriminate. Neff, 615 F.2d at 1239. In asserting his Fifth 
Amendment privilege, Epstein expresses a concern that employees who either worked at 
his Palm Beach residence or visited his Palm Beach residence during the relevant time 
period, or drivers who drove himself or others to or from his Palm Beach residence would 
be privy to evidence that would implicate Epstein in a crime. Given the allegations raised 
in the Complaints and the elements required to convict Epstein of a crime, and considering 
the background facts underlying the case, these concerns are reasonable, real and not 
unjustified. As such, the subject requests, which essentially ask Epstein to identify potential 
witnesses against him, are subject to Epstein's assertion of his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self incrimination. 
In sustaining Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege, the Court has considered the 
facts alleged in the Complaints, the elements needed to convict Epstein of a crime, the 
particularized showing made in Epstein's Response Brief, and drawn upon the Court's 
knowledge of the cases at issue. On this basis the Court finds the privilege raised as to 
these interrogatories valid, and asserted by Epstein only with reference to "genuinely 
threatening questions? United States v. Goodwin, 625 F.2d 693, 701 (5th Cir. 1980). The 
danger Epstein faces by being forced to testify in this instance is "substantial and real, and 
not merely trifling or imaginary" as required. Apfelbaum, 445 U.S. 128. Accordingly, 
finding the above-mentioned interrogatories involve compelled statements that would 
furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to convict Epstein of a crime, the Court finds 
Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege claim validly asserted. 
When one considers the nature of the allegations, to wit a scheme and plan of 
EFTA00728603
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 11 of 22 
sexual misconduct carried out at Epsteln's various residences, and that at least one of 
Epstein's employeesa, 
is alleged to have aided Epstein in his alleged sexual 
exploitation, then it is entirely reasonable for Epstein to assert that forcing him to testify as 
to anyone who came or went to his Palm Beach mansion or was employed at his Palm 
Beach mansion (Interrogatories 1-2), the identity of persons providing transport services 
(Interrogatory No. 9), and his employee's telephone numbers (Interrogatory 12), may 
provide a lead or clue to evidence tending to incriminate him. Not only would such 
compelled testimony self-incriminate him on the elements required to establish a criminal 
violation, and thus serve as a link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute Epstein for 
a crime, but in some cases serve to incriminate him by asking Epstein to identify potential 
witnesses against him. Accordingly, Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege as it relates to 
Interrogatories 1, 2, 9 and 12 is sustained and Plaintiff's Motion in this regard is rejected. 
The same objections raised above with respect to Interrogatories 1, 2, 9 and 12 
have been raised by Epstein to justify his refusal to answer Interrogatories 7 (dates of 
Florida travel), 8 (identification of health care providers), and 11 (identification of Epstein's 
telephone numbers). These Interrogatories ask for general, identification-type information, 
which neither on their face nor by implication implicate Epstein's rights under the Fifth 
Amendment. In this regard, the Court is left with only Epstein's blanket assertion of the 
privilege in which he claims that requiring him to identify his heath care providers, his 
various telephone numbers and his dates of Florida travel, 'would be a link in the chain of 
evidence needed to convict him of a crime: See Epstein's Resp. Brief, pp. 18-20. 
Unfortunately for Epstein, this objection is so general and sweeping in nature it amounts 
to a blanket assertion of the privilege. In these circumstances, where a blanket assertion 
EFTA00728604
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 12 of 22 
of the privilege is asserted, the Court Is required to make a "particularized inquiry," and 
sustain only those privileges asserted as to "genuinely threatening questions." United 
States v. Goodwin, 625 F.2d 693, 701 (5th Cir. 1980). 
Here, Epstein's objections fall well short of the showing required of demonstrating 
that requiring him to answer these interrogatories would realistically and necessarily furnish 
a link in the chain of evidence needed to prove a crime against him. Discovery requests 
that seek background information on events and experiences of the witness for which he 
cannot realistically or genuinely be expected to be charged with a crime are not subject to 
Fifth Amendment protection. See Krause v. Rhodes, 390 F.Supp. 1070, 1071-72 (N.D. 
Ohio 1974). In summary, Epstein has failed to sustain hls burden of making a 
particularized showing to support his claim that forcing him merely to identify his health 
care providers, his dates of travel and his telephone numbers, would present a substantial 
and real threat of criminal prosecution. 
As for Epstein's non-privileged based objections, such as relevance, over breadth, 
over burdensomeness, and alleged HIPAA protection, said objections are also rejected. 
Rule 33 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, allows any party to serve on any 
other party written interrogatories concerning matters within the scope of Federal 
Rule Civil Procedure 26(b). The scope of discovery under Rule 26(b) is broad: 
"[p]arties may obtain discovery regarding any matter, not privileged, which is relevant 
to the claim or defense of any party involved in the pending action." Id. Relevant 
information need not be admissible at trial if the discovery appears reasonably 
calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence." Id: see also Hickman 
I2 
EFTA00728605
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 13 of 22 
v. Taylor, 329 U.S. 495, 507-508 (1947); Farnsworth v. Proctor and Gamble Co., 758 
F.2d 1545, 1547 (11th Cir. 1985)(the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure "strongly favor 
full discovery whenever possible"); Canal Authority v. Froehlke, 81 F.R.D. 609, 611 
(M.D. Fla. 1979). 
Thus, under Rule 26, relevancy is "construed broadly to encompass any 
matter that bears on, or that reasonably could lead to another matter that could bear 
on any issue that is or may be in the case? Oppenheimer Fund, Inc. v. Sanders, 437 
U.S. 340, 352 (1978). Discovery is not limited to the issues raised by the pleadings 
because "discovery itself is designed to help define and clarify the issues." Id. at 352. 
In short, information can be relevant and therefore discoverable, even if not 
admissible at trial, so long as the information is reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence. Dunbar v. United States, 502 F.2d 206 (5th Cir. 
1974). 
Under Fed. R. Civ. P., 26(b)(1) a court may limit discovery of relevant material 
if It determines that the discovery sought is unreasonably cumulative or duplicitive, 
or obtainable from some other source that is more convenient, less burdensome, or 
less expensive, or the burden or expense of the proposed discovery outweighs the 
likely benefit. Id. The party resisting discovery has a heavy burden of showing why 
the requested discovery should not be permitted. Rossbach v. Rundle, 128 
F.Supp.2d 1348, 1354 (S.D. Fla. 2000) ("The onus is on the party resisting discovery 
to demonstrate specifically how the objected-to information is unnecessary, 
EFTA00728606
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 14 of 22 
unreasonable or otherwise unduly burdensome."); Dunkin Donuts, Inc. v. Mary's 
Donuts, Inc., 2001 WL 34079319 (S.D. Fla. 2001)("the burden of showing that the 
requested information is not relevant to the issues in the case is on the party 
resisting discovery")(citation omitted): Gober v. City of Leesberg, 197 F.R.D. 519, 
521 (M.D. Fla. 2000)("The party resisting production of information bears the burden 
of establishing lack of relevancy or undue burden in supplying the requested 
information"). 
To meet this burden, the party resisting discovery must demonstrate 
specifically how the objected-to request is unreasonable or otherwise unduly 
burdensome. See Fed. R. Clv. P. 33(b)(4); Panola Land Buyers Ass'n v. Shuman, 
762 F.2d 1550, 1559 (11th Cir. 1985); Rossbach 128 F.Supp.2d at 1353. Thus, 
to even merit consideration, "an objection must show specifically how a discovery 
request is overly broad, burdensome or oppressive, by submitting evidence or 
offering evidence which reveals the nature of the burden." Coker v. Duke & Co., 
1777 F.R.D. 682, 686 (M.D. Ala. 1998). Once the resisting party meets its burden, 
the burden shifts to the moving party to show the information is relevant and 
necessary. Gober, 197 F.R.D. at 521; see also Hunter's Ridge Golf Co. Inc. v. 
Georgia-Pacific Corp., 233 F.R.D. 678, 680 (M.D. Fla. 2006). 
Here, the information requested concerns Epstein's dates of travel, health 
care provider identification, and list of phone numbers. This information is relevant 
in that it may lead to evidence to support Plaintiffs claims that Epstein lured her to 
EFTA00728607
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 15 of 22 
his mansion for the purpose of sexual exploitation. Substantively, the interrogatories 
are narrowly tailored to discover only information that is directly relevant to Plaintiffs 
claims and/or Epstein's defenses. Epstein's HIPAA objections are unfounded as the 
request seeks only the identification of Epstein's health care providers.' 
Finally, the requested ten-year time frame is not overly broad considering the 
allegation that Epstein has a psychosexual condition, which, if true, could very well 
have existed most, if not all, of his adult life. The Court agrees with Epstein, 
however, that Plaintiffs allegation of child abuse, does not alone provide Plaintiff with 
carte blanche access to a list of ALL of Defendant's medical providers. Instead, the 
undersigned limits the interrogatory to a request for "identification, by name, title and 
address and/or telephone number, of all of Epstein's psychologists, psychiatrists, 
therapists, or mental health counselors for the last ten years." Accordingly, except 
as mentioned above with respect to health care professionals, the Court finds Epstein's 
objections to Interrogatories 7, 8 and 12 unfounded and orders Epstein to provide 
responses to same in accordance with the afore-stated terms, within ten (10) days from 
the date hereof. 
PRODUCTION REQUESTS 
As noted previously, the Fifth Amendment privilege may not apply to specific 
' In addressing Interrogatory 8, both parties refer to the need for the Court to 
hold an in camera inspection of the documents to determine, as to each document, 
whether Fla. Stat. §39.204 is applicable. The request at issue, however, is an 
INTERROGATORY request, not a document request, and therefore these concerns are 
inapplicable. 
EFTA00728608
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 16 of 22 
documents 'even though they contain incriminating assertions of fact or belief, because 
the creation of those documents was not 'compelled' within the meaning of the privilege? 
Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 35-36. Accordingly, a party cannot avoid discovery merely because 
demanded documents contain incriminating evidence, "whether written by others or 
voluntarily prepared by himself? Id. In certain instances, however, "the act of production' 
itself may implicitly communicate 'statements of fact.'" Id. For this reason the Fifth 
Amendment privilege also encompasses the circumstance where the act of producing 
documents in response to a subpoena or production request has a compelled testimonial 
aspect Id. Thus, in those instances where the existence and/or location of the requested 
documents are unknown, or where production would 'implicitly authenticate" the requested 
documents, the act of producing responsive documents is considered testimonial and is 
protected by the Fifth Amendment. In re Grand Jury Subpoena, 1 F.3d 93. 
In response to Plaintiffs Requests for Production, Epstein has asserted an identical 
"blanket" objection to each of the 24 requests, stating essentially that while he initially 
intended to produce all responsive relevant documents, he has been advised by his 
attorneys to assert his "federal constitutional rights under the fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth 
Amendments" and refuse to produce them. In his Response Brief Epstein went further and 
explained that as to each of the production requests at issue, "the act of production itself 
involves a testimonial compulsion" in that, "Di responding to each request, Epstein would 
be compelled to admit that such documents existed, admit that the documents were in his 
possession or control, and were authentic. In other words, the very act of production of the 
category of documents requested would implicitly communicate "statements of fact." 
Epstein's Resp. Brief, p.22. According to Epstein, the "act of production might not only 
EFTA00728609
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 17 of 22 
provide evidence to support a conviction, but also a link in the chain of evidence for 
prosecution. Such compulsion to produce is the same as being compelled to testify." Id. 
The documents requested fall into several different categories consisting of 
agreements with the U.S. Attorney and State Attorney, and documents exchanged 
between the Defendant and the U.S. Attorney (Requests 1-4), telephone records 
(Requests 5-6), videos and photos of Epstein's Palm Beach residence (Request 7), 
documents relating to Plaintiff Jane Doe (Request 8), air travel records (Request 10), 
documents relating to model agencies (Request 11), correspondence with other witnesses 
(Request 14-17, 19), social networking documents (Request 18), gifts to minor females 
(Request 20), personal calendars and diaries (Requests 21-22), and, prescription 
medicines (Request 23).2
Defendant's Motion as it relates to Production Requests 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 14, 15, 16, 
and 20 is denied. The very act of producing documents in response to these requests 
is testimonial in nature, in that by production, Epstein would be implicitly communicating 
"statements of fact: to which the Fifth Amendment privilege may be validly asserted. 
Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 35-36. Not only do the subject requests implicitly involve "statements 
of fact: given the nature of the allegations against Epstein, they could also serve as links 
in the chain of evidence needed for prosecution. As such, Epstein's Fifth Amendment 
privilege assertion as it relates to these requests is sustained. 
On page 5, footnote 6 of Plaintiffs Reply Brief, Plaintiff concedes that the act of 
producing items in response to Request 9, concerning witness statements, and 
Requests 12-13, conceming photographs or images of females, may implicate the Fifth 
Amendment. As such, Epstein's assertion of his Fifth Amendment privilege as it relates 
to these requests stands and Epstein need not produce documents responsive to 
Requests 9, 12-13.. 
EFTA00728610
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 18 of 22 
In sustaining Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege, the Court has considered the 
particular requests at issue, the facts alleged in the Complaints, the elements needed to 
convict Epstein of a crime, and has drawn upon the Court's knowledge concerning the 
cases at issue. On this basis, the Court finds the privilege raised as to these requests 
valid, and esserted by Epstein only with reference to `genuinely threatening questions? 
Goodwin, 625 F.2d at 701. Accordingly, finding the above-mentioned requests involve 
compelled statements that could fumish a link in the chain of evidence needed to convict 
Epstein of a crime, the Court finds Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege claim as applied 
to these requests validly asserted. 
The Court notes that in making this determination it is cognizant that except in those 
instances where it is apparent from the face of the subject requests that the act of 
producing responsive items would be protected under the Fifth Amendment, it is the 
Defendant's burden to demonstrate that the act of producing any particular responsive 
documents would entail testimonial self-incrimination. U.S. v. Wuikowski, 929 F.2d 981, 
984 (4th Cir. 1991). In the instant case, it is evident from the requests themselves, the 
allegations in the various Complaints, and the facts and circumstances surrounding these 
cases, that to demand from Epstein a more particularized showing of danger, would require 
Epstein "to surrender the very protection which the privilege is designed to guarantee." 
Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 479. As such, no more particularized showing than that offered by 
Epstein in his Response Brief is necessary. 
Plaintiffs Motion as it relates to Request 7 and 23 is granted. Request 7 seeks all 
surveillance videos or photographs of the Palm Beach residence. Request 23 seeks all 
documents referring or relating to Epstein's purchase or consumption of prescription 
EFTA00728611
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 19 of 22 
medication. It is not evident from the face of these requests, even given the allegations 
contained in the Complaints and the undersigned's knowledge of the facts and 
circumstances surrounding the action, how production of these responsive documents can 
in any way be seen to implicitly communicate "statements of fact." Nor is it evident from 
the face of these requests how production of responsive documents may "implicitly 
authenticate" items that are not themselves incriminating. It is therefore incumbent on 
Epstein to make a particularized showing, demonstrating how the act of producing 
responses to these requests would entail testimonial incrimination.  Wuikowski, 929 F.2d 
at 984 (4th Cir. 1991). Epstein has failed to sustain his burden in this regard. Accordingly, 
Epstein's assertion of his Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination in response 
to Requests 7 and 23 is denied, and Plaintiff's Motion as it relates to these requests is 
granted. Defendant has ten (10) days from the date hereof in which to produce documents 
responsive to these requests. 
Plaintiffs Motion as it relates to requests for air travel documents (Request 10), 
model agency documents (Request 11), social networking site documents and photos 
(Request 18), witness statements (Request 19), and personal calendars or schedules 
(Request 21), is granted in part and denied in part. It is not evident from the face of these 
requests, even given the allegations contained in the Complaints and the undersigned's 
knowledge of the facts and circumstances surrounding the action, how production of 
responsive documents can in any way be seen to implicitly communicate "statements of 
fact." Nor is it evident from the face of the requests how production of responsive 
documents may "implicitly authenticate" items that are not themselves incriminating. It is 
therefore incumbent on Epstein to make a particularized showing, demonstrating how the 
EFTA00728612
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-ICAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 20 of 22 
act of prooucing responses to these requests would entail testimonial incrimination. 
Wu kowski, 929 F.2d at 984 (4th Cir. 1991). Epstein has failed to sustain his burden in this 
regard. 
Nonetheless, because the undersigned can imagine a scenario where production 
of documents responsive to these requests might constitute testimonial self incrimination, 
the Court defers ruling on the issue until such time as Epstein supplements his Response 
Brief by making a particularized showing, by in camera submission or otherwise, 
demonstrating how the Fifth Amendment may validly be asserted in response to these 
requests. Epstein shall have fifteen (days) from the date hereof in which to accomplish this 
task. Epstein has fifteen (15) days from the date hereof in which to produce documents 
responsive to any requests he elects not to address in the forthcoming supplementation. 
Plaintiffs Motion as it relates to Request 5, seeking "all telephone records and other 
documents reflecting telephone calls made by or to Defendant, is denied as overly-broad 
and unduly burdensome. Plaintiff has failed to satisfactorily explain the relevance of this 
information to this litigation. Given the tremendous burden of producing the requested 
information, coupled with its tenuous connection to the issues in this case, the Court 
declines to compel a response to this request. See, e.q., World Triathlon Corp. v. SRS 
Sports Centre SDN, BHD, Case No. 8:04-cv-1594-T-24TBM, 2005 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 15412, 
at *2 (M.D. Fla. July 29, 2005)("the court may limit discovery upon the determination that 
the discovery sought is unreasonably burdensome or expensive or the expense of the 
proposed discovery outweighs its likely benefit, taking into account the needs of the case, 
the amount in controversy, the parties' resources, and the importance of the proposed 
discovery in resolving issues."). Priest v. Rotary, 98 F.R.D. 755, 761 (N.D. Cal. 
EFTA00728613
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 21 of 22 
1983X"When a discovery request lalpproaches the outer bounds of relevance and the 
information requested may only marginally enhance the objectives of providing information 
to the parties or narrowing the issues, the Court must then weigh that request with the 
hardship to the party from whom the discovery is sought.'")(quoting Carlson Cos., Inc. v. 
Sperry & Hutchinson Co., 374 F.Supp. 1080, 1088 (D.Minn. 1974)); 10 Federal Procedure, 
Lawyer's Edition § 26:70 (1994 & Supp. 2005)("the district courts should not neglect their 
power to restrict discovery where justice requires protection for a party ... from undue 
burden or expense."). 
Finally, to the extent Epstein asks the Court to forbid the drawing of an adverse 
inference against Epstein for his failure to respond to discovery, said request is denied at 
this time, without prejudice and with leave to renew at a later date, as the request at this 
early juncture of the proceedings is premature. 
In accordance with the above and foregoing, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Plaintiff's Motion to Compel Answers to 
Interrogatories and Production of Documents (D.E. #57) is GRANTED IN PART AND 
DENIED IN PART in accordance with the terms of the within Order. In accordance 
herewith, Plaintiffs Motion as it relates to Interrogatories 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 9, 12, 13, 14, 15, 
and 17 and Production Requests 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 14, 15, 16, 17, and 20 is denied, 
and Plaintiff's Motion as it relates to Interrogatories 7, 8 and 11, and Production Requests 
and 23 is granted. A ruling on Plaintiff's Motion as it relates to Production Requests 10, 
11, 18, 19. and 21 is deferred until Epstein files his Supplementary Response Brief, due 
fifteen (15) days from the date hereof, in which Epstein is required to make a particularized 
EFTA00728614
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 22 of 22 
showing, by In camera submission or otherwise, demonstrating how the Fifth Amendment 
may validly be asserted in response to these requests. Any of the above-mentioned 
requests (Requests 10, 11, 18, 19 and 21) not addressed in the forthcoming supplement 
are deemed by the Court to be outside a valid claim of Fifth Amendment privilege and must 
be responded to within fifteen (15) days from the date hereof. 
DONE AND ORDERED this August 4, 2009, in Chambers, at West Palm Beach, 
Florida. 
eins.O-"--
LINNEA R. JOHNSON 
UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
CC: 
The Honorable Kenneth A. Marra 
All Counsel of Record 
EFTA00728615

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728616.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 480 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/04/2010 Page 1 of 10 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on Plaintiffs' Motion to Compel Responses to Net 
Worth Discovery (D.E. #333). For the following reasons said Motion is granted in part and 
denied in part as follows. 
In this case, which has been consolidated for purposes of discovery, Plaintiffs are 
former under-age girls who allege they were sexually assaulted by Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein ("Epstein"), at his Palm Beach mansion home. The scheme is alleged to have 
taken place over the course of several years in or around 2004-2005, when the girls in 
question were approximately 16 years of age. As part of this scheme, Epstein, with the 
help of his assistant 
, allegedly lured economically disadvantaged minor girls 
to his homes in Palm beach, New York and St. 
with the promise of money in 
EFTA00728616
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 480 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/04/2010 Page 2 of 10 
exchange for a massage. Epstein purportedly transformed the massage into a sexual 
assault. 
The three-count Complaint alleges sexual assault and battery (Count I), 
intentional infliction of emotional distress (Count II), and, coercion and enticement to sexual 
activity in violation of 18 U.S.C. §2422 (Count III). 
In 2008, Epstein entered into a Non-Prosecution Agreement with the United States 
Attorney General's Office for the Federal Southern District of Florida and the State 
Attorney's Office for Palm Beach County. Under the terms of the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement, any criminal prosecution against Epstein is deferred as long as he abides by 
the certain terms and conditions contained therein. If at any time the United States 
Attorney's Office has reason to believe Epstein is in breach of the Agreement, it need only 
provide Epstein's counsel with notice of the breach and then move forward with Epstein's 
prosecution. Accordingly, the mere fact the Government and Epstein have entered into 
a Non-Prosecution Agreement does not mean that Epstein is free from future criminal 
prosecution. 
By the instant Motion Plaintiffs seek an order compelling Epstein to respond to 
various discovery requests (production and interrogatory) which seek information related 
to Epstein's net worth. Defendant has responded by asserting several objections, which 
to the extent necessary shall be discussed subsequently herein, the primary one of which 
is an assertion of his Fifth Amendment privilege. 
The Fifth Amendment serves as a guarantee against testimonial compulsion and 
provides, in relevant part, that "[n]ci person...shall be compelled in any Criminal Case to be 
a witness against himself." Id. In practice, the Fifth Amendment's privilege against self-
incrimination "permits a person not to answer official questions put to him in any other 
proceeding, civil or criminal, formal or informal, where the answers might incriminate him 
EFTA00728617
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 480 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/04/2010 Page 3 of 10 
in future criminal proceedings." Edwin v. Price, 778 F.2d 668, 669 (11th Cir. 1985)(citing 
Lefkowitz v. Turley, 414 U.S. 70, 77 (1973)). 
The privilege is accorded "liberal 
construction in favor of the right it was intended to secure," Hoffman v. United States, 341 
U.S. 479, 486 (1951), and extends not only to answers that would in themselves support 
a criminal conviction, but extends also to those answers which would furnish a link in the 
chain of evidence needed to prosecute the claimant for a crime. Id.; Blau v. United States, 
340 U.S. 159 (1950). Thus, information is protected by the privilege not only if it would 
support a criminal conviction, but also in those instances where "the responses would 
merely 'provide a lead or clue' to evidence having a tendency to incriminate." United States 
v. Neff, 615 F.2d 1235, 1239 (9th Cir.), cert. denied, 447 U.S. 925 (1980). 
The Fifth Amendment's privilege against self-incrimination comes into play only in 
those instances where the witness has "reasonable cause to apprehend danger from a 
direct answer." Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 486 (citing Mason v. United States, 244 U.S. 362, 365 
(1917)). "The claimant must be 'confronted by substantial and 'real,' and not merely trifling 
or imaginary, hazards of incrimination." United States v. Apfelbaum, 445 U.S. 115, 128 
(1980). 
When the Fifth Amendment privilege is raised as a bar to discovery, a blanket 
refusal to answer questions or to produce documents is improper. Anglada v. Sprague, 822 
F.2d 1035, 1037 (11th Cir. 1987). Instead, the privilege must be asserted in response to 
a particular question, and in each instance the burden is on the claimant to justify 
invocation of the privilege. Id. Once a particularized showing has been made, "[fit is for the 
court to decide whether a witness' silence is justified and to require him to answer if it 
clearly appears to the court that the witness asserting the privilege is mistaken as to its 
validity." In re Morganroth, 718 F.2d 161, 166-67 (6th Cir. 1983). In making this 
EFTA00728618
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 480 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/04/2010 Page 4 of 10 
determination the judge is instructed to view the facts and evidence presented on a case-
by-case basis, and "must be governed as much by his perception of the peculiarities of the 
case, as by the facts actually in evidence." Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 487. 
The law is well established that the Fifth Amendment privilege may not apply to 
specific documents "even though they contain incriminating assertions of fact or belief, 
because the creation of those documents was not 'compelled' within the meaning of the 
privilege." United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 35-36 (2000). However, in certain 
instances, "'the act of production' itself may implicitly communicate 'statements of fact.'" 
Id. For this reason the Fifth Amendment privilege also encompasses the circumstance 
where the act of producing documents in response to a subpoena or production request 
has a compelled testimonial aspect Id. Thus, in those instances where the existence 
and/or location of the requested documents are unknown, or where production would 
"implicitly authenticate" the requested documents, the act of producing responsive 
documents is considered testimonial and is protected by the Fifth Amendment. In re Grand 
Jury Subpoena, 1 F.3d 87, 93 (2d Cir. 1993); see also Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 
391, 410 (1976)(issue expressed as whether compliance with a document request or 
subpoena "tacitly conceded" the item's authenticity, existence or possession by the 
defendant). 
The Court begins with an analysis of the Fifth Amendment privilege as applied to 
each request or category of requests. In the event the Court determines that a certain 
request does not infringe upon Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege, Epstein's additional 
objections to that request shall be addressed. Where appropriate, the Court looks to those 
portions of Defendant's Response Memorandum submitted in camera. In this regard, the 
Court notes that in their Reply Memorandum (D.E. #426), Plaintiffs take issue with 
EFTA00728619
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 480 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/04/2010 Page 5 of 10 
Defendant's failure to obtain court approval before submitting the subject material for in 
camera review. While the Court agrees the better practice would have been to obtain court 
approval before such filing, under the unique circumstances of this case, the undersigned 
does not find such lapse fatal to Defendant's position. For purposes of completeness, 
however, the undersigned hereby sua sponte allows the in camera submission provided 
by Defendant, which the undersigned has this day submitted for filing under seal in the 
Clerk's Office. 
The requests at issue are in the form of interrogatories and requests for production 
and essentially seek overlapping information, namely, all federal and state income tax 
returns and related documents filed with the government between 2003 and 2008 (Prod. 
Reqst. No. 1 and Interr. Reqst. Nos. 2 - 3); all documents relating to Defendant's assets, 
liabilities, income, expenses and net worth for the last five years (Prod. Reqst. No. 2 and 
Interr. Reqst. Nos 1-7, 10-12); all documentation relating to financing or loans requested 
or applied for by the Defendant including loan applications, appraisals, financial 
spreadsheets, etc. (Prod. Reqst. No. 3 and Interr. Reqst. Nos. 1-3, 7); all appraisals 
indicating fair market value of real estate and other property owned by Defendant (Prod. 
Reqst. No. 4 and Intern Reqst. Nos. 8-9 ); and, all documents relating to any investment 
or savings accounts owned or controlled by Defendant such as account statements and 
summaries (Prod. Reqst. No. 5 and Interr. Reqst. Nos. 1-2, 10-12). As stated previously 
Defendant raised the same general objection to each of these requests, the primary 
objection being that to force him to respond would violate his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. 
With the exception of Prod. Reqst. No. 1, which shall be discussed subsequently, 
the Court finds the subject requests objectionable in that they seek compelled 
EFTA00728620
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 480 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/04/2010 Page 6 of 10 
statements/admissions that could reasonably furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed 
to prosecute Epstein in future criminal proceedings related both to the issues in the instant 
case and/or to the issues that relate to a separate criminal action about which Defendant 
has a substantial and reasonable basis to be concerned about. In the latter regard the 
Court relies, in part, upon the submission provided by Defendant in camera with respect 
to the "target offenses" referenced therein. 
As noted previously, the Fifth Amendment privilege against self incrimination is 
accorded "liberal construction," Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 486, and extends not only to answers 
that would in themselves support a criminal conviction, but extends also to those answers 
which would furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute the claimant for 
a crime. Id. Thus to be afforded protection, the answer need not necessarily be enough 
to support a criminal conviction; it is enough if the response merely provides a lead or clue 
to evidence having a tendency to incriminate. Neff, 615 F.2d at 1239. 
In asserting his Fifth Amendment privilege, Epstein expresses a concern that if 
forced to respond to the subject requests regarding his financial net worth, financial history 
and witnesses with knowledge of his actions, he may be deemed to have waived his right 
to decline to respond to other inquiries related to the same subject matter in this case, the 
related cases and those matters outlined in Epstein's in camera submission. Given the 
allegations raised in the various Complaints and the elements required to convict Epstein 
of a crime, and considering the background facts underlying the instant case, and the 
issues outlined in Defendant's submission in camera, the Court finds these concerns are 
reasonable, real and not unjustified. It goes without saying that being forced to produce 
documents and/or produce lists identifying the existence of the detailed financial 
information sought and disclosing information regarding the identity and location of 
EFTA00728621
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 480 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/04/2010 Page 7 of 10 
potential witnesses against Defendant is tantamount to forcing testimonial disclosures that 
would communicate statements of fact. See Fisher, 425 U.S. at 410 (noting that the Fifth 
Amendment covers situations where the act of producing documents has "communicative 
aspects of its own wholly aside from contents of the papers produced"). 
Apart from Defendant's justified concerns regarding waiver, are the very real 
concerns that by forcing Defendant to respond to the subject discovery requests regarding 
his financial status and history, the Court risks providing the government with a link in the 
chain of evidence needed to convict Defendant of a crime. The potential for providing such 
a "link" is high when one considers that by forcing Defendant to respond, he will be 
implicitly communicating statements of fact, authenticating documents and testifying to 
their location, as well as providing clues as to the identity and location of witnesses that by 
such disclosure may serve to further a criminal investigation against him. Further, as the 
requests at issue would require disclosure in connection with Defendant's ownership of 
assets and transfers of assets inside and outside the United States, such disclosure could 
reveal the availability to him and/or use by him of interstate facilities, which again may 
implicate Defendant in additional crimes. In short, the requests at issue seek to have 
Defendant be a witness against himself, assist with Plaintiffs' investigation and identify 
areas that could result in future prosecution of Defendant, a result clearly prohibited by the 
Constitution. In this regard, Plaintiffs' claims that Defendant's constitutional rights are "not 
even remotely implicated" because the requests relate solely to Defendant's net worth and 
are "unrelated to Defendant's inducement of minors to sexual activity,"' ring hollow. See 
Rudy-Glanzer v. Glanzer, 232 F.3d at 1263 (the "privilege" against self-incrimination does 
' See Plaintiffs' Mtn. (D.E. #333), p.7. 
EFTA00728622
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 480 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/04/2010 Page 8 of 10 
not depend upon the likelihood, but upon the possibility of prosecution and also covers 
those circumstances where the disclosures would not be directly incriminating, but could 
provide an indirect link to incriminating evidence). 
In accordance with the foregoing the Court finds that such forced disclosure with 
regard to the requests at issue presents a real and substantial danger of self-incrimination 
in this case, in other related cases, and relative to other potential realistically based federal 
claims. The Court finds further that the danger Defendant faces by being forced to testify 
in this instance is "substantial and real, and not merely trifling or imaginary" as required. 
Apfelbaum, 445 U.S. 128. On this basis the Court finds the privilege raised as to all 
requests other than Prod. Reqst. No. 1, which shall be discussed shortly, validly asserted. 
Accordingly, Defendant's objection as it relates to each of the subject net worth discovery 
requests, other than Prod. Reqst. No. 1, is sustained and Defendant need not produce 
documents or serve answers to said discovery requests. 
The Court does not hold similarly with respect to Prod. Reqst. No. 1, which seeks 
"all federal and State income tax returns, including all W-2 forms, 1099 forms and 
schedules, for tax years 2003-2008," The law is well established that the Fifth Amendment 
privilege against self-incrimination does not extend to documents whose existence is 
known to the government or is a foregone conclusion. Fisher, 425 U.S. at 410; United 
States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 44 (2000); United States v. Ponds, 454 F.3d 313, 325 
(D.C. Cir. 2006). Thus, while the Fifth Amendment covers situations where the act of 
producing documents has "communicative aspects of its own wholly aside from contents 
of the papers produced" Fisher, 425 U.S. at 410, the doctrine does not apply where the 
government has "prior knowledge of either the existence or the whereabouts of 
the...documents ultimately produced... ." Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 44. 
EFTA00728623
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 480 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/04/2010 Page 9 of 10 
Prod. Reqst. No. 1 seeks production of documents the government is already in 
possession of, making the government's prior knowledge of the documents sought an 
obvious and undeniable "foregone conclusion." As such, Defendant can not reasonably 
and in good faith argue that in producing these documents to Plaintiff he will somehow be 
incriminating himself. In re Grand Jury Subpoena, 383 F.3d 905, 910 (9'h Cir. 2004) (noting 
there can be no self-incrimination by production where the "existence and location of the 
documents ... are a 'foregone conclusion' and [the claimant] ... adds little or nothing to the 
sum total of the Government's information by conceding that he in fact has the 
documents."). 
Defendant's alternative objection that tax returns enjoy a higher degree of protection 
than ordinary financial documents because tax returns are "confidential under federal law,"2
does little to advance his cause. The Court has already addressed and rejected this 
argument finding that where, as here, the moving party has demonstrated a need for the 
tax returns at issue, the court's order requiring such disclosure voids the confidentiality 
concerns the law was designed to protect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to 
ameliorate Defendant's concerns in this regard the undersigned hereby orders that the tax 
returns and related documents filed with the government that are subject to production by 
virtue of the within Order may be disclosed only to the parties and to the attorneys of 
record in this case and to the agents of such parties and/or attorneys and may only be 
utilized for purposes of this litigation. In accordance with the above and foregoing, it is 
hereby, 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Plaintiffs' Motion to Compel Responses to Net 
= See Defendant's Resp., p.13. 
EFTA00728624
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 480 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/04/2010 Page 10 of 10 
Worth Discovery (D.E. #333) is GRANTED IN PART AND DENIED IN PART IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS ORDER. For the reasons stated herein, the 
Court finds Defendant's Fifth Amendment objections validly asserted with respect to each 
of the subject requests other than Prod. Reqst. No. 1. As for Prod. Reqst. No. 1, 
Defendant is ordered to produce the documents responsive to this request within ten (10) 
days from the date hereof, or if said documents are not in Defendant's possession or 
immediate control, must produce a release with regard to same within five (5) days from 
the date hereof. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers, in West Palm Beach Florida, this 4th day of 
March, 2010. 
4-" 
477,6-09‘.. 
LINNEA R. JOHN„S N 
UNITED STATE MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
CC: 
The Hon. Kenneth A. Marra 
All Counsel of Record 
I0 
EFTA00728625

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728626.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 253 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08,0712009 
Page 1 of 5 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
EFTA00728626
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 253 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08,0712009 
Page 2 of 5 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80994-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
C.M.A., 
CASE NO.: 08-80811 -CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08- 80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
EFTA00728627
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 253 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/07/2009 
Page 3 of 5 
Defendants. 
DOE II, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80469-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80591-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102 
CASE NO.: 09- 80656-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Defendant" or 
"Epstein")'s Motions to Compel and/or Identify Jane Doe in the Style of this Case and Motion to 
EFTA00728628
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 253 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/07/2009 
Page 4 of 5 
Identify Doe in Third-Party Subpoenas for Purposes of Discovery, or Alternatively Motion to 
Dismiss (DE 65 in 08-80119). The Court has reviewed the motions, responses, and replies, and 
is otherwise fully advised in the premesis. 
Plaintiffs filed their respective suits under a pseudonym (although Defendant and his 
counsel are aware of Plaintiffs' legal names) to prevent public disclosure of private, intimate facts 
pertaining to their alleged sexual abuse and exploitation by Defendant when they were minors. 
Plaintiffs claim that public disclosure of their legal names would create a substantial risk to them 
of further psychological harm. 
Defendant argues that the purpose of his motion to identify is to obtain discovery related 
to the allegations in Plaintiffs' respective complaints and to properly defend and investigate the 
matters that have been filed against him. Defendant claims that Plaintiffs "gather together in a 
continued effort to stonewall and prevent discovery of their past medical, psychological and 
employment histories." (DE 247 at 4). 
Defendant states that he will withdraw his request for Plaintiffs to be identified in the 
styles of their respective cases if he is permitted to conduct the necessary and regular discovery 
related to Plaintiffs' allegations in their complaints. (DE 247 at 5-6). Defendant argues that 
failure to allow him discovery is severely prejudicing him. 
The Court agrees that Defendant is entitled to discovery relating to the allegations in 
Plaintiffs' complaints. However, it also acknowleges Plaintiff's concerns regarding public 
disclosure of their legal names. Accordingly, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Motions to Compel and/or Identify Jane Doe in the 
Style of this Case and Motion to Identify Doe in Third-Party Subpoenas for Purposes of 
EFTA00728629
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 253 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/07/2009 
Page 5 of 5 
Discovery, or Alternatively Motion to Dismiss (DE 65 in 08-80119) are GRANTED IN PART 
AND DENIED IN PART as follows: Based upon Defendant's agreement, the plaintiffs need not 
be identified by their legal names in the styles of these cases. As to third party discovery, 
Defendant shall style any subpoenas to third parties for documents or depositions with the case 
number and style "In Re [plaintiff's legal name]." Further, the subpoenas to third parties shall 
not make reference to or identify Defendant by name. Defendant's alternative motion to dismiss 
sua sponte is denied. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 7ih day of August, 2009 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
Copies furnished to: 
all counsel of record 
EFTA00728630

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728631.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728631.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 555 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/01/2010 Page 1 of 3 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
/ 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
/ 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on Plaintiff Jane Doe No.2's Motion to Compel 
Compliance with Subpoena and for Order of Contempt Against Alfredo Rodriguez (D.E. 
#469). The time period for filing a response in opposition to the subject Motion has passed 
and Mr. Rodriguez has elected to not file a response to the Motion. Noting Mr. Rodriguez' 
failure to file a response to the Motion, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that said Motion, Plaintiff Jane Doe No.2's Motion to 
Compel Compliance with Subpoena and for Order of Contempt Against Alfredo Rodriguez 
(D.E. #469), is GRANTED IN PART BY DEFAULT pursuant to and in accordance with S.D. 
Fla. L.R. 7.1.C, as follows. 
The Court hereby grants by default that portion of the Plaintiff's Motion seeking an 
EFTA00728631
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 555 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/01/2010 Page 2 of 3 
order compelling Rodriguez to comply with the July 25, 2009 Subpoena requesting any and 
all journal, notes diaries and writings relating to Jeffrey Epstein including the journal 
described by Rodriguez to Palm Beach Police that contains the names of girls who visited 
the residence. The Court declines at this time to find Rodriguez in contempt of Court. 
Should Rodriguez fail to comply with the within Order compelling production, Plaintiff may 
file a renewed motion for contempt at that time. 
On February 1, 2010, after Rodriguez appeared for deposition and claimed he did 
not have the documents subpoenaed, Rodriguez was arraigned in federal court on 
obstruction of justice charges based on allegations that he intentionally withheld 
documents from federal and state law enforcement authorities. According to the criminal 
complaint, after making misrepresentations to federal law enforcement officials and 
withholding documents, he attempted to sell these same documents to a cooperating 
witness for $50,000. This alleged offer to sell was made after his August 7, 2009 deposition 
at which he testified under oath that he did not possess the documents. 
To the extent Rodriguez still retains a copy of the subject journal, he is ordered to 
produce same within ten (10) days from the date hereof. To the extent Rodriguez does not 
have in his possession a copy of the subject journal, he is ordered to, within three (3) from 
the date hereof, provide the government in his criminal case with a written request for said 
journal and within the same time period furnish the Plaintiff in this case with a copy of said 
request. Thereafter, Rodriguez shall have three (3) days from receipt of said journal from 
the Government, to produce same to the Plaintiff herein. See United States v. Bagley, 473 
U.S. 667 (1985) (U.S. Attorney's Office has an affirmative duty to produce all evidence in 
their possession that is material to the guilt of the defendant, regardless of whether that 
EFTA00728632
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 555 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/01/2010 Page 3 of 3 
information was requested by the defendant or not). Rule 45(a)(1)(l), Fed. R. Civ. P., 
permits a party to subpoena documents from a non-party that are within "that person's 
possession, custody or control." The term "control" under the federal discovery rules 
includes not only documents in the non-party's possession, but also "the legal right to 
obtain the documents requested on demand." Searock v. Stripling, 736 F.2d 650 (111" Cir. 
1984). Inasmuch as Rodriguez has the right to obtain the subpoenaed documents under 
Bagley or in the normal course of discovery in his criminal case, the fact Rodriguez may 
not have the documents requested in the subpoena at the moment is irrelevant. In 
accordance with the above and foregoing, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Plaintiff Jane Doe No.2's Motion to Compel 
Compliance with Subpoena and for Order of Contempt Against Alfredo Rodriguez (D.E. 
#469) is GRANTED IN PART in accordance with the terms herein. 
DONE AND ORDERED this June 1, 2010, in Chambers, at West Palm Beach, 
Florida. 
7:7;o9A__,
LINNEA R. JO)14 ON 
UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
CC: 
The Honorable Kenneth A. Marra 
All Counsel of Record 
Fedl. Public Defender, Dave Lee Brannon, Counsel for Non-Party Rodriguez 
450 S. Australian Ave. Suite #500 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401-5008 
EFTA00728633

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728634.pdf
----------------------------------------
RECEIVED 
SEP 22 2010 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
ALAN GIFFORD D/B/A BLESSED 
TRUCKING 
VS 
LSJ. LLC 
LAFAYETTE CONTRACTORS, LLC 
WILLIAM ROWLES 
LANCE GALLOWAY 
CASE NO. ST-09-CV-0000091 
ACTION FOR: DEBT - CIVIL 
Defendant 
NOTICE OF ENTRY OF 
ORDER 
TO: 
AMOS W. CARTY, JR., ESQ. 
DENISE FRANCOIS. ESQ. 
Please take notice that on September 20, 2010 a(n) ORDER dated 
September 16, 2010 was entered by the Clerk in the above-entitled matter. 
Dated: September 20. 2010 
Venetia H. Velazquez. Esq. 
Clerk of the Court 
KHAULA FRETT 
COURT CLERK II 
EFTA00728634
--- PAGE 2 ---
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
ALAN GIFFORD cUbia BLESSED TRUCKING, 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO. ST-09-CV-91 
) 
v. 
) 
) 
LSJ, LLC, LAFAYETTE CONTRACTORS, LLC, 
) 
WILLIAM ROWLES and LANCE GALLOWAY, 
) 
) 
Defendants. 
) 
ORDER 
Plaintiff filed his Complaint on February 20, 2009; Defendant Lafayette filed a Motion to 
Dismiss on March 18, 2010, because the agreement between the parties contains an arbitration 
provision; and Plaintiff opposed the dismissal on April 7, 2010. By Memorandum Opinion and 
Order dated June 4, 2009, the Court denied the Motion to Dismiss without prejudice and stayed 
proceedings so that the parties could submit this matter to arbitration. 
On April 19, 2010, counsel for Plaintiff moved to withdraw under an inaccurate caption, 
based upon Plaintiffs failure to cooperate in arbitration; and, by Order dated April 27, 2010, the 
Court directed that counsel for Plaintiff resubmit the motion to withdraw in proper form and 
directed the parties advise the Cowl why the arbitration had not been accomplished. Both 
Defendant Lafayette and Plaintiff submitted responses representing to the Court that the arbitration 
had not gone forward due to the complete failure of Plaintiff to prosecute the arbitration. On May 
11, 2010, counsel for Plaintiff renewed the motion to withdraw under a proper caption. By Order 
dated May 10, 2010, the Court directed the parties to advise the Court of the status of arbitration by 
July 15, 2010. 
EFTA00728635
--- PAGE 3 ---
Gifford v. LSJ, LLC, et al. 
Case No. ST-09-CV-91 
Order, September 16, 2010 
Page 2 of 2 
By Informative Motion dated September 8, 2010, counsel again advised the Court that 
arbitration had not occurred due to the failure of Plaintiff to further prosecute this action. Simply 
put, Plaintiff cannot continue to impede the progress of this case through his inaction in the face of 
clear Orders of this Court requiring his participation in arbitration. The Court being advised in the 
premises; it is hereby 
ORDERED that the STAY previously entered herein is LIFTED; and it is 
ORDERED that the Court's previous Order dated June 4, 2009, denying Defendant's 
Motion to Dismiss without prejudice is VACATED; and it is 
ORDERED that Plaintiff's Complaint is DISMISSED WITHOUT PREJUDICE for lack of 
prosecution pursuant to Rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure; and it is 
ORDERED that the parties shall each bear their own attorney's fees and costs, and it is 
ORDERED that a copy of this Order shall be directed to counsel for the parties, and counsel 
for Plaintiff shall cause a copy thereof to be served on Plaintiff by certified mail, return receipt, and 
file proof of service thereof with the Court. 
Dated: September 16, 2010. 
ATTEST: Venetia H. Velazquez, Esq. 
Clerk of the Court 
/ 
bYt'at 
Rosalie Griffith 
Court Clerk Supervisor  9 
, 
HON.-RICFIAEL L 
SION: 
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR CO VItte 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
..t.t 
. 
CERTIFIED A TRUE COP: 7 
Date: 
By: 
EFTA00728636

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728637.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728637.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 408 Entered on FLSD Docket 11/16/2009 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
/ 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
/ 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on Defendant Epstein's Emergency Motion for 
Order of the Preservation of Evidence (D.E. #405). 
The Court has reviewed the above-referenced Motion, which has been styled an 
"Emergency" by counsel for Epstein, and agrees that based upon the substance of the 
pleading and the nature of the relief sought, the Motion has been properly filed on an 
emergency basis. By the Motion, Epstein moves for an order requiring the preservation 
of all evidence relevant to the investment scheme referenced in the Motion and further 
prohibiting the individuals at the RRA Law Firm from tampering, destroying or altering any 
such evidence. Of the three attorneys contacted with respect to their position on the 
motion and as to whether they agree to the relief sought or intend to file a response in 
opposition, only one attorney, Mr. Bradley Edwards, could definitively state that he had no 
EFTA00728637
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 408 Entered on FLSD Docket 11/16/2009 Page 2 of 2 
opposition to the relief sought in the Motion. The other two attorneys involved, Mr. Paul 
Singerman and Mr. Kendall Coffee, have requested until Monday, November 16, 2009, in 
which to state either their non-objection to the relief sought, or to file a response in 
opposition to the Motion. Mr. Kendall Coffee has stated that he will agree to whatever 
position ultimately taken by Mr. Singerman on the issue. 
Accordingly, and in an effort to maintain the status quo until such time as the Court 
rules on the Motion, it is hereby, 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that said Motion for the Preservation of Evidence 
(D.E. # 405) is GRANTED ON A TEMPORARY BASIS until Tuesday, November 17, 2009, 
at which point the Court shall issue a final order on the Motion. 
DONE AND ORDERED this November 13, 2009, in Chambers, at West Palm 
Beach, Florida. 
LINNEA R. JO 
ON 
UNITED STA 
S MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
CC: 
The Honorable Kenneth A. Marra 
All Counsel of Record 
EFTA00728638

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728639.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 241 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 1 of 5 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
EFTA00728639
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 241 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 2 of 5 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80994-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
C.M.A., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80811-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08- 80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
EFTA00728640
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 241 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 3 of 5 
Defendants. 
DOE II, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80469-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80591-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102 
CASE NO.: 09-
80656-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on Plaintiff's Agreed Motion for Extension 
of Time in Which to File a Reply to Epstein's Response in Opposition to Plaintiffs Motion 
EFTA00728641
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 241 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 4 of 5 
for Protective Order Re: Treatment Records and Agreed Motion for Extension of Time to 
File a Response to Epstein's Motion to Strike C.M.A.'s Conditional Notice of Intent to Rely 
Exclusively on Statutory Damages (D.E. #234 in 08-80119). For the following reasons said 
Motion is granted in part and deferred in part as follows. 
By this Motion Plaintiff seeks two distinct forms of relief each of which, due to the 
nature of the relief sought, require a ruling by two different judges, the District Judge 
(regarding response to Epstein's Motion to Strike C.M.A.'s Conditional Notice of Intent to 
Rely) and the Magistrate Judge (regarding reply in support of Plaintiff's Motion for 
Protective Order). The consolidation of several motions into one pleading is an accepted 
practice in this district. However, where the relief sought In the motions requires rulings by 
two different judges assigned to the case, in this instance a district judge and a magistrate 
judge, the practice is frowned upon as it results in a waste of judicial resources and creates 
general confusion in the court file. Accordingly, all parties are hereby put on notice that in 
the future the Court will strike any motion which groups together motions that require 
disposition by more than one judge. Having reviewed the pleadings filed incident to this 
Motion, and being otherwise duly advised in the premises, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Plaintiff's Agreed Motion for Extension of Time 
in Which to File a Reply to Epstein's Response in Opposition to Plaintiffs Motion for 
Protective Order Re: Treatment Records and Agreed Motion for Extension of Time to File 
a Response to Epstein's Motion to Strike C.M.A.'s Conditional Notice of Intent to Rely 
Exclusively on Statutory Damages (D.E. #234) is GRANTED IN PART AND DEFERRED 
IN PART AS FOLLOWS: Plaintiffs Motion, to the extent it seeks an extension of time until 
EFTA00728642
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 241 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 5 of 5 
August 7, 2009, to file a reply in support of Plaintiff's Motion for Protective Order is 
GRANTED. Plaintiff's Motion, to the extent it seeks an extension of time until August 7, 
2009, to file a response to Epstein's Motion to Strike C.M.A.'s Conditional Notice of Intent 
to Rely is DEFERRED TO THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT, as the undersigned 
is without authority to rule on same. 
DONE AND ORDERED this August 4, 2009, in Chambers, at West Palm Beach, 
Florida. 
LINNEA R. JO 
ON 
UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
CC: 
The Honorable Kenneth A. Marra 
All Counsel of Record 
EFTA00728643

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728644.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728644.pdf
----------------------------------------
#291874/mep 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA0408003000CMEAG 
ORDER ON EPSTEIN'S MOTION FOR JUDGMENT ON TIFF. PLEADINGS OR 
ALTERNATIVE MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT ON EDWARDS' 
COUNTERCLAIM FOR ABUSE OF PROCESS 
THIS CAUSE having come to be considered upon 
EPSTEIN'S MOTION FOR 
JUDGMENT ON THE PLEADINGS OR ALTERNATIVE MOTION FOR SUMMARY 
JUDGMENT ON EDWARDS' COUNTERCLAIM FOR ABUSE OF PROCESS, and the Court 
having reviewed the file and being fully advised in'
 the premises, it is hereby, 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED:  71e. 
rricycis eie sated. 
.507..1r; 
S (114 Su 2.1 75-0 FA. 3ra c 
DONE AND ORDERED at West Palm Beach, Palm 
ty, Flori 
day of 
2010. 
DAVID F. CROW 
CIRCUIT JUDGE 
Copies have been furnished to all counsel on the attached counsel list. 
"4* ilg-1).; /14tetme 
J2  A..ellsky• Lo. 
4.36 
4.)0 
5(App 17c) 
s-p. 
Ilsdp 
ee- 91.0/. 
;.e 
EFTA00728644
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein, at al 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, M. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561)459-8300 
Fax: (561)-835-8691 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esquire 
Burman, Critton, Luther & Coleman LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561)-842-2820 
Fax: (561)-844-6929 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-524-2820 
Fax: (954)-524-2822 
Marc S. Nurik 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-745-5849 
Fax: (954)-745-3556 
Jack Scarola Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Phone: 561-686-6300 
Fax: 561-383-9451 
EFTA00728645

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728646.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728646.pdf
----------------------------------------
#291874/mep 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
individually, 
Defendant(s). 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA0408003000CMEAG 
ORDER ON EPSTEIN'S MOTION FOR JUDGMENT ON TIFF. PLEADINGS OR 
ALTERNATIVE MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT ON EDWARDS' 
COUNTERCLAIM FOR ABUSE OF PROCESS 
THIS CAUSE having come to be considered upon 
EPSTEIN'S MOTION FOR 
JUDGMENT ON THE PLEADINGS OR ALTERNATIVE MOTION FOR SUMMARY 
JUDGMENT ON EDWARDS' COUNTERCLAIM FOR ABUSE OF PROCESS, and the Court 
having reviewed the file and being fully advised in'
 the premises, it is hereby, 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED:  71e. 
rricycis eie sated. 
.507..1r; 
S (114 Su 2.1 75-0 FA. 3ra c 
DONE AND ORDERED at West Palm Beach, Palm 
ty, Flori 
day of 
2010. 
DAVID F. CROW 
CIRCUIT JUDGE 
Copies have been furnished to all counsel on the attached counsel list. 
"4* ilg-1).; /14tetme 
J2  A..ellsky• Lo. 
4.36 
4.)0 
5(App 17c) 
s-p. 
Ilsdp 
ee- 91.0/. 
;.e 
EFTA00728646

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728647.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 238 
Entered on FLSD Docket 0731/2009 
Page 1 of 5 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
EFTA00728647
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 238 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07/31/2009 
Page 2 of 5 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80994-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
C.M.A., 
CASE NO.: 08-80811-CIV-MARRABOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08- 80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
EFTA00728648
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 238 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07)31.2009 
Page 3 of 5 
Defendants. 
DOE II, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80469-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
/ 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80591-CIV-MARRALIOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102 
CASE NO.: 09- 80656-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon Plaintiffs Jane Doe. No 101 and 102's Motion for 
No-Contact Order (DE 113) and Plaintiffs Jane Does' 2-7 Notice of Joinder in Plaintiffs' Motion 
(DE 145). The Court has reviewed the motions, responses, and replies (DE's 113, 127, 136, 145, 
EFTA00728649
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 238 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07/31/2009 
Page 4 of 5 
233), and is otherwise fully advised in the premises. Plaintiffs seek a Court order prohibiting 
Defendant or his agents from communicating with Plaintiffs directly or indirectly. Defendant. 
Defendant opposes the request as "needless, unwarranted and excessive." (DE 127 at 5). 
Nonetheless, Defendant states in his response that "neither Mr. Epstein nor his attorneys, nor 
their agents intend to have any direct or indirect contact with Plaintiffs counsels' clients." (DE 
127 at 4). 
The Court notes that Defendant is already under court order not to have direct or indirect 
contact with any victims. See Transcript of Plea Conference at 20. During the course of 
Defendant's state plea conference of June 30, 2009, Palm Beach Circuit Court Judge Deborah 
Dale Pucillio explicitly instructed Defendant as follows: 
Court: Okay. D is, you shall not have any contact with the victim, are there more 
than one victim? 
Ms. Belohlavek: There's several. 
Court: Several, all of the victims. So this should be plural. I'm making that 
plural. You are not to have any contact direct or indirect, and in this day and age I 
find it necessary to go over exactly what we mean by indirect. By indirect, we 
mean no text messages, no e-mail, no Face Book, no My Space, no telephone 
calls, no voice mails, no messages through carrier pigeon, no messages through 
third parties, no hey would you tell so and so for me, no having a friend, 
acquaintance or stranger approach any of these victims with a message of any sort 
from you, is that clear? 
Defendant: Yes, ma'am. 
Id. at 20-21. 
In light of Defendant's response to Plaintiffs' motion for no contact order, suggesting that 
the state court's order only applies to some victims and that parties are always allowed to contact 
each other directly, the Court finds it necessary to state clearly that Defendant is under this 
EFTA00728650
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 238 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07/31'2009 
Page 5 of 5 
court's order not to have direct or indirect contact with any plaintiffs, regardless of the intended 
scope of the state court's order. Accordingly, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: Plaintiffs Jane Doe. No 101 and 102's 
Motion for No-Contact Order (DE 113) is GRANTED. Defendant is hereby prohibited from 
communicating with all plaintiffs directly or indirectly', either personally or through agents, 
except that Defendant may communicate with plaintiffs only through plaintiffs' attorneys of 
record, for the duration of this Order. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 31' day of July, 2009 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
Copies furnished to: 
all counsel of record 
'See infra, excerpt of Transcript of Plea Conference at 20-21, for examples of indirect 
contact. 
EFTA00728651

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728652.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728652.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 299 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/15/2009 
Page 1 of 5 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on Plaintiffs Motion for Protective Order Re 
Contact of Third-Parties by Private Investigators Retained by Defendant (D.E. #226). For 
the following reasons, said Motion is denied. 
In this case, which has been consolidated for purposes of discovery, Plaintiffs are 
former under-age girls who allege they were sexually assaulted by Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein ("Epstein"), at his Palm Beach mansion home. The scheme is alleged to have 
taken place over the course of several years in or around 2004-2005, when the girls in 
question were approximately 16 years of age. As part of this scheme, Epstein, with the 
help of his assistant Sarah Kellen, allegedly lured economically disadvantaged minor girls 
to his homes in Palm beach, New York and St. Thomas, with the promise of money in 
EFTA00728652
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 299 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/15/2009 
Page 2 of 5 
exchange for a massage. Epstein purportedly transformed the massage into a sexual 
assault. The three-count Complaint alleges sexual assault and battery (Count I), 
intentional infliction of emotional distress (Count II), and, coercion and enticement to 
sexual activity in violation of 18 U.S.C. §2422 (Count III). 
In an effort to mount a defense to the claims asserted against him in this case, 
Epstein has employed private investigators to contact third-parties believed familiar 
with any of the Plaintiffs herein and obtain background information about them that 
may prove helpful to his defense. By the instant Motion, Plaintiffs seek an order that 
would prevent Epstein from continuing in this fashion by ordering that Epstein's 
attorneys and investigators "(I) ...cease making ex parte contacts with non-parties 
identified in plaintiffs' discovery responses... .(ii) ... cease making ex parte contacts 
with nonparties found during the course of discovery or investigation who know the 
plaintiff or live in her community, ...land] (iii)... cease making ex parte contacts with 
nonparties who otherwise know one of the plaintiffs personally but who are unaware 
that she is an alleged victim of childhood sexual abuse by Jeffrey Epstein." Plaintiffs' 
Mtn., pp.5-6. According to Epstein, "Plaintiffs' have several preexisting and 
diagnosed conditions for which they now attempt to pawn off on Epstein in an effort 
to increase their damages,"' and granting Plaintiffs request to disallow investigators 
from contacting these third parties "would violate Epstein's due process rights to 
defend himself, and would further not allow Epstein a full opportunity to confront the 
' Epstein's Resp. (D.E. #262), p.6 
EFTA00728653
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 299 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/15/2009 
Page 3 of 5 
Plaintiffs that have made allegations against him with the necessary material to 
properly cross-examine them at trial."2
A Protective Order issued pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(c) is based on the standard 
of "good cause," which calls for a "sound basis or legitimate need" to limit discovery of the 
subject information. In re Alexander Grant & Co. Litigation, 820 F.2d 352, 356 (11th Cir. 
1987). The burden is on the party seeking the protective order to demonstrate good cause 
for its issuance. See Phillips v. Gen. Motors Corp. 307 F.3d 1206, 1210-11 (9th Cir. 
2002); In re Agent Orange Products Liability Litigation, 821 F.2d 139, 145 (2d Cir. 1987); 
19th Street Baptist Church v. St. Peters Episcopal Church 190 F.R.D. 345, 348 (E.D. Penn. 
2000). The Court finds that Plaintiffs have failed to satisfy their burden of demonstrating 
good cause for a protective order to issue. 
The Court agrees with Epstein in this instance and finds that limiting Epstein's 
investigation of the claims asserted against him in the manner suggested strips from 
Epstein the ability to mount a defense and, as such, would violate Epstein's Sixth 
Amendment Right to confront witnesses, and the due process clause of the Fifth and 
Fourteenth Amendments. As Epstein correctly observes, the rules of discovery 
contemplate the hiring of investigators and, assuming certain parameters are met, 
also protect the information obtained thereby as work-product. See Alachua Gen'l 
Hosp.. Inc. v. Zimmer USA. Inc. 403 So.2d 1087 (Fla. 1s' DCA 1981) In re Faro 
Technologies Securities Litigation 2008 WL 205318 (M.D. Fla. 2008); Fed. R. Civ. 
'Id. at 9. 
EFTA00728654
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 299 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/15/2009 
Page 4 of 5 
P. 26(b)(3)(B). To restrict Epstein in the manner described would result in Epstein 
having to rely only on those "handpicked" witnesses disclosed by Plaintiffs in 
discovery, and would thereby prejudice Epstein in mounting his defense to the 
claims raised against him. 
The Plaintiffs in these consolidated cases are seeking millions of dollars in 
personal injury damages for, among other things, "physical injury, pain and suffering, 
emotional 
distress, psychological 
trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, 
embarrassment, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, [and] invasion of her privacy." 
1To combat these claims Epstein will have to bring forth evidence to disprove and/or 
find information that diminishes Plaintiffs' damage claims. This is his right. The 
Record in this case is clear that the childhood of many of the Plaintiffs was marred 
by instances of abuse and neglect, which in turn may have resulted, in whole or in 
part, in the damages claimed by Plaintiffs. Under these circumstances, where 
Plaintiff is seeking millions of dollars in personal injury damages for physical injury, 
pain and suffering, emotional distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, 
humiliation, and the like, a full investigation by private investigators hired by Epstein 
and/or his attorneys into Plaintiffs' background, including Plaintiffs' past and present 
psychological, familial and social histories is reasonable and shall not be denied.4
Plaintiff, Andriano's First Am. Compl., Counts l - XXX. 
The Court notes that in reaching the within conclusion, review and 
consideration was made of the various declarations filed by Plaintiffs in support of 
EFTA00728655
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 299 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/15/2009 
Page 5 of 5 
In accordance with the above and foregoing, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Plaintiffs Motion for Protective Order Re Contact 
of Third-Parties by Private Investigators Retained by Defendant (D.E. #226) is DENIED. 
S eetterria‘c 
1S7 
DONE AND ORDERED this Au9uat 15, 2009, in Chambers, at West Palm Beach, 
Florida. 
Winn 
LINNEA R. JO 
ON 
UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
CC: 
The Honorable Kenneth A. Marra 
All Counsel of Record 
their claim that Epstein's investigators were acting in ways which were harassing, 
humiliating to Plaintiffs and/or otherwise designed to intimidate and finds said 
allegations without foundation. 
EFTA00728656

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728657.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 126 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
EFTA00728657
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 126 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 2 of 4 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80994-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
C.M.A., 
CASE NO.: 08-8081 I -CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08- 80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
EFTA00728658
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 126 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 3 of 4 
Defendants. 
DOE II, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80469-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80591-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102 
CASE NO.: 09- 80656-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ORDER 
The above-styled cause has been set for a hearing on Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
("Defendant")'s Motion to Stay (DE 65 in 08-80119) on Friday, June 12, 2009 at 10:00 a.m. 
EFTA00728659
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 126 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 4 of 4 
before United States District Judge Kenneth A. Marra, 701 Clematis Street, Courtroom 4, West 
Palm Beach, Florida. 
This hearing shall be limited to the issue of whether Defendant Epstein's defense of the 
civil actions filed against him violates the non-prosecution agreement between Epstein and the 
United States. 
The United States' position in this matter would be very helpful to the Court and, 
accordingly, the Court requests that the United States appear at the hearing. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 29th day of May, 2009 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
Copies furnished to: 
all counsel of record 
Ann Marie Villafana Ann.Marie.C.Villafana@usdoj.gov 
EFTA00728660

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728661.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
E.W., 
CIRCUIT CIVIL DIVISION "AB" 
Plaintiff 
CASE NO. 502008CA2-80583OOOCME 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant, 
ORDER ON NOTICE FOR JURY TRIAL 
THIS CAUSE came before this court on notice that this action is at issue and ready to be set for 
jury trial of 6 days. This court has reviewed the court file and is otherwise fully advised in the premises. 
Based on the foregoing, it is 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that this court sets this case for calendar call Friday. September 
17. 2010. at (9:45) a.tn., in Courtroom 11B, Palm Beach County Courthouse, 205 North Dixie Highway, 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401. At calendar call, this court will set the case for fury trial durinp 
the docket running from Monday. September 27. 2010. through Friday. December 3, 2010. The 
parties shall comply with the attached Uniform Pretrial Procedures. 
If the parties resolve this case before calendar call and/or trial, this court directs the parties 
to immediately notify this court's indicial assistant at 561-355-6550 and submit a proposed agreed 
order with stamped envelopes so that this court may set other trials in its place. 
DONE AND ORDERED at Palm Beach County, Florida, thimittedit10 
DATE
MAY 1 2 2010 
Donald W. Hafele, autifilanALD W RAFE t f. 
Copies furnished to: 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq., Attorney for Plaintiff 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Ste. 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
954-524-2820 
Robert D. Craton, Jr. 
303 Banyan Blvd., Ste. 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
644 Cesery Blvd., Ste. 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
EFTA00728661
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
250 Australian Ave. S., Ste. 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
If you are a person with a disability who needs any accommodation in order to participate in this proceeding, you 
are entitled, at no cost to you, to the provision of certain assistance. Please contact the ADA Coordinator in the 
Administrative Office of the Court, 205 North Dixie Highway, Room 5.2500, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401; 
telephone number 561-355-2431 within two (2) working days of your receipt of this notice; if you are hearing or 
voice impaired, call 1-800-955-8771. 
Si usted es una persona incapacitada que necesita de un servicio especial pare participar en este proceso, usted tiene 
&redo a quo lc prevent' data ayuda sin costo alguno. Por favor pongase en contact* con el Coordinator de la 
°Seine Administrative de la Corte ADA, situada en el 205 North Dixie Highway, Oficina 5.2500, West Palm 
Beach, Florida 33401, telefono 561-355-2431, dentro de los (2) proximos dies habiles despises de recibir esta 
notification; si time incapacidad de oir o hablar llame al 1-800-955-8771. 
Si ou se yon moan ki infim, ki bezwen ninpot akomodasyon pou ka patisipe nan pwose sa-a, ou gen dwa, san'l pa 
koute'w anyin, pou yo ba'w kek sevis. Tanpri kontakte koordinate ADA ya nun Biro Administratif Tribinal nan cite 
Palm Beach la, Id nan 205 North Dixie Highway, Chain 5.2500, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401, nimero telefoon-
nan se 561-355-2431, role de (2) jou de le ou resevwa nods sa-a; si ou bete ou byen soud role 1-800-955-8771. 
Si vous etes infirme, et en besoin de n'importe accommodation pour pouvoir participer a ces procedures, vous 
pouvez gratuitement recevoir, certain services. S'il-vous-plait contactez le coordinator du Bureau Administratif du 
Tribinal de Palm Beach, situee a 205 North Dixie Highway, Chambre 5.2500, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401, 
numero de telephone 561-355-2431 durant deux (2) jours suivant la reception de cette note; si yeas etes mutts ou 
sourds, appelez 1-800-955-8771. 
EFTA00728662
--- PAGE 3 ---
Uniform Pretrial Procedures 
A. 
Exchange of Exhibit and Witness Lists. On the last business day no later than 60 DAYS 
BEFORE CALENDAR CALL the parties shall exchange lists of all trial exhibits, names and addresses of 
all trial witnesses, and names and address of all expert witnesses. 
B. 
Exchange of Rebuttal Witness Lists. On the last business day no later than 30 DAYS 
BEFORE CALENDAR CALL the parties shall exchange lists of names and addresses of all rebuttal 
witnesses. 
C. 
Bxuert Witnesses. In addition to the names and addresses of each expert retained to formulate 
an opinion with regard to this case, both on the initial listing and in the rebuttal listing, the parties shall provide: 
1. 
the subject matter about which the expert is expected to testify; 
2. 
the substance of the facts and opinions to which the expert is expected to testify, 
3. 
a summary of the grounds for each opinion; 
4. 
a copy of any written reports which the expert has issued in this case; and 
5. 
a copy of the expert's curriculum vitae. 
D. 
Counsel Conference Required, On the last business day no later than )5 DAYS BEFORE 
CALENDAR CALL, the parties shall confer to: 
1. 
discuss any remaining possibility of settlement; 
2. 
simplify the issues and stipulate, in writing, to as many facts and issues as possible; 
3. 
prepare a Pretrial Stipulation in accordance with Paragraph E; and 
4. 
list all objections to trial exhibits. 
E. 
Pretrial Stipulation Mast be Filed. It shall be the duty of Plaintiff's counsel to see that the 
Pretrial Stipulation is drawn, executed by counsel, and filed with the Clerk no later than 20 DAYS BEFORE 
CALENDAR CALL. 
UNILATERAL PRETRIAL STATEMENTS ARE DISALLOWED, UNLESS 
APPROVED BY COURT AFTER HEARING AND A SHOWING OF GOOD CAUSE. Counsel for the 
parties are charged with good faith cooperation in this regard. The Pretrial Stipulation shall contain the 
following separately numbered paragraphs: 
1. 
a list of all pending motions including MOTIONS IN LJMINE and FRYE MOTIONS 
requiring action by the Court and the dates those motions are set for hearing; 
2. 
stipulated facts which require no proof at trial which may be read to the trier of fact; 
3. 
a statement of all issues of fact for determination at trial; 
4. 
each party's numbered list of trial exhibits, with specific objections if any, as 
schedules attached to the Stipulation; 
5. 
each party's numbered list of trial witnesses with addresses (including all known 
rebuttal witnesses), with specific objections as schedules attached to the Stipulation; 
6. 
a statement of estimated trial time; 
7. 
names of attorneys to try the case; 
8. 
number of peremptory challenges per party; and 
9. 
each party's proposed jury instructions and verdict form, with citations to supporting 
authority, as schedules attached to the Stipulation. 
Page 3 of 5 
EFTA00728663
--- PAGE 4 ---
F. 
Filing of Pretrial Stipulation. Failure to file the Pretrial Stipulation or a Court-approved 
Unilateral Statement as provided above may result in this Court striking the case from the trial calendar or other 
sanctions. 
G. 
Additional Exhibits, Witnesses or Objections. At trial, the parties shalt be strictly limited 
to exhibits and witnesses disclosed and objections reserved on the schedules attached to the Pretrial Stipulation 
prepared pursuant to Paragraphs D and E, absent agreement specifically stated in the Pretrial Stipulation or 
order of the Court upon good cause shown. Failure to reserve objections may constitute a waiver. A party 
desiring to use an exhibit or witness discovered after counsel have conferred pursuant to Paragraph D shall 
immediately furnish the Court and other counsel with a description of the exhibit or with the witness's name 
and address and the expected subject matter of the witness's testimony, together with the reason for the late 
discovery of the exhibit or witness. Use of the exhibit or witness may be allowed by the Court for good cause 
shown or to prevent manifest injustice. 
H. 
Discovery. All discoverymust be completed no later than 10 DAYS BEFORE CALENDAR 
CALL, absent agreement for later discovery specifically stated in the Pretrial Stipulation or for good cause 
shown. 
I. 
Pretrial Conference. No pretrial conference pursuant to Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.200 is set by the 
Court unless necessary. If a pretrial conference is set upon motion of a party, counsel shall meet and prepare 
a Stipulation pursuant to Paragraph E and file the Stipulation no later than 5 DAYS BEFORE THE 
CONFERENCE. Failure to request a pretrial conference in a timely fashion constitutes a waiver of Rule 
1.200. Motions for Summary Judgment will not be heard at any pretrial conference. 
J. 
Unique Questions of Law. BEFORE CALENDAR CALL, counsel shall submit to the 
Court appropriate memoranda with citations to legal authority in support of any unique legal questions which 
may reasonably be anticipated to arise during the trial. 
K. 
Modification to Uniform Pretrial Procedure. Upon written stipulation of the parties filed 
with the Court, these pretrial procedures may be modified in accordance with the parties' stipulation, except 
to the extent that the stipulation may interfere with this Court's scheduling of this case for trial or hinder the 
orderly progress of trial. 
L. 
?remarking Exhibits. BEFORE TRIAL, each party shall meet with and assist the Clerk in 
marking for identification all exhibits as the Clerk directs. 
M. 
Deposition Designations. No later than 70 DAYS BEFORE CALENDAR CALL, each 
party shall serve any designation of depositions, or portions of depositions, that patty intends to offer as 
testimony in that party's case-in-diet No later than 10 DAYS BEFORE CALENDAR CALL each opposing 
party shall serve counter (or "fairness") designations to portions of depositions designated, together with 
objections to the depositions, or portions thereof, originally designated. No later than calendar call, each party 
shall serve its objections to counter designations served by an opposing party. 
N. 
Mediation. 
All parties are ordered to participate in mediation and mediation must occur 
no later than 30 DAYS BEFORE CALENDAR CALL. Counsel who will try the case and ieinesentatives 
of each party with full authority to enter into a complete compromise and settlement is mandatory. If insurance 
is involved, an adjuster with authority up to the policy limits or the most recent demand, whichever is lower, 
shall attend. Plaintiff shall initiate the selection of a mediator and the scheduling of mediation. The parties 
should agree upon a mediator and a date, time, and place convenient to the parties, their attorneys, and the 
Page 4 of S 
EFTA00728664
--- PAGE 5 ---
mediator. Plaintiff shall file with the Court, and mail copies to all parties and the mediator, a Notice of 
Mediation giving the time, place, and date of the mediation, and the mediator's name. The parties shall pay 
the mediator's regular hourly rate, with Plaintiff(s) paying 50% and Defendant(s) paying 50%, unless this Court 
orders otherwise. The parties must bring to the mediation their respective pro rata share of one hour's 
mediation cost, either by check or money order payable to the mediator, or in cash. If mediation takes less than 
one hour, there will be no pro rata refund. If mediation takes more than one hour, the mediator will bill the 
parties for any additional costs, in half hour increments. If the parties cannot agree on any of the foregoing, 
Plaintiff shall notify the Fifteenth Circuit Alternative Dispute Resolution Office at 561-355-2739, which will 
randomly assign a mediator, who shall set a date, time, and place for the mediation, which shall be binding upon 
the patties and their attorneys. If the parties settle this case before mediation, the parties must notify the 
mediator at least 48 hours before the scheduled mediation. Failure to do so will result in the minimum fee for 
one hour. At the commencement of mediation, the patties shall be prepared to give the mediator an oral 
summary of the issues in the case and have available copies of any documents upon which they intend to rely 
in support of, or in defense of, their claims. The parties shall ask the mediator to provide to this Comt, within 
ten (10) days after mediation, a report indicating who attended mediation and whether the case settled or 
reached an impasse. If the parties do not appear for, participate, or complete mediation, this Court may impose 
sanctions. If a party opposes mediation, that party may proceed under Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.700(b). 
O. 
Noncompliance, Noncompliance with any portion of this order may result in the striking 
of the case, witnesses, or exhibits, or imposition of such other sanctions as are just. 
Page 5 of 5 
EFTA00728665

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728666.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN 
THE 
CIRCUIT 
COURT 
OF 
THE 
FIPTEENTFI JUDICIALMCMINN AND FOR 
PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
L.M., 
Plaintiff:, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant, 
CIRCUIT CIVIL DIVISION "AB" 
CASE NO. 502008CA280513OOOOO 
ORDER ON NOTICE FOR JURY TRIAL 
THIS CAUSE came before this court on notice that this action is at issue and ready to be set for jury 
trial of 6 days. This court has reviewed the court file and is otherwise fully advised in the premises. Based 
on the foregoing, it is 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that this court sets this case for calendar call Friday. September 
17. 2010, at (9:451 a.m. in Courtroom 11B, Palm Beach County Courthouse, 205 North Dixie Highway, 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401. At calendar call, this court will set the case for lury trial during the 
docket running from Monday. September 27, 2010, through Friday, December 3. 2010. The parties 
shall comply with the attached Uniform Pretrial Procedures. 
If the parties resolve this case before calendar call and/or trial, this court directs the nartiek 
to immediately notify this court's judicial assistant at 561-355-6550 and submit a proposed agreed 
order with stamped envelopes so that this court may set other trials in its place. 
DONE AND ORDERED at Palm Beach County, Florida, this 1§4 komioND DATED 
MAY 1 2 2010 
Donald W. Hafele,
CAMP 
HAFELE 
Copies furnished to: 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq., Attorney for Plaintiff - 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Ste. 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
954-524-2820 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
303 Banyan Blvd., Ste. 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
644 Cesery Blvd., Ste. 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Page I of 5 
EFTA00728666
--- PAGE 2 ---
lack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
250 Australian Ave. S., Ste. 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
If you are a person with a disability who needs any accommodation in order to participate in this proceeding, you are 
entitled, at no 'cost to you, to the provision of certain assistance. Please contact the ADA Coordinator in the 
Administrative Office of the Court, 205 North Dixie Highway, Room 5.2500, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401; 
telephone number 561-355-2431 within two (2) working days of your receipt of this notice; if you are hearing or voice 
impaired, call 1-800-955-8771. 
Si usted es una persona incapacitada que necesita de un servicio especial para participar en este proceso, usted tiene 
derecho a que lc proves!' cierta ayuda sin costo alguno. For favor pontmse en contacto con el Coordinator de la Oficina 
Administrativa de la Corte ADA, situada en el 205 North Dixie Highway, Oficina 5.2500, West Palm Beach, Florida 
33401, telefono 561-355-2431, dentro de los (2) proximos dias habiles despues de recibir esta notificacion; si tient 
incapacidad de oir o hablar (fame al 1-800-955.8771. 
Si ou se yon mounldinfim, ki bezwen ninpot akomodasyon pou ka patisipe nan pwose sa-a, ou gen dwa, san'l pa 
koute'w anyin, pou yo ba'w kek sevis. Tanpri kontakte koordinate ADA ya nan Biro Administrant Tribinal nan cite 
Palm Beach la, Si nan 205 NorthDixie Highway, Chain 5.2500, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401, nimero telefonn-nan 
se 561-355-2431, rele de (2) jou de le ou resevwa notis a -a; si ou bebe ou byen soud tele 1-800-955-8771. 
Si vous etes infirme, et en besoin de n'importe accommodation pour pouvoir participer a ces procedures, vous pouvez 
gratuitement recevoir, certain; services. S'il-vous-plait contactez le coordinator du Bureau Administrant du Tribinal 
de Palm Beach, situ* a 205 North Dixie Highway, Chambre 5.2500, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401, ilt1111CM de 
telephone 561-355-2431 durant deux (2) joins suivant la reception de cette note; si vous etes nets ou sourds, appelez 
1-800-955-8771. 
Page 2 of 5 
EFTA00728667
--- PAGE 3 ---
Uniform Pretrial Procedures 
A. 
Exchange of Exhibit and Witness Lists. On the last business day no later than 60 DAYS 
BEFORE CALENDAR CALL the parties shall exchange lists of all trial exhibits, names and addresses of 
all trial witnesses, and names and address of all expert witnesses. 
B. 
Exchange of Rebuttal Witness Lists. On the last business day no later than 30 DAYS 
BEFORE CALENDAR CALL the parties shall exchange lists of names and addresses of all rebuttal 
witnesses. 
C. 
Expert Witnesses. In addition to the names and addresses of each expert retained to formulate 
an opinion with regard to this case, both on the initial listing and in the rebuttal listing, the parties shall provide: 
1. 
the subject matter about which the expert is expected to testify, 
2. 
the substance of the facts and opinions to which the expert is expected to testify; 
3. 
a summary of the grounds for each opinion; 
4. 
a copy of any written reports winch the expert has issued in this case; and 
5. 
a copy of the expert's curriculum vitae. 
D. 
Counsel Conference Required, On the last business day no later than 25 DAYS BEFORE 
CALENDAR CALL the parties shall confer to: 
1. 
discuss any remaining possibility of settlement; 
2. 
simplify the issues and stipulate, in writing, to as many facts and issues as possible; 
3. 
prepare a Pretrial Stipulation in accordance with Paragraph E; and 
4. 
list all objections to trial exhibits. 
B. 
Pretrial Stipulation Must be Filed. It shall be the duty of Plaintiff's counsel to see that the 
Pretrial Stipulation is drawn, executed by counsel, and filed with the Clerk no later than 20 DAYS BEFORE 
CALENDAR CALL. 
UNILATERAL PRETRIAL STATEMENTS ARE DISALLOWED, UNLESS 
APPROVED BY COURT AFTER HEARING AND A SHOWING OF GOOD CAUSE. Crainr.P1 for the 
parties are charged with good faith cooperation in this regard. The Pretrial Stipulation shall contain the 
following separately numbered paragraphs: 
1. 
a list of all pending motions including MOTIONS 1N LIMNS and FRYE MOTIONS 
requiring action by the Court and the dates those motions are set for hearing; 
2. 
stipulated facts which require no proof at trial which may be read to the trier of fact; 
3. 
a statement of all issues of fact for determination at trial; 
4. 
each party's numbered list of trial exhibits, with specific objections if any, as 
schedules attached to the Stipulation; 
5. 
each party's numbered list of trial witnesses with addresses (including all known 
rebuttal witnesses), with specific objections as schedules attached to the Stipulation; 
6. 
a statement of estimated trial time; 
7. 
names of attorneys to try the case; 
8. 
number of peremptory challenges per party; and 
9. 
each party's proposed jury instructions and verdict fonn, with citations to supporting 
authority, as schedules attached to the Stipulation. 
Page 3 of 5 
EFTA00728668
--- PAGE 4 ---
F. 
Ftline of Pretrial Stipulation. Failure to file the Pretrial Stipulation or a Court-approved 
Unilateral Statement as provided above may result in this Court striking the case from the trial calendar or other 
sanctions. 
O. 
Additional Exhibits, Witnesses or Objections. At trial, the parties shall be strictly limited 
to exhibits and witnesses disclosed and objections reserved on the schedules attached to the Pretrial Stipulation 
prepared pursuant to Paragraphs D and E, absent agreement specifically stated in the Pretrial Stipulation or 
order of the Court upon good cause shown. Failure to reserve objections may constitute a waiver. A party 
desiring to use an exhibit or witness discovered after counsel have conferred pursuant to Paragraph D shall 
immediately knish the Court and other counsel with a description of the exhibit or with the witness's name 
and address and the expected subject matter of the witness's testimony, together with the reason for the late 
discovery of the exhibit or witness. Use of the exhibit or witness may be allowed by the Court for good cause 
shown or to prevent manifest injustice. 
H. 
Discovery. All discovery must be completed no liter than 10 DAYS BEFORE CALENDAR 
CALL, absent agreement for later discovery specifically stated in the Pretrial Stipulation or for good cause 
shown. 
I. 
Pretrial Conference. No pretrial conference pursuant to Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.200 is set by the 
Court unless necessary. If a pretrial conference is set upon motion of a party, counsel shall meet and prepare 
a Stipulation pursuant to Paragraph E and file the Stipulation no later than 5 DAYS BEFORE THE 
CONFERENCE. Failure to request a pretrial conference in a timely fashion constitutes a waiver of Rule 
1.200. Motions for Summary Judgment will not be heard at any pretrial conference. 
J. 
Unique Questions of Law. BEFORE CALENDAR CALL, counsel shall submit to the 
Court appropriate memoranda with citations to legal authority in support of any unique legal questions which 
may reasonably be anticipated to arise during the trial. 
IC 
Modification to Uniform Pretrial Procedure. Upon written stipulation of the parties filed 
with the Court, these pretrial procedures may be modified in accordance with the parties' stipulation, except 
to the extent that the stipulation may interfere with this Court's scheduling of this case for trial or hinder the 
orderly progress of trial. 
L. 
Prernarldna Exhibits. BEFORE TRIAL each party shall meet with and assist the Clerk in 
marking for identification all exhibits as the Clerk directs. 
M. 
Deposition Desianations, No later than 20 DAYS BEFORE CALENDAR CALL, each 
party shall serve any designation of depositions, or portions of depositions, that party intends to offer as 
testimony in that patty's case-in-chief. No later than 10 DAYS BEFORE CALENDAR CALL, each opposing 
party shall serve counter (or "fairness") designations to portions of depositions designated, together with 
objections to the depositions, or portions thereof, originally designated. No later than calendar call, each party 
shall serve its objections to counter designations served by an opposing party. 
N. 
Mediation. 
All parties are ordered to participate in mediation and mediation must occur 
no later than 30 DAYS BEFORE CALENDAR CALL. Counsel who will try the case and representatives 
of each party with fill I authority to enter into a complete compromise and settlement is mandatory. If insurance 
is involved, an adjuster with authority up to the policy limits or the most recent demand, whichever is lower, 
shall attend. Plaintiff shall initiate the selection of a mediator and the scheduling of mediation. The parties 
should agree upon a mediator and a date, time, and place convenient to the parties, their attorneys, and the 
Page 4 of 5 
EFTA00728669
--- PAGE 5 ---
mediator. Plaintiff shall file with the Court, and mail copies to all parties and the mediator, a Notice of 
Mediation giving the time, place, and date of the mediation, and the mediator's name. The parties shall pay 
the mediator's regular hourly rate, with Plaintiff(s) paying 50% and Defendant(s) paying 50%, unless this Court 
orders otherwise. The parties must bring to the mediation their respective pro rata share of one hour's 
mediation cost, either by check or money order payable to the mediator, or in cash. If mediation takes less than 
one hour, there will be no pro rata refund. If mediation takes more than one hour, the mediator will bill the 
parties for any additional costs, in half hour increments. If the parties cannot agree on any of the foregoing, 
Plaintiff shall notify the Fifteenth Circuit Alternative Dispute Resolution Office at 561-355-2739, which will 
randomly assign a mediator, who shall set a date, time, and place for the mediation, which shall be binding upon 
the parties and their attorneys. If the parties settle this case before mediation, the parties must notify the 
mediator at least 48 hours before the scheduled mediation. Failure to do so will result in the minimum fee for 
one hour. At the commencement of mediation, the parties shall be prepared to give the mediator an oral 
summary of the issues in the case and have available copies of any documents upon which they intend to rely 
in support of, or in defense of, their claims. The parties shall ask the mediator to provide to this Court, within 
ten (10) days after mediation, a report indicating who attended mediation and whether the case settled or 
reached an impasse. If the parties do not appear for, participate, or complete mediation, this Court may impose 
sanctions. If a party opposes mediation, that party may proceed under Florida Rule ofCivil Procedure 1.700(b). 
O. 
Noncompliance. Noncompliance with any portion of this order may result in the striking 
of the case, witnesses, or exhibits, or imposition of such other sanctions as are just. 
Page 5 of 5 
EFTA00728670

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728671.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728671.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 6 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/25/2010 Page 1 of 1 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 10-CV-21586-GOLD/McALILEY 
PODHURST ORSECK, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ORDER SETTING STATUS CONFERENCE ON fDE 4] 
THIS CAUSE comes before the Court on Defendant's Motion to Deposit Funds [DE 
5]. Having reviewed the Motion, I conclude that a status conference is warranted. 
Accordingly, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that 
1. 
A status conference on the motion is hereby set before the Honorable Alan 
S. Gold, at the United States District Court, Courtroom 11-1, Eleventh Floor, 
400 North Miami Avenue, Miami, Florida, on Monday June 7, 2010 at 4:30 
p.m. Please be prompt. 
2. 
Given Defendant's Local Rule 7.1 Statement, [DE 5, pp. 3-4], please contact 
the Undersigned's Chambers immediately at (305) 523-5580 if the instant 
motion is unopposed and/or can be resolved without court Intervention. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers, at Miami, Florida, this 2481 day of May, 
2010. 
HONORABLE ALAN S. GOLD 
U.S. DISTRICT JUDGE 
cc: U.S. Magistrate Judge Chris M. McAliley 
All counsel of record 
EFTA00728671

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728672.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 369 
Entered on FLSD Docket 10/23/2009 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA-JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80581, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092. 
ORDER 
This matter came before the Court on Defendant's, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, Emergency 
Response in Opposition to Plaintiffs, Jane Doe 2-8', Second Motion for Protection Order, with 
- 17 CkAA 
OOC- 2 -el scycwa 
ft--O-- rfneelike 
Incorporated Memorandum of Law., Having considered Defendant's firWicif it is HEREBY ,DOeS— ` 
A4 fl 
nicrifc PIO tAn 
CD' e'&41) 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED that: 
a. 
The deposition shall go forward on October 27, 2009. 
b. 
Epstein will not be in attendance at the deposition. 
c. 
Epstein will view the deposition from a video-feed in a separate room on the 14th
floor of the building located at 250 Australian Ave., South, Suite 115, West Palm Beach, Florida. 
Plaintiff will be responsible for the associated costs of the video-feed (as another Plaintiff agreed 
to do without incident) 
d. 
Epstein will arrive at the building 1 hour before the deposition is set to begin at 11:00 
a.m. on the above date. 
EFTA00728672
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 369 
Entered on FLSD Docket 10/23/2009 Page 2 of 2 
Jane Doe No. 4 v. Epstein 
Page 2 
e. 
Jane Doe 4's attorney will contact Epstein attorney by cellular telephone upon their 
arrival and, at that time, Epstein will be in the room where the video-feed monitor is located. 
f. 
Once the deposition is over, Epstein will remain located in the room where the video-
feed monitor is located until such time as Jane Doe 4 and her attorney have exited the building, 
which her attorney will confirm by cellular telephone with the undersigned. 
:3, 
p O1.k tfrkl-R- 
•?Ad MO r,i3 {Tr Pro teef rr.p 
E .e 
-310,1) 
). 
DONE and ORDERED this (2 .3 day of  ( 72C-{"Okir.)---' , 2009. 
- / 
ed States Magistra 
udge
L- 
R . 77, r,,,,s,D,A3 
Courtesy Copies: Counsel of Record 
EFTA00728673

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728674.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08:11:2009 
Page 1 of 9 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
NO. 09-80469-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE II, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendants. 
ORDER AND OPINION 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Dismiss 
Plaintiff's Complaint (DE 13), filed May 6, 2009. The motion is now fully briefed and ripe for 
review. The Court has carefully reviewed the motion, amended response, and reply, and is 
otherwise fully advised in the premises. 
Background 
On March 24, 2009, Plaintiff filed her Complaint against Defendants Jeffrey Epstein and 
, alleging a violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2255. (DE I). The facts, as alleged in the 
Complaint, are as follows: 
During the events giving rise to this claim, Plaintiff was a minor but has now reached 
majority. Compl. ¶ 4. Defendant Epstein has a history of enticing young women, who are 
minors, and soliciting them to engage in prostitution for his own sexual gratification. Compl.
8. Epstein conspired with two persons he employed for this purpose, 
and 
Defendant 
MI, and others, to solicit young women of the type Epstein preferred, 
EFTA00728674
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/11/2009 
Page 2 of 9 
blonde, attractive in appearance, and younger than 18 years of age, to provide sexual gratification 
for him by engaging in acts of prostitution. Compl. ¶ 9. Defendants Epstein and 
entered 
into a criminal conspiracy to solicit young women for acts of prostitution, including Plaintiff, in 
Palm Beach County. Comp1.1 10. 
From about June, 2003 until about February 2005, Defendants persuaded, induced, or 
enticed Plaintiff to come to Epstein's home and provide Epstein with "massages." The 
"massages" escalated into sexual encounters between Epstein and Plaintiff designed to fulfill his 
unnatural sexual desires for young women or even younger girls who were minors. Compl.  11. 
These acts included Epstein's request that he wanted the encounter to be like a "porn video." 
Compl.  11. Epstein would script lines for Plaintiff to say, including calling out his name and 
requesting that he perform a certain sexual act "harder," while he touched Plaintiff's vagina with 
a vibrator or with his fingers; alternatively he would masturbate in the presence of Plaintiff after 
demanding her to disrobe and walk in from of him in provocative sexual poses. Compl. ¶ 11. 
Epstein would pay Plaintiff a fee of $200 on each occasion after he ejaculated while masturbating 
in the presence of Plaintiff. Compl. ¶ 11. Epstein touched Plaintiff's vagina, or penetrated 
Plaintiff's vagina, using his fingers and/or a vibrator on multiple occasions, during the time that 
Plaintiff was a minor, causing personal injury to her. Compl. ¶ 12. 
In violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), Defendants knowingly persuaded, induced, or enticed 
Plaintiff to engage in acts of prostitution, when Plaintiff was under the age of 18. Plaintiff can 
document the following dates when the acts recurred based on payments received: 06/16/03, 
07/02/03, 04/09/04, 06/07/04, 07/30/04, 08/30/04, 10/12/04, 10/30/04, and 11/09/04. Comp!. ¶ 
13. In addition, Plaintiff believes that there were as many as 10 to 20 other occasions during this 
EFTA00728675
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/11/2009 
Page 3 of 9 
time frame that Epstein solicited and procured her to perform prostitution services, all during the 
time that she was a minor. Comp11 13. 
Epstein has made an agreement with the United States Attorney's Office to not contest 
liability for claims brought exclusively pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255, in exchange for avoiding 
federal prosecution under 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), which provides a sentence of 10 years for each 
violation of the law. Compl.  15. 
Defendant argues in his motion that the case should be dismissed because (I) Plaintiff 
previously filed a case in state court based on the same set of facts as in this case; (2) Plaintiff 
can seek damages under 18 U.S.C. § 2255 of a minimum of $50,000 per victim; (3) Plaintiff has 
failed to allege a violation of the requisite predicate act as identified in 18 U.S.C. § 2255; and (4) 
Plaintiff has failed to state a cause of action for conspiracy to violate 18 U.S.C. § 2255. 
Plaintiff responds that the Court should deny the motion because she is entitled to pursue 
separate state and federal claims in their respective courts, the damages issues are not appropriate 
for a motion to dismiss, and the pleadings at issue provide Defendant with sufficient notice of the 
underlying factual bases for the claims. 
Standard of Review 
In deciding a motion to dismiss pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6), a 
court must accept all factual allegations in a complaint as true and take them in the light most 
favorable to the plaintiff. See Erickson v. Pardus, 127 S.Ct. 2197, 2200 (2007). To satisfy the 
pleading requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 8, a complaint must contain a short and 
plain statement showing an entitlement to relief, and the statement must "give the defendant fair 
notice of what the plaintiffs claim is and the grounds upon which it rests." Swierkiewicz v. 
EFTA00728676
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/11/2009 
Page 4 of 9 
Sorema N.A., 534 U.S. 506, 512 (2002) (citing Fed. R. Civ. P. 8)• see also Bell Atlantic Corp. v. 
Twombly, 127 S.Ct. 1955, 1964 (2007); Dura Pharm., Inc. v. Broudo, 544 U.S. 336, 346 (2005). 
This is a liberal pleading requirement, one that does not require a plaintiff to plead with 
particularity every element of a cause of action. Roe v. Aware Woman Ctr. for Choice, Inc., 253 
F.3d 678, 683 (I I th Cir. 2001). Instead, the complaint need only "contain either direct or 
inferential allegations respecting all the material elements necessary to sustain a recovery under 
some viable legal theory." Id. (internal citation and quotation omitted). "A complaint need not 
specify in detail the precise theory giving rise to recovery. All that is required is that the 
defendant be on notice as to the claim being asserted against him and the grounds on which it 
rests." Sams v. United Food and Cornmil Workers Intl Union, 866 F.2d 1380, 1384 (I I th Cir. 
1989). 
"While a complaint attacked by a Rule 12(b)(6) motion to dismiss does not need detailed 
factual allegations, [ ] a plaintiffs obligation to provide the 'grounds' of his 'entitlement to relief 
requires more than labels and conclusions, and a formulaic recitation of the elements of a cause 
of action will not do." Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly, 127 S.Ct. at 1964-65 (citations omitted). 
"Factual allegations must be enough to raise a right to relief above the speculative level on the 
assumption that all of the complaint's allegations are true." Id. at 1965. Plaintiff must plead 
enough facts to state a plausible basis for the claim. Id. 
Discussion 
First, Defendant argues in his motion that this case should be dismissed because Plaintiff 
previously filed a case in state court based on the same set of facts as in this case. Plaintiff filed 
the instant case alleging violations of 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and filed the state case alleging sexual 
EFTA00728677
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/11/2009 
Page 5 of 9 
battery and civil conspiracy. Defendant argues that the state court would have concurrent 
jurisdiction over Plaintiff's 18 U.S.C. § 2255 claim and that exceptional circumstances exist 
requiring dismissal of the federal action in favor of the first filed state action. See American 
Bankers Ins. Co. of Florida v. First State Ins. Co., 891 F.2d 882 (11th Cir. 1990). 
The exceptional circumstances test is set forth in Moses H. Cone Memorial Hosp. v. 
Mercury Constr., 460 U.S. 1 (1983). As the Eleventh Circuit explained in American Bankers 
Ins., 891 F.2d at 884: 
In Colorado River [Water Conserv. Dist. v. United States, 424 U.S. 800 (1976)] 
the Supreme Court announced that a federal court may dismiss an action because 
of parallel state court litigation only under "exceptional" circumstances. 424 U.S. 
at 818. Indeed, "[o]nly the clearest of justifications will warrant dismissal." Id. at 
819. The Court set out four factors to be considered in determining whether 
dismissal on the grounds of exceptional circumstances is appropriate: (1) whether 
one of the courts has assumed jurisdiction over property; (2) the inconvenience of 
the federal forum; (3) the potential for piecemeal litigation; and (4) the order in 
which the forums obtained jurisdiction. Id. at 818. In Moses H. Cone, the Court 
reaffirmed its view that only exceptional circumstances will warrant dismissal of 
federal cases in favor of a concurrent state suit. 460 U.S. at 14. The Moses H. 
Cone decision also repeated the four Colorado River factors and added two more: 
(5) whether state or federal law will be applied; and (6) the adequacy of the state 
court to protect the parties' rights. Moses H. Cone, 460 U.S. at 23, 26; Noonan 
South [Inc. v. County of Volusia, 841 F.2d 380, 381 (11th Cir. 1988)]. The test 
for determining when exceptional circumstances exist, therefore, involves the 
careful balancing of six factors. The weight to be given any one factor may vary 
greatly depending on the case; however, the balance is "heavily weighted" in 
favor of the federal court exercising jurisdiction. Id. at 16. 
Here, the first factor is inapplicable because neither the federal court nor the state court 
has assumed jurisdiction over any property. The second factor, the inconvenience of the federal 
forum, focuses primarily on the "physical proximity of the federal forum to the evidence and 
witnesses." American Bankers Ins., 891 F.2d at 885, gtiq&gi Evanston Insurance Co. v. Jimco, 
Inc. 844 F.2d 1185, 1191 (5th Cir. 1988). This factor does not weigh in favor of dismissal of the 
EFTA00728678
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/11/2009 
Page 6 of 9 
state court proceeding. 
The focus of the third factor is avoiding piecemeal litigation. Plaintiff has brought claims 
under federal law in the federal court action and under state law in the state court action. The 
fact that the state court may have concurrent jurisdiction over an 18 U.S.C. § 2255 claim, and the 
fact that Plaintiff could have chosen to bring her 18 U.S.C. § 2255 claim as part of her state court 
action do not preclude her from filing a claim in federal court. Although many of the same facts 
are involved in both cases, Plaintiff has brought different causes of action in each forum and has 
not brought any federal claims in her state court case. By litigating cases involving many of the 
same facts simultaneously in both federal and state court, Plaintiff risks the potential application 
of resjudicata principles to claims in the forum which is the last to decide the case. See Jana; v. 
United Technologies Corp., 206 F.3d 1147 (11'" Cir. 2000) (plaintiff may not split causes of 
action to bring state claims in one suit and then file a second suit with federal causes of action); 
Aquatherm Industries, Inc. v. Florida Power & Light Co. 84 F.3d 1388 (11' Cir. 1996) (holding 
that a Federal Lanham Act claim was barred in federal court after the plaintiff elected to bring 
only its state law claims in the initial state court litigation where both state and federal claims 
relied upon the same essential facts); Montana v. United States, 440 U.S. 147, 153 (1979) 
(explaining that the purpose of the doctrine is to protect an adverse party "from the expense and 
vexation attending multiple lawsuits [and] conserves judicial resources."). The presence of that 
risk, which Plaintiff has apparently chosen to take, does not preclude Plaintiff from proceeding in 
both fora on the separate claims. 
EFTA00728679
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/11/2009 
Page 7 of 9 
The fourth factor, the order in which jurisdiction was obtained, "should not be measured 
exclusively by which complaint was filed first, but rather in terms of how much progress has 
been made in the two actions." American Bankers Ins., 891 F.2d at 885, quoting Moses H. Cone, 
460 U.S. at 21. Here, the state action was filed first and Defendant Epstein has responded to the 
complaint in both cases. Even assuming that the state court litigation has progressed further than 
the federal litigation, this factor does not weigh heavily in favor of dismissal, considering the 
overall analysis of the other five factors. 
The fifth factor, whether federal or state law will be applied, does not point toward 
dismissal, as the federal case raises only federal causes of action. Finally, the sixth factor, the 
adequacy of the state court to protect the parties' rights, is in equipoise. There is no reason to 
defer to the state court pursuant to this factor. 
"A federal court cannot properly decline to exercise its statutory jurisdiction, however, 
simply because judicial economy might be served by deferring to a state court. Federal courts 
have a 'virtually unflagging obligation' to exercise the jurisdiction given them." American 
Bankers Ins., 891 F.2d at 886., Quoting Colorado River Water Conserv. Dist. v. United States, 
424 U.S. 800, 816 (1976). This is especially true here because this case asserts a federal cause of 
action and the state case does not. Defendant has failed to demonstrate that "exceptional 
circumstances" require dismissal of this case in deference to the pending state court proceeding. 
American Bankers Ins., 891 F.2d at 886. 
Defendant also contends that Plaintiff has failed to sufficiently allege a violation of the 
requisite predicate act as identified in 18 U.S.C. § 2255. The Complaint alleges a violation of 18 
U.S.C. § 2422(b), which is one of the statutes listed in § 2255 as a basis for liability under that 
EFTA00728680
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08 11 '2009 
Page 8 of 9 
statute. See 18 U.S.C. § 2255(a). Section 2422(b) states as follows: 
b) Whoever, using the mail or any facility or means of interstate or foreign 
commerce, or within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United 
States knowingly persuades, induces, entices, or coerces any individual who has 
not attained the age of 18 years, to engage in prostitution or any sexual activity for 
which any person can be charged with a criminal offense, or attempts to do so, 
shall be fined under this title and imprisoned not less than 10 years or for life. 
The Complaint sufficiently alleges that Defendant Epstein knowingly persuaded, induced, or 
enticed Plaintiff to engage in acts of prostitution, when Plaintiff was under the age of 18. Comp. 
14, 11, 12, 13. However, the Complaint does not allege that Defendant used the mail or any 
facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce. Plaintiff asserts in her response that the 
telephone system is clearly a facility of interstate commerce and states that she is prepared to 
allege that Defendants Epstein and 
used an instrumentality of interstate commerce, 
namely 
cellular telephone, to solicit Plaintiff. Plaintiff shall be permitted to amend her 
complaint accordingly. 
Lastly, Epstein asserts that Plaintiff has failed to state a cause of action for conspiracy to 
violate 18 U.S.C. § 2255 for the same reason she failed to state a cause of action under 18 U.S.C. 
§ 2255 against Epstein individually. As explained supra, Plaintiff shall be permitted to amend 
her complaint to allege that Defendant used the mail or any facility or means of interstate or 
foreign commerce to violate § 2255.' 
' Defendant also contends that an alleged victim of a violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2255 is 
only entitled to one award of the statutory minimum amount of damages, regardless of the 
number of incidents or acts that took place which constituted violations of the act. Because 
Plaintiff has only asserted one cause of action in her complaint, it is not necessary to decide this 
question at the present time because the issue is one of damages and not whether a cause of 
action has been stated. The Court will reserve ruling on this question and decide it when it is 
presented in a more appropriate context either in this case or in any of the related cases. 
EFTA00728681
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM 
Document 57 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/11/2009 
Page 9 of 9 
Based on the foregoing, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to 
Dismiss Plaintiff's Complaint (DE 13) is GRANTED IN PART AND DENIED IN PART as 
follows: Plaintiff's claim is dismissed without prejudice to amend to allege that Defendant(s) 
used the mail or any facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce to violate 18 U.S.C. § 
2255. Except as to the question of whether Plaintiff is limited to one award of statutory 
damages, on which the Court reserves ruling, the remainder of Defendant's Motion is denied. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 11ih day of August, 2009. 
Copies furnished to: 
all counsel of record 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
rZ 
EFTA00728682

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728683.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 187 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07/06/2009 
Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
EFTA00728683
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 187 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07,06.2009 
Page 2 of 4 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80994-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
C.M.A., 
CASE NO.: 08-8081 I -CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08- 80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
EFTA00728684
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 187 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07)06.2009 
Page 3 of 4 
Defendants. 
DOE II, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80469-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80591-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102 
CASE NO.: 09- 80656-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ORDER DENYING MOTION TO RESET TRIAL DATES AND PRETRIAL 
DEADLINES FOR CASES 08-80811 AND 08-80893 
THIS CAUSE came before the Court upon Defendant Epstein's Motion to Strike Cases 
from Current Trial Docket and Motion to Continue Case and/or Alternative Motion to Modify 
EFTA00728685
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 187 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07 06;2009 
Page 4 of 4 
Trial and Scheduling Order Deadlines for C.M.A, Jane Doe (80893), and Jane Does 2-7, filed 
May 19, 2009. (DE 104). The Court has reviewed the motion, responses, and replies, and is 
otherwise fully advised in the premises. It is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Epstein's Motion to Continue (DE 104) is 
DENIED as to Plaintiffs C.M.A and Jane Doe (80893). After reviewing the parties' submissions 
and the record, the Court finds that Defendant's motion to continue is premature. These cases 
were filed nearly a year ago and there are still several months before the respective December 
2009 and February 2010 trial dates. If discovery disputes have precluded the ability of counsel to 
prepare for trial, the Court will consider a short extension to the discovery deadlines, but under 
the present circumstances, the trial dates will not be delayed. Counsel should conduct 
themselves accordingly. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 5ih day of July, 2009. 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
Copies furnished to: 
United States District Judge 
all counsel of record 
EFTA00728686

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728687.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 414 Entered on FLSD Docket 11/18/2009 Page 1 of 3 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
/ 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
/ 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on Defendant Epstein's Emergency Motion for 
Order of the Preservation of Evidence (D.E. #405). 
By this Motion, Epstein moves for an order requiring Herbert Stettin, the State Court 
appointed receiver ("Receiver") and Chief Restructuring Officer ("CRO") of the Rothstein, 
Rosenfeldt, Adler, P.A. ("RRA") law firm, to preserve all evidence relevant to the investment 
scheme referenced in the Motion and further prohibit the individuals at the RRA Law Firm 
from tampering, destroying or altering any such evidence.' In his response to the Motion, 
' The Motion also sought to have the order apply and be directed to "Bradley J. 
Edwards, a 'partner' in [RRA and] Stuart Rosenfeldt as partner/shareholder and 
receiver of RRA" (Deis Emer. Mtn., p.1). However, on November 11, 2009, a resolution 
was entered appointing Stettin as the CRO of RRA and delegating to him all operational 
and managerial control over RRA. This Resolution effectively removed Rosenfeldt from 
all managerial roles at RRA, and to the extent Edwards had any managerial roles, 
EFTA00728687
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 414 Entered on FLSD Docket 11/18/2009 Page 2 of 3 
Stettin has represented that he intends to continue to fully comply with his fiduciary duties 
both as receiver and now as CRO of an alleged bankruptcy debtor, and to comply with 11 
U.S.C. §101 et seq. ,which requires a debtor in possession to behave and function with the 
same types of responsibilities as a trustee. Stettin's Resp., pp. 2-3. Accordingly, Stettin 
contends he has no objection to the entry of an order consistent with his fiduciary 
obligations. Id. at 3. This language has been interpreted by counsel for Epstein and by this 
Court as Stettin having no objection to the entry of a preservation order consistent with his 
fiduciary/trustee duties for RRA. 
However, Stettin goes on to state that to the extent Defendant wishes for Stettin to 
produce documents or to sit for deposition on November 19, 2009, he requests a 
continuance of at least forty-five (45) days so that he can attend to the continuing critical 
and pressing needs occasioned by RRA's collapse. While the Court understands the 
difficult position Stettin has been placed in and believes that he has been working 
expeditiously to deal with the onerous job of stabilizing the law firm, unfortunately there are 
deadlines in place in this case with respect to the exchange of expert witness reports, 
deposition discovery deadline, and so forth, that will expire before the requested forty-five 
(45) day extension lapses. Consequently, were the Curt to agree to the extension 
requested, Epstein could be severely prejudiced. 
Accordingly, counsel for Epstein and Stettin are hereby ordered to immediately 
confer and reach agreement on mutually acceptable terms for inclusion in a proposed 
agreed upon preservation of evidence order, which proposed order shall be filed with the 
effectively removed him as well, resulting in Stettin, as CRO, being the only executive at 
RRA. 
EFTA00728688
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 414 Entered on FLSD Docket 11/18/2009 Page 3 of 3 
Court and a copy delivered to the undersigned for her signature within five (5) days from 
the date hereof. In the meantime the temporary order requiring the preservation of 
evidence and the maintenance of the status quo (D.E. #408) is hereby renewed and shall 
continue in effect until such time as the proposed order referred to above has been issued 
by the Court. As for the deposition and document production noticed for November 19, 
2009, same shall be continued, but in view of the fast approaching scheduling deadlines, 
only for ten (10) days instead of the forty-five (45) days requested. In accordance with the 
foregoing, counsel for the parties are ordered to immediately confer and reach agreement 
upon a mutually acceptable date and time for deposition and document production to take 
place no later then (10) days from the date hereof. The Court observes that the District 
Court has before it a motion to continue the scheduling deadlines in this case (D.E. #361), 
and that if such motion is granted, the forty-five (45) day extension requested by Stettin 
shall be automatically granted and counsel for the parties are instructed to once again 
confer and reach agreement upon a date and time for deposition and document production 
to take place within forty-five (45) days from the date hereof. 
DONE AND ORDERED this November 18, 2009, in Chambers, at West Palm 
Beach, Florida. 
o dinar en 
LINNEA R. JOtINSON 
UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
CC: 
The Honorable Kenneth A. Marra 
All Counsel of Record 
EFTA00728689

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728690.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
/ 
ORDER 
This matter came before the Cowl on Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S, Motion 
For Extension of Time in which to Respond to Plaintiff, Jane Does' Motions to Compel 
Responses to Request to Produce, Answers to Request for Admissions, and Answers to 
Interrogatories. Having considered Defendant's motion and Plaintiff's counsel being in 
agreement with the requested extension, it is HEREBY ORDERED and ADJUDGED 
that: 
Defendant's motion is GRANTED. 
Defendant shall Respond to Plaintiff's 
Motions to Compel Responses to Request to Produce, Answers to Request for 
Admissions, and Answers to Interrogatories. 
on or before August 31, 2009. 
EFTA00728690
--- PAGE 2 ---
DONE and ORDERED this 
day of 
, 2009. 
Kenneth A. Main 
United States District Judge 
Courtesy Copies: 
Counsel of Record 
EFTA00728691

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728692.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JE.H.REY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-cv-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
EFTA00728692
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80994-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
C.M.A., 
CASE NO.: 08-80811-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
EFTA00728693
--- PAGE 3 ---
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08-80893.CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
DOE II, 
CASE NO.: 09-80469-CIV-MARRA-JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 09-80591-CIV-MARRA-JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
CASE NO.: 09-80656-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ORDER 
This matter came before the Court on Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S, Motion 
For Extension of Time in which to Respond to Plaintiff, Jane Does's Motions to Compel 
EFTA00728694
--- PAGE 4 ---
Responses to Request to Produce, Answers to Request for Admissions, and Answers to 
Interrogatories. Having considered Defendant's motion and Plaintiff's counsel being in 
agreement with the requested extension, it is HEREBY ORDERED and ADJUDGED 
that: 
Defendant's motion is GRANTED. 
Defendant shall Respond to Plaintiffs 
Motions to Compel Responses to Request to Produce, Answers to Request for 
Admissions, and Answers to Interrogatories. 
on or before August 21, 2009. 
DONE and ORDERED this 
day of 
, 2009. 
Kenneth A. Main 
United States District Judge 
Courtesy Copies: 
Counsel of Record 
EFTA00728695

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728696.pdf
----------------------------------------
pp& 
IN THE COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 502008CA028051)000MB AB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
ORDER ON EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO COMPEL, FOR SANCTIONS, TO STRIKE 
PLEADINGS AND FOR CONTEMPT OF COURT 
THIS CAUSE came before the Court on Epstein's Motion To Compel, For 
Sanctions, To Strike Pleadings And For Contempt Of Court, and the Court having heard 
argument of counsel and being fully advised in these premises, it is hereby 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED that Defendant's Motion is hereele4k 
i%.:1 7; (i7 , 74044 441€44c414, dore.eas
tefitayeat 
fir 
SAststSou- 41, setieder re--ettet 600eanicederi
;014' , 4ea t-e-04 frait- 
1-49
) 
AerZle 
DONE AND ORDERED at Palm Beach County Court ouse, West Palm Beach, 
Florida, this 02- day of/ 
--: 
 , 2009. 
e 
C* 
Judge 
Copies furnished: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ., and MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ., 303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401, BRAD EDWARDS, ESQ., Rothstein, Rosenfeldt Adler, 401 East Las Olas 
Boulevard, Suite 1650, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 and JACK A. GOLDBERGER, ESQ. Atterbury, 
Goldberger & Weiss, PA, 250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 and 
JAY HOWELL, ESQ., Jay Howell & Associates, PA, 644 Cesery Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 
32211 
EFTA00728696
--- PAGE 2 ---
IN THE COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
L.M., 
CASE NO. 502008CA028051XXXXMB AB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
ORDER ON PLAINTIFF'S MOTION TO TERMINATE DEPOSITION, 
OR IN THE ALTERNATIVE. FOR A TWO-HOUR TIME LIMIT 
ON COMPLETION OF THE DEPOSITION 
THIS CAUSE came before the Court on Plaintiff's Motion To Terminate Deposition, Or 
In The Alternative, For A Two-Hour Time Limit On Completion Of The Deposition, and 
the Court having heard argument of counsel and being fully advised in these premises, 
it is hereby 
COW, Dago, 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED that Plaintiff'ss Motion is hereby grentedkieftlech 
1114-. WEElioex-fr 
etb4iTro 
Aka 
ti-occa 
r4 .6&us£ 
NcsiTliceLL,C.Ct.d.5../t 
a 
geO^r-6 
/1.00-44-34-4 zdfiVest. 0
( 
041 
Atedg-zsie
keirse PC 
V-4150 
A 
O DER D at Palm Beach County r ourtifotfisfetrt 
Palm Beach, i retyyse.4 
Florida, this 3  
day of 
, 2009. 
/-* 
Aearfrogerea 
Don 
Circui 
Copies furnished: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ., and MICHAEL J. PI E, ES.., 303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401, BRAD EDWARDS, ESQ., Rothstein, Rosenfeldt Adler, 401 East Las Olas 
Boulevard, Suite 1650, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 and JACK A GOLDBERGER, ESQ. Afterbury, 
Goldberger & Weiss, P.A., 250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 and 
JAY HOWELL, ESQ., Jay Howell & Associates, P.A., 644 Cesery Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 
32211 
udge 
EFTA00728697
--- PAGE 3 ---
IN THE COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
L.M., 
CASE NO. 502008CA028051XXXXMB AB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
ORDER DENYING L.M.'S EMERGENCY MOTION 
AND 
AGREED ORDER ON USE OF VIDEO DEPOSITION OF L.M. AND EPSTEIN 
THIS CAUSE came before the Court on Emergency Motion for Enforcement of 
Order Granting Leave to Proceed Anonymously through Sealing of her Deposition, and 
the Court having been advised by counsel, it is hereby 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED: 
1. Motion to seal is denied. - 
2. However, the parties have agreed that neither L.M. nor Jeffrey Epstein's 
video depositions (i.e. the actual video vs. the written transcript) shall be 
provided to the press or any person who is not their attorneys (or a member 
of their staff), the parties themselves or their experts nor shall the video 
depositions be filed with the clerk or in the court file without a reasonable 
legal purpose, nor shall any party or their legal representative who is in 
attendance at the Plaintiff or Defendant's video depositions (who may obtain.., 
a copy of same) violate this order. 
3. Should either LM or Jeffrey Epstein, or their attorneys, determine that the 
video depositions need to be filed, they shall provide a10-day notice by fax to 
opposing counsel who shall have the opportunity to object by filing a 
protective order. The parties shall wait until the court has ruled on such a 
motion before filing the video deposition, if allowed. The parties may request 
an in-camera viewing, if appropriate. 
4. Sanctions shall be granted for a violation of this order. 
DONE AND ORDERED at Palm Beach County CourgatAMOrlatEli, 
Florida, this 
day of 
, 2009. 
Donald Hafele 
Circuit Court Judge 
NOV 0 2 20O9 
JUDGE DONALD W. HAFL 
EFTA00728698

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728699.pdf
----------------------------------------
ASU Origins 
Summary of costs associated with symposium 
Paid airfare to ADTRAV 
$ 
17.256 
Estimated airfare ( 7 @$1500) 
$ 
10.500 
(not booked through ADTRAV) 
Estimated Change fee to be incurred if rebooked 
$ 
1.950 
Estimated possible additional fare on rebooking 
Room nights loss ( Hotel under Ritz contract) 
$ 
18.284 
Room nights loss at Ritz Club (Krauss) 
$ 
1.760 
Food and beverage loss 
$ 
6.290 
Hotel under contract 
Event coordinator (20% of Ritz K) 
$ 
4.915 
Can be tranfered to March 
Total expense incurred 
60.955 
Possible recovery of rebooking airfare 
Possible recovery of coordinator fee 
$ 
(27.756) 
$ 
(4.915) 
Actual loss if rescheduled 
28.284 
- Note that if rebooked additional airfare due to fares at 
time of booking not included in analysis 
EFTA00728699

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728700.pdf
----------------------------------------
The following tables describe my estimated. projected expenses. 
2009 - 2010 
2010 - 2011 
Masters Course Fee £9,875 
Masters Course Fee £9,875 
Uniform £ (I haven't been told yet) 
Books £500 (£80 - 120 each) 
(Core textbooks) 
Books £500 (£80-120 each) 
(Core textbooks) 
Conferences/Talks £ 250 (each) 
total: £750 
Anatomical model of skeleton and 
body parts including delivery 
charge 
(For learning and 
clinical work for 4 years) £8,150 
Laptop and student software 
package (home edition) £ 1500 
Conferences/Talks £ 250 (one 
only) 
TOTAL £20,275 
TOTAL £11,125 
2011 - 2012 
2012 - 2013 
Masters Course Fee £9,875 
Masters Course Fee £9,875 
Books £500 (Core textbooks) 
Books £500 (Core textbooks) 
Conferences/Talks £250 (each) 
total: £1000 
Conferences/Talks £250 (each) 
total: £1000 
TOTAL £11,375 
TOTAL £11,375 
EFTA00728700

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728701.pdf
----------------------------------------
June 17th, 2010 
Outdoor Furniture for The Island 
Interesting outdoor furniture by Ingrid Donat is available through 
the Carpenter's Workshop Gallery in London. 
; Donat Outdoor Furniture 
Mayfair / 
Albemarle Street 
London W1S 4HE 
t
Opening times / 
Mon - Sat 10am - 6pm 
Good resource for outdoor lighting and furniture. 
Janus et Cie (221 East 59th Street, New York, NY 10022, 
ask for the representative Hillary Burdman she will be able to assist. 
The outdoor coral lights are through Herve Van der Straeten 
http://www.vanderstraeten.fr/index3.htm 
Galerie Van der Straeten 
rue Ferdinand Duval 
75004 Paris 
Tel: 
Contact for Hidden wall exterior lightings as discussed last 
meeting. 
Valerie Sloan from the Dulanski Group 
Tel: 
Cell: 
EFTA00728701
--- PAGE 2 ---
email: 
Showroom: 
IGuzzini 
MasaterBath Rug 
Cogolin has closed and been sold to Tai Ping Carpets (860 Broadway, 
New York, NY 10003-1228, 
.) Within the next few months 
their products will to be available through this showroom. 
EFTA00728702

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728703.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
INVOICE - SUMMARY 
OUTSTANDING 
AS OF MARCH 8, 2010 
US Dollars 
Description 
Amount 
Legal Invoices 
864,423.89 
Miscellaneous Invoices 
503,016.72 
Construction Contracts 
736 118.11 
Total Outstanding Invoices as of 3/8/2010 
9,103,558.72 
EFTA00728703
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
OUTSTANDING INVOICES - LEGAL 
AS OF MARCH 8, 2010 
Vendor Name 
Amount 
Notes 
Critton 
346,082.38 
Jan & Feb 2010 invoices 
Martin Weinberg 
116,703.45 
Jan & Feb 2010 invoices 
Richard Hall 
104,614.36 
Dec 2009 - Feb 2010 invoices 
Storch 
99,361.23 
2009 invoices less 25k retainer 
Susman Godfrey 
Cohen & Gresser 
56,971.65 
Oct 2009 - Jan 2010 invoices 
55,056.25 
Oct 2009 - Feb 2010 invoices - GM 
John K Dema 
28,006.06 
Oct 2009 - Feb 2010 invoices 
Roy Black 
25,125.50 Feb 2010 invoices 
Bruce Reinhart 
16,834.77 
Nov - Feb invoices - JEE & Sarah 
McIntosh 
14,273.24 
Nov - Feb invoices 
Kreusier Walsh 
1,395.00 
Oct 2009 invoice 
TOTALS 
864,423.89 
EFTA00728704
--- PAGE 3 ---
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
MISCELLANEOUS INVOICES 
AS OF MARCH 8, 2010 
Vendor Name 
Amount 
Notes 
0ssa Properties - 301 E 66th 
165,653.79 
Common Charges, RE Taxes & Utilities 
GenAmerica Life Insurance 
108,225.00 
Due Date 3-20-2010 - 75,000,000 proceeds 
Gensler 
81,945.78 
Screening Room, Consultants & Expenses 
Doctor Victor Invoice 
53,434.37 
Medi-Khan USA ???????? 
Peggy Siegal Cannes trip 
37,644.00 
Hotel, Air, Transportation & Food 
JP Molyneux 
31,050.00 
Fancelli Invoice 22,500 Euro Balance 
DPMG 
25,063.78 
Gary Only - February 2010 
TOTALS 
503 016.72 
EFTA00728705
--- PAGE 4 ---
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
CONSTRUCTION BALANCES PER PROJECT 
AS OF MARCH 8, 2010 
Approved 
Paid 
Outstanding 
Proj # 
Name 
Budget 
to date 
Balance 
Notes 
1001 
Office Pavilion 
2,732,459.23 
2,283,574.82 
448,884.41 
1002 
Mechanical Building 
3,759,669.57 
1,895,820.26 
1,863,849.31 
1004 Master Suite Expansion 
1,003,790.00 
316,242.18 
687,547.82 
1005 lice-MS Site I mprovemer 
530,196.00 
175,323.38 
354,872.62 
1006 
Laundry 
221,006.00 
19,432.01 
201,573.99 
1007 
Kitchen 
580,708.00 
- 
580,708.00 
1009 
Main House Remodel 
496,000.00 
- 
496,000.00 
1010 
Mechanical Desal 
3,234,370.00 
75,366.75 
3,159,003.25 
1011 
Main House 
- 
9,972.55 
(9,972.55) 
(A) 
1012 
Island Trails 
- 
46,348.74 
(46,348.74) 
(A) 
Total 
12,558,198.80 
4,822,080.69 
7,736,118.11 
Notes 
(A) 
There is no approved Budget 
EFTA00728706

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728707.pdf
----------------------------------------
LaserSculpt Inc. 
Quarterly Income Statement 
Three months ended September 30, 2009 
(Unaudited) 
Revenues 
Per GAAP 
Dusted 
Network fees 
$ 
69,771 
$ 
69,771 
License fees 
707,167 
(528,667) (A) 
178,500 
776,938 
248,271 
Variable Operating Costs 
Media & advertising 
154,705 
154,705 
Telemarketing 
25,946 
25,946 
Shipping & fulfillment 
19,329 
19,329 
Client management 
Payment processing 
300 
300 
200,281 
200,281 
Gross Margin 
576,657 
47,990 
Sales, General & Administrative Costs 
Marketing 
656,555 
(589,709) (B) 
66,846 
Sales and operations 
64,395 
64,395 
Information technology 
4,963 
4,963 
General and administrative 
152,284 
152,284 
878,198 
288,489 
Net Income (Loss) from Operations 
(301,541) 
(240,499) 
Interest expense 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
Net Income (Loss) Before Taxes 
(326,541) 
(265,499) 
Provision for Corporate Taxes 
Net Income (Loss) 
$ 
(326,541) 
$ 
(265,499) 
(A) Adjustment for deferred revenue related to Master License Fees collected prior to July 1, 2009 
(B) Adjustment for costs related to infomercial production costs incurred prior to July 1, 2009 
but expensed as of first airdate July 29, 2009. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INTERNAL USE ONLY 
EFTA00728707

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728708.pdf
----------------------------------------
Epstein Residence 
New Generator Budget for Construction 
1/20/2009 
Generator Work 
Budget Amount 
Supervision & General Conditions 
S 
3,500 
Worth Builders Proj. Mgmt. Fee 
1,000 
Structural Engineering & Geotechnical Work 
2,200 
Electrical Engineering & Architects Work 
4,000 
Electrical Work, Equipment & Machinery 
68,000 
Garage Floor/Driveway Cutting & Repairs 
3,000 
Generator Foundation & Mounting Slab 
3,200 
Screen Walls (if needed) 
MC 
Removal & Replacement of Landscaping 
NIC 
Contingency for unknowns 
3,000 
Plumbing Work for New Gas Line 
3,500 
Subtotal 
91.400 
Permits 
2,742 
Contractor's Overhead and Profit @10% 
11,297 
General Liability Insurance @1% 
1.054 
Budget Total 
$ 
106,493 
Notes: 
1. Owner is responsible for ARCOM Approval costs, if not a staff approval 
2. Owner is responsible for meter costs, if gas meter needs to be upgraded in size 
Screen walls around the generator on 3 sides may be required by Code 
Local architect to determine this & help with ARCOM approvals 
4. This is a Time and Material Budget--Cost plus 10%+1% 
This not a Guaranteed Maximum Contract Proposal. 
5. Energy Efficient Electric Proposal is attached for your information & review. 
' d 
Lipeag wted sJapting q4Jom 
e9b:L.0 CO SI 4414 
EFTA00728708

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728709.pdf
----------------------------------------
JULI NICOLE 
EFTA00728709
--- PAGE 2 ---
ALISON K. CENTERBAR 
EFTA00728710
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00728711
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00728712
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00728713
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00728714
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00728715
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00728716
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00728717
--- PAGE 10 ---
NICOLE LENDER 
EFTA00728718
--- PAGE 11 ---
SABRINA GILLESPIE 
EFTA00728719
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00728720
--- PAGE 13 ---
SHAUNA H. MORRIS 
EFTA00728721
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00728722
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00728723
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00728724
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00728725
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00728726

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728727.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant.
I 
PLAINTIFF'S AMENDED RESPONSES TO DEFENDANTS 
SECOND REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION 
Plaintiff, M, 
hereby files her Amended Responses to Defendants 
Second Request for Production, pursuant to the Court Order modifying same 
dated October 21, 2009. 
1. 
All documents which relate to your earnings as a prostitute or 
call girl. 
None. 
2. 
The book containing a reference to a Bible verse on the cover 
which you testified contains records of youarnings as a 
prostitute or call girl from 2007-2008. See 
's 9/24/09 
Deposition Transcript at 59-60 
Not in Plaintiffs possession. Plaintiff does not know the whereabouts of 
the book. 
3. 
All books, journals, diaries, logs, calendars or similar 
documents reflecting yotarnings as a prostitute or call girl 
from 2006 to 2009. See 
's 9/24/09 Deposition Transcript at 
61-63. 
None. 
EFTA00728727
--- PAGE 2 ---
4. 
All books, journals, diaries, logs, calendars or similar 
documents reflecting the names of any individuals you 
brought to the home of Mr. Epstein. 
Not in Plaintiffs possession Plaintiff has no knowledge of whereabouts. 
5. 
All documents reflecting the names, telephone number 
addresses, dates and/or income received from any individuals 
who paid you for sex or to engage in sexual activity. 
None. 
6. 
All documents reflecting the names, telephone numbers, 
addresses, dates and/or income received from any individuals 
who paid you for a massage. 
None. 
7. 
All photographs, movies, dvds and videotapes which you 
performed sexual acts or simulated sexual acts. 
None in Plaintiff's possession. Plaintiff has no knowledge of whereabouts 
8. 
The video in which you testified you were engaged in sexual 
acti
s) in 2007, when you were nineteen (19) years old. See 
Deposition transcript at 112-17. 
None in Plaintiffs possession. Plaintiff has no knowledge of whereabouts. 
9. 
All photographs, movies, dvds and videotapes which depict 
you performing at an adult entertainment establishment. 
None 
10. 
All prescription bottles, receipts or documents reflecting 
medication you were prescribed. 
Objection. 
Irrelevant, not reasonably calculated to lead to admissible 
evidence, not limited in time or scope, violation of privacy. Without waiving 
said objection, none in Plaintiffs possession. 
11. 
All documents which relate to your employment in what were 
testified 
were 
"bunny 
ranch" 
shops, 
including 
any 
photographs, movies, dvds and/or videotapes. 
See L. M. 
Deposition transcript at 46. 
EFTA00728728
--- PAGE 3 ---
None. 
12. 
All messages you sent or received on 
relate to Jeffrey Epstein or this lawsuit. 
None. 
which 
13. 
All emails you sent or received which relate to Jeffrey Epstein 
or this lawsuit. 
None. 
14. 
All emails you sent or received which relate to your 
occupation as a prostitute including all emails sent to or 
received from individuals paid you for sex or to engage in 
sexual activity. 
None. 
CERTICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the original of the above and a copy of the 
foregoing has been provided this _`
c7 day of February 2010 via U.S. Mail, 
facsimile (561) 253-0164 and email transmittal to all those on the attached 
service list. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, I. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(954) 524-2820 
(954) 524-2822 fax 
By: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00728729
--- PAGE 4 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, et al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
Jay Howell & Assoc. 
644 Cesery Boulevard 
Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger et al. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00728730

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728731.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728731.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th JUDICIAL 
CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE OF SERVICE OF PLAINTIFF'S UNVERIFIED ANSWERS TO DEFENDANT'S 
FIFTH INTERROGATORIES 
Plaintiff, E., hereby files her Notice of Service of Plaintiffs Unverified Answers 
to Fifth Interrogatories propounded by Defendant on March 12, 2010. 
CERTICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the original of the above and a copy of the foregoing 
has been provided this I 
 day of April 2010 via U.S. Mail and email transmittal to all 
those on the attached service list 
Farmer, Jaffe, WelssIng, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, M. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(954) 524-2820 
(9541524-2822 fax 
) 
By: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00728731
--- PAGE 2 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, et al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
Jay Howell & Assoc. 
644 Cesery Boulevard 
Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger et al. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00728732
--- PAGE 3 ---
PLAINTIFF'S ANSWERS TO FIFTH INTERROGATORIES 
1. Objection, beyond the limit of Interrogatories allowed pursuant to FRCP 1.340. 
2. Objection, beyond the limit of Interrogatories allowed pursuant to FRCP 1.340. 
3. Objection, beyond the limit of Interrogatories allowed pursuant to FRCP 1.340. 
4. Objection, beyond the limit of Interrogatories allowed pursuant to FRCP 1.340. 
5. Objection, beyond the limit of Interrogatories allowed pursuant to FRCP 1.340. 
6. Objection, beyond the limit of Interrogatories allowed pursuant to FRCP 1.340. 
7. Objection, beyond the limit of Interrogatories allowed pursuant to FRCP 1.340. 
8. Objection, beyond the limit of Interrogatories allowed pursuant to FRCP 1.340. 
EFTA00728733

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728734.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 502008CA028058XXXXMB AB 
E.W 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE OF SERVICE OF PLAINTIFF'S VERIFIED ANSWERS TO 
DEFENDANT'S FOURTH INTERROGATORIES 
Plaintiff, E.W., hereby files her Notice of Service of Plaintiffs Answers to 
Fourth Interrogatories propounded by Defendant on February 25, 2010. 
CERTICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the original of the above and a copy of the 
foregoing has been provided this  I 
 day of April 2010 via U.S. Mail and email 
transmittal to all those on the attached service list 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(954) 524-2820 
(954) 524-2822 fax 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00728734
--- PAGE 2 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, et al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
Jay Howell & Assoc. 
644 Cesery Boulevard 
Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger et al. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00728735
--- PAGE 3 ---
PLAINTIFF'S ANSWERS TO FOURTH INTERROGATORIES 
List the names, business addresses, telephone and cell phone numbers, dates of 
employment, immediate supervisor (name and address) and rates of pay 
regarding all employers, including self-employment, for whom you have worked 
since you answered the First Set of Interrogatories propounded by Defendant on 
or about December 10. 2008; this includes listing any and all sources of income 
you have received. 
ANSWER: 
T's Lounge 
West Palm Beach, FL 
2009 
Diamond Dolls 
Coconut Creek, FL 
2009 
Roxy's Bar & Grill 
Coconut Creek, FL 
2009 
ACG 
West Palm Beach, FL 
2010 - present 
Identify' 
each physician or medical provider (including mental health 
professionals. drug or alcohol counselors and therapists) with whom you have 
consulted or who has treated or examined you, and identify each facility 
(including drug or alcohol treatment facilities, whether inpatient or outpatient) 
where you have received any consultation, examination or treatment that is in 
any way related to this case; and state as to each the date of consultation, 
examination or treatment and the injury, condition or other reason for which you 
were examined or treated since you answered the First Set of Interrogatories 
propounded by Defendant on or about December 10, 2008. 
ANSWER: 
Randee Speciale 
Victim's Services 
West Palm Beach, FL 
Dates reflected in records previously produced. 
EFTA00728736
--- PAGE 4 ---
Dr. Amy C. Swan, Psy.D. 
918 N. E. 26th Avenue 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33304 
Dates reflected in records. 
Interrogatories 3-12 
ANSWERS: 
Objection, beyond the limit of Interrogatories allowed pursuant to FRCP 1.340. 
EFTA00728737

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728738.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
PLAINTIFF'S RESPONSE TO REQUEST FOR ADMISSIONS 
Plaintiff, E., hereby files her Response to Jeffrey Epstein's Request for 
Admissions dated March 12, 2010 as follows: 
1. 
Plaintiff is unable to admit or deny. Plaintiff made a reasonable inquiry and the 
information known or obtainable by Plaintiff is insufficient to enable Plaintiff to 
admit or deny. Specifical 
Defendant is requesting an admission by Plaintiff 
that the "history" given by 
. to Dr. Hall was "completely and truly accurate" at 
the CME on February 
010. This is not possible to answer without a copy of 
the "history" provided. 
. does not have that history in her possession and has 
requested it from Defendant. Once this "history" is provided to 
, E. 
will 
then be in a position to admit or deny. 
2. 
See #1 
3. 
Plaintiff is unable to admit or deny. Plaintiff made a reasonable inquiry and the 
information known or obtainable by Plaintiff is insufficient to enable Plaintiff to 
admit or deny. Specifically, Defendant is isauesting an admission by Plaintiff 
that the "background information" given by 
to Dr. Hall was "completely and 
truly accurate" at the CME on February 15, 2010. 
This is not possible to 
alawer without a copy of the "background information" provided at this time. 
does not have that background information in her possession and has 
remit, 
from Defendant. Once this "background information" is provided 
to 
., 
. will then be in a position to admit or deny. 
4. 
See #3 
5. 
Deny. 
EFTA00728738
--- PAGE 2 ---
6. 
Admit, in that the examiner acted professionally under the circumstances. 
7. 
Admit, in part and deny in part in that he attempted to be respectful and fair, 
however, the inquiry into sensitive subject matter is/was unfair. 
8. 
Deny. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
_I HEREBY CERTIFY a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been provided 
this ici lV day of April 2010 via U.S. Mail and email transmittal to all those on the 
attached service list. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(954) 524-2820 
(954)524-2822 fax 
By: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00728739
--- PAGE 3 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, et at 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
Jay Howell & Assoc. 
644 Cesery Boulevard 
Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger et al. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00728740

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728741.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
RESPONSE TO DEFENDANTS 
REQUEST SECOND FOR PRODUCTION 
Plaintiff, 
hereby files her Response to Defendant's Second Request 
for Production, pursuant to the Court Order modifying same dated October 21, 
2009. 
1. 
All documents which relate to your earnings as a prostitute or 
call girl. 
Objection, irrelevant and not reasonably calculated to lead to 
discoverability of admissible evidence. Without waiving said objection, 
none. 
2. 
The book containing a reference to a Bible verse on the cover 
which you testified contains records of yoliarnings as a 
prostitute or call girl from 2007-2008. See 
's 9/24/09 
Deposition Transcript at 59-60 
See Response to Request to Produce Number 1 above, also objections as 
to privacy right. 
3. 
All books, journals, diaries, logs, calendars or similar 
documents reflecting yearnings as a prostitute or call girl 
from 2006 to 2009. See 
's 9/24/09 Deposition Transcript at 
61-63. 
EFTA00728741
--- PAGE 2 ---
See Response to Request to Produce Number 1 above, also objection as 
to privacy right. 
4. 
All books, Journals, diaries, logs, calendars or similar 
documents reflecting the names of any individuals you 
brought to the home of Mr. Epstein. 
None in Plaintiffs possession. 
5. 
All documents reflecting the names, telephone number 
addresses, dates and/or income received from any individuals 
who paid you for sex or to engage in sexual activity. 
Objection, irrelevant and not reasonably calculated to lead to 
admissible evidence, privacy and Plaintiff and third parties. Without 
waiving said objection, none. 
6. 
All documents reflecting the names, telephone numbers, 
addresses, dates and/or income received from any individuals 
who paid you for a massage. 
Objection, irrelevant and not reasonably calculated to lead to 
admissible evidence, privacy and Plaintiff and third parties. Without 
waiving said objection, none. 
7. 
All photographs, movies, dvds and videotapes which you 
performed sexual acts or simulated sexual acts. 
None in Plaintiffs possession. 
8. 
The video in which you testified you were engaged in sexual 
s) in 2007, when you were nineteen (19) years old. See 
. Deposition transcript at 112-17. 
None in Plaintiffs possession. 
9. 
All photographs, movies, dvds and videotapes which depict 
you performing at an adult entertainment establishment. 
See Response to Number 7 above. 
10. 
All prescription bottles, receipts or documents reflecting 
medication you were prescribed. 
EFTA00728742
--- PAGE 3 ---
Objection. Irrelevant, not reasonably calculated to lead to admissible 
evidence, not limited in time or scope, violation of privacy. Without waiving 
said objection, none in Plaintiffs possession. 
11. 
All documents which relate to your employment in what were 
testified 
were 
"bunny 
ranch" 
shops, 
including 
any 
photographs, movies, dvds and/or videotapes. 
See L. M. 
Deposition transcript at 46. 
None in Plaintiffs possession. 
12. 
All messages you sent or received on Myspace.com which 
relate to Jeffrey Epstein or this lawsuit. 
Myspace pages in Plaintiff's possession have been produced. 
13. 
All emails you sent or received which relate to Jeffrey Epstein 
or this lawsuit. 
Objection, the Court already ruled that emails were not discoverable 
based on Plaintiffs privacy rights. Without waiving said objections, none. 
14. 
All emails you sent or received which relate to your 
occupation as a prostitute including all emails sent to or 
received from individuals paid you for sex or to engage in 
sexual activity. 
Objection, the Court already ruled that emails were not discoverable 
based on Plaintiffs privacy rights. Without waiving said objections, none. 
CERTICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the 2piginal of the above and a copy of the 
foregoing has been provided this \22  day of January 2010 via U.S. Mail and 
email transmittal to all those on the attached service list. 
EFTA00728743
--- PAGE 4 ---
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(954) 524-2820 
(954) 524-2822 fax 
By: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
SERVICE LIST 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, et al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jay Howell, Esq. 
Jay Howell & Assoc. 
644 Cesery Boulevard 
Suite 250 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger et al. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00728744

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728745.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
RESPONSE TO DEFENDANTS 
REQUEST SECOND FOR PRODUCTION 
Plaintiff, 
hereby files her Response to Defendant's Second Request 
for Production, pursuant to the Court Order modifying same dated October 21, 
2009. 
1. 
All documents which relate to your earnings as a prostitute or 
call girl. 
Objection, irrelevant and not reasonably calculated to lead to 
discoverability of admissible evidence. Without waiving said objection, 
none. 
2. 
The book containing a reference to a Bible verse on the cover 
which you testified contains records of yoliarnings as a 
prostitute or call girl from 2007-2008. See 
's 9/24/09 
Deposition Transcript at 59-60 
See Response to Request to Produce Number 1 above, also objections as 
to privacy right. 
3. 
All books, journals, diaries, logs, calendars or similar 
documents reflecting yearnings as a prostitute or call girl 
from 2006 to 2009. See 
's 9/24/09 Deposition Transcript at 
61-63. 
EFTA00728745
--- PAGE 2 ---
See Response to Request to Produce Number 1 above, also objection as 
to privacy right. 
4. 
All books, Journals, diaries, logs, calendars or similar 
documents reflecting the names of any individuals you 
brought to the home of Mr. Epstein. 
None in Plaintiffs possession. 
5. 
All documents reflecting the names, telephone number 
addresses, dates and/or income received from any individuals 
who paid you for sex or to engage in sexual activity. 
Objection, irrelevant and not reasonably calculated to lead to 
admissible evidence, privacy and Plaintiff and third parties. Without 
waiving said objection, none. 
6. 
All documents reflecting the names, telephone numbers, 
addresses, dates and/or income received from any individuals 
who paid you for a massage. 
Objection, irrelevant and not reasonably calculated to lead to 
admissible evidence, privacy and Plaintiff and third parties. Without 
waiving said objection, none. 
7. 
All photographs, movies, dvds and videotapes which you 
performed sexual acts or simulated sexual acts. 
None in Plaintiffs possession. 
8. 
The video in which you testified you were engaged in sexual 
s) in 2007, when you were nineteen (19) years old. See 
. Deposition transcript at 112-17. 
None in Plaintiffs possession. 
9. 
All photographs, movies, dvds and videotapes which depict 
you performing at an adult entertainment establishment. 
See Response to Number 7 above. 
10. 
All prescription bottles, receipts or documents reflecting 
medication you were prescribed. 
EFTA00728746
--- PAGE 3 ---
Objection. Irrelevant, not reasonably calculated to lead to admissible 
evidence, not limited in time or scope, violation of privacy. Without waiving 
said objection, none in Plaintiffs possession. 
11. 
All documents which relate to your employment in what were 
testified 
were 
"bunny 
ranch" 
shops, 
including 
any 
photographs, movies, dvds and/or videotapes. 
See L. M. 
Deposition transcript at 46. 
None in Plaintiffs possession. 
12. 
All messages you sent or received on Myspace.com which 
relate to Jeffrey Epstein or this lawsuit. 
Myspace pages in Plaintiff's possession have been produced. 
13. 
All emails you sent or received which relate to Jeffrey Epstein 
or this lawsuit. 
Objection, the Court already ruled that emails were not discoverable 
based on Plaintiffs privacy rights. Without waiving said objections, none. 
14. 
All emails you sent or received which relate to your 
occupation as a prostitute including all emails sent to or 
received from individuals paid you for sex or to engage in 
sexual activity. 
Objection, the Court already ruled that emails were not discoverable 
based on Plaintiffs privacy rights. Without waiving said objections, none. 
CERTICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the pinal of the above and a copy of the 
foregoing has been provided this \27  day of January 2010 via U.S. Mail and 
email transmittal to all those on the attached service list. 
EFTA00728747

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728748.pdf
----------------------------------------
Pacific Dri ling 
Company Presentation 
September 2010 
EFTA00728748
--- PAGE 2 ---
Pacific Drilling 
Disclaimer 
This presentation and all information contained herein or provided herewith (including all information 
otherwise made available, whether oral or in writing, in connection with or related to this presentation) 
(collectively, the "Presentation") is strictly confidential. Accordingly, this Presentation is being supplied 
to you solely for your information and may not be copied, published, distributed, reproduced or further 
distributed to any person or published in whole or in part, for any purpose. This Presentation is being 
provided to you on the basis you keep confidential any information contained herein or otherwise made 
available, whether oral or in writing, in connection with, or related to, this Presentation or Pacific Drilling 
Limited (the "Company") or any company that controls, is controlled by or under common with the 
Company. The distribution of this Presentation in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and any 
failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of laws of any such jurisdiction. This 
document and the information contained in it does not constitute a prospectus or listing particulars and 
does not form any part of an offer or invitation or solicitation of any offer to apply for securities of the 
Company. This Presentation does not constitute or form part of any invitation or inducement under 
Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 to engage in investment activity. No reliance 
may be placed for any purpose whatsoever on the information contained in this Presentation or any 
assumptions made as to its completeness. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is given as 
to the accuracy of the information or opinions contained in this Presentation or in any presentation 
made to you verbally and no liability is accepted by the Company or its directors, members, officers, 
employees, agents or advisers for accuracy or completeness of any such information or opinions. The 
information and opinions contained in this Presentation are provided as at the date hereof, and are 
subject to change without notice. 
EFTA00728749
--- PAGE 3 ---
Pacific Drillig 
Index 
I Executive Summary 
I Pacific Drilling Company Profile 
I Offshore Drilling Market Update 
I Organization and Operational Readiness Update 
I Illustrative Financial Projections 
Appendix 
I Biographies 
EFTA00728750
--- PAGE 4 ---
Pacific Dri ling 
,11,90747, 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
EFTA00728751
--- PAGE 5 ---
Pacific Drittg 
Executive Summary 
II 
Pacific Drilling Limited is a newly established, ultra-deepwater, drillship operator 
■ 
Established in 2006 as an independent division of the Ofer Group; natural extension of Group's offshore and 
shipping activities 
I 
Strong management team with many years experience in Oilfield Services and Offshore Management 
II 
The company has interest in 6 best-in-class drillships built by Samsung Heavy Industries ("SHI") 
■ 
Two ships in joint venture with Transocean (delivered in 2009 on budget, on time); both contracted to Reliance 
Industries and ONGC in India and fully-financed 
■ 
Four wholly-owned drillships under construction, with one to be delivered in late Sept. 2010, and the other three 
in 2011 
I 
Company on target with plan: best-in-class organization is built up; management systems put in place; qualified for all 
major oil companies 
■ 
Market demand for premium assets with the deepest water capabilities remains robust 
I 
Actively participating in market opportunities; multiple contract prospects worldwide 
■ 
years of contracted backlog with Chevron in the Gulf of Mexico 
I 
Shareholder already invested over US$1.3Bn in equity and the company is currently closing a $1.8Bn project financing 
facility with commercial banks and ECA's 
EFTA00728752
--- PAGE 6 ---
PACIFIC DRILLING 
COMPANY PROFILE 
EFTA00728753
--- PAGE 7 ---
Pacific Drilling 
Company Background 
I 
Pacific Drilling Limited is dedicated to being the preferred, pure-play, ultra-deepwater drillship operator 
■ 
A Fleet of 6 new SHI built drillships: 2 in operation in India and 4 under construction in South Korea 
■ 
Turnkey contracts with the most reliable yard in the industry 
■ 
Prime assets with the highest level of specifications and technical abilities 
Two ships in joint venture with Transocean — Transocean Pacific Drilling Inc. 
■ 
On time and on-budget per approved budget and bank commitments; considered "best-in-class" construction 
management performance 
■ 
Both operated by Transocean and contracted to Reliance Industries, one of which assigned to ONGC 
II 
Financed through a 5-year post-construction $1.265B financing, secured by rigs and contracts 
I 
Four ships wholly-owned by Pacific Drilling 
■ 
All four constructed by Samsung Heavy Industries ("SHI") 
■ 
Construction oversight by Pacific Drilling; deliveries staggered from late 2010 to mid 2011 
Natural business extension for one of the world's largest private tonnage and offshore installation owners 
■ 
Technical support and expertise from companies of the Ofer Group 
■ 
Full construction management team in place, with deliveries staggered to allow management of all units by 
same team 
■ 
Executive and operational management team in place — offshore team under development 
EFTA00728754
--- PAGE 8 ---
Pacific Dri ding 
A Fleet of Best-in-class High-specification Assets 
■ Six Samsung Heavy Industries Ultra-Deepwater Drillships 
■ Proven design from a proven yard using well established topsides design from National Oilwell Varco (NOV) 
■ SHI building over twenty units of similar design 
■ Two .I1/ rigs contracted to Reliance with customer specific upgrades 
DDKG1 = 10,000' operating water depth, single activity with offline stand-building 
DDKG2 = 12,000' operating water depth, single activity with offline stand-building and riser hang-off cart 
■ Two rigs based on modified SHI 10000 hull with enhanced moderate to harsh environment operating capability 
■ 10,000' single activity, with offline stand-building and increased accommodations (200 berths) 
• Enhanced thruster capacity and hull-strengthening to expand operating envelope 
• Two rigs based on Saipem 12000 design 
■ 12,000' nominal water depth - upgraded riser handling, tensioners and subsea systems 
■ Designed for full dual activity with twin 1000ST load paths, enhanced mud and solids handling and 200 man 
accommodation 
■ All rigs under turnkey construction contracts 
I Drilling packages are turnkey NOV with full commissioning support 
▪ 
PDL is SHI's largest drillship customer 
B Group is one of the largest fleet customers of SHI 
EFTA00728755
--- PAGE 9 ---
Pacific Dri ling 
Construction Schedule 
Pictures are from the Pacific Bora 
Feb. 20, 2010 
Bora 
Scirocco 
Mistral 
Santa Ana 
9/30/10 
2009 
2010 
2011 
Jan. 2010 
Steel Cutting 
Keel laying 
Delivery/sail away 
Mobilization and Operations 
EFTA00728756
--- PAGE 10 ---
Pacific Dritir? 
Chevron USA / Pacific Santa Ana Charter 
12-05-2010 
Pacific Santa Ana awarded 5-year contract with Chevron 
HOUSTON - Pacific Drilling Limited is pleased to announce the signing of a contract with Chevron USA 
Inc. for the Pacific Santa Ana per the previously released letter of intent. The contract represents a 
revenue stream of approximately $880Million over the five year initial term which commences in late 
2011. 
Pacific Santa Ana, under construction in South Korea, represents the height of current drilling 
technology, with capabilities to operate in up to 12,000ft water depth and drill to over 35,000ft well 
depth. 
Pacific Drilling Limited is a privately owned, ultra-deepwater drilling contractor, which has an interest 
in six Samsung design ultra-deepwater drillships. Four drillships Pacific Bora, Pacific Scirocco, Pacific 
Mistral and Pacific Santa Ana are expected to be delivered between September 2010 and July 2011 
and will be wholly owned and operated by Pacific Drilling. Two vessels are currently operating in India 
and are held and operated by a 50% JV. 
EFTA00728757
--- PAGE 11 ---
Pacific Drilling
Building Partnership with Clients 
▪ 
The high profile contract award with Chevron for "dual gradient drilling" differentiates 
Pacific Drilling from other new entrants 
B 
Rigorous due-diligence by Chevron validates Pacific Drilling's technical, operational, and financial 
strengths 
II Several pending term contract opportunities with Chevron will be enhanced by this award 
B 
Existing contract will be the basis for global International Master Agreement 
II Credibility from this award enhances opportunities with other operators 
■ 
Philosophy of engagement with clients at an early stage of a project 
II Co-location of rig management resources in client office to enhance communication 
II Close engagement with client engineering resources to support construction process 
▪ 
High visibility of Pacific Drilling senior management at all levels of client organization 
■ 
Strength of management team recognized by multiple clients (both IOCs and NOCs) 
▪ 
Qualified for and included in all UDW tender opportunities worldwide 
• 
No dedicated sales organization — contract acquisition and management is the responsibility of line 
management 
EFTA00728758
--- PAGE 12 ---
Pacific Dri ling 
OFFSHORE DRILLING 
MARKET UPDATE 
EFTA00728759
--- PAGE 13 ---
Pacific Drtirl? 
Continuing Activity In the Ultra-Deepwater Market 
▪ 
Market demand for premium assets with the deepest water capabilities remains robust 
[ 
Demand for UDW assets kept pace with growing supply despite some weakness in other offshore 
drilling segments 
• 
Future requirements post the GoM moratorium expected to favour newer, larger and more 
technologically-advanced vessels 
▪ 
Major oil companies continue to upgrade their floating rig fleets and utilize more dynamically 
positioned rigs at the expense of lower tier floating rigs and midwater rigs 
I 
Base demand driven by development of multiple discoveries over last 10 years, especially 
in West Africa, and ongoing exploration in mature basins of the Golden Triangle 
▪ 
Brazil sub-salt play likely to introduce significantly more demand over next 2-3 years 
B 
additional rig requirements claimed by Petrobras 
B 
US$174Bn E&P capex plan offering numerous business opportunities 
I 
Emerging prospects in S.E. Asia, Mediterranean and Black Seas, and deeper more complex 
plays in established areas 
EFTA00728760
--- PAGE 14 ---
Pacific Drilling
Strong Fundamentals Throughout the Cycle 
■ 
Existing fields' depletion rates drive the need for continued new productive capacity 
■ 
Global productive capacity declines estimated at 5-8% represent over 4 million bbls per day per 
year that must be replaced simply to meet flat demand 
▪ 
This equates to the replacing all the current combined oil production capacity of Nigeria and Angola 
■ 
Economic recovery set to stimulate demand for oil and other commodities in the next few years 
• 
Anticipated oil price realizations are expected to support the strong demand environment 
■ 
Oil price currently trading above $75/bbl 
▪ 
Futures prices and industry forecasts point to medium-term levels north of $90/bbl 
■ 
Ultra-deepwater represents almost the only province with both the accessibility and the 
scale of projects to meet the Oil Major's requirements 
■ 
UDW Projects are typically at the lower cost end of the supply curve and so will be attractive 
relative to other projects 
I 
New discoveries require higher capability assets and more time to develop 
EFTA00728761
--- PAGE 15 ---
Pacific Drilling
- Established Areas Show Continuing Strength 
- Developing Plays Support Growth of the Sector 
Mita. 
,••• 
Developing Plays in Established Area,
Gulf of Mexico 
Lower Tertiary ultra-deep well 
bores 
Exploration success 
Brazil (Santos & Espirtu Santos Basins} 
- 
Light oil & gas 
• 
Tupi sub salt play 
Mediterranean 
Deepwater Egypt and Libya 
India 
Continued KG Basin success 
DO 
Supports Deepwater 
Sustainability 
Established 
• 
Gulf of Mexico 
Attractive fiscal terms 
Brazil 
Exploration success 
Increased activity from 
international operators 
West Africa 
Exploration success 
New development programs 
Australia 
Markets opening for LNG 
• 
• 
Established 
4.) 
Developing 
EFTA00728762
--- PAGE 16 ---
Pacific Dri ling 
ORGANIZATION AND 
OPERATIONAL READINESS UPDATE 
EFTA00728763
--- PAGE 17 ---
Pacific 
Team-based culture: 
Management and support organization are in place 
CEO 
C.J. Beckett 
VP IT 
C. Wright 
VP HR 
M. Hobbs 
VP OHSE 
P. Linkin 
COO 
R. MacChesney 
VP PSC 
E. Rincon 
VP Operations 
C. Van Diemen 
Dir. Operations 
Support 
K. Wink 
Rig Manager 
T. Blyth 
Operations 
Recruiting Mngr 
S. Gibson 
Rig Manager 
F. Vleghert 
Chad prepared to illustrate repelling lines. not seniority 
Rig Manager 
F. Jacquemin 
VP Treasurer 
J. Boots 
VP Engineering 
P. Guirlet 
Subsea Manager 
P. Bennett 
VP Controller 
P. Reese 
Project Manager 
C. Stanbridge 
Commissioning 
Manager 
S. Hamilton 
Maintenance 
Manager 
D. Adams 
Commissioning 
Manager 
M. Dalton 
EFTA00728764
--- PAGE 18 ---
Pacific Drilling 
Building Solid and Scalable Management Systems 
Pacific Drilling Management System (MS) developed 
▪ 
Holistic enterprise-wide system — applicable across organization 
■ 
Based on ISO Management Standard Principles and Industry best practices 
■ 
We intend to be compliant with all relevant industry and quality systems and may seek independent 
certification against ISO 9001, ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001 if appropriate 
I 
Strong emphasis on Line Management responsibility for both Quality and HSE with support from a 
dedicated Quality and HSE department 
QHSE Management Team in place including Quality Manager, HSE Manager and Construction Project 
HSE Advisor in place 
HSE Manual developed and under continual improvement 
I 
Well control manual developed 
I 
Vision and Values, Quality Policy, HSE Policy, Code of Conduct and other functional department policies 
in place 
Documentation Management process clearly defined and document development ongoing throughout 
organization with involvement of all personnel 
I 
Human Resources and Supply Chain Standards & Procedures in place 
Proactive, industry leading software lifecycle and change management system developed, supported by 
unique relationship with Athens Group to ensure trouble-free rig start-up 
EFTA00728765
--- PAGE 19 ---
Risk Profile Well Thought Through 
I Turnkey construction of four drillships by highly reputable and 
experienced Korean shipbuilder (Samsung Heavy Industries) 
k Construction on time and on budget 
■ Proven vessel design using proven equipment technology 
W Implemented construction & commissioning Lessons Learned 
from Joint Venture 
I Operational leadership from first 
class 
and 
experienced 
management team 
I Target customers: high credit quality NOC's and Investment-
grade IOC's 
I 
Strong sponsor 
EFTA00728766
--- PAGE 20 ---
Pacific Dri iing 
ILLUSTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS 
EFTA00728767
--- PAGE 21 ---
Project Projections and Economics: Illustrative Example 
■ The Rig is assumed to begin drilling 
on January 1, 2011 
■ Total Rig Cost: $750 MM 
Operating Assumptions: 
IR Day Rate 
:$450,000 
Opex (per day) 
:$150,000 
II Cost Escalation 
:2% 
It Contract Tenor 
: 5 years 
[ Tax (% of Revenue) 
:3% 
Financing Assumptions: 
Interest on Debt 
: 7.0% 
Loan Tenor 
: 5 years 
IK Loan Amount 
: $450 MM 
Balloon Payment 
: $200 MM 
Indicative Cash Flow Projections 
Pro-Delivery 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
Revenues 
147.8 
156.6 
157.6 
158.6 
159.7 
Mob Fees (net of expenses) 
20.0 
Opex 
(54.8) 
(55.8) 
(57.0) 
(58.1) 
(59.3) 
EBITDA 
113.1 
100.8 
100.6 
100.5 
100.4 
Taxes 
(4.4) 
(4.7) 
(4.7) 
(4.8) 
(4.8) 
Net Interest Expenses 
(29.8) 
(26.3) 
(22.8) 
(19.3) 
(19.3) 
Operation Cash Flows 
78.9 
69.8 
73.2 
76.5 
76.4 
Construction Capex 
(750.0) 
Maintenance Capex 
(3.0) 
(3.0) 
(3.0) 
(3.0) 
(3.0) 
Free Cash Flows 
(750.0) 
75.9 
66.8 
70.2 
73.5 
73.4 
Issuance of Equity 
300.0 
Debt Issuance / Repayment 
450.0 
(50.0) 
(50.0) 
(50.0) 
(50.0) 
(50.0) 
Net Change in Cash 
0.0 
25.9 
16.8 
20.2 
23.5 
23.4 
Ending Cash Balance 
25.9 
42.7 
62.9 
86.4 
109.7 
Ending Debt Balance 
450.0 
400.0 
350.0 
300.0 
250.0 
200.0 
Net Debt 
450.0 
374.1 
307.3 
237.1 
163.6 
90.3 
EBITDA/Net Interest Expense 
3.8x 
3.8x 
4.4x 
5.2x 
5.2x 
Debt/EBITDA 
3.5x 
3.5x 
3.0x 
2.5x 
2.Ox 
Net Debt/EBITDA 
3.3x 
3.1x 
2.4x 
1.6x 
0.9x 
Projected Debt Service Coverage Ratio 
1.32x 
1.38x 
1.45x 
1.45x 
NM 
EFTA00728768
--- PAGE 22 ---
Pacific DripLig 
APPENDIX 
EFTA00728769
--- PAGE 23 ---
Pacific Drillirl? 
Pacific Drilling Management Biographies 
Chris Beckett, CEO 
Chris has nearly twenty years experience in the energy industry, including over ten years with Schlumberger in a series of international 
management roles with increasing responsibility, three years at McKinsey & Co. providing strategic and operating advice to global energy 
companies and governments, and most recently four years at Transocean where he led the Strategic Business Development and Planning. Chris 
holds a B.Sc (hops) from University of London in Exploration Geophysics and Masters of Business Administration from Rice University, where he 
graduated as a Jones Scholar. 
Bob MacChesney, COO 
Bob has twenty-nine years experience in the drilling industry, including 20 years with Schlumberger (Sedco Forex) and nine with Transocean. During 
his tenure with these companies he served in a variety of positions between Operations Management and Marketing including Country Manager in 
Malaysia, India, Brazil and UK; Region Manager in Middle East and India and Corporate Director Deep Water Marketing. Bob has a BSc in 
Engineering from Southampton University in the UK. 
Cees Van Diemen, VP Operations 
Cees Van Diemen has joined the company as Vice President of Operations. Cees brings thirty-two years experience in the mobile offshore drilling 
industry, including 25 years with Noble Drilling Corporation and its predecessor Neddrill. His career started offshore in the traditional drill positions 
from Floorman to Offshore Installation Manager, before taking on increasing responsibility in onshore management roles from rig manager in West 
Africa, the Mediterranean and the North Sea, to district manager in the North Sea and Division manager in Europe and lately in Brazil. During his 
career, Cees has had extensive experience in deepwater drilling from the early days of 600ft water depth activity in 1977 to recent operations in 
9200ft water depth. Cees holds a BSc in automotive engineering from the University of Apeldoorn in the Netherlands. 
Paul Guirlet, VP Technical Support 
Paul joined Pacific Drilling after 19 years of experience in various engineering and operations positions with various major drilling 
contractors, including 12 years with Sedco Forex and Transocean. Paul has extensive experience in Engineering, rig upgrade and construction, 
developing and implementing Maintenance Management systems, as well as Rig Operation Management in West Africa and Indonesia. Paul is a 
Graduate Engineer from Ecole Nationale Superieure de Techniques Avancees, Paris. 
EFTA00728770
--- PAGE 24 ---
Pacific Drilling 
rot. 
kz4VAI-tte:kyfr 
7e
' C:  
z 
Pacific Drilling Management Biographies (Cont'd) 
Paul Linkin, VP QHSE 
Paul joined Pacific Drilling after nearly 20 years of experience in various operations and QHSE management roles at Schlumberger. Paul has 
extensive experience developing and implementing management systems in both field and office environments, with a particular focus on 
Quality and HSE management in remote locations. Paul holds a B.Eng degree in Electrical Engineering from University of Portsmouth. 
Paul Reese, VP Controller 
Paul has been a finance professional in the oilfield services and E&P space for over fifteen years. Prior to joining Pacific Drilling he was Controller 
for the Global Exploration and Development division at BHP Billiton Petroleum. Before that Paul served in various financial management roles at 
Transocean including Finance Director for the North and South America Business Unit and Assistant VP for Audit and Advisory Services. Paul 
holds a BA in Economics and Business Managerial Studies and Masters in Accounting from Rice University. 
John Boots, VP Treasurer 
John brings over 20 years of US and European experience in the energy industry, including fourteen years at Noble Drilling and its predecessor 
Neddrill and two years as a financial and management consultant for multiple oilfield service companies. Most recently, John was 
Corporate Treasurer & Director of Investor Relations at Global Industries. During his tenure with these companies he served in a variety of 
financial leadership roles, including Treasury, Finance, Controlling, Investor Relations & Internal Audit, based in the US, Netherlands and Italy. 
John holds a BA in Economics from the University of Alkmaar, the Netherlands. 
Michelle Hobbs, VP Human Resources 
Michelle is a Senior Management Human Resources Professional with extensive experience in international HR strategy development and 
execution, acquisitions and integration, organizational planning and design, compensation and budgeting. Most recently she served as VP 
Human Resources for TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company and prior to that held roles with increasing responsibility in various services and 
manufacturing companies in Europe and North America. Michelle holds a BA from University of Houston and advanced certifications in HR from 
University of Michigan and Rice University. 
EFTA00728771
--- PAGE 25 ---
Pacific Drilling Management Biographies (Cont'd) 
Kevin Wink, Director Operations Support 
Kevin brings 35 years of worldwide operational experience from Reading & Bates, and Transocean : from roustabout in the Gulf of Mexico to 
General Manager of Operations in charge of 13 rigs in India. Kevin has an extended and proven track record of managing high specification 
drilling rigs and starting up operations in new countries. He is focused on bringing together teams to provide dedicated and efficient operational 
support to our clients. 
Steve Gibson, OM Special Projects 
Steve has thirty years experience in the industry including 27 years with Sedco Forex and Transocean. Before moving into management he 
worked offshore from floor hand to OIM. In additional to a strong operational background Steve has served in various positions in the personnel 
function and until recently was head of personnel for Songa Drilling. In addition to contributing his operational experience Steve is responsible 
for recruitment of operational shore based management and senior offshore positions. 
Frederik Vleghert, Rig Manager 
Frederik joined Pacific Drilling after 25 years with Neddrill, and Noble where he worked from Roustabout to Assistant Driller on jack-ups and 
from Assistant-Driller to Offshore Installation Manager on DP drillships prior to take over his first rig Manager job in 2004, a position he held for 
the last 5 years. His work locations were mainly North Sea and Brazil. 
Frederic Jacquemin, Rig Manager 
Frederic comes from a engineering background (M.Sc Petroleum Engineering & Project Development — IFP School, Paris) and worked for 
Transocean for 6 years as Operations Engineer, and Rig Manager in West Africa, South East Asia and Australia. 
Tom Blyth, Rig Manager 
Tom worked 20 years with Sedco-Forex, and Transocean, from Roustabout to Offshore Installation Manager on DP semi-submersible units prior 
to being assigned as 50 generation DP drillship rig Manager in 2008. Tom spent most of his time in the North Sea, West Africa and Brazil. 
EFTA00728772

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728773.pdf
----------------------------------------
BALTIMORE 
AIRCOIL COMPANY 
Baltimore Aircoil Company 
560 White Plains Road, Suite 310 Tarrytown, NY 10591 United States 
Contact: Heidi Murphy 
Email: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
QUOTE 
MC Quote ft Q100115952 
Project: 9 EAST 71ST STREET 
Date: 4/23/2010 
Expiration Date: Quote expires 30 days from date issued 
NES, LLC. 
TO 
RICHARD BARNET, 9 EAST 71ST STREET, New York, NY, 10021, USA 
Customer ID: 21538 
Attn: Richard Barnett 
We are pleased to provide you with the following quote for BAC Factory Authorized parts. 
SERIAL X 
MODEL # 
SHIPPING METHOD 
LEAD TIME 
90100813/4 
VXT•30-CM 
Bestway Freight Allowed 
WEEK 
# 
QTY 
PART # 
DESCRIPTION 
UNITS 
TOTAL S 
FtK24O028 
Bearing Kit (PB, Ball, 1.7/16') 
193.29 
773.16 
TOTAL 
$773.16 
BAC will do its best to meet or improve the scheduled ship date. However, circumstances beyond our control may cause this ship date to change. In the 
event that it does change. BAC will not be held liable for any damages that may occur. BAC's standard Terms and Conditions of Sale' apply to this order and 
may be viewed at 
Notes: 
1. Prices are quoted in USD currency. 
2. The Quote number is required to place an order. 
3. The unit Serial and Model numbers are required to help ensure that the proper parts are ordered. 
4. A Purchase Order (made out to Baltimore Aircoil Company) with Ship To Address, Bill To Address, and Signature must be sent to the above location. 
5. Minimum order value is $125 USD ($150 CAD) for standard part orders •• minimum order value for credit card orders is $75 USD ($90 CAD). 
6. Sales Tax will be added to the final invoice •• if the project is tax exempt, a Certificate will be required. 
7. Visa, MasterCard, and American Express are accepted for payment up to $25,000 USD ($30,000 CAD) 
POs are not required for credit card orders. 
8. Pricing includes shipment via Bestway Freight Allowed. 
THANK YOU FOR YOUR BUSINESS! 
EFTA00728773

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728774.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 441' 
V 
r i 
?hem 
p_  
-31-0 
511
451 
o st to, 
to. 14 
r 
(1-
-9 r4
Cr 
a tO
zsrsgsLa4c,___ 
WM. tottlio 
O 
4o
EFTA00728774

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728775.pdf
----------------------------------------
-4- 6' 
4-ce- to" 
47:-Li.
••••••4-
1, 
‘MAS-ree-
5501200tvi 
or 4 42;6 
PLPstatoub 
". • 45121' 
-k341
(1)!4CAzgIc. Oka< 
ral------,  011.-----Itle 
—•-liNe - - -1; 
49=9117" 
*511
I 
CAIJE. oE• 
(-0 im..01.4;tizigt 
1:5194.4 03 
-4-4-e-(0" 
4S1 !o 
51= to" 
-145$11701.KEL_ 
liClitcF-Loosz. PIA%) 
"Knot 
lItc;;- Ito" 
Pee -
se to4 
-td 
-t-
In
st-
. SIELSfto  4 1 
EFTA00728775

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728776.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 1 A 
Gensler 
Project 
Description 
Preparedly 
LITTLE ST JAMES POOL AREA AND SCREENING ROOM 
PARTIAL SITE PLAN 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
SONO mice 
California 90404 
Scale 
/32"= 1 t-0" 
LIVING 
/ 4)57.09 
Project Blether 
Issuelftev 
Date 
07.7112.004 
8/5/10 
8' 16' 
64' 
I 
/ 
2010 Gensler 
PtD$ 7112 0004C5DAeolePland8P 01 ALT SCREEN dbil 
EFTA00728776

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728777.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 1 A 
Gensler 
Project 
Description 
Prepared by 
LITTLE ST JAMES POOL AREA AND SCREENING ROOM 
PARTIAL SITE PLAN 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Catifomia 90104 
Tel: 
Fax: 
fP 2010 Genslee 
MOS ?I I2OODC41)44141APtand8P 
0I ALT SCREEN 09 
sere 
Project Punter 
lasuelftev 
Date 
07.7112.004 
1/32"=1t-0" 
8/5/10 
.179 
• 50 
• 0 ,
467.30
raj 5/.02a • 
057.09 
7. J N._ 
Yr 
Yo 
.YI
. 
.40 
.set 
.Yt
.0YI 
8' 16' 
32' 
Line of room with 30' 
Screen 
i 9 
-
.. 
\
\ 
I 
. 
\ 
\\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ %, 
\
32.5 \ 
\ :: 
\\ 
\\ 
\ 
\
$k N. \\ 
. 
-..... 
. , 
\32\ 
\---. 
\ 
--.. 
323\ 
‘ ‘ 
----
‘ , ‘ 
I '-.., 
4, 
I 
\ 
i 
I 
I 
i 
t 
QI 
‘ 333
vit- 
.1 i 
I 
I 
I 
\ 
l 
I 
I 
) 
l 
I 
( 
i 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/34:6
/ 
/ 
/ f
/ 
/ 
/ 
de 
i 
/1 
..-' 
/ 
/ 
/
345/ / 
/
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
//
/ 
/ / 
//34% 
, /
/ 
/ 
..../ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
3‘.6 /
/ .1,7 
/ 
/ 
Santo Monica 
EFTA00728777

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728778.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 1 
Gensler 
Project 
Description 
Prepared by 
LITTLE ST JAMES POOL AREA AND SCREENING ROOM 
PARTIAL SITE PLAN 
1.3 .0 
Gat 
gvcs 
.90 .2' 
sea* 
, H a 
Pare
(1$ 
1/32"=1c0"
EXISTING 
[ 
MASTER 
BEDRCOu 
rr 
No. ± a 
Acres  
021-r-no7Y V.° aro 
2010 Gensler 
ItI057II200OICADAVIAPtand8P OI they 
• 
Project Manta 
IssueiRev 
Date 
07.7112.004 
8/5/10 
\ • `....... 
"... 
"-- .O411 
1.---...,...... 
-- IL
” 
I 
... • 
• \ ii 
-----____ 
\ 
---
\ -.1/4--___ 
iota° 
35. 
• . 
irs. • 
\ 
-.- \-__ 
- \--____ 
•
♦ 
• 
 \ 
\ 
`""...3z` 
\ ‘ 
\ 
\ 
n. 
• 
-__ 
... 
• 
\ 1 
'‘. 
-- - -_39 5
C\ 
.S. 
I 
▪ -...... 
▪ 
- .- 
---.. 
- -- 
) 
I 
k
i
:Ca 
r  LA 
I 
JEli_ 
J 
_ 
.-- .--- 
31.6 
so 
34.2 
8' 16' 
32' 
64' 
\
32.6 \ \ 
\sk2
Cr% 
32.5 \ 
\\ 
\Nk
\ 
\ ‘ 
\ ., 
\ 
\\:, N. \\ 
. 
. 
, 
\32._"-\\, 
. 
A
...... 
, 
\ 
\ 
) 
\
I 
‘.... • 
32— \ 
I 
\ 
‘ 
% 
i 
i
li 
i 
I 
I
I 
/ 
I 
t 
Q I 
- 
133.1
vit 
IAA i 
I 
I 
I 
i 
\
I 
i 
) 
; 
il‘'Cl
I 
i 
/ 
i 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/54.6
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ / 
/ 1
/ 
/ 
/ 
..--' 
345/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
// 
/ /34 3 
/1 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
>...••• 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
// 
// 
/ 
/ 
3.t.6
/  
/ 
/ 
/ ..../ 
/ 
/ / 
. 
../
„/ 
.../ 
.... 
/ 
./. 
2500 Broadway 
Sone 300 
Sato Atonic" 
Calif 
Tel
Fax: 
EFTA00728778

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728779.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 1 
Gensler 
Project 
Deecripdon 
Preparedly 
LITTLE ST JAMES POOL AREA AND SCREENING ROOM 
PARTIAL SITE PLAN 
Seal* 
/32"= 1 t-0" 
3i.0 S1.2 
• 
j4 
rt. 
V 
EXISTING 
[ 
MASTER 
)43EDROO1p-
- 
rea 
to 
Pa 
Acres 
7)\ 
TOO 
8021— 
\. a.
(D9
.4, ,
te 1
• 
335
.1 :4
MC0% 7
-
Project Natter 
Ieeve0tw 
Date 
07.7112.004 
8/5/10 
a 
-. \_____ 
\ \ 
• ,..... 
\ 
\ \ 
\ 
\\ 
-- -- 
-s9 
I' 1••—. 
---
so
8' 16' 
32' 
64' 
\ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/
/ 
/ 
 /
/ 
/ 
/- 
..- 
/ 
t. 5/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
./// 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
----- 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/%
.// 
..,. 
v 
I 
/ 
2500 Broadway 
Suit 300 
Stab .haiku 
California 90404 
2010 Gensler 
PtuD 7112 OODCADdtakPlandeP PI 0a 
EFTA00728779

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728780.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 1 
Gensler 
Project 
Description 
Prepared by 
LITTLE ST JAMES POOL AREA AND SCREENING ROOM 
PARTIAL SITE PLAN 
.2 4  
• 
1.1 .0 
.9O . 2' 
Gat 
ntvcs 
sea* 
Pare
(1$ 
V 
1/32"=1c0"
EXISTING 
[ 
MASTER 
BEDRCOu 
I 
ea 2010 Gianni 
ItI057II2000ICADAMX/ARWEIP 0I they 
- 9 1 
`i 
Project Punter 
IssuelRev 
Date 
07.7112.004 
8/5/10 
Iona' 
\ -iir--__ 
-., \.___ 
35. 
• 
% 
i r\ • 
\ 
--7-__ 
• 
. 
\ \ 
\ 
""" --_,Z` 
\ 
\ 
\ 
... 
. 
, 
. 
. 
\ 
'‘. 
- - -.-39.5 
1% 
‘ 
I 
-...,. 
I 
1-1-1
:Ca 
r  LA 
I 
JEli_ 
J 
_ 
.-- .---
...‘ 
6 
▪ 
--. -. __ 
- 
-.,
. 
- 
--...Q tg_..
I 
--.. 
-, 
\ 
I ) 
3 
"''--.. 
.\.. 
Th.
s-. 
32.6 , N 
`: 
\
-...., 
.. 
\\ 2 \ 
I 
32.5 \ 
\:: 
...:\ 
\ 
\\\ 
• \ 
\ 
\ \ 
\
\ 
\\ 
\\
$k \\ 
\\ 
\ 
. 
\ 
\ 32.- N  .\\,...... 
\ 
32.1\ 
,... 
\ I 
\ 
\\ I 
\\ I 
‘.... 
% 
‘. 1 
\ 
I 
4, 
‘ 
\ 
‘ 
i 
1. 
1. 
I 
I
I 
/ 
I 
6,-, 
I4
t 
- 
O 
‘ 333 
yit 
\ 
I
i
I
I
I
I
I
I
j
I
S
,
'
I
i
r
/
/
/ 
14.6
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ I
/ 
./ 
345/ / 
// 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/
/ 
/ 
// 
/ 
di /  3 
i 
..// 
/ 
/ 
3>•••••
/ 
// 
/ 
// 
// 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
../ 
so 
8' 16' 
32' 
64. 
2500 Broadway 
Sone 300 
Sato Monk" 
California 90464 
Tel: 
Fax: 
EFTA00728780

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728781.pdf
----------------------------------------
Midnight Express Powerboats, Inc. 
Tel: 
4800 NW 15th Avenue 
Unit C 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33309 
/ Fax: 
Email: 
Payment Schedule for Jeffrey Epstein Midnight Express 39' 
"Payment terms are as provided in Section 1(a) of the Confidential Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release 
of All Claims of even date herewith by and among Jeffrey Epstein, L.S.J., LLC and Midnight Express Power 
Boats, Inc. (the "Settlement Agreement")." 
$47,350.33 when and as provided in Section 1(a)(i) of the Settlement Agreement 
$47,350.33 when and as provided in Section 1(a)(ii) of the Settlement Agreement 
$47,350.34 when and as provided in Section 1(a)(iii) of the Settlement Agreement 
We will give LSJ reasonable advance notice to inform that payment is due 
EFTA00728781

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728782.pdf
----------------------------------------
Midnight Express Powerboats, Inc. 
Tel: 
4800 NW 15th Avenue 
Unit C 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33309 
/ Fax: 
Email: 
Payment Schedule for Jeffrey Epstein Midnight Express 39' 
$39,606.67 When Agreement is signed (Deposit) 
$39,606.67 When Hull comes out of Mold 
$39,606.67 BEFORE Motors are put on Boat 
We will call in advance to inform that money is due. 
EFTA00728782

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728783.pdf
----------------------------------------
PEOPLE LIST 
Cell # (unless otherwise stated) and Personal Email (unless otherwise stated) 
George Mitchell: 
Julia Reed assistant: 
ianice 
Neal assistant: 
Maller Bitar: 
Jimmy Cayne: 
Noah Tepperberg 
Vera Wang: VW office 
Avi 
Faith Kates: 
Suzette assistant 
; Dawn West assistant 
Tommy Mottola: 
Verw (I think this isa repeat of Vera Wang with a typo) 
Bark 
Jennie Saunders: 
Olya: 
John Brockman: 
Barbro Ehnbom: 
Jess Banks: 
Dr. Richard Axel: 
Columbia 
Guiseppi Cipriani: 
Barry Jospehson: 
Ramsey Elkholy: 
Regina 
EFTA00728783
--- PAGE 2 ---
Leon Black: 
Henry Rosovsky: 
Lawrence Krauss: 
Andrew Farkas: 
Joe Pagano: 
JP Molyneux: 
Ace Greenberg: Office 
Peggy Siegel: 
Lily Sanchez: 
Marty Weinberg: 
Alan Dershowitz: 
Bill Riley: 
Steve Kosslyn: 
Wilson 
Glasses-trapp 
Martin Nowak: 
Harvard 
Vanessa Modely: 
loin Barrack: 
Kasia assistan 
Lana 
Daniel from Paris: 
Dasha Grupman: 
EFTA00728784
--- PAGE 3 ---
Valdson Cotrin: 
e 
Dick Merkin: Office 
Doug Schoettle: 
Kevin Law: 
Marvin Minsky: 
Eduardo Teodorani: 
Al 
Bill Richardson:■ 
Tina Brown: Office 
Boris Nikolic: 
Melz 
Janis Assistant: 
Lena Assistan 
Mark ZetT: 
Reid Weingarten: 
Jean Luc Brunel: 
Nicole Jumkermann: 
Teddy Forstman: 
Jason 
Marshall Rose: 
Schertzman 
Glenn Dubin: 
tudor 
Jane Assistant: 
EFTA00728785
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jes Staley: 
Terje Roed Larsen: 
Richard Johnson: Office 
Warwick Wicksman: 
Naomi Campbell: 
Tom Pritzker: 
Mottola: 
Michael Ovitz: 
Nathan: 
Peter Mandelson: 
David Mitchell: 
Jeff Matusow: Office 
Barnaby Marsh: 
George Church: 
Roger Schank: 
Charles Harper: 
Set 
Val Kilmer: Office 
Harvey Weinstein: 
Len Blavatnik: 
Eva Dubin: 
Koch 
EFTA00728786
--- PAGE 5 ---
Sultan 
David Tang 
Michael Milken: 
Larry Summers: 
Jay Lefkowit2: 
Frederic Feldcai: 
Victoria Stodden: 
Duke of York: 
Adam Bly 
Pablos Holman 
Galertner 
EFTA00728787

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728788.pdf
----------------------------------------
JOHN V. DINAN ASSOCIATES,INC. 
Consulting Engineers & Seismologists 
2125 CENTER AVENUE 
FORT LEE N J 0/024 
September 1, 2009 
East 71s' Street Corporation 
c/o Leslie Wexner or Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71s' Street 
New York. NY 10021-4102 
Re: 
Pre-Construction Condition Survey 
East 72nd Street 
Block 1386, Lot 62 
New York, NY 
Dinan No. 4009 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
We, as Consultants for Bella Builders Associates, LLC, the Sponsor, for the above project, in 
accordance with the New York Building Code, respectfully request permission to make a detailed visual 
examination of your building known as 9 East 71" Street, New York, NY. 
The purpose of this examination is to determine and document the current physical condition of 
your building prior to commencement of construction on the neighboring parcel. While we do not 
anticipate any disturbance to your building, we believe a pre-construction inspection is a prudent idea in 
order to establish its condition. We would like to conduct a complete examination of the property including 
a full interior and exterior inspection. 
If access to your building is denied, we will be unable to establish the condition of your building 
and no responsibility can be taken, as its pre-existing condition will be unknown. 
Please call the office to schedule an appointment as soon as possible or sign this letter below 
and return it to us via fax or mail and let us know when you are available to meet with us. Upon 
completion of our inspection and subsequent to actual report preparation and finalization, one copy of our 
report will be sent to you without cost. 
Respectfully submitted, 
JOHN V. DINAN ASSOCIATES, INC. 
Stephen C. Leventis R.A.. Principal 
O.K. for Inspection 
Or Access Denied  
Date 
Authorized Signature 
Telephone Number: 
ESTABLISHED IN 1925 
AMERICAN CONSULTING ENGINEERS COUNCIL 
NEW YORK ASSOCIATION OF CONSULTING ENGINEERS 
AMERICAN SOCIETY OF CIVIL ENGINEERS 
SOCIETY OF AMERICAN MILITARY ENGINEERS 
NEW JERSEY SOCIETY OF PROFESSIONAL ENGINEERS 
EFTA00728788

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728789.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 
Date teethed 
Dale of trip 
bawl specialet  
los
el-IARTED 
OUrpo
s
SAFARI & TRAVEL CO. 
PERSONAL INFORMATION FORM 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
PASSPORT INFORMATION 
Name (as appears on yew passport) 
Passport Number 
Mailing Address 
Nationality/Citizenship 
City 
Zip 
Date of Issue 
Date of Expiration 
Home Telephone 
Fax: 
EMERGENCY CONTACT INFORMATION 
Occupation 
Name 
Business Telephone 
ext. 
Relationship 
Business Fax 
Telephone 
Email Address 
Address 
Height 
Weight 
Age 
Birthdate 
M/F 
City 
Zip 
Please describe your Health and Medical history: 
Any other medical conditions we should be aware of: 
Allergies or dietary restrictions (vegetarian?): 
Please list any alcoholic preferences (local beer, wine, domestic spirits). Please note that we will try our best to provide your drink of choice. 
Describe the nature and extent of your camping, hiking, horseback riding, or other outdoor experience:  
Please list any special occasions while on your trip: 
DOCTOR INFORMATION 
Name 
Address: 
Telephone: 
Uncharted Outposts I 
City: 
Zip: 
EFTA00728789

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728790.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728790.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
PLAINTIFF'S CROSS-NOTICE OF DEPOSITION OF 
DETECTIVE JOSEPH RECAREY 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that plaintiff, Jane Doe, will take the deposition by oral 
examination, of the persons named below, at the time, on the date, at the hour of the 
place indicated: 
NAME 
DATE AND 
TIME 
PLACE OF TAKING DEPOSITON 
Det. Joseph Recarey 
Go Joanne M. O'Connor, Esq. 
Jones, Foster, Johnson & 
Stubbs, P.A. 
505 S. Flagler Drive, #1100 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
April 27, 2010 @ 
10:00AM 
Jones, Foster, Johnson & 
Stubbs, P.A. 
505 S. Flagler Drive, #1100 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
upon oral examination before Prose Court Reporting, Notary Public, or any other notary 
public or officer authorized by law to take depositions in the State of Florida. The oral 
EFTA00728790
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
examination will continue from day to day until completed. The depositions are being 
taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such other purposes as are 
permitted under the Rules of Court. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing was served by e-mail on April 21, 
2010 to: See attached service list. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(954) 524-282O 
(954) 524-2822 fax 
brad@path ustice.com 
By: 
cc: 
Prose (via email) 
BRADLLGY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00728791
--- PAGE 3 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119•MARRA/JOHNSON 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court - Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldber er, Esq. 
J old 
Robert D. Griffon, Esq. 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell 
Richard Horace Willits 
Robert C. Josefsber 
Adam D. Horowitz 
Stuart S. Mermelstein 
EFTA00728792

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728793.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE'S EMERGENCY MOTION FOR A HEARING, FINDING THAT 
EPSTEIN IS IN CIVIL CONTEMPT OF THE COURT'S TWO ORDERS FORBIDDING 
HARASSMENT AND INDIRECT CONTACT, FOR APPROPRIATE SANCTIONS AND 
ADDITIONAL REMEDIES INCLUDING REFERRAL FOR CRIMINAL CONTEMPT 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe, through undersigned counsel, hereby files this emergency 
motion for a hearing and for an immediate finding that Epstein stands in civil contempt 
of Judge Marra's order forbidding indirect contact with Jane Doe and Judge Palermo's 
order forbidding harassment of Jane Doe. Jane Doe asks for this Court for remedies 
and sanctions to provide for her safety and to insure that Epstein follows this Court's 
orders (and an order of the state court), including a referral to the U.S. Attorney's Office 
for prosecution of criminal contempt. 
To put the matter bluntly, defendant Epstein is intimidating Jane Doe in violation 
of three judicial no-contact orders. Last evening, he had a "private investigator" tail 
EFTA00728793
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Jane Doe — following her every move, stopping when she stopped, driving when she 
drove, refusing to pass when she pulled over. When Jane Doe ultimately drove to her 
home, the "private investigator" then parked in his car approximately 25 feet from Jane 
Doe's house and flashed his high beam lights intermittently into the home. Even more 
threateningly, at about 10:30 p.m., when Jane Doe fled her home in the company of 
retired police officer employed by Jane Doe's counsel, the "private investigator" 
attempted to follow Jane Doe despite a request not to do so. The retired officer was 
successfully able to take evasive action and has placed Jane Doe in a secure, 
undisclosed location last night. 
Other harassing actions against Jane Doe also 
occurred yesterday. 
Given the circumstances of this case, it is obvious that intimidation from the 
"private investigator" was instigated by billionaire Epstein. Epstein thus stands in clear 
violation of two, separate orders from this Court, one long-standing and one entered 
yesterday. First, a year ago, this Court stated that it "finds it necessary to state clearly 
that Defendant is under this court's order not to have direct or indirect contact with any 
plaintiffs . . . ." Order, Case no. 9:08-cv-80119, doc. #238 at 4-5 (emphasis added). 
Second, on top of this order, yesterday this Court entered another order directing Jane 
Doe and Epstein "not to communicate, speak or harass one another in any way." 
Order, Case no. 9:08-cv-80893, doc. #193 at 2 (emphasis added). 
Epstein's intimidation-by-surrogate also violates a no-contact order entered 
during the course of his guilty pleas on June 30, 2008, before Palm Beach Circuit Court 
Judge Deborah Dale Pucillo, who ordered Epstein "not to have any contact, direct or 
EFTA00728794
--- PAGE 3 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRAMOHNSON 
indirect" with any victims. She also expressly stated that her no-contact order applied to 
"all of the victims." 
To protect her safety and to insure respect for court orders, Jane's Doe's counsel 
accordingly request, on an emergency basis: 
First, the Court should schedule an emergency hearing today, either in court or 
via telephone, to consider whether Epstein stands in civil contempt of the Court's 
orders; 
Second, the Court should find that Epstein stands in civil contempt of two 
separate orders of this Court; 
Third, the Court should then hear from Jane Doe directly and impose such civil 
contempt sanctions as it finds will enable Jane Doe to return safely to her home or other 
place of safety without facing the threat of any further harassment or intimidation. 
Fourth, as part of the sanction for Epstein's civil contempt, the Court should 
expand its current protective order to forbid Epstein or his agents from having any 
contact whatsoever, direct or indirect, with Jane Doe, but also with any of her family 
members or friends, as well as with any persons who have been identified by Jane Doe 
as possible witnesses in her case, without first seeking specific approval of the Court. 
Fifth, the Court should direct Epstein's legal counsel to file with the Court in 
advance of the mediation on Tuesday morning a certification that they have explained to 
him the consequences of any additional violations of the courts orders. 
EFTA00728795
--- PAGE 4 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRAJJOHNSON 
Sixth, Epstein should be directed not to have any agents attempt to follow or 
surveil Jane Doe as she leaves the courthouse after the settlement conference on 
Tuesday or after any other court hearing; 
Seventh, this Court should initiate criminal contempt sanctions against Epstein 
for the violations of its two orders under Fed. R. Crim. P. 42(a), by referring a criminal 
contempt action to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida; 
Eighth, the Court should also refer this matter to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of Florida for investigation of possible criminal offenses, including 
witness tampering in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1512(b) as well as its position on violations 
of the conditions of Epstein's non-prosecution agreement; and 
Ninth, the Court should refer this matter to Palm Beach Circuit Court Judge 
Deborah Dale Pucillo's criminal division presiding over Epstein's probation for 
consideration by her of whether Epstein has violated her order as well. 
Tenth, the Court should refer this matter to Epstein's probation officer for 
determination of any violations of his probation. 
Eleventh, the Court should request that Epstein pay a fine to Jane Doe's counsel 
in the amount of $18,000 to cover any and all costs associated with relocating Jane Doe 
and keeping her safe through her trial date. 
Because Epstein's blatant defiance of this Court no-harassment order appears to 
be designed by him to intimidate not only Jane Doe but also other witnesses in the case 
(i.e., other young girls that he sexually abused), Jane Doe is filing this Emergency 
Motion Under Seal. 
EFTA00728796
--- PAGE 5 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
BACKGROUND 
Counsel for Jane Doe proffer the following facts as officers of the Court. They 
proffer that they could prove these facts at any evidentiary hearing which the Court 
might decide to hold. Counsel for Jane Doe further represent to this Court that they 
have a genuine concern about the physical safety of their client. 
Facts Leading Up to the Entry of Three Protective Orders 
The Court is familiar with the general circumstances of this case, which involves 
Jane Doe's lawsuit seeking significant compensatory and punitive damages from 
billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. The Court is also aware that Epstein has pled guilty to state 
sex charges on June 30, 2008. 
When he pled guilty before Palm Beach Circuit Court Judge Deborah Dale 
Pucillo, she ordered Epstein "not to have any contact, direct or indirect" with any victims. 
She also expressly stated that her no-contact order applied to "all of the victims." The 
relevant transcripts have been filed with this Court. (See case no. 9:08-cv-80119-KAM, 
doc. #113 at 3 and exhibits thereto.) 
To avoid any uncertainty about the scope of this state court order, several of the 
plaintiff/victims with suits pending against Epstein before this Court filed a motion for an 
order prohibiting defendant or his agents from communicating with them directly or 
indirectly. (Case No. 9:08-cv-80119, doc. #113.) Epstein opposed these requests as 
"needless, unwarranted and excessive." Doc. #127 at 5. This Court, however, firmly 
overruled Epstein's objections. On July 31, 2009, this Court entered its own no-contact 
order (in addition to the state court order), ruling: 
EFTA00728797
--- PAGE 6 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
In light of Defendant's response to Plaintiffs motion for no contact order, 
suggesting that the state court's order only applies to some victims and 
that parties are always allowed to contact each other directly, the Court 
finds it necessary to state clearly that Defendant is under this court's order 
not to have direct or indirect contact with any plaintiffs, regardless of the 
intended scope of the state court court's order. 
Order, Doc. #238, at 4-5 (emphasis added). 
Recently, with the case nearing trial, the Court ordered Jane Doe to attend a 
settlement conference on July 6, 2010. Jane Doe had concerns that the upcoming 
settlement conference, demanded by Epstein, was going to be used to harass and 
intimidate her. See Plaintiff Jane Doe's Motion for Modification of Magistrate Judge 
Palermo's Order Schedule settlement Conference, doc. #187. After a response from 
Epstein (doc. #191), the Court modified its order regarding the settlement conference to 
avoid harassment of Jane Doe. Significantly, in the final paragraph, the Court (Palermo, 
J.). starkly commanded: 
The parties are instructed not to communicate, speak or harass one 
another in any way. Any violation of this Order will not be tolerated. The 
parties are instructed to GOVERN THEMSELVES ACCORDINGLY. 
Case no. 9:08-cv-80893, Doc. #193 at 2 (italic added, capitalization in original). This 
Order was entered at 3:29 p.m., EDT, according to the PACER message sent to 
counsel in the case. 
Intimidating Activities on the Evening of July 1, 2010 
In spite of three court orders forbidding contact and harassment of Jane Doe, 
Epstein has (once again') shown his unwillingness to follow the rules. On the evening 
For two other examples of Epstein's unwillingness to follow the same rules that apply to other 
litigants, see Plaintiff's Motion in Limine to Prevent Improper Use of the 5th Amendment, doc. 
EFTA00728798
--- PAGE 7 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRAJJOHNSON 
of July 1, 2010, sometime after the issuance of this Court's most recent order, Jane Doe 
left her house to go to the store and noticed a car (Infiniti SUV, license tag T-KNOLZ) 
following her everywhere she went. Feeling frightened, she pulled into a driveway in a 
nearby neighborhood at one point to allow the car to proceed past her, but the car 
pulled into the neighborhood and stopped nearby. It was clear the person in the car 
was following her and was intentionally making his presence known. Jane Doe pulled 
out of the driveway and headed home, with this other car tailing close behind. Once 
Jane Doe arrived to her house, she went inside and the person following in the Infiniti 
parked across the street outside her home. Jane Doe called her attorney expressing 
her fear and asking what could be done to protect her. She observed that the car kept 
creeping closer to her home every once in awhile. 
This intimidation of Jane Doe was so serious that, alerted by Jane Doe's counsel, 
a retired police officer called the police. The police responded to Jane Doe's home and 
confronted the man in the car. 
The man told the police that he was "private 
investigator." However he would not tell the police who had hired him, only that he was 
hired to "watch" Jane Doe. The name of the investigator appears to be Thaddeus 
Knowles. The police reported these facts to Jane Doe, but advised her that they did not 
have a legal basis to order him to leave the public street. (The police are also preparing 
a report on the incident) 
Counsel for Jane Doe then arranged for the retired police officer to go to Jane 
Doe's home. This retired officer arrived at Jane Doe's home at approximately 10 p.m. 
#178 (recounting Epstein's misuse of the Fifth Amendment during his deposition); doc. #190 
(recounting Epstein's willful violations of discovery orders). 
EFTA00728799
--- PAGE 8 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
He immediately saw a car parked 25 feet from Jane Doe's home, facing her home. He 
also observed the purported "private investigator" in the car intermittently flashing his 
high beam lights into Jane Doe's home. 
The investigator was also intermittently 
attempting to videotape anyone inside the home. 
The retired police officer took 
videotapes of the investigator lighting up the interior of the home with his high beam 
lights, and also took photographs of this harassing action as well. The videotape and 
photographs could be provided quickly to the Court upon request. 
After consulting with Jane Doe, the retired police officer determined that Jane 
Doe felt like a prisoner in her own home and that she believed her physical safety and 
that of her family was threatened if she remained there. She further believed that this 
intimidation was being orchestrated by defendant Epstein. Jane Doe is not involved in 
other litigation and is not aware of any other person who would want to do something 
like this to her. Also, in the last 48 hours, Jane Doe has received telephone calls from 
two ex-boyfriends that investigators were at their homes, knocking on their doors and 
trying to talk to them about Jane Doe — apparently because of this case. And, of 
course, Jane Doe's settlement conference is just four days away and her trial is two-
and-half-weeks away. 
In light of Jane Doe's concerns, the retired police officer believed that it was best 
to take Jane Doe from her home. He advised Jane Doe to pack a suitcase and leave 
the home with him. 
At approximately 10:30 p.m., the retired police officer then took Jane Doe in his 
car and pulled up next to the "private investigator." The retired police officer advised the 
EFTA00728800
--- PAGE 9 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARFtAIJOHNSON 
investigator that Jane Doe was leaving the home to go to another location and that he 
should not attempt to follow them. Nonetheless, the investigator attempted to follow the 
retired police officer as they drove away from Jane Doe's home. The retired police 
officer then took evasive action and was able to elude his pursuer. 
As a result of these activities, Jane Doe feels very threatened. She knows that 
she was followed for much of the day. She also know that this was not surreptitious 
surveillance by someone who was trying to discovery something about her, but rather 
quite visible surveillance by someone whose manifest intent was to make she that Jane 
Doe knew she was being followed. Thus, when she pulled over, he pulled over; when 
she parked, he parked visibly close by. The only reason for such activities could be to 
intimidate her on the eve of the court-ordered mediation. It may also be worth noting 
that Jane Doe is a petite young woman, physically smaller and younger than the male 
private investigator who has been following her. 
Past Intimidation of Witnesses By Epstein 
The Court should be aware that this is not the first time Epstein has used scare 
tactics to intimidate witnesses. Indeed, as the Court is aware, despite numerous civil 
suits being filed against Epstein for sexual abuse, none of the victims in those cases 
have felt able to proceed to trial. Counsel for Jane Doe have been advised that many of 
these victims were afraid to take their cases all the way to trial. Jane Doe remains one 
of only three victims who has had the temerity not to settle her case against Epstein but 
stand on her right to a jury trial. 
EFTA00728801
--- PAGE 10 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRAal 
In determining who is responsible for the intimidation that took place last night, 
this Court can consider all of the circumstances, including other documented examples 
of harassment by Epstein:2
Previous use of investigators" to scare witnesses: The use of "investigators" to 
aggressively harass his victims is not new to Epstein, as investigators have in the past 
aggressively followed key witnesses to intimidate and scare them. See Palm Beach 
Police Department Incident Report at p. 86 (Attached as Exhibit A). 
Victim-to-victim communication: 
One of Epstein's sexual abuse victims was 
relayed a message from another victim speaking on Epstein's behalf regarding the 
criminal investigation of Epstein in 2006: "Those who help will be compensated and 
those who hurt will be dealt with." See Palm Beach Police Department Incident Report, 
Id. at page 83. 
Witness tampering during the federal investigation: During the FBI investigation 
of his sexual abuse of young girls, Epstein intimidated and harassed other possible 
witnesses against him -- namely 
IIIII, and 
. Indeed, this 
intimidation was so serious that federal prosecutors prepared draft federal charges 
against him for witness tampering charges. 
(Attached as Composite Exhibit B) 
Ultimately, for reasons that are unclear, these charges were not filed. 
Threats Against Jane Doe 102: 
Epstein has even tracked down adverse 
witnesses as far away as Australia in the past to send the message not to testify against 
The Federal Rules of Evidence do not apply to this motion and, in any event, the federal rules 
authorize the Court to consider other bad acts in reaching a conclusion about disputed events. 
See Fed. R. Evid. 4O4(b). 
EFTA00728802
--- PAGE 11 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
him regarding his illegal sexual exploits. See Complaint of Jane Doe 102 v. Epstein 
(attached as Exhibit C) 
Threats Against Alfredo Rodriguez: Jane Doe is not the only person to have 
received this impression that she is at risk if she does not accede to Epstein's demands. 
The Court is familiar with Alfredo Rodriguez, an employee of Epstein who kept a "black 
book" of the names of minor girls Epstein' was sexually abusing. 
See Criminal 
Complaint, U.S. v. Rodriguez, No. 9:10-CR-80015-KAM (doc. #3). Rodriguez stated 
that he was afraid that Jeffrey Epstein would make him "disappear" unless he had an 
"insurance policy" (i.e., the black book). Id. at 3. 
Please find, for the Court's consideration as well Exhibit D, the affidavit of the 
retired officer that assisted in protecting Jane Doe. 
The Court can consider all of this information as circumstantial evidence pointing 
to only one conclusion: that defendant Epstein is trying to intimidate Jane Doe before 
her upcoming settlement conference and trial. This is clear violation of the three court 
orders outlined above. 
THE COURT SHOULD TAKE APPROPRIATE STEPS TO RESPOND TO THE 
VIOLATION OF ITS ORDERS AND TO ALER THE STATE COURT TO A POSSIBLE 
VIOLATION OF ITS ORDER 
Defendant Epstein is thumbing his nose at three separate court orders, two from 
this Court and one from the state court. The threatening message billionaire Epstein is 
trying to send to Jane Doe is obvious: settle this case next week or you are in danger. 
This is not the way in which a civil case should be litigated. The Court should not allow 
defendant Epstein's wealth to be deployed to pervert the course of justice. 
In entering 
EFTA00728803
--- PAGE 12 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
its most recent no harassment order, Judge Palermo indicated that "[a]ny violation of 
this Order will not be tolerated." 
Jane Doe respectfully requests that the Court carry 
through on this promise and make it possible for her to return safely to her home. 
Jane Doe accordingly requests the following actions on an emergency basis: 
First, the Court should schedule an emergency hearing today, July 2, 2010, 
either in court or via telephone with counsel for Jane Doe and Epstein to learn whether 
Epstein will challenge any of the foregoing facts and the conclusion that he stands in 
civil contempt of this Court's orders and, if so, how to resolve those factual questions 
rapidly. As part of that hearing, counsel for Epstein should proffer whether Epstein will 
deny that he instigated the harassment that took place last night and answer questions 
about his involvement or whether instead he will refuse to answer such questions on 
grounds that they might incriminate him.3 The Court should thereafter conduct such 
further fact-finding as it deems necessary to reach a conclusion about whether Epstein 
has violated the Court's orders, giving both Jane Doe and Epstein an opportunity to be 
heard. 
Second, the Court should find that Epstein stands in civil contempt of two 
separate orders of this Court: (1) Judge Marra's long-standing direction "that Defendant 
is under this court's order not to have direct or indirect contact with any plaintiffs," Order, 
case no. 9:08-cv-808119, doc. #238, at 4-5 (emphasis added), and (2) Judge Palermo's 
If, as Jane Doe suggests, the Court ultimately proceeds first by way of civil and then only later 
by way of criminal contempt, Epstein would be entitled to invoke the Fifth Amendment only in 
the later criminal contempt proceedings. See Romero v. Drummond Co.. Inc., 480 F.3d 1234, 
1243 (11' Cir. 2007) (noting that the right to remain silent attaches to criminal contempt 
proceedings). Of course, in any civil proceeding, the finder of fact can draw an adverse 
inference from an invocation of the Fifth Amendment. 
EFTA00728804
--- PAGE 13 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARFtA/JOHNSON 
order yesterday that Jane Doe and Epstein "are instructed not to communicate, speak 
or harass one another in any way, Order, case no. 9:08-cv-80893, doc. #193, at 2 
Third the Court should then impose such civil contempt sanctions as it finds, 
after the hearing, will enable Jane Doe to retum safely to her home (or, if necessary, 
other place of safety) without facing the threat of any further harassment or intimidation. 
See Serra Chevrolet, Inc. v. General Motors Corp., 446 F.3d 1137, 1147 (11th Cir. 2006) 
("Civil contempt may be imposed in an ordinary civil proceeding upon notice and an 
opportunity to be heard."). As part of that determination, plaintiff Jane Doe respectfully 
requests an opportunity to be heard directly by the Court (either in person or via 
telephone) so that the Court will have the benefit of her specific concerns in crafting 
appropriate sanctions and remedies to make her feel safe to return to her home and to 
prevent further intimidation at the hands of Epstein. 
Fourth, as part of the sanction for Epstein's civil contempt, the Court should 
expand its current protective order so that forbids Epstein or his agents from not only 
having any contact whatsoever, direct or indirect, with Jane Doe, but also with any of 
her family members or friends, as well as with any persons who have been identified by 
Jane Doe as possible witnesses in her case, without first seeking specific approval of 
the Court. 
Fifth, the Court should direct Epstein's legal counsel to file with the Court in 
advance of the mediation on Tuesday morning a certification that they have explained 
the requirements of all of these orders with him and have explained to him the serious 
consequences that could follow from of any additional violations of these orders. 
EFTA00728805
--- PAGE 14 ---
CASE NO: 08•CV40893•MARRA/JOHNSON 
Sixth, Epstein should be directed not to have any agents attempt to follow or 
surveil Jane Doe as she leaves the courthouse after the settlement conference on 
Tuesday or after any other court hearings or trial proceedings. 
Seventh, this Court should initiate criminal contempt sanctions against Epstein 
for the violations of its two orders — and provide notice to Epstein that the criminal 
sanctions could include a possible term of imprisonment. Criminal contempt sanctions 
are appropriate here because "the criminal contemnor has done that which he has been 
commanded not to do. The criminal contemnor's disobedience is past, a completed act, 
a deed no sanction can undo. Accordingly, the criminal sanction operates not to coerce 
a future act from the defendant for the benefit of the complainant, but to uphold the 
dignity of the law, by punishing the contemnor's disobedience." United Minor Workers 
of America v. Bagwell, 512 U.S. 821, 845 (1994) (internal citations omitted). The dignity 
of the law needs to be upheld; this Court need to act to insure Epstein understands that, 
despite his vast wealth, he remains equal to everyone else in the eyes of the law. In 
short, this Court needs to stop Epstein from flouting its orders and intimidating Jane 
Doe; 
Because the contempt took place outside the presence of the Court, the Court 
should proceed in nonsummary fashion. See Fed. R. Crim. P. 42(a); United States v. 
Baldwin, 770 F.2d 1550, 1553 (11th Cir. 1985). The procedures for such nonsummary 
criminal contempt are well settled. As the Eleventh Circuit has explained, "A federal 
court may punish contemptuous conduct that occurs outside its presence only after 
giving notice of the essential facts constituting the charged criminal contempt, 
EFTA00728806
--- PAGE 15 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
requesting that the contempt be prosecuted by an attorney for the government, and 
affording other procedural protections." Romero v. Drummond Co., Inc., 480 F.3d 1234, 
1242-43 (11th Cir. 2007). The Court should therefore begin the process by referring this 
matter to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida or, if that office 
declines to pursue the matter, such other attorney as may be appropriate. See Fed. R. 
Crim. P. 42(a)(2). 
Eighth 
because Epstein's actions appear to implicate possible witness 
tampering, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1512(b), and possibly other federal offenses, the 
Court should additionally refer this matter to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern 
District of Florida for a criminal investigation. 
Ninth, the Court should refer this matter to Palm Beach Circuit Court Judge 
Deborah Dale Pucillo's criminal division presiding over Epstein's criminal probation for 
consideration by her of whether Epstein has violated her order as well. 
Tenth, the Court should refer this matter to Epstein's probation officer for 
determination of any violations of his probation. 
Eleventh, the Court should request that Epstein pay a fine to Jane Doe's counsel 
in the amount of $18,000 to cover any and all costs associated with relocating Jane Doe 
and keeping her safe through her trial date. 
CONCLUSION 
The Court should hold a hearing on an emergency basis, find Epstein to be in 
contempt of the Court's orders, and impose sanctions and take other steps as outlined 
EFTA00728807
--- PAGE 16 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRAIJOHNSON 
by Jane Doe to secure her safety and to permit her to return to her home without 
harassment by Epstein. 
We respectfully request this Court to seal this Motion and all responses be 
SEALED. 
DATED: July 2, 2010 
Re ectfull Submitted— 7:r---"cz — 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on July 2, 2010 I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing 
document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the 
manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to 
_ 
receive electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filin. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00728808
--- PAGE 17 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRAIJOHNSON 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldber er, Es . 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
Mi h I 
m 
Paul G. Cassell 
EFTA00728809
--- PAGE 18 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
Southern District of Florida 
Case Number: 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARFtAJJOHNSON 
JANE DOE 
Plaintiff 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant 
CERTIFICATION OF EMERGENCY 
I hereby certify that, as a member of the Bar of this Court, I have carefully examined this matter and it is 
a true emergency. 
I further certify that the necessity for this emergency hearing has not been caused by a lack of due 
diligence on my part, but has been brought about only by the circumstances of this case. The issues presented 
by this matter have not been submitted to the Judge assigned to this case or any other Judge or Magistrate Judge 
of the Southern District of Florida prior hereto. 
I further certify that I have made a bona fide effort to resolve this matter without the necessity of emergency 
action. 
• 
Dated this  
 day of  
JULY 
 , 2010 
Signature: caMillaa 
Printed Name: BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, ESQ 
Florida Bar Number: 542075 
Telephone Number: 954-524-2820 
FOR CLERK'S OFFICE USE ONLY 
I hereby certify that the Judge assigned to this case is unavailable for this emergency (a copy of notification to the Clerk 
is on file). In accordance with Local Rule 3.7, the Honorable 
as randomly drawn 
from the Emergency Wheel. 
I hereby certify that the Judge randomly assigned to this emergency is unavailable due to 
(A copy of notification to the Clerk is on fife). In accordance with Local Rule 3.7, the Honorable 
was randomly drawn from the Emergency Wheel. 
Dated this 
day of 
. 20 
STEVEN M. LARIMORE 
Court Administrator • Clerk of Court 
By:  
. Deputy Clerk 
EFTA00728810

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728811.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728811.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Rev. 06,2005)Scakil Dammam Tracking Form 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
Southern District of Florida 
Case Number: 08-CV-80893-MARRA-JOHNSON 
JANE DOE 
Plaintiff 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant 
SEALED DOCUMENT TRACKING FORM 
Party Filing Matter Under Seal 
On behalf of (select one): 
Name: Bradley J. Edwards 
Address: 425 N. Andrews Ave., Ste 2, Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Telephone:  9545242820
Date sealed document filed: 7/2/2010 
Plaintiff 
K Defendant 
If sealed pursuant to statute, cite statute:  
If sealed pursuant to previously entered protective order, date of order and docket entry number:  
The matter should remain scaled until: 
O Conclusion of Trial 
K Arrest of First Defendant 
O Case Closing 
K Conclusion of Direct Appeal 
K Other: 
O Permanently. Specify the authorizing law, rule, court order: 
The moving party requests that when the sealing period expires, the filed matter should be (select one): 
K Unsealed and placed in the public portion of the court file 
K Destroyed 
Returned to the party or counsel for the party, as identified above 
Attorney for: 
EFTA00728811
--- PAGE 2 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et at 
Defendant. 
CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
PLAINTIFF'S MOTION TO FILE PLAINTIFF JANE DOE'S EMERGENCY MOTION 
FOR A HEARING, FINDING THAT EPSTEIN IS IN CIVIL CONTEMPT OF THE 
COURT'S TWO ORDERS FORBIDDING HARASSMENT AND INDIRECT CONTACT, 
FOR APPROPRIATE SANCTIONS AND ADDITIONAL REMEDIES INCLUDING 
REFERRAL FOR CRIMINAL CONTEMPT UNDER SEAL 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe, hereby moves this Court for an Order permitting Plaintiff Jane 
Doe's Emergency Motion for a Hearing, Finding that Epstein in Civil Contempt of the 
Court's Two Orders Forbidding Harassment and Indirect Contact for Appropriate 
Sanctions and Additional Remedies Including Referral for Criminal Contempt to be filed 
under seal and would state: 
Jane Doe requests this Emergency Motion be Filed Under Seal as Defendant, 
Epstein's blatant defiance of this Court no-harassment order appears to be designed by 
him to intimidate not only Jane Doe but also other witnesses in the case (i.e., other 
young girls that he sexually abused). The Sealing of this Motion is necessary to protect 
the safety of Jane Doe and other witnesses. 
EFTA00728812
--- PAGE 3 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARFtA/JOHNSON 
Therefore, the undersigned respectfully requests permission to file Jane Doe's 
Emergency Motion for a Hearing, Finding that Epstein in Civil Contempt of the Court's 
Two Orders Forbidding Harassment and Indirect Contact for Appropriate Sanctions and 
Additional Remedies Including Referral for Criminal Contempt Under Seal. 
DATED: July 2, 2010 
Respectfully Submitted, 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
E-mail:
Florida 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via 
CM/ECF and U.S. mail on July 2, 2010 to: 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, et al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00728813
--- PAGE 4 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRAMOHNSON 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger et al. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00728814
--- PAGE 5 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
[Proposed] ORDER GRANTING PLAINTIFF'S MOTION TO FILE PLAINTIFF JANE 
DOE'S EMERGENCY MOTION FOR A HEARING, FINDING THAT EPSTEIN IS IN 
CIVIL CONTEMPT OF THE COURT'S TWO ORDERS FORBIDDING HARASSMENT 
AND INDIRECT CONTACT, FOR APPROPRIATE SANCTIONS AND ADDITIONAL 
REMEDIES INCLUDING REFERRAL FOR CRIMINAL CONTEMPT UNDER SEAL 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon Plaintiffs Motion to File Plaintiff Jane 
Doe's Emergency Motion for a Hearing, Finding that Epstein in Civil Contempt of the 
Court's Two Orders Forbidding Harassment and Indirect Contact for Appropriate 
Sanctions and Additional Remedies Including Referral for Criminal Contempt Under 
Seal. The Court has carefully considered the Motion and is otherwise fully advised in 
the premises. 
The Court finds a reasonable basis to allow the Motion and accompanying 
documents to be filed under seal. See S.D. Fla. L.R.5.4.B(2) ("any party seeking to 
make a filing under seal shall . . . [set] forth a reasonable basis for departing from the 
general policy of a public filing:). 
EFTA00728815
--- PAGE 6 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Accordingly, it is hereby ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: 
1. Plaintiffs Motion to File Plaintiff Jane Doe's Emergency Motion for a Hearing, 
Finding that Epstein in Civil Contempt of the Court's Two Orders Forbidding 
Harassment and Indirect Contact for Appropriate Sanctions and Additional 
Remedies Including Referral for Criminal Contempt Under Seal is hereby 
GRANTED. 
2. The proposed documents are hereby sealed and shall remain permanently 
sealed. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Florida this 
day of 
, 2010. 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
cc: 
Counsel of record 
EFTA00728816

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728817.pdf
----------------------------------------
AO 187 (Rev. 7/87) Witness List 
United States District Court 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, ct al. 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
CASE NUMBER: 08-CV-80893-CIV 
MARRA/JOHNSON 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE'S EXHIBIT LIST 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
PRESIDING JUDGE 
Hon. Judge Marra 
PLAINTIFFS ATTORNEY 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
DEFENDANTS' ATTORNEY 
Robert Craton, Esq. 
TRIAL DATE(S) July 19 — July 30, 2010 
COURT REPORTER 
COURTROOM DEPUTY 
DEF. 
NO. 
PLF. 
NO. 
DATE 
OFFERED 
MARKED 
ADMITTED 
DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBITS 
EXHIBITS EXPECTED TO BE USED 
I. 
All applicable criminal statutes 
2. 
All applicable Florida Statutes 
3. 
All applicable Rules of Evidence 
4. 
Video of Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's home and route from 
Plaintiff to Defendant's home 
5. 
Order confirmation from Amazon.com for purchase of books 
"SM 101: A Realistic Introduction," "Slave Craft: Roadmap for 
Erotic Servitude-Principles. Skills and Tools" and "Training 
Miss Abernathy: A Workbook for Erotic Slaves and Their 
Owners" 
6. 
Non-Prosecution Agreement 
7. 
Jane Doe 102 Complaint 
EFTA00728817
--- PAGE 2 ---
PLAINTIFF DOE. EXHIBIT LIST CONTINUATION 
Dos vs. Epstein - CASE NO. 08-CV-501393•CIV-MARRAMOHNSON 
DEF. 
NO. 
PLF. 
NO. 
DATE 
OFFERED 
MARKED 
ADMITTED 
DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBITS 
8. 
Messages taken from message pads found at Defendant's home 
Documents related to Jeffrey Epstein produced by Alfredo 
Rodriguez 
10. 
Jeffrey Epstein flight logs 
11. 
Jeffrey Epstein phone records 
12. 
phone records 
13. 
Jail Visitation Logs 
14. 
Jeffrey Epstein's probation file 
15. 
All probable cause affidavits related to criminal investigation of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
All evidence, information and documents taken or possessed by 
FBI related to criminal investigation of Jeffrey Epstein 
17.
Plaintiffs and other victims' statements to the FBI related to 
criminal investigation of Jeffrey Epstein 
18. 
Video of Search Warrant of Jeffrey Epstein's home being 
executed 
19. 
Application for Search Warrant of Jeffrey Epstein's home 
20. 
Complaint Jane Doe v. Epstein and all subsequent Amended 
Complaints 
All records of homes, properties, bank accounts and any and all 
records related to Jeffrey Epstein's assets 
22. 
Jeffrey Epstein's passport (or copy) 
23. 
Jeffrey Epstein's driver's license (or copy) 
24. 
List of corporations owned by Jeffrey Epstein 
All documents evidencing relationship between Jeffrey Epstein 
and Jean Luc Brunel 
All documents evidencing relationship between Jeffrey Epstein 
and MC2 or any modeling agencies 
27.
Yearbooks of plaintiff, Jane Doe 
28. 
29. 
30. 
31. 
Affidavit and Application for Search Warrant on Jeffrey 
Epstein's home 
EFTA00728818
--- PAGE 3 ---
PLAINTIFF DOE. EXHIBIT LIST CONTINUATION 
Do* vs. Epstein —CASE NO. 08-CV-10393-CIV-MARRAUOHNSON 
DEF. 
NO. 
PLF. 
NO. 
DATE 
OFFERED 
MARKED 
ADMITTED 
DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBITS 
Tape recording or transcript of recording of conversation 
between Jeffrey Epstein and George Rush 
33. 
Notepads found in Jeffrey Epstein's home and/or during trash 
pulls outside of his home during criminal investigation 
34. 
The Palm Beach State Attorney's Criminal file against Jeffrey 
Epstein 
35. 
All documents related to Jeffrey Epstein's 6/30/08 conviction 
36. 
Jeffrey Epstein's criminal plea colloquy 
37.
Public records from the Department of Corrections related to 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Records from the Florida Department of Law Enforcement 
related to Jeffrey Epstein 
39. 
All statements made by Jeffrey Epstein 
40. 
List of properties and vehicles in Larry Visoski's name 
All of Jeffrey Epstein's Responses to Requests for Production, 
Requests for Admission, Answers to Interrogatories in this 
matter, and cases 08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-
80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 09-80591, 09-80656, 09-
80802, 09-81092 
All discovery related responses of Jeffrey Epstein in this matter 
and cases 08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469. 09-80591, 09-80656, 09.80802, 
0941092 
43. 
Jeffrey Epstein's Answers and Affirmative Defenses in all civil 
cases against him 
44. 
All Complaints in which Jeffrey Epstein was a plaintiff or 
defendant 
45. 
Jeffrey Epstein's Deposition testimony and discovery responses 
in this case and cases 08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 09-80591, 09-80656, 
09-80802, 09-81092 
46. 
Jeffrey Epstein's Deposit. 
imony and discovery responses 
in State Court cases 
v. Jeffr 
pstein, Case No. 
502008CA028051 
and 
v. Jeffrey Epstein, 
Case No. 502008CP003626XXXXMB 
Jeffrey Epstein Deposition Testimony and discovery responses 
in State Court case Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein, et al. Case 
No. 502009CA040800)000CMBAG 
Any and all newspaper articles, online articles or publications 
related to Jeffrey Epstein 
49. 
Report and Analysis of Jeffrey Epstein's assets 
EFTA00728819
--- PAGE 4 ---
PLAINTIFF DOE, EXHIBIT LIST CONTINUATION 
Doe vs Epstein - CASE NO. 08-CV-110893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
DEF. 
NO. 
PI,. 
NO. 
DATE 
OFFERED 
MARKED 
ADMITTED 
DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBITS 
50. 
Video footage (DVD) of walk through site inspection of Jeffrey 
Epstein's home. 
51. 
Photos of all of Jeffrey Epstein's properties, cars, boats and 
planes 
52. 
Probable Cause Affidavits prepared against Jeffrey Epstein and 
53. 
Audio tape of 
54. 
Photographs, videos and books taken in the search warrant of 
Jeffrey Epstein's home 
55. 
Documents related to or evidencing Jeffrey Epstein's donations 
to law enforcement 
56. 
Victim Notification Letter from US Attorney's Office to Plaintiff 
57. 
Expert Dr. L. Dennison Reed's Report of Plaintiff 
58. 
Palm Beach Police Department Incident Report dated 4/20/06 
All reports and documentation generated by Palm Beach Police 
Department related to Jeffrey Epstein 
60. 
All Witness Statements generated by Palm Beach Police 
Department relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
61. 
Passenger Manifests of Jeffrey Epstein's aircraft and private 
plane flight logs 
Passenger lists for flights taken by Jeffrey Epstein 
63. 
Letter from Jeffrey Epstein to Alberto Pinto regarding house 
island project 
64. 
Jeffrey Epstein's bank statements 
Jeffrey Epstein's tax returns 
65. 
Fuller, 
mmunications of Jeffrey Epstein, Jeff 
MC2 all 
Pappas Suat, Jean Luc Brunel and 
Amanda Grant 
66. 
DVD of plea and colloquy taken on 6-30-08 
67. 
Transcript of plea and colloquy taken on 6.30-08 
68. 
Massage Table 
69. 
Lotions taken from Jeffrey Epstein's home during search warrant 
Computers taken from Jeffrey Epstein's home during search 
warrant 
71. 
Vibrators, dildos and other sex toys taken from Jeffrey Epstein's 
home during search warrant 
EFTA00728820
--- PAGE 5 ---
PLAINTIFF DOE. EXHIBIT UST CONTINUATION 
Do* vs. Epstsln - CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-CIVAIARFLA/JOHNSON 
DEE. 
NO. 
PLF. 
NO. 
DATE 
OFFERED 
MARKED 
ADMTITED 
DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBITS 
72. 
No Contact Orders entered against Jeffrey Epstein 
73. 
Criminal Score Sheet regarding Jeffrey Epstein 
74. 
Documents evidencing Jeffrey Epstein's Community Control 
and Probation 
75. 
Jeffrey Epstein's Sex Offender Registration 
76. 
Jeffrey Epstein's Booking photograph 
77. 
CAD calls to 358 EL BRILLO WAY, PALM BEACH FL 33480 
78. 
List of Jeffrey Epstein's House contacts 
Documents related to Jeffrey Epstein's investments 
80. 
Letter from Chief Michael Reiter to Barry Krischler 
List of planes owned by Jeffrey Epstein 
82. 
Letter from Guy Fronstin to Assistant State Attorney dated 1-11- 
83. 
Letter from Guy Fronstin to Assistant State Attorney dated 1-13- 
84. 
Letter from Guy Fronstin to Assistant State Attorney dated 2-17- 
85. 
Letter from Guy Fronstin to Assistant State Attorney dated 4-6- 
86. 
Letter from Guy Fronstin to Assistant State Attorney dated 4-10- 
87. 
Letter from Goldberger dated 6-22-06 
88. 
All subpoenas issued to State Grand Jury 
Documents related to the rental of a vehicle for 
Ted's Sheds Documents 
91. 
Documents related to property searches of Jeffrey Epstein's 
properties 
92. 
Arrest Warrant of 
Police report regarding 
picking up money dated 
11-28-04 
94. 
List of Trilateral Commission Members of 2003 
95. 
Alan Dershowitz Letter dated 4.19-06 and Statute 90.410 
EFTA00728821
--- PAGE 6 ---
PLAINTIFF 00E, EXHIBIT LIST CONTINUATION 
D0 vs. EpaWin — CASE NO. 08-CV480893-C1V-MARRA/JOHNSON 
DEF. 
NO. 
PLF. 
NO. 
DATE 
OFFERED 
MARKED 
ADMITTED 
DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBITS 
96. 
Guy Fronstin letter dated 4-17-06 
Jeffrey Epstein Account Information 
98. 
Jeffrey Epstein Criminal Closeout Sheet 
99. 
Jeffrey Epstein Polygraph Test and Results 
100. 
Plaintiff's GED testing information and results 
101. 
JEGE, Inc. Passenger Manifest 
102. 
Hyperion Air Passenger Manifest 
103. 
Flight information for 
104. 
Passenger List Palm Beach flights 2005 
105. 
Jeffrey Epstein notepad notes 
106. 
Pleadings of Jane Doe 1 and 2 v. US case 
107. 
Jeffrey Epstein 5th Amendment Speech 
108. 
Reiter letter to Krisher dated 5-1-06 
109. 
Jail receipts of Jeffrey Epstein 
110. 
Police Report dated 11-28-04 
111. 
Compulsory Medial Examination of victim, 
112. 
Plaintiff's school records and transcripts 
113. 
Victim Notification letter dated 7-9-08 
114. 
Plaintiff's employment records from IHOP 
115. 
Police report of.luan Alessi theft at Jeffrey Epstein's home 
116. 
Plaintiff's Medical Records from 
Juvenile Facility 
117. 
Plaintiff's Medical Records from 
118. 
Plaintiff's Medical Records from Wellington Regional Hospital 
119. 
Plaintiffs Medical Records from St. Mary's Medical Center 
EFTA00728822
--- PAGE 7 ---
PLAINTIFF DOE. EXHIBIT LIST CONTINUATION 
Dos vs Epstein — CASE NO. 08-CV-110893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
DEF. 
NO. 
PLF. 
NO. 
DATE 
OFFERED 
MARKED 
AumurrED 
DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBITS 
120. 
Plaintiff's Medical Records from United Health 
121. 
All surveillance conducted by law enforcement on Jeffrey 
Epstein's home 
122 
Entails received from Palm Beach Records related to Jeffrey 
Epstein 
123. 
All items listed on the Palm Beach Police Property Report Lists 
124 
All items taken in the execution of the search warrant of Jeffrey 
Epstein's home: 358 EL BRILLO WAY, PALM BEACH FL 
33480 
125. 
All copies of convictions related to Jeffrey Epstein 
126. 
Jeffrey Epstein criminal records 
127 
All documents produced by Palm Beach Police Department prior 
to the deposition of Detective Recarey 
128. 
Photographs of all persons listed on Plaintiff's Witness List 
129 
Statements, deposition transcripts, videotaped depositions and 
transcripts taken in connection with this and all related cases and 
exhibits thereto 
130. 
Any and all expert witness reports and/or records generated in 
preparation for this litigation by any party to this cause 
131. 
Curriculum vitaes of any and all listed experts 
132. 
Curriculum vitae of Dr. Ryan Hall 
133. 
Any articles or publications of Dr. Ryan Hall 
134. 
Any articles or publications of Dr. Richard Hall 
135. 
Any articles or publications of Dr. L. Dennison Reed 
136. 
All items and documentation review by Dr. L. Dennison Reed 
137 
Transcript and video (DVD) of IME of Plaintiff 
138. 
All exhibits to Dr. L. Dennison Reed's Deposition 
139. 
All exhibits to Dr. Richard Hall's Deposition 
140. 
All items and documents reviewed by Dr. Richard Hall 
141. 
All items and documents reviewed by Dr. Ryan Hall 
142. 
All exhibits listed on the Defendant's Exhibit List 
EFTA00728823
--- PAGE 8 ---
PLAINTIFF DOE. EXHIBIT LIST CONTINUATION 
Doe vs Epstein — CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-ClIbMARRA/JOHNSON 
DEF. 
NO. 
PLF. 
NO. 
DATE 
OFFERED 
MARKED 
ADMITTED 
DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBITS 
143. 
Demonstrative aids and exhibits including, but not limited to, 
anatomical charts, diagrams and models, surveys, photographs 
and similar material including blow-ups of the aforesaid items. 
144. 
Any and all mortality tables 
145. 
Plaintiffs reserve all objections to Defendant's Exhibits 
146. 
Plaintiffs reserve the right to supplement and/or amend this 
Exhibit List 
147 
By listing an Exhibit, Plaintiff is not waiving their right to object 
to same at trial and does not waive their right to amend same. 
Plaintiff reserves the right to amend this list. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the original of the above and a copy of the foregoing has been provided this 
'$ 
 day of June 2010 via U.S. Mail and email transmittal to all those on the attached service 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 
801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
EFTA00728824

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728825.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728825.pdf
----------------------------------------
I56012..ot.4 
rest-y-400 Te-e1sAmace. 
--e-
-Zo‘ x 
tr-Ft 
Puha
" 
I 
4o -o 
g_rikt krosi 
t1/4.srtt . 
to 11 4to$
*
o
f
&
t
,
a
s
S
o
o
,
?Ciao POSE 
(243 RA) 
Otto( rat". 
(tom
ist, 'draw v, 
EFTA00728825

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728826.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728826.pdf
----------------------------------------
TSPorlazote4\"-
PPS:174'i tzsgat De",ces. 
PLAJ1/43—cistoo4 
DE] 
— op-tanpisu. PoIW7
Lefn "PIFC1 
PM 
'Una, 
I 
(13-uk._217-4 Itc, 24._7 
o tom' lo' 1.4 
EFTA00728826

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728827.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728827.pdf
----------------------------------------
DYS 
a*P3-r 
p• -) F-ES1 risk) cz. 
SITE P411/4) Sikrrisi 
= 46 -cc 
rt-r 
to` TS 40' 1,4 
— 
OVA boat. 
Volito 
I
FZ itsThirT • 
7ISIOL___thaterk-st 
EFTA00728827

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728828.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728828.pdf
----------------------------------------
riP5T6n1/4) rits11)64•CE. 
SITE PAP, ST °OM.
I.%%:: 4ot od
ri
r ri--I
r
o to IA; 
40. 
714 atxte_Apii4t 
2), 
EFTA00728828

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728829.pdf
----------------------------------------
to 
tin 
441' 
PS-rFAK) 17-cstoc-mc.z. 
140.401 cAPS 
or-Fil- a_ 
Cotuz-oe.-1 
451' 
vslissu"salanlaser. 
Poet-
500 110427) 
toot, 43k)PPorcrt 
isre puts) Istovi 
43-Collo" 
— 
p 
Lt.., Lab' 13%
t ern—
Yebne It 43" 
tle4-041alort. 
1566a441 . 
r
e Ft) Tkize, 
Covet-S1 
; 
— - 
St 
P-480
4%V 
r —i 
C 
n flub rolb to 42. __ 
to' 
eue N 
EFTA00728829

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728830.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
44:=6' 
~ 4t-i; 
V as ov-D 
Rock tiLitruls 
THIS COULD BE 
BATHROOM. SHOWER 
CHANGING. STORAGE 
5G,' 
13PS:traz ceps vssoce. 
EXTEND DECK 
HERE. THROUGH 
OPENING IN 
DECK 
GUARWALL 
Ltu b 
Roo wt 
74' g Oett3)(01
HIDDEN STAIR 
DOWN TO 
SERVICE ROAD 
e01/494-xio "to 
SERVICE 
PARKING BELOW 
ACCESS DOOR 
IN WALL BELOW 
FOR POOL 
EQUIPMENT 
POTENTIAL VIEW FROM LIVING 
ROOM IF THIS AREA IS OPEN 
GeNOS cat no b 
Ann 
Root bta44 
PAIL DPOSi wain 
WE COULD OMIT 
THIS STAIR 
ckftz. 'OS ic 
Us, ciao ttoosm Popo %Ivo  
o s' 101 
1,0 
THIS COULD BE 
TREATMENTSTORAGE. 
OR COULD BE 
EXTENSION OF 
COVERED SEATIING 
AREA 
S0NIT 
RcoF 
II-43e tn. 
EFTA00728830

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728831.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728831.pdf
----------------------------------------
i1/43 Fes tO goacit., 
1,,tVtNb _Lwow _pool. ?Goo 45-rury‘t 
tn.r- to O1' 
so ' 
6F.A., surtres 
naafi. um44.0 n__ 
EFTA00728831

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728832.pdf
----------------------------------------
i1/43 Fes tO goacit., 
1,,tVtNb _Lwow _pool. ?Goo 45-rury‘t 
tn.r- to O1' 
so ' 
6F.A., surtres 
naafi. um44.0 n__ 
EFTA00728832

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728833.pdf
----------------------------------------
_ _ v 
V
Date:  
74(4
Exhibit A 
SPECIFICATION 
Date: _ 
1988 ASTRA JET 
Serial Number: 21 
Registration: N200CK 
Total Time on Aircraft 6357 Hours 
Total Cycles 4308 Landings 
Date of Manufacture October 6, 1988 
HONEYWELL TFE731-3C-200G ENGINES - 2100 Hr. MN Cycle - 4200 Hr. CZI 
Cycle (O/H) 
ENGINES 
LEFT 
RIGHT 
Serial Number 
P96137 
P96131 
Total Time 
6055 Hours 
6055 Hours 
Total Cycles 
3806 Cycles 3806 Cycles 
Time Since MPI 
296 Hours 
296 Hours 
Th
irne-thatil GZI--18621:Inurs 
1862 Hours 
Engines are on Honeywell MSP Gold 
M.T.O.W. 24,650 lbs. (Increased Gross Weight Mod) 
Engines in the -3C Configuration 
\_/ 
INTERIOR & EXTERIOR 
Cabin Layout — 7 Passengers Forward: Two Place Side Facing Divan, One Aft facing 
Single Seat Aft: Four Place Club Configuration. Belted Certified Lavatory Seat English 
Color Hardwood High Gloss Cabinetry Beige Wool Carpet Forward Left-Hand 
Refreshment Center Espana Leather and Beige Fabrics Flight Environments Sound 
Proofing 
Interior Last Refurbished: Duncan Aviation - June 2002 
Last Painted: Duncan Aviation - June 2002 
AVIONICS 
Dual Collins EFIS-85 (5 Tube EFIS) 
Autopilot 
Dual Collins VTR-32 NAV 
Dual Collins ADF-60A ADF 
Dual Collins TDR-,94D Transponders 
Altimeter 
Single Collins WXT-250 Color Weather Radar 
Single 3M WX 940+ Stormscope 
Dual Honeywell GNS-XLS FMS 
Single Collins 10.230 RP COMM 
Single B&D CVR Cockpit Voice Recorder 
Single MagnastartC-2000 
Radiotelephone Single Iridium SAT Phone SATCOM 
Single 
Honeywell TCAS 11 (7.0) 
Single Honeywell EGPWS Terrain Awareness 
Single Collins APS-80 Digital 
Dual Collins VHF-22D COMMS 
Dual Collins DME-42 DMB 
Single Collins ALT-55 Radio 
11/21/2006 TUE 15:57 (TX/RE NO 96781 ra010 
EFTA00728833
--- PAGE 2 ---
Year Make Model 
Serial Number  t I 
 Registration  WZ.Jzo(-1,--
16 
‘12.0 
Airframe: 
Engines: Make, Model  1-l'on-rA 
I 
IL-
19 \ Total Time 
is 
#2 
ttriT Total Landings 
Actii? -4.:AoHours Since New 
4312 
4312.,Cycles Since New 
Inspection Information: 
L C " 61AL 
-1-) 31) AB 
`toad 
RVSM 
Y 
Maintenance Tracking Program 's
I, &lc Pon-Pri have 
reviewed this specification 
and with changes/additions 
marked, find it to accurately 
represent the specifications, 
equipment, and options 
contained within the aircraft. 
‘177^...... 
Signature 
& In- (9 • 
MoitA 1 
Name 
^N- act- <-13 
Date 
APLI• Make, Model 
NUi-
Hours Since New 
Avionics 
fr .5 
ta`A,,yS
Tor-
- il-4D 
) 
to us% .0. 
....s..cr cal.,' anna eak. lri.,_ %.,.,v- 
j- ca 
$
l51.3
St-oVe 
14:5,0 en 
‘...I ez)-- 
infyr, jr_. / 
Viqueiwe-t- 
TPrwS / 
LA/ 9- / 
8.52, 
u.. -Pr- , 't ar 
CWLA-. At c. 
itc 
/FM. ‘&0.,,, hnin 
J 
Efrji.AA. Ai Ctr-, 
(PINS 
Features/Options
14-. its kl,--t 
Lle o / 
(... °LI ;7-  
Lfroi,..--thA 
it an-.C.. a' f..- X-tb 
%pi ca....y-1- lin— 
row 
13, 
(.--1-OOa 
T -11-‘1:11v,-- 
91-T to N----- 
M141•Hca—ctorn—. 
Interior 
Description of Interior: 
c 
— c...
l;,, 
8S
°VOA_ 
4.0 
v 
•• 
I Cm At-
'R 9&$)........),....- 
f , 2. : -z_ ea...,,....._. 
*);:xtenot 
ci vs cas-5,--in--
)fr  
Description of Exterior paint colors 
vit\--; lc_ -.1 
) 'ar,-- c 
6-.4 sr, 
ci, cc....._bek- 
-3\- .:g s, 
44—
lr 1"S 5/6 Cg•trin- 1. 
CFO 
(WA ceit,,-r 
SPI:X;IFICAIIONS SUBJECT TO V ERIPICATION UPON INSPECTION 
A IRCRAVEsuBjEctro PRIOR SALE. OR WITHDRAWAL FROM MARKET 
Due 
4, tt 
‘C•sk-- 51.055 
cw1P 
^1 
LC-A-
♦ IN:ICY • O%.r 
4- 3-- co, ILA,_ 
A.....cf121 
b'- L-.-_ 
ft 05-
a..r 
rGT1 
EA- .:e 
o' 
EFTA00728834

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728835.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728835.pdf
----------------------------------------
PLANE COMPARISON CHART 081809 
7X 
900EX 
G5 
Global 
EXTERIOR 
Length 
Height 
Ramp Footprint 
Cabin Width (Max) 
INTERIOR 
Width (Floor Level) 
Cabin Height 
Passenger Cabin Length 
DESIGN WEIGHT 
Max Ramp Weight 
Payload w/Full Fuel (Typical) 
PERFORMANCE 
Takeoff Distance at 'MTOW: 
Sea Level, ISA 
5,000 ft, ISA + 15°C 
Fuel Consumption / CO2 emissions 
Landing Distance (Typical, 8 Pax, NBAA IFR) 
Fuel Consumption (Conklin & de Decker) 
Direct Operating Costs Per Hour 
(Conklin & de Decker, 2009 Vol. I) 
(Jet A @ $4.49 I gal) 
Range a MLW 
Range FROM Aspen (IFR) 
Thrust-toWeight Ration-OEI (Typical) 
SPEEDS 
VMO 
MMO 
Turbulence Penetration Speed 
76.1 ft 
66.3 ft 
98.4 ft 
99.4 ft 
25.8 ft 
24.8 ft 
25.8 ft 
25.5 ft
6,545 ft2 
4,205 fe 
9,015 n2 
9,345 ft2
in 
in 
in 
in 
75.2 In 
75.2 in 
in 
in 
in 
In 
in 
in 
26.2 ft 
23.5 ft 
31.2 ft 
27.31n 
689,200 lb 
°48,500 lb 
91,400 lb 
99,750 lb 
1,7601b 
1,400 lb 
1,4051b 
3,2081b 
5,555 ft 
7,325 ft 
2,210 lb/hr / 
3.2 mTon 
2.060 ft
380 gaVhr 
$2,769 
4,410 rim 
3,605 nrn 
0.1829 lb-f / lb 
370 kias 
0.90 M 
VMO/MMO 
5,215 ft
6,890 ft 
1,930 IbIly / 
2.8 mTon 
2,375 ft 
314 gal/hr 
$2,556 
2,990 nm 
3,165 nm 
0.0204 lb-f / lb 
5,910 ft 
6,440 ft
8,605 ft 
N/A 
2,645 Ibihr / 
2,900 lb/hr / 
3.7 mTon 
4.2 mTon 
2,230 ft 
454 gal/hr 
$3,728 
4,185 rim 
1,510 nm 
1.6209 lb-f /lb 
2,230 ft
532 gal/hr 
$3,951 
3,555 nm 
780 rim 
0.1482 fb-f / lb 
350/370 kias 
340 kiss 
300/340 kiss 
0.87/0.84 M 
0.885 M 
0.89/0.855 M 
VMO/MMO 
270 kias/0.80 M 300 kias / M.80 
GAGMCWIAPlane comparison 061609 (3)ads 
EFTA00728835

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728836.pdf
----------------------------------------
Policies and Protocol for Possession of Firearms and 
Ammunition by Security Staff 
July 2009. 
1. 
Purpose 
The purpose of the Policies and Protocol for Possession of Firearms and 
Ammunition by Security Staff ("the Policies") is to inform security officers either 
directly or indirectly employed to secure the person or property of Jeffrey Epstein 
that: 
1.1 
Mr. Epstein is a convicted felon, having been convicted in the State of 
Florida of violation of Florida Statues §796.03 (2nd degree felony) and 
§796.07(4)(c) (3'd degree felony). 
1.2 
It is a Class C federal crime for a convicted felon to knowingly possess a 
firearm or ammunition. 18 U.S.C. §922(g)(1). 
1.3 
It is the responsibility of all security officers to be in complete control of his 
or her firearms and ammunition at all times. To have complete control of 
his or her firearms and ammunition the security officer must have 
exclusive, physical possession of the firearm and ammunition, or the 
firearm and ammunition must be stored by the security officer according to 
the procedures set forth in section 4. 
2. 
Permits, Licenses & Fees 
2.1 
The security officer is to ensure that he or she is in valid, current, 
possession of all permits, licenses and certificates necessary to possess 
and or carry all firearms and ammunition in his or her possession. 
2.2 
The security officer is responsible that all fees associated with all permits, 
licenses and certificate are kept current. As a condition of employment, 
the security officer may be reimbursed by Mr. Epstein for these fees. 
2.3 
The security officer is required to maintain on his or her person any 
permit, license or certificate which may be requested by law enforcement 
when carrying a firearm. 
2.4 
The security officer is to handle, carry, use, and store his or her firearm in 
conformity with all permit, license, certificate and government regulations. 
EFTA00728836
--- PAGE 2 ---
3. 
Possession of a Firearm and/or Ammunition 
3.1 
All security officers employed either directly or indirectly to secure the 
person or property of Mr. Epstein, who will possess a firearm and or 
ammunition during the course of his or her employment in this capacity, 
shall read the Policies contained herein, and affirm and sign that he or 
she understands the Policies agrees to abide by these Policies. 
3.2 
[All security officers who possess a firearm and or ammunition during the 
course of his or her employment as a security officer to Jeffrey Epstein 
shall provide 
, Mr. Epstein's designated 
representative or counsel to Mr. Epstein, with the serial number of the 
firearm, a copy of his or her licenses, permits, or certificates to hold the 
firearm, and a description of all ammunition.] 
3.3 
All armed security officers shall always secure their firearms and 
ammunition in a manner that demonstrates that they have complete 
control over them. To do so the security officer shall: 
(a). 
secure the firearm so that Mr. Epstein cannot access it, and, to the 
extent practicable, not disclose where, when, and how the firearm 
or ammunition is secured; 
(b). 
always be in sole exclusive custody of his or her firearm or 
ammunition, that is, the security officer shall never allow Mr. 
Epstein to touch, store, move, examine, clean, or handle the 
firearm or ammunition; 
( c). 
notwithstanding the above, the security officers may notify Mr. 
Epstein of the fact that they are armed or that the firearms and 
ammunition are secured in compliance with these policies. 
3.4 
The security officer shall not share control of his or her firearm or 
ammunition with any other person. The security officer shall not give his 
or her firearm or ammunition to anyone else while employed to secure the 
person or property of Mr. Epstein. 
3.5 
The security officer shall maintain complete control over his or her firearm 
and ammunition, even when he or she is accompanying Mr. Epstein in a 
vehicle, boat, ship, or aircraft. 
3.6 
The security officer shall never depart or leave Mr. Epstein's physical 
presence, of any property of Mr. Epstein such as a residence, apartment, 
boat, ship, aircraft, or vehicle and leave behind unattended or un-secured 
EFTA00728837
--- PAGE 3 ---
any firearms or ammunition. All firearms and or ammunition must 
always be either in the physical possession of the security officer, 
who has complete control of the firearm or ammunition, or stored 
and secured according to the rules set forth for storage below. 
3. 
Securing Firearms and Ammunition 
3.1 
The security officer assumes responsibility as the custodian of all firearms 
and ammunition in his or her possession. 
3.2 
The security officer shall store the firearm in a locked container, cabinet, 
apparatus, device, storage room, or closet to which Mr. Epstein does not 
have the key, combination, or other access mechanism. 
3.4 
The security officer will comply with all applicable State laws governing 
firearms storage. 
I swear or affirm that I have read the above Policies and Protocol for Possession of 
Firearms and Ammunition by Security Staff ("Policies"), and that I understand the Policies. 
I agree to comply with the Policies at all times during my service as an armed security 
officer to Jeffrey Epstein. I acknowledge that I am aware that Jeffrey Epstein is a convicted 
felon. I agree to maintain complete control of all firearms and ammunition that are in my 
physical possession. 
I further agree that I will store and secure all firearms and 
ammunition according to the rules set forth in these Policies. 
Date 
By: 
EFTA00728838

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728839.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 2 
Gensler 
Project 
Project latelther 
LITTLE ST JAMES POOL AREA AND SCREENING ROOM 
07.7112.004 
DeuceIpdon 
Issue/Rev 
POOL AREA PLAN 
Prepared by 
Salle 
Date 
1/161-11-0" 
8/5/10 
3-J
D 
+426" 
r
J 
EXISTING 
[ 
MASTER 
BEDROOM r
J
of 
o f
* 4421-6'
444c9* 
'CO' 
DR 
447NCP 
4.2 I 
--_)
__
J 
SYMMSPOOL 
X 67 
80-0' 
$d 
--- \ \ 
I mo 
• 
I 
>— — — — 
/ 
Ef 
• 1- • 
• RANTER 
ti
+Sr-Cd 
m• 
56.0+st••0. • DN 
013 
EDO 
'fr 
41,49 1-0' 
QQ 
57.3 
• 
'CO. 
• 
• TREATM
RD201 
BATH 
0I TREATM
RCM 
• 
• 
♦ 
j 
• 
/ 
♦ 
• 
- 
UP 
+411-0' SCR
ROO
ENT
+54W 
LIBRARY 
4' 8' 
16' 
24' 
Soma Vat 
2010 Gensler No05 
?I 1 000440.WorePlaneB
Ol 
0+9 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
California 90404 
Tel: 310.449.5600 
Fax: 310.4495850 
EFTA00728839

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728840.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 2 
Gensler 
Project 
LITTLE ST JAMES POOL AREA AND SCREENING ROOM 
Project taw*. 
07.7112.004 
Desaiption 
POOL AREA PLAN 
IssuelRev 
Prepared by 
— 
• • 
/ 
*\_ 
2010 Gensko 
k 105 7I IT 002COLONakTtandEP Ol 
Sage 
1/16'=1c0" 
--2/9 
SWP011te3POOL 
2,2 Rea 
, edr 
% 
R 44.7
, 443 
57.3
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
I 
LIBRARY 
• 
• 
• 
Date 
8/5/10 
SCREENING ROOM 
ENTRY 
4' 8' 
16' 
24' 
Sato Monica 
.+361-0*
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Ca/Bernie 90104 
Tel: 310.449.5600 
Fax: 310.449_5850 
45± 
EFTA00728840

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728841.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728841.pdf
----------------------------------------
------t 
------------, 
.11111111111111 
in-ru ST. JAM 
LOAM LEVEL 
------______ 
EFTA00728841

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728842.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 1 of 3 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 10-CV-21586-ASO 
PODHURST ORSECK, P.A. 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
PLAINTIFF'S RESPONSE TO DEFENDANT'S AMENDED NOTICE AND MOTION 
FOR LEAVE TO DEPOSIT FUNDS INTO THE REGISTRY OF THE COURT 
Plaintiff, Podhurst, Orseck, P.A., submits this Response to the Amended Notice and Motion 
For Leave to Deposit Funds Into the Registry of the Court filed by Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and 
asserts as follows. 
Plaintiff does not oppose Defendant's Motion to Deposit Funds Into the Court Registry, but 
offers this Response tswrovide some contact to Defendant's seemingly prompt action in seeking to 
deposit $2 million into the Court's registry. Defendant would have this Court interpret this prompt 
action as evidence of compliance and reasonableness. Those who have dealt with Defendant, 
however, including Plaintiff, will understand it for what it is - - Defendant's pattern and practice of 
complying and reacting only when his hand is forced, and only after months of delays and foot 
dragging. Depositing $2 million into court is not payment, but an attempt to continue a pattern of 
non-payment. 
This pattern was evident when he was required under the Non-Prosecution Agreement 
("NPA") to formalize his plea of guilty and sentencing before a state court and yet delayed that 
action for several months. He eventually finalized his guilty plea and sentencing, but only after the 
EFTA00728842
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 2 of 3 
United States Attorney's Office informed him in a letter to his counsel that it was "concerned about 
Mr. Epstein's non-performance," and that the "delayed guilty plea and sentencing...[was] 
unacceptable to the [United States Attorney's] Office." See Letter dated December 6, 2007 from 
United States Attorney's Office to Defendant's counsel, which is attached to this Response as 
Exhibit 1. 
Defendant's pattern of delay and non-performance under the NPA was also evident when he 
contested liability in a victim's suit alleging a violation of 18 U.S.C. §•2255 by moving to dismiss 
all counts in the Complaint. This was a clear breach of the NM, pursuant to which Defendant not 
only agreed to not contest liability, but also waived his right to contest jurisdiction so long as the 
claims were being brought pursuant to § 2255. Only when he was placed on notice by the United 
States Attorney's Office that "there has been a breach in the filing (of the motion to dismiss)... And 
we are providing notice to Mr. Epstein today," did Defendant withdraw his motion contesting 
liability. See Transcript of Hearing before The Honorable Kenneth Marra, dated June 17, 2009, 
excerpts of which are attached to this Response as Exhibit 2. 
And, finally, this pattern of delay and non-performance is evident by his actions in this case. 
Despite months and months of refusing to pay Plaintiff most of the fees required to be paid under 
the NPA, he now promptly seeks to deposit $2 million into the registry of the Court. Defendant's 
history, however, shows that he has done this not because he is reasonable or wants to comply, but 
because his hand has been forced by the filing of this lawsuit. 
In sum, while Plaintiff does not object to Defendant's Motion, it is important that his Motion 
be placed in the context of Defendant's prior pattern and practice. Defendant has been in breach of 
his NPA since last year, when he completely ceased paying the attorney's fees required to be paid 
under the NPA. His Motion to deposit the $2 million is neither evidence of reasonableness nor cures 
EFTA00728843
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 3 of 3 
his continuing breach. 
Plaintiff will finally note that Defendant seeks to deposit only $2 million in the registry of 
the Court. Plaintiff's Complaint, however, makes clear that it will seek damages in excess of $2 
million. 
Dated: May 26, 2010 
Respectfully Submitted, 
PODHURST ORSECK, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, Florida 33130 
(305) 358-2800 / Fax (305) 358-2382 
purietoeoodhursteom
By: 
/s/ Peter Prieto 
Steven C. Marks (FB# 516414) 
Peter Prieto (FB# 501492) 
John Gravante, 111 (FB# 617113) 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE, 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on May 26, 2010, I electronically filed to foregoing docuutesitwith 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those counsel or parties who are not authorized to 
receive electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
Is/ 
Peter Prieto 
Peter Prieto 
SERVICE LIST 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. vs. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court 
Case No. 10-CV-21586-ASG 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq. 
Burman Critton Luther & Coleman, LLP 
Attorneys for Defendant 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
rcriktOcktow.cons 
EFTA00728844
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1: 10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 1 of 8 
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of Florida 
DELIVERY BY FACSIMII,CE
Jay P. Lefkowitz, Esq. 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
Citigroup Center 
153 East 53rd Street 
New York, New York 10022-4675 
Re: 
Jeffrey Ensteirl 
Dear Jay 
N.E. 41` Street 
Miami, FL 33132-2111 
(305) 961-9299 
Facsimile: (305) 530-6444 
December 6, 2007 
I write in response to your recent e-mails and letters regarding victim notification and other 
issues. Our Office is trying to perform ow contractual obligations under the Agreement, which we 
feel arc being frustrated by defense counsel's objections. The Office also is concerned about Mr. 
Epstein's nonperformance. 
More than three weeks ago we spoke about the failure to set a timely plea and sentencing 
date. At that time, you assured me that the scheduling delay was caused by the unavailability of 
Judge McSorley. You promised that a date would be set promptly. On November 15th, Rolando 
Garcia met with Barry Krisher on another matter, and was told by Mr. Krisher that he had just 
spoken with Jack Goldberger, and that 1\4r. Epstein's plea and sentencing were set to occur on 
December 14, 2007. Since that time, we have tried to confirm the date and time of the hearing in 
order to include that information in the victim notification letters. You continue to refer to the plea 
and sentencing as though it will be in January; Mr. Krisher's office has not confirmed any date; and 
Mr. Goldberger recently told Marie Villafalla that "there is no date." 
I must reiterate that a delayed guilty plea and sentencing — now more than two months 
beyond the original deadline — is unacceptable to the Office. As you will recall, the plea and 
sentencing hearing originally was to occur in earlyOctober 2007, but was delayed until October 26th 
to allow Mr. Goldberger to attend. It was delayed again until November to allow you to attend. 
Rather than using your best efforts to insure that the plea and sentencing occur in November, we 
recently learned that a plea conference had been scheduled with Judge McSorley for November 20, 
2007, but was canceled at the request of the parties, not the judge. Judge McSorley has not been 
away for any extended period, and there is no basis for your assertion that the judge is the cause of 
EFTA00728845
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1: 10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 2 of 8 
JAY P. LEFICOVITZ, ESQ. 
DISCEMBEJt 6, 2007 
PAos 2 or 4 
any past or future delay. Mr. Epstein currently has four Florida Bar members on his defense team, 
so attorney scheduling is not an adequate basis for delay. 
Three weeks ago I also asked you to provide our Office with the terms of the Plea Agreement 
with the State Attorney's Office. It is now more than two months since the signing of the Non-
Prosecution Agreement and we have yet to see any formal agreement, or even a list ofessential terms 
of such an agreement. 
Next, lot me address your allegation that attorneys in our office and agents of the FBI have 
leaked information to the press in an effort to affect possible civil litigation with. Mr. Epstein. This 
is untrue. There has been no contact between.any member of the press and any employee of our 
office or the FBI since you incorrectly accused investigators of telling "Vanity Fair" about Mr. 
Stan's employment by Mr. Epstein several months ago. We intend to continue to refrain from 
commenting or providing information to the press. We would ask that your client and all of his 
representatives do the same. 
I also want to address your interpretation of several statements that were included in 
correspondence — at your insistence — as proof that the designated victims have invalid claims. Let 
me make clear that each of the listed individuals arc persons whom the Office identified as victims 
as defined in Section 2255, that is, as persons "who, while a minor, was a victim of a violation of 
section .. . 2422 or 2423 of this title." In other words, the Office is prepared to indict Mr. Epstein 
based upon Mr. Epstein's "interactions" with these individuals.' This conclusion is based upon a 
thorough and proper investigation — one in which none of the victims was informed  of any right to 
Weive damages of any amount pnor tithe investigation of her claim. The Office agues that it is 
not a party to, and will not take a role in, any civil litigation, but the Office can say, without 
hesitation, that the evidence demonstrates that each person on the list was a victim of Mr. Epstein's 
criminal behavior. Mr. Starr's letter also suggests that the number of victims to whom Mr. Epstein 
is exposed by the Agreement is limitless. As you lmow, early drafts of the Agreement contained a 
numerical limit of 40 victims, which was removed at your request. The Office repeatedly continued 
that the number would not exceed 40; and the list is significantly shorter than that. Once the list is 
provided to you, if you have a good faith basis for asserting that a victim never met Mr. Epstein, we 
remain willing to listen and to modify the list if you convince us of your position. 
Finally, let me address your objections to the draft Victim Notification Letter. You write that 
you don't understand the basis for the Office's belief that it is appropriate to notify the victims. 
Pursuant to the "Justice for All Act of2004," crime victims are entitled to: "The right to reasonable, 
accurate, and timely notice of any public court proceeding . . involving the crime" and the "right 
'Unlike the State's investigation, the federal investigation shows criminal conduct by Mr. 
Epstein at least as early as 2001, so all of the victims were minors at the time of the offense. 
EFTA00728846
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 3 of 8 
JAY P. LEFKOWITZ, ESQ. 
DM-Z.4BM 6,2007 
PAGE 3 OF 4 
not to be excluded from any such public court proceeding . ." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(2) & (3). 
Section 3771 also commands that "employees of the Department of Justice . . . engaged in the 
detection, investigation, or prosecution ofcrime shall make their best efforts to see that crime victims 
are notified of, and accorded, the tights described in subsection (a)." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(c)(1). 
Additionally, pursuant to the Victims' Rights and Restitution Act of 1990, our Office is 
obligated to "inform a victim of any restitution or other relief to which the victim may be entitled 
under this or any other law and [the] manner in which such relief may be obtained." 42 U.S.C. § 
10607(c)(/)(B). With respect to notification of the other information that we propose to disclose, 
the statute requires that we provide a victim with the earliest possible notice of: the status of the 
investigation; the filing of charges against a suspected offender, and the acceptance of a plea. 42 
U.S.C. § 10607(c)(3). Just as in 18 U.S.C. § 3771, these sections are not limited to proceedings in 
a federal district court. Our Non-Prosecution Agreement resolves the federal investigation by 
allowing Mr. Epstein to plead to a state offense. The victims identified through the federal 
investigation should be appropriately informed, and our Non-Prosecution Agreement does not 
require the U.S. Attorney's Office to forego its legal obligations. 
With respect to your assertion that we are seeking to "federalize" the state plea, our office 
is simply informing the victims of their rights. It does not command them to appear at the hearing 
or to file a victim impact statement. In fact, the letter recommends the sending of any statement to 
the State Attorney's Office so that ASA Belohlavek can determine which, if any, statements are 
appropriate to file with the Court. 
Next, you asSert that our lefteriniStharactenzes1C1rEpstein's obligation to pay damages to 
the victims. To avoid that suggestion, I have asked AUSA Villafafia to simply quote the terms of 
the Agreement directly into the Notification Letter. We also have no objection to referring to Mr. 
Epstein as a "sexual offender" rather than a "predator." 
We have no objection to using the conjunction "and/or" in referring to the particular 
offense(s) of which the recipient was a victim. We will not include the language that we take no 
position as to the validity of any claims. While the Office has no intention to take any position in 
any ci vil litigation arising between Mr. Epstein and any individual victim, as stated above, the Office 
believes that it has proof beyond a reasonable doubt that each listed individual was a victim of Mr. 
Epstein's criminal conduct while the victim was a minor. The law requires us to treat all victims 
"with fairness and with respect for the victim's dignity and privacy." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(aX8). We 
will not include any language that demeans the ham they may have suffered. 
The letter's assertions regarding representation by the Podhurst fun and Mr. Josefsberg are 
accurate. Judge Davis conferred with Messrs. Podhurst and Josefsberg to insure their willingness 
to undertake this assignment prior to finalizing his selection. 
EFTA00728847
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 4 of 8 
JAY P. LEFKOWITZ, ESQ. 
DECEMBER 6,2007 
PAGE4 ant 
Lastly, you object to personal communication between the victims and federal attorneys or 
agents. We have no objection to sending the letters through the mail2 but we will not remove the 
language about contacting AUSA Villafaha or Special Agent Kuyrkendall with questions or 
concerns. Again, federal law requires that victims have the "reasonable right to confer with the 
attorney for the Government in this case." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(aX5). The three victims who were 
notified prior to your objection had questions directed to Mr. Epstein's punishment, not the civil 
litigation. Those questions are appropriately directed to law enforcement. If questions arise related 
to the civil litigation, AUSA Villafittla and Special Agent Kuyrkendall will recommend that the 
victims direct those questions to Mr. Joscfsberg. 
I have attached a revised letter incorporating the changes on which we can agree. Please 
provide any further comments by the close of business on Friday. In addition, please provide us with 
a definitive statement, signed by your client, ofhis intention to abide by each and every term of the 
Agreement by close of business on Friday, December 7, 2007. By that time, you must also provide 
us with the agreement(s) with the State Attorney's Office and a date and time certain for the plea and 
sentencing, which must occur no later than December 14, 2007. There must be closure in this 
matter. 
Sincerely, 
R. Alexander Acosta 
United States Ajtomay 
By: 
Jeffrey . Sloman 
First Assistant United States Attorney 
Enclosure 
cc: 
R. Alexander Acosta, U.S. Attorney 
AUSA A. Marie Villafana 
2This is contingent, however, on being able to provide adequate notice of the change of 
plea and sentencing. The sooner that you schedule that hearing with Judge MeSorley, the sooner 
we can dispatch these letters. If you delay further, we will have to rely on telephone or personal 
notification. 
EFTA00728848
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 5 of 8 
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of Florida 
500 South Australian Ave., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
(561) 820-8711 
Facsimile: (561) 820-8777 
December 6, 2007 
DELIVERY BY UNITS) STATES MAIL 
Miss 
Re: 
Crime Victims' Rights — Notification of Resolution of Epstein Investigation 
Dear Miss 
Several months ago, I provided you with a letter notifying you of your rights as a 
victim pursuant to the Justice for All Act of 2004 and other federal legislation, including: 
(1) 
The right to be reasonably protected from the accused. 
(2) 
The right to reasonable, accurate, and timely notice of any public court 
proceeding involving the crixne•or of any release or escape of the accused: 
(3) 
The right not to be excluded from any public court proceeding, unless the court 
determines that your testimony may be materially altered if you are present for 
other portions of a proceeding. 
(4) 
Te right to be reasonably heard at any public proceeding in the district court 
involving release, plea, or sentencing. 
(5) 
The reasonable right to confer with the attorney for the United States in the 
case. 
(6) 
The right to full and timely restitution as provided in law. 
(7) 
The right to proceedings free from unreasonable delay. 
(8) 
The right to be treated with fairness and with respect for the victim's dignity 
and privacy. 
I am writing to inform you that the federal investigation of Jeffrey Epstein has been 
completed, and that Mr. Epstein and the U.S. Attorney's Office have reached an agreement 
containing the following terms. 
EFTA00728849
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 6 of 8 
MISS 
NOVEMBER 29, 2007 
PAGE 2 
First, Mr. Epstein agrees that he will plead guilty to two state offenses, including the 
offense of soliciting minors to engage in prostitution, which will require him to register as 
a sexual offender for the remainder of his life. 
Second, Mr. Epstein has agreed to make a binding recommendation of 18 months' 
imprisonment to the state court judge who sentences him. Mr. Epstein will serve that 
sentence of imprisonment at the Palm Beach County Jail. 
Third, Mr. Epstein has agreed that he will compensate you for damages you have 
suffered, under the following circumstances. That portion of the agreement that relates to 
those claims reads as follows: 
7. 
The United States shall provide Epstein's attorneys with a list of 
individuals whom it has identified as victims, as defined in 18 U.S.C. 
§ 2255, after Epstein has signed this agreement and been sentenced. 
Upon the execution of this agreement, the United States, in consultation 
with and subject to the good faith approval of Epstein's counsel, shall 
select an attorney representative for these persons, who shall be paid for 
by Epstein. Epstein's counsel may contact the identified individuals 
through that representative. 
If anypf the individuals referred to in paragraph (7), supra, elects to 
file suit pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255, Epstein will not contest the 
jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District 
of Florida over his person and/or the subject matter, and Epstein waives 
his right to contest liability and also waives his right to contest damages 
up to an amount as agreed to between the identified individual and 
Epstein, so long as the identified individual elects to proceed 
exclusively under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, and agrees to waive any other 
claim for damages, whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law. 
Notwithstanding this waiver, as to those individuals whose names 
appear on the list provided by the United States, Epstein's signature on 
this agreement, his waivers and failures to contest liability and such 
damages in any suit are not to be construed as an admission of any 
criminal or civil liability. 
9. 
Epstein's signature on this agreement also is not to be construed as an 
admission of civil or criminal liability or a waiver of any jurisdictional 
EFTA00728850
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 7 of 8 
MISS 
NOVEMBER 29, 2007 
PAGES 
or other defense as to any person whose name does not appear on the 
list provided by the United States. 
10. 
Except as to those individuals who elect to proceed exclusively under 
U.S.C. § 2255, as set forth in paragraph (8), supra, neither Epstein's 
signature on this agreement, nor its terms, nor any resulting waivers or 
settlements by Epstein are to be construed as admissions or evidence of 
civil or criminal liability or a waiver of any jurisdictional or other 
defense as to any person, whether or not her name appears on the list 
provided by the United States. 
Pursuant to the terms ofthe agreement and an addendum, to assist you in making such 
a claim, the U.S. Attorney's Office has asked an independent Special Master to select 
attorneys to represent you. Those attorneys are Aaron Podhurst and Robert ("Bob") 
Josefsberg with the law firm of Podhurst Orseck, P.A. They can be reached at (305) 358-
2800. I anticipate that someone from their law firm will be contacting you shortly. I must 
also advise you that you are not obligated to use these attorneys. In fact. you have the 
aflgualcsugta
at
aa
:
giatsaguiansteagssiagt
i
'
t 
with Mess 
Podhurst/Josefsberg at all. or you can speak with them and decide at any time to use a 
different attorney, If you do decide to seek damages front Mr. Epstein and you decide to use 
Messrs. Podhurst/Josefsberg as your attorneys, Mr. Epstein will be responsible for paying 
attornet's fees incurred during_the tiniementyyingio negetiate,4 settlement, If yonitre_ 
unable to reach a settlement with Mr. Epstein, you and Mr Josefsberg can discuss how best 
to proceed. 
As I mentioned above, as part of the resolution of the federal investigation, Mr. 
Epstein has agreed to plead guilty to state charges. Mr. Epstein's change of plea end 
sentencing will occur on December 14, 2007, at 
a.m., before Judge Sandra K. 
McSorley, in Courtroom 11F at the Palm Beach County Courthouse, 205 North Dixie 
Highway, West Palm Beach, Florida. Pursuant to Florida Statutes Sections 960.001(l)(k). 
and 921.143(1), you are entitled to be present and to make a statement under oath. If you 
choose, you can submit a written statement under oath, which may be filed by the State 
Attorney's Office on your behalf. If you elect to prepare a written statement, it should 
address the following: 
the facts of the case and the extent of any harm, including social, 
psychological, or physical harm, financial losses, loss of earnings directly or 
indirectly resulting from the crime for which the defendant is being sentenced, 
EFTA00728851
--- PAGE 11 ---
• 
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 8 of 8 
MISS 
NOVEMBER 29, 2007 
PAGE 4 
and any matter relevant to an appropriate disposition and sentence. Fl. Stat. 
921.143(2). 
You also are entitled to notification when Mr. Epstein is released from imprisonment 
at the end of his prison term and/or if he is allowed to participate in a work release program. 
To receive such notification, please provide the State Attorney's Office with the following 
information: 
1. 
Your name 
2. 
Your address 
3. 
Your home, work, and/or cell phone numbers 
4. 
Your e-mail address 
5. 
A notation of whether you would like to participate in the "VINE system," 
which provides automated notification calls any time an inmate is moved. (To 
use this system, your calls must go to you directly, not through a switchboard.) 
Thank you for all of yourhelp during the course of the investigation. If you have any 
questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact me or Special Agent Nesbitt 
Kuyrkendall at (561) 822-5946. 
Sincerely, 
R. Alexander Acosta 
United States Attorney 
By: 
A. Marie Villafafia 
Assistant United States Attorney 
cc: 
Special Agent Nesbitt Kuyrkendall, F.B.I. 
Ms. Clearetha Wright, Victim-Witness Coordinator, U.S. Attorney's Office 
EFTA00728852
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 1 of 11 
1. 
S 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
WEST PALM BEACH DIVISION 
CASE NO. 08-80119-CIV-MARRA 
JANE DOE, et al., 
Plaintiffs, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA 
JUNE 12, 2009 
TRANSCRIPT OP MOTION HEARING 
BEFORE THE HONORABLE KENNETH A. MARRA, 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE 
APPEARANCES:
FOR THE PLAINTIFFS: 
ADAM D. HOROWITZ, ESQ. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
For Jane Doe 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, ESQ. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Jane Doe 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 
954.522.3456 
ISIDRO M. GARC/A, ESQ. 
Garcia Elkins Boehringer 
224 Datura Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561:83278033"' 
RICHARD H. WILLITS, ESQ. 
2290 10th Avenue North 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
For 
561.582.7600 
TOTAL ACC 
REALTIME TRANSCRIPTION 
EFTA00728853
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 2 of 11 
ROBERT C. JOSEFSBERG, ESQ. 
Podhurst Orseck Josefsberg 
West Flagler Street 
Miami, FL 33130 
For Jane Doe 101 
305.358.2800 
(Via telephone) 
KATHERINE W. EZELL, ESQ. 
Podhurst Orseck Josefsberg 
West Flagler Street 
Miami, FL 33130 
For Jane Doe 101 
305.358.2800 
FOR THE DEFENDANT: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
MICHAEL BURMAN, ESQ. 
Burman Critton, etc. 
515 North Flagler Street 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561.842.2820 
15. 
REPORTED BY: 
JACK A. GOLDBERGER, ESQ. 
Atterbury Goldberger Weiss 
250 Australian Avenue South 
west Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561.659.8300 
ANN MARIE VILLAFANA, ESQ. 
_Aasiatamt_U—S-..Atrorney__ 
500 East Broward Boulevard 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394 
For U.S.A. 
954.356.7255 
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, ESQ. 
Park Plaza 
Boston MA 02116 
(Via telephone) 
617.227.3700 
JAY LEPKOWITZ, ESQ. 
(Via telephone) 
LARRY HERR, RPR-RMR-FCRR-AE 
Official United States Court Reporter 
Federally Certified Realtime Reporter 
400 North Miami Avenue, Room 8N09 
Miami, FL 33128 
305.523.5290 
TOTAL AreF65 COURTROOM NEPHORK REALTIME TRANSCRIPTION 
EFTA00728854
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 3 of 11 
THE COURT: We are here in the various Doe vs. Epstein 
cases. 
May I have counsel state their appearances? 
MR. HOROWITZ: Adam Horowitz, counsel for plaintiffs 
Jane 2 through Jane Doe 7. 
THE COURT: Good morning. 
MR. EDWARDS: Brad Edwards, counsel for plaintiff Jane 
Doe. 
THE COURT: Good morning. 
MR. GARCIA: Good morning, Your Honor. Sid Garcia for 
Jane Doe II. 
THE COURT: Good morning. 
MR. WILLITS: Good morning, Your Honor. Richard 
Willits, here on behalf of the plaintiff C.M.A.. 
THE COURT: Good morning. 
MS. EZELL: Good morning, Your Honor. I'm Katherine 
Ezell from Podhurst Orseck, here with Amy Adderly and Susan 
Bennett, and I believe my partner, Bob Josefsberg, is going to 
appear by telephone. 
THE COURT: Mr. Josefaberg, are you there? 
MR. JOSEFSBERG: I am, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Good morning. 
MR. JOSEFSBERG: Good morning. 
THE COURT: All right. Do we have all the plaintiffs 
stated their appearances? 
Okay. 
TOTAL ACCESS COURTROOM NETWORK REALTIME TRANSCRIPTION 
EFTA00728855
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 4 of 11 
Defense? 
MR. CRITTON: Your Honor, Robert Critton on behalf of 
Mr. Epstein, and my partner, Michael Burman. 
THE COURT: Good morning. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: Good morning, Your Honor. Jack 
Goldberger on behalf of Mr. Epstein. 
THE COURT: I see we have some representatives from 
the United States Attorney's Office here. 
MS. VILLAFANA: Good morning, Your Honor. Ann Marie 
Villafana for the U.S. Attorney's office. 
THE COURT: Good morning. 
who else do we have on the phone? 
MR. CRITTON: Your Honor, we have two members of the 
defense team are on the phone, also. 
THE COURT: Who do we have on the phone? 
MR. WEINBERG: Martin Weinberg. Good morning, Your 
Honor. 
MR. LEFKOWITZ: Jay Lefkowitz. Good morning, Your 
Honor. 
THE COURT: Good morning. 
I scheduled this hearing for very limited issues 
which, as you all know, there's been a motion by Mr. Epstein to 
stay the civil proceedings against him. The one issue I have 
concern about is Mr. Epstein's contention or assertion that by 
defending against the allegations in the civil proceedings, he 
TOTALACCSSCOURTROOMMEPNORKREAMME1TANSCEUFHOR 
EFTA00728856
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 5 of 11 
may expose himself to an allegation by the United States in the 
non-prosecution agreement that he's violated that agreement and 
therefore would subject himself to potential federal charges. 
I had asked for some briefing on this. I asked the 
United States to present its position to me. And I received 
the Government's written response, which I frankly didn't find 
very helpful. And I still am not sure I understand what the 
B Government's position is on it. 
So first let me hear from Mr. Epstein's attorneys as 
to what do you believe the concern is. I don't believe the 
non-prosecution agreement has ever been filed in this Court; am 
I correct? 
MR. CRITTON: To my knowledge, Your Honor, it has not. 
THE COURT: So I don't believe I've ever seen the 
entire agreement. I've seen portions of it. 
MR. EDWARDS: Your Honor, I believe that it was filed 
under Jane Doe 1 and 2 vs. united States of America, case under 
seal in your court. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. EDWARDS: In a separate case. 
THE COURT: In that case, okay. Was it actually filed 
in that case? 
MR. EDWARDS: I filed it under seal. 
THE COURT: In any event, what's Mr. Epstein's concern 
about if you defend the civil actions, you're going to expose 
TOTAL ACCESS COURTROOM NETWORK REALTIME TRANSCRIPTION 
EFTA00728857
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 6 of 11 
it, it doesn't relate to our clients. 
THE COURT: Okay. But, again, you're in agreement 
with everyone else so far that's spoken on behalf of a 
plaintiff that defending the case in the normal course of 
conducting discovery and filing motions would not be a breach? 
MR. HOROWITZ: Subject to your rulings, of course, 
yes. 
THE COURT: Thank you. 
Anyone else have anything to say from the plaintiffs? 
Ms. Villafana, if you would be so kind as to maybe 
help us out. I appreciate the fact that you're here, and I 
know you're not a party to these cases and under no obligation 
to respond to my inquiries. But as I indicated, it would be 
helpful for me to understand the Government's position. 
MS.V/LLAPANA: Thank you, Your Honor. And we, of 
course, are always happy to try to help the Court as much as 
possible. But we are not a party to any of these lawsuits, and 
in some ways we are at a disadvantage because we don't have 
access. My access is limited to what's on Pacer. So I don't 
really know what positions Mr. Epstein may have taken either in 
correspondence or in discovery responses that aren't filed in 
the case file. 
But your first order was really just what do you think 
about a stay, and then the second order related to this hearing 
and asked a much more specific question, which is. whether we 
TOTAL ACCESS COURTROOM NETWORK REALTIME TRANSCRIPTION 
EFTA00728858
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 7 of 11 
believe that Mr. Epstein's defense was a breach of the 
agreement. 
And I've tried to review as many of the pleadings as 
possible. As you know, they're extremely voluminous. And I 
S haven't been through all of them. But we do believe that there 
has been a breach in the filing that Mr. Josefsberg referred 
to, and contrary to Mr. Critton, we do understand that we have 
an obligation to provide notice, and we are providing notice to 
Mr. Epstein today. 
The pleading that we found to be in breach -- the 
non-prosecution agreement, sought to do one thing, which was to 
place the victims in the same position they would have' been if 
Mr. Epstein had been convicted of the federal offenses for 
which he was investigated. 
And that if he had been federally prosecuted and 
convicted, the victims would have been entitled to restitution, 
regardless of how long ago the crimes were committed, 
regardless of how old they were at the time, and how old they 
are today, or at the time of the conviction. 
And it also would have made them eligible for damages 
under 2255. 
And so our idea was, our hope was that we could set up 
a system that would allow these victims to get that restitution 
without having to go through what civil litigation will expose 
them to. 
TOTAL ACCESS COURTROOM NETWORK REALTIME TRANSCRIPTION 
EFTA00728859
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 8 of 11 
You have a number of girls who were very hesitant 
about even speaking to authorities about this because of the 
trauma that they have suffered and about the embarrassment that 
they were afraid would be brought upon themselves and upon 
their families. 
So we did through the non-prosecution agreement tried 
to protect their rights while also protecting their privacy. 
So, pursuant to the non-prosecution agreement 
on the other 
hand, we weren't trying to hand them a jackpot or a key to a 
bank. It was solely to sort of put them in that same position. 
So we developed this language that said if' -- that 
provided for an attorney to represent them. Most of the 
victims, as you know from the pleadings, come from not wealthy 
circumstances, may not have known any attorneys who would be in 
a position to help them. 
16! 
So we went through the Special Master procedure that 
171 resulted in the appointment of Mr. Josefsberg, and the goal was 
that they would be able to try to negotiate with Mr. Epstein 
for a fair amount of restitution/damages. And if Mr. Epstein 
took the position, which apparently he has, which is that the 
$50,000 or $150,000 floor under 2255 also would be a cap. That 
if they were to proceed to file suit in Federal Court to get 
fair damages under 2255, Mr. Epstein would admit liability, but 
he, of course, could fight the damages portion, which means 
that, of course, he would be entitled to depositions; of 
TOTAL ACCESS COURTROOM NETWORK REALTIME TRANSCRIPTION 
EFTA00728860
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 9 of 11 
course, he would be entitled to take discovery, and we don't 
believe that any of that violates the non-prosecution 
agreement. 
The issue with the pleading that he filed, the motion 
to dismiss the case, I believe it's Jane Doe 101, represented 
by Mr. Josefsberg, is that that is a case that was filed 
exclusively under 18 U.S.C., Section 2255. She met that 
requirement. Mr. Epstein is moving to dismiss it, not on the 
basis of damages, he is saying that he cannot be held liable 
under 2255 because he was not convicted of an offense. 
The reason why he was not convicted of an offense is 
because he entered into the non-prosecution agreement. So that 
we do believe is a breach. 
The issue really that was raised in the motion to stay 
and that I addressed in our response to the motion to stay is 
that Mr. Epstein's -- Mr. Epstein wants to stay the litigation 
in order to leave, in order to sort of attack the cases of the 
victims whether they are fully within the non-prosecution or 
not, non-prosecution agreement or not, and leave the Government 
without a remedy if he does, in fact, breach those terms. And 
that is why we opposed the stay. 
THE COURT: I'm not sure what you mean by that last 
statement. 
MS. VILLAFANA: Well, because this issue related to 
the motion to dismiss on Mr. Josefsberg's client came up after 
TOTAL MCFcS COURTROOM NETWORK REALTIME TRANSCRIPTION 
EFTA00728861
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 10 of 11 
we had filed that response. And what we said in the response 
to the motion to stay is that the reason why he wants to stay 
the litigation is so that the non-prosecution agreement 
terminates based on a period of time, as he puts it. And then 
afterwards he would be able to come in here and make all of 
these arguments that clearly violate the non-prosecution 
agreement but we would be without remedy. 
THE COURT: But you're not taking the position that 
other than possibly doing something in litigation which is a 
violation of an express provision of the non-prosecution 
agreement, any other discovery, motion practice, investigations 
that someone would ordinarily do in the course of defending a 
civil case would constitute a violation of the agreement? 
MS. VILLABANA: No, Your Honor. I mean, civil 
litigation is civil litigation, and being able to take 
discovery is part of what civil litigation is about. And while 
there may be, for example, if someone were to try to subpoena 
the Government, we would obviously resist under statutory 
reasons, all that sort of stuff. But, no, Mr. Epstein is 
entitled to take the deposition of a plaintiff and to subpoena 
records, etc. 
THE COURT: And even if he seeks discovery from a 
Government agency, you have the right to resist it under the 
rules of procedure but that would not constitute a violation, 
again unless there's a provision in the prosecution agreement 
TOTAL ACCESS COURTROOM NETWORK REALTIME TRANSCRIPTION 
EFTA00728862
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 7-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2010 Page 11 of 11 
that says I can't do this? 
MS. VILLAFANA: Correct. 
THE COURT: That's your position? 
MS. VILLAFANA: Yes. 
S 
THE COURT: Thank you. 
MS. VILLAFANA: Thank you, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Mr. Critton, did you want to add anything? 
MR. CRITTON: Yes; sir. Just a few responses to some 
of the issues that have been raised. 
The most glaring, at least from our perspective, is 
both Mr. Josefsberg's comments that he believes that there's a 
violation of the NPA as well as Ms. Villafana with regard to 
Jane Doe 101. 
Mr. Josefsberg, while he was the attorney rep who was 
selected by Judge Davis to represent a number of individuals, 
alleged victims that may have been on the list, he represents 
many of them. And the type of response that was filed in 101 
would probably be very similar to what we will file if he 
files -- and he filed 102 as well. But if he files 103, 104 
and 105, or whatever number he files, we may well take that 
same legal position in our motions and in our response or in 
reply. 
And what we've been, in essence, told today is we 
consider that to be a violation of the NPA under the 
circumstances. 
TOTALACCESSCOWUROOMMETWORKRENOUMETRAMSDUPTION 
EFTA00728863

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728864.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728864.pdf
----------------------------------------
Post orders for 358 el brillo way 
Officer shall remain at the property unless instructed by Mr. Epstein. 
2.there will be a list of approved people, who must show photo i.d. 
3. no one is to be admitted without direct consent of mr. Epstein or Mr Zinoviev 
4. the officer will travel with mr. Epstein, as per his directions. 
A cell phone number will be provided to contact mr Epstein staff and or security 
6. the officer must provide at least two contact numbers per shift his cell and a main 
number 
7. rounds of the outside must be done , on a 30 minute basis , from 10 p. m. until 
7am including the dock area. 
8. a vehicle will be provided 
9. a log belonging to the attorneys for Epstein will be used for sign in of all people 
that enter the property„ no exceptions„ handymaen, gardners, fed ex , no exceptions 
10. mr jack Goldberger will be the first call of contact his numbers are 561 346 
8973, or 561 659 8300.. 
11. 
EFTA00728864

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728865.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728865.pdf
----------------------------------------
CAE SirnuFlite 
PROFORMA INVOICE 
COMPANY PAYING 
AIR GHISLAINE INC. 
3800 SOUTHERN BLVD, SUITE 204 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33406 
COMPANY TRAINING 
AIR GHISLAINE INC. 
3800 SOUTHERN BLVD, SUITE 204 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33406 
COURSE DESCRIPTION 
CLIENT 
Gil INITIAL 
CAE SimuFlite 
P.O.Box 619119 
2929 W. Airfield Drive 
DPW Airpon. TX 
75261 
www.caesimuflite.com 
19-MAY-2010 
TRAINING ID: PB061505 
LOCATION: DALLAS/FT. WORTH
PAYMENT TERMS: COD 
PAYMENT DUE BEFORE 
FIRST DAY 
OF TRAINING 
PO#: N/A 
TERRITORY: SER 
START DATE 
TOTAL AMOUNT: 
PRICE 
16,500.00 USD 
16,500.00 USD 
UNLESS PROVIDED IN THE CONTRACT, INTEREST ON OVERDUE ACCOUNTS SHALL BE CHARGED AT 1.0VoiTIONTH (12% ANNUALLY) 
WIRE REMITTANCE 
CAE SimuFlite, Inc. 
Bank Of America 
Wire ABA - 026009593 
ACH ABA - 111000012 
SWIFT - BOFAUS3N 
Account - 3751889920 
Customer#: 0001870200 
CREDIT CARD 
If you wish to pay by credit card please fill out 
the following for this one time authorization 
and fax to 972-947-5033. 
Visa / MasterCard / Amex / Discover 
CC#: 
Expiration Date: 
Amount: 
Signature: 
Date: 
CHECK BY USPS 
CAE SimuFlite, Inc. 
PO Box 846135 
Dallas, TX 75284-6135 
CHECK BY COURIER 
Bank of America Lockbox Services 
Lockbox 846135 
1950 N Stemmons Fwy, Ste 5010 
Dallas, TX 75207 
In order to ensure proper credit to your account, please provide Customer# and Training ID# with your remittance. 
EFTA00728865

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728866.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 192 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07/07/2009 
Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
EFTA00728866
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 192 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07/07/2009 
Page 2 of 4 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80994-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CTV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
CASE NO.: 08-8081 I-CN-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08- 80893-CIV-MARRAIJOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et a!, 
EFTA00728867
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 192 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07/07/2009 
Page 3 of 4 
Defendants. 
DOE II, 
CASE NO.: 09- 80469-CW-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 09- 130591-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 102 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 09- 80656-CIV-MARRA/JOI-INSON 
ORDER ON PLAINTIFFS JANE DOE NOS. 101 AND 102'S MOTION FOR AN ORDER 
FOR THE PRESERVATION OF EVIDENCE 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon Plaintiffs Jane Doe No. 101 and Jane Doe No. 
102's Motion for an Order for the Preservation of Evidence (DE 114), filed May 26, 2009. The 
EFTA00728868
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 192 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07/07/2009 
Page 4 of 4 
motion is fully briefed and ripe for review. See DE's 151, 168. The Court has carefully 
considered the motion, response, and reply, and is otherwise fully advised in the premises. 
The Court intends to GRANT Plaintiffs' motion for an order for the preservation of 
evidence. However, Plaintiffs' proposed order is overly broad. Accordingly, the Court directs 
the parties to attempt to agree upon language for an order directing Defendant to preserve 
evidence and submit an agreed order to the Court no later than July 20, 2009. If the parties 
cannot agree, then each party shall submit a proposed order by the foregoing date. 
In the interim and until further order of the Court, Defendant shall not destroy any 
evidence in his possession, custody, or control that is relevant to these cases or that may lead to 
the discovery of evidence relevant to these cases. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 6s day of July, 2009 
seee
ttip, 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
Copies furnished to: 
all counsel of record 
EFTA00728869

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728870.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
EFTA00728870
--- PAGE 2 ---
vS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80994-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80993-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80811-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
EFTA00728871
--- PAGE 3 ---
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. II, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80469-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 09-CV-80591-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
CASE NO.: 09-CV-80656-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
EFTA00728872
--- PAGE 4 ---
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE comes before the Court on Plaintiffs Jane Doe No. 101 and Jane Doe No. 
102's Motion for an Order for the Preservation of Evidence and Incorporated Memorandum of 
Law (DE #114), filed May 26, 2009. The parties having agreed and the Court having carefully 
considered the motion and being otherwise fully advised in the premises. 
It is ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Plaintiffs' Motion (DE # 114) is GRANTED as 
follows: 
A. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and his employees, his agents, and his attorneys are 
directed to take every reasonable step to preserve all evidence, to the extent it exists, 
including, but not limited to, evidence related to the October 25, 2005 search, 
documents, data, and tangible things, which includes, but is not limited to, writings; 
records; files; correspondence; digital or chemical process photographs (including 
negatives); reports; memoranda; calendars; diaries; minutes; electronic messages; 
voicemail; e-mail; telephone message records or logs; computer and network activity 
logs; hard drives; backup data; removable computer storage media, such as tapes, 
disks, and cards; printouts; document image files; web pages; databases; 
spreadsheets; software; books; ledgers; journals; orders; invoices; bills; vouchers; 
checks; statements; worksheets; summaries; compilations; computations; charts; 
diagrams; graphic presentations; drawings; films; charts; video, phonographic, tape, 
EFTA00728873
--- PAGE 5 ---
or digital recordings or transcripts thereof; drafts; jottings; and notes. Information 
that serves to identify, locate, or link such material, such as file inventories, file 
folders, indices, and metadata, is also included. 
Specifically, Defendant must 
preserve the following evidence: 
records of phone communications; records of 
domestic and international travel, including travel in Defendant's private airplanes; 
former and current employee records; tax returns; medical bills; bills regarding any 
other expenses; all documents evidencing payment by Defendant of U.S. currency 
and/or merchandise to each person on the list of victims provided by the United 
States Attorney's Office ("USAO list"); any evidence stored in Defendant's storage 
unit; all photographs of the interior and exterior of Defendant's Palm Beach mansion 
as it appeared in 1998 through October 2005; any diary, log, memo pad, calendar, or 
other writing reflecting the date that each person on the USAO list visited 
Defendant's mansion; any diary or document wherein each victim on the USAO list 
wrote regarding any visit(s) to Defendant's mansions; all documents sent to or by the 
Palm Beach Police Department ("PBPD"), the FBI, the USAO, or the Palm Beach 
State Attorney's Office ("PBSAO"); and all computers used by Defendant and/or his 
agents and/or employees during 1998 through and including October 25, 2005, the 
date of the search warrant. 
B. The duty extends to documents, data, and tangible things in the possession, custody, 
and/or control of the parties to this action and any employees, agents, or attorneys 
who possess materials reasonably anticipated to be subject to discovery in these 
actions. 
Counsel shall be directly responsible only to the extent they are in 
EFTA00728874
--- PAGE 6 ---
possession or control of evidence. Counsel shall provide a copy of this Order to 
Defendant and those employees or agents whom defense counsel knows, or has 
reason to know, may have evidence. 
C. "Preservation" is to be interpreted broadly to accomplish the goal of maintaining the 
integrity of all documents, data, and tangible things reasonably anticipated to be 
subject to discovery in these actions under Rules 26, 45, and 56(e) of the Federal 
Rules of Civil Procedure. Preservation includes taking reasonable steps to prevent 
the partial or full destruction, alteration, testing, deletion, shredding, incineration, 
wiping, relocation, migration, theft, or mutation of such material, as well as negligent 
or intentional handling that would make material incomplete or inaccessible. 
D. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and his employees, agents, and attorneys shall preserve 
any evidence from the October 25, 2005 execution of a search warrant at his mansion 
at 358 El Brillo Way in Palm Beach, Florida, that has been, or will be, returned to 
him by the PBPD. 
E. If an objection or privilege is raised, the parties may raise the issue with this Court in 
a timely fashion and shall preserve the evidence in question pending resolution by the 
Court. 
F. The parties, without leave of Court, may agree in writing that certain documents or 
categories of evidence need not be preserved as otherwise required by this Order. If 
such agreement is reached, such agreement is effective upon signing and without 
further order of this Court. 
G. If this Court determines that evidence has been destroyed or lost, it may impose 
EFTA00728875
--- PAGE 7 ---
appropriate sanctions based upon motion and an evidentiary hearing, if necessary. 
H. Each party shall bear its own costs for complying with this Order. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida, 
this 
of 
2009. 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Court Judge 
Copies to: 
All counsel of record 
EFTA00728876

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728877.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728877.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT DRAFT DRAFT DRAFT DRAFT DRAFT DRAFT DRAFT DRAFT DRAFT DRAFT DRAFT 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
MARCH 4, 2010 
Contact: 
Jeffery P. Cohen 
Island Capital Group 
(212) 705-5000 
New York, New York -- Island Capital Group LLC ("Island Capital"), a private real estate 
oriented merchant banking firm controlled by Andrew L. Farkas, and Centerline Holding 
Company ("Centerline") announced today that through its affiliate C-III Capital Partners 
("C-Ill"), Island had acquired 100% of Centerline's institutional real estate debt fund 
management and commercial mortgage loan servicing businesses. This transaction 
immediately makes the newly created private company one of the largest special 
servicers of CMBS in the United States, as it is presently the named special servicer for 
approximately $110 billion of loans in 81 CMBS securitizations. 
In connection with the acquisition, Island Capital along with Centerline also announced 
that Island had completed a total restructuring of Centerline's financial structure and 
core business operations by eliminating approximately $1.6 billion of debt, contingent 
liabilities and preferred equity, providing a much needed injection of equity and liquidity 
and permitting the company to emerge as one of the healthiest and now most stable 
companies in its industry. Island Capital affiliates provided in excess of $100 million of 
new cash equity in connection with the acquisition and restructuring, and C-III will also 
own approximately 40% of Centerline, which will remain as a public company. 
Subsidiaries of Anubis Advisors, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Island Capital, 
have been retained as the exclusive external managers for C-III and Centerline. In such 
capacity, Anubis will provide strategic planning, corporate management, restructuring, 
M&A and other financial services to both companies. 
Island Capital's strategy in acquiring the CMBS fund management and real estate loan 
servicing businesses from Centerline is all but identical to the strategy successfully 
deployed in connection with the creation and building of Insignia Financial Group, Inc. 
Insignia, founded by Mr. Farkas in 1990, consolidated much of the then distressed real 
EFTA00728877
--- PAGE 2 ---
estate syndication industry, ultimately growing to become one of the largest owners 
and operators of real estate in the world, including 350,000 units of multi-family 
residential housing and in excess of 250 million square feet of office, retail and industrial 
space. Insignia's growth was a function of the aggregation, restructuring and 
management of complex real estate oriented equity derivatives. Mr. Farkas, now 
Chairman and CEO of Island Capital, said "The creation of C-III represents the adaptation 
and implementation of the Insignia strategic and operating model to the present 
environment. Back in 1990 we started acquiring real estate oriented equity derivatives 
and building a property and asset management business to service the assets controlled 
by the derivatives. With C-III we are seeking to acquire real estate oriented debt 
derivatives and to build special servicing and ancillary businesses to manage those." 
C-III will operate as special servicer for CMBS through its wholly-owned subsidiary 
Centerline Servicing (which will continue to operate under that name during a transition 
period), which is currently the named special servicer for approximately $110 billion of 
loan in 81 CMBS securitizations. Other CAI subsidiaries also control real estate debt 
investments that have a face value of approximately $3.1 billion. Under Anubis's 
management, C-Ill's intention is to integrate a principal capital deployment and M&A 
strategy within its operations to acquire incremental CMBS, CMBS fund managers and 
other servicing operations. C-III also intends to pursue institutional third-party servicing 
relationships and to expand into business lines complementary to those in which it 
presently operates. 
Anubis also plans to apply the Insignia strategy to the operation of Centerline. 
Centerline will continue to operate in its core businesses of Low Income Housing Tax 
Credit origination, affordable housing asset management and agency lending. 
Centerline has historically been one of the largest syndicators of low income housing tax 
credits in the U.S., placing in excess of $1 billion in its peak year. It also provides asset 
management services to approximately 1,400 multi-family residential properties. 
Centerline's agency lending platform has originated and manages in excess of $9 billion 
of agency loans. Anubis intends to assist Centerline in the acquisition of other 
companies in businesses similar or ancillary to those in which Centerline presently 
operates. It will also assist Centerline in expanding its existing operations into 
businesses that are complementary to its present portfolio. These may include the 
acquisition and/or creation of additional asset management companies, controlling 
interests in real estate limited partnerships and similar investment vehicles, other 
agency lenders and an affordable housing property management business. 
Anubis's and Island's management teams are comprised of many of the same 
professionals responsible for having built Insignia's businesses from 1991-2003. The 
team was also responsible for the monetization of Insignia's platform, selling the 
EFTA00728878
--- PAGE 3 ---
businesses (with a portfolio of in excess of $12 billion) in three transactions between 
1999 and 2003 — its apartment portfolio was sold to AIMCO (NYSE: AIV) in 1999; and in 
2003 Insignia sold its New York City residential brokerage and management business 
(Douglas Elliman) to Prudential and then merged its global commercial real estate 
businesses into CB Richard Ellis (NYSE: CBG) to create the largest commercial real estate 
services company in the world. 
EFTA00728879

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728880.pdf
----------------------------------------
PRICEVVATERHOUsECOOPERS 
January 29, 2008 
D.B. ZwIrn & Co., LP. 
745 Fifth Avenue 
New York, NY 10151 
Dear Sirs: 
PricewatertkouseCoopera LLP 
PricewaterhouseCoopels Center 
303 Madison Avenue 
New Tot NY 10017 
Telephone (646) 471 3000 
Feesiovlo (813) 286 6800 
In planning and performing our audit of the consolidated financial statements of D.B. Zwirn Special 
Opportunities Fund, LP. (the 'Fund") as of and for the year ended December 31, 2006, in accordance 
with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America, we considered its internal 
control over financial reporting as a basis for designing our auditing procedures for the purpose of 
expressing our opinion on the Fund's consolidated financial statements, but not for the purpose of 
expressing an opinion on the Fund's Internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we do not 
express an opinion on the Fund's internal control over financial reporting. 
Our consideration of internal control over financial reporting was for the limited purpose described in 
the preceding paragraph and would not necessarily identify all deficiencies in internal control over 
financial reporting that might be significant deficiencies or material weaknesses as defined in 
Statement on Auditing Standards No. 112 (AU Section 325), Communicating Internal Control Related 
Matters Identified in an Audit, of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ("AIC PA") 
Professional Standards and shown below. 
Control deficiency - exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or 
employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect 
misstatements on a timely basis. 
Significant deficiency - a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that adversely 
affects the entity's ability to initiate, authorize, record, process, or report financial data reliably in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles such that there is more than a remote 
likelihood that a misstatement of the entity's financial statements that Is more than inconsequential 
will not be prevented or detected. 
Material weakness - a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more 
than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the financial statements will not be 
prevented or detected. 
We are providing you with only those control deficiencies determined to be material weaknesses or 
significant deficiencies during the course of our audit of the consolidated financial statements of D.B. 
Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. as of and for the year ended December 31, 2006. 
Control environment and information and communication - D.B. Zwim & Co., L.P., the investment 
manager of the Fund (the "Investment Manager") did not maintain effective internal controls related 
to the Fund's control environment and related information and communication based on the criteria 
established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 
Internal Conbul - Integrated Framework. Specifically, the Inveslinerit Manager did not maintain a 
tone and control consciousness to prevent or detect certain instances of inappropriate conduct, 
and to maintain sufficient accounting records and other documentation to support the fair 
presentation of the Fund's consolidated financial statements In accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles in the United States of America ("GAAP"). The lack of an effective control 
environment allowed the Investment Manager's former Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") to engage in 
Confidential Treatment Claimed under FOR 
DBZ 0036315 
by Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson LLP 
EFTA00728880
--- PAGE 2 ---
PRICEWATERHOUsECCOPER5 
inappropriate conduct that resulted in certain transactions not being properly reflected in the Fund's 
consolidated financial statements. In certain instances, the lack of an effective control environment 
led to inappropriate entries to the Fund's accounting records, including cash and investment 
transfers among and between the Investment Manager, D.B. Zvtirn Partners, LLC (the "General 
Partner), Zwim Holdings, LLC, the General Partner's managing member, and other funds subject 
to the Investment Manager's controls and procedures (collectively, the "Other Accounts"). Further, 
the Investment Manager's former CFO did not communicate certain financial reporting matters, 
including the existence of inter-fund transfers, to the Managing Partner of the Investment Manager, 
the General Partner, senior management of the Investment Manager and the independent 
auditors. Additionally, the lack of an effective control environment caused the flow of information 
and the lines of communication among and between operations, tax and accounting personnel, 
including the Investment Managers former CFO, to be ineffective in preventing or detecting certain 
instances of inappropriate conduct. Furthermore, the Investment Manager did not maintain a 
sufficient complement of accounting and operations personnel with an appropriate level of 
accounting knowledge, experience and training in the application of GAAP commensurate with the 
Fund's financial reporting requirements and business environment. Inadequate internal controls 
related to information and communication, combined with the lack of current, formal written 
accounting policies and the lack of controls surrounding management review of the financial 
statement accounts and disclosures, resulted In the lack of effective controls over the financial 
reporting process. The Investment Manager's inadequate internal controls related to the Fund's 
control environment and related information and communication resulted in adjustments, including 
adjustments Identified by current management, investigation-related adjustments and audit 
adjustments, to the Fund's consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 
December 31, 2006. Additionally, the Investment Managers inadequate internal controls related to 
the Fund's control environment and related information and communication could result in 
misstatements of any of the Fund's consolidated financial statement accounts and disclosures that 
would result in a material misstatement of the Fund's consolidated financial statements that would 
not be prevented or detected. The control environment, which is the responsibility of the 
Investment Manager, sets the tone of the organization, influences the control consciousness of its 
people, and Is the foundation for all other components of internal control over financial reporting. 
The Investment Manager's inadequate internal controls related to the Fund's control environment 
and related information and communication contributed to the additional material weaknesses 
described below. 
Cash, Investments and Related Income, Due to /from Brokers and Counterparties, Due to /from 
Affiliates, Management Fees, Expenses and Income Taxes - The Investment Manager did not 
maintain effective controls over the existence, completeness, accuracy, rights and obligations and 
presentation and disclosure of the Cash, Investments (Including those held through investment 
platforms) and Related Income, Due to 1 from Brokers and Counterparties, Due to / from Affiliates, 
Management Fees, Expenses and Income Tax accounts and related disclosures in the Fund's 
consolidated financial statements. Specifically, controls, including account reconciliations, over the 
initiation, authorization, review and approval of transactions, (collectively, the "ineffective 
reconciliation and transaction related controls"), were not designed or operating effectively to 
ensure the prevention or detection of (i) improper cash and investment transfers among the Fund 
and the Other Accounts, (ii) the over-charging of certain expenses by the Investment Manager to 
the Fund and to the Other Accounts, (Ili) the premature payment of management fees to the 
Investment Manager, (iv) the short term use of the Fund's assets for non-Fund related purposes, 
(v) improper accounting for closing fees related to secondary loan purchases by the Fund, and (vi) 
the improper reconciliation of cash, brokerage and inter-company accounts. These inadequately 
designed or Ineffectively operating controls also led to deficiencies with respect to the accounting 
for income taxes. Additionally, the Investment Manager did not maintain effective controls with 
respect to access to programs and data, including over the completeness, accuracy and validity of 
financial data contained in the Fund's portfolio accounting system and spreadsheets used in the 
period-end reporting process. The Ineffective reconciliation and transaction related controls 
Confidential Treatment Claimed under FOIA 
DBZ 0036316 
by Fried Frank Harris Shriller & Jacobson LLP 
EFTA00728881
--- PAGE 3 ---
PRICEWATERHOUSECCOPERS 
combined with the ineffective controls with respect to access to programs and data resulted in 
adjustments, including adjustments identified by current management, investigation-related 
adjustments and audit adjustments, to the Fund's consolidated financial statements as of and for 
the year ended December 31, 2006. Additionally, the ineffective reconciliation and transaction 
related controls combined with the ineffective controls with respect to access to programs and data 
could result in a misstatement of the Fund's Cash, Investments (including those held through 
investment platforms) and Related Income, Due to / from Brokers and Counterparties. Due to / 
from Affiliates, Management Fees, Expenses and Income Tax accounts and related disclosures 
that would result in a material misstatement of the Fund's consolidated financial statements that 
would not be prevented or detected. 
We have determined that the control deficiencies described above constitute material weaknesses. 
This letter is intended solely for the information and use of the Managing Partner, the President, Chief 
Operating Officer and Chief CompNance Officer, and Chief Financial Officer of the Investment 
Manager, and others within the organization and is not Intended to be and should not be used or relied 
upon by anyone other than these specified parties. 
If you would like any further information or would like to discuss any of the issues raised, please 
contact Scott Sulzberger at (646) 471-7410. 
Very truly yours, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
cc: 
Managing Partner 
President 
Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer 
Chief Financial Officer 
Confidential Treatment Claimed under FOIA 
DBZ 0036317 
by Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson LLP 
EFTA00728882

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728883.pdf
----------------------------------------
Pricing for 2010 39' Midnight Express: 
Base Boat with bow thruster: $118,820.00 
Additions: 
#1 Dark blue hull custom color: $4,739.00 
#2 Upgrade to hard top $12,290.00 
#3 LED spreader lights on side of hard top: $537.00 
#4 Double bolster seats $15,796.00 
#5 non skid on bow and cabin hatch: $2,633.00 
#6 Stainless Steel Strike plate on bow : $2,316.00 
#7 ACR RCL100 Spotlight with remote control: $2,054.00 
#8 Underwater LED lights in Hull: $3,389.00 
#9 406Mhz EPIRB mounted on top: $1,264.00 
#10 VHF Radio with remote Mic: $895.00 
#11 Garmin 5015 GPS unit 15 inch moving map MFD: $5,950.00 
-Radar for Garmin 5015 $1,800.00 
-Sonar $895.00 
- BlueChart g2 Vision SD card $395.00 
Total Boat estimate: $173,773.00 
EFTA00728883

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728884.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
x 
IN RE APPLICATION FOR CPLR 3102(E) ORDER 
Notice of Motion 
TO PRODUCE TAPE RECORDING. 
Index No. 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that upon the annexed Affirmation of Robert Lewis, 
made on the 13th day of September, 2010 and exhibit annexed thereto, Petitioner Freeman 
Lewis LLP will move this Court in the Motion Submissions Part Room 130, 60 Centre 
Street at 9:30 a.m. on October II, 2010, or as soon thereafter as the matter can be heard, 
for an order granting permission for Paul G. Cassell to appear pro hac vice on Petitioner's 
behalf. Please take further notice that pursuant to CPLR 2214(b) opposition papers, if 
any, are to be served on or before October 1, 2010. 
Dated: September 16, 2010 
New York, New York 
FREEMAN LEWIS LLP, 
/MN/ 
By: 
Robert Y. Lewis 
228 East 451h Street 
17i° Floor 
New York, New York 10016 
(212) 980-4050 
Attorneys for Petitioner 
EFTA00728884
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
x 
IN RE APPLICATION FOR CPLR 3102(E) ORDER 
Lewis Affirmation 
TO PRODUCE TAPE RECORDING 
Index No. 
Robert Y. Lewis, an attorney duly admitted to practice before the Court of the 
State of New York, affirms under penalty of perjury as follows: 
1. 
I am a member of the firm of Freeman Lewis LLP ("Petitioner") in this 
action. 
2. 
I submit this Affirmation in support of Petitioner's motion for an order 
permitting Paul Cassell to appear pro hac vice on Petitioner's behalf in this case. 
3. 
NYCRR § 602.2 provides that "an attorney and counselor at law, or the 
equivalent from another state . . . may be admitted pro hac vice to participate in the trial 
or argument of a particular cause in which the attorney may be employed, upon 
application to and in the discretion of the court in which the cause is pending." 
4. 
Paul Cassell is an attorney in good standing in the State of Utah. He was 
admitted to the Utah Bar on May 27, 1992. See May 26, 2010 Utah State Bar Letter 
attached hereto as Exhibit 1. 
5. 
He has never been disciplined. Id. 
6. 
I was a classmate of Mr. Cassell's at Stanford Law School, where he was 
President of the Stanford Law Review. I have also worked as co-counsel with Mr. 
EFTA00728885
--- PAGE 3 ---
Cassell on this and other litigations. I therefore have a sound basis for attesting to his 
competence and high ethical standards. 
7. 
Accordingly, Petitioner respectfully requests that the Court admit Paul 
Cassell pro hoc vice to participate in this case. 
Dated: September 16, 2010 
New York, New York 
Robert Y. 
is 
Freeman Lewis LLP 
228 East 45th Street, 171° Floor 
New York, New York 10017 
Attorneys for Petitioner 
EFTA00728886
--- PAGE 4 ---
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
x 
IN RE APPLICATION FOR CPLR 3102(E) ORDER 
TO PRODUCE TAPE RECORDING 
Index No. 
Order to Appear Pro Hac Vice 
The Court, having considered the application of Petitioner Freeman Lewis LLP 
for an order permitting Paul G. Cassell to appear pro hac vice on Petitioners' behalf, 
hereby grants said application. 
Done this 
day of 
, 2010. 
ENTER: 
EFTA00728887
--- PAGE 5 ---
Jon, C daimon 
Execuao 0tmcfrl 
Utah State Bar 
645 South 200 East. Sure 310 • Sall Lake City. taw,  84111.3834 
Teiephcoe. 801-531.9077 • Fax: 801-531.0660 
www.utahbar.org 
May 26, 2010 
To Whom It May Concern: 
Re: CERTIFICATE OF GOOD STANDING for PAUL G. CASSELL 
This is to certify that Paul G. Cassell, Utah State Bar No. 6078, was admitted to 
practice law in Utah on May 27, 1992 and is an active member of the Utah State 
Bar in good standing. "Good standing" is defined as a lawyer who is current in the 
payment of all Bar licensing fees, has met mandatory continuing legal education 
requirements, if applicable, and is not disbarred, presently on probation, suspended, 
or has not resigned with discipline pending, from the practice of law in this state. 
No public disciplinary action involving professional misconduct has been taken 
against the • nse of Paul G. Cassell to practice law. 
Board of Comrnssalonon 
Sttdmin 
OaPf it 
PrnKlyne 
R•abed L Jeffs 
"nanekx. 
SUNSI R But MA 
Chnses0 W. Carper 
Yvon 0. Donau° 
James O G Ken 
Mary Kay Golan, CPA 
Gunn M Jenson 
Pamela* Kym 
Lon W NOlson 
Herm Oxen 
BCctl R. UGH 
Tbrarms IN Stier 
Rodney G Snow 
E RASO mew 
Katherine A. Fox 
General Counsel 
Utah State Bar 
Do the Public Good • Volunteer foe Pio Bono 
EFTA00728888

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728889.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728889.pdf
----------------------------------------
Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) 
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORI4 FLO 500600 
Police Case#: 05-368 (2) 
Defendant: 
Race/Sex: 
DOB: 
Charges: 
White Female 
05-25-1975 
Principal in the 1l'Unlawful Sexual Activity with a Minor (4) counts 
Principal in the 1" Lewd and Lascivious Molestation (1) count 
From March 15, 2005, through February 2006, the Palm Beach Police Department conducted a sexual 
battery investigation involving Jeffrey Epstein, 
and 
MI 
Sworn taped statements were 
taken from five victims and seventeen witnesses concerning massages and unlawful sexual activity that took place 
at the residence of Jeffrey E stein, 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach. Several of the victims were recruited by and 
brought to the residence by 
to perform massages for Epstein, for which 
received 
monetary compensation. During the visit they would be introduced to 
MI 
Epstein's assistant, who in 
turn would record their telephone numbers and name. 
victims would be brought to Epstein's bedroom to 
provide the massage. Epstein would enter the room and order the victims to remove their clothing to provide the 
massage. As the victims complied and provided the massages, Epstein would rub his fingers on their vaginas. 
On occasion, Epstein would introduce a massager/vibrator and rub the victims vaginas as they provided the 
massage. On three separate occasions, Epstein had intercourse and inserted his penis/fingers in the victims 
vaginas. At the conclusion of the massages the victims were paid sums of money ranging from $200 - $1,000. 
The facts, as reported, are as follows: 
On 03/15/2005, A fourteen year old white female, hereinafter referred to as
her family reported unlawful sexual activity which occurred at a residence within the Town of Palm Beach. 
reported that a subject known to her as "Jeff" had touched her vaginal area with a vibrator/massager while within 
his residence. "Jeff" was later identified as Jeffrey Epstein through a photo line up. 
During a sworn taped interview 
stated that 
dob 
a cousin of 
boyfriend and classmate at 
High School, worked for a wee 
y man and did sexual favors for 
him. She also admitted that 
had offered her 
opportunity to make mone 
During the beginning of 
the month of February 2005,=explained that she was first approached by 
to go with her to Epstein's 
house. Estated that
aloe with a Hispanic female, later identified at 
ick her up at 
was not sure of the exact dates but knew it was a Sunday.
her father's house on a Sunday.
told her 
father that they were going shopping but in reality 
drove them to Palm Beach. During the drive a 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
before me this I' day of May, 2006 by 
who is personally known to me. 
State of Florida 
Signa 
esting Officer 
Date: 
006 
Pagel of 22 
EFTA00728889
--- PAGE 2 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORM FLO 500600 
conversation occurred between 
and Ilwhereas 
ortedly tol 
she should say she was eighteen. lt was later confirmed by the 
father that 
on February 6, 2005. According to 
father, 
drove a pick up truck. 
a
described Epstein's house as a two-story pink house with a Cadillac Escalade parked in the 
driveway. She recalled that Jeff's house was on a dead end street. Upon arriving at the house 
stated that 
they walked up a driveway, past what appeared to be a small guard/security room. A male approaching them 
asking what they wanted. 
that if Jeff asked her age, 
picked his daughter up 
stated they were there to see Epstein. The male allowed them to continue 
walking up to the house. 
stated the man told them that Epstein was not there but was expected back. He 
allowed them to enter the house, via the kitchen. He offered them something to drink while they waited inside. 
Shortl thereafter, Epstein and his assistant, described as white female with blond hair and later identified as 
entered the kitchen. Epstein introduced himself to ■ 
Edescribed Epstein as being 
approximately forty-five years old, having a long face and bushy eyebrows, with graying hair. 
and Epstein left the kitchen leaving Malone in the kitchen. They returned a short time later. 
They all spoke briefly in the kitchen. IN was instructed to follow 
upstairs. .recalled walking up a 
flight of stairs, lined with photographs, to a room that had a massage table in it. Upon entering the room there 
was a large bathroom to the right and a hot pink and green sofa in the room. There was a door on each side of 
the sofa. .recalled there being a mural of a naked woman in the room, as well as several photographs of 
naked women on a shelf. 
told the victim that Epstein would be up in a second. 
Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel and told 'Ito take off her clothes. . 
stated Epstein 
was stern when he told her to take off her clothes. li said she did not know what to do as she was the only one 
there in the room so she took off her shirt leaving her bra on. Epstein bad removed his towel and told the ll to 
i
take off everything. 
stated Epstein was nude when he took his towel off, placing it on the floor as he laid 
down on the table. 
stated she then removed her pants leaving her thong panties on. Epstein then instructed 
her to give him a massage pointing to a specific lotion for her to use. As I 
began to give Epstein the massage, 
be told her to get on his back. Instated she straddled herself on Epstein's back whereby her exposed buttocks 
were touching Epstein's bare buttocks. • 
said Epstein was specific in his instruction to her on how to massage 
him, telling her to go clockwise or counter clockwise. Epstein then turned over and instructed El to massage his 
chest. . 
was now standing on the ground and resumed massaging Epstein's chest area.. stated Epstein held 
onto the small of her back as she massaged his chest and shoulder area. Epstein then turned to his side and 
started to rub his penis in, up and down motion. Epstein then pulled out a purple vibrator and began to 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
b 
• 
3' day of May, 2006 by 
ho is personally known to me. 
Signature of Police Officer (F. .S. 117.10) 
State of Florida 
SignatuiQj
J g Officer 
Date: 05/01/2006 
Page 2of 22 
EFTA00728890
--- PAGE 3 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORIll FW 500600 
massage 
vaginal area. 5 stated there was no penetration as the vibrator was on top of her underwear. 
recalled Epstein ejaculating because he had to use the towel to wipe himself as he got off the table. Epstein 
then left the room and 5 
got dressed. She went back downstairs where she met with 
lisaid she 
was paid three hundred dollars in cash from Epstein. Before she left, Epstein asked 
to leave her phone 
number. As . 
and 
were leaving the house, 
told. she received two hundred 
dollars that day for bringing her. 
During the course of the investigation, parental consent was granted fo 
to assist with the 
invest' ation. At our direction IIconducted controlled taped phone calls to
cellular telephone 
spoke with
in 1 attempt to arrange another meeting with Epstein. Masked 
what did she need to do to make more money. 
stated, "the more you do, the more you get paid." 
had subse uently called back 5 and left a voice mail message for her indicating that she had set up. 
li
niment for . 
to go to Epstein's house at 11:00 am on April 5, 2005. This message was recorded from 
voice mail. 
Based on the above, trash pulls were established at Epstein's residence with Superviso 
the Sanitation Bureau of the Town of Palm Beach. The trash pull from April 5, 2005 revealed a telephone 
message for Epstein which stated 
and 
name at 11:00 am. This was the time frame 
had 
informed 5 
to be ready to go work at Epstein's house. 
of 
On October 3, 2005, 
and I went to 
residence and viewed her vehicle parked in the 
driveway, a red Dodge Neon. 
and I knocked on the door and met with 
was 
told that we were investigating a claim involving Jeffrey Epstein of El Brill° Way, in Palm Beach. 
I
was 
asked if she would accompany us back to the police station for further questioning. She was also told that at the 
conclusion of the interview she would be returned home. 
voluntarily came with us back to the Palm 
Beach Police Department. 
Upon our arrival at the police station, 
was brought to the interview room in the Detective Bureau 
where.' obtained a taped, sworn statement. I began the interview by asking 
how she became 
acquainted with Epstein. 
stated that approximately two years ago, just after she turned 
years of age, 
she was approached by a friend named 
at the I=PIIII
Mt in 
Beach. 
was asked 
if she wanted to make money. She was told she would have to provide a massage and should make $200.00. 
thought about the offer and agreed to meet with Jeffrey. 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
• 
s' day of May, 2006 by 
who is personally Irnown to me. 
Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) 
Date: 
OS/ 
006 
State of Florida 
County of P dm Beach 
Signatur 
no Officer 
Page3of 22 
EFTA00728891
--- PAGE 4 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORIN FLO 500600 
all(Unknown last name) and Tony (Unknown last name) picked Mup 
and she was taken to 
Epstein's house. Upon her arrival to the house she was introduced to Epstein in the kitchen of the house. She 
was also introduced to a white female known to her as iM 
She was led upstairs to the main bedroom known 
to her as Jeff Epstein's bedroom. a 
arranged the massage table and covered the table with a sheet. She 
brou g it out the massage oils and laid them next to the massage bed. IS 
then left the room and informed 
Jeff would be in, in a minute. Jeff entered the bedroom wearing only a towel. He removed the towel 
and laid nude on the massage table. He laid on the table onto his stomach and picked a massage oil for M. 
to rub on him. Duritst massage, =stated 
"He tried to touch me and I stopped him." I asked how he 
tried to touch her. =Eslated that Epstein grabbed her buttocks and she felt uncomfortable. 'Witold 
Epstein, I'll massage you but 1 don't want to be touched. =stated 
she performed the massage naked. At 
the conclusion of the massage, Epstein paid 
$200. 
After the massage Epstein stated to 
that he understood she was not comfortable, but he would 
pay her if she brought over some girls. He told her the younger the better. 
stated she once tried to bring 
a 23 year old female and Epstein stated that the female was too old. 
stated that in total site only 
remembers six girls that she brought to see E stein, eat 
' 
was paid $200. 
stated she had 
brought the Mils:
( al6 year old female), 
a 16 year old 
female) and 
said that at the time s e oug t these girls to Epstein's house they were a1114
through 16 years of age. I asked 
which one was the youngest. 
advised. was the youngest as 
site was fourteen when the massage occurred. 
stated every girl she brought knew what to expect when 
they arrived. They were told they would provide a massage, possibly naked, and allow some touching. I asked 
her if .was aware. She stated every girl she brought knew what to expect. She explained she knew that. 
wanted to make money. She approached sand explained about going to work for Jeff, Magreed and 
arrangidentified
ements were made to brio her to Epstein's house on a weekend. 
stated that she and 
(Later 
picked up Mat her house. 
stated that at that time she was driving 
a red pickup truck. They traveled to Epstein's house and entered through thc kitchen door. They met with the 
house chef and Epstein's assistant IIM ll was introduced to Epstein while they were in the kitchen area. 
led Ilupstairs and Epstein went upstairs. When the massage was over 
returned to the kitchen area. 
stated she was paid $200.00 for bringing. to Epstein's house. 
stated. told her she was 
paid $300.00 for the massage. 
stated that.was the last person she brought to Epstein's house. She had changed her cellular 
number to avoid being contacted by 
. She continued stating that she had no direct contact with Epstein 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
e 
" day of May, 2006 by 
ho is personally known to me. 
Signature of Police 0 ricer (F.S.S. 117.10) 
State of Florida 
Count , of Paln Bel 
ing Officer 
Signatur 
Date: 0 
006 
Pagetiof 22 
EFTA00728892
--- PAGE 5 ---
Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) 
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency O111# PLO 500600 
when he was going to travel to Palm Beach. 
said when Epstein announces to his assistant, 
that 
he is traveling to Palm Beach, 
would then contact 
to arrange girls to "work" for Epstein. 
staled that once her arents discovered that she was visiting Epstein, tl
i slisapproved of the encounters with him 
and she stopped. 
further stated that 
still tries to call 
house and leaves messages. 
'entered 
the room and explained to 
that bused on her own statements, she had 
implicated herself by bringing underage girls to Epstein's house. 
provided cellular telephone numbers far 
the girls she had mentioned previously. Additionally, she also provided possible addresses and areas in which 
they lived. 
As 
was being taken home in the vehicle, a tape recorder was placed within the vehicle to record 
any conversations within the vehicle. During the drive back to her home, 
made the comment " I'm like 
a Heidi Reiss." (Hollywood Madam who sent girls to clients for sexual favors in California). 
was 
dropped off at her house without incident. 
On October 3, 2005, 
and I went to speak with 
a sixteen year-old female who was 
brought to Epstein's residence by 
e met with 
mother at their front door. We explained 
the on oing investigation and asked to speak with l as we had information that she had "worked" for Jeff. 
MM. 
Mrs. 
introduced us to her husband and allowed us entry into the home. We sat in the dining room and met 
with 
Date of Birth 
As she was under the age of eighteen, Mrsiwas advised we would be 
speaking with her. She expressed if her daughter had information, she wanted to assist We interviewed. who 
denied. 
any inappropriate encounters with Jeff (Epstein). She stated she had gone to Jeffs house with 
approximately eight months ago and sat in the kitchen with the house chef, but nothing happened. 
As the parents were present during the interview, we felt that.was withholding information from us. She made 
several comments as to putting the entire incident behind her. I left my tele hone number and advised should she 
wish to speak with me again to telephone me. 
I thanked Mrs.
 for her time and left the area. She 
stated she would ask 
again after we left as to what happened at Epstein's house. I informed her that. bad 
my telephone number and hopefully she would call. 
On October 4 2005 
and I drove to the 
home and met with 
and 
EMI dob 
During a sworn taped statement 
when site was seventeen years old she was taken to a hose by 
stated
 proximately a year ago 
stated she knows 
because they both attend'sigh 
School. She was told she could make money working 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
' 
re day of May, 2006 by 
to is personally known to me. 
State of Florida 
C 
each 
Signatu 
ing Officer 
Date: 05/01/2006 
Page5of 22 
EFTA00728893
--- PAGE 6 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency OR1# FLO 500600 
for Jeff. She was told she would have toprovide a massage to Jeff. MIS stated upon her arrival to the house 
she was brought to the kitchen area b 
. 'they met with the higef 
who was alreadar kitchen 
area. 
statedlEa 
would wait for her in the jan. 
was introduced to
te 
, Jeff's 
assistant, who brought her upstairs to the master bedroom. 
prepared the room and m 
age table for a 
massage. Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel and she provided a massage. 
stated she kept 
her clothes on during the massage. She advised sometime during the massage, Epstein grabbed her buttocks and 
pulled her close to him. I= 
said she was uncomfortahle
e incident involving Jeff. At the conclusion of 
she
 lied no. I asked her i 
the massage, she was paid $200.00 for the massage. 
asked 
if she has any formal training in mas 
which 
received any monies for taking her to pert 
e massage. 
stated 
had received money for taking her there but was unsure in the amount. 
he 
returned to Epstein's house on another occasion with= 
and another 
stated 
she waited in the kitchen with, 
whileM was taken upstairs by 
stated she only did the 
massage once as she was uncomfortable with the whole experience. 
At the conclusion of the interview, the tape was stopped. I was informed that= 
had attempted to 
reach= 
via cell phone. A voice mail message on October 4, 2005 at 10:59 am, revealed a female v ' •e 
who identified herself as 
who requested 
provided the incoming telephone number as 
illi
ack reference the police ques
stated she inadvertently told 
about the police investigation because 
had called her to tell her about how she just received a rental car 
from Jeff Epstein. 
had called her to tell her that she was given a rental car, a 2005 Silver Nissan Sentra, 
to utilize to visit family and visit Epstcin, 
be asking questions. 
stated 
asked her what was oin on at the house that the police would 
then called Jeff and 
and asked what was going on 
reference the ongoing police investigation. Acc, 
to 
since then been trying to contact her 
to ask about the aolice questions. 1 instructed 
not to contact 
and do not provide any more 
information to 
as she would notify Jeff Epstein and 
what was transpiring. 
On Oetober4, 2005, !made telephone contact with.who had left several messages for me to contact 
her. During the message, she advised she was not completely truthful when we met in person but would like to 
speak with me to advise what had happened. She further advised she did not want to speak of this incident in 
front of her mother. At approximately 3:48 pm 1 made telephone contact within During a taped rec rded 
statement 
stated the following: approximately a year ago, when she was sixteen ears of age, 
took her 
to Epstein s house twice. She knows 
because they both attend 
sigh School. The first 
time she went, 
drove to the house. They entered through the kitchen area where she was 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by 
ho is personally known to me. 
Signature o o ce 
leer 
117.10) 
Slate of Florida 
Signutur
•ling Officer 
Date: 0' 
006 
Page ‘of 22 
EFTA00728894
--- PAGE 7 ---
Signature of Pollee Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) 
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORIN FLO 500600 
introduced to 
and Epstein. She was taken upstairs to a bedroom by 
who set the room up with a 
massage bed and brought out the oils to usc. Epstein then entered the room wearing a towel. He laid on the 
table and picked out a lotion forEto rub on him. At one point during the massage he tried to remove her shirt, 
at which point she became very upset and discontinued the massage. Both 
and E stein had a verbal 
Madvised she received no money for that day. 
also said that 
disagreement, at which time she left without being paid. She got with 
who was sittiiii the 
kitchen and told her "lot's go." 
had told her if she was uncomfortable with what was going on, to let him know and he'll stop. She knew that the 
more ou do the more you get paid. MIadvised that several weeks later she agreed to be taken a second lime 
by 
. Once they arrived at the residence, 
sat in the kitchen and 
took her 
upstairs to the master bedroom again. 
set the room up with a massage bed and brought out the oils to 
use. Epstein then entered the room wearing a towel. Ile laid on the table and picked out a lotion for 
to rub 
on him. At one point during the massage he tried to touch her buttocks. As 
VMS wearing tight jeans and had a 
tight belt on Epstein was unable to touch her buttocks. Epstein then rolled onto his back during the massage and 
then attempted to touch her breasts..then became u set again and told Epstein she didn't want to be touched. 
Mdiscontinued the massage and was paid $200.00.. then went downstairs where 
was waiting 
for her. She told 
sbe wanted to leave. 
said she never returned to the house. stated she is aware 
that her friend, 
was also at the house and had a problem with Epstein. 
I later researched 
, dob S 
and met with her at her residence. During a sworn 
to ed statement, 
stated the following: on or about November 2004 she was approached at 
ligh School by 
EIMI a fellow student. 
asked IME i f she wanted to make money. 
)o agreed and was told she would provide a massage to wealthy man in Palm Beach. 
picked her up 
and drove her to a house in Palm Beach. She was brow ht into the kitchen area of the house. She further stated 
that fellow MM=High 
School students 
and 
(
I
.
)
came with them. They were 
brought into the kitchen where she was introduced to Epstein and other females. 
stated she was 
introduced to a female helper of Epstein, the female was described as white female (wiknown name ), with 
blond hair. She stated that the assistant was familiar with 
. The assistant brought her upstairs into a 
master bedroom area. The assistant set up the massage table and put out lotions to be used. She told NB 
Epstein would be available in a minute. Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel. Epstein removed his 
towel, and laid naked on the massage table and picked a lotion to rub on his thighs and back. 
further 
stated during the massage, Epstein asked her to remove her clothes. She complied and removed her pants and 
blouse. 
didn't remember if she had removed her bra but feels that she did. 
was certain that she 
stayed in her thong underwear. 
continued the massage and at one point she climbed onto the massage 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
day of May, 2006 by 
who is personally known to me. 
State of Florid 
Coun 
of Pal Beach 
Signatur 
ing Officer 
Date: 0 01 006 
Pagel of 22 
EFTA00728895
--- PAGE 8 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency OM FLO 500600 
table, straddling Epstein to massage his back. While doing this her buttocks were touching E steins. 
was instructed to return to the ground at which time Epstein turned to have his chest rubbed. 
v d she 
was sure he was masturbating based on his hand movements going up and down on his penis area. 
did 
not want to look at his penis area because she was uncomfortable. Epstein removed a large white vibrator which 
was next to the massage table and turned it on. a 
stated Epstein began rubbing the vibrator over her thong 
underwear on her vaginal area. Shortly thereafter, Epstein ejaculated and removed himself from the table. He 
walked over to where the shower was and opened the glass door. She waited as he was taking a shower in her 
direct view. When I asked ME 
how old she was when this occurred, she stated she had just turned 
seventeen. At the conclusion of the shower, 
was paid either $350.00 or $400.00. She stated she 
wasn't suit, but knows it was close to $400.00. 
stated she never returned to provide a massage for 
Epstein. 
At approximately 2:10 pm, 
and I met with. dob 
at her residence. Ase 
was only seventeen years of age, I had notified her mother, that she would be interviewed reference. ongoing 
investigation in Palm Beach. I assured her that her daughter was not a suspect. I explained the possibility of her 
being either a witness or victim. Mraadvised she wanted'. to cooperate and consented to the interview. 
During a sworn taped statement, In
 the following: at the age of sixteen during the month of 
September 2L a 40_she was approached by 
for a chance to make money. 
was friends ' 
associates ofal. 
and knew' the same people. 
had been previously told by her friends f
a
-i • 
High School, what 
did for Epstein. 
called a person known tot as= 
and 
scheduled the appointment. 
picked 
up and drove her to Palm Beach to a street called "Brillo Way". 
They drove to the end of the street and entered a large drivewa . The entered the kitchen area of the house and 
met with Epstein. a
 was introduced to Jeff Epstein. 
led 
upstairs to the main bedroom area and 
set up the room with a massage table and set out the oils. 
stated that while going up the stairs and into the 
bedroom she observed numerous photographs of naked young girls. 
dimmed the lights and turned on 
soft music. 
exited the room and Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel. Epstein picked oils 
d 
instructed her to nib his legs, under his buttocks, back and chest area. Epstein asked her to get comfortable. In 
advised she did not remove her clothes. She was wearing tight jeans and a cropped tank top ex using her belly 
area. During the massage, Epstein removed his towel and laid on the massage table naked. As • 
rubbed 
Epstein's chest area, he attempted to reach down her pants to touch her buttocks area however was unable to 
due so due to the tightness of the jeans and a tight belt. I. advised Epstein began to masturbate as she rubbed 
his chest. Epstein moaned as she rubbed his chest. She observed he was continuing to masturbate and 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by 
who is personal!y known to me. 
Signature of Polk Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) 
State of Florid 
Signature 
ing Officer 
Date: 05/01/2006 
Page8of 22 
EFTA00728896
--- PAGE 9 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORM FLO 500600 
attempted to reach up her tank top and touch her breasts.., pulled back and Epstein stopped, howev he 
kept masturbating until he climaxed. He cleaned himself with the towel he was previously wearing. 
was 
paid $200.00 for the massage and left the area. She met with 
who was waiting in I he kitchen area and 
left the house. 
then explained she never provided another massage for E tein. She did however, go to the house 
with 
and 
(M) as they took another friend of 
. 
.
advised she was present
went to work for Epstein. She advised she rode over and sat in the kitchen area with M 
to 
wait for 
. 
advised while they waited for 
the house chef prepared lunch for them as it wa 
almost lunchtime when they went. When 
was finished with the massasLthey left the area. I asked . 
if 
ever told her what would be expected when she provided a massage.. stated yes 
told her 
that a massage would be expectediossibly naked and possibly some touching involved. . 
has no 
training in providin massages. 
spoke about a third and last time she went to Epstein's house. 
drove another girl, 
(sixteen years of age) who is 
friend, to Epstein's house. •stated 
knew that 
. 
had made money massaging P.
 and wanted to make money herself. 
took them in the kitchen 
area of the house and introduced Elto 
. 
and
tookep.stairs to the main bedroom. II 
advised she doesn't know what happened as 
did not speak about what happ 
• the room.. received 
$100.00 from 
for going with her to Epstein's house and recommending 
On October 6, 2005, at 11:45 am, .1 met with 
M, dob 
at =University and 
explained to her why we there to interview her. She advised she was aware of the ongoing investigation. 
stated she had previouslsoken with 
stated she knew that 
who told her she was interviewed by detectives. bursa 
sworn taped statement,
worked for Jeff Epstein in Palm Beach. 
advised she originally had been taken to the Epstein house by 
l=, 
whom she met when they both 
attended 
High School. She began going to the house when she was sixteen years of age and 
stated she had been there a lot of times to provide massages over the past two years. I asked her if she had 
formal training in providing massages, which 
stated she had not. IM advised she was told what was 
expected of her by providing massages and she would have to remove clothing but if she felt uncomfortable just 
to say so and Epstein would stop pushing the issue. 
began providing massages and advised she kept her 
clothes on. She considered Epstein a pervert and he kept pushing to go further and further. 
explained she 
would keep telling him she had a boyfriend and would not he right to her boyfriend. It wasn't until recently that 
IIII began removing her clothes and staying in her thong underwear to provide a massage. 
explained 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by 
who is personally known to me. 
Signature of Police 
fficer (E.S.S. 117.10) 
State of Florida 
Count of Palm each 
Signatur 
ing Officer 
Date: 05/0 
006 
Pagel of 22 
EFTA00728897
--- PAGE 10 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORIN FLO 500600 
Epstein wanted to be rubbed on his back and recently he began turning over and have her rub his chest as he 
masturbated. He would try to touch her breasts as she rubbed his chest. 
l
a
stated "Jeff would try to get away 
with more and more on each massage". a stlic
astein would try to touch her more and on one occasiaa. 
he
ted to use a massager/vibrator on her. MMI drove.' to the hou
he original massa:uda 
left 
her cell phone number and every time E stein would come into town, 
would call her forli 
appointment to "work". Each time she wen 
would meet her at the kitchen door area. Shc would bring 
her upstairs and 
the massage table. 
advised Epstein would ask heastions about herself. Epstein 
knew she w 
and would be attending.. University. Tasked if Epstein knew her real 
age.IS stated Epstein did and didn't care. The most recent massage she provided was on October 1, 2005. 
During the massage, she asked Epstein if she could borrow one of his vehicles to visit her family and boyfriend in 
, Florida. Epstein had told her she could borrow one of his vehicles but later stated he would rent her a 
car. She continued with the massage as Epstein grabbed her buttocks and caressed the buttocks cheeks. 1 
asked 
if she was wearing undergarments to which she rep ie 
cr thong underwear. Once he tried to touch 
her breasts, she would pull away from him and he would stop. 
was asked if he ever used a vibrator on her. 
ISwas aware of the vibrator but advised she never would allow him to use the vibrator on her. She described 
the vibrator as the large white vibrator with a huge head on the tip of the vibrator. She stated he kept the vibrator 
in a closet near the massage table. 
IS stated that on October 3, 2005, she was contacted by Epstein's assistant,-, who ilk 
her 
that Jeff lain had rented her a new Nissan Sentra and she should come by the house to pick it up. 
informed she would have the car fora month. 
stated Epstein knew her car 1,
ot working properly 
and that she had missed appointments in the past because of her car being inoperable. MB explained the 
• • 
currently parked next to th 
University Gym field. I asked her if she ever took any one to the house. 
explained she took 
, a friend of hers who attended 
High Sch 
ho has 
relocated to 
to attend college. 1 asked if she ever allowed another female in the room. 
advised no 
one was brought into the room with her. 
At the conclusion of the interview, 
and I went to the gym area ox 
University and 
located the Silver Nissan Sentra bearing Florida tag 
The vehicle is registered to Dollar Rent a Car 
out of the Palm Beach International Airport. The vehicle was rented by Janusz Banasiack, later learned to be 
Epstein's houseman, and paid with Epstein's credit card. 
On September I I, 2005, %WI'. dob 
was arrested by the Palm Beach Police Department 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
before me this 1" clay of May, 2006 by 
, who is personally known to me. 
State of Florida 
County of Pauli Beach 
Signature7tAi citing Officer 
Signature of Police Lacer 
.S.S. I I 7.10) 
Dade: 05/0 
006 
Pagel43122 
EFTA00728898
--- PAGE 11 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency OM FLO 500600 
for misdemeanor possession of marijuana. During the antstilltold the arresting officer that she had information 
about sexual activity taking place at the residence of Jeffrey Epstein. Additionally, during the ongoing trash pulls 
from Epstein's residence, discarded papers were found which contained 
name and cell phone number. 
On October, 11, 2005, 
and 1 met with Bind obtained a sworn taped statement. 
explained she had been going to Epstein's house since 2002, when she was sixteen years of age. Since then she 
has gone to the house hundreds of times. M stated s 
" 
ber one girl." She ex 
rst visit she was brought to the house by fellow 
ilifi 
High School classmate, 
said she was brought through the kitchen area where s e met 
for the first time. 
was led to 
the master bedroom, Epstein s room. Ill explained that as she was walking up the stairs she observed several 
photographs of naked women &oi/ 
walls and tables of the house. • 
further explained that she was 
brought into the bedroom where 
prepared the room by setting up the massage table and provided the oils 
for her to rub on Epstein. Mexplained she remembered the steam room area, which contained two large 
showers. Epstein entered the room from the steam room area and introduced himself. Epstein lay on the table 
and told her to get comfortable. aemoved her skirt and kept her shirt on. Epstein then instructed her to 
remove her shirt. Eremoved her shirt and remembered she was not wearing a bra. Estated she provided 
the massage wearing only her panties. She continued rubbing his legs, thighs and feet. M advised he turned 
over onto his back. Epstein touched her breasts and began to masturbate. Epstein ejaculated which meant the 
massagiis over. At the conclusio o the massage, 
was paid $200.00. They walked together downstairs 
where 
and 
were waiting. 
statedMireceived . unknown amount of 
money for taking her to Epstein. Epstein instructed to leave her cellular telephone number so that he could 
contact her when he is in town. 
stated that during her many visits a routine was established between her and Epstein. She would enter 
the house and get naked in the bedroom. She would then start with a back massage. Epstein would roll on to his 
hack and allow her to massage his chest area. li stated Epstein would then began to inas=. bate himself and at 
the same time would insert his forgers in her vagina and masturbate her with his fingers. 
explained Epstein 
would continue this process until he ejaculated. He would then utilize a vibrator/mas 
er on her vagina until'. 
climaxed. • 
advised that during her frequent visits, Epstein asked for her real age, 
stated she was sixteen. 
i 
Epstein advised her not to tell anyone her real age. 5 
advised that thin s escalated within the home as Epstein 
would instruct and pay 5 
to have intercourse with his female friend, 
Mexplained the 
intercourse included using strap on dildos, large rubber penis' and otherdevices that Epstein had at his disposal. 
Epstein would watch them have intercourse and masturbate himself. Occasionally, Epstein would then join in 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
State of Florida 
before me this ls' day of May, 2006 by 
Con 
who is personally known to me. 
Signature of Police Officer 
.S.S. 117.10) 
each 
Signatu 
resting Officer 
Date: 0 
006 
Pageijof 22 
EFTA00728899
--- PAGE 12 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORIN FLO 500600 
during the female on female intercourse and provide oral sex to both sand MINI 
This °centred during 
the time &Ewes sixteen years of age. 
advised this continued to escalate during two years. The routine became familiar to 
Epstein's 
assistant fl
 would telephone her every time Epstein was in the Town of Palm Beach and wou
 place 
appointments for her to visit and work for Epstein. Each time something new was introduced, additional monies 
were produced and offered for ato allow the acts to happen. Monsented to perform all these acts but was 
adamant that there was 'understanding with EpSein that no vaginal penetration would occur with his penis. • 
explained that Epstein's penis was deformed. 
=
explained that his penis was oval shaped. ',claimed when 
Epstein's penis was erect, it was thick toward the bottom but was thin and small toward the head portion. 
called Epstein's penis "egg-shaped." Estate-41 Epstein would photograph 
and her naked am 
having sex and proudly display the photographs within the home. 
stated during one visit to Epstein's house 
in which she provided a massage to Epstein, his female friend, 
was also present.. 
provided the massage in which IMENand her would fon a eac others breasts and kiss for Epstein to 
enjoy. Towards the end of this massage, Epstein grabbed 
and turned her over onto her stomach on the 
massage table and forcibly inserted his penis into her vagina. ...stated Epstein began to pump his penis in her 
vagina. "'became upset over this. She said her head was being held against the table forcibly, as he continued 
to pump inside her. She screamed "No!" and Epstein stopped. She told him that she did not want to have his 
penis inside of her. Epstein did not ejaculate inside of her and apologized for his actions and subsequently paid 
her a thousand dollars for that visit. •stated she knows he still displays her photographs through out the house. 
On October 12, 2005, 
and I met with 
Ell, 
dob 
who stated during 
a sworn taped statement, that nothing happened between her and Epstein. 
appeared nervous during the 
interview. I assured her (heti. have spoken with other people who advised differently. 
stated on several 
occasions she provided a massage to E stein. She stated she was brought to the Epstein house in March of 
2005. 
a classmate at 
Iigli School, approached her and asked her if she 
wanted to "work". 
made the arrangements with 
Epstein's assistant. MI, 
who has no formal 
(raining in providing massages, stated she provided a massage, fully clothed for $200.00 . As I sensed hesitancy 
in her answers, I asked 
if she had been contacted by anyone from Epstein's organizations or his house. 
stated she was interviewed already by a private investigator for E tein. He identified himself as "Paul" 
and in
 about the police investigation, and left his telephone numbe
or additional contact. 
provided no additional information, as it appeared her responses were almost scripted. 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
State of Florid 
before me this I d clay of May, 2006 by 
Cou 
Ma
who is personally known to me. 
egnainre o 
o ice • leer 
. 117.10) 
each 
Signature A 
sting Officer 
Date: 05/0 
006 
Page naf 22 
EFTA00728900
--- PAGE 13 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency 01214 FLO 500600 
On November 6, 2005, at approximately 3:30 pm, I met with 
, dot 
at the 
Palm Beach Police Department. 
was identified as a pote ' w iess/victim through information 
obtained during the trash pulls. During the sworn taped statement,
add 
Jeffrey Epstein's 
house one time, approximately two months ago. She was approache 
• 
'rl, 
iiiiiii 
r 
, who was dating 
roommate, for. opportunity to make some quick money.
advised she ne 
some 
quick cash to make the rent that month. She agreed to go to the house. She had been told by 
that 
the massage would have to be done in her underwear. She advised 
drove with her and brought her into the 
house. They walked into the kitchen area, and took the stairs upstairs. 
further stated she was brought 
into a master bedroom area. She advised she recalled seeing portraits of naked women throughout the room. A 
massage table was already out near the sauna/shower area in the master bedroo . 
. in e 
the porn
wearing only a towel and introduced himself as "Jeff." At Epstein's direction, 
and 
removed their 
clothing down to their panties, Epstein laid on his stomach area and they provided 
a on his legs and feet 
area. I asked= if she had any formal massage training and she replie " 
" 
advised she was 
topless and the panties she wore were the boy shorts lace panties. She and 
tinued the massage until the 
last ten minutes of the massage, Epstein, tolds 
to leave the room so that 
could finish the massage. 
= 
got dressed, and left the rooniglein turned over ontoiak. Epstein then removed the towel and 
laid naked . E
quested that 
rub his chest area. 
stated as she did this, Epstein, began 
stated Epstein pulled down her boy short panties, and he produced a large white vibrator 
masturbating. 
with a large head. She stated it was within his reach in a drawer in his master bathroom. He rubbed the vibrator 
on her vaginal area a 
advised he never penetrated her vagina with the vibrator. He continued to rub her 
vagina with the vibrator as he continued to masturbate. 
stated she was very uncomfortable during the 
incident but knew it was almost over. Epstein climaxed and started to rem v 
self from the table. He wiped 
himself with the towel he had on previously and went into the shower area. 
got dressed and met with 
in the kitchen area. Epstein came into the kitchen and provided 
$200.00 for bringing 
paid $200.00 to 
for providing the massage. Ilin 
was told to leave her telephone number with 
Ill
s
for future contact. 
provided her cellular telephone number. 
was asked if she was recently 
contacted about this investigation by an one from the Epstein organization. She repliedalswas called but it was 
for work. She stated she was called by 
for her to return to "w 
" or Epstein. 
stated "work" is 
the term used by= 
to provide the massages and other things. 
advised she declined as she was not 
comfortable in providing that type of "work." 
, 
On November 7 2005 
and I met with 
During a 
sworn taped statement 
stated she met Jeffrey Epstein t ou 
when they were still 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by 
who is personally known to me. 
Signature of Police I ulcer '.S.S. 117.10) 
State of Florida 
Conn of Pal 
Beach 
Signatur 
sting Officer 
Date: 05 
006 
Pa ge Sof 22 
EFTA00728901
--- PAGE 14 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORIN FLO 500600 
attendin 
iigh School. 
would approach females who wished to work for Epstein. 
state s e was o cred to work for Epstein but declined. 
explained that "work" means ve 
massages. She was asked about any formal training in providing massages which she said "no." 
said 
she accompanied 
and other females who were taken to Epstein's house to provide massages. 
further stated she had been to the house a roximately 4 or 5 times in the ast ear. She accompanied 
with 
MN 
and 
Each time the girls were taken 
over, they were previously told they would have to provide a massage, possibly naked. They were also told that 
shouldiiitfirequire them to do anything extra, and they were not comfortable just to tell him and he would 
stop. 
stated 
received $200.00 for each girl she brought over to massage Jeffrey Epstein. 
When T asked which girl appeared to be the youngest, she replied, M, who was really young, fifteen years old at 
the most. 
further stated each time she went to the house, she sat in the kitchen and waited with 
until the massage was over. She further stated that the cook would make lunch or a snack for them as they 
waited. I asked her if there was anything that caught her attention within the home. 
stated there were a 
lot of naked girls in photographs throughout the house. 
On November 8, 2005, at approximately 2:00pm , I met with 
clob 
at the 
approximately two ears ago when she was first approached by 
a classmate at 
stated she had met E stein 
Palm Beach Police Department. During a sworn taped statement 
h School. 
approached her about working for Epstein and providing a massage to him for $200.00. 
bad made the arrangements however was unable to take her the da the arrangements were made. 
had 
take 
also attended 
'gh School and was familiar 
with 13 istein. 
recalled she was brow t there and enters throng t e ack kitchen door. She had met 
with 
assistant 
and another assistant 
brought her upstairs as she observed several 
photographs of naked females throw out the house. 
stated Epstein came in the room, wearing only a 
towel, and laid on the table. 
stated hill 
out the oils he wanted her to use and requested she 
remove her clothing to rovide the massage. 
stated that on the first massage she provided she did not 
remove her clothing. 
stated she had returned several times after that. Each time she returned it was 
more than a massage. 
Epstein would walk into the master bedroom/bathroom area wearing only a towel. He 
would masturbate as she provided a massage. 
stated she was unsure if he climaxed as he masturbated 
under the towel. Additionally, she never looked below his waist. She claimed that Epstein would convince her to 
remove het' clothes. She eventually removed her clothe.s and stayed in her thong panties. On occasion, Epstein 
would use a massager/vibrator, which she described as white in color and a large head. Epstein would rub the 
vibrator/massager on her vaginal area as he would masturbate. 
stated she had been to the house 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
State of Florida 
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by 
Count 
who is personally ]mown to me. 
Signature of Police Officer ( .S.S. 117.10) 
Signatur 
ting Officer 
Date: 05/0 
006 
Paget iof 22 
EFTA00728902
--- PAGE 15 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORIN FLO 500600 
numerous times. 
added she has no formal trainin in providing a massage. 
stated sheigt 
two females durin her visits to rovide massages. 
stated she brought a girl named 
and 
stated she received $200.00 for each girl she brought. 
fro 
High School. 
On November 8, 2005,1 met with, 
W/P, 
at the Palm Beach Police 
Department. During a sworn taped statement, 
stated she had met Jeffrey Epstein approximately one year 
ago. She was approached by a sub'ect known to her as. 
Ehad asked her if she wanted to make money 
providing massages to Epstein. 
had heard that several girls from 
High School 
doing this and making money. She agreed and was taken to the house by 
. 
had introduced her to 
and Epstein and brou t her upstairs to a master bedroom where a n.
a_
lassage table was prepared and the proper 
oils were selected. 
left the room and waited downstairs for her. 
stated Epstein entered the room 
wearing a towel and laid on his stomach. She provided a massage wearing only her thong parities. 
advised Epstein had masturbated every time she provided a massage. She stated Epstein continued to 
masturbate until he climaxed. Once that occurred the massage was over. She felt t e whole situation was weird 
but she advised she was
 $200.00 for providing the massage. She also stated 
was paid $200.00 by 
Epstein for bringing 
stated she had gone a total of 15 times to Epstein's residence to provide a 
massage and things had escalated from just providing a massage. Epstein began touching her on her buttocks and 
grabbed her closer to hint as he masturbated. Epstein also grabbed her breasts and fondled her breasts with his 
hands as she provided the massage. 
stated on one occasion, while she was only seventeen years of age, be 
offered extra monies to have vaginal intercourse. She slated this all occurred on the massage table. 
stated 
Epstein penetrated her vagina with his penis and began having intercourse with her until he reached the point of 
climax. Epstein removed his penis from her vagina and climaxed onto the massage table. 
received 
$350.00 for her massage. I asked her if she had any formal training in providing masse es 
stated she did 
not 
continued to state on one other occasion, Epstein introduced his girlfriend, 
into the massage. 
was brought into room with 
to provide a massage. Epstein bad them kiss and fondle each other 
around the breasts and buttocks as they provided a massage to Epstein. Epstein, watched and masturbated as' 
this occurred. On other occasions, Epstein, introduced the large white vibrator/massager in the massage. Epstein 
stroked the vibrator/massager on 
vagina as she provided the massage. 
On November 14, 2005, 
and I met with 
dob 
During a 
sworn taped statement she advised she started going to the house approximately one year ago and has been there 
approximately five or six times. 
also stated she was sixteen 
ars old when she first went to Epstein's 
house. On her first visit she was brought by a fellow student fro 
'gh School known to her 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
State of Florida 
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by 
Cou 
, who is personally known to me. 
Signature of Folic Offie n • (F.S.S.1.17.10) 
Signature/ 
Date: 05/01/2006 
g Officer 
Page/9422 
EFTA00728903
--- PAGE 16 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORM FLO 500600 
as
 stated 
bi • ought her into the house and she was intr duced to
 then 
brought her upstairs into a master bathroom, located within the bedroom. 
stated she met Epstein in the 
bathroom. He laid on the table and picked the massage oils. She provided the massage as he laid naked on the 
massage bed. She stated she rubbed his calves and back area. Upon 
• 
the massage, Epstein removed 
himself from the massage table and paid her . 3 . 0 for the massage. 
said each subsequent time she 
went to the house, she was notified by= 
that Epstein was in tow and would like her to "work". 
EM stated she returned to the house and was again led upstairs by=i. She pr 
• 
e massage, 
clothed. Mo 
was asked if she ever removed her clothing to Diorite a massage. 
status 
not 
until the third time that she went that she removed her clothing. 
stated she vilified by 
that. 
Epstein wanted her to come to work. She arrived at the house and was l • 
• s by
lir 
. She started 
providing the massage when Epstein asked her to remove her clothing. 
removed her pants, shirt and 
bra. She stayed in her tlu
.
37_ ',antics and continued rubbing Epstein. Epstein turned over onto his back and she 
rubbed his chest area. 
stated she knew he was masturbating himself as she providing the massage, 
a
stated she believed be climaxed based on his breathing. She did not want to view either the climax or 
the fact that he was masturbating. 
stated once the breathing relaxed he got up and told her to get 
dressed. She was paid $300.00 for her services. 
slated on the last time
 to provide a 
massage, she was notified by 
IM 
to come to the house and "work". 
stated she was now 
dating her current boyfriend and did not feel comfortable going. She recalled it was approximately January 2005. 
She said she went, already thinking that this would be the last time. She wait upstairs andiv
o the master 
bathroom. She met with Epstein, who was wearing only a towel, and laid onto the table. 
stalks
Epstein caught her looking at the clock Ou several occasions. Epstein asked her if she was in a hurry. 
stated her boyfriend was in the car waiting for her. 
further stated that Epstein got upset as he wasn't 
enjoying the massage. She told him that she didn't want to continue and she would not be back. Epstein told her 
to leave as she was ruining his massage. 
advised she had no formal training in providing any massages. 
stated although she had a falling out with Epstein, she still received a Christmas bonus from Epstein. 
stated she was wired money from Western "(Mimi for her Christmas bonus. Sulicaresults from 
Western Union revealed money was sent from Jeffrey Epstein on December 23, 2004. 
received 
$200.00 from Epstein for her Christmas bonus. 
Or 
ember 15, 2005, 
and I met with. dob 
During a sworn taped 
statement, 
stated she met Jeffrey E stein over a ear ago. She was sixteen years of age and was 
approached by 
, a fellow 
High School student, who informed her that she could 
make $200.00 providing a massage to Epstein. 
had informed her that she would have to provide this 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
before int this 1" day of May, 2006 by 
,who is personally known to me. 
State of Florida 
Count of Palm r each 
Signatur 
Signature of Police s Ricer 
.S.S. 117.10) 
Date: 05/ 
006 
g Officer 
Paget/ft 22 
EFTA00728904
--- PAGE 17 ---
Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) 
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Ageocy ORIN FIX) 500600 
massagiless. 
made the arrangements with Epstein and his assistants and took II to the house. IN 
stated 
and she entered through a glass door that led into a kitchen. She was taken upstairs by a, 
to a 
master bedroom. She recalled the master bathroom had a large i iink couch, sauna and matching shower. 
Epstein entered into the room wearing only a towel. S 
and 
„
removed their clothing remaining only in 
thong underwear. She further stated that Epstein laid on his chest on the table. The oils were selected on which 
ones to use. Both 
and S 
provided the massage on his legs, back and feet. Forty minutes into the 
massage, Epstein turned over onto his back and re nested 
wait downstairs in the kitchen area for
Epstein instructed. to finish the massage. As 
got dressed,. startinigubbing Epstein's chest. 
left the room, and Epstein began masturbating as 
rubbed Epstein's chest. M 
stated Epstein continued 
masturbating until he climaxed on the towel he was wearing. When asked if he had removed the towel she stated 
he turned the towel around so that the opening would allow him to expose himself. After he cleaned himself off 
with the towel he instructed SI the massage was done and to get dressed and meet with him downstairs. S 
of dressed and met with Epstein in the kitchen area. She was paid $200.00 dollars for providing the massage. 
stated she was aware that 
also received monies for the same thing. The second time she went to the 
house she was again approached by 
advised if she wanted to return to the house to rovide another 
massage. S 
agreed and the arrangements were made by 
for her to return to the house. Ell slated 
drove her to the house and knocked on the same glass door which leads to the kitchen area. They were allowed 
entry into the house b one of the staff members, 
led her upstairs to the master bedroom and master 
bathroom area. 
lefts this time to do the massage alone. Epstein entered the room again wearing only a 
towel. • 
began removing her clothing as she did the last time she was at the house. Epstein instructed her to 
get naked. He laid on the table onto his Stomach as S 
began masst his legs and hack. As. 
finished 
with Epstein's back and legs, Epstein then turned over onto his back. M started to nib his chest and he began 
il .
masturbating. As 
rubbed his chest, Epstein leaned over and produced a massager/vibrator. He turned it on 
and began rubbing
vagina and masturbating himself at the same time. S 
stated she continued to rub his 
chest as this was occurring. She described the vibrator/massager as large grey with a large head. Epstein 
rubbed her vagina for approximately two to three minutes with the massager/vibrator. He then removed the 
vibrator from her vaginal area and concentrated on masturbating himself. SI stated Epstein climaxed onto the 
ilf 
towel again and informed her that the massage was done. 
of dressed and met with 
who was waiting 
in the kitchen area. She received $200.00 for the massage. 
said she never returned to the house and had no 
desire to return to the house. ISI was asked if she received any formal massage training. She advised she had 
no formal training.. was asked if Epstein knew her real age. S 
stated he knew, as he asked her questions 
about herself and high school. He was aware she attended, and is still attending 
.gh School. 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
State of Florida 
before me this I" day of May, 2006 by 
Coun 
of P 
each 
who is personally known to me. 
Signature/ 
Date: 05/01/2006 
g Officer 
Pageqpf 22 
EFTA00728905
--- PAGE 18 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency OM FLO 500600 
During the course of the investigation a search warrant was executed at Jeffrey Epstein's home located at 
358 El Brillo Way in Palm Beach. While in the home I observed the pink and green couch within the master 
bedroom area just as the girls previously mentioned. The stairway, which is located from the kitchen area to the 
master bedroom area, is lined with photos of naked young girls. Additionally, numerous photographs of naked 
young females, some of which appeared to be the girls 1 previously interviewed, were on display throughout the 
house. Also located in the house were various phone message books. The telephone message books have a 
duplicate copy (Carbon Copy) which, once a phone message is written into the book, the top copy is then torn 
on the perforated edge and the carbon copy is left in the book. First names of girls, dates and telephone numbers 
were on the copy of the messages. 1 recognized various numbers and names of girls that had already been 
interviewed. The body of the messages were time of the day that they called for confirmation of "work.: Other 
names and telephone numbers were located in which the bod of the messages were, "I have girls for him" or "1 
have 2 girls for him." These messages were taken b 
, who signed the bottom of the messages. 
During the execution of the warrant, I located a 
High School transcript for Min Epstein's 
bedroom desk. This desk had stationary marked Jeffrey E Epstein. I located a wood colored armoire beside 
Epstein's bed that contained a bottle of "Joy Jelly," which is used to provide a warm massage. Several maccage 
tables were located throughout the second floor of the residence, including a massage table found in Epstein's 
bedroom. On the first floor of the residence I found two covert cameras hidden within clocks. One was located 
in the garage and the other located in the library area on a shelf behind Epstein's desk. A computer was located 
which was believed to contain the ima es from the covert cameras. The computer's hard drive was reviewed 
which showed several images of 
and other witnesses that have been interviewed. All of these 
images appeared to come from the camera positioned behind Epstein's desk. 
mber 13, 2005, 
and I met with. dob 
During a sworn taped 
statement, 
stated that when she was sixteen years old she was takep to Epstein' 
ouse to provide a massage 
for money. 
stated it was before Christmas last 
(2004) when 
associate, 
approached her and 
asked if she needed to make money for Christmas. 
made arrangements to take 
to the house and drove 
■ 
to the house to "work." They were encountere 
y a white female with long blond hair.. was unable to 
remember the name of the white female with blond hair but knew she was Epstein's assistant. She was led 
upstairs by the white female who explained that there would be lotions out already and Epstein would choose the 
lotion he wanted her to use. She was led through a spiral staircase which led to a master bedroom and 
bathroom. The massage table was already set up in the bathroom.. described the bathroom as a large 
spacious bathroom with a steam room and shower beside it. I. was introduced to Epstein who was on the 
phone when she entered the room. Epstein was wearing a white towel and laid on his stomach so that 
may 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
State of Flor'ila 
before toe this 1" day of May, 2006 by 
County of P 
ach 
, who is personally known to me. 
Signature/ 
ng Officer 
Signature of Pollee Officer (F.5.5. 117.10) 
Date: 05/0 
006 
Pagefef 22 
EFTA00728906
--- PAGE 19 ---
Sign attire of Police 
.S.S. 117.10) 
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORIN E1,O 500600 
met Epstein when she was fifteen years of age. She was approached by a friend from 
School, 
, to be taken to Jeffrey Epstein's house to work. She was originally told she would be able 
massage his feet and calves. ■ 
started the massage with the oils Epstein chose and rubbed his feet and calves. 
Epstein got off the phone and requested she massage his back as well... began rubbing his back and got to 
the small of his back. Durinyallie rubbing of his back, Epstein asked her to ge_t
 He requested she 
remove her pants and shirt. 
removed her shirt and pulled her pants off. M. stayed in her bra and thong 
panties. As she finished massaging the small of Epstein's back, he then turned onto his back. Epstein 
about herself la remembered telling him she attended 
instructed. to rub his chest and pinch his nipples. As she be an to rub his chest, Epstein asked her questions 
High School. Epstein asked er if 
she was sexually active. Before. could answer, he also asked what sexual position does she enjoy.
stated she was shy and didn't like talking about those things. She continued rubbing his chest. Epstein reached 
uP and unsnapped her bra from the front. e,
 explained the bra she used had a front snapping device. Epstein 
rubbed her breasts and asked her if she like having her breasts rubbed. 
said "no, I don't like that." Epstein 
then removed his towel and laid on the bed naked exposing his penis to 
. He began touching his penis and 
masturbated as he touched her breasts.. explained Epstein then touched her vaginal area by rubbing her 
vagina with his fingers on the outside of her thong panties.. tensed up and stated Epstein was aware that she 
was uncomfortable. 
stated that Epstein said to her, "Relax, I'm not going inside." She further explained 
Epstein commented to her how beautiful and sexy she was. Epstein then moved her thong panties to one side 
and began stroking her clitoris.. said, "He commented how hard my clit was." He then inserted two fingers in 
her vagina and was stroking her within her vagina. She tried pulling back to pull out his fingers from within her 
vagina. Epstein removed his fingers from within her vagina and apologized for puttin his fingers inside her. 
During this time, he kept his hand on her vaginal area and continued to rub her vagina.. stated he rubbed her 
really hard as he was masturbating. `'said he climaxed onto the towel he had been previously wearing and got 
up from the table. Epstein told her there was $200.00 dollars for her on the dresser within the master bathroom. 
Epstein also told her that there was an additional $100.00 that was to be given toll for bringing her there to 
massage him. Epstein told her to leave her telephone number with his assistant as he wanted to see her again. 
Epstein stated his assistant would contact her to work again soon. I asked her if she ever received any formal 
massage training to which. stated she did not. a 
stated it was the only time she ever went to work for Jeff 
and knew what happened to her was wrong. She further stated that she had never been contacted for any 
additi onal work. 
On January 9, 2006, I located and interviewed another victim,. doh 
e was *dentified 
as a potential victim/witness from information obtained during trash pulls from Epstein's residence. 
stated she 
High 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
before me this 
day of May, 2006 by 
who is personally known to me. 
State of Florida 
Signature/ 
g Officer 
Date: 05/01/2006 
Pageouf 22 
EFTA00728907
--- PAGE 20 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency OR IN FLO 500600 
to model lingerie for a wealthy Palm 'Beecher. I. was taken to Epstein's house located on El BrilloWay. -
introduced. to Jeffirh: 
Epstein. Epstein had his ersonal chef prepare dinner for. and 
. At the 
conclusion of dinner, = 
and Epstein brought Ill upstairs into a master bedroom area. 
observed a large 
massage table with a sheet on it. Epstein entered through a door and exited wearing only a towel. 
informed. that they were oing to provide a massage on Epstein.. asked why were they doing this instead 
of modeling lingerie. 
e lained to. that this was his routine and to rub his calves and feet. Epstein had 
told. to get comfortable. 
removed her pants and blouse.. stated she stayed only in panties as she did 
not wear a bra that evening. 
stated while rubbing his calves and feet, Epstein turned over onto his back. 
Epstein told. to rub his chest and rub his nipples.. stated that as she started rubbing his chest, Epstein 
began masturbating himself . Epstein touched her breasts and stroked her vagina with his fingers. Epstein 
continued to masturbate himself as he stroked her vagina. Epstein ejaculated on his towel and paid CL3200.00 
for the massage. Epstein told. that if she told anyone what happened at his house that bad things could 
o
happen. 
and 
were brought home by Epstein's houseman and. was afraid that Epstein knew where 
II
she lived. 
stated that several days later she received a telephone call from 
who coordinated for 
. 
to return to "work." . 
returned to the house and was brought to Epstein's bedroom area by 
who 
prepared the room for the massage. Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel. Epstein had 
remove her 
clothing and provide the massage naked.. began rubbing his feet and calves and Epstein turned over onto his 
back. Epstein rubbed her vagina with his fingers. Epstein began to masturbate himself with, upwards and 
downward motion on his penis. Epstein continued to touch her vagina with one hand and masturbate with the 
other hand. Once Epstein ejaculated onto the towel he was wearing, the massage was over.. was paid 
5200.00 for the massage. Epstein again told. not to speak of what happened at his house or bad things would 
happen.. wanted to notify authorities however she was afraid of what would happen to either her or her 
family. 
During the course of the investigation, several subjects were identified as a potential witness/victim 
through information obtained during the trash pulls, physical surveillance and telephone message hooks retrieved 
from the search warrant. While conducting research on the subjects, i discovered that the females were age 
eighteen or older. Interviews were conducted on the consenting adults whose statements provided the same 
massage routine when they went to "work" for Epstein. The females would be notified by 
, and 
made appointments for the females to "work" for Epstein. The females would come to Epstein's house and were 
led upstairs, through a stairwell from the kitchen area, by 
to Epstein's bedroom. Epstein would then 
enter the room wearing only a towel, and ask them to get comfortable. The females would then provide the 
massage naked as Epstein would either touch their vaginas with his fingers and/or utilize the massager/vibrator on 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
State of Florida 
before me this 1" day of Petty, 2006 by 
Cou 
who is personally known to me. 
ach 
n i 
..sgnature/ 
ng Officer 
Signature of Police fficer (F.S.S. 117.10) 
Date: 05/0 
006 
P a gt..7.tp f 22 
EFTA00728908
--- PAGE 21 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORIN FLU 500600 
their vaginal area. He would masturbate during the massage and upon his climaxing, the massage would end. "lbe 
girls were then paid two or three hundred dollars for the massage. 
On November 21, 2005 1 interviewed Jose Alessi, a former houseman for Jeffrey Epstein. Alessi stated 
he was employed for eleven years with Mr. Epstein, from approximately 1993 through 2004. Alessi stated he 
was the house manager, driver and house maintenance person. It was his responsibility to prepare the house for 
Epstein s arrival. When asked about cooks or assistants, Alessi stated they traveled with Epstein on his private 
plane. I asked Mr. Alessi about the massages that have occurred at Epstein's home. Alessi stated Epstein 
receives three massages a day. Each masseuse that visited the house was different_ Alessi stated that towards 
the end of his employment, the masseuses were younger and younger. When asked how young, Mr. Alessi 
stated they appeared to be sixteen or seventeen years of age at the most. The massages would occur in Epstein's 
bedroom or bathroom. He knew this because he often set up the massage tables. I asked if there were things 
going on other than a massage. Alessi stated that there were times towards the end of his employment that he 
would have to wash off a massager/vibrator and a long rubber penis, which were in the sink after the massage. 
Additionally, he stated the bed would almost always have to be made after the massage. 
On January 4, 2006 I interviewed another former houseman, Mr Alfredo Rodriguez. During a sworn 
taped statement, Mr. Rodriguez stated he was employed by Jeffrey Epstein for approximately six months, from 
November 2004 through May of 2005. His responsibilities as house manager included being the butler, 
chauffeur, chef, houseman, run errands for Epstein and provide for Epstein's guests. I asked Rodriguez about 
masseuses coming to the house. Rodriguez stated Epstein would have two massages a day. Epstein would have 
one massage in the morning and one massage in the afternoon everyday he was in residence. Rodriguez stated 
he would be informed to expect someone and make them comfortable until either 
or Epstein would 
meet with them. Rodriguez stated once the masseuses would arrive, he would allow em entry into the kitchen 
area and offer them something to drink or eat. They would then be encountered by either 
or 
Epstein. They would be taken upstairs to provide the massage. I asked Rodriguez if any of the masseuses 
appeared young in age. Rodriguez stated the girls that would come appeared to be too our to be masseuses. 
He stated one time under Epstein's direction, he delivered a dozen roses to 
High School for 
one of the girls that came to provide a massage. He knew the girls were still in high school and were of high 
school age. I asked Rodriguez about the massages. He felt there was a lot more going on than just massages. 
He would often clean Mr. Epstein's bedroom after the alleged massages and would discover massagers/vibrators 
and sex toys scattered on the floor. Tie also said he would wipe down the vibrators and sex toys and put them 
away in an armoire. He described the armoire as a small wood armoire which was on the wall close to Epstein's 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
State of Florida 
before me this lit day of May, 2006 by 
Co 
who is personally known to me. 
Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) 
Signatur 
each 
Ling Officer 
Dale: 05/01/2006 
Page21of 22 
EFTA00728909
--- PAGE 22 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORM FLO 500600 
bed. On one occasion Epstein ordered Rodriguez to go to the Dollar rent a ear and rent a car for the same girl 
he brought the roses to, so that she could drive her self to Epstein's house without incident. Rodriguez said the 
girl always needed rides to and from the house. Rodriguez produced a green folder which contained documents, 
and a note with Mr. Estein's stationary with direction to deliver a bucket of roses to
High 
School after 
. Also in that same note was direction to rent a car fo 
and 
direction to extend the rental contract. 
During the course of the investigation, subpoenas were obtained for tell hone and home phone records 
from several victims and witnesses along with the cell phone records of-
Ananasis of these 
records was conducted which found numerous telephone calls were made between 
and the victims. 
These records indicate the dates the calls were made are consistent with the dates and times they 
• 
victims/witnesses stated they were contacted. Specifically, The phone records showed 
called 
during the exact limes and dates whe v 
advised the incident occurred. 
also coordinated 
the encounters with MI 
M 
and 
during the time frame the girls 
stated they occurred. 
Pursuant to a lawful subpoena I obtained Epstein's private plane records for 2005 from Jet Aviation. 
The plane records show arrival and departure of Epstein's plane
 Palm Beach International airport. These 
records were tom mred to the cell phone records of 
This comparison found that all the phone calls 
Kellen made to 
and the victims were made iu the days just prior to their arrival or during the time Epstein 
was in Palm Beach. 
Jeffrey Epstein, who at the time of these incidents was fifty one years of age, did have vaginal intercourse 
either with his penis or digitally with 
and 
, who were minors at the time this occurred, and 
who at the time of the incident was fifty two years of age, did use a vibrator on the external vaginal area oft, a 
fourteen year old minor. Therefore, as 
coordinated and aided in the recruitment of minors to 
frequent Epstein's house so lhat sexual services were provided to Epstein, scheduled the said minors to return to 
the work for Epstein, secured their appointments for the purpose of sexual activity and lewd and lascivious acts 
and arranged the bedroom for said minors, there is sufficient probable cause to charge 
with four 
counts of Principal in the I" degree Unlawful Sexual Activity with a Minor, in violation of Florida State Statute 
794.05(1) , a second degree felony and there is sufficient probable cause to charge her with Lewd and 
Lascivious Molestation, in violation of Florida State Statute 800.04 (5), a second degree felony. 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by 
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me. 
Signature of Polio Office (F.S.S. 117.10) 
State of Florida 
Co 
chi 
Signatur 
ng Officer 
Date: 05 
Pagtzzof 22 
EFTA00728910

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728911.pdf
----------------------------------------
Professional Services Contract 
THIS AGREEMENT is entered into this August 20, 2010 by and between Jeffrey Epstein based at 
6100 Red Hook Quarter Suite B-3 St. Thomas, Virgin Islands 00802 hereinafter referred to as "CLIENT" 
and Newgrange Consulting Group LLC, an incorporated business entity organized under the Newgrange 
Consulting Group LLC an incorporated business entity organized under the laws of the 
Commonwealth of Massachusetts with a regular place of business located at 43 Charles Street, Suite 3, 
Boston, MA 02114, hereinafter referred to as the "CONSULTANT" , do hereby agree as follows: 
I.) CONSULTANT, pursuant to the provisions of this agreement, is retained by CLIENT to 
provide public relations, media relations, community relations, public affairs and strategic 
consulting services for the CLIENT. See Professional Services Agreement, attached. 
AGREEMENT OUTLINES DUTIES TO BE PERFORMED. 
2.) As full and complete payment for CONSULTANT'S services and for the discharge of all 
CONSULTANT'S obligations hereunder, CLIENT shall pay CONSULTANT according to the 
following schedule: 
3.) Fees: CLIENT shall pay the CONSULTANT a retainer of Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($15,000) 
on the first of each month beginning September 1, 2010 for performance of the services specified 
in 1, above. 
4.) Expenses: CONSULTANT will provide at its own all ordinary and personal items as may be 
necessary or appropriate to the rendering of the services herein contemplated. CLIENT will not 
be responsible for payment or reimbursement of any fees or expenses of CONSULTANT, 
excepting for those fees and expense items specifically authorized or otherwise set forth in this 
agreement and as specified in services/work. CLIENT will reimburse CONSULTANT for all 
reasonable expenses incurred which are incidental to the services performed hereunder and which 
have been agreed upon in advance by CLIENT and CONSULTANT. 
5.) Billing and Payment: Payment of fees and reimbursement for expenses incurred will be made 
within 15 days after receipt of an invoice by CLIENT. First invoice for Fifteen Thousand Dollars 
($15,000) will be submitted no later than September I, 2010. If expenses are incurred, said 
expenses will be invoiced no later than thirty (30) days after the last invoice. 
6.) Invoices: All invoices must specify the invoice total and period covered. Expenses must be 
itemized and substantiated by the attachment of receipts for all expense items. 
7.) Employment: It is understood that CONSULTANT is an independent professional contractor 
and that CONSULTANT will not in any event be construed as or hold themselves to be 
employees of CLIENT. It is further agreed that at no time will the CONSULTANT or the work 
efforts of the CONSULTANT be under the supervision or control of CLIENT, although 
CONSULTANT agrees to comply with all reasonable requests and regulations applicable to any 
other business invitee of CLIENT. It is also agreed that CONSULTANT, as an independent 
contractor, is not restricted to working exclusively for CLIENT during the term of the agreement. 
8.) Ownership or Work. Works shall be considered made-for-hire under the United States 
Copyright Act and, at all stages of development, shall be and remain the sole and exclusive 
property of CLIENT. CONSULTANT further agrees to take all actions and execute and deliver 
all documents requested by CLIENT in order to evidence the assignment of CLIENT's rights in 
and to the Work. 
EFTA00728911
--- PAGE 2 ---
9.) Insurance and Taxes: CONSULTANT is responsible for Workers Compensation, Disability, 
Unemployment, Automobile Insurance, and any other insurance required by the State of 
Massachusetts. CONSULTANT is also responsible for payment of State and Federal taxes, and 
any other applicable tax. CONSULTANT is not eligible for any benefits CLIENT may provide 
for its employees. 
10.) Confidentiality: The parties hereto acknowledge that during the course of CONSULTANT's 
service to CLIENT pursuant to this agreement, it will become necessary or desirable for CLIENT 
to disclose to CONSULTANT a substantial amount of CLIENT Proprietary Information. 
CONSULTANT fully understands that the maintenance of such information in strict confidence 
and the confinement of its use to CLIENT is of vital importance to CLIENT. CONSULTANT 
agrees that the information and knowledge divulged to the CONSULTANT by CLIENT or which 
CONSULTANT acquires in connection with or as a result of CONSULTANT's services 
hereunder will be regarded by CONSULTANT as confidential. 
11.) Records: CONSULTANT recognizes that all records and copies of records regarding 
CLIENT's operations, investigations and business made or received by CONSULTANT during 
the period of this agreement are and will be the exclusive property of CLIENT, and 
CONSULTANT will keep the same at all times in CONSULTANT's custody and subject to 
CONSULTANT'S control, and will surrender the same to CLIENT immediately upon the request 
of CLIENT, or upon completion to agreed upon services. 
12.) Indemnification: CONTRACTOR hereby undertakes and agrees to forever indemnify and 
hold harmless CLIENT, its subsidiaries and officers, agents, and employees the CLIENT, from 
any and all such losses, expenses, damages (including loss of use), demands and claims, and shall 
defend any suit or action brought against them, or any of them, based on any alleged injury 
(including death) or damage (including loss of use) arising out of performance of the work under 
this Agreement and shall pay all damages, judgments, costs, and expenses including attorney's 
fees in connection with said damages and claims resulting there from. The foregoing assumption, 
indemnification, hold harmless and undertaking of defense shall not apply to any loss, damage, 
expense, demand, claims or cause of action arising out of, or caused by the sole negligence of the 
CLIENT, its subsidiaries or officers, agents, or employees of CLIENT. 
13.) Termination: This agreement is effective on the above date entered into and will terminate upon 
satisfactory completion of agreed upon services, but no later than three (3) months after the 
effective date. CLIENT or CONSULTANT may terminate this agreement without cause upon 
thirty (30) days written notification to the other party at the address shown in this agreement. 
CLIENT may terminate this agreement immediately upon CONSULTANTS refusal to, or 
inability to perform under the agreement or CONSULTANT's breach of this agreement. Further, 
this agreement shall be terminated automatically in the event of CONSULTANT'S death. On 
termination of this agreement, CLIENT's obligation to pay CONSULTANT, except for services 
already accrued or incurred, will forthwith cease and terminate. 
14.) Extension: If mutually agreeable to CLIENT and CONSULTANT, this agreement may be 
extended. Such extension will be documented by written amendment, duly signed and dated by 
both parties. 
15.)Assignment: Neither party to this agreement may assign, sell or transfer any part thereof to any 
other firm or entity without first obtaining the written permission of the other party hereto. 
EFTA00728912
--- PAGE 3 ---
This agreement has been negotiated, executed and delivered in the State of Massachusetts. The parties 
hereto agree that all questions pertaining to the validity and interpretation of this agreement will be 
determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Massachusetts. 
This agreement and referenced attachments constitute the entire contract of the parties hereto and 
supersedes any prior agreement between the parties. 
Dated 
, and executed at City of Boston, State of Massachusetts 
By: Jeffrey Epstein 
By: James P. McGee 
President 
Newgrange Consulting Group 
Signature 
Signature 
EFTA00728913
--- PAGE 4 ---
AGREEMENT OUTLINES DUTIES TO BE PERFORMED 
Specifically, CONSULTANT shall be responsible for providing the following services on 
behalf of CLIENT: 
Task 1— Overall branding and image development for Jeffrey Epstein; 
Task 2 — Assist CLIENT with local press and media relations in conjunction with overall image 
development; 
Task 3 — Assist CLIENT with coordination of local press and media relations tied to CLIENT 
sponsored events; 
Task 4 — Management of community relations and public affairs activities; 
Task 5 — Work with CLIENT to develop a public relations/marketing plan to raise awareness of 
CLIENT'S goals and objectives in the media and with other stakeholder organizations. 
EFTA00728914

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728915.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728915.pdf
----------------------------------------
BIOIMPACT, INC. 
P.O. BOX 132 
KINGSHILL, ST. CROIX 
U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 00851 
340 773-5881 340 773-3246 FAX 340 773-6829 
bioimnactAislands.vi 
August 19, 2009 
Darren Indyke 
LSJ, LLC 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Re: Resolution of U.S.Army Corps Issues 
The following is the proposal to assist in the final resolution of the U.S. ACOE Non-
Compliance and after the fact permitting. This will include any final coordination 
between the COE and LSJ. This does not include Section 7 consultation if required by 
NMFS or FWS. 
We anticipate that it should take no more than 20 additional hours to complete all 
coordination, therefore we expect the cost and expenses should not exceed $4000.00. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Amy Claire Dempsey, M.A, 
President, Bioimpact, Inc. 
EFTA00728915

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728916.pdf
----------------------------------------
Proposed Term Sheet 
Prior Investment in Greenjets 
Equity 
Debt 
Management "in-kind" 
1.172mm 
.638mm 
.956mm 
Existing Capital Structure 
Equity: 
(0.675mm) 
Debt: 
0.560mm 
Shares outstanding: 
1,694,756 
Book value per share: 
(39.83¢) 
Proposed New Capital Investment: 
2.5mm 
Use of Funds: 
• 
Marketing/Advertising (3 new markets) 
0.9mm 
• 
Operating deficit 
0.6mm 
• 
Contingency (invested as required) 
1.0mm
2.5mm 
EFTA00728916
--- PAGE 2 ---
Recapitalization Process 
I) $560,000 in debt is converted into 55% of the company, or 2,071,368 shares 
(270/share) 
2) New capital investedkommited of $2.5mm at 20¢/share, or 12,500,000 shares. 
3) Resulting ownership: 
Initial equity investors: 1,694,756 shares (10.4%) 
Hayes (debt conversion): 2,071,368 shares (12.7%) 
New Investors: 12,500,000 shares (76.8%) 
Total shares: 16,266,124 
4) Resulting Capital Structure 
Equity $2.385mm ($1mm contingent) 
Debt $0 
Book value per share 14.60/share 
Additional terms: 
• 
Subject to satisfactory financial due diligence 
• 
Subject to satisfactory operational and management due diligence 
• 
Subject to reviewing and agreeing a market expansion plan for 3 
additional markets over the next twelve months, including specific 
marketing plans 
• 
Subject to reviewing and agreeing 36 month financial projections, with 
appropriate break-even date 
• 
Subject to establishing an appropriate incentive plan for management 
• 
SImm in contingent investment is subject to meeting established 
targets for growth, gross margin, and net margin: solely at the option 
of the majority of investors 
• 
Existing investors may invest as part of new investment group 
• 
Board of Directors: The Board will consist of seven members: 1 
member of management, 1 nominee of Hayes, I independent, and 4 
nominees of the new investor group 
EFTA00728917

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728918.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728918.pdf
----------------------------------------
BRISTOL 
A SSOC/A TES. INC. 
VIA TELECOPY---
Wednesday, October 14, 2009 
Bank of America Leasing 
CIO Mr. Joe Carfagna 
Leading Edge Aviation 
Water view Boulevard 
Parsippany NJ 07054 
RE: 
Gulfstream V serial number 592 
Gentlemen: 
Hyperion Air Inc. (the "Purchaser") hereby tenders its offer to purchase 
(the "Aircraft") from Bank of America Leasing Inc., (the "Seller") under the following 
terms and conditions: 
1. 
The purchase price shall be Nineteen Million, Seven Hundred and Fifty 
Thousand Dollars and No/100 ($19,750.000.00), payable by wire transfer of 
immediately available funds at time of delivery. 
2. 
Within one (1) business day of receipt of written notice of Seller's execution of 
this letter, Purchaser shall wire transfer to an escrow account with Insured 
Aircraft Title Service, a Good Faith deposit (the "Deposit") of $500,000.00 
pending satisfactory contracting and Purchaser's initial and final inspection of 
the Aircraft. If either (i) the results of either of Purchaser's inspections are 
unsatisfactory to Purchaser, in its sole discretion or (ii) Purchaser and Seller are 
unable to reach agreement on the Definitive Purchase Contract, or (iii) Seller is 
unable to prove to Purchasers satisfaction that Seller holds good and 
merchantable title to the Aircraft, the $500,000.00 Deposit shall be refunded to 
Purchaser by Insured Aircraft Title Service. The Deposit shall become non-
refundable only by the terms of the final contract. The Aircraft shall be removed 
from the marketplace upon execution of this letter by Seller. 
3. 
Seller shall deliver the Aircraft to Purchaser free and clear of all liens, claims, 
taxes and encumbrances of every description whatsoever. Delivery shall occur 
at Wilmington, Delaware or such other place as the Parties agree at a mutually 
agreeable time and date, but in no event later than November 15, 2009. 
1023 15th Street, NW • Suite 1100 • Washington, DC 2000S 
Voice: (202) 682-1000 • Fox: (202)682-1809 
www.brittolossociotes.corn 
EFTA00728918
--- PAGE 2 ---
BRISTOL 
ASSOCIAJES.
 SSOC/A TES. INC. 
4. 
This letter agreement is subject to Purchasers initial inspection and acceptance 
of the Aircraft on or about October 20, 2009 and execution of a Definitive 
Purchase Agreement in a form acceptable to Seller and Purchaser and their 
Counsels within seven (7) working days of execution of this letter agreement. In 
the event the contract and initial inspection have not been finalized within seven 
(7) working days, and Seller and Purchaser should not mutually agree to extend 
the time, then the Deposit made hereunder shall be returned to Purchaser and 
this letter agreement, and any resulting obligations between the Parties shall 
immediately terminate. 
5. 
Seller agrees to deliver the Aircraft to Purchaser in an airworthy condition, 
including but not limited to the following items: 
a. The Aircraft shall include the equipment listed on the specifications. 
b. The Aircraft shall be airworthy in all respects and shall be current on the 
factory maintenance program. 
c. All issued airworthiness directives and mandatory service bulletins shall 
be complied with prior to delivery. 
d. The Aircraft shall have all systems functioning within normal 
manufacturer's limitations. 
e. The Aircraft shall have no major corrosion and no material damage 
history. 
f. The Aircraft shall include an FAA-approved aircraft flight manual, 
manufacturer's maintenance and inspection manual, a parts catalog, 
engine and airframe logs, all of which shall be current and complete from 
date of manufacture to date of closing, all interior and wiring diagrams 
and supporting technical publication, and all other documentation and 
technical information in Seller's possession or under its control relating to 
the Aircraft. 
g. Seller shall include with the Aircraft all available spare parts and tooling. 
6. 
Within three (3) days of execution of the Definitive Purchase Agreement, upon 
first available inspection slot thereafter, Seller shall move the Aircraft to a 
maintenance facility of Purchaser's choice where Purchaser, at its sole cost and 
discretion, shall cause the pre-purchase maintenance facility to perform a pre-
purchase inspection to determine that the Aircraft is in compliance with the 
terms and conditions of this letter agreement and that the Aircraft is acceptable 
1023 15th Street, NW • Suite 1100 • Washington, DC 2000S 
Voice: (202) 682-1000 • Fox: (202) 682.1809 
www.bristoiossociotes.com 
EFTA00728919
--- PAGE 3 ---
BRISTOL 
ASSOC/A TES. INC. 
to Purchaser. Said inspection shall include an acceptable flight test to 
determine that all systems are functioning properly in accordance with the 
manufacturer's operational criteria. 
Purchaser, at its sole discretion, shall either accept or reject the Aircraft by 300 
P.M. Eastern Time on the second working day following Purchaser's receipt of 
the pre-purchase maintenance facility's written report of results of the pre-
purchase inspection. Should the pre-purchase facility discover any 
discrepancies whose repair would be required in order for the Aircraft to comply 
with the Purchasers acceptance of the Aircraft, then Purchaser's acceptance of 
the Aircraft shall so note, and Seller shall be responsible for the correction of 
those discrepancies at its sole cost and responsibility prior to delivery of the 
Aircraft at closing. 
7. 
Purchaser and Seller agree that all aspects of this transaction including the pre-
purchase inspection, the terms and conditions and parties of this agreement and 
any ensuing purchase agreement shall remain confidential between the parties 
and their agents. 
8. 
No commissions are to paid to anyone with the exception of Bristol Associates, 
Inc. (the "Broker"), and Seller shall pay all such commissions and fees that may 
be due to Broker. Seller and Purchaser mutually represent and warrant that 
they have dealt with no other broker of finder in connection with this transaction 
and no other person is entitled to any commission or fee therefrom. Each party 
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless to other party from any loss, liability or 
expense as a result of any breach by such party of this warranty. 
9. 
This letter agreement shall expire if not accepted in writing by 4:00 PM Eastern 
Time on October 14, 2009. 
1023 15th Street, NW • Suite 1100 • Washington, DC 20005 
Voice: (202)682-1000 • Fox: (202)682.1809 
www.bristolassociates.com 
EFTA00728920
--- PAGE 4 ---
BRISTOL 
a
 res.
INC. 
Very truly yours, 
AGREED AND ACCEPTED THIS 
DAY OF 
PURCHASER: 
SELLER: 
BY: 
BY: 
1023 I 5th Street NW • Suite 1100 • Washington, DC 20005 
Voice: (202) 682-1000 • Fox: (202) 682.1809 
www.bristolassociates.com 
EFTA00728921

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728922.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092, 
RE-NOTICE OF TAKING DEPOSITION DUCES TECUM 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 34, the undersigned will take 
the deposition of the following individual on the date, time and location listed below: 
Deponent 
Date and Time 
Location 
Richard Kahn 
130 E. 75th Street 
Apt. 7E-E 
New York, NY 10021 
Tuesday, 
April 20, 2010 
@ 10:00 a.m. 
Veritext Corp. 
1250 Broadway 
Suite 2400 
New York, NY 10001 
under oral examination before Veritext Corp., or any other officer authorized by law to take 
depositions in the State of New York. The oral examination will continue from day to day until 
completed. This deposition is being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for 
such other purposes as are permitted under the applicable rules of the court. The deponent is 
EFTA00728922
--- PAGE 2 ---
further directed to bring with him or her to the deposition documents described in Schedule "A" 
to the attached subpoena. 
Dated: March ; it, 2010 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
Adam D. Horowitz (FL Bar No. 376980)
S. Mermelstein (FL Bar No. 947245) 
Jessica D. Arbour (FL Bar No. 67885) 
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami, Florida 33160 
Tel: (305) 931-2200 
Fax: (305) 931-0877 
EFTA00728923
--- PAGE 3 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
WE HEREByrkERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing has been sent via email 
transmission, this Zq  day of March, 2010 to the following: 
Robert D. Critton, Jr, Esq. 
Bradley James Edwards 
Isidro Manuel Garcia 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Katherine Warthen Ezell
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell 
Richard Horace Willits 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
EFTA00728924

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728925.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendant. 
MOTION OF DEFENDANT JEFFREY ESPTEIN TO QUASH SERVICE OF PROCESS 
AND SUPPORTING MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, by and through undersigned counsel, respectfully moves pursuant 
to Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(bX5) to quash service of process, and without waiving any available 
jurisdictional defenses and without making a general appearance, states as follows: 
SUMMARY OF ARGUMENT 
Plaintiff, M.J., attempted to effect service on Mr. Epstein by leaving a copy of the Summons 
and Complaint in an unmarked, unaddressed and unpostmarked envelope in a mailbox at Mr. 
Epstein's vacation house at 9 East 71" Street, New York, New York, at an unknown time between 
October 8, 2010 and October 13, 2010. Such "service" does not comply with the requirements for 
service of process under New York, Florida or federal law. The attempt at service of process was 
ineffective. Service of process should be quashed. 
BACKGROUND 
1. 
The Complaint in this action was filed, and a summons was issued as to Jeffrey 
EFTA00728925
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 9:10-cv-8111 I -WPD 
Epstein, on September 17, 2010. 
2. 
On Wednesday, October 13, 2010, an unmarked, unaddressed and unpostmarked 
envelope was discovered in the mailbox at Mr. Epstein's vacation home at 9 East 71g Street, New 
York, New York. The envelope contained a Summons and Complaint in the subject action, a Civil 
Rico Case Statement, a deposition subpoena, notices of video depositions, interrogatories and 
requests for production. (A ff. Richard Barnett). 
3. 
Service was never delivered to anyone at Mr. Epstein's vacation home in New York. 
(Id.). 
4. 
There is no return of service in the court file. 
ARGUMENT 
NO PROPER SERVICE UNDER FLORIDA, NEW YORK OR FEDERAL LAW 
In a diversity action, three methods of service of process are authorized by the Federal Rules 
of Civil Procedure. First, service can be effected pursuant to the procedures "in the state where the 
district court is located" — i.e. Florida. See Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)( I ). Second, service can be effected 
in accordance with the procedures "in the state . . . where service is made" — i.e. New York. Id. 
Finally, service can be effected pursuant to federal procedures by delivering a copy of the summons 
and complaint to the individual personally, leaving a copy of same at the individual's dwelling "with 
someone of suitable age and discretion who resides there" or delivering a copy to an agent authorized 
to accept service of process. See Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(eX1). Service was not properly effected pursuant 
to any of these three methods of service available to Plaintiff. 
No Proper Service Under Florida Law. Under § 48.031(1)(a), Fla. Stat., service "is made 
EFTA00728926
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
by delivering a copy of it to the person to be served with a copy of the complaint, petition, or other 
initial pleading or paper or by leaving the copies at his or her usual place of abode with any person 
residing therein who is 15 years of age or older and informing the person of their contents. . . ." 
Leaving an unmarked envelope with a summon and complaint in a mailbox at a vacation residence 
does not comply with § 48.031(1)(a), Fla. Stat. 
No Proper Service Under New York Law. Under New York law, personal service may be 
made inter alia on an individual by delivering the summons and complaint to the defendant or "to 
a person of suitable age and discretion at the actual place of business, dwelling place or usual abode 
of the [defendant]," and by mailing the summons and complaint to the person to be served at his last 
known address by first class mail. N.Y.C.P.L.R. §308(2). (McKinney 2008). Proof of such service 
must be "filed with the clerk of the court designated in the summons within twenty days of either 
such deliver or mailing, whichever is effected later." Id. Neither of these procedures was followed 
in the instant case. Merely leaving an unmarked envelope with a summons and complaint in a 
mailbox does not comply with New York law on service of process. 
No Proper Service under Federal Law. Under Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)(2), service is effected by 
delivering a copy of the summons and complaint to the defendant personally; by leaving a copy of 
same at the "individual's dwelling or usual place of abode with someone of suitable age and 
discretion who resides there; or by delivering a copy of same "to an agent authorized by appointment 
or by law to receive service of process." There is no question that service was not effected pursuant 
to any of foregoing provisions of federal law. 
Accordingly, service of process must be quashed because it was completely ineffective under 
EFTA00728927
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
Florida, New York and federal law. 
WHEREFORE, Defendant Jeffrey Epstein respectfully requests that service of process be 
quashed. 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/Christopher E. Knight 
Christopher E. Knight 
Fla. Bar No. 607363 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Fla. Bar No. 195677 
ner 
Fla. Bar No. 462111 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th Floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131-3302 
Telephone: (305) 789-9200 
Facsimile: (305) 789-9201 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on October 29, 2010, I electronically filed the foregoing document with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record or pro se parties identified on the attached Service List in the manner 
specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some 
other authorized manner for those counsel or parties who are not authorized to receive electronically 
EFTA00728928
--- PAGE 5 ---
Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/Christopher E. Knight 
Christopher E. Knight 
SERVICE LIST 
v. Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards 
Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone: (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile: (954) 524-2822 
Attorneys for Plaintiff M.J. 
Served via CMIECF 
EFTA00728929

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728930.pdf
----------------------------------------
RESTATEMENT OF TORTS - 
§ 2.01 Consent [34-38] 
[Al Overview 
Consent is a defense to intentional tort liability. If the asserted victim gives permission, 
what would otherwise be tortious is instead privileged. [See Restatement § 892.] 
DM Express and Implied Manifestations of Consent 
An individual can convey consent expressly in words or through pictorial gestures. 
Alternatively, an individual can imply consent. Consent is implied when, under the 
circumstances, the conduct of the individual reasonably conveys consent. [See, e.g., 
O'Brien v. Cunard S.S. Co., 28 N.E. 266 (Mass. 1891).] 
[C] Consent by Law 
Consent can also be implied by law. Generally courts recognize by law consent to 
emergency medical treatment by health professionals when a victim is unconscious and 
unable to provide consent. 
101 Invalidating Manifestations of Consent 
Incapacity 
EFTA00728930
--- PAGE 2 ---
Both express and implied manifestations can be held invalid. An individual can be held 
to lack capacity to consent. A child, depending on her age, may consent only to less 
significant matters. 
An individual without sufficient mental capacity due to insanity or retardation may not 
legally consent. Incapacity can also be the result of drug ingestion (including alcohol). 
[See, e.g., Bailey v. Belinfante, 218 S.E. 2d 289 (Ga. Ct. App. 1975).] 
[21 Action Beyond Scope of Consent 
Consent is also invalidated if the action goes beyond the consent manifested. What 
constitutes the dimensions of the consent can often be a different issue of fact. [See, e.g., 
Hackbart v. Cincinnati Bengals, Inc., 601 F.2d 516 (10th Cir. 1979).] 
Since medical treatment requires consent, the determination of the effective actual 
consent is critical in this context. A medical procedure without the patient's consent can 
constitute a battery. [See, e.g., Mohr v. Williams, 104 N.W. 12 (Minn. 1905).] The 
failure to inform the patient of risks when procuring consent is now, however, usually 
treated under negligence. 
[31 Fraud 
Consent is invalid if it is induced by fraud that misrepresents an essential aspect of the 
interaction. 
141 Duress 
Consent procured under physical threat is invalid. However, as a general rule, economic 
pressure, while coercive, does not negate consent. 
EFTA00728931
--- PAGE 3 ---
I5I Illegality 
The traditional majority rule holds that a person cannot consent to a criminal act; the 
consent is always invalid. Taking the minority position, the Restatement holds that a 
person can consent to a criminal act for purposes of tort liability. The consent is still 
valid except where the criminal law is specifically designed to protect members of the 
victim's class. [See Restatement §§ 60, 61.] 
EFTA00728932

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728933.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728933.pdf
----------------------------------------
ELINA KALNINA 
Energetic and self-motivated college graduate with previous experience in an office setting. Organized, 
responsible, and recognized as a quick learner with good judgment and a positive, team-oriented attitude is 
seeking a challenging position to utilize current skills and abilities with the opportunity for professional growth. 
EDUCATION 
Saint Peter's College, Jersey Gty, NJ 
M.BA., Managerial Information Systems (MIS) 
May 2008 (Achieved GPA 3.65/4.00) 
Bachelor of Science, International Business & Trade 
August 2005 (Overall GPA 3.42) 
RELEVANT COURSE WORK 
E-Commerce Technology, Software Tools for Managers, Database and Knowledge Mgmt Systems, Corporate 
Finance, Global Business Policy, Managerial Accounting 
SKILLS SUMMARY 
- Applications in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook, Access, Project) 
- Internet Research, Network Connectivity, and Adobe Photoshop 
- Languages: fluent in Latvian and Russian 
EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCE 
Uni Girona Basketball Club, Girona, Spain 
(Aug 2008 — Feb 2009) 
Played professionally in the Spanish Basketball League - Liga Femenina 2 (LF 2) 
- Number 1 team in the league, unbeaten for a record 11 games 
- Kept the motivation of the team high by interacting with all members (even with the language barrier) and 
assisting the younger players improve their game 
- Collaborated in the team effort as well as individually by providing assistances and... 
T and L Events, Inc., 244 West 54th St, Sue 1204, New York, NY 
(May 2007 - July 2008) 
Provided eventftradeshow support as an assistant. Worked awards-ceremonies as a trophy presenter. Assisted in 
various corporate events. 
Saint Peter's College, 
Jersey City, NJ 
Office Manager - Women's Division I Basketball Office 
Provided office support to the coaching staff in the following capacity: 
- responded to phone inquires, organized and kept a record of team files 
- responsible for inter-team communications 
(Sep 2004 — May 2005) 
Mathematics Tutor 
(Nov 2003 — May 2004) 
Provided tutoring support to athletes in Calculus, Algebra, and Statistics. Reviewed homework assignments in all 
math-related subjects. Prepared students for tests and exams, and monitored their progress. 
AWARDS
• Named to MAAC Women's Basketball All-Academic Team 2007 and 2005 
• Recognized Student-Atlhete by NCAA and NCAS 2007 
• Awarded Athletic Scholarship by St. Peter's College (2003-07) and Central Connecticut State Univ (2001-03) 
EFTA00728933

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728934.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fowler WhiteA,B
4O,11,ErysnATeLtAt >fr 
October 25, 2010 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Mr. Darren Indyke 
New York, NY 10065 
Re: av
resentation of Jeffrey Epstein 
. Jeffrey Epstein and 
USDC Case No. 10-CV-81111 
Dear Mr. Epstein and Mr. Indyke: 
Espirito Santo Plaza 
Fourteenth floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131 
www.fowlepwhite.com 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
This letter will serve to confirm our discussion regarding our fee arrangement 
in the above-referenced matter. This agreement shall become effective upon my 
receipt of this document signed by you. By signing this agreement you acknowledge 
that you have carefully read and fully understand all of the terms of this agreement, 
intending to be legally bound. 
I advised you that you would be billed at a rate of between Five Hundred 
Twenty-five Dollars ($525.00) an hour to Ninety-five Dollars ($95.00) an hour for 
the services of various attorneys and legal assistants. This rate is a pure hourly rate 
which includes telephone calls, dictation of letters, research, pleadings, court 
appearances, discovery and conferences, if necessary. 
In addition to the aforesaid attorney's fees, you will be responsible for the 
payment of all costs and out-of-pocket expenses which we incur or advance on your 
behalf in such amounts as we shall determine best in representing you in these 
proceedings. These costs and expenses shall include, without limitation, long 
distance telephone calls, postage, photocopies, out-of-county travel expenses 
(including meals and lodging), deposition expenses (including court reporter's 
attendance fees and transcript costs), and court costs (such as filing fees, service of 
process fees, subpoena costs, witness fees, etc.). Accounting, appraisal fees and 
expert witness fees of every nature which we deem necessary to assist in the 
preparation and proper handling of your case will only be expended upon your 
express authorization. 
305.789.9279 direct 
305.728.7579 fax 
Miami • Fort Lauderdale • West Palm Beach 
EFTA00728934
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
The attorney's fee provided for in this agreement is not a contingent fee. It 
will be your responsibility and payable by you in all events. All bills for services 
rendered and costs incurred or advanced shall be payable by you within thirty (30) 
days from the date of the billing statement, and will accrue interest at the rate of 8% 
if past due. Any non-compliance with this fee arrangement will result in our 
withdrawal from our representation of you in this matter. Any objections to items on 
the invoice shall be resolved within twenty (20) days after the bill is received. 
In the event our representation is discontinued, the total amount owed by you 
shall be paid in full as of the date of such event and prior to the release of any 
documents, property or monies. Prior to said release, we may retain all documents in 
our possession belonging to you as a retaining lien; or property or monies in our 
possession as a charging lien, until we have been fully paid. You grant to us the right 
to an attorneys' charging lien on all property, real, personal or other things of value 
in which you may own an interest, as security for the payment of our attorneys' fees 
and costs. 
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this retainer agreement 
or the breach thereof shall be settled by arbitration by the American Arbitration 
Association in accordance with the Association's Commercial Arbitration Rules and 
Chapter 682, Florida Statutes. The arbitrator's award shall be binding, final and 
conclusive and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in 
any Court having jurisdiction of the parties and subject matter. 
The provisions of this retainer agreement shall apply only to the matter 
referenced above and, unless otherwise specifically provided in writing, our 
representation shall be for all pre-trial matters and all other matters in the trial court 
only. 
If appellate proceedings are instituted, or if you desire that appellate 
proceedings be instituted, whether interlocutory or plenary, further fee and retainer 
arrangements will need to be made in writing between us. If we shall continue 
representation of you after Final Judgment or our initial undertaking is completed, 
then unless we have written arrangements to the contrary, all of the provisions hereof 
shall apply and we shall each be bound by the terms hereof. 
Please review the terms of this retainer agreement, sign below, and return to 
my office. Thank you for your cooperation in this regard. 
Sincerely, 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Fowler White Burnett P.A. 
EFTA00728935
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
The above and foregoing has been READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED 
upon. 
Dated: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Dated: 
Mr. Darren Indyke 
Counsel to Jeffrey Epstein 
Ornb] WN312421RETAIN184.1.1 r Epstein.LASII0125/10-15:37) 
Fowler White Burnett P.A. 
EFTA00728936

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728937.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728937.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fowler White Burnett)) 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
October 27, 2010 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
6100 Red Hook Quarter 
Suite B-3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Re: 
,gresentation of Jeffrey Epstein 
=v. 
Jeffrey Epstein and 
USDC Case No. 10-CV-81111 
Dear Mr. Epstein: 
Espirito Santo Plaza 
Fourteenth Floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131 
www.fowlepwhite.com 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
This letter will serve to confirm our discussion regarding our fee arrangement 
in the above-referenced matter. This agreement shall become effective upon my 
receipt of this document signed by you. By signing this agreement you acknowledge 
that you have carefully read and fully understand all of the terms of this agreement, 
intending to be legally bound. 
I advised you that you would be billed at a rate of between Five Hundred 
Twenty-five Dollars ($525.00) an hour to Ninety-five Dollars ($95.00) an hour for 
the services of various attorneys and legal assistants. This rate is a pure hourly rate 
which includes telephone calls, dictation of letters, research, pleadings, court 
appearances, discovery and conferences, if necessary. 
In addition to the aforesaid attorney's fees, you will be responsible for the 
payment of all costs and out-of-pocket expenses which we incur or advance on your 
behalf in such amounts as we shall reasonably determine best in representing you in 
these proceedings and subject to the limitation that we shall not incur costs and 
expenses, individually or in the aggregate, that exceed Two Thousand Dollars 
($2,000.00) at any given time without your prior express written authorization. 
These costs and expenses shall include, without limitation, long distance telephone 
calls, postage, photocopies, out-of-county travel expenses (including meals and 
lodging), deposition expenses (including court reporter's attendance fees and 
transcript costs), and court costs (such as filing fees, service of process fees, 
subpoena costs, witness fees, etc.). In addition, accounting fees, appraisal fees and 
expert witness fees of every nature which we deem necessary to assist in the 
preparation and proper handling of your case will only be expended upon your prior 
express written authorization. 
305.789.9279 direct 
305.728.7579 fax 
Miami • Fort Lauderdale • West Palm Beach 
EFTA00728937
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
The attorney's fee provided for in this agreement is not a contingent fee. It 
will be your responsibility and payable by you in all events. All bills for services 
rendered and costs incurred or advanced shall be payable by you within thirty (30) 
days from the date of the billing statement, and will accrue interest at the rate of 8% 
if past due. Any non-compliance with this fee arrangement will result in our 
withdrawal from our representation of you in this matter. Any objections to items on 
the invoice shall be raised by you within twenty-one (21) days after the bill is 
received by you. 
In the event our representation is discontinued, the total amount owed by you 
shall be paid in full as of the date of such event and prior to the release of any 
documents, property or monies. Prior to said release, we may retain all documents in 
our possession belonging to you as a retaining lien; or property or monies in our 
possession as a charging lien, until we have been fully paid. You grant to us the right 
to an attorneys' charging lien on all property, real, personal or other things of value 
in which you may own an interest, as security for the payment of our attorneys' fees 
and costs. 
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this retainer agreement 
or the breach thereof shall be settled by arbitration by the American Arbitration 
Association in accordance with the Association's Commercial Arbitration Rules and 
Chapter 682, Florida Statutes. The arbitrator's award shall be binding, final and 
conclusive and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in 
any Court having jurisdiction of the parties and subject matter. 
The provisions of this retainer agreement shall apply only to the matter 
referenced above and, unless otherwise specifically provided in writing, our 
representation shall be for all pre-trial matters and all other matters in the trial court 
only. 
If appellate proceedings are instituted, or if you desire that appellate 
proceedings be instituted, whether interlocutory or plenary, further fee and retainer 
arrangements will need to be made in writing between us. If we shall continue 
representation of you after Final Judgment or our initial undertaking is completed, 
then unless we have written arrangements to the contrary, all of the provisions hereof 
shall apply and we shall each be bound by the terms hereof. 
Please review the terms of this retainer agreement, sign below, and return to 
my office. Thank you for your cooperation in this regard. 
in r I 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Fowler White Burnett P.A. 
EFTA00728938
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
The above and foregoing has been READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED 
upon. 
Dated: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Omb] WN312421RETAINI84.1.1r Epstein.LASI I 0.27/I Ch9:14) 
Fowler White Burnett P.A. 
EFTA00728939

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728940.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728940.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fowler WhiteAipoRuNirysnATeLtAt 
October 27, 2010 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
6100 Red Hook Quarter 
Suite B-3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Espirito Santo Plaza 
Fourteenth floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
direct 
303.728.737o fax 
Re: 
Representation of Jeffrey Epstein 
Epstein v. Rothstein, et al. 
Palm Beach Circuit Case No. 50 2009 CA 040800,3OOO3173-AG 
Dear Mr. Epstein: 
This letter will serve to confirm our discussion regarding our fee arrangement 
in the above-referenced matter. This agreement shall become effective upon my 
receipt of this document signed by you. By signing this agreement you acknowledge 
that you have carefully read and fully understand all of the terms of this agreement, 
intending to be legally bound. 
I advised you that you would be billed at a rate of between Five Hundred 
Twenty-five Dollars ($525.00) an hour to Ninety-five Dollars ($95.00) an hour for 
the services of various attorneys and legal assistants. This rate is a pure hourly rate 
which includes telephone calls, dictation of letters, research, pleadings, court 
appearances, discovery and conferences, if necessary. 
In addition to the aforesaid attorney's fees, you will be responsible for the 
payment of all costs and out-of-pocket expenses which we incur or advance on your 
behalf in such amounts as we shall reasonably determine best in representing you in 
these proceedings and subject to the limitation that we shall not incur costs and 
expenses, individually or in the aggregate, that exceed Two Thousand Dollars 
($2,000.00) at any given time without your prior express written authorization. 
These costs and expenses shall include, without limitation, long distance telephone 
calls, postage, photocopies, out-of-county travel expenses (including meals and 
lodging), deposition expenses (including court reporter's attendance fees and 
transcript costs), and court costs (such as filing fees, service of process fees, 
subpoena costs, witness fees, etc.). In addition, accounting fees, appraisal fees and 
expert witness fees of every nature which we deem necessary to assist in the 
preparation and proper handling of your case will only be expended upon your prior 
express written authorization. 
Miami • Fort Lauderdale • West Palm Beach 
EFTA00728940
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
The attorney's fee provided for in this agreement is not a contingent fee. It 
will be your responsibility and payable by you in all events. All bills for services 
rendered and costs incurred or advanced shall be payable by you within thirty (30) 
days from the date of the billing statement, and will accrue interest at the rate of 8% 
if past due. Any non-compliance with this fee arrangement will result in our 
withdrawal from our representation of you in this matter. Any objections to items on 
the invoice shall be raised by you within twenty-one (21) days after the bill is 
received by you. 
In the event our representation is discontinued, the total amount owed by you 
shall be paid in full as of the date of such event and prior to the release of any 
documents, property or monies. Prior to said release, we may retain all documents in 
our possession belonging to you as a retaining lien; or property or monies in our 
possession as a charging lien, until we have been fully paid. You grant to us the right 
to an attorneys' charging lien on all property, real, personal or other things of value 
in which you may own an interest, as security for the payment of our attorneys' fees 
and costs. 
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this retainer agreement 
or the breach thereof shall be settled by arbitration by the American Arbitration 
Association in accordance with the Association's Commercial Arbitration Rules and 
Chapter 682, Florida Statutes. The arbitrator's award shall be binding, final and 
conclusive and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in 
any Court having jurisdiction of the parties and subject matter. 
The provisions of this retainer agreement shall apply only to the matter 
referenced above and, unless otherwise specifically provided in writing, our 
representation shall be for all pre-trial matters and all other matters in the trial court 
only. 
If appellate proceedings are instituted, or if you desire that appellate 
proceedings be instituted, whether interlocutory or plenary, further fee and retainer 
arrangements will need to be made in writing between us. If we shall continue 
representation of you after Final Judgment or our initial undertaking is completed, 
then unless we have written arrangements to the contrary, all of the provisions hereof 
shall apply and we shall each be bound by the terms hereof. 
Please review the terms of this retainer agreement, sign below, and return to 
my office. Thank you for your cooperation in this regard. 
Sincerely, 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Fowler White Burnett M. 
EFTA00728941
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
The above and foregoing has been READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED 
upon. 
Dated: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Omb] W?R07431RETAIN70.Epslein v Edwards.LASt IQ/27/104:B1 
Fowler White Burnett •. 
EFTA00728942

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728943.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728943.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fowler White Burnett 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
October 25, 2010 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Mr. Darren Indyke 
301 East 66 Street 
Suite # 10 B 
New York, NY 10065 
Espirito Santo Plaza 
Fourteenth Floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
ilagaillOmpliNdirect 
305.728.7579 fax 
Re: 
Representation of Jeffrey Epstein 
Epstein v. Rothstein, et al. 
Palm Beach Circuit Case No. 50 2009 CA 040800XX)OCMB-AG 
Dear Mr. Epstein and Mr. Indyke: 
This letter will serve to con firm our discussion regarding our fee arrangement 
in the above-referenced matter. This agreement shall become effective upon my 
receipt of this document signed by you. By signing this agreement you acknowledge 
that you have carefully read and fully understand all of the terms of this agreement, 
intending to be legally bound. 
I advised you that you would be billed at a rate of between Five Hundred 
Twenty-five Dollars ($525.00) an hour to Ninety-five Dollars ($95.00) an hour for 
the services of various attorneys and legal assistants. This rate is a pure hourly rate 
which includes telephone calls, dictation of letters, research, pleadings, court 
appearances, discovery and conferences, if necessary. 
In addition to the aforesaid attorney's fees, you will be responsible for the 
payment of all costs and out-of-pocket expenses which we incur or advance on your 
behalf in such amounts as we shall determine best in representing you in these 
proceedings. These costs and expenses shall include, without limitation, long 
distance telephone calls, postage, photocopies, out-of-county travel expenses 
(including meals and lodging), deposition expenses (including court reporter's 
attendance fees and transcript costs), and court costs (such as filing fees, service of 
process fees, subpoena costs, witness fees, etc.). Accounting, appraisal fees and 
expert witness fees of every nature which we deem necessary to assist in the 
preparation and proper handling of your case will only be expended upon your 
express authorization. 
Miami • Fort Lauderdale • West Palm Beach 
EFTA00728943
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
The attorney's fee provided for in this agreement is not a contingent fee. It 
will be your responsibility and payable by you in all events. All bills for services 
rendered and costs incurred or advanced shall be payable by you within thirty (30) 
days from the date of the billing statement, and will accrue interest at the rate of 8% 
if past due. Any non-compliance with this fee arrangement will result in our 
withdrawal from our representation of you in this matter. Any objections to items on 
the invoice shall be resolved within twenty (20) days after the bill is received. 
In the event our representation is discontinued, the total amount owed by you 
shall be paid in full as of the date of such event and prior to the release of any 
documents, property or monies. Prior to said release, we may retain all documents in 
our possession belonging to you as a retaining lien; or property or monies in our 
possession as a charging lien, until we have been fully paid. You grant to us the right 
to an attorneys' charging lien on all property, real, personal or other things of value 
in which you may own an interest, as security for the payment of our attorneys' fees 
and costs. 
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this retainer agreement 
or the breach thereof shall be settled by arbitration by the American Arbitration 
Association in accordance with the Association's Commercial Arbitration Rules and 
Chapter 682, Florida Statutes. The arbitrator's award shall be binding, final and 
conclusive and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in 
any Court having jurisdiction of the parties and subject matter. 
The provisions of this retainer agreement shall apply only to the matter 
referenced above and, unless otherwise specifically provided in writing, our 
representation shall be for all pre-trial matters and all other matters in the trial court 
only. 
If appellate proceedings are instituted, or if you desire that appellate 
proceedings be instituted, whether interlocutory or plenary, further fee and retainer 
arrangements will need to be made in writing between us. If we shall continue 
representation of you after Final Judgment or our initial undertaking is completed, 
then unless we have written arrangements to the contrary, all of the provisions hereof 
shall apply and we shall each be bound by the terms hereof. 
Please review the terms of this retainer agreement, sign below, and return to 
my office. Thank you for your cooperation in this regard. 
Sincerely, 
Lilly . 
",,mclici 
Fowler White Burnett M. 
EFTA00728944
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
The above and foregoing has been READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED 
upon. 
Dated: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Dated: 
Mr. Darren Indyke 
Counsel to Jeffrey Epstein 
Limb] W?R07431RETAIN70.Epslein v Edwards.LASOW25/10.15:36) 
Fowler White Burnett •. 
EFTA00728945

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728946.pdf
----------------------------------------
RFTF ONLINE 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
"Remembering for the Future" (RFTF) 
RFTF was created by Dr. Maxwell in 1988 to be a forum for the evaluation of the 
Holocaust before, during and after World War II. The first Conference was held that 
year under the auspices of Remembering for the Future. It was attended by over 600 
scholars from 37 countries and the Proceedings were published by Pergamon Press. 
In the year 2000, a second RFTF Conference, similar to the first one, was held and 
was even better attended. It took place both in Oxford and London and was called 
"The Holocaust in an Age of Genocides". The Conference's original aims were to 
assess the impact of new material and research, particularly in the post-Communist 
era; to reassess the Jewish-Christian dynamic in the light of the Holocaust and 
provide a unique opportunity for eye witnesses and scholars to work together and to 
disseminate new findings. RFTF sought to assess the legacy of the Holocaust and to 
encourage the continued development of its study. 
Today, the work of RFTF is continued as a project under the auspices of the Beth 
Shalom Holocaust Memorial Centre. Dr. Maxwell is the Honorary Chair of RFTF. 
Remembering for the Future Online (RFTF Online) 
RFTF Online is the new Registered UK Charity started by Dr. Maxwell to enable 
her to continue with her latest Holocaust related project: the creation of a Survivor 
Testimony Database Locator. On April 8th, 2008, RFTF Online became officially a 
charity, granted by the Charity Commission. Its Registration number is: 1129063. 
Survivor Testimony Database Locator (STDL): 
STDL is the latest Project of RFTF Online. 
The goal of this project is to enable every survivor's testimony to not only be 
locatable in the present, but most importantly — also for future generations. RFTS 
Online's locator will enable scholars, students and members of the general public to 
search across and down into — multiple Survivor collection archives from the one 
search Locator - easily and without having to perform hundreds of individual 
searches as is now the case. Users will also be able to unearth additional important 
content elements about Testimonies from the Meta data included. (This is hard to 
do today for the majority of Testimony citations as many do not have comprehensive 
Meta data tags, nor are they catalogued in standard ways in many of the smaller 
collections.) 
RFTF Online — Survivor Testimony Database Locator 
-1-
EFTA00728946
--- PAGE 2 ---
RFTF ONLINE 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
TERM 
EXPLANATION 
Federated 
Search 
Federated 
Searching 
Federated search is the simultaneous search of multiple online 
databases or web resources and is an emerging feature of automated, 
web-based library and information retrieval systems. 
Federated searching consists of : 
(1) transforming a query typed into a search box and broadcasting it 
to a group of distinctly and geographically separate databases or 
other web resources, (with the appropriate syntax) 
(2) merging the results collected from the databases 
(3) presenting them in a succinct and unified format with minimal 
duplication, and 
(4) Providing an automatic means to sort the merged result set. 
Meta Data 
Meta data is "data about data". It provides information about a 
certain item's content. For example, an image may include metadata 
that describes how large the picture is and when it was created. A 
text document's metadata may contain information about who the 
author is, when the document was written, and a short summary of 
the document. 
Text- 
Encoding 
A character or text encoding system consists of a code that 
pairs each character from a given set of characters with something 
else, such as a sequence of natural numbers, in order to facilitate the 
transmission of data (such as numbers and text) through 
telecommunication networks or storage of text in computers. 
Boolean 
Search 
Boolean searches allow you to combine words and phrases using 
the words AND, OR, NOT and NEAR (otherwise known as Boolean 
operators) to limit, widen, or define your search. Most Internet 
search engines and Web directories default to these Boolean search 
parameters. The term Boolean is taken from the name of George 
Bool. 
George Boole was an English mathematician in the 19th century, He 
developed "Boolean Logic" in order to combine certain concepts and 
exclude certain concepts when searching databases. 
GIS 
Geographical Information Systems (known today as GIS) is 
any system that captures, stores, analyzes, manages, and presents 
data that are linked to location. Technically, a GIS is a system that 
includes mapping software. Today anyone that owns a recently 
manufactured mobile phone, can experience the power of a GIS 
system —helping to get us from A to B. 
Google 
htt : ww
pj/ ts
n the most used search engine 
Yahoo 
http://www.vahoo.com most successful of the earliest engines (from 
.993) 
_, 
Bing 
http://wwtn 
(new search engine from Microsoft) 
RFTF Online — Survivor Testimony Database Locator 
-2-
EFTA00728947
--- PAGE 3 ---
RPM ONLINE 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION ON THE HONORARY PRESIDENTS 
Sir Elie Wiesel, KBE 
Honorary President 
Elie Wiesel was awarded the Nobel Prize for Peace in 1986. 
Wiesel is the author of 36 works dealing with Judaism, the Holocaust and moral 
responsibility. He has dedicated his life to ensuring that none of us forget 
what happened to the Jews. He has dedicated the latter part of his life to the 
witnessing of the second-generation and the vital requirement that memory and 
action be carried on after the survivors have all left us. 
http://xroads.virginia.edu/-CAP/HOLO/ElieBio.Htm 
Sir Martin Gilbert 
Honorary Vice President 
The Rt. Hon. Sir Martin John Gilbert CBE D.Litt is one of the loth century's 
foremost historians of World War II, the Holocaust and the founding of modem 
Israel. Sir Martin is a British historian and the author of over eighty books, 
including works on the Holocaust and Jewish history. He has been a pioneer of 
historical atlases, and is known as the official biographer of Sir Winston Churchill 
and is the author of a single volume: Churchill, his life and amongst others, wrote 
his twin histories First World War and Second World War, a comprehensive History 
of Israel, and his three-volume work, A History of the Twentieth Century. He has 
also published a well known book on the Holocaust which is used as a text book 
classic in many schools. 
He is an Honorary Fellow of Merton College, Oxford, and a Distinguished Fellow of 
Hillsdale College, Michigan. 
http://www.martingilbert.com/ 
Samuel Pisar 0. Lo H Honorary Vice President 
As a renowned international attorney and a Holocaust survivor, Samuel Pisar LL.M. 
'55 S.J.D. '59 has experienced mankind's capacity for genius and madness. His 
survival was a triumph of human spirit. His advocacy for peaceful coexistence is a 
message from one who has lived through hell on earth. Pisar was deported to 
Majdanek, and later Auschwitz and Dachau. He recorded his experiences in a 1979 
autobiography, "Of Blood and Hope." in which he tells the story of how he survived 
the Holocaust — (of which a reviewer wrote-- "My father, a survivor of the death 
camps (Auschwitz, Buchenwald), proclaimed this biography as the most accurate he 
has read". 
RFTF Online — Survivor Testimony Database Locator 
-3-
EFTA00728948
--- PAGE 4 ---
RFTF ONLINE 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
Samuel Pisar O. Lo H Honorary Vice President 
Continued... 
Pisar was rescued by an American tank division when on a death march, after which 
he made his way to France and then Australia, where he obtained a Bachelor of Laws 
from the University of Melbourne in 1953.1. Pisar finally came to the United States 
and went on to earn doctorates in law from Harvard and later from the Sorbonne in 
Paris.-- In 1960, he was called to Washington to serve on President Kennedy's Task 
Force on Foreign Economic Policy. In 1961, Pisar was made a U.S. citizen by a special 
act of Congress. 
Once considered subhuman, identified only by the number tattooed on his arm, 
today Pisar is a knight of the French Legion of Honor, an honorary officer of the 
Order of Australia and a commander of Poland's Order of Merit. His honors and 
achievement are rooted in pragmatism and hope. 
http://www.helaw.harvard.eduinews/bulletini2oocliall/cn 01.php/ 
RFTF Online - Survivor Testimony Database Locator 
-4-
EFTA00728949

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728950.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728950.pdf
----------------------------------------
BazG
gaGAL DOMESTICS, INC. 
-Setting the Standard Since 1983P-
MERLITO RIETA & MELANIE VAZOUEZ 
Country of Origin: Philippines 
Work Experience: 
As a Couple: 
2008 - Apr2010 
2005 — Jan2008 
2001 - 2004 
1997 - 2001 
Housekeeper/ Cook/ Butler / Houseman/ Handyman/ Driver 
Mrs. Jacqueline Ohrstrom 
The Plains, VA 
Housekeeper/ Cook/ Butler / Houseman/ Handyman/ Driver 
Mr. Alfred Taubman 
Southampton, NY 
Housekeeper/ Cook/ Butler /Houseman/ Handyman/ Driver 
Mr. Robert Hefner III 
Aspen, CO 
Housekeeper/ Cook/ Butler/ Houseman/Handyman/ Driver 
Ms. Elizabeth Lewyt 
The Lewyt Estate, Sandpoint, NY 
Summary of responsibilities for all positions: 
• 
Perform general household duties including hands-on 
housekeeping, polishing silver, maintenance of antiques, expensive 
china and other valuable collection, laundry & ironing, personal 
organizing 
• 
Prepare American, Italian, French and Asian Cuisine 
• 
Formal and informal table service 
• 
Butler duties 
• 
Flower arrangement 
• 
Organize special functions 
• 
Driving & running various errands 
• 
Perform minor repairs and various handyman duties as needed 
• 
Manage household accounts and provide accurate records for 
bookkeeping 
• 
Manage other household staff 
EFTA00728950
--- PAGE 2 ---
MERLITO RIETA & MELANIE VAZOUEZ 
Individual Experience: 
Merlito 
Service Personnel 
Celebrity International Cruise Line 
Florentinos Restaurant 
San Francisco, CA 
Melanie 
Sous Chef 
Casa de las Campanas 
San Diego, CA 
Melanie has attended various culinary classes and seminars through out the years including her 
training in Milan, Italy where they worked in the 1980s; the Food and Wine Festival in Aspen, 
Colorado and cooking classes in San Diego, California. 
EFTA00728951

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728952.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728952.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Mr. Couterier: 
We were very sorry and quite disappointed that you are unable to work on the Little 
St James project. Mr. Epstein was looking forward to working with you. Obviously, 
your withdrawal from the project was through no fault of Mr. Epstein, so I assume 
that you will be returning the full $50,000 deposit that we sent to you in April. Of 
course, if you incurred any reasonable out of pocket expenses (apart from those 
over $500 for which advance approval was required under our agreement), please 
forward the back up for those expenses and you may deduct them at cost from the 
deposit Under the circumstances, however, I think we would all agree that 
imposing an 8% handling fee on these expenses would be inappropriate. For our 
part, we will not seek to offset your expenses or otherwise charge you for our losses, 
which, unfortunately, are substantial. 
Please let me know if there is anything you need for the prompt return of the 
deposit 
Kindest regards, 
Rich Kahn 
EFTA00728952

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728953.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728953.pdf
----------------------------------------
CHARTIS 
RMS CLAIM REQUEST/PROPERTY CAPTION REPORT 
From: Central Zone - Schaumburg, IL 
Requested by: 
Greg Jones 
Completed by: 
Pam Kresse 
Date Received: 9/2/2010 
Date Report Completed: 9/29/2010 
Branch/Office: Schaumburg, IL 
Branch/Office: Schaumburg, IL 
Date Visited: 9/16/2010 
INSURED INFORMATION: 
Insured Name: Jeffrey Epstein 
Visit Address: Little St. James No. 6B, USVI 00801 
D/O/L: 
Policy #: 4437478 
Claim #: 
AGENCY INFORMATION: 
Agent/Broker Company: Insurance Office of Central Ohio 
State Agency Located: Ohio 
Agent/Broker Contact: Trac Penwell 
Phone Number: 
ASSIGNMENT: 
Received: 9/2/2010 
Contact: Emad Hannah — Insured's Property Management 
Inspected: 9/20/2010 
RESERVE RECOMMENDATIONS: 
Cat Loss — Hurricane Earl: The property had sustained mostly damage to trees 
and shrubbery. Erosion was noted along the beach. Damage was also 
sustained on a few of the outbuildings. 
Reserve recommendations will be referred to Claims Department for proper 
handling. Included in the Claims Handling for this location is Wardell Johnson, 
General Adjuster 
/ 
This was an on-site RMS-related inspection for informational purposes only. See 
attached information and photos indicating damage. Costs for repairs, current 
EFTA00728953
--- PAGE 2 ---
costs incurred, billing, and additional claims settlement are to be determined by 
the Claims Department. 
All Current Replacement Costs were derived from the prior inspection conducted 
in 2005 by Krista Komro with a 4% inflationary factor added for each structure. 
No changes have been made to any of the affected structures since last seen in 
2005. The exception is the St. John's Massage Cabana, which was not listed on 
the prior inspection. However, a similar massage cabana was indicated on the 
prior report. Therefore, the replacement cost figure from the prior report for the 
massage cabana was used in the developing the replacement cost on the St. 
John's Massage Cabana as they are constructed of the same materials and have 
the same dimensions in size. 
Photos of trees and shrubbery were provided separately with a flash drive for 
claims purposes. This has been forwarded to Wardell Johnson. 
EFTA00728954
--- PAGE 3 ---
Damaged structures include: 
Salt Pond Cabin — Frame structure with screened openings. Current 
replacement cost for this building is $24,000. Screened area is approximately 
150 sf and covered porch is 90 sf. Areas of the screen are ripped from the 
framing. The covered porch portion has no damage. 
EFTA00728955
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00728956
--- PAGE 5 ---
Tiki House — Wood frame structure with thatched roof, clay tile decking, and a 
kitchenette. Approximately 1,564 sq ft in size. Current replacement cost is 
$61,000. Damage to thatched roof structure. 
EFTA00728957
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00728958
--- PAGE 7 ---
St. John's Massage Cabana — Frame structure with thatched roof. 
Approximately 122 sf in size. Thatched roof completely missing from structure. 
Current replacement cost is $15,000. (Not listed on prior inspection) 
EFTA00728959
--- PAGE 8 ---
Small Beach Cabin - Frame structure with cedar shake siding. Includes a 
covered area of 75 sf and a screened area of 165 sf. Damage occurred to the 
roof with some tiles being ripped from the decking and the screen was damaged. 
Current replacement cost is $30,000. 
EFTA00728960
--- PAGE 9 ---
Boat Dock — Located at entrance to residential island. Constructed of concrete 
pilings, concrete dock, and wood decking. Carpet covering, wood decking and 
concrete pilings were damaged. (Damaged carpet has been removed). Current 
replacement cost is $608,000. 
Llicorontio 
EFTA00728961
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00728962
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00728963

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728964.pdf
----------------------------------------
REYNALDO PACHECO 
NETWORK OPERATIONS CENTER (NOC) ENGINEER 
Results-oriented information technology professional with excellent experience installing, 
configuring, maintaining, troubleshooting, and repairing hardware, software, and network 
systems in a 24x7x365 data center environment. Proven ability to administer, support, and 
engineer operating systems and network components. Strong management and communication 
skills. Recognized as creative and effective in technical testing, training, and problem solving. 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE: 
• System & Network Engineering & Support 
• Design, Project Planning & Management 
• IT Documentation, Policies, & Procedures 
• Hardware & Software Installation 
• Staff Development & Leadership 
• Technical User Training & Support 
CERTIFICATION 
• Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) 
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES 
Networking: 
Software: 
Platforms: 
Cisco Switches & Routers, Cisco ASA, Wireless Routers & Access Points, 
TCP/IP, MPLS, Spanning Tree, VLAN's, Custom Cat5e/6 & Fiber Optic 
Cabling. 
MS Exchange 2003, 2007, Active Directory, DNS, SCOM 2007, VMware 
vSphere 4 & ESX 3.5, MS WUS 3.2, GhostCast Server ver.8, HP Systems 
Insight Manager 5.2, Symantec NetBackup 6.5.3 & BackupExec 10d, 11d 
&12, Symantec Endpoint Protection Management Console, Symantec BESR 
6.5, Citrix Management Console 4.0, What's Up Gold 11, Solar Winds. 
Windows Server 2008(R2), Server 2003(R2), Windows 7 Enterprise, Server 
2000, NT Server, HP/Compaq DL380 & DL580 G2-G5 Proliant Series 
Servers. HP MSL 5000 Series Libraries and Quantum Scalar i2000 & PX502 
DLT-S4 Tape Libraries, BlueCoat Proxy Filters 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Hunton & Williams LLP., Richmond, VA 
Network Technician 
2009 - Present 
Responsible for the daily operation of 19 global offices with over 1,500 users and 400 servers. 
Monitor all of the firm's computer systems, voice/data network facilities and environmental 
systems following established procedures and guidelines. Detect, isolate, and resolve 
operational problems related to central and remote network systems, communications 
systems and/or wiring systems. Configure servers to support computer systems; verify 
...continued... 
EFTA00728964
--- PAGE 2 ---
REYNALDO PACHECO 
PAGE TWO 
operation of hardware, standard software, network interface and auxiliary equipment and 
update or create supporting documentation. Ensure that any hardware or software problems 
affecting the operation of the firm's IT systems are properly resolved and then tracked 
accordingly. Monitor host/server processes and assist in successful implementation of system 
changes. Integrate new processes into daily routine and ensures procedures are in place 
during implementation. Maintain switch port configurations on all Cisco switches and monitor 
all WAN circuits firm wide. Create and maintain design documentation for A & B site network 
and server configurations. 
Key Achievements: 
• Managed a large scale cabling project on time and well within budget. 
• Successfully completed key configuration project for firm wide switch upgrades. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP., New York, NY 
2005 - 2009 
NOC Engineer 
Responsible for every aspect of day-to-day operations of the Firm's global network, local area 
network, data center, servers, computing infrastructures, as well as the integrity of the Firm's 
data and application run-time environments. Over see third party vendor maintenance ranging 
from cleaning, electrical, reserve power and cooling units. Conduct daily integrity checks of all 
vital data center components. Proactively monitor operational readiness of all local and 
regional LAN's, WAN's, and all on-line systems via automated tools. Monitoring includes 
up/down states of all network devices, load levels of all transmission facilities, as well as 
tracking end-to-end response times to specific mission critical servers around the world. 
Provides Tier 3 technical support for all server hardware, Operating Systems, peripheral 
devices, and applications. Build, install, and implement new server and network platforms as 
needed. Add, create, modify, and delete user accounts, mail groups, and Active Directory 
groups as needed. Ensure integrity of all application data through proactive system 
administration functions, including disk mirroring, disk to tape backups (full and incremental), 
management of tape library and off-site tape storage. Maintain network site documentation, 
including Operations methods and procedures, cable plans, equipment cabinet contents, and 
applications supported per server. 
Key Achievements: 
• Implemented system standardization and server maintenance initiatives. 
• Integral role in major data center expansion project. 
• Assisted in build and maintenance of the Firm's DR site. 
ImpactRx, Inc., Melville, NY 
2003 - 2005 
NOC Engineer 
Provide systems management, performance monitoring, and benchmarking. Support and 
maintain network operations center (NOC) systems, hardware, and software. Deliver support 
for Windows 2000/2003 domain servers and Active Directory/Exchange environments. Install 
and configure wired and wireless networks, including Cisco switches/routers, NICs, and 
access points. Implement security for network and server infrastructure. 
Troubleshoot and repair desktops, laptops, and Palm Pilots. Educate new employees and 
prepare training documentation. 
...continued... 
EFTA00728965
--- PAGE 3 ---
REYNALDO PACHECO 
PAGE THREE 
Deliver mentoring in applications, hardware, and laptop/hard drive cloning. Track and report 
equipment inventory. Support physicians and staff with pharmaceutical tracking software. 
Key Achievements: 
• Enhanced department productivity by meeting all service level agreements (SLAs). 
• Increased physician client satisfaction through process improvements. 
• Developed and deployed network security policies. 
Adecco Corporation, Melville, NY 
1999 - 2003 
Systems Engineer 
Managed projects to implement software and hardware applications for IT department. 
Developed and executed project plans. Team leader in Win2k Active Directory migration. 
Installed and maintained servers. Administered security, networks, and computers. 
Coordinated functions with major vendors such as HP, Compaq, and Computer Associates. 
Implemented HP OpenView. Trained helpdesk, network, and systems departments. 
Troubleshot and resolved system issues. Researched and recommended new technology 
products. Mentored technical team members. Reported network performance and utilization. 
Key Achievements: 
• Saved more than $150,000 by implementing applications without use of consultants. 
• Successfully completed key project assigned by management following peer failure. 
Cablevision Systems, Bethpage, NY 
1996 — 1999 
Optimum Online Service Technician 
Resolved client hardware, software, and Internet access/computer connectivity issues. Tested 
signals and checked wiring for signal strength. Repaired wiring, replaced NICs, and reinstalled 
network protocols. Trained clients in Internet access. Coached junior support staff. 
Key Achievements: 
• Earned letters of commendation from Vice President and numerous clients. 
• Created installation procedure and troubleshooting step documentation. 
EDUCATION & TRAINING 
Interconnecting Cisco Network Devices; New Horizons Learning Center, Richmond, VA 
Pursuing Associate of Science, Computer Information Management; Ashworth College, 
Norcross, GA 
Symantec Backup Exec 10.x for Windows Servers Administration II; Symantec Education 
Training, New York, NY 
Interconnecting Cisco Network Devices; Netflow Training Center, Lynbrook, NY 
LAN Specialist Technical Degree; Computer Career Center, Garden City, NY 
EFTA00728966

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728967.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 409 
Entered on FLSD Docket 11/16/2009 Page 1 of 5 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
WEST PALM BEACH DIVISION 
www.flsd.uscourts.gov 
JANE DOE #2, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFERY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A.'S RESPONSE TO DEFENDANT'S 
EMERGENCY MOTION FOR ORDER FOR THE PRESERVATION OF EVIDENCE 
[D.E. 405) 
The Honorable Herbert Stettin ("Stettin"), the State Court appointed' receiver 
("Receiver") and Chief Restructuring Officer ("CRO") of Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A.'s 
("RRA"), hereby responds to the Defendant's Emergency Motion For Order For The 
Preservation of Evidence [D.E.405], and states: 
1. 
Certain lawyers previously employed by RRA represent the Plaintiff in this 
matter. As has been well documented in the media, towards the end of October of this year, RRA 
was rocked by allegations of financial scandal. As a result of these allegations, on November 2, 
_ 2009.,au.art_A...Rosenteldt.CRosenfeldfl),on behalf_othimseltand RRA,_filed.alawsuit against 
his partner Scott W. Rothstein ("Rothstein"), alleging multiple wrongful acts on the part of 
Rothstein, RRA's former Chief Executive Officer (the "Receivership Action") in the Circuit 
Court of Broward County. 
I On November 4, 2009, Judgc Streitfeld appointed Stettin as the Receiver of RRA. Broward County Case No. 09-
059301. 
2439830-2 
EFTA00728967
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 409 
Entered on FLSD Docket 11/16/2009 Page 2 of 5 
2. 
On November 4, 2009, The Honorable Jeffrey Streitfeld, presiding over the 
Receivership Action: (a) removed Rothstein as the Chief Executive Officer, and (b) appointed 
Stettin as the Receiver for RRA. Promptly thereafter, Stettin assumed stewardship of RRA and 
since then, has handled a very broad set of problems, virtually of which have been on an 
emergency basis, including this matter. 
3. 
On November 11, 2009, Rosenfeldt, as the sole officer and director of RRA, 
executed a resolution appointing Stettin as the CRO of RRA and delegated to Stettin all 
operational and managerial control over RRA. This effectively removed Rosenfeldt from all 
managerial roles at RRA and Stettin, as CRO, is now the only executive of RRA. 
4. 
As it pertains to this matter, since his appointment in accordance with his duties 
as Receiver and as CRO, Stettin has moved quickly and carefully to secure all assets and records 
of RRA. In the midst of doing so however, the Department of Justice executed search warrants 
on the offices of RRA, removing, among things, in excess of forty (40) boxes of documents. It is 
believed the Department of Justice also sequestered about thirteen (13) boxes of documents 
related to this case. This action occurred before Stettin could complete his inventory and 
accounting of the vastly disorganized office and record keeping systems of RRA. 
5. 
Stettin assures both the Defendant as well as this Court that he understands fully 
the  gravity of documenkaad eyidenee preservation. It is his_charge._Stettin.has_andintends_to_________ 
continue to fully comply with his fiduciary duties both as Receiver and now as CRO of an 
alleged bankruptcy debtor. In fact, security at the firm's computer system and its documents is 
one of his foremost present concerns and tasks. 
6. 
The Bankruptcy Code (11 U.S.C. §101 et seq.), requires that a debtor in 
possession behave and function with the same types of responsibilities as a trustee. 11 U.S.C. 
2439830-2 
EFTA00728968
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 409 
Entered on FLSD Docket 11/16/2009 Page 3 of 5 
§1107. RRA is currently an alleged debtor in possession and Stettin is executing on the fiduciary 
duties that are imposed upon him as the executive of RRA. In light of the foregoing, Stettin has 
no objection to the entry of an order that is consistent with his fiduciary obligations. 
Notwithstanding, to the extent the Defendant wishes for Stettin to produce documents or sit for a 
deposition on November 19, 2009, Stettin respectfully requests that this Court extend that date 
for at least 45 days, so that he may attend to the continuing critical, pressing needs of stabilizing 
RRA and resolving the outstanding issues that occur when a law firm of 150 employees suddenly 
implodes overnight. 
WHEREFORE, Herbert Stettin respectfully requests that: (1) any order entered conform 
with his statutorily imposed duties; (2) any deposition of Stettin be postponed for at least 45 
days; and (3) granting such other relief as the Court deems just and proper. 
Dated: November 16, 2009 
Respectfully submitted, 
BERGER SINGERMAN, P.A. 
Proposed Attorneys for Alleged Debtor 
350 East Broward Boulevard, 10th Floor 
By:  s/ Charles H. Liciaman 
Charles H. Lichtman 
Florida Bar No. 50105.0_ 
Isaac Marcushamer 
Florida Bar No. 0060373 
2439830-2 
EFTA00728969
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 409 Entered on FLSD Docket 11/16/2009 Page 4 of 5 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
(manse for Ffaintn s 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-
80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80993, 08-80994 
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
2290 10th Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
F 0A. ..JV I ,IVLI TJV I 
Counsel for Plaintif in Related Case No. 
08-80811 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy 
Denney 
Scarole 
Barnhart 
& 
Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Counsel for Plaint, 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Counsel for Plaintif in Related Case No. 
08-80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake C* 
UT 84112 
Co-counsel for Plaintif 
Isidro M. Garda, Esq. 
Garda Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datura Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
gal 
Counsel for Plaintif in Related Case No. 
08-80469 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezelt, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
EFTA00728970
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 409 Entered on FLSD Docket 11/16/2009 Page 5 of 5 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Theodore J. Leopold, Esq. 
Spencer T. Kuvin, Esq. 
Leopold, Kuvin, P.A. 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-08804 
Counsel for Plaintiffs in Related Cases 
Nos. 09-80591 and 09-80656 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Robert D. Ctiton, Jr., Esq. 
Michael J. Bike, Esq. 
Burman Critton, Luttier & Coleman 
303 BaNYAN Boulevard, Suite 400 
Dnlm 
nennk 
 33401 
counsel to 
e en an 
e frey Epstein 
EFTA00728971

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728972.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mike Tyson 
Repents 
The Dirtiest 
Girl in Porn 
BOB 
DYLAN'S 
AMERICA 
EXCLUSIVE 
Inside Obama's 
War Council 
EFTA00728972
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00728973
--- PAGE 3 ---
•••••••••••••• 
Sashes Grey, porn's 
biggest star, reads 
Nietzsrhe, likes it 
rot rob and says she's 
lihc'rutirrq women.one 
gonybong at a time 
MI Vanessa Gr•igoriadis 
Photographs bg i/If) Wenner 
4011%001 ST(OO. NI AV 14. 4009 • 53 
EFTA00728974
--- PAGE 4 ---
SEISM'S STORY 
Grey in New YOrk in April 
EFTA00728975
--- PAGE 5 ---
IV TM SUL C.41O411 
S 
g 
N AN OVERCAST 
Sunday in Los Angeles. Sasha Grey ar-
rives at a set for the film The Fuck Ank-
le promptly at 9 a.m. 'this is not leer real 
name, though it's a subtle one for a porn 
star, a mash-up of Sascha Konietzko. a 
founder of the German industrial band 
KMFDM. and the Kinsey scale of sexual-
ity, which identifies sexual orientation as 
shades of gray. The shoot location is unex-
pected as well, a brick warehouse in down-
town LA.. far from the porn epicenter in 
the San Fernando Valley. In her dressing 
room. Grey unpacks a suitcase of make-
up. lingerie and dozens of barrettes, then 
applies a thick coat of eyeliner in a mirror. 
"No one in porn knows how to do makeup 
right: she says. flicking the brush across 
her eye. "The only thing they know how to 
do is make my face orange. I'd rather do it 
myself. I'd rather have it be my fault? 
Grey. who is known for exploring the 
outer edges of pornography, is shooting a 
solo scene today. It is her first bit for Grey 
Art• a new production company fbunded 
with director Oren Cohen. a 31 ;year-old 
third-generation porn purveyor. - This is 
my company, a new chapter. a positive step 
up for me: she says 'I wanted to start it 
right." In fact, deliberate, symbolic action 
is the defining characteristic of Grey, who, 
at 21, has managed a risque ingenue's hat 
trick: She's the adult industry's reigning 
princess of porn, celebrated as the Adult 
Video News Female Performer of the Year 
in 200$: a 
se to rock stars, featured in 
videos for the Smashing Pumpkins and 
the Roots( and, most impressively, a po-
tential crossover sensation. making her 
film debut as the high-class-escort star of 
Steven Sodierherglis The Girlfriend Expe-
rience this month. 
in the adult business, you're forced to 
grow up and work for yourself. or some-
body else will work you and ycout be done: 
she says. before stepping out of a black cot-
ton dress. —thew are maybe four people 
in the industry that I hang out with. Ix.-
cause they're interesting people and not 
coked up. I'm not calling anyone up to say, 
'Hey, let's get a mani-pedi together' I do 
my own nails: 
At Mc feet six and 110 pounds, with 
straight black hair that shoots to her him-
Contributing editor VA N assn 
all Won tains profiled litylor Swift in 
BS 107:3. She fires in Los Angeles. 
bar spine, Grey's naked body is exqui-
site and natural, with taut skin free of 
blemishes and tattoos (she resembles Kate 
Beckinsale in physique, and her affect is 
a similar mix of languor and brutal hau-
teur). As far as I'm concerned, Suicide Girl 
types with black hair and tattoos am the 
new blondes with boll-on tits:she drawls. 
"Those women look the same, and they re
idiots: She pulls a pair of frilly underwear 
from her suitcase - 'Is that the type of 
thing you put around a rack of lambT asks 
Cohen - then reconsiders the choice, slip-
ping on a black G-string. The porno theme 
of the day is "twckties? Grey holds a green 
tie to the daylight before settling on black. 
"You feel like you can rub one out with 
this?" says Cohen. 
"That could happen,' says Grey, nod-
ding. could feel that? 
As cliche as it is to note the arid thou-
sand-mile stare of sex workers, there is 
something about Grey that is hard to reach, 
like talking to a woman behind glass. When 
she perches on a wooden chair in the cen-
ter of the warehouse. training her eyes on 
a fresnel light above her and beginning to 
masturbate, the glass shatters. The crew 
watches silently, transfixed. We stand 20 
feet away. but it feels like two. She works 
herself mechanically transferring her tin-
Once upon a time porn was a schmuck's 
paradise where VIIS tapes sold for $75 
and rubber sex toys manufactured for 
five cents sold for MN apres Internet, a 
five-hour adult DV D compilation costs 45 
cents when bought in bulk at wholesale 
prices, and no one believes A VAY's estimate 
that the business is worth $13 billion. Now. 
porn is easier to access than at any point in 
human history. The psychological charge 
of demented sex has lost its power, and 
stars like Jentta Jameson are harder to 
identify in the swarm of endlessly click-
able talent. Grey is the first performer 
to emerge with a chance to rise above a 
broken system - and redress some of the 
stigma of her business. 
Grey moved to Studio City at is, after 
saving $7,000 and writing herself a mis-
sion statement: 'Most of the XXX I see is 
boring, and does not arouse nw physical-
b; or visually: it read. 1 am determined 
and ready to be a commodity that fulfills 
everyone's fantasies.' Yet hanging out with 
her is less like being with a businesswom-
an than an elderly anarchist, or a person 
whose life is defined by setting herself 
apart from the mainstream (though her 
practical side does come out in her absti-
nence from drugs or heavy drinking, as 
well as her choice of vehicle, a gray Saab 
" I AM A PERVERT," SAYS GREY 
`IFI,V1 WORKING OUT ANY 
ISSUES THROUGH PORN ITS 
ANGER AT SOCIETY FOR NOT 
BEING OPEN ABOUT SEX" 
gees to her mouth every 30 seconds or so, 
then chokes herself with the tie before 
erupting in a minutes-long close-eyed or-
gasm, at which everyone finally exhales 
and claps. In her ecstasy, she is a vision of 
a terrifying goddess fueled by her own bliss 
energy, a half-woman, half-machine Kali 
springing forth to wreak destruction on 
the safe, timid sex habits of our world. Der 
performances are calibrated todestahilize, 
and they succeed at that goal. If Grey had 
been masturbating someone else this way. 
it woukl have been violent, but because it 
is self-imposed, it seems OK. 
ENTERTAINMENT 
businesses are thoroughly 
transformed by cultural 
shifts, the recession and 
the digital age, there may 
be only one way for performers to survive: 
Get a lot smarter, exclusivity their vi-
sion and pursue multiple revenue streams. 
sedan). She refuses to make small talk. 
disdains common courtesies like smiling 
when she walks into a room and is deeply 
mistrustful of the media. citing Godarrfs 
famous line -Every edit is a lie.' 
Grey declines to put a price on her fees. 
hut at one point in my presence she con-
siders booking a boy-girl scene for five 
grand. A trained actress who took Meth-
od lessons through her teens, Grey is deft 
with put-downs, and she has a knack for 
dissing the conventional in conversation: 
She says that she wants to go on Howard 
Stern with the Palestinian flag wrapped 
around her breasts, because she believes 
he's a closet racist; she thinks Oprah is 
stingy and doesn't give enough money to 
charity, because as much as she gives. she 
has many millions more. '1 low that Sasha 
is intimidating. powerful and introspec-
tive: says Dave Navarro, who directed 
her in his adult film Broken and is now co-
managing her career. 'When you're near 
ROLLING STONE. MAY 14. 2009 • 55 
EFTA00728976
--- PAGE 6 ---
SASHA GREY 
her. you don't know what she's thinking. 
but you really want to know.' 
In the future, Grey might fight many 
battles against society. but now she is in 
pursuit of one: the liberation of female sex-
uality."' want to tell nung women that sex 
is OK," she says. "Ws OK to he a shit. You 
don't have to be ashamed. People think that 
young women can't understand sex. that 
there will be consequences for our actions. 
but we can be as analytical as anyone: 
Grey envisions herself as a performance-
art Camille Paglia exploding the catego-
rizations of second-wave feminists and fe-
male pop icons li ke Tra Banks, who claims 
that women in porn are largely victims of 
sexual abuse. Tina Fey has weighed in too. 
on Playboy models: "These women aren't 
doing it for the money: she said on 'Week-
end Update: They'retkiing it because they 
were molested by a family friend: 
As far as sexual abuse is concerned, Grey 
insists she has never suffered at anyone's 
hand. 1 am a pervert: she says. if I am 
working out any issues through porn, its 
anger at society for not being open about 
sex :On camera. she is vulgar and aggres-
sive, yelling at co-stars to "go deeper" and 
"harder"(she is famous for asking a co-star 
to punch her in the stomach during her 
debut scene in porn). Grey derides softcorc 
porn as good only for a "Valium house-
wife:She can lick off her taboos quickly -
simulated rape scenes, ejaculation inside 
her vagina, fingers from male co-stars, 
breast-slapping. fecal play, animals and 
children - which means that everything 
else is pretty much acceptable. She claims 
to have genuine orgasms at least three-
quarters of the time on set. "A lot of girls 
in porn fake it, but I never caught Sasha 
doing that: says Randy Spears, a male 
performer. 'When she says harsh stuff on 
camera. she means it, because she is trying 
to kill us. At that moment, that's what it is 
going to take for her to get off." 
These days. Grey lives in a spotless mod-
ern home in Hollywood with her fiance. 
Ian Cinnamon, a 34-year-old filmmak-
er who is half-black and says he is-95 per-
cent heterosexual' (that's his real name. 
too). Ayear's worth of Dwell may,wines are 
arranged by date in their bathroom, and a 
poster of Godard's La Chinoise. a present 
from Soderbergh, hangs in the living mom. 
There are no trashy novels on their book-
shelves, which are so rigorously esoteric as 
to he ridiculous, a monastic undergradu-
ate's library of Nietzsche and Brecht, and 
for lighter fare, the inscrutable Philosophy 
ofAndy Warhol. A large collection of vinyl 
and DVDs is set behind a black curtain, 
split between art-house box sets and Grey's 
porn videos, with titles like Blow Me ill, 
Apprrataxs no and Meet the Puckers e7 
If we are judged by the quality of those 
we take as partners. the evidence of Cin-
namon does much to recommend Grey: 
An Indio filmmaker without many credits 
al WANT TO I ELL YOUNG 
WOMEN THAT SEX IS OK ITS 
OK TO BEA SLUT. YOU DON'T 
HAVE TO BE ASHAMED." 
or a hipsters fashion sense, he was raised 
by a showgirl mom and is steady, sweet 
and gentle. They began dating around 
the time Grey started to shoot porn, at 
Hi. in her first 'committed relationship. 
and deeply emotional one: she says. They 
have an "open relationship," though they 
don't take advantage of the benefit often 
(off-set, Grey has slept with six men, and 
about 60 on camera). 'We've learned a lot 
about ourselves as a couple, and you learn 
a lot about yourself as a man: says Cinna-
mon of Grey's occupation. "Even as libend 
as I am. I'm still a guy. You go from a nor-
mal sexual relationship, which means, 'I 
get turned on. I approach yout we go for 
it' to having rules. 'I have to work tomor-
row; which means, 'l don't want to be sore: 
I don't get jealous of the sex. honestly. I get 
frustrated because of the time it takes: 
After Cinnamon cooks a light dinner of 
green salad and barbecued chicken, Cr" 
boils a pot of water for loose-leaf tea. tin" 
shows off a prototype of her new website. 
"People rip you off, and this way I'm re-
sponsible for my updates. so I don't have 
to rely on anyone else,-she says. She clicks 
through fetish photos of herself. like one 
where she is wearing a strap-on and look-
ing sarcastically at the camera, and then 
a series of icons linking to interviews with 
her favorite filmmakers and artists, but 
the links don't work, and the perfectionist 
in her becomes ruffled. Cinnamon begins 
to give a tour of the house. pointing out a 
framed Terry Richardson photo of them 
in their downstairs bathroom, but Grey 
storms in., have to pee. and I don't want 
to go upstairs," she explains brusquely. 
In the living mom, we check out their 
Chinese dulcimer. perched in a corner: 
Grey, who plays guitar, has formed an ex-
perimental noise band named aTelecine 
(they have sold out a limited release of 300 
seven-inch El's). The couple, who are also 
in the market fora vintage Moog, are fans 
of industrial music who attended Coachel-
la only to hear Throbbing Gristle. 
Suddenly. Grey bursts out of the bath-
room and cuts Cinnamon off. She juts her 
chin forward and bellows. "You're like 
the wife!" 
ITH HER VIER AI. PHA 
attitude. Grey can some-
times be hard to take. 
At one point she burbles 
about a text she has 
t 
Wed from a celebrity who has just 
%smelled one of her videos: "He says he's 
all about me now, and is peeling cum off 
his stomach!' She doesn't believe in God 
and isn't afraid of death. She seems to 
have obliterated her feminine self in favor 
of a masculine one, with values of only 
bravery, achievement and plundering. 
Sometimes, she seems as calculated as 
any actress. "Sasha pointedly decided to 
have an extreme presence to achieve entree 
to I lollywood:says Nick Jamekt executive 
producer of the new Mikel)eson documen-
tary. who met with her last year about a 
36' Roo ING STUB r. M 
14.2009 
EFTA00728977
--- PAGE 7 ---
'1 VYfl4fl q(•Ip. 
Hardcore Princess 
Grey is the most shocking, business-savvy 
porn star working today. (1) With fiance 
Cinnamon in 2006. the year she shot her first 
movie with Rocco Siffredi (2). Grey grew up 
near Sacramento (3). but at IS she left for 
L.A. She's appeared in more than ISO scenes. 
role in another movie. "My impression of 
her attitude is that porn, while part of her 
pastiche. is ultimately a gateway to her 
mainstream ideas and acting career? 
Grey grew up in North Highlands, a 
rough area outside Sacramento, the thinl 
of four siblings. Her father, a Greek-Amer-
ican mechanic, left the family when she 
was five, and they an: no longer in touch. 
"He told my sister recently to tell me he 
loved me, and hoped that 'she accomplish-
es everything that she says she is,'• says 
Grey. "Basically, he was saying• 'I hope she 
doesn't fuck up:" Her mother enmlled in 
college, worked to support the family and 
married a man with whom Grey does not 
get along ("They had a traditional Mom-
cooks-dinner relationship, and it disgust-
ed me: she says). A popular tomboy who 
mostly kept to herself, she never played 
with Barbies as a kid. preferring to listen 
to the Beatles and the Rolling Stones, then 
Black Sabbath and Led Zeppelin as an ad-
olescent, followed by Skinny Puppy and 
Nine Inch Nails. "I had a girl come up to me 
and say,'' was always afraid von were going 
to beat me up:and I'd never spoken to her: 
says Grey. She laughs. "Ifs funny how you 
can make an impression on someone with-
out saying anything? 
As Freud taught, children have sexual 
fantasies that they later repress. but Grey 
thinks she remembers hen. "From the 
titne I was fourorliNt. I had a lot of BD/SM 
fantasies; she says. 'I vividly remember 
coming down some sort of manhole, but 
when I came under there was a big black 
room. I'm shackled up in there. and I'm 
fucking some guy: She told her best friend. 
who told Sasha's parents. "They said I 
wasn't allowed to dream those things, that 
it was for adults. I felt incredibly guilty 
that I couldn't have these thoughts? She 
also says that spa• and another girlfriend 
performed oral sex on each other around 
this age. Later, she had dreams about sex 
between men and enjoyed the masochis-
tic pleasure of skinning her knees. "Kids 
would joke about anal sex, and I would 
think about how it was really done, not in 
a joking way; she says."' asked my mom if 
sheerer thought about it. even a finger. and 
she would just say it was gross and laugh? 
Grey had her first boyfriend in eighth 
grade• but she didn't lose her virginity 
until she was 16, when she ran into an old 
friend. -We hung out at my house, watched 
movies and got a little drunk, and I was 
like. tees do it:" she says. "I was the ag-
gressive one. My girlfriends said that it 
didn't feel good the first time, but I liked 
it a lot' Her brother told her not to believe 
that guys who wanted sex were also inter-
ested in love. so she didn't get attached. 
She hated high school, skipped prom to 
see a Miranda July movie and refused to 
take the SATs. furious that she'd go into 
debt if she wanted to attend college. Soon. 
she latched on to someone interesting: 
the 27-year-old cook at the steakhouse. 
'I told him my fantasies, and he said he 
wanted to explore them too," she says. She 
began watching gonzo porn on the Inter-
net. then started with choking and worked 
up to anal sex. Everything that he did to 
her she insisted that she get a chance to 
do to hint too. 
"It was very healthy,' she says, then 
pauses. "At IS. I was so into the harder 
side of my sexuality, I was like, Tuck kiss-
ing somebody:" shesays. 'I still enjoy that. 
but now that he explored it in a deeper 
sense, in a business sense and a person-
al level, it's good to be able to take a step 
backward, to say. 'With pain, well, I don't 
like being slapped on my vagina, maybe a 
little bit hut not like I like being slapped 
on the facer I ask her what sexual acts she 
wants to perform. and she pauses. 'There 
is one fantasy I haven't lived out: she 
says. "I want to have sex on top of a wash-
ing machine. But even' place I've lived in 
with Ian, the washer has been stacked 
with a dryer, and we can't sit on it. I love 
the smell of laundry:. I get off on the smell 
of laundry? 
T'S HARD TO EXAGGERATE 
the anger of 21-year-old Ameri-
can girls at our culture's double 
standards: Be sexy. but not too 
sexy: assertive, but not demand-
ing: and the rest of the garbage that allows 
men to steal power. It's passible that part 
of Grey's enjoyment of her lifestyle is a 
revenge on that system, a renunciation of 
skewed gender relations meant to make 
girls weak. To her, the world of -normal" 
sex is unsophisticated, and she often tells 
stories of being mistreated by those who 
feel guilty because they have not embraced 
her path. Even with her star turn in the 
Soderbergh movie, she hasn't been able 
to land a good I lollywood agent, because 
they're worried their clients wouldn't want 
to be on a list with a porn star. With mega-
corporations running Hollywood. Grey's 
best shot at stardom may be the interna-
tional art-trash crowd, to he trotted out 
at Cannes as a mascot for a new Gaspar 
Noe movie. "Grey Goose was supposed to 
sponsor our party at the Tribeca Festival. 
and when they found out Sasha is an adult 
star, they no longer sponsored it.' says 
Soderbergh. "Porn is beyond mainstream 
now, to the point where everyone on TV 
looks like they're in porn, but there's still 
an attitude that pore is wrong? 
A few weeks ago. Grey had dinner at 
Pace, an Italian restaurant in Laurel Can-
win. She was tired from a day of lilming 
This Ain't Star nek XXX. in which she 
plays a Vulcan ravished by Captain Kirk. 
There was a bruise on her arm from having 
blood drawn for an obligatory syphilis test 
She's caught gonorrhea twice and chla-
mydia once - "Like getting the common 
cold: she says - and she requires partners 
to be checked for diseases two days before 
a scene. 'When you're in the industry, and 
your body is what you sell, (catching some-
t h inglmakes you feel like shit:she says. "I 
have a good enough reputation that I can 
demand tests from performers now? 
Grey's frankness is appealing, and 
though she says it a bit too loudly, she has 
Inc convinced that she is not a victim. She 
may be just another determined starlet. 
exploiting her perversity in the pursuit of 
fame. And its not clear that women who 
an• more turned on by foreplay than by the 
type of anatomically unpleasant porn she 
films benefit front her quest for sexual lib-
eration. For the past 40 years. the conun-
drum of porn and its meaning for violence 
against women has been debated in femi-
nist circles, with no resolution in sight. As 
heartbreaking as it is to think of sorori-
ty girls trapped in dorm moms with boy-
friends who expect them to act like Grey, 
ifs just as sad to think of Grey as a re-
pressed office drone who has to live out her 
fantasies in secret on Craigslist over the 
weekends. Someone is going to lose here, 
and ifs not Grey. "I'm standing up for my-
self:she says. 
Rotel xri STONE. MAT 44. 2009 .57 
EFTA00728978

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728979.pdf
----------------------------------------
se 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 19 of 22 
oeffie- 
/up
medication. It is not evident from the face of these requests, even given the allegations 
contained in the Complaints and the undersigned's knowledge of the facts and 
circumstances surrounding the action, how production of these responsive documents can 
in any way be seen to implicitly communicate "statements of fact? Nor is it evident from 
the face of these requests how production of responsive documents may "implicitly 
authenticate" items that are not themselves incriminating. It is therefore incumbent on 
Epstein to make a particularized showing, demonstrating how the act of producing 
responses to these requests would entail testimonial incrimination.  Wuikowski, 929 F.2d 
at 984 (4th Cir. 1991). Epstein has failed to sustain his burden in this regard. Accordingly, 
Epstein's assertion of his Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination in response 
to Requests 7 and 23 is denied, and Plaintiff's Motion as it relates to these requests is 
granted. Defendant has ten (10) days from the date hereof in which to produce documents 
responsive to these requests. 
Plaintiffs Motion as it relates to requests for air travel documents (Request 10), 
. model agency documents (Request 11), social networking site documents and photos 
(Request 18), witness statements (Request 19), and personal calendars or schedules 
(Request 21), is granted in part and denied in part. It is not evident from the face of these 
requests, even given the allegations contained in the Complaints and the undersigned's 
knowledge of the facts and circumstances surrounding the action, how production of 
responsive documents can in any way be seen to implicitly communicate 'statements of 
fact? Nor is it evident from the face of the requests how production of responsive 
documents may "implicitly authenticate" items that are not themselves incriminating. It is 
therefore incumbent on Epstein to make a particularized showing, demonstrating how the 
EFTA00728979
--- PAGE 2 ---
ase 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 242 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/04/2009 
Page 20 of 22 
act of producing responses to these requests would entail testimonial incrimination. 
Wujkowski, 929 F.2d at 984 (4th Cir. 1991). Epstein has failed to sustain his burden in this 
regard. 
Nonetheless, because the undersigned can imagine a scenario where production 
of documents responsive to these requests might constitute testimonial self incrimination, 
the Court defers ruling on the issue until such time as Epstein supplements his Response 
Brief by making a particularized showing, by in camera submission or otherwise, 
demonstrating how the Fifth Amendment may validly be asserted in response to these 
requests. Epstein shall have fifteen (days) from the date hereof in which to accomplish this 
task. Epstein has fifteen (15) days from the date hereof in which to produce documents 
responsive to any requests he elects not to address in the forthcoming supplementation. 
Plaintiff's Motion as it relates to Request 5, seeking "all telephone records and other 
documents reflecting telephone calls made by or to Defendant, is denied as overly-broad 
and unduly burdensome. Plaintiff has failed to satisfactorily explain the relevance of this 
information to this litigation. Given the tremendous burden of producing the requested 
information, coupled with its tenuous connection to the issues in this case, the Court 
declines to compel a response to this request. See, e.g, World Triathlon Corp. v. SRS 
Sports Centre SDN, BHD, Case No. 8:04-cv-1594-T-24TBM, 2005 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 15412, 
at *2 (MD. Fla. July 29, 2005)("the court may limit discovery upon the determination that 
the discovery sought is unreasonably burdensome or expensive or the expense of the 
proposed discovery outweighs its likely benefit, taking into account the needs of the case, 
the amount in controversy, the parties' resources, and the importance of the proposed 
discovery in resolving issues."); Priest v. Rotary, 98 F.R.D. 755, 761 (N.D. Cal. 
EFTA00728980
--- PAGE 3 ---
30' -9312200 
Herman &Mermelstein, P 
06:24:38 p.m. 
09-12-2008 
/86 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
l 1O -2' 
vs. 
( Via c' esam?
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
; 
AA('
Defendant. 
el' 
231 
c ifi
n71
AMENDED FIRST REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION 
TO DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Plaintiff, JANE DOE No. 2, by and through undersigned counsel, and pursuant to Federal 
Rules of Civil Procedure Rule 34, requests Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, produce all of the 
following items in the Defendant's care, custody, control, or possession, to Herman & 
Mennelstein, P.A., within thirty (30) days after the service of this Request. 
Definitions and Instructions 
a. 
The word "document" shall mean any written or graphic matter or other means of 
preserving thought or expression, and all tangible things from which information can be pro-
cessed or transcribed, and all visual depictions or images of any thing or person, including, but 
not limited to correspondence, memoranda, notes, messages, letters, telegrams, teletype 
messages, bulletins, diaries, chronological data, minutes, books, reports, charts, ledgers, invoices, 
worksheets, receipts, computer printouts, schedules, affidavits, contracts, transcripts, surveys, 
graphic representations of any kind, photographs, graphs, microfilm, videotapes, tape recordings, 
motion pictures or other films. "Document" shall be deemed to include the original and any draft 
thereof, and any copy of an original or a draft which differs in any respect from such original or 
draft. For any items containing child pornography, provide notice of contents to Plaintiff before 
producing the responsive item 
EFTA00728981
--- PAGE 4 ---
305-9312200 
Hinman &Mir melsteln, p 
06:24:53 p.m. 
09-12-2008 
/86 
b. 
The word "person" shall be deemed to mean any natural person or any legal entity 
including but not limited to the corporation, partnership, and or unincorporated association, and 
any officer, director, employee, agent personal representative or other person acting or 
purporting to act on its behalf. 
c. 
The words "identity" or "identify", whcn used with reference to a natural person, 
call for the following information: 
i) 
His or her full name, profession, address, and telephone number, or, if 
such present information is unknown, provide the last known identifying same; 
ii) 
The full name and address of each of his or her employers; and 
iii) 
His or her present position and his or her position at the time of the act to 
which the Interrogatory answer relates. 
d. 
The words "identity" or "identify", when used with reference to any entity other 
than a natural person, call for the full name of the entity, the type of entity (department, agency, 
corporation, partnership, etc.), and the address and telephone number of its principal place of 
business or operations, its principal business or other activity and its relationship, if any, to the 
parties to this litigation. If such entity no longer maintains an address, is engaged in business or 
other activity or bears any relationship to a party to this litigation, state his last known address, 
activity and/or relationship, and the date(s) thereof. 
e. 
The words "identity" or "identify", when used with reference to a document or a 
communication, call for the following information: 
i. 
Its nature (i.e., letter, telegram, memorandum, chart, report, canceled 
check, etc.), date, the signatory, the recipient, and the name and address of each; 
ii 
The identity of each person who signed the document or of each person 
who participated in the making of the communication; 
EFTA00728982
--- PAGE 5 ---
305-9312200 
Haman &Merme 
P 
06:25:08 p.m. 
09-12-2008 
/86 
ii 
The title or heading of the document or communication, if any. 
f. 
The words "Defendant", "you" or "your" refers to Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and 
any agent, representative, employee or person acting or purporting to act on his behalf, and any 
corporation, partnership or limited liability company in which Jeffrey Epstein is an officer, 
director, or has a controlling interest, and all subsidiaries and affiliates of such entitites. 
g. 
"Employee" shall mean any person employed to perform work for services for 
Defendant or by Defendant, either directly or indirectly, including without limitation: 
i. 
a limited partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other 
company or entity in which Defendant is a member, director, officer or person in control; 
and 
ii. 
persons employed by a partnership or a subsidiary of a partnership in 
which Defendant is a general partner or person in control. 
h. 
"Palm Beach Residence" shall mean that certain property located in Palm Beach, 
Florida, having an address of 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach Fl 33480. 
i. 
"New York Residence" shall mean that certain property located in New York, 
New York having an address of 9 East 71st Street, New York, NY 10021. 
j. 
"New Mexico Residence" shall mean that certain property located in New Mexico 
having an address of 49 Zorro Ranch Road, Stanley, New Mexico, 87056-9743. 
k. 
"St. Thomas Residence" shall mean that certain property located in St. Thomas 
having an address of 6100 Red Hook Quarters, Suite B-3, St. Thomas, U.S.V.I., 00807. 
1. 
The time period for the responses to these Interrogatories is January I, 2003 to 
present. 
m. 
"Florida Criminal Case" shall mean that certain case styled State of Florida v. 
Epstein, case no. 2006 CF 09454, Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Florida. 
EFTA00728983
--- PAGE 6 ---
305-9312200 
Herman &Mermolstein, P 
06:25:28 p.m. 
09-12-2008 
5186 
n. 
"Federal Criminal Case" shall mean that certain grand jury proceeding and 
investigation identified as Grand Jury No. 07-103 (WPB), U.S. District Court, Southern District 
of Florida. 
o. 
The name, "Jane Doe No. 2", shall mean the individual who is the Plaintiff in this 
case, whose name has been provided to Defendant. 
e time frame of these requests is January 1, 2003 to present, unless otherwi 
stated. 
REQUEST TO PRODUCE 
1. 
The list provided to you by the U.S. Attorney of individuals whom the U.S. 
Attorney was prepared to name in an Indictment as victims of an offense by Mr. Epstein 
enumerated in 18. U.S.C. §2255. 
2. 
All documents referring or relating go the United States' agreement with 
Defendant to defer federal prosecution subject to certain conditions, including without limitation, 
the operative agreement between Defendant and the United States and all amendments, revisions 
and supplements thereto. 
3. 
All documents referring or relating to Defendant's agreement with the State of 
Florida on his plea of guilty to violations of Florida Criminal Statutes, including without 
limitation, the operative plea agreement and any amendments, revisions and supplements thereto. 
4. 
All documents obtained in discovery or investigation relating to tither the Florida 
Criminal Case or the Federal Criminal Case, including without limitation, documents obtained 
from any federal, state or local law enforcement agency, the State Attorneys' office and the 
United States Attorneys' office. 
EFTA00728984
--- PAGE 7 ---
• Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 7 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 7 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. In addition, as defined by Plaintiff in 
paragraph g of her request, the term employee is overly broad and encompasses 
information that is neither relevant to the subject matter of the pending action nor 
does it appear reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible 
evidence. Further, the request seeks information pertaining to person who are 
not parties to this action and whose privacy rights are implicated. 
Request No. 7. All surveillance videos, slides, film, videotape, digital recording 
or other audio or video depiction or image of the Palm Beach Residence. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
EFTA00728985
--- PAGE 8 ---
' Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 8 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 8 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiff's complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
2005." Plaintiffs request seeks information for a time period of January 1, 2003 
until present regarding "all surveillance videos, etc., or image of the Palm Beach 
Residence? 
Request No. 8. All documents referring or relating to Plaintiff Jane Doe No. 2, 
including without limitation, web pages, social networking site pages, 
correspondence, videotapes and audiotapes. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
EFTA00728986
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 22 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 22 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attomey-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiff's complaint alleges a time period of In or about 2004 -
2005." On its fact, the request goes beyond the scope of allowable discovery 
and is meant to harass, embarrass and overburden the Defendant. Further, the 
request is so overly broad that it includes attorney-client and work product 
privileged materials. 
Request No. 23. All documents referring to or relating to Jeffrey Epstein's 
purchase or consumption of prescription medicine. 
EFTA00728987
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 23 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 23 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of 'in or about 2004 — 
2005." Defendant's medical condition is not at issue in this action. Such a 
request is meant to harass and embarrass Defendant. Further, such information 
is privileged pursuant to Fed. Rule 501 and §90.503, Fla. Stat. In addition, such 
information is protected by the provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and 
Accountability Act (HIPAA). 
EFTA00728988
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 10 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 10 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
Request No. 10. All documents referring to or relating to air travel and aircraft 
used by Defendant, including without limitation, flight logs and flight manifests. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time 
period of "in or about 2004 — 2005." Plaintiff's request seeks documents for a 
EFTA00728989
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 11 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 11 
time period of January 1, 2003 until present regarding air travel and aircraft used 
by Defendant. 
Request No. 11. Any and all documents referring to or relating to modeling 
agencies, including but not limited to documents relating to or reflecting 
communications with female models. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiffs complaint alleges a time period of in or about 2004 —
2005." Plaintiffs request has no time limitation. 
EFTA00728990
--- PAGE 13 ---
'Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 18 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 18 
Request No. 18. Any and all documents and photographs placed by Defendant 
at any time in the period of these requests on a social networking website, 
including without limitation, Facebook.com and MySpace.com. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiff's complaint alleges a time period of In or about 2004 —
2005." Plaintiffs request seeks documents and photographs for a time period of 
January 1, 2003 until present. 
EFTA00728991
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 19 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 19 
Request No. 19. 
Any and all documents reflecting or consisting of 
communications between Jeffrey Epstein and MC2 Models or Jean-Luc Brunel, 
relating or referring to females coming Into the United States from other countries 
to pursue a career in modeling, including, but not limited to, letters, notes and e-
mails. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and Inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Ha. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiff's complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 — 
EFTA00728992
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 20 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 20 
2005? In addition, the request seeks documents pertaining to females who are 
not non-parties, and who possess privacy rights. 
Request No. 20. Any and all documents referring or relating to gifts or loans to 
females under the age of 21, including, but not limited to, notes, receipts and car 
rental agreements. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiff's complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 —
2005." Plaintiffs request has no time limitation. 
EFTA00728993
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 57-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/02/2009 
Page 21 of 24 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein 
Page 21 
Request No. 21. Any and all personal calendars or schedules of or fon Jeffrey 
Epstein from January 1, 2003 to the present. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have 
counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce 
documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my 
Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my 
federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments 
as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional privileges,, the 
information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible pursuant to 
the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 
408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request is overly broad, work product, 
attorney-client privileged, and confidential. 
In addition, the request seeks 
information concerning persons, not parties to this litigation, whose privacy rights 
are implicated. Plaintiff's complaint alleges a time period of "in or about 2004 —
2005." In addition, the request encompasses attorney-client privileged material. 
Request No. 22. All documents written by Jeffrey Epstein consisting of personal 
thoughts, feelings or descriptions of events, incidents or occurrences in 
Defendant's life, including without limitation, any diaries of Jeffrey Epstein. 
EFTA00728994

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728995.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
RE-NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEO DEPOSITION 
fTo be produced? 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that plaintiff, Jane Doe, will take the video deposition by 
oral examination, of the persons named below, at the time, on the date, at the hour of 
the place indicated: 
NAME 
DATE AND 
TIME 
PLACE OF TAKING DEPOSITON 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Go Brett Jaffe 
Cohen & Gresser, LLP 
100 Park Avenue 
23"1 Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
July 1, 2010 @ 
9:30AM 
Cohen & Gresser, LLP 
100 Park Avenue 
2341 Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
EFTA00728995
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119-MARFtA/JOHNSON 
upon oral examination before US Legal Support Court Reporting, Notary Public, or any 
other notary public or officer authorized by law to take depositions in the State of New 
York. 
The oral examination will continue from day to day until completed. The 
depositions are being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such 
other purposes as are permitted under the Rules of Court. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing was served by e-mail and US 
Mail on June 15, 2010 to: See attached service list. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(954) 524-2820 
(954) 524-2822 fax 
By: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00728996
--- PAGE 3 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119•MARRAIJOHNSON 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court - Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldber er Esq. 
Robed D. Critton Esq. 
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell 
S encer Kuvin Es . 
EFTA00728997

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00728998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00728998.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
RE-NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEO DEPOSITION 
(To be eroducedi 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that plaintiff, Jane Doe, will take the video deposition by 
oral examination, of the persons named below, at the time, on the date, at the hour of 
the place indicated: 
NAME 
DATE AND 
TIME 
PLACE OF TAKING DEPOSITON 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Go Brett Jaffe 
Cohen & Gresser, LLP 
100 Park Avenue 
2r Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
July 1, 2010 @ 
9:30AM 
Cohen & Gresser, LLP 
100 Park Avenue 
23(d Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
EFTA00728998
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119-MARFtA/JOHNSON 
upon oral examination before US Legal Support Court Reporting, Notary Public, or any 
other notary public or officer authorized by law to take depositions in the State of New 
York. 
The oral examination will continue from day to day until completed. The 
depositions are being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such 
other purposes as are permitted under the Rules of Court. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing was served by e-mail and US 
Mail on June 15, 2010 to: See attached service list. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(954) 524-2820 
(954) 524-2822 fax 
By: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00728999

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729000.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729000.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-ev-80119-MARRAMOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
RE-NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorney will take the 
videotaped deposition of: 
DEPONENT 
DATE & TIME 
LOCATION OF 
DEPOSITION 
Jane Doe #4 
do Mennelstein & Horowitz PA 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
October 27, 2009 
at 11:00 PM 
Prose Court Reporting 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite #1500 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
upon oral examination, before Prose Court Reporting Agency, a Notary Public, or any 
other officer authorized by law to take depositions in the State of Florida. The oral, 
videotaped examination is being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for 
such other purposes as are permitted under the applicable Statutes of ljyles of Court. 
Robert D. 
non, Jr. 
Attorney r Defendant Epstein 
EFTA00729000
--- PAGE 2 ---
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the foregoing document is being served this day on all 
counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
electronic mail (c-mail) on this 14°' day of October. 2009 
Respectfully su 
By: 
ROBERT D 
Florida Bar o. 224162 
RIPITON, JR., ESQ. 
L . 
, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRI 
ON, LUTTIER & 
COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Stuart S. Mennelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
Counsel for Plaintiff's 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119, 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 
08-80994 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-522-3456 
Fax: 954-527-8663 
louraerliPiintim Related Case No. 
08-80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
EFTA00729001

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729002.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802. 09-81092 
RE-NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEO DEPOSITION 
(To be produced 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that plaintiff, Jane Doe, will take the video deposition by 
oral examination, of the persons named below, at the time, on the date, at the hour of 
the place indicated: 
NAME 
DATE AND 
TIME 
PLACE OF TAKING DEPOSITON 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
do Brett Jaffe 
Cohen & Gresser, LLP 
100 Park Avenue 
23'd Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
May 13, 2010 
@ 9:30AM 
Cohen & Gresser, LLP 
100 Park Avenue 
23'd Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
EFTA00729002
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
upon oral examination before US Legal Support Court Reporting, Notary Public, or any 
other notary public or officer authorized by law to take depositions in the State of 
Florida. The oral examination will continue from day to day until completed. The 
depositions are being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such 
other purposes as are permitted under the Rules of Court. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing was served by e-mail on April 13, 
2010 to: See attached service list. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
r
t I atiriorrialo FL 33301 
954) 524-2822 fax 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00729003

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729004.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80893CIV -MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
/ 
Re-NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the Plaintiff, JANE DOE, will take the deposition of 
Donald Trump on, September 24, 2009, at 11:00 a.m., at: 
Esquire Court Reporters 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 10119 
The deposition shall be conducted pursuant to the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 
and shall continue day to day, weekends and holidays excepted, until completed. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
by U.S. Mail and email transmission this  2 51- day of August, 2009 to all those on the 
attached Service List. 
EFTA00729004
--- PAGE 2 ---
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Tel: (954) 522-3456 
Fax: (9 
Email: 
By: 
BRAD EDWARDS, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
cc: 
Esquire Court Reports 
EFTA00729005

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729006.pdf
----------------------------------------
LEOPOLD-KUVINA 
CONSUMER 
JUSTICE 
ATTORNEYS 
May 14, 2010 
Hon. Donald W. Hafele 
Circuit Court Judge 
Palm Beach County Courthouse, Room 11.1204 
205 North Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
B.B. v. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
OUR FILE NO.: 080303 
Dear Judge Hafele: 
Enclosed please find a copy of Plaintiff's Motion to Compel Proper Responses along with a copy 
of the Notice of Hearing rescheduling this matter for June 14, 2010. 
Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
fled, 
STK/mlb 
cc: 
Bob Critton, Esq. 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
11‘.4
t5. 
'A 
) 
2925 PGA Boulevard 
Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens 
Florida 33410 
561.515.1400 
fax 561.515.1401 
leopoldkuvin.com 
CRASHWORTHINESS • MANAGED CARE ABUSE • CONSUMER CLASS ACTIONS • PERSONAL INJURY • WRONGFUL DEATH 
EFTA00729006
--- PAGE 2 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No: 502008CA037319)OOO{Mll AB 
Plaintiff 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant 
PLAINTIFF'S RE-NOTICE OF HEARING 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that Plaintiff shall call up for hearing the 
following: 
DATE: 
June 14, 2010 
TIME: 
8:45 AM 
JUDGE: 
The Honorable Donald Hafele, Courtroom 11B 
ADDRESS: 
Palm Beach Circuit Court 
205 N. Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
MATTER: 
PLAINTIFFS MOTION TO COMPEL PROPER RESPONSES TO 
PLAINTIFF'S SUPPLEMENTAL REQUEST FOR ADMISSION OF 2/4/10 
hereby certify that a good faith effort has been made to resolve the issues herein, 
or same shall be made prior to the hearing. 
I 
Y CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served by 
U.S. Mail this 
day of May, 2010, to: Jack A. Goldberger, Esq., 250 Australian Avenue, 
Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Bruce E. Reinhart, Esq., 250 Australian Avenue 
South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Robert D. Critton, Jr., Michael J. Pike, 303 
Banyon Boulevard, Suite 400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
LEOPOLD-KUVIN, P.A. 
2925 PGA Boulevard, Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
(561) 515-1400 
(561) 515-1401 
By: 
Cc: 
Prose Court Reporting 
SPENC 
Florida Bar No: 089737 
LECIMID.-PMPFAI, P.A. 
2925 PGA Boulevard, Suite 200, Palm 04005 Gardens, m 33410 
(561) 515-1400; (5611 515-1401 (facsimile) 
EFTA00729007

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729008.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXWB AD 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
Re-NOTICE OF TAKING DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the attorney for Defendant in the above-styled 
cause will take the deposition of 
n October 6, 2009 at 2:00 ■. for 
the purposes of discovery at the following location: 
Esquire Court Reporters 
515 N Flagler Dr 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-4321 
Said deposition will be taken before ESQUIRE COURT REPORTERS, a Notary 
Public or any officer authorized to administer oaths by the laws of the State of Florida, 
and a person who is neither a relative, nor employee, nor attorney, nor counsel of any of 
the parties and who is neither a relative nor employee of such attorney or counsel, and 
who is not financially interested in the action. 
Said deposition will be taken pursuant to Florida Rules of Civil Procedure in such 
cases provided. Said oral examination will continue from hour to hour and from day to 
day until completed. 
EFTA00729008
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 
502008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and Facsimile this Z94day of August, 2009 to: Michael Burman, Esq., & 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Critton, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery 
Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33394 
copies Furnished to: Esquire Court Reporters 
By: 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Florida Bar No. 542075 
bedwards(rra-law.com 
William J. Berger 
Florida Bar No. 197701 
wberoer@rra-law.com 
EFTA00729009

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729010.pdf
----------------------------------------
REEDER & REEDER P.A. 
SUMMARY 
US Dollars 
Description 
Amount 
Total Billed thru 12/8/09 
72,804.44 
Total Paid thru 12/18/09 - Critton 
0.00 
Total Paid thru 12/18/09 - JEE 
389.50 
Total Outstanding Balance as of 12/18/09 
37,414.94 
EFTA00729010
--- PAGE 2 ---
REEDER & REEDER 
. 
Invoice & Payment History 
US Dollars 
Payments from 
Date 
Payments from 
Date 
Invoice Date 
Amount 
Critton 
Paid 
JEE 
Paid 
10,000.00. 
5/27/2009 
7/12/2009 
30,365.00 
20,365.00 
9/1/2009 
9/12/2009 
5,024.50 
5,024.50 
10/14/2009 
12/8/2009 
37,414.94 
TOTALS 
804.44 
0.00 
389 50 
Total Outstanding Balance as of 12/8/09 
$ 
37,414.94 
EFTA00729011

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729012.pdf
----------------------------------------
Checkpoint Contents 
Federal Library 
Federal Source Materials 
Code, Regulations, Committee Reports & Tax Treaties 
Final, Temporary, Proposed Regulations & Preambles 
Final, Temporary & Proposed Regulations 
Regs. §§ 1.357-1 thru 1.367(e)-2T 
Reg §1.367(a)-1T Transfers to foreign corporations subject to section 367(a): 
In general (temporary). 
Federal Regulations 
Reg §1.367(a)-1T. Transfers to foreign corporations 
subject to section 367(a): In general (temporary). 
(a) Purpose and scope of regulations. These regulations set forth rules 
relating to the provisions of section 367(a) concerning certain transfers of 
property to foreign corporations. This §1.367(a)-1T provides general rules 
explaining the effect of section 367(a)(1) and describing the transfers of property 
that are subject to the rule of that section. §1.367(a)-2T provides rules 
concerning the exception from the rule of section 367(a)(1) for transfers of 
property to be used in the active conduct of a trade or business outside of the 
United States. Rules concerning the application of section 367(a)(1) to transfers 
of stock or securities are provided in §1.367(a)-3, while §1.367(a)-4T provides 
special rules regarding other specified transfers of property. Section 1.367(a)-5T 
describes types of property that are subject to the rule of section 367(a)(1) 
regardless of whether they are transferred for use in a trade or business. Section 
1.367(a)-6T provides rules concerning the application of section 367(a) to the 
transfer of a branch with previously deducted losses. Finally, §1.367(a)-7T 
contains transitional rules concerning transfers of intangible property to foreign 
corporations made after June 6, 1984 and before January 1, 1985. Rules 
explaining the operation of section 367(d), concerning transfers of intangible 
property pursuant to an exchange described in section 351 or 361, are provided 
in §1.367(d)-1T. Rules concerning the reporting requirements of section 6038B 
are provided in §§1.6038B-1 and 1.6038B-1T. 
(b) General rules. 
(1) Foreign corporation not considered a corporation for purposes of 
certain transfers. If a U.S. person transfers property to a foreign 
corporation in connection with an exchange described in section 332, 351, 
354, 355, 356, or 361, then pursuant to section 367(a)(1) the foreign 
corporation shall not be considered to be a corporation for purposes of 
determining the extent to which gain shall be recognized on the transfer. 
Section 367(a)(1) denies nonrecognition treatment only to transfers of 
items of property on which gain is realized. Thus, the amount of gain 
recognized because of section 367(a)(1) is unaffected by the transfer of 
items of property on which loss is realized (but not recognized). The 
transfers of property that are subject to section 367(a)(1) are further 
described in paragraph (c) of this section, and relevant definitions are 
provided in paragraph (d) of this section. 
EFTA00729012
--- PAGE 2 ---
(2) Cases in which foreign corporate status is not disregarded. Section 
367(a)(1) shall not apply, and a foreign corporate transferee shall, thus, 
be considered to be a corporation, in the case of any of the following: 
(i) [Reserved]. 
(ii) The transfer of property for use in the active conduct of a trade 
or business outside of the United States in accordance with the 
rules of §§1.367(a)-2T through 1.367(a)-6T; or 
(iii) Certain other transfers of property described in §§1.367(a)-2T 
through 1.367(a)-6T. 
(3) Limitation of gain required to be recognized. 
(i) In general. If a U.S. person transfers property to a foreign 
corporation in a transaction on which gain is required to be 
recognized under section 367(a) and regulations thereunder, then 
the gain required to be recognized by the U.S. person shall in no 
event exceed the gain that would have been recognized on a 
taxable sale of those items of property if sold individually and 
without offsetting individual losses against individual gains. 
(ii) Losses. No loss may be recognized by reason of the operation 
of section 367. 
(iii) Ordinary income and capital gain. If section 367(a) and 
regulations thereunder require the recognition of ordinary income 
and capital gain in excess of the limitation described in paragraph 
(b)(3)(i) of this section, then the limitation shall be imposed by 
making proportionate reductions in the amounts or ordinary 
income and capital gain, regardless of the character of the gain 
that would have been recognized on a taxable sale of the property. 
(4) Character, source, and adjustments. 
(i) In general. If a U.S. person is required to recognize gain under 
section 367 upon a transfer of property to a foreign corporation, 
then—
(A) The character and source of such gain shall be 
determined as if the property had been disposed of in a 
taxable exchange with the transferee foreign corporation 
(unless otherwise provided by regulation); and 
(B) Appropriate adjustments to earnings and profits, basis, 
and other affected items shall be made according to 
otherwise applicable rules, taking into account the gain 
recognized because of section 367(a)(1). Any increase in 
the basis of the property received by the foreign 
corporation resulting from the application of section 367(a) 
and section 362(a) or (b) shall be allocated over the 
transferred property with respect to which gain is 
EFTA00729013
--- PAGE 3 ---
recognized in proportion to the amount realized by the U.S. 
person on the transfer of each item of that property. See 
paragraph (c)(3) of this section for special rules applicable 
to transfers of partnership interests. 
(ii) Example. The rules of this paragraph (b)(4) are illustrated by 
the following example. 
Example. Domestic corporation DC transfers inventory with a fair 
market value of $1 million and adjusted basis of $800,000 to 
foreign corporation FC in an exchange for stock of FC that is 
described in section 351(a). Title passes within the U.S. Pursuant 
to section 367(a), DC is required to recognize gain of $200,000 
upon the transfer. Under the rule of this paragraph (b)(4), such 
gain shall be treated as ordinary income (sections 1201 and 1221) 
from sources within the U.S. (section 861) arising from a taxable 
exchange with FC. Appropriate adjustments to earnings and 
profits, basis, etc., shall be made as if the transfer were subject to 
section 351. Thus, for example, DC's basis in the FC stock 
received, and FC's basis in the transferred inventory, will each be 
increased by the $200,000 gain recognized by DC, pursuant to 
sections 358(a)(1) and 362(a), respectively. 
(c) Transfers described in section 367(a)(1). 
(1) In general. A transfer described in section 367(a)(1) is any transfer of 
property by a U.S. person to a foreign corporation pursuant to an 
exchange described in section 332, 351, 354, 355, 356, or 361. Section 
367(a)(1) applies to such a transfer whether it is made directly, indirectly, 
or constructively. Indirect or constructive transfers that are described in 
section 367(a)(1) include the transfers described in subparagraphs (2) 
through (7) of this paragraph (c). 
(2) Indirect transfers in certain reorganizations. (Reserved] For further 
guidance, see §1.367(a)-3(d). 
(3) Indirect transfers involving partnerships and interests therein. 
(i) Transfer by partnership treated as transfer by partners. 
(A) In general. If a partnership (whether foreign or 
domestic) transfers property to a foreign corporation in an 
exchange described in section 367(a)(1), then a U.S. 
person that is a partner in the partnership shall be treated 
as having transferred a proportionate share of the property 
in an exchange described in section 367(a)(1). A U.S. 
person's proportionate share of partnership property shall 
be determined under the rules and principles of sections 
701 through 761 and the regulations thereunder. The rule 
of this paragraph (c)(3)(i)(A) is illustrated by the following 
example. 
Example. P is a partnership having five equal general 
partners, two of whom are United States persons. P 
EFTA00729014
--- PAGE 4 ---
transfers property to F, a foreign corporation, in connection 
with an exchange described in section 351. The exchange 
includes an indirect transfer of property by the partners to 
F. The transfers of property attributable to those partners 
who are United States persons, that is, 40 percent of each 
asset transferred to F, are transfers described in section 
367(a)(1). The gain (if any) recognized on the transfer of 
percent of each asset to F is attributable to the two 
partners who are United States persons. 
(B) Special adjustments to basis. If a U.S. person is treated 
under the rule of this paragraph (c)(3)(i) as having 
transferred a proportionate share of the property of a 
partnership in an exchange described in section 367(a), 
and is therefore required to recognize gain upon the 
transfer, then—
(1) The U.S. person's basis in the partnership shall 
be increased by the amount of gain recognized by 
him; 
(2) Solely for purposes of determining the basis of 
the partnership in the stock of the transferee 
foreign corporation, the U.S. person shall be treated 
as having newly acquired an interest in the 
partnership (for an amount equal to the gain 
recognized), permitting the partnership to make an 
optional adjustment to basis pursuant to sections 
743 and 754; and 
(3) The transferee foreign corporation's basis in the 
property acquired from the partnership shall be 
increased by the amount of gain recognized by U.S. 
persons under this paragraph (c)(3)(i). 
(ii) Transfer of partnership interest treated as transfer of 
proportionate share of assets. 
(A) In general. If a U.S. person transfers an interest as a 
partner in a partnership (whether foreign or domestic) in 
an exchange described in section 367(a)(1), then that 
person shall be treated as having transferred a 
proportionate share of the property of the partnership in an 
exchange described in section 367(a)(1). Accordingly, the 
applicability of the exception to section 367(a)(1) provided 
in §1.367(a)-2T shall be determined with reference to the 
property of the partnership rather than the partnership 
interest itself. A U.S. person's proportionate share of 
partnership property shall be determined under the rules 
and principles of sections 701 through 761 and the 
regulations thereunder. 
(B) Special adjustments to basis. If a U.S. person is treated 
under the rule of paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(A) of this section as 
EFTA00729015
--- PAGE 5 ---
having transferred a proportionate share of the property of 
a partnership in an exchange described in section 367(a), 
and is therefore required to recognize gain upon the 
transfer, then—
(1) The U.S. person's basis in the stock of the 
transferee foreign corporation shall be increased by 
the amount of gain so recognized by that person; 
(2) The transferee foreign corporation's basis in the 
transferred partnership interest shall be increased 
by the amount of gain recognized by the U.S. 
person; and 
(3) Solely for purposes of determining the 
partnership's basis in the property held by it, the 
U.S. person shall be treated as having newly 
acquired an interest in the partnership (for an 
amount equal to the gain recognized), permitting 
the partnership to make an optional adjustment to 
basis pursuant to sections 743 and 754. 
(C) Limited partnership interest. The transfer by a U.S. 
person of an interest in a partnership shall not be subject 
to the rules of paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(A) and (B) if—
(1) The interest transferred is a limited partnership 
interest; and 
(2) Such interest is regularly traded on an 
established securities market. 
Instead, the transfer of such an interest shall be treated in the 
same manner as a transfer of stock or securities. Thus, the 
consequences of such a transfer shall be determined under the 
rules of §1.367(a)-3. For purposes of this section, a limited 
partnership interest is an interest as a limited partner in a 
partnership that is organized under the laws of any State of the 
United States or the District of Columbia. Whether such an interest 
is regularly traded on an established securities market shall be 
determined under the provisions of paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(D) of this 
section. 
(D) Regularly traded on an established securities market. 
(1) Established securities market. For purposes of 
this paragraph (c)(3)(ii), an established securities 
market is—
(i) A national securities exchange which is 
registered under section 6 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 USC 780; 
EFTA00729016
--- PAGE 6 ---
(ii) A foreign national securities exchange 
which is officially recognized, sanctioned, or 
supervised by governmental authority; and 
(iii) An over-the-counter market. An over-
the-counter market is any market reflected 
by the existence of an inter-dealer quotation 
system. An inter-dealer quotation system is 
any system of general circulation to brokers 
and dealers which regularly disseminates 
quotations of stock and securities by 
identified brokers or dealers, other than by 
quotation sheets which are prepared and 
distributed by a broker or dealer in the 
regular course of business and which contain 
only quotations of such broker or dealer. 
(2) Regularly traded. A class of interests that is 
traded on an established securities market is 
considered to be regularly traded if it is regularly 
quoted by brokers or dealers making a market in 
such interests. A class of interests shall be 
presumed to be regularly traded if the entity has a 
total of 500 or more interest-holders. 
(4) Transfers by trusts and estates. 
(i) In general. For purposes of section 367(a), a transfer of 
property by an estate or trust shall be treated as a transfer by the 
entity itself and not as an indirect transfer by its beneficiaries. 
Thus, a transfer of property by a foreign trust or estate (as defined 
in section 7701(a)(31)) is not described in section 367(a)(1), 
regardless of whether the beneficiaries of the trust or estate are 
U.S. persons. Similarly, a transfer of property by a domestic trust 
or estate may be described in section 367(a)(1), regardless of 
whether the beneficiaries of the trust or estate are foreign persons. 
(ii) Grantor trusts. A transfer of a portion or all of the assets of a 
foreign or domestic trust to a foreign corporation in an exchange 
described in section 367(a)(1) is considered a transfer by any U.S. 
person who is treated as the owner of any such portion or all of the 
assets of the trust under sections 671 through 679. 
(5) Termination of election under section 1504(d). Section 367(A) applies 
to the constructive reorganization and transfer of property from a 
domestic corporation to a foreign corporation that occurs upon the 
termination of an election under section 1504(d), which permits the 
treatment of certain contiguous country corporations as domestic 
corporations. The rule of this paragraph (c)(5) is illustrated by the 
following example. 
Example. Domestic corporation Y previously made a valid election under 
section 1504(d) to have its wholly owned Canadian subsidiary, C, treated 
as a domestic corporation. On July 1, 1986, C fails to continue to qualify 
EFTA00729017
--- PAGE 7 ---
for the election under section 1504(d). A constructive reorganization 
described in section 368(a)(1)(D) occurs. The resulting constructive 
transfer of assets by "domestic" corporation C to Canadian corporation C 
upon the termination of the election is a transfer of property described in 
section 367(a)(1). 
(6) Changes in classification of an entity. If a foreign entity is classified as 
an entity other than an association taxable as a corporation for United 
States tax purposes, and subsequently a change is made in the governing 
documents, articles, or agreements of the entity so that the entity is 
thereafter classified as an association taxable as a corporation, the change 
in classification is considered a transfer of property to a foreign 
corporation in connection with an exchange described in section 351. For 
purposes of section 367(a)(1), the transfer of property is considered as 
made by the persons determined under the rules set forth in paragraph 
(c)(3) of this section with respect to partnerships, and paragraph (c)(4)(i) 
or (ii), with respect to trusts and estates, and the rules of such paragraphs 
apply determining whether a transfer described in section 367(a)(1) has 
been made. 
(7) Contributions to capital. For rules with respect to the treatment of a 
contribution to the capital of a foreign corporation as a transfer described 
in section 367(a)(1), see section 367(c)(2) and the regulations 
thereunder. 
(d) Definitions. The following definitions apply for purposes of this section and 
§1.367(d)-1T. 
(1) United States person. The term "United States person" includes those 
persons described in section 7701(a)(30). The term includes a citizen or 
resident of the United States, a domestic partnership, a domestic 
corporation, and any estate or trust other than a foreign estate or trust. 
(For definitions of these terms, see section 7701 and regulations 
thereunder.) For purposes of this section, an individual with respect to 
whom an election has been made under section 6013(g) or (h) is 
considered to be a resident of the United States while such election is in 
effect. A nonresident alien or a foreign corporation will not be considered a 
United States person because of its actual or deemed conduct of a trade or 
business within the United States during a taxable year. 
(2) Foreign corporation. The term "foreign corporation" has the meaning 
set forth in section 7701(a)(3) and (5) and §301.7701-5. 
(3) Transfer. For purposes of section 367 and regulations thereunder, the 
term "transfer" means any transaction that constitutes a transfer for 
purposes of sections 332, 351, 354, 355, 356, or 361, as applicable. A 
person's entering into a cost sharing arrangement under §1.482-7T or 
acquiring rights to intangible property under such an arrangement shall 
not be considered a transfer of property described in section 367(a)(1). 
See §1.60388-1T(b)(3) for the date on which the transfer is considered to 
be made. 
EFTA00729018
--- PAGE 8 ---
(4) Property. For purposes of section 367 and regulations thereunder, the 
term "property" means any item that constitutes property for purposes of 
sections 332, 351, 354, 355, 356, or 361, as applicable. 
(5) Intangible property. 
(i) In general. For purposes of section 367 and regulations 
thereunder, the term "intangible property" means knowledge, 
rights, documents, and any other intangible item within the 
meaning of section 936(h)(3)(B) that constitutes property for 
purposes of sections 332, 351, 354, 355, 356, or 361, as 
applicable. Such property shall be treated as intangible property 
for purposes of section 367(a) and (d) and the regulations 
thereunder without regard to whether it is used or developed in the 
United States or in a foreign country and without regard to 
whether it is used in manufacturing activities or in marketing 
activities. A working interest in oil and gas properties shall not be 
considered to be intangible property for purposes of section 367 
and the regulations thereunder. 
(ii) Operating intangibles. An operating intangible is any intangible 
property of a type not ordinarily licensed or otherwise transferred 
in transactions between unrelated parties for consideration 
contingent upon the licensee's or transferee's use of the property. 
Examples of operating intangibles may include long-term purchase 
or supply contracts, surveys, studies, and customer lists. 
(iii) Foreign goodwill or going concern value. Foreign goodwill or 
going concern value is the residual value of a business operation 
conducted outside of the United States after all other tangible and 
intangible assets have been identified and valued. For purposes of 
section 367 and regulations thereunder the value of the right to 
use a corporate name in a foreign country shall be treated as 
foreign goodwill or going concern value. 
(iv) Transitional rule for certain marketing intangibles. For 
transfers occurring after December 31, 1984, and before May 16, 
1986, for foreign trademarks, tradenames, brandnames, and 
similar marketing intangibles developed by a foreign branch shall 
be treated as foreign goodwill or going concern value. 
(e) Close of taxable year in certain section 368(a)(1)(F) reorganizations. 
If a domestic corporation is the transferor corporation in a reorganization 
described in section 368(a)(1)(F) after March 30, 1987, in which the acquiring 
corporation is a foreign corporation, then the taxable year of the transferor 
corporation shall end with the close of the date of the transfer and the taxable 
year of the acquiring corporation shall end with the close of the date on which the 
transferor's taxable year would have ended but for the occurrence of the transfer. 
With regard to the consequences of the closing of the taxable year, see section 
381 and the regulations thereunder. 
(f) Exchanges under sections 354(a) and 361(a) in certain section 
368(a)(1)(F) reorganizations. In every reorganization under section 
EFTA00729019
--- PAGE 9 ---
368(a)(1)(F), where the transferor corporation is a domestic corporation and the 
acquiring corporation is a foreign corporation, there is considered to exist—
(1) A transfer of assets by the transferor corporation to the acquiring 
corporation under section 361(a) in exchange for stock of the acquiring 
corporation and the assumption by the acquiring corporation of the 
transferor corporation's liabilities; 
(2) A distribution of the stock (or stock and securities) of the acquiring 
corporation by the transferor corporation to the shareholders (or 
shareholders and security holders) of the transferor corporation; and 
(3) An exchange by the transferor corporation's shareholders (or 
shareholders and security holders) of the stock of the transferor 
corporation for stock (or stock and securities) of the acquiring corporation 
under section 354(a). 
For this purpose, it shall be immaterial that the applicable foreign or 
domestic law treats the acquiring corporation as a continuance of the 
transferor corporation. 
(g) Effective date of certain section. 
(1) In general. Except as specifically provided to the contrary elsewhere in 
these sections, §§1.367(a)-1T through 1.367(a)-6T apply to transfers 
occurring after December 31, 1984. 
(2) Private rulings. The taxpayer may rely on a private ruling under 
section 367(a) received by him before June 16, 1986. 
(3) Certain indirect transfers. Sections 1.367(a)-1T(c)(2)(i) and (iii) and 
1.367(a)-1T(c)(3) apply to transfers made after June 16, 1986. For 
transfers made before that date, see 26 CFR §1.367(a)-1(b) (revised as of 
April 1, 1986). 
MI
E ,5/W8k. , amend., 8280, 1/12/90 
8770, 6/18/98 
9441, 
12/31/2008  . 
© 2010 Thomson Reuters/RIA. All rights reserved. 
EFTA00729020

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729021.pdf
----------------------------------------
Checkpoint Contents 
Federal Library 
Federal Source Materials 
Code, Regulations, Committee Reports & Tax Treaties 
Final, Temporary, Proposed Regulations & Preambles 
Final, Temporary & Proposed Regulations 
Regs. §§ 20.7701-1 thru 1.7701(1)-3 
Reg §301.7701-5 Domestic and foreign business entities. 
Federal Regulations 
Reg §301.7701-5. Domestic and foreign business 
entities. 
(a) Domestic and foreign business entities. A business entity (including an 
entity that is disregarded as separate from its owner under §301.7701-2(c)) is 
domestic if it is created or organized as any type of entity (including, but not 
limited to, a corporation, unincorporated association, general partnership, limited 
partnership, and limited liability company) in the United States, or under the law 
of the United States or of any State. Accordingly, a business entity that is created 
or organized both in the United States and in a foreign jurisdiction is a domestic 
entity. A business entity (including an entity that is disregarded as separate from 
its owner under § 301.7701-2(c)) is foreign if it is not domestic. The 
determination of whether an entity is domestic or foreign is made independently 
from the determination of its corporate or non-corporate classification. See 
§§301.7701-2 and 301.7701-3 for the rules governing the classification of 
entities. 
(b) Examples. The following examples illustrate the rules of this section: 
Example (1). (i) Facts. Y is an entity that is created or organized under the laws 
of Country A as a public limited company. It is also an entity that is organized as 
a limited liability company (LLC) under the laws of State B. Y is classified as a 
corporation for Federal tax purposes under the rules of §§ 301.7701-2, and 
301.7701-3. 
(ii) Result. Y is a domestic corporation because it is an entity that is classified as a 
corporation and it is organized as an entity under the laws of State B. 
Example (2). (i) Facts. P is an entity with more than one owner organized under 
the laws of Country A as an unlimited company. It is also an entity that is 
organized as a general partnership under the laws of State B. P is classified as a 
partnership for Federal tax purposes under the rules of §§301.7701-2, and 
301.7701-3. 
(ii) Result. P is a domestic partnership because it is an entity that is classified as a 
partnership and it is organized as an entity under the laws of State B. 
(c) Effective date. 
EFTA00729021
--- PAGE 2 ---
(1) General rule. Except as provided in paragraph (c)(2) of this section, 
the rules of this section apply as of August 12, 2004, to all business 
entities existing on or after that date. 
(2) Transition rule. For business entities created or organized under the 
laws of more than one jurisdiction as of August 12, 2004, the rules of this 
section apply as of May 1, 2006. These entities, however, may rely on the 
rules of this section as of August 12, 2004. 
IM. 6503, 11/15/60 , amend... 8813, 2/1/99  Mt 
9153, 8/11/2004 
. 9246 
1/77/2006  . 
© 2010 Thomson Reuters/RIA. All rights reserved. 
EFTA00729022

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729023.pdf
----------------------------------------
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
AGREEMENT dated as of the [ ] day of [ 
], 20[ ], between the person 
whose name appears below (the "Investor"), and Environmental Solutions Worldwide 
Inc., a Florida corporation having its principal executive office at 335 Connie Crescent, 
Ontario, L4K 5R2 Canada (the "Company").
WHEREAS, the Company has issued and sold certain Debentures convertible into 
shares of Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.001 (the "Common Stock"), 
pursuant to a Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of [ 
] [ 1, 20 [ ] (the 
"Subscription Agreement"), between the Investor and the Company. 
WHEREAS, the Company desires to grant to the Investor the registration rights set 
forth herein with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the 
Debentures 
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto mutually agree as follows: 
1. 
Registrable Securities. As used herein the term "Registrable Security" 
means any shares of Common Stock (i) issued or issuable in connection with the 
conversion, of any Debentures issued to the Investor pursuant to the Subscription 
Agreement dated [ 
] [ ], 20[ ]; provided, however that with respect to any 
particular Registrable Security, such security shall cease to be a Registrable Security 
when, as of the date of determination, (i) it has been effectively registered under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and disposed of pursuant 
thereto, or (ii) registration under the Securities Act is no longer required by the Investor 
for the distribution or disposition of all of the Registrable Securities beneficially owned 
by such Investor. The term "Registrable Securities" means any and/or all of the securities 
falling within the foregoing definition of a "Registrable Security." 
2. 
Registration. 
The Company agrees to use its best efforts to file a 
registration statement (a "Registration Statement") with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "Commission") within [ ] days of the closing date of the transactions 
contemplated by the Subscription Agreement in order to register the resale of the 
Registrable Securities under the Securities Act. Once effective, the Company will be 
required to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement until the earlier of (0 
the date that all of the Registrable Securities have been sold, or (ii) the date that the 
Company receives an opinion of counsel to the Investor that all of the Registrable 
Securities may be freely distributed, sold or otherwise disposed of without registration 
under the Securities Act pursuant to Rule 144 (or any similar provision then in force) 
promulgated under the Securities Act. 
3. 
Covenants of the Company With Respect to Registration. 
The Company covenants and agrees as follows: 
I 
EFTA00729023
--- PAGE 2 ---
(a) 
In connection with any registration filed pursuant hereto, the 
Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to become effective 
as promptly as possible. Following the effective date of a Registration Statement, the 
Company shall, upon the request of the Investor, forthwith supply such reasonable 
number of copies of the Registration Statement (including, without limitation, the 
exhibits and schedules thereto), preliminary prospectus and prospectus meeting the 
requirements of the Securities Act (including, without limitation, any and all 
amendments or supplements thereto), and other documents necessary or incidental to 
the public offering of the Registrable Securities, as shall be reasonably requested by the 
Investor to permit the Investor to sell, distribute or otherwise dispose of the Investor's 
Registrable Securities. The obligations of the Company hereunder with respect to the 
Investor's beneficially owned Registrable Securities are subject to the Investor's 
furnishing to the Company such appropriate information concerning the Investor, the 
Investor's Registrable Securities and the terms of the Investor's offering of such 
Registrable Securities as the Company may reasonably request in writing. 
(b) 
The Company shall provide the Investor, any underwriter 
participating in any disposition pursuant to a Registration Statement, and any attorney, 
accountant or other agent retained by the Investor or underwriter (each, an "Inspector"
and, collectively, the "Inspectors"), the opportunity to review and comment (including 
reviewing and commenting on relevant documents and agreements) in the preparation of 
such Registration Statement, each prospectus included therein or filed with the 
Commission and each amendment or supplement thereto. 
(c) 
For a reasonable period prior to the filing of any Registration 
Statement pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall make available for inspection 
at the Company's offices and copying by the Inspectors such financial and other 
information and books and records, pertinent corporate documents and properties of the 
Company and its subsidiaries and cause the officers, directors, employees, counsel and 
independent certified public accountants of the Company and its subsidiaries to respond 
to such inquiries and to supply all information reasonably requested by any such 
Inspector in connection with such Registration Statement, as shall be reasonably 
necessary, in the judgment of the respective counsel, to conduct a reasonable 
investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act. 
(d) 
The Company shall promptly notify in writing the Investor, the 
sales or placement agent, if any, therefor and the managing underwriter of the securities 
being sold, (i) when such Registration Statement or the prospectus included therein or 
any prospectus amendment or supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, 
and, with respect to any such Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, 
when the same has become effective, (ii) when the Commission notifies the Company 
whether there will be a "review" of such Registration Statement, (iii) of any comments 
(oral or written) by the Commission and by the blue sky or securities commissioner or 
regulator of any state with respect thereto or (iv) of any request by the Commission for 
any amendments or supplements to such Registration Statement or the prospectus or for 
additional information. 
EFTA00729024
--- PAGE 3 ---
(e) 
The Company shall promptly notify in writing the Investor, the 
sales or placement agent, if any, therefor and the managing underwriter of the securities 
being sold pursuant to any Registration Statement at any time when a prospectus relating 
thereto is required to be delivered under the Securities Act upon discovery that, or upon 
the happening of any event as a result of which, any prospectus included in such 
Registration Statement (or amendment or supplement thereto) contains an untrue 
statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated 
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the 
circumstances under which they were made, and the Company shall promptly prepare a 
supplement or amendment to such prospectus and file it with the Commission promptly 
following notice of the occurrence of such event to the Investor, the sales or placement 
agent and the managing underwriter so that after delivery of such prospectus, as so 
amended or supplemented, to the purchasers of such Registrable Securities, such 
prospectus, as so amended or supplemented, shall not contain an untrue statement of a 
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary 
to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which 
they were made. 
(0 
The Company shall promptly notify in writing the Investor, the 
sales or placement agent, if any, therefor and the managing underwriter of the securities 
being sold of the issuance by the Commission of (i) any stop order issued or threatened 
to be issued by the Commission or (ii) any notification with respect to the suspension of 
the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for 
sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose 
and the Company agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to (x) prevent the 
issuance of any such stop order, and in the event of such issuance, to obtain the 
withdrawal of any such stop order and (y) obtain the withdrawal of any order 
suspending or preventing the use of any related prospectus or suspending the 
qualification of any Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement for 
sale in any jurisdiction at the earliest practicable date. 
(g) 
The Company shall prepare and file with the Commission such 
amendments, including post-effective amendments to each Registration Statement as 
may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective for the 
applicable time period required hereunder and, if applicable, file any Registration 
Statements pursuant to Rule 462(b) (or any similar provision then in force) under the 
Securities Act; cause the related prospectus to be supplemented by any required 
prospectus supplement, and as so supplemented to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 (or any 
similar provisions then in force) promulgated under the Securities Act; and comply with 
the provisions of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
(the "Exchange Ace'), with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by such 
Registration Statement during such period in accordance with the intended methods of 
disposition by the sellers thereof set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended 
or in such prospectus as so supplemented. If the Investor so requests, to request 
acceleration of effectiveness of the Registration Statement from the Commission and any 
post-effective amendments thereto, if any are filed. If the Company wishes to further 
amend the Registration Statement prior to requesting acceleration, it shall have five (S) 
days to so amend prior to requesting acceleration. 
EFTA00729025
--- PAGE 4 ---
(h) 
The Company shall pay all costs, fees and expenses in connection 
with all Registration Statements filed pursuant to Section 2 hereof including, without 
limitation, the Company's legal and accounting fees, printing expenses, and blue sky fees 
and expenses; provided, however, that the Investor shall be solely responsible for the fees 
of any counsel retained by the Investor in connection with such registration and any 
transfer taxes or underwriting discounts, commissions or fees applicable to the 
Registrable Securities sold by the Investor pursuant thereto. 
(i) 
The Company will take all necessary action which may be required 
in qualifying or registering the Registrable Securities included in a Registration Statement 
for offering and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such states as are reasonably 
requested by the Investors of such securities; provided, that the Company shall not be 
obligated to execute or file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a 
foreign corporation to do business under the laws of any such jurisdiction. 
(j) 
The Company shall cooperate with the Investor to facilitate the 
timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing the securities to be sold 
pursuant to the Registration Statement free of any restrictive legends and in such 
denominations and registered in such names as the Investor may request a reasonable 
period of time prior to sales of the securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. 
(k) 
The Company agrees generally to cooperate with Investors in 
effecting compliant resale of the Registrable Securities, including comfort and other 
customary broker agreements and documentations and certificates 
4. 
Additional Terms. 
(a) 
To the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify and 
hold harmless the Investor, its agents, trustees and beneficiaries, partners or officers, 
directors and shareholders of the Investor, legal counsel and accountants for the Investor, 
and each person who controls the Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or 
the Exchange Act, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (joint or several) to 
which they may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state 
securities laws, insofar as such losses, claims, damages, or liabilities (or actions in respect 
thereof) arise out of or are based upon any of the following statements, omissions or 
violations (collectively a "Violation"): (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue 
statement of a material fact contained in such Registration Statement, including any 
preliminary prospectus or final prospectus contained therein or any amendments or 
supplements thereto, (ii) the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact 
required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein not 
misleading, or (iii) any Violation or alleged Violation by the Company of the Securities 
Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities laws or any rule or regulation promulgated 
under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities laws; and the Company 
will reimburse the indemnified party under this Section 4(a), for any reasonable legal or 
other expenses reasonably incurred by it in connection with investigating or defending 
any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the indemnity 
described herein shall not apply any loss, claim, damage, liability or action to the extent 
EFTA00729026
--- PAGE 5 ---
that it arises out of or is based upon a Violation that occurs in reliance upon and in 
conformity with written information furnished by the Investor (or any agent of the 
Investor) expressly for use in connection with such registration by the Investor; provided 
further, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement with respect to any 
preliminary prospectus shall not inure to the benefit of the Investor, from whom the 
person asserting any such losses, claims, damages or liabilities purchased shares in the 
offering, if a copy of the prospectus (as then amended or supplemented if the Company 
shall have furnished any amendments or supplements thereto) was not sent or given by 
or on behalf of such Investor to such person, if required by law so to have been delivered, 
at or prior to the written confirmation of the sale of the shares to such person, and if the 
prospectus (as so amended or supplemented) would have cured the defect giving rise to 
such loss, claim, damage or liability. 
(b) 
To the extent permitted by law, the Investor will severally, and not 
jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its 
officers who has signed the registration statement, each person, if any, who controls the 
Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act and legal counsel 
and accountants for the Company, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to 
which any of the foregoing persons may become subject, under the Securities Act, the 
Exchange Act or any state securities laws, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or 
liabilities (or actions in respect thereto) arise out of or are based upon any Violation, in 
each case to the extent (and only to the extent) that such Violation occurs in reliance 
upon and in conformity with written information specifically furnished by the Investor 
expressly for use in connection with such registration which consists solely of the 
information specified in Section 4(d); and the Investor will reimburse any person 
intended to be indemnified pursuant to the foregoing, for any legal or other expenses 
reasonably incurred by such person in connection with investigating or defending any 
such loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the indemnity 
obligation of the Investor hereunder shall not in any event exceed the net proceeds 
received by the Investor from the offering giving rise to such liability. 
(c) 
Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party of notice of the 
commencement of any action (including any governmental action), such indemnified 
party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party shall 
deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof and the 
indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the 
indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly 
noticed, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to each party; 
provided, however, that an indemnified party (together with all other indemnified parties 
that may be represented without conflict by one counsel) shall have the right to retain 
one separate counsel, with the reasonable fees and expenses to be paid by the 
indemnifying party, if representation of such indemnified party by the counsel retained 
by the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing 
interests between such indemnified party and any other party represented by such 
counsel in such proceeding. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying 
party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action, if materially 
prejudicial to its ability to defend such action, shall relieve such indemnifying party of 
any liability to the indemnified party, but the omission so to deliver written notice to the 
EFTA00729027
--- PAGE 6 ---
indemnifying party will not relieve it of any liability that it may have to any indemnified 
party otherwise than under this paragraph. After notice from an indemnifying party to 
such indemnified party of its election to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying 
party will not be liable to such indemnified party pursuant to the provisions of this 
paragraph for any legal or other expense subsequently incurred by such indemnified 
party in connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation, 
unless (i) the indemnified party shall have employed counsel in accordance with the first 
sentence of this paragraph or (ii) the indemnifying party has authorized the employment 
of counsel for the indemnified party at the expense of the indemnifying party. No 
indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding 
effected without its prior written consent; provided, however, that the indemnifying 
party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying 
party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, consent to entry 
of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not 
include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such 
indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. 
Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be 
subrogated to all rights of the indemnified party with respect to all third parties, firms or 
corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. 
(d) 
The Investor confirms, and the Company acknowledges, that the 
information to appear in the table in the section entitled "Principal and Selling 
Shareholders" or equivalently named section in the Registration Statement under the 
headings "Name of Beneficial Owner," "Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to Offering -
Number of Shares," "Maximum Number of Shares Offered in this Offering," or 
equivalently named headings in the Registration Statement and in the footnote related to 
such information pertaining to the Investor constitute the only information concerning 
the Investor that will be furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of the 
Investor for inclusion in the Registration Statement. 
(e) 
If the indemnification provided for above is held by a court of 
competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an indemnified party with respect to any loss, 
liability, claim, damage or expense referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in 
lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party hereunder, shall contribute to the amount 
paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, liability, claim, damage 
or expense in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the 
indemnifying party on the one hand and of the indemnified party on the other in 
connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such loss, liability, claim, 
damage or expense, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative 
fault of the indemnifying party and of the indemnified party shall be determined by 
reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a 
material fact or the omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by 
the indemnifying party or by the indemnified party and the parties' relative intent, 
knowledge, access to information, and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement 
or omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentations (within the meaning of 
Section 11(0 of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who 
was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Section, the Investor shall not be required to contribute any amount in 
EFTA00729028
--- PAGE 7 ---
excess of the amount by which the net proceeds received by such Investor from the sale 
of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Debenture pursuant to 
a Registration Statement exceeds the amount of damages which the Investor has 
otherwise been required to pay be reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or 
alleged omission. The obligation of the Investor obliged to make contribution pursuant 
to this Section shall be several and not joint. 
(0 
Neither the filing of a Registration Statement by the Company 
pursuant to this Agreement nor the making of any request for prospectuses by the 
Investor shall impose upon the Investor any obligation to sell the Investor's beneficially 
owned Registrable Securities. 
(g) 
The Investor, upon receipt of notice from the Company that an 
event has occurred which requires a Post-Effective Amendment to the Registration 
Statement or a supplement to the prospectus included therein, shall promptly discontinue 
the sale of Registrable Securities until the Investor receives a copy of a supplemented or 
amended prospectus from the Company, which the Company shall provide as soon as 
practicable after such notice. 
(h) 
If the Company fails to keep the Registration Statement referred to 
above continuously effective during the requisite period, then the Company shall, 
promptly upon the request of the Investor, use its best efforts to update the Registration 
Statement or file a new registration statement covering the Registrable Securities 
remaining unsold, subject to the terms and provisions hereof. 
(i) 
The Investor agrees to provide the Company with any information 
or undertakings reasonably requested by the Company in order for the Company to 
include any appropriate information concerning the Issuer in the Registration Statement 
or in order to promote compliance by the Company or the Issuers with the Securities Act. 
(j) 
With a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 
144 and Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act and other rules and regulations 
of the Commission that may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of the 
Company to the public without registration, the Company covenants that it shall use 
commercially reasonable efforts to (i) file in a timely manner all reports and other 
documents required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and 
the rules and regulations adopted by the Commission thereunder and (ii) take such 
further action as the Investor may reasonably request (including providing any 
information necessary to comply with Rule 144 and Rule 144A, if available with respect 
to resales of the Registrable Securities under the Securities Act), at all times, all to the 
extent required from time to time to enable the Investor to sell Registrable Securities 
without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions 
provided by (x) Rule 144 and Rule 144A (if available with respect to resales of the 
Registrable Securities) under the Securities Act, as such rules may be amended from time 
to time, or (y) any other rules or regulations now existing or hereafter adopted by the 
Commission 
EFTA00729029
--- PAGE 8 ---
S. 
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and 
delivered in the State of New York and shall be governed as to validity, interpretation, 
construction, effect and in all other respects by the internal substantive laws of the State 
of New York, without giving effect to the choice of law rules thereof. 
6. 
Amendment. 
This Agreement may only be amended by a written 
instrument executed by the Company and the Investor. 
7. 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior 
agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the 
subject matter hereof. 
8. 
Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or 
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together 
shall constitute one and the same document. 
9. 
Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given when delivered by hand 
or mailed by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, as 
set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement. 
10. 
Binding Effect: Benefits. The Investor may assign his, her or its rights 
hereunder as set forth in the Warrant. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, 
and be binding upon, the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal 
representatives and successors. Nothing herein contained, express or implied, is 
intended to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto and their respective 
heirs, legal representatives and successors, any rights or remedies under or by reason 
of this Agreement. 
11. 
Transfer of Registration Rights. The rights of the Investor under this 
agreement may be transferred or assigned in connection with a transfer of Registrable 
Securities to any transferee or assignee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such rights 
may only be transferred or assigned if all of the following additional conditions are 
satisfied: (a) such transfer or assignment is effected in accordance with applicable 
securities laws; (b) such transferee or assignee agrees in writing to become subject to 
the terms of this Agreement; and (c) the Company is given written notice by the 
Investor of such transfer or assignment, stating the name and address of the 
transferee or assignee and identifying the Registrable Securities with respect to which 
such rights are being transferred or assigned. 
12. 
Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of 
convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or 
interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement. 
13. 
Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is held by a court of 
competent jurisdiction to be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction(s) shall be, 
as to such jurisdiction(s), ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability 
EFTA00729030
--- PAGE 9 ---
without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity 
or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed and delivered by the 
parties hereto as of the date first above written. 
Environmental Solutions Worldwide Inc. 
By: 
Name: 
Its: 
INVESTOR: 
By: 
Name: 
Tide: 
CAMISMCanerro2010‘aiminEsrvinenatialSuNtionArth OffairgrftvphtnahonR.O. Agroamet 2410 wo lemDOC 
EFTA00729031

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729032.pdf
----------------------------------------
Renee Burns 
Health/Life 
Payroll Taxes 
Total Cost 
Current 
Salary 
29,250 
16,779 (family) 
2,340 
48,369 
Proposed 
50,000 
16,851 (family) 
4,000 
70,851 
Net Additional Difference 
22,482 
EFTA00729032

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729033.pdf
----------------------------------------
Renee Burns 
Health/Life 
Payroll Taxes 
Total Cost 
Current 
Salary 
29,250 
16,779 (family) 
2,340 
48,369 
Proposed 
50,000 
16,851 (family) 
4,000 
70,851 
Net Additional Difference 
22,482 
EFTA00729033

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729034.pdf
----------------------------------------
I've met with three potential candidates to date and have one additional phone screen for today at 
4PM. Of the three that I have personally met, a summary follows. 
Jay Caplan is currently a systems administrator at a small company. His position there is being 
eliminated and so he is looking for a new opportunity. Jay has limited OS X support and is currently 
using Juniper equipment where we are using Cisco. He has been with his current company for 19 years; 
he is certainly capable of learning what is required though there will be some time for him to ramp up. 
Jay was referred to us by a technical recruiter where a fee is required in purchasing out the duration of 
his contract. 
Mark Patten was directed to us by a mutual acquaintance of Ike Groff. He is friendly and easy to talk to. 
Technically, I think that he has had limited experience as a singular support point. He has been 
promoted quickly in several of his positions so he appears to be a quick learner. He has experience 
supporting Mac OS X clients and Cisco equipment. His limited experience being the only IT guy may 
have him reaching out to resources regularly rather than having the knowledge to immediately solve 
issues. He has had a wide variety of professional experience and seems willing to get things done. 
Daniel King is Microsoft Server certified as well as Cisco Certified. As I explained the environment and 
how things were set up, he seemed to keep right up asking questions indicative of his understanding. 
He is my preference to fill the position as I believe he will quickly be able to pick up where I am leaving 
off. Further, he asked questions about certain design choices that I have made and agreed with those 
choices upon explanation. I believe he will be the best choice. Daniel has little Mac OS X support 
experience, but I'm certain his foundation will make it an easy task. He was introduced to us through a 
technical recruiter and will require a 25% fee as is the case with Jay Caplan. 
EFTA00729034

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729035.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
IN MATTER OF APPLICATION OF BRADLEY 
JAMES EDWARDS SEEKING CPLR 3102(E) 
ORDER FOR DAILY NEWS, L.P. TO PRODUCE 
TAPE RECORDING 
Index No. 112345/10 
REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
IN FURTHER SUPPORT OF MOTION FOR CPLR 3102(E) 
ORDER TO PRODUCE TAPE RECORDING 
Robert Y. Lewis 
Freeman Lewis LIP 
228 East 45th Street, 1711 Floor 
New York, New York 10017 
Tel: 
Fax: 
E-mai 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
(Motion for Pro Hac Vice 
Admission Pending) 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake Cit Utah 84112 
Tel.: 
Fax: 
E-Mail 
Counsel for Bradley James &Avon& 
Dated: November 11, 2010 
EFTA00729035
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
INTRODUCTION 
RESPONSE TO THE DAILY NEWS' STATEMENT OF FACTS 
ARGUMENT 
I. 
THE DAILY NEWS HAS WAIVED ANY PRIVILEGE THAT IT MIGHT 
OTHERWISE POSSESS 
11. 
THE QUALIFIED JOURNALIST PRIVILEGE IS OVERCOME BY EDWARDS' 
COMPELLING NEED TO OBTAIN JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S OWN WORDS 
ABOUT HIS SEXUAL ABUSE OF MINOR GIRLS AND HIS LACK OF 
REMORSE 
A. Edwards Needs Epstein's Own Words to Defend Against Epstein's Civil Suit 
and to Pursue his Counterclaim for Compensatory and Punitive Damages 
B. Epstein's Statements Are Not Available from Any Other Source 
CONCLUSION 
EFTA00729036
--- PAGE 3 ---
TABLE OF AUTHORMES 
Cases 
Doe No. 102 v. Epstein, 
No. 9:09-CV-80656-KAM (S. D. FIa. 2009) 
Altemose Constr. Cot v. Building & Constr. Trades Council, 443 F. Supp. 489 
(ED. Pa. 1977) 
Flores v. Cooper Tire and Rubber Co., 178P.Id 1176, 1183 (Ariz. App. 2008) 
Ulrich v. Coast Dental Services. Inc., 739 So.21d 142, 144 (Fla. App. 1999) 
Cooper Indus., Inc. v. Leathernum Tool Group, Inc., 532 U.S. 424 (2001) 
Statutea
N.Y. Civil Rights Law § 79-h(g) (McKinney 2010) 
passim 
EFTA00729037
--- PAGE 4 ---
INTRODUCTION 
The Daily News objects to producing a "confidential" recording that it has already 
described thoroughly to a number of people. The purported basis for this refusal is the journalist 
privilege, recognized in N.Y. Civil Rights Law § 79-h(g) (McKinney 2010). Yet that statute 
plainly provides that the privilege can be waived. A journalist "waives such exemption if ... [the 
journalist) voluntarily discloses or consents to disclosure of the specific information sought to be 
disclosed to any person not otherwise entitled to claim the exemptions provided by this section." 
N.Y. Civil Rights Law § 79-h(g) (emphases added). Remarkably, although the waiver statute 
was the lead argument in Bradley Edwards' opening memorandum of law (pp. 10-13), the Daily 
News does not even cite the statute in its response — much less demonstrate that the provisions do 
not apply here. The Court should simply find what Edwards has argued and the Daily News has 
not rebutted: That any journalist privilege has been waived — as specifically provided by law. 
The Daily News also stakes out the stark position that an audio recording of a sex 
offender discussing girls he sexually abused and their attorney is somehow not even relevant to 
litigation about that very subject in Florida. Movant Bradley J. Edwards is involved in a hotly 
contested lawsuit, in which he has been sued by Jeffrey Epstein for allegedly fabricating claims 
against Epstein, and in which he is seeking in response — via a counter-claim — millions of dollars 
in damages from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. The recording is Edwards' only opportunity to 
place before the jury Epstein's own words about the abuse of the girls (clear evidence that the 
claims prosecuted against him by Edwards were not fabricated). The recoding also demonstrates 
Epstein's hatred of Edwards himself (evidence displaying Epstein's ulterior motive which will 
support Edwards's counter-claim) and Epstein's lack of remorse for his crimes. The recording is 
therefore unique and indispensible evidence lbr his case — as the federal district court judge 
EFTA00729038
--- PAGE 5 ---
reviewing the same tape recording has already concluded in connection with a "Jane Doe" 
lawsuit against Epstein. Accordingly, for this reason as well, the Court should order the Daily 
News to honor the Florida Commissioner's order for production of the tape. 
RESPONSE TO THE DAILY NEWS' STATEMENT OF FACTS 
The Daily News has offered its own version of the facts. That version, however, omits 
many of the critical details necessary for fully understanding why Bradley Edwards is seeking 
production of the tape. Edwards therefore respectfully directs the Court's attention to his more 
complete statement of facts contained in his initial memorandum of law and accompanying 
affidavits and exhibits. A few of the "facts" presented by the Daily News, however, are worthy 
of a brief response here. 
First, the Daily News would have this Court conclude that "Epstein made no material 
admissions regarding the young women suing him for sexual abuse." Daily News Memo. of 
Law at 6 (citing Rush Supp. Aff. 7 4-5) (emphasis in original). This conclusory assertion is 
flatly inaccurate, as others who have listened to the recording have explained. One of the 
participants in a meeting at which the Daily News reporter played portions of the tape 
immediately called Edwards' investigator and said, "My god, you've [got to] get this tape. 
[Epstein] talks about the girls." Fisten Aft at I 3. Similarly, Judge McKenna — who had the 
benefit of listening to the recording' — specifically ruled that the recording contains statements 
that are "of likely relevance to a significant issue in (Jane Doe v. Epstein], .. . or rather, 
depending on how used, two issues, liability and damages." McKenna Op. at 5, Lewis Aft, Exh. 
The Daily News argues at length that Judge McKenna's ruling is not binding on this Court. 
While this is true, Judge McKenna's ruling about what the very same tape contains is surely 
persuasive on the very same issues presented to this Court. 
EFTA00729039
--- PAGE 6 ---
5. Indeed, Judge McKenna specifically highlighted a statement made by Epstein in the first full 
paragraph of page 15 of the transcript as being particularly salient. 
Second, in its statement of facts, the Daily News does not acknowledge that its reporter 
has repeatedly and thoroughly disclosed the contents of the recording. For example, the single 
sentence in Daily News' memorandum on the disclosure to Edwards' investigator states —
misleadingly — that its reporter "paraphrased aspects of the Epstein interview." Daily News 
Memo. of Law at 7(emphasis added). In fact, the reporter thoroughly described what was on the 
recording, including revealing the following information: 
• Epstein begins the recorded interview by describing how he came from Brooklyn 
and became wealthy (Fisten Aff. at & 8); 
• Epstein said that people do not like it when people make good and that was one 
reason he (Epstein) was being targeted by civil suits filed by young girls in 
Florida (i.e., Jane Doe) (id.); 
• Epstein said that he (Epstein) had done nothing wrong (id); 
• Epstein said that he (Epstein) had gone to jail in Florida for soliciting prostitution 
for no reason (id.); 
• Epstein said that if the same thing (i.e., sexual abuse of minor girls) had happened 
in New York, he (Epstein) would have received only a $200 fine (id); 
• Epstein made very negative and derogatory comments about Jane Doe's attorney 
Brad Edwards and that Edwards was the one causing all of Epstein's problems 
(i.e., the civil suits brought by Jane Doe and other girls) (id.); 
• Epstein said that ■., one of Edwards' clients who has sued Epstein for sexual 
abuse as a minor, was a prostitute and a drug user (i.e., came to Epstein for sex, 
rather than Epstein pursuing her) (id. );2
• Epstein said that all the girls suing him (e.g., Jane Doe) are only trying to get a 
meal ticket (id.); 
• Epstein said that the only thing he might have done wrong was to maybe cross the 
line a little too closely (id.); 
M. was identified as a co-defendant of Edwards in the Epstein vs. Edwards lawsuit. 
EFTA00729040
--- PAGE 7 ---
• Epstein said he was very upset that Edwards had subpoenaed Ghisline Maxwell, 
referring to her as a good person that did nothing wrong (i.e., had done nothing 
wrong even though she helped procure young girls to satisfy Epstein's sexual 
desires) (id)•3
• Epstein spoke directly about another civil case that was filed against him, Jane 
Doe 102 v. Epstein,4 which involved an allegation that Epstein had repeatedly 
sexually abused a I 5-year-old girl, forced her to have sex with his friends, and 
flew her on his private plane nationally and internationally for the purposes of 
sexually molesting and abusing her, and that Epstein had flippantly said that the 
case was dismissed, indicating that the allegations were ridiculous and untrue 
(id.). 
In light of these details that have been disclosed, it seems obvious that the Daily News reporter 
did much more than just describe a few "aspects" of the recording: rather, he described the sum 
and substance of the recording. Thus, as Judge McKenna concluded after listening to the entire 
recording and comparing it to what has been disclosed, the reporter "paraphrased the interview 
relatively thoroughly." McKenna Op. at 3 (emphasis added)? 
Third, the Daily News inaccurately describes the litigation that forms the basis for Florida 
Commissioner's order that Edwards seeks to enforce. Epstein filed a suit against Edwards, 
alleging that Edwards and others had been involved in "the filing of legal motions and the pursuit 
of a civil litigation strategy that was unrelated to the merits or values of their clients' cases .. .." 
Complaint, Introductory Paragraph. Epstein further alleged that Edwards and others created 
bogus allegations by "claiming the need for anonymity with regard to existing or fabricated 
clients ... [and] were able to effectively use initials, Jane Doe or other anonymous designations . 
.. [as] a key element of the fraudulent scheme." Complaint 123. 
Edwards subpoena to Maxwell appears to form one of the grounds for the Epstein vs. Edwards 
lawsuit. See Epstein Complaint at 141. 
See Doe No. 102 v. Epstein, No. 9:09-CV-80656-KAM (S. D. Fla. 2009). 
The Daily News asserts that Judge McKenna "did not accept Edwards' waiver argument." 
Daily News Legal Memo, at 8. In fact, Judge McKenna never reached the waiver argument 
because he granted full relief for Jane Doe on the basis that any privilege had been overcome. 
EFTA00729041
--- PAGE 8 ---
In response, Edwards filed a counter-claim against Epstein. The counterclaim alleges 
that Epstein filal his lawsuit "for the sole purpose of further attempting to intimidate Edwards, 
■., and others into abandoning or settling their legitimate claims for less than their just and 
reasonable value." Counterclaim, & 9.6 The counterclaim also alleges that "Epstein has ulterior 
motives and purposes in exercising such illegal, improper, and perverted use of process. His real 
purpose was to put pressure on Edwards„ and other victims by publishing what amounts to 
nothing more than a press release issued under the cloak of protection of the litigation privilege." 
Id at & II. The counterclaim accordingly requests compensatory damages and a Motion to add 
punitive damages is pending. 
The Daily News describes the counterclaim as solely an abuse of process claim, involving 
only events after Epstein filed his lawsuit. See Daily News Memo. of Law at 17-18. But as is 
apparent from the recitation of the counterclaim above, it is not so narrowly circumscribed: it 
includes both Epstein's actions in filing the suit and in prosecuting the suit. More importantly, 
the Daily News never acknowledges that Edwards is seeking through the counterclaim millions 
of dollars in punitive damages — the minimum amount necessary to deter a billionaire from filing 
and pursuing frivolous litigation as a means of intimidating victims of his sexual assaults and the 
attorneys representing Epstein's sexual abuse victims. Perhaps more importantly, Edwards is 
still defending Epstein's claims that Edwards fabricated claims against him, including claims that 
Edwards prosecuted on behalf of ■. 
ARGUMENT
I. 
THE DAILY NEWS HAS WAIVED ANY PRIVILEGE THAT IT MIGHT 
OTHERWISE POSSESS. 
The counterclaim is attached to the Daily News' Balin Aft: at Ex. B. 
EFTA00729042
--- PAGE 9 ---
In his opening brief, Edwards' lead argument was that the Daily News has waived any 
privilege by disclosing the contents of the recording. The Daily News only briefly responds. It 
contends that because the disclosures were part of some alleged "newsgathering process," they 
did not constitute a waiver. Daily News Memo. of Law at 27. 
The Daily News does not explain how its "newsgathering process" theory operates under 
New York law. The Daily News cites cases from Pennsylvania, Arizona, and Florida which (it 
claims) support such a theory. See id. at 29-30. But entirely missing from this section of its brief 
is any reference to New York law. 
The reason the Daily News is unable to cite New York law is that the New York shield 
law does not draw fine distinctions between disclosures for a "newsgathering process" and 
disclosures for any other reason. Instead, it simply says that if information is disclosed, then any 
privilege is waived. New York's shield law flatly provides: 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this section, a person entitled to claim the 
exemption provided under subdivision (b) or (c) of this section waives such 
exemption if such person voluntarily discloses or consents to disclosure of the 
specific information sought to be disclosed to any person not otherwise entitled to 
claim the exemptions provided by this section. 
N.Y. Civil Rights Law § 79-h(g) (McKinney 2010) (emphases added). 
Under this controlling New York statute, the Daily News has obviously waived any 
privilege. As explained both in Edwards' opening brief (Edwards Memo. of Law at 11-12) and 
above (supra at 3-4), the Daily News' reporter has disclosed at least ten parts of the recording to 
Edwards' private investigator and has played at least several minutes of the tape to other non-
exempt persons. These disclosures were obviously (in the words of the statute) "voluntary." 
And these disclosures were obviously made to persons "not otherwise entitled to claim the 
exemptions provided by this section" — i.e., persons who are not journalists working for the Daily 
EFTA00729043
--- PAGE 10 ---
News, such as the private investigator working for Edwards. Simply put — the Daily News has 
waived its privilege. Accordingly, the Court should order the Daily News to provide the 
recording to Edwards. 
In addition, the Daily News "newsgathering theory" is not supported by the law of other 
jurisdictions or by notions of sound public policy. The Daily News attempts to take this position 
even though the reporter was giving information, not "gathering" information or news. If the 
Daily News' theory were to be accepted, then reporters could avoid subpoenas for any 
information, no matter how lacking in confidentiality that information might be. The reporter 
would simply claim that the information was part of some amorphous "newsgathering" process 
to gain privilege. For example, in this case, the Daily News takes the position that describing to 
Edwards' investigator what Epstein said to the reporter — not under any promise of 
confidentiality — is apparently a newsgathering process entitled to privilege. 
Not surprisingly, other jurisdictions have been unwilling to create such a broad 
exemption from complying with lawful subpoenas. Thus, the cases cited by the Daily News 
generally stand for no such sweeping rule, but rather different propositions -- such as the fact that 
broadcasting a small part of a document does not waive protection of all parts (Altemose Consir. 
Cot v. Building & Constr. Trades Council, 443 F. Supp. 489 (E.D. Pa. 1977)), or that identifying 
a source as a "whistle blower" does not waive the right to refuse to disclose the source's name 
(Flares v. Cooper Tire and Rubber Co., 178 P.3d 1176, 1183 (Ariz. App. 2008)), or that state 
law can create a demanding rule against a finding a waiver for journalists (Ulrich v. Coast 
Dental Services, Inc., 739 So.21d 142, 144 (Fla. App. 1999) (creating such a rule under Florida 
law)). In any event, these off-point authorities do not constitute any reason for deviating from 
the clear command of a New York statute that a journalist can and does waive privilege if he 
EFTA00729044
--- PAGE 11 ---
"voluntarily discloses or consents to disclosure of the specific information sought to be disclosed 
to any person not otherwise entitled to claim the exemptions provided by this section." N.Y. 
Civil Rights Law § 79-h(g) (McKinney 2010). 
II. 
THE QUALIFIED JOURNALIST PRIVILEGE IS OVERCOME BY EDWARDS' 
COMPELLING NEED TO OBTAIN JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S OWN WORDS 
ABOUT HIS SEXUAL ABUSE OF MINOR GIRLS AND HIS LACK OF 
REMORSE. 
While the Daily News' waiver of privilege is a full and complete basis on its own to 
enforce the Florida commissioner's order, a second reason for doing so is that Edwards has 
overcome the Daily News' privilege claim. As the Daily News concedes, New York law 
provides only a qualified privilege, which can be overcome by Edwards making "a clear and 
specific showing that the [information]: (i) is highly material and relevant; (ii) is critical or 
necessary to the maintenance of a party's claim, defense or proof of an issue material thereto; and 
(iii) is not obtainable from any alternative source." N.Y. Civil Rights Law § 79-11 (McKinney 
2010). Edwards easily meets each of these three prongs. 
A. 
Edwards Needs Epstein's Own Words to Defend Against Epstein's Civil Suit 
and to Pursue his Counterclaim for Compensatory and Punitive Damages. 
In his opening brief, Edwards explained at length why he needs the recording of Epstein 
to defend against Epstein's civil suit and to pursue compensatory and punitive damages on his 
counterclaim. See Edwards Memo. of Law at 14-18. In response, the Daily News argues that 
Edwards is merely on a "fishing expedition." Daily News Memo. of Law at 16. As the Daily 
News describes the issue, the Epstein-vs.-Edwards lawsuit involves only a "Ponzi scheme" and, 
since the scheme was exposed two months after Daily News' interview, it cannot be relevant. Id. 
This is poppycock. The central issues in the Epstein-vs.-Edwards lawsuit revolve around 
Epstein's sexual abuse of minor girls. Epstein has argued that Edwards was involved in 
EFTA00729045
--- PAGE 12 ---
fabricating claims, motions, and clients for such sexual abuse lawsuits. Edwards has 
counterclaimed that all his actions in the sexual abuse cases were proper and that Epstein's 
lawsuit was itself fraudulently motivated to deter victims of Epstein's sexual abuse from 
pursuing their civil actions. Thus, at the heart of lawsuit is Epstein's abuse of minor girls — the 
central subject of the recording. 
Underscoring the direct link between the Epstein interview and the Epstein lawsuit are 
several important points. First, the recording provides the best evidence of Epstein's motive for 
harassing Edwards by filing his fraudulent suit. In the recording, Epstein made very negative 
comments about Brad Edwards, specifically that Edwards was the one causing all of Epstein's 
problems (i.e., the civil suits brought by Jane Doe, 
and other girls). Fisten Aff. at & 8. 
This is obviously critical evidence for Edwards, particularly with regard to his effort to expose 
Epstein's true motive for filing his lawsuit and to obtain punitive damages against Epstein. 
Second, in the interview, Epstein specifically discusses.. (one of Edwards' clients), 
stating in the interview that M. came to him as a prostitute and a drug user (i.e., came to 
Epstein for sex, rather than Epstein pursuing her). Id. Here again, this links directly to the 
Epstein-vs.-Edwards lawsuit. A number of Epstein's allegations pertain to Edwards' handling of 
M's lawsuit. See Complaint, & 7 (alleging M. was part of the scheme against Epstein); & 
31(c) (alleging M. was paid "up-front money"); & 41(i) (alleging that M's case was "weak 
and had minimal value"); & 42 (j) (alleging that Edwards filed in bad faith a complaint seeking 
damages for Epstein forcing M. to engage in oral sex); & 46 (alleging that M's allegations 
and testimony were "severely compromised"); & 47 (alleging that IM's allegations of abuse 
were altered and enhanced once she was represented by Edwards); & 48 (alleging fraud on the 
court by M.). The recording clearly sheds important light on these issues in the lawsuit. 
EFTA00729046
--- PAGE 13 ---
Third, and perhaps most importantly, the entire recording is going to show a billionaire 
sex offender devoid of any remorse for his crimes and any pity for his victims — a billionaire who 
will stop at nothing to get his way sexually and otherwise. This will be central evidence in 
Edwards' punitive damages case against Epstein. It is therefore no exaggeration to say that the 
tape recording is evidence on which millions of dollars in damages could turn. As Edwards 
explained in his opening brief (without response from the Daily News), punitive damages are 
"'quasi-criminal,' [and] operate as 'private fines' intended to punish the defendant and to deter 
future wrongdoing." Edwards Memo. of Law at 16 (citing Cooper Indus., Inc. v. Leatherman 
Tool Group, Inc., 532 U.S. 424, 432 (2001)). Thus, if Epstein lacks remorse for his abuse of the 
young victims and was motivated by animus towards their attorney (i.e., Edwards), the jury will 
need to impose a substantial punitive damage award to deter future abusive actions. 
The evidence is uncontradicted in this case that lack of remorse "will be a central issue in 
the punitive damages case against Epstein at trial." Edwards Alt at 117. And the evidence is 
also uncontradicted that the tape contains critical evidence on this subject. Commenting on his 
18-month jail sentence, Epstein states he did nothing wrong and went to jail for no reason. 
Fisten Aff. at 12. He further claims in the interview that if he had done the same abuse in New 
York, he would have only received a $200 fine. Id And — critical to the lawsuit involving Brad 
Edwards — Epstein remarkably blames Edwards for his problems rather than taking responsibility 
for sexually abusing minor girls. Id. This is unique and direct evidence of Epstein's lack of 
remorse that is not cumulative of anything else Edwards can present' 
In its brief to the Second Circuit on the "Jane Doe" case, the Daily News claimed that Epstein's 
recording "shows little more than a defendant, charged in multiple actions with committing 
heinous sexual abuse on a massive scale, defending himself to a reporter in an off-the-record 
interview." Appt's Br. at 29. But this is exactly the point: Rather than express any contrition for 
what he has done when speaking candidly and privately, Epstein believes he has essentially done 
EFTA00729047
--- PAGE 14 ---
B. Epstein's Statements Are Not Available front Any Other Source. 
In his opening brief, Edwards explained why Epstein's own words about the abuse are 
not available from any our source. Edwards Memo. of Law at 18. In response, the Daily News 
claims that information is available from many other sources. Indeed, the Daily News goes so far 
as to argue that Edwards has admitted he can get the same information from an "overwhelming" 
number of sources. Daily News Memo of Law at 20 (citing Edwards' motion for summary 
judgment). 
The Daily News is mixing apples and oranges. Edwards does have other witnesses who 
will testify that Epstein sexually abused them. 
for example, will testify to that fact. But 
the Daily News never responds to the glaring point that all of these other witnesses will be 
brutally attacked at trial. See Edwards Memo. of Law at 15. Edwards need not rely solely on 
witnesses whose credibility will be challenged. More importantly, Edwards does not possess 
any direct evidence of Epstein's own state of mind about his repeated sexual abuse of minor 
girls. This is a critical fact in the counterclaim against Epstein. The recording provides 
compelling evidence of Epstein's knowledge of what he was doing and lack of remorse. 
In addition, Edwards currently lacks any evidence of Epstein's own state of mind about 
Edwards. The recording will demonstrate that shortly before filing the fraudulent lawsuit against 
Edwards — i.e., in October 2009, just two months before the lawsuit was filed in December 2009 
— Epstein blamed Edwards for all of his problems. Fisten Aff. at & 8. This is clearly powerful 
evidence of Epstein's motive for filing the fraudulent lawsuit — motive evidence that no other 
source can provide. 
nothing wrong — or, more precisely, has done something so trivially wrong that it is worth only a 
$200 fine. This is powerful evidence for Edwards that Epstein will continue abuse behavior 
unless a large punitive damages award is imposed. 
EFTA00729048
--- PAGE 15 ---
Judge McKenna reviewed this issue of whether the materials can be obtained from other 
sources. lie specifically found that Epstein's statements on the recording "are not reasonably 
obtainable from other available sources" since "the record is quite clear that Mr. Epstein has 
regularly been asserting, and will continue to assert, his Fifth Amendment privilege to relevant 
questions. The fact that the recording is in Mr. Epstein's own voice is also significant from a 
trial perspective." McKenna Op. at 3-4. 
Nothing in the Daily News' pleading here undercuts 
Judge McKenna's conclusions. Accordingly, this Court should reach the same conclusion as 
Judge McKenna. 
EFTA00729049
--- PAGE 16 ---
CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, the Court should order the Daily News to produce the 
recording. 
New York, New York 
November I I, 2010 
Respectfully submitted, 
Freeman Lewis LLP 
'4/i 
By: Robert Y. Lewis 
228 East 45" Street, 17'h Floor 
New York, New York 
10017 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Paul G. Cassell 
(Motion for Pro Hac Vice Admission Pending) 
(: " 4—'4 ;telte)
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City UT 84112 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
E-Mail: 
cassel 1 DOlaw. utah.ed u 
Counsel for Bradley James Edwards 
EFTA00729050
--- PAGE 17 ---
AFFIRMATION OF SERVICE 
As agreed in advance with counsel for the Daily News, I HEREBY AFFIRM that on 
November 11, 2010, I caused to be e-mailed a true and correct copy of the foregoing 
Reply Memorandum of Law in Further Support of Motion for CPLR 3102(e) Order dated 
November 11, 2010 upon: 
DAILY NEWS, L.P. 
Anne B. Carroll (AC-5322) 
Deputy General Counsel 
450 West 33"I Street, 3n° Floor 
10001 
Attorneys for Daily News, L.P. 
and George Rush 
A copy was also sent via first-claim mail to 
Jack Alan Goldberger 
ATfERBURY GOLDBERG & WEISS, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
FL 33401-5012 
Attorneys for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
;it/PLAY 
Robert Y. Lewis 
EFTA00729051

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729052.pdf
----------------------------------------
FILED: NEW YORK COUNTY CLERK 01/29/2010 
NYSCEF DOC. NO. 25 
INDEX NO. 603382/2008 
RECEIVED NYSCEF: 01/29/2010 
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
..... 
DANIEL B. ZWIRN, 
Plaintiff, 
-against-
x 
: 
Justice Eileen Bransten 
: 
Part 3 
: 
Index No. 08/603382 
CORBIN CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P., CORBIN 
CAPITAL PARTNERS MANAGEMENT, LLC, 
CORBIN CAPITAL PARTNERS GROUP, LLC, and 
: 
REPLY TO DEFENDANTS' 
CORBIN CAPITAL PARTNERS ASSET 
: 
COUNTERCLAIMS 
MANAGEMENT, LLC, 
Defendants. 
X 
Plaintiff Daniel B. Zwim ("Zwim"), by his undersigned attorneys, hereby replies to 
Defendants' Counterclaims as follows: 
FIRST COUNTERCLAIM 
Breach of Contract with respect to the L.P. Agreement 
1. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 133 and refer to the Corbin, L.P. Agreement for 
its content. 
2. 
Deny the incomplete descriptions in Paragraph 134, admit that the quoted 
language appears in the Corbin, L.P. Agreement, and refer to the Corbin, L.P. Agreement for its 
complete content. 
3. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 135, and aver that Dubin & Swieca Asset 
Management, LLC (and its predecessor, Highbridge Capital Management) (collectively, 
"DSAM"), was a partner of D.B. Zwim & Co., L.P ("DBZCO") up until in or around September 
25, 2007, and aver that Zwim was the managing member of Zwim Holdings, LLC, which was 
EFTA00729052
--- PAGE 2 ---
the managing member of DBZ GP, LLC, which was the general partner of DBZCO and that up 
.until June 2, 2009 DBZCO was the investment manager of investment funds ("Funds") and 
separate individual investment accounts ("Managed Accounts"). 
4. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 136, and aver that during all times relevant to 
Defendants' counterclaims principals of the Defendants, who were also principals of DSAM, 
owned the same amount of DBZCO through DSAM as Plaintiff, controlled the largest pool of 
capital managed by DBZCO, and actively participated in management decisions of DBZCO. 
5. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 137. 
6. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 138 and refer to the article referenced in 
Paragraph 138 for its content. 
7. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 139 and refer to the article referenced in 
Paragraph 139 for its content. 
8. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 140. 
9. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 141. 
10. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 142, but admit that in October 2006 Plaintiff, in 
consultation with the management committee and a principal of Defendants, directed DBZCO to 
notify the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") about potential 
accounting improprieties at DBZCO, and that the SEC subsequently commenced an investigation 
into those improprieties; aver that at the time the SEC was notified, a principal of the Defendants 
knew the facts surrounding the potential accounting improprieties and the results of an internal 
investigation that had been conducted into the improprieties but did not claim that Plaintiff had 
committed "an act of fraud or dishonesty in the course of being a Partner or affecting his status 
as a Partner" or "an act which subjects the Partner or being enjoined, suspended or barred for 
EFTA00729053
--- PAGE 3 ---
violation of a Federal or State Securities or commodities law, rule or regulation, including a 
'statutory disqualification"; and aver that a principal of Defendants affirmed during conversations 
with Fund investors that Plaintiff had not committed any impropriety or act of fraud or 
dishonesty. 
11. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 143 and refer to the article referenced in 
Paragraph 143 for its content. 
12. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 144, and aver that the Defendants' belated 
allegation that Plaintiff committed a Forfeiting Event is a recent fabrication reached in bad faith, 
motivated by Defendants' principals' dissatisfaction with Plaintiff arising from other business 
agreements between the Defendants' principals and DBZCO. 
13. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 145. 
14. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 146, and aver that the Defendants' belated 
allegation that Plaintiff committed a Forfeiting Event is a recent fabrication reached in bad faith, 
motivated by Defendants' principals' dissatisfaction with Plaintiff arising from other business 
agreements between the Defendants' principals and DBZCO. 
15. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 147, but admit that in the summer of 2005, 
DBZCO determined that given Zwim's extensive business travel, it made sense to purchase a 
private plane, and ultimately determined that the plane would be owned by Z1 Holdings, LLC; 
aver that a principal of Defendants was involved in advising Plaintiff about the wisdom and 
logistics of acquiring an airplane. 
16. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 148, but admit that Plaintiff was told there were 
tax advantages to completing the transaction by a certain date. 
EFTA00729054
--- PAGE 4 ---
17. 
Deny the allegations contained the first sentence in Paragraph 149, but aver on 
information and belief that Merrill Lynch offered non-recourse financing for 90 percent of the 
transaction but required a $1.9 million letter of credit. 
18. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 150. 
19. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 151. 
20. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 152. 
21. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 153, but aver on information and belief that 
DBZCO's Chief Financial Officer at the time, Perry Gruss, was responsible for improyei ly 
causing Fund and Managed Account assets to be used to finance the purchase of the airplane, 
without Plaintiff's knowledge or consent. 
22. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 154, but aver on information and belief that 
Perry Gruss was responsible for improperly causing Fund and Managed Account assets to be 
used to finance the purchase of the airplane without the knowledge or consent of Plaintiff or the 
affected funds, and for any decision not to document a loan therefore. 
23. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 155, and refer to the document referenced for 
its contents. 
24. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 156, but aver on information and belief that 
Perry thuss directed the return of the funds to the Fund and Managed Account in November 
2005, and that he did not ensure that those repayments included interest. 
25. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 157, and aver that the "second account" 
appears to be HCM/Z Special Opportunities LLC ("HCM/Z"), which was managed by principals 
of the Defendants who owned the same amount of DBZCO through DSAM as Plaintiff. 
EFTA00729055
--- PAGE 5 ---
26. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 158, and refer to the documents referenced in 
"Paragraph 158 for their content. 
27. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 159, and refer to the article referenced in 
Paragraph 159 for its content. 
28. 
Deny knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth or 
accuracy of the allegations in Paragraph 160, but admit that Plaintiff was the only member of Z1, 
and that it was ultimately determined that Z1 would own the plane. 
29. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 161. 
30. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 162, except admit that Defendants purport to 
seek punitive damages. 
SECOND COUNTERCLAIM 
Breach of Contract with Respect to the Corbin, LLC Agreement 
31. 
Repeat and reallege the responses contained in Paragraphs 1 through 30 of this 
Reply, as if fully set forth herein. 
32. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 164 and refer to the Corbin, LLC Agreement 
for its content. 
33. 
Deny the incomplete descriptions in Paragraph 165, admit that the quoted 
language appears in the Corbin, LLC Agreement, and refer to the Corbin, LLC Agreement for its 
complete content. 
34. 
Deny the allegations in paragraph 166, and aver that the Defendants' belated 
allegation that Plaintiff committed a Forfeiting Event is a recent fabrication reached in bad faith, 
motivated by Defendants' principals' dissatisfaction with Plaintiff arising from other business 
agreements between the Defendants' principals and DBZCO. 
EFTA00729056
--- PAGE 6 ---
35. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 167, except admit that Defendants purport to 
Seek punitive damages. 
THIRD COUNTERCLAIM 
Bad Faith and Unfair Dealing 
With Respect to the Corbin L.P. Agreement 
36. 
Reply and reallege the responses contained in Paragraphs 1 through 35 of this 
Answer, as if fully set forth herein. 
37. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 169 to the extent that they call for a legal 
conclusion, but admit that the Corbin, L.P. Agreement contains an implied covenant of good 
faith and fair dealing. 
38. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 170. 
39. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 171. 
40. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 172. 
41. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 173. 
42. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 174. 
43. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 175, except admit that Defendants purport to 
seek punitive damages. 
FOURTH COUNTERCLAIM 
Bad Faith and Unfair Dealing 
With Respect to the Corbin, LLC Agreement 
44. 
Repeat and reallege the responses contained in Paragraphs 1 through 43 of this 
Reply, as if fully set forth herein. 
EFTA00729057
--- PAGE 7 ---
45. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 177 to the extent that they call for a legal 
conclusion, but admit that the Corbin, LLC Agreement contains an implied covenant of good 
faith and fair dealing. 
46. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 178. 
47. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 179. 
48. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 180. 
49. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 181. 
50. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 182. 
51. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 183. 
52. 
Deny the allegations in Paragraph 184, except admit that Defendants purport to 
seek punitive damages. 
AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSES 
FIRST AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
53. 
Defendants have failed to state a claim upon which relief can be granted 
SECOND AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
54. 
Defendants' claims for relief are barred by the terms of the Corbin, L.P. 
Agreements and the Corbin, LLC Agreements. 
THIRD AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
55. 
Defendants' claims for relief are barred because Plaintiff did not commit a 
Forfeiting Event and Defendants' allegation that Plaintiff committed a Forfeiting Event is a 
recent fabrication reached in bad faith. 
FOURTH AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
56. 
Defendants' claims for relief are barred in whole or in part by the doctrines of 
waiver and estoppel. 
EFTA00729058
--- PAGE 8 ---
FIFTH AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
57. 
Defendants' claims for relief are barred in whole or in part by the doctrine of 
unclean hands. 
WHEREFORE, in addition to the relief Plaintiff seeks in the Amended 
Complaint, Plaintiff respectfully requests judgment dismissing the Counterclaims with prejudice 
and granting other relief as this Court may deem just and proper. 
Dated: 
New York, New York 
January 29, 2009 
LANKLE S1FFERT & WOHL LLP 
By: 
Johfi S. Siffi 
Daniel E. Reynolds 
Andrew S. Lee 
500 Fifth Avenue 
New York, New York 10110 
(212) 921-8399 
(212) 764-3701 (fax) 
Attorneys for Plaintiff and 
Counterclaim Defendant 
Daniel B. Zwim 
EFTA00729059

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729060.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT ONLY 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.:10-CV-21586 
PODHURST ORSECK 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's Response to Defendant's Amended Notice and 
Motion for Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court 
The defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, responds to the Plaintiff's Response to his Motion for 
Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court as follows: 
I. The Plaintiff's Response, in its first sentence, indicates that it does not oppose the 
relief requested. The remainder of the Response is a gratuitous, unnecessary, 
inflammatory, immaterial, series of misrepresentations regarding the Defendant's 
intent in offering to deposit $2,000,000 into the Court and regarding the history 
and nature of the fee dispute that is at the core of the current litigation; 
2. As background, defendant Epstein executed a Non-Prosecution Agreement with 
the United States Attorney's Office ("USAO") on September 24, 2007 
thereinafter "Agreement"). The Agreement uniquely required that Epstein plead 
to state offenses  chosen by and-that the USAO  and they would agree not to 
federally prosecute him for various offenses that were under investigation. The 
Agreement also required that Epstein pay legal fees for an attorney representative, 
EFTA00729060
--- PAGE 2 ---
who was to be selected by an independent third party, and provide counsel to-with 
a list of individuals which was to  remained secret until after Epstein-' state-plea 
nine-metilltsEpstein agreed to waive liability to each name and to be disclosed 
only after he was incarcerated  after the execution of the Agreement. The fee 
obligation was not intended to be unlimited: it was to pay the fees of the attorney 
representative prior to his electing to file and/or filing "contested litigation" or 
"any other contested remedy" against Epstein and was to "cease" and not obligate 
Epstein "to pay the fees and costs of contested litigation filed against him" 
(Addendum to Agreement, Par. 7C). The fee obligation required that Epstein 
"pay such attorney representative his or her regular customary hourly rate". The 
Agreement did not address such issues as whether the attorney representative 
would be authorized to go outside his firm and hire and pay non-firm lawyers, a 
significant issue given that the Plaintiff is seeking over $1,000,000 in fees 
generated by two non-firm lawyers, one of whom remained employed as an 
Florida Assistant State Attorney while billing over $700,000 for her work on the 
Epstein matters. The Agreement implicitly limited the fees and costs being 
charged to Mr. Epstein so that they were reasonable and not unnecessarily 
duplicative given that Mr. Epstein, at the essence of these highly unorthodox 
requirements, was being obligated to pay the fees of an attorney who was his 
adversary both in settlement discussions and thereafter when he filed litigation 
against him. The Agreement further required that Mr. Epstein waive liability and 
not contest jurisdiction only-when certain well defined conditions precedent were 
fulfilled by litigating claimants, see, infra, Par 4b. Although the Agreement was 
EFTA00729061
--- PAGE 3 ---
silent on the timing of interim payments, and on what procedure would be used to 
resolve disputes as to whether certain invoiced charges were outside the 
Agreement's fee obligations, clearly Mr. Epstein was not mandated by the 
Agreement to simply write a blank check for over $2,500,000 of fees upon 
demand or be automatically in breach of the Agreement as contended by 
Plaintiffs. On numerous occasions before the filing of this litigation, Mr. Epstein 
has offered to review the invoices with the Plaintiffs on a line by line basis, offers 
that at the end were refused. Mr. Epstein has repeatedly offered to submit the 
disputed invoices to a neutral third party, and resolve the disputed fee issues 
without litigation however such offers were refused by Plaintiff. As will be 
shown, Mr. Epstein has principled disputes with the reasonableness of the fee 
request, the duplication of work by both firm and non-firm lawyers, the including 
of fees and costs attributable to contested litigation brought by three of the 
attorney representative's clients rather than to "consideration of potential 
settlements" as was contemplated by the Agreement's fee provisions, and to the 
enormous fee demands made by non-firm lawyers whose retention was 
unnecessary and unauthorized by the Agreement. Mr. Epstein did not willfully 
breach the Agreement. He paid $526,000 of the Plaintiffs interim bills while 
reserving his right to contest both the fees and costs charged. H
e 
remaimiler,He is seeking to place $2,000,000 in Trust as security against any 
potential future determination by this Court that any additional fees and costs are 
owed under the Agreement; 
EFTA00729062
--- PAGE 4 ---
3. Mr. Epstein's intent in seeking that his pending Motion be allowed is only to 
fulfill his obligations under the Non-Prosecution Agreement to pay all reasonable 
settlement-related fees according to the terms of the Agreement. As stated, Mr. 
Epstein should not be required to issue a "blank check" to pay interim legal bills 
which clearly include excessive or duplicate charges and further include 
litigation-related fees and costs that are outside the Agreement. Amongst the 
principled issues that are raised by the Complaint are as follows: 
a) $1,073,000 of the disputed amount result from charges attributed to two 
attorneys who are not members of the attorney representative's firm, one 
of whom was a sitting  Florida  state prosecutor at the time. Although Mr. 
Epstein "agreed to pay the fees of the attorney representative selected ...", 
NPA Addendum Par. 7C, he never agreed to the employment of outside 
attorneys much less agreed to the extensiveness of their involvement and 
the enormity of the fees that they have sought from Mr. Epstein These fees 
are not within Mr. Epstein's obligations under the Agreement. Over 
$700,000 of these fees (or the equivalent of over 10 years of full-time 
legal work in this non-firm attorney's ordinary job) are requested for work 
performed by an Assistant State Attorney for Dade County who was not a 
civil litigator and hads little or none specialized expertise in areas directly 
relevant to the consideration of civil settlements. These charges are not 
necessary, reasonable, nor within Mr. Epstein's NPA obligations; 
b) A review of just one page of one of the bills, e.g., p. 13 of the invoice of 
May 11, 2010, reflects that Mr. Epstein is being charged for litigation-
EFTA00729063
--- PAGE 5 ---
related fees when his NPA obligation limits him to paying settlement-
related fees only. This single exemplar reflects hourly billing for 
preparation and attendance of firm members at litigation depositions, for 
preparation and research into client Jane Doe's Response on March 18-
March 22, 2010, just days after the March 9, 2010 filing of the Complaint 
in Jane Doe 103 v Epstein 9:10cv80309-KAM (SD Fla) by the attorney 
representative. The charges are clearly litigation related and are in direct 
conflict with the Agreement's provision that Mr. Epstein's fee obligations 
to the attorney representative "cease" upon the filing of contested 
litigation.; and-cuFther-Further, -at p. 23 of the same bill, includes are 
charges for court reporter fees for depositions and filing fees for 
Complaints. Similar litigation-related  charges permeate the invoices; 
c) A review of the bills shows duplicative and excessive requested fees that 
total far more than the monetary value of all the settlements reached for 
the Plaintiffs' sixteen clients (one of whom was not even within the 
Agreement's provisions) and  including the three clients  who filed 
litigation; 
d) The magnitude of the settlement-related charges are unreasonable 
particularly given that the attorney representative fee obligations were not 
agreed to in arms-length negotiation with the Plaintiffs' own clients, but 
were instead imposed on Mr. Epstein by his Non-Prosecution Agreement. 
Given this unorthodoxy, there is even greater need that the charges to 
Epstein must be reasonable, see, e.g., Red Bull GMBH v. Spacefuel Corp 
EFTA00729064
--- PAGE 6 ---
(1:06cv20948-AJ)(SD Fla)(Court reduces rates charged to losing party in 
litigation as being unreasonable)(CITE TO OTHER-C-ASES)t 
e) Although all of the clients who selected the attorney representative have 
now settled their cases, Mr. Epstein has not received a final invoice. The 
interim bills received to date do not include any charges for the two 
outside attorneys referred to in paragraph 3a for March-May, 2010. The 
NPA obligates payment but does not require interim payments. Defendant 
Epstein has at all times informed the Plaintiffs that he reserves the right to 
submit disputed bills to a neutral third party, see, e.g., letter of Jay 
Lefkowitz to Robert Josefsberg, September 8, 2009. 
4. The claims of Plaintiff contained in his Response that defendant Epstein has 
violated the NPA are inaccurate, irrelevant and even frivolous: 
a) Plaintiff alleges that Epstein failed to formalize his plea of guilty in state 
court and "delayed that action for several months", Response, pp. 1-2. 
The reality is that during the time period addressed by Plaintiff, Mr. 
Epstein, through counsel, with the knowledge and  express consent of the 
United States Attorney Mr. Acosta and First Assistant Mr. Sloman, was 
pursuing his right to review the Agreement through meetings and filings 
with the Department of Justice in Washington M., a review process that 
did not end until June 23, 2008 just 7 days before Mr. Epstein entered his 
state plea. 
b) Paintiff further alleges that Epstein was in "clear breach of the NPA" by 
filing a Motion to Dismiss contesting the legality of a lawsuit before Judge 
EFTA00729065
--- PAGE 7 ---
Marra, Response, p. 2. The waivers of liability and right to contest 
jurisdiction were not effectuated, as claimed by Plaintiff, "so long as the 
claims were being brought pursuant to §2255", Id. Instead, the NPA 
limited the waivers to a claimant who "elects to proceed exclusively under 
U.S.C. §2255, and agrees to waive any other claim for damages, 
whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law," Agreement, Par. 8. 
The plaintiff in question said she was filing only under 18 U.S.C. §2255 
but she did not ever agree to waive or relinquish all future claims for 
damages as required as a condition precedent for any of the NPA waivers 
of liability and jurisdiction.' Nevertheless, when warned by the 
Government that there was a perceived breach of the NPA in the Motion 
to Dismiss filing, it was withdrawn on the day of the notice of breach. 
5. 
The Non-Prosecution Agreement contains highly unorthodox provisions 
including a requirement that Mr. Epstein agree to not contest liability as to a list of 
"victims" which was not to be cerated  disclosed to him until after he was already 
incarcerated his-plea-and-ineafeeratienand after  9 months after since he executed the 
Agreement. This provision led to settlements with persons who could not be verified as 
even having been at Mr. Epstein's residence or having met Mr. EpsteinIte-aever—resalled
meeting. Epstein has thus gone beyond the literal terms of the Agreement and declined to 
contest liability even as to plaintiffs who never relinquished their future right to bring 
I Additionally, in an authoritative communication by the United States Attorney, Jeffrey 
Sloman, to Epstein's counsel dated December 4, 2007, the Government agreed that it was 
the intentions of the parties that the waiver of right to contest subject matter jurisdiction 
was intended by all parties "to address issues of venue" and that "this Office will not 
interpret this paragraph as any waiver of subject matter jurisdiction" 
EFTA00729066
--- PAGE 8 ---
additional claims. But even the spirit of the Agreement does not require that he pay the 
full amount of every bill when the charges are either unreasonable or duplicative or 
outside the limiting provisions of the Agreement nor does it prohibit the presentation of 
fee disputes to the Court so long as Mr. Epstein pays what a Court determines is owed. 
6. The defendant wants only to resolve his outstanding fee dispute in conformity 
with his obligations under the NPA. He requests that the Court grant his now unopposed 
Motion to place $2,000,000 in Trust pending a final determination of whether he owes 
any amounts in addition to the $526,000 he has already paid the Plaintiffs. 
EFTA00729067

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729068.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729068.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT ONLY 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.:10-CV-21586 
PODHURST ORSECK 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's Response to Defendant's Amended Notice and 
Motion for Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court 
The defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, responds to the Plaintiff's Response to his Motion for 
Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court as follows: 
I. The Plaintiff's Response, in its first sentence, indicates that it does not oppose the 
relief requested. The remainder of the Response is a gratuitous, unnecessary, 
inflammatory, immaterial, series of misrepresentations regarding the Defendant's 
intent in offering to deposit $2,000,000 into the Court and regarding the history 
and nature of the fee dispute that is at the core of the current litigation; 
2. As background, defendant Epstein executed a Non-Prosecution Agreement with 
the United States Attorney's Office ("USAO") on September 24, 2007 
(hereinafter "Agreement"). The Agreement required that Epstein plead to state 
offenses and that the USAO agree not to federally prosecute him for various 
offenses that were under investigation. The Agreement also required that Epstein 
pay legal fees for an attorney representative, who was to be selected by an 
EFTA00729068
--- PAGE 2 ---
independent third party, and provide counsel to a list of individuals which 
remained secret until after Epstein's state plea nine months after the execution of 
the Agreement. The fee obligation was not intended to be unlimited: it was to 
pay the fees of the attorney representative prior to his electing to file and/or filing 
"contested litigation" or "any other contested remedy" against Epstein and was to 
"cease" and not obligate Epstein "to pay the fees and costs of contested litigation 
filed against him" (Addendum to Agreement, Par. 7C). 
The fee obligation 
required that Epstein "pay such attorney representative his or her regular 
customary hourly rate". The Agreement did not address such issues as whether 
the attorney representative would be authorized to go outside his firm and hire 
and pay non-firm lawyers, a significant issue given that the Plaintiff is seeking 
over $1,000,000 in fees generated by two non-firm lawyers, one of whom 
remained employed as an Assistant State Attorney while billing over $700,000 for 
her work on the Epstein matters. The Agreement implicitly limited the fees and 
costs being charged to Mr. Epstein so that they were reasonable and not 
unnecessarily duplicative given that Mr. Epstein, at the essence of these highly 
unorthodox requirements, was being obligated to pay the fees of an attorney who 
was his adversary both in settlement discussions and thereafter when he filed 
litigation against him. The Agreement further required that Mr. Epstein waive 
liability and not contest jurisdiction only when certain conditions precedent were 
fulfilled by litigating claimants, see, infra Par 4b. Although the Agreement was 
silent on the timing of interim payments, and on what procedure would be used to 
resolve disputes as to whether certain invoiced charges were outside the 
EFTA00729069
--- PAGE 3 ---
Agreement's fee obligations, clearly Mr. Epstein was not mandated by the 
Agreement to simply write a blank check for over $2,500,000 of fees upon 
demand or be automatically in breach of the Agreement as contended by 
Plaintiffs. On numerous occasions before the filing of this litigation, Mr. Epstein 
has offered to review the invoices with the Plaintiffs on a line by line basis, offers 
that at the end were refused. Mr. Epstein has repeatedly offered to submit the 
disputed invoices to a neutral third party, and even executed a Special Masters 
Agreement evidencing his commitment to resolve the disputed fee issues without 
litigation however such offers were refused by Plaintiff. As will be shown, Mr. 
Epstein has principled disputes with the reasonableness of the fee request, the 
duplication of work by both firm and non-firm lawyers, the including of fees and 
costs attributable to contested litigation brought by three of the attorney 
representative's clients rather than to "consideration of potential settlements" as 
was contemplated by the Agreement's fee provisions, and to the enormous fee 
demands made by non-firm lawyers whose retention was unnecessary and 
unauthorized by the Agreement. 
Mr. Epstein did not willfully breach the 
Agreement. He paid $526,000 of the Plaintiffs interim bills. He disputes the 
remainder. He is seeking to place $2,000,000 in Trust as security against any 
potential future determination by this Court that any additional fees and costs are 
owed under the Agreement; 
3. Mr. Epstein's intent in seeking that his pending Motion be allowed is only to 
fulfill his obligations under the Non-Prosecution Agreement to pay all reasonable 
settlement-related fees according to the terms of the Agreement. As stated, Mr. 
EFTA00729070
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein should not be required to issue a "blank check" to pay interim legal bills 
which clearly include excessive or duplicate charges and further include 
litigation-related fees and costs that are outside the Agreement. Amongst the 
principled issues that are raised by the Complaint are as follows: 
a) $1,073,000 of the disputed amount result from charges attributed to two 
attorneys who are not members of the attorney representative's firm, one 
of whom was a sitting state prosecutor at the time. Although Mr. Epstein 
"agreed to pay the fees of the attorney representative selected ...", NPA 
Addendum Par. 7C, he never agreed to the employment of outside 
attorneys much less agreed to the extensiveness of their involvement and 
the enormity of the fees that they have sought from Mr. Epstein These fees 
are not within Mr. Epstein's obligations under the Agreement. Over 
$700,000 of these fees (or the equivalent of over 10 years of full-time 
legal work in this non-firm attorney's ordinary job) are requested for work 
performed by an Assistant State Attorney for Dade County who has no 
specialized expertise in areas relevant to the consideration of civil 
settlements. These charges are not necessary, reasonable, nor within Mr. 
Epstein's NPA obligations; 
b) A review of just one page of one of the bills, e.g., p. 13 of the invoice of 
May 11, 2010, reflects that Mr. Epstein is being charged for litigation-
related fees when his NPA obligation limits him to paying settlement-
related fees only. This single exemplar reflects hourly billing for 
preparation and attendance of firm members at litigation depositions, for 
EFTA00729071
--- PAGE 5 ---
preparation and research into client Jane Doe's Response, and further, at p. 
of the same bill, includes charges for court reporter fees for depositions 
and filing fees for Complaints. Similar charges permeate the invoices; 
c) A review of the bills shows duplicative and excessive requested fees that 
total far more than the monetary value of all the settlements reached for 
the Plaintiffs' sixteen clients including the three who filed litigation; 
d) The magnitude of the settlement-related charges are unreasonable 
particularly given that the attorney representative fee obligations were not 
agreed to in arms-length negotiation with the Plaintiffs' own clients, but 
were instead imposed on Mr. Epstein by his Non-Prosecution Agreement. 
Given this unorthodoxy, there is even greater need that the charges to 
Epstein must be reasonable, see, e.g. Red Bull GMBH v. Spacefuel Corp 
(1:06cv20948-AJ)(SD Fla)(Court reduces rates charged to losing party in 
litigation as being unreasonable)(CITE TO OTHER CASES); 
e) Although all of the clients who selected the attorney representative have 
now settled their cases, Mr. Epstein has not received a final invoice. The 
interim bills received to date do not include any charges for the two 
outside attorneys referred to in paragraph 3a for March-May, 2010. The 
NPA obligates payment but does not require interim payments. Defendant 
Epstein has at all times informed the Plaintiffs that he reserves the right to 
submit disputed bills to a neutral third party, see, e.g., letter of Jay 
Lefkowitz to Robert Josefsberg, September 8, 2009. 
EFTA00729072
--- PAGE 6 ---
4. The claims of Plaintiff contained in his Response that defendant Epstein has 
violated the NPA are inaccurate, irrelevant and even frivolous: 
a) Plaintiff alleges that Epstein failed to formalize his plea of guilty in state 
court and "delayed that action for several months", Response, pp. 1-2. 
The reality is that during the time period addressed by Plaintiff, Mr. 
Epstein, through counsel, with the knowledge and approval of the United 
States Attorney Alexander Acosta and First Assistant Jeffrey Sloman, was 
pursuing his right to review the Agreement through meetings and filings 
with the Department of Justice in Washington M., a review process that 
did not end until June 23, 2008 just 7 days before Mr. Epstein entered his 
state plea, see eg letter of US Attorney Acosta to Kenneth Starr dated 
Deember 4, 2007, pg 5 ("I do not mind this Office's decision being 
appealed to Washington, and have previously directed our prosecutors to 
delay filings in this case to provide defense counsel with the option of 
appealing our decision" ) appended hereto as Exhibit "A". 
b) Plaintiff further alleges that Epstein was in "clear breach of the NPA" by 
filing a Motion to Dismiss contesting the legality of a lawsuit before Judge 
Marra, Response, p. 2. The waivers of liability and right to contest 
jurisdiction were not effectuated, as claimed by Plaintiff, "so long as the 
claims were being brought pursuant to §2255", Id. Instead, the NPA 
limited the waivers to a claimant who "elects to proceed exclusively under 
U.S.C. §2255, and agrees to waive any other claim for damages, 
whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law," Agreement, Par. 8. 
EFTA00729073
--- PAGE 7 ---
The plaintiff in question said she was filing only under 18 U.S.C. §2255 
but she did not ever agree to waive or relinquish all future claims for 
damages as required as a condition precedent for any of the NPA waivers 
of liability and jurisdiction.' Nevertheless, when warned by the 
Government that there was a perceived breach of the NPA in the Motion 
to Dismiss filing, it was withdrawn on the day of the notice of breach. 
5. 
The Non-Prosecution Agreement contains highly unorthodox provisions 
including a requirement that Mr. Epstein agree to not contest liability as to a list of 
"victims" which was not disclosed to him until after his plea and incarceration 9 months 
after he executed the Agreement. This provision led to settlements with persons he never 
recalled meeting. Epstein has thus gone beyond the literal terms of the Agreement and 
declined to contest liability even as to plaintiffs who never relinquished their future right 
to bring additional claims. But even the spirit of the Agreement does not require that he 
pay the full amount of every bill when the charges are either unreasonable or duplicative 
or outside the limiting provisions of the Agreement nor does it prohibit the presentation 
of fee disputes to the Court so long as Mr. Epstein pays what a Court determines is owed. 
6. The defendant wants only to resolve his outstanding fee dispute in conformity 
with his obligations under the NPA. He requests that the Court grant his now unopposed 
Motion to place $2,000,000 in Trust pending a final determination of whether he owes 
any amounts in addition to the $526,000 he has already paid the Plaintiffs. 
I Additionally, in an authoritative communication by the United States Attorney, Jeffrey 
Sloman, to Epstein's counsel Exhibit "A" p. 2, fn I, the Government agreed that it was 
the intentions of the parties that the "waiver of right to contest subject matter jurisdiction 
was intended by all parties "to address issues of venue" and that "this Office will not 
interpret this paragraph as any waiver of subject matter jurisdiction" 
EFTA00729074
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00729075

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729076.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT ONLY 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.:10-CV-21586 
PODHURST ORSECK 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's Response to Defendant's Amended Notice and 
Motion for Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court 
The defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, responds to the Plaintiff's Response to his Motion for 
Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court as follows: 
I. The Plaintiff's Response, in its first sentence, indicates that it does not oppose the 
relief requested. The remainder of the Response is a gratuitous, unnecessary, 
inflammatory, immaterial, series of misrepresentations regarding the Defendant's 
intent in offering to deposit $2,000,000 into the Court and regarding the history 
and nature of the fee dispute that is at the core of the current litigation; 
2. As background, defendant Epstein executed a Non-Prosecution Agreement with 
the United States Attorney's Office ("USAO") on September 24, 2007 
(hereinafter "Agreement"). The Agreement required that Epstein plead to state 
offenses and that the USAO agree not to federally prosecute him for various 
offenses that were under investigation. The Agreement also required that Epstein 
pay legal fees for an attorney representative, who was to be selected by an 
EFTA00729076
--- PAGE 2 ---
independent third party, and provide counsel to a list of individuals which 
remained secret until after Epstein's state plea nine months after the execution of 
the Agreement. The fee obligation was not intended to be unlimited: it was to 
pay the fees of the attorney representative prior to his electing to file and/or filing 
"contested litigation" or "any other contested remedy" against Epstein and was to 
"cease" and not obligate Epstein "to pay the fees and costs of contested litigation 
filed against him" (Addendum to Agreement, Par. 7C). 
The fee obligation 
required that Epstein "pay such attorney representative his or her regular 
customary hourly rate". The Agreement did not address such issues as whether 
the attorney representative would be authorized to go outside his firm and hire 
and pay non-firm lawyers, a significant issue given that the Plaintiff is seeking 
over $1,000,000 in fees generated by two non-firm lawyers, one of whom 
remained employed as an Assistant State Attorney while billing over $700,000 for 
her work on the Epstein matters. The Agreement implicitly limited the fees and 
costs being charged to Mr. Epstein so that they were reasonable and not 
unnecessarily duplicative given that Mr. Epstein, at the essence of these highly 
unorthodox requirements, was being obligated to pay the fees of an attorney who 
was his adversary both in settlement discussions and thereafter when he filed 
litigation against him. The Agreement further required that Mr. Epstein waive 
liability and not contest jurisdiction only when certain conditions precedent were 
fulfilled by litigating claimants, see, infra Par 4b. Although the Agreement was 
silent on the timing of interim payments, and on what procedure would be used to 
resolve disputes as to whether certain invoiced charges were outside the 
EFTA00729077
--- PAGE 3 ---
Agreement's fee obligations, clearly Mr. Epstein was not mandated by the 
Agreement to simply write a blank check for over $2,500,000 of fees upon 
demand or be automatically in breach of the Agreement as contended by 
Plaintiffs. On numerous occasions before the filing of this litigation, Mr. Epstein 
has offered to review the invoices with the Plaintiffs on a line by line basis, offers 
that at the end were refused. Mr. Epstein has repeatedly offered to submit the 
disputed invoices to a neutral third party, and even executed a Special Masters 
Agreement evidencing his commitment to resolve the disputed fee issues without 
litigation however such offers were refused by Plaintiff. As will be shown, Mr. 
Epstein has principled disputes with the reasonableness of the fee request, the 
duplication of work by both firm and non-firm lawyers, the including of fees and 
costs attributable to contested litigation brought by three of the attorney 
representative's clients rather than to "consideration of potential settlements" as 
was contemplated by the Agreement's fee provisions, and to the enormous fee 
demands made by non-firm lawyers whose retention was unnecessary and 
unauthorized by the Agreement. 
Mr. Epstein did not willfully breach the 
Agreement. He paid $526,000 of the Plaintiffs interim bills. He disputes the 
remainder. He is seeking to place $2,000,000 in Trust as security against any 
potential future determination by this Court that any additional fees and costs are 
owed under the Agreement; 
3. Mr. Epstein's intent in seeking that his pending Motion be allowed is only to 
fulfill his obligations under the Non-Prosecution Agreement to pay all reasonable 
settlement-related fees according to the terms of the Agreement. As stated, Mr. 
EFTA00729078
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein should not be required to issue a "blank check" to pay interim legal bills 
which clearly include excessive or duplicate charges and further include 
litigation-related fees and costs that are outside the Agreement. Amongst the 
principled issues that are raised by the Complaint are as follows: 
a) $1,073,000 of the disputed amount result from charges attributed to two 
attorneys who are not members of the attorney representative's firm, one 
of whom was a sitting state prosecutor at the time. Although Mr. Epstein 
"agreed to pay the fees of the attorney representative selected ...", NPA 
Addendum Par. 7C, he never agreed to the employment of outside 
attorneys much less agreed to the extensiveness of their involvement and 
the enormity of the fees that they have sought from Mr. Epstein These fees 
are not within Mr. Epstein's obligations under the Agreement. Over 
$700,000 of these fees (or the equivalent of over 10 years of full-time 
legal work in this non-firm attorney's ordinary job) are requested for work 
performed by an Assistant State Attorney for Dade County who has no 
specialized expertise in areas relevant to the consideration of civil 
settlements. These charges are not necessary, reasonable, nor within Mr. 
Epstein's NPA obligations; 
b) A review of just one page of one of the bills, e.g., p. 13 of the invoice of 
May 11, 2010, reflects that Mr. Epstein is being charged for litigation-
related fees when his NPA obligation limits him to paying settlement-
related fees only. This single exemplar reflects hourly billing for 
preparation and attendance of firm members at litigation depositions, for 
EFTA00729079
--- PAGE 5 ---
preparation and research into client Jane Doe's Response, and further, at p. 
of the same bill, includes charges for court reporter fees for depositions 
and filing fees for Complaints. Similar charges permeate the invoices; 
c) A review of the bills shows duplicative and excessive requested fees that 
total far more than the monetary value of all the settlements reached for 
the Plaintiffs' sixteen clients including the three who filed litigation; 
d) The magnitude of the settlement-related charges are unreasonable 
particularly given that the attorney representative fee obligations were not 
agreed to in arms-length negotiation with the Plaintiffs' own clients, but 
were instead imposed on Mr. Epstein by his Non-Prosecution Agreement. 
Given this unorthodoxy, there is even greater need that the charges to 
Epstein must be reasonable, see, e.g. Red Bull GMBH v. Spacefuel Corp 
(1:06cv20948-AJ)(SD Fla)(Court reduces rates charged to losing party in 
litigation as being unreasonable)(CITE TO OTHER CASES); 
e) Although all of the clients who selected the attorney representative have 
now settled their cases, Mr. Epstein has not received a final invoice. The 
interim bills received to date do not include any charges for the two 
outside attorneys referred to in paragraph 3a for March-May, 2010. The 
NPA obligates payment but does not require interim payments. Defendant 
Epstein has at all times informed the Plaintiffs that he reserves the right to 
submit disputed bills to a neutral third party, see, e.g., letter of Jay 
Lefkowitz to Robert Josefsberg, September 8, 2009. 
EFTA00729080
--- PAGE 6 ---
4. The claims of Plaintiff contained in his Response that defendant Epstein has 
violated the NPA are inaccurate, irrelevant and even frivolous: 
a) Plaintiff alleges that Epstein failed to formalize his plea of guilty in state 
court and "delayed that action for several months", Response, pp. 1-2. 
The reality is that during the time period addressed by Plaintiff, Mr. 
Epstein, through counsel, with the knowledge and approval of the United 
States Attorney Alexander Acosta and First Assistant Jeffrey Sloman, was 
pursuing his right to review the Agreement through meetings and filings 
with the Department of Justice in Washington M., a review process that 
did not end until June 23, 2008 just 7 days before Mr. Epstein entered his 
state plea, see eg letter of US Attorney Acosta to Kenneth Starr dated 
Deember 4, 2007, pg 5 ("I do not mind this Office's decision being 
appealed to Washington, and have previously directed our prosecutors to 
delay filings in this case to provide defense counsel with the option of 
appealing our decision" ) appended hereto as Exhibit "A". 
b) Plaintiff further alleges that Epstein was in "clear breach of the NPA" by 
filing a Motion to Dismiss contesting the legality of a lawsuit before Judge 
Marra, Response, p. 2. The waivers of liability and right to contest 
jurisdiction were not effectuated, as claimed by Plaintiff, "so long as the 
claims were being brought pursuant to §2255", Id. Instead, the NPA 
limited the waivers to a claimant who "elects to proceed exclusively under 
U.S.C. §2255, and agrees to waive any other claim for damages, 
whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law," Agreement, Par. 8. 
EFTA00729081
--- PAGE 7 ---
The plaintiff in question said she was filing only under 18 U.S.C. §2255 
but she did not ever agree to waive or relinquish all future claims for 
damages as required as a condition precedent for any of the NPA waivers 
of liability and jurisdiction.' Nevertheless, when warned by the 
Government that there was a perceived breach of the NPA in the Motion 
to Dismiss filing, it was withdrawn on the day of the notice of breach. 
5. 
The Non-Prosecution Agreement contains highly unorthodox provisions 
including a requirement that Mr. Epstein agree to not contest liability as to a list of 
"victims" which was not disclosed to him until after his plea and incarceration 9 months 
after he executed the Agreement. This provision led to settlements with persons he never 
recalled meeting. Epstein has thus gone beyond the literal terms of the Agreement and 
declined to contest liability even as to plaintiffs who never relinquished their future right 
to bring additional claims. But even the spirit of the Agreement does not require that he 
pay the full amount of every bill when the charges are either unreasonable or duplicative 
or outside the limiting provisions of the Agreement nor does it prohibit the presentation 
of fee disputes to the Court so long as Mr. Epstein pays what a Court determines is owed. 
6. The defendant wants only to resolve his outstanding fee dispute in conformity 
with his obligations under the NPA. He requests that the Court grant his now unopposed 
Motion to place $2,000,000 in Trust pending a final determination of whether he owes 
any amounts in addition to the $526,000 he has already paid the Plaintiffs. 
I Additionally, in an authoritative communication by the United States Attorney, Jeffrey 
Sloman, to Epstein's counsel Exhibit "A" p. 2, fn I, the Government agreed that it was 
the intentions of the parties that the "waiver of right to contest subject matter jurisdiction 
was intended by all parties "to address issues of venue" and that "this Office will not 
interpret this paragraph as any waiver of subject matter jurisdiction" 
EFTA00729082
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00729083

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729084.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT ONLY 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.:10-CV-21586 
PODHURST ORSECK 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's Response to Defendant's Amended Notice and 
Motion for Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court 
The defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, responds to the Plaintiff's Response to his Motion for 
Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court as follows: 
I. The Plaintiff's Response, in its first sentence, indicates that it does not oppose the 
relief requested. The remainder of the Response is a gratuitous, unnecessary, 
inflammatory, immaterial, series of misrepresentations regarding the Defendant's 
intent in offering to deposit $2,000,000 into the Court and regarding the history 
and nature of the fee dispute that is at the core of the current litigation; 
2. As background, defendant Epstein executed a Non-Prosecution Agreement with 
the United States Attorney's Office ("USAO") on September 24, 2007 
(hereinafter "Agreement"). The Agreement required that Epstein plead to state 
offenses and that the USAO agree not to federally prosecute him for various 
offenses that were under investigation. The Agreement also required that Epstein 
pay legal fees for an attorney representative, who was to be selected by an 
EFTA00729084
--- PAGE 2 ---
independent third party, and provide counsel to a list of individuals which 
remained secret until after Epstein's state plea nine months after the execution of 
the Agreement. The fee obligation was not intended to be unlimited: it was to 
pay the fees of the attorney representative prior to his electing to file and/or filing 
"contested litigation" or "any other contested remedy" against Epstein and was to 
"cease" and not obligate Epstein "to pay the fees and costs of contested litigation 
filed against him" (Addendum to Agreement, Par. 7C). 
The fee obligation 
required that Epstein "pay such attorney representative his or her regular 
customary hourly rate". The Agreement did not address such issues as whether 
the attorney representative would be authorized to go outside his firm and hire 
and pay non-firm lawyers, a significant issue given that the Plaintiff is seeking 
over $1,000,000 in fees generated by two non-firm lawyers, one of whom 
remained employed as an Assistant State Attorney while billing over $700,000 for 
her work on the Epstein matters. The Agreement implicitly limited the fees and 
costs being charged to Mr. Epstein so that they were reasonable and not 
unnecessarily duplicative given that Mr. Epstein, at the essence of these highly 
unorthodox requirements, was being obligated to pay the fees of an attorney who 
was his adversary both in settlement discussions and thereafter when he filed 
litigation against him. The Agreement further required that Mr. Epstein waive 
liability and not contest jurisdiction only when certain conditions precedent were 
fulfilled by litigating claimants, see, infra Par 4b. Although the Agreement was 
silent on the timing of interim payments, and on what procedure would be used to 
resolve disputes as to whether certain invoiced charges were outside the 
EFTA00729085
--- PAGE 3 ---
Agreement's fee obligations, clearly Mr. Epstein was not mandated by the 
Agreement to simply write a blank check for over $2,500,000 of fees upon 
demand or be automatically in breach of the Agreement as contended by 
Plaintiffs. On numerous occasions before the filing of this litigation, Mr. Epstein 
has offered to review the invoices with the Plaintiffs on a line by line basis, offers 
that at the end were refused. Mr. Epstein has repeatedly offered to submit the 
disputed invoices to a neutral third party, and resolve the disputed fee issues 
without litigation however such offers were refused by Plaintiff. As will be 
shown, Mr. Epstein has principled disputes with the reasonableness of the fee 
request, the duplication of work by both firm and non-firm lawyers, the including 
of fees and costs attributable to contested litigation brought by three of the 
attorney representative's clients rather than to "consideration of potential 
settlements" as was contemplated by the Agreement's fee provisions, and to the 
enormous fee demands made by non-firm lawyers whose retention was 
unnecessary and unauthorized by the Agreement. Mr. Epstein did not willfully 
breach the Agreement. He paid $526,000 of the Plaintiffs interim bills while 
reserving his right to contest both the fees and costs charged. 14e-disputes-the 
remainder,He is seeking to place $2,000,000 in Trust as security against any 
potential future determination by this Court that any additional fees and costs are 
owed under the Agreement; 
3. Mr. Epstein's intent in seeking that his pending Motion be allowed is only to 
fulfill his obligations under the Non-Prosecution Agreement to pay all reasonable 
settlement-related fees according to the terms of the Agreement. As stated, Mr. 
EFTA00729086
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein should not be required to issue a "blank check" to pay interim legal bills 
which clearly include excessive or duplicate charges and further include 
litigation-related fees and costs that are outside the Agreement. Amongst the 
principled issues that are raised by the Complaint are as follows: 
a) $1,073,000 of the disputed amount result from charges attributed to two 
attorneys who are not members of the attorney representative's firm, one 
of whom was a sitting state prosecutor at the time. Although Mr. Epstein 
"agreed to pay the fees of the attorney representative selected ...", NPA 
Addendum Par. 7C, he never agreed to the employment of outside 
attorneys much less agreed to the extensiveness of their involvement and 
the enormity of the fees that they have sought from Mr. Epstein These fees 
are not within Mr. Epstein's obligations under the Agreement. Over 
$700,000 of these fees (or the equivalent of over 10 years of full-time 
legal work in this non-firm attorney's ordinary job) are requested for work 
performed by an Assistant State Attorney for Dade County who was not a 
civil litigator and hads little or none specialized expertise in areas directly 
relevant to the consideration of civil settlements. These charges are not 
necessary, reasonable, nor within Mr. Epstein's NPA obligations; 
b) A review of just one page of one of the bills, e.g., p. 13 of the invoice of 
May 11, 2010, reflects that Mr. Epstein is being charged for litigation-
related fees when his NPA obligation limits him to paying settlement-
related fees only. This single exemplar reflects hourly billing for 
preparation and attendance of firm members at litigation depositions, for 
EFTA00729087
--- PAGE 5 ---
preparation and research into client Jane Doe's Response on March 18-
March 22, 2010. just days after the March 9, 2010 filing of the Complaint 
in Jane Doe 103 v Epstein 9:10cv80309-KAM (SD Fla) by the attorney 
representative. The charges are clearly litigation related and are in direct 
conflict with the Agreement's provision that Mr. Epstein's fee obligations 
to the attorney representative "cease" upon the filing of contested 
litigation.- and--further Further. —at p. 23 of the same bill, ipeludes—are 
charges for court reporter fees for depositions and filing fees for 
Complaints. Similar litigation-related charges permeate the invoices; 
c) A review of the bills shows duplicative and excessive requested fees that 
total far more than the monetary value of all the settlements reached for 
the Plaintiffs' sixteen clients (one of whom was not even within the 
Agreement's provisions) and  including the three clients  who filed 
litigation; 
d) The magnitude of the settlement-related charges are unreasonable 
particularly given that the attorney representative fee obligations were not 
agreed to in arms-length negotiation with the Plaintiffs' own clients, but 
were instead imposed on Mr. Epstein by his Non-Prosecution Agreement. 
Given this unorthodoxy, there is even greater need that the charges to 
Epstein must be reasonable, see, e.g. Red Bull GMBH v. Spacefuel Corp 
(1:06cv20948-AJ)(SD Fla)(Court reduces rates charged to losing party in 
litigation as being unreasonable)(GIT-B-TO-O-THER-CASES); 
EFTA00729088
--- PAGE 6 ---
e) Although all of the clients who selected the attorney representative have 
now settled their cases, Mr. Epstein has not received a final invoice. The 
interim bills received to date do not include any charges for the two 
outside attorneys referred to in paragraph 3a for March-May, 2010. The 
NPA obligates payment but does not require interim payments. Defendant 
Epstein has at all times informed the Plaintiffs that he reserves the right to 
submit disputed bills to a neutral third party, see, e.g., letter of Jay 
Lefkowitz to Robert Josefsberg, September 8, 2009. 
4. The claims of Plaintiff contained in his Response that defendant Epstein has 
violated the NPA are inaccurate, irrelevant and even frivolous: 
a) Plaintiff alleges that Epstein failed to formalize his plea of guilty in state 
court and "delayed that action for several months", Response, pp. 1-2. 
The reality is that during the time period addressed by Plaintiff, Mr. 
Epstein, through counsel, with the knowledge and consent of the United 
States Attorney Mr. Acosta and First Assistant Mr. Sloman, was pursuing 
his right to review the Agreement through meetings and filings with the 
Department of Justice in Washington M., a review process that did not 
end until June 23, 2008 just 7 days before Mr. Epstein entered his state 
plea. 
b) Paintiff further alleges that Epstein was in "clear breach of the NPA" by 
filing a Motion to Dismiss contesting the legality of a lawsuit before Judge 
Marra, Response, p. 2. The waivers of liability and right to contest 
jurisdiction were not effectuated, as claimed by Plaintiff, "so long as the 
EFTA00729089
--- PAGE 7 ---
claims were being brought pursuant to §2255", Id. Instead, the NPA 
limited the waivers to a claimant who "elects to proceed exclusively under 
U.S.C. §2255, and agrees to waive any other claim for damages, 
whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law," Agreement, Par. 8. 
The plaintiff in question said she was filing only under 18 U.S.C. §2255 
but she did not ever agree to waive or relinquish all future claims for 
damages as required as a condition precedent for any of the NPA waivers 
of liability and jurisdiction.' Nevertheless, when warned by the 
Government that there was a perceived breach of the NPA in the Motion 
to Dismiss filing, it was withdrawn on the day of the notice of breach. 
5. 
The Non-Prosecution Agreement contains highly unorthodox provisions 
including a requirement that Mr. Epstein agree to not contest liability as to a list of 
"victims" which was not disclosed to him until after his plea and incarceration 9 months 
after he executed the Agreement. This provision led to settlements with persons who 
could not be verified as even having been at Mr. Epstein's residence or having met Mr. 
Epsteinhe-nevec-recialled-pleetipg. Epstein has thus gone beyond the literal terms of the 
Agreement and declined to contest liability even as to plaintiffs who never relinquished 
their future right to bring additional claims. But even the spirit of the Agreement does 
not require that he pay the full amount of every bill when the charges are either 
unreasonable or duplicative or outside the limiting provisions of the Agreement nor does 
I Additionally, in an authoritative communication by the United States Attorney, Jeffrey 
Sloman, to Epstein's counsel dated December 4, 2007, the Government agreed that it was 
the intentions of the parties that the waiver of right to contest subject matter jurisdiction 
was intended by all parties "to address issues of venue" and that "this Office will not 
interpret this paragraph as any waiver of subject matter jurisdiction" 
EFTA00729090
--- PAGE 8 ---
it prohibit the presentation of fee disputes to the Court so long as Mr. Epstein pays what a 
Court determines is owed. 
6. The defendant wants only to resolve his outstanding fee dispute in conformity 
with his obligations under the NPA. He requests that the Court grant his now unopposed 
Motion to place $2,000,000 in Trust pending a final determination of whether he owes 
any amounts in addition to the $526,000 he has already paid the Plaintiffs. 
EFTA00729091

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729092.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729092.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT ONLY 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.:10-CV-21586 
PODHURST ORSECK 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's Response to Defendant's Amended Notice and 
Motion for Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court 
The defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, responds to the Plaintiff's Response to his Motion for 
Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court as follows: 
I. The Plaintiff's Response, in its first sentence, indicates that it does not oppose the 
relief requested. The remainder of the Response is a gratuitous, unnecessary, 
inflammatory, immaterial, series of misrepresentations regarding the Defendant's 
intent in offering to deposit $2,000,000 into the Court and regarding the history 
and nature of the fee dispute that is at the core of the current litigation; 
2. As background, defendant Epstein executed a Non-Prosecution Agreement with 
the United States Attorney's Office ("USAO") on September 24, 2007 
(hereinafter "Agreement"). The Agreement required that Epstein plead to state 
offenses and that the USAO agree not to federally prosecute him for various 
offenses that were under investigation. The Agreement also required that Epstein 
pay legal fees for an attorney representative, who was to be selected by an 
EFTA00729092
--- PAGE 2 ---
independent third party, and provide counsel to a list of individuals which 
remained secret until after Epstein's state plea nine months after the execution of 
the Agreement. The fee obligation was not intended to be unlimited: it was to 
pay the fees of the attorney representative prior to his electing to file and/or filing 
"contested litigation" or "any other contested remedy" against Epstein and was to 
"cease" and not obligate Epstein "to pay the fees and costs of contested litigation 
filed against him" (Addendum to Agreement, Par. 7C). 
The fee obligation 
required that Epstein "pay such attorney representative his or her regular 
customary hourly rate". The Agreement did not address such issues as whether 
the attorney representative would be authorized to go outside his firm and hire 
and pay non-firm lawyers, a significant issue given that the Plaintiff is seeking 
over $1,000,000 in fees generated by two non-firm lawyers, one of whom 
remained employed as an Assistant State Attorney while billing over $700,000 for 
her work on the Epstein matters. The Agreement implicitly limited the fees and 
costs being charged to Mr. Epstein so that they were reasonable and not 
unnecessarily duplicative given that Mr. Epstein, at the essence of these highly 
unorthodox requirements, was being obligated to pay the fees of an attorney who 
was his adversary both in settlement discussions and thereafter when he filed 
litigation against him. The Agreement further required that Mr. Epstein waive 
liability and not contest jurisdiction only when certain conditions precedent were 
fulfilled by litigating claimants, see, infra Par 4b. Although the Agreement was 
silent on the timing of interim payments, and on what procedure would be used to 
resolve disputes as to whether certain invoiced charges were outside the 
EFTA00729093
--- PAGE 3 ---
Agreement's fee obligations, clearly Mr. Epstein was not mandated by the 
Agreement to simply write a blank check for over $2,500,000 of fees upon 
demand or be automatically in breach of the Agreement as contended by 
Plaintiffs. On numerous occasions before the filing of this litigation, Mr. Epstein 
has offered to review the invoices with the Plaintiffs on a line by line basis, offers 
that at the end were refused. Mr. Epstein has repeatedly offered to submit the 
disputed invoices to a neutral third party, and resolve the disputed fee issues 
without litigation however such offers were refused by Plaintiff. As will be 
shown, Mr. Epstein has principled disputes with the reasonableness of the fee 
request, the duplication of work by both firm and non-firm lawyers, the including 
of fees and costs attributable to contested litigation brought by three of the 
attorney representative's clients rather than to "consideration of potential 
settlements" as was contemplated by the Agreement's fee provisions, and to the 
enormous fee demands made by non-firm lawyers whose retention was 
unnecessary and unauthorized by the Agreement. Mr. Epstein did not willfully 
breach the Agreement. He paid $526,000 of the Plaintiffs interim bills while 
reserving his right to contest both the fees and costs charged. 14e-disputes-the 
remainder,He is seeking to place $2,000,000 in Trust as security against any 
potential future determination by this Court that any additional fees and costs are 
owed under the Agreement; 
3. Mr. Epstein's intent in seeking that his pending Motion be allowed is only to 
fulfill his obligations under the Non-Prosecution Agreement to pay all reasonable 
settlement-related fees according to the terms of the Agreement. As stated, Mr. 
EFTA00729094
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein should not be required to issue a "blank check" to pay interim legal bills 
which clearly include excessive or duplicate charges and further include 
litigation-related fees and costs that are outside the Agreement. Amongst the 
principled issues that are raised by the Complaint are as follows: 
a) $1,073,000 of the disputed amount result from charges attributed to two 
attorneys who are not members of the attorney representative's firm, one 
of whom was a sitting state prosecutor at the time. Although Mr. Epstein 
"agreed to pay the fees of the attorney representative selected ...", NPA 
Addendum Par. 7C, he never agreed to the employment of outside 
attorneys much less agreed to the extensiveness of their involvement and 
the enormity of the fees that they have sought from Mr. Epstein These fees 
are not within Mr. Epstein's obligations under the Agreement. Over 
$700,000 of these fees (or the equivalent of over 10 years of full-time 
legal work in this non-firm attorney's ordinary job) are requested for work 
performed by an Assistant State Attorney for Dade County who was not a 
civil litigator and hads little or none specialized expertise in areas directly 
relevant to the consideration of civil settlements. These charges are not 
necessary, reasonable, nor within Mr. Epstein's NPA obligations; 
b) A review of just one page of one of the bills, e.g., p. 13 of the invoice of 
May 11, 2010, reflects that Mr. Epstein is being charged for litigation-
related fees when his NPA obligation limits him to paying settlement-
related fees only. This single exemplar reflects hourly billing for 
preparation and attendance of firm members at litigation depositions, for 
EFTA00729095
--- PAGE 5 ---
preparation and research into client Jane Doe's Response on March 18-
March 22, 2010. just days after the March 9, 2010 filing of the Complaint 
in Jane Doe 103 v Epstein 9:10cv80309-KAM (SD Fla) by the attorney 
representative. The charges are clearly litigation related and are in direct 
conflict with the Agreement's provision that Mr. Epstein's fee obligations 
to the attorney representative "cease" upon the filing of contested 
litigation.- and--further Further. —at p. 23 of the same bill, ipeludes—are 
charges for court reporter fees for depositions and filing fees for 
Complaints. Similar litigation-related charges permeate the invoices; 
c) A review of the bills shows duplicative and excessive requested fees that 
total far more than the monetary value of all the settlements reached for 
the Plaintiffs' sixteen clients (one of whom was not even within the 
Agreement's provisions) and  including the three clients  who filed 
litigation; 
d) The magnitude of the settlement-related charges are unreasonable 
particularly given that the attorney representative fee obligations were not 
agreed to in arms-length negotiation with the Plaintiffs' own clients, but 
were instead imposed on Mr. Epstein by his Non-Prosecution Agreement. 
Given this unorthodoxy, there is even greater need that the charges to 
Epstein must be reasonable, see, e.g. Red Bull GMBH v. Spacefuel Corp 
(1:06cv20948-AJ)(SD Fla)(Court reduces rates charged to losing party in 
litigation as being unreasonable)(GIT-B-TO-O-THER-CASES); 
EFTA00729096
--- PAGE 6 ---
e) Although all of the clients who selected the attorney representative have 
now settled their cases, Mr. Epstein has not received a final invoice. The 
interim bills received to date do not include any charges for the two 
outside attorneys referred to in paragraph 3a for March-May, 2010. The 
NPA obligates payment but does not require interim payments. Defendant 
Epstein has at all times informed the Plaintiffs that he reserves the right to 
submit disputed bills to a neutral third party, see, e.g., letter of Jay 
Lefkowitz to Robert Josefsberg, September 8, 2009. 
4. The claims of Plaintiff contained in his Response that defendant Epstein has 
violated the NPA are inaccurate, irrelevant and even frivolous: 
a) Plaintiff alleges that Epstein failed to formalize his plea of guilty in state 
court and "delayed that action for several months", Response, pp. 1-2. 
The reality is that during the time period addressed by Plaintiff, Mr. 
Epstein, through counsel, with the knowledge and consent of the United 
States Attorney Mr. Acosta and First Assistant Mr. Sloman, was pursuing 
his right to review the Agreement through meetings and filings with the 
Department of Justice in Washington M., a review process that did not 
end until June 23, 2008 just 7 days before Mr. Epstein entered his state 
plea. 
b) Paintiff further alleges that Epstein was in "clear breach of the NPA" by 
filing a Motion to Dismiss contesting the legality of a lawsuit before Judge 
Marra, Response, p. 2. The waivers of liability and right to contest 
jurisdiction were not effectuated, as claimed by Plaintiff, "so long as the 
EFTA00729097
--- PAGE 7 ---
claims were being brought pursuant to §2255", Id. Instead, the NPA 
limited the waivers to a claimant who "elects to proceed exclusively under 
U.S.C. §2255, and agrees to waive any other claim for damages, 
whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law," Agreement, Par. 8. 
The plaintiff in question said she was filing only under 18 U.S.C. §2255 
but she did not ever agree to waive or relinquish all future claims for 
damages as required as a condition precedent for any of the NPA waivers 
of liability and jurisdiction.' Nevertheless, when warned by the 
Government that there was a perceived breach of the NPA in the Motion 
to Dismiss filing, it was withdrawn on the day of the notice of breach. 
5. 
The Non-Prosecution Agreement contains highly unorthodox provisions 
including a requirement that Mr. Epstein agree to not contest liability as to a list of 
"victims" which was not disclosed to him until after his plea and incarceration 9 months 
after he executed the Agreement. This provision led to settlements with persons who 
could not be verified as even having been at Mr. Epstein's residence or having met Mr. 
Epsteinhe-nevec-recialled-pleetipg. Epstein has thus gone beyond the literal terms of the 
Agreement and declined to contest liability even as to plaintiffs who never relinquished 
their future right to bring additional claims. But even the spirit of the Agreement does 
not require that he pay the full amount of every bill when the charges are either 
unreasonable or duplicative or outside the limiting provisions of the Agreement nor does 
I Additionally, in an authoritative communication by the United States Attorney, Jeffrey 
Sloman, to Epstein's counsel dated December 4, 2007, the Government agreed that it was 
the intentions of the parties that the waiver of right to contest subject matter jurisdiction 
was intended by all parties "to address issues of venue" and that "this Office will not 
interpret this paragraph as any waiver of subject matter jurisdiction" 
EFTA00729098
--- PAGE 8 ---
it prohibit the presentation of fee disputes to the Court so long as Mr. Epstein pays what a 
Court determines is owed. 
6. The defendant wants only to resolve his outstanding fee dispute in conformity 
with his obligations under the NPA. He requests that the Court grant his now unopposed 
Motion to place $2,000,000 in Trust pending a final determination of whether he owes 
any amounts in addition to the $526,000 he has already paid the Plaintiffs. 
EFTA00729099

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729100.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT ONLY 
PODHURST ORSECK PA 
V 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's Response to Defendant's Amended Notice 
and Motion for Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court 
The defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, responds to the Plaintiff's Response to his 
Motion for Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court as follows: 
1. The Plaintiff's Response, in its first sentence, indicates that it does not 
oppose the relief requested. The remainder of the Response is a 
gratuitous, unnecessary, inflammatory, immaterial, series of 
misrepresentations regarding the Defendant's intent in offering to 
deposit $2,000,000 into the Court and regarding the history and nature 
of the fee dispute that is at the core of the current litigation; 
2. As background, defendant Epstein executed a Non-Prosecution 
Agreement with the United States Attorney's Office ("USAO") on 
September 24, 2007 (hereinafter "Agreement"). The Agreement 
required that Epstein plead to state offenses and that the USAO agree 
not to federally prosecute him for various offenses that were under 
investigation. The Agreement also required that Epstein pay legal 
fees for an attorney representative, who was to be selected by an 
independent third party, and provide counsel to a list of individuals 
which remained secret until after Epstein's state plea nine months 
after the execution of the Agreement. The fee obligation was not 
unlimited: it was to pay the fees of the attorney representative prior to 
his electing to file and/or filing "contested litigation" or "any other 
contested remedy" against Epstein and was to "cease" and not 
obligate Epstein "to pay the fees and costs of contested litigation filed 
against him" (Addendum to Agreement, Par 7C). The fee obligation 
required that Epstein "pay such attorney representative his or her 
EFTA00729100
--- PAGE 2 ---
regular customary hourly rate". The Agreement did not address such 
issues as whether the attorney representative would be authorized to 
go outside his firm and hire and pay non-firm lawyers, a significant 
issue given that the Plaintiff is seeking over $1,000,000 in fees 
generated by two non firm lawyers. The Agreement implicitly limited 
the fees and costs being charged to Mr. Epstein so that they were 
reasonable and not unnecessarily duplicative given that Mr. Epstein, 
at the essence of these highly unorthodox requirements, was being 
obligated to pay the fees of an attorney who was his adversary both in 
settlement discussions and thereafter when he filed litigation against 
him. The Agreement further required that Mr. Epstein waive liability 
and not contest jurisdiction when certain conditions precedent were 
fulfilled by litigating claimants, see infra, par 4b. Although the 
Agreement was silent on the timing of interim payments, and on what 
procedure would be used to resolve disputes as to whether certain 
invoiced charges were outside the Agreement's fee obligations, 
clearly Mr. Epstein was not mandated by the Agreement to simply 
write a blank check for over $2,500,000 of fees upon demand or be 
automatically in breach of the Agreement as contended by Plaintiffs. 
On numerous occasions before the filing of this litigation, Mr. Epstein 
has offered to review the invoices with the Plaintiffs on a line by line 
basis, offers that at the end were refused. Mr. Epstein has repeatedly 
offered to submit the disputed invoices to a neutral third party, and 
such offers were refused by Plaintiff. As will be shown, Mr. Epstein 
has principled disputes with the reasonableness of the fee request, the 
duplication of work by both firm and non-firm lawyers, the including 
of fees and costs attributable to contested litigation brought by three 
of the attorney representative's clients rather than to "consideration of 
potential settlements" as was contemplated by the Agreement's fee 
provisions, and to the enormous fee demands made by non-firm 
lawyers whose retention was unnecessary and unauthorized by the 
Agreement. Mr. Epstein did not willfully breach the Agreement. He 
paid $526,000 of the Plaintiffs interim bills. He disputes the 
remainder. He is seeking to place $2,000,000 in Trust as security 
against any potential future determination by this Court that any 
additional fees and costs are owed under the Agreement. 
3. Mr. Epstein's intent in seeking that his pending Motion be allowed is 
only to fulfill his obligations under the Non-Prosecution Agreement to 
pay all reasonable settlement-related fees according to the terms of the 
Agreement. As stated, Mr. Epstein is not required to issue a "blank 
EFTA00729101
--- PAGE 3 ---
check" to pay interim legal bills which clearly include excessive or 
duplicate charges and further include litigation-related fees and costs 
that are outside the Agreement. Amongst the principled issues that 
are raised by the Complaint are as follows: 
a) $1,073,000 of the disputed amount result from charges 
attributed to two attorneys who are not members of the attorney 
representative's firm. Although Mr. Epstein "agreed to pay the 
fees of the attorney representative selected ...", NPA Addendum 
Par 7C, he never agreed to the employment of outside attorneys 
much less agreed to the extensiveness of their involvement and 
the enormity of the fees that they have sought from Mr. Epstein 
These fees are not within Mr. Epstein's obligations under the 
Agreement. Over $700,000 of these fees (or the equivalent of 
over 10 years of full-time legal work in this non-firm attorney's 
ordinary job) are requested for work performed by an Assistant 
State Attorney for Dade County who has no specialized 
expertise in areas relevant to the consideration of civil 
settlements. These charges are not necessary, reasonable, nor 
within Mr. Epstein's NPA obligations; 
b) A review of just one page of one of the bills, eg. pg 13 of the 
invoice of May 11, 2010, reflects that Mr. Epstein is being 
charged for litigation-related fees when his NPA obligation 
limits him to paying settlement-related fees only. This single 
exemplar reflects hourly billing for preparation and attendance 
of firm members at litigation depositions, for preparation and 
research into client Jane Doe's Response, and further, at pg 23 
of the same bill, includes charges for court reporter fees for 
depositions and filing fees for Complaints. Similar charges 
permeate the invoices; 
c) A review of the bills shows duplicative and excessive requested 
fees that total far more than the monetary value of all the 
settlements reached for the Plaintiffs' sixteen clients including 
the three who filed litigation; 
d) The magnitude of the settlement-related charges are 
unreasonable particularly given that the attorney representative 
fee obligations were not agreed to in arms-length negotiation 
with the Plaintiffs' own clients but were instead imposed on 
Mr. Epstein by his Non-Prosecution Agreement. Given this 
unorthodoxy, there is even greater need that the charges to 
Epstein must be reasonable see eg Red Bull GMBH v Spacefuel 
EFTA00729102
--- PAGE 4 ---
Corp (1:06cv20948-ANSD Fla)(Court reduces rates charged to 
losing party in litigation as being unreasonable)(CITE TO 
OTHER CASES) 
e) Although all of the clients who selected the attorney 
representative have now settled their cases, Mr. Epstein has not 
received a final invoice. The interim bills received to date do 
not include any charges for the two outside attorneys referred to 
in paragraph 3a for March-May 2010. The NPA obligates 
payment but does not require interim payments. Defendant 
Epstein has at all times informed the Plaintiffs that he reserves 
the right to submit disputed bills to a neutral third party, see eg 
letter of Jay Lefkowitz to Robert Josefsberg, September 8, 2009 
4. The claims of Plaintiff contained in his Response that defendant 
Epstein has violated the NPA are inaccurate, irrelevant and even 
frivolous: 
a) Plaintiff alleges that Epstein failed to formalize his plea of 
guilty in state court and "delayed that action for several 
months", Response, pg 1-2. The reality is that during the time 
period addressed by Plaintiff, Mr. Epstein, through counsel, 
with the knowledge and approval of the United States Attorney 
Alexander Acosta, was pursuing his right to review the 
Agreement through meetings and filings with the Department 
of Justice in Washington M., see letter 
appended hereto 
as Exhibit "A"; 
b) Plaintiff further alleges that Epstein was in "clear breach of the 
NPA" by filing a Motion to Dismiss contesting the legality of a 
lawsuit before Judge Marra, Response, pg 2. The waivers of 
liability and right to contest jurisdiction were not effectuated, as 
claimed by Plaintiff, "so long as the claims were being brought 
pursuant to s2255", Id. Instead, the NPA limited the waivers to 
a claimant who "elects to proceed exclusively under 18 USC 
2255, and agrees to waive any other claim for damages, 
whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law,"Agreement, 
par 8. The plaintiff in question said she was filing only under 
USC 2255 but she did not ever agree to waive or relinquish 
all future claims for damages as required as a condition 
precedent for any of the NPA waivers of liability and 
jurisdiction.* Nevertheless, when warned by the Government 
that there was a perceived breach of the NPA in the Motion to 
EFTA00729103
--- PAGE 5 ---
Dismiss filing, it was withdrawn on the day of the notice of 
breach. 
5. The Non-Prosecution Agreement contains highly unorthodox 
provisions including a requirement that Mr. Epstein agree to not contest 
liability as to a list of "victims" which was not disclosed to him for over 9 
months after he executed the Agreement. This provision led to settlements 
with persons he never recalled meeting. Epstein has thus gone beyond the 
literal terms of the Agreement and declined to contest liability even as to 
plaintiffs who never relinquished their future right to bring additional claims. 
But even the spirit of the Agreement does not require that he pay the full 
amount of every bill when the charges are either unreasonable or duplicative 
or outside the limiting provisions of the Agreement nor does it prohibit the 
presentation of fee disputes to the Court so long as Mr. Epstein pays what a 
Court determines is owed 
6. The defendant wants only to resolve his outstanding fee dispute in 
conformity with his obligations under the NPA. He requests that the Court 
grant his now unopposed Motion to place $2,000,000 in Trust pending a 
final determination of whether he owes any amounts in addition to the 
$526,000 he has already paid the Plaintiffs. 
* Additionally, in an authoritative communication by the then First 
Assistant United States Attorney, Jeffrey Sloman, to Epstein's counsel 
Kenneth Starr dated December 4, 2007, pg 2, fn 
the Government agreed 
that it was the intentions of the parties that the "waiver of right to contest 
jurisdiction" was in fact a waiver of right to contest venue (ADD QUOTE) 
EFTA00729104

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729105.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729105.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08-C1V- 80893 - MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendants. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's Reply to Plaintiff's Response In Opposition to Defendant's 
Motion To Dismiss, For More Definite Statement & To Strike Directed To Plaintiff Jane 
Doe's Amended Complaint, With Incorporated Memorandum Of Law 
Defendant, Jeffery Epstein, by and through his undersigned counsel, hereby files his 
Reply to Plaintiff's Response In Opposition to Defendant's Motion To Dismiss, For More 
Definite Statement & To Strike Directed To Plaintiff Jane Doe's Amended Complaint, With 
Incorporated Memorandum of Law. In support of his motion, Defendant states: 
I. 
Introduction 
a.  The Amended Complaint, The Motion to Dismiss 
and Plaintiff's Response In Opposition 
The Amended Complaint attempts to allege four counts, entitled Count I — "Sexual 
Battery Upon a Minor," Count II —"Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 USC §2255," Count III —
"Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress," Count IV - "Civil Remedy for Criminal 
Practices" and Count VI - "Cause of Action Pursuant to Florida Statute 796.09 Against 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein." Defendant seeks dismissal of Counts II and [V of the Amended 
Complaint or, alternatively, a motion for more definite statement as requested. 
Plaintiff filed her Response in Opposition to the Motion to Dismiss. As to Count II, 
Plaintiff conceded in her opposition motion that Epstein correctly argued that punitive damages 
EFTA00729105
--- PAGE 2 ---
Doe v. Epstein 
Page No. 2 
are not recoverable under 18 U.S.C. §2255. Therefore Plaintiff "agreed to strike her claim for 
punitive damages under Count II only." See Response In Opposition, p.3. As such, any court 
order should reflect Plaintiffs concession. 
As to the remaining arguments concerning 18 
§2255 in Section III of Epstein's 
Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint, Epstein chooses to stand on same and incorporates 
those arguments herein. Plaintiff continues to fail to plead any factual allegations whatsoever 
pertaining to violations of the specified "predicate acts," and fails to provide any reliable basis in 
her opposition motion not to grant the motion to dismiss or provide a more definite statement. 
See the Amended Complaint, which only tracks portions of the applicable statutory text and 
Epstein Motion to Dismiss. Moreover, Plaintiff has not cited one case to refute the arguments set 
forth in Epstein's Motion to Dismiss. This is telling, and reason enough to grant dismissal as to 
Count II. 
Likewise, Epstein stands on his arguments set forth in the following section of the 
Motion to Dismiss - IV.(b), NOM IV.(c)(dXe), IV.(eXi), IV.(e)(ii), V. and VI. As such, those 
arguments are incorporated herein by reference. Epstein, however, will Reply to and expound 
upon Plaintiffs inartful arguments in her opposition motion addressing Section IV.(a) of 
Epstein's Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint. 
IL 
Plaintiff Lacks Standing To Bring The FCRCP Claim, Count IV, As She Seeks To 
Recover Personal Injury Damages 
Significantly, Fla. Stat. Chapter 772., the Florida Civil Remedies Criminal Practices Act 
(hereinafter "FCRCP' or "Florida's RICO Statute) is patterned after the Federal Rico Act, 18 
U.S.C. 1964(c). Therefore, as set forth in Epstein's Motion to Dismiss, Florida's RICO statute 
must be construed alongside the Federal Rico Act to obtain its true meaning and application. As 
such, it is without question that Florida looks to Federal authority in construing its own RICO 
EFTA00729106
--- PAGE 3 ---
Doe v. Epstein 
Page No. 3 
statute to accomplish the true meaning of the Federal Rico Act and the Florida statute, and each 
statutes effect, objective and the purpose of the enactment of each statute. The outcome is 
simple - personal injury damages are not cognizable under FCRCP. To hold otherwise would fly 
in the face of the several RICO decisions interpreting Florida Rico and its application, and would 
open the flood gates for every personal injury claim to be transformed into a Rico claim. In line 
with the cases cited in Epstein's Motion to Dismiss, such a result was clearly not what congress 
intended, and Plaintiff has not and cannot cite to one state or federal court decision proving 
otherwise or to any legislative authority contradicting the fact that personal injury damages are 
not recoverable under Federal or Florida Rico. 
Plaintiff, on the other hand, wishes for this court to dismiss the objective and purpose of 
the Federal Rico statute and FCRCP in her flawed attempt to maintain a Florida Rico claim 
against Epstein under Fla. Stat. Chapter 772. In particular, Plaintiff wishes for this court to 
dismiss the significant fact that RICO was NOT enacted to address and provide recovery for 
personal injury damages, but was enacted to provide recovery to those injured in their business 
or property. 
See Section IV.(a) of Epstein's Motion to Dismiss, incorporated herein by 
reference and 18 U.S.C. 1964(c). In fact, Plaintiff all but concedes that argument by claiming 
that she has alleged "economic injury" (e.g., loss to business or property), but conveniently 
forgets the elementary principle that in order for her to recover those "economic &nines" she 
must first be entitled to recover under the personal injury tort for which she has chosen to travel 
(e.g, Sexual Battery-Count I or Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress — Count III, each of 
which are personal injury type claims not recoverable under RICO). Ile Opposition Motion at 
pp. 3-4; Stanfield v. Starkey. 269 Cal. Rptr., 337, 348 (Cal. App. 3d 1990)(affirming trial 
court's ruling — general damages (emotional distress, anguish, shock, nervousness, pain and 
EFTA00729107
--- PAGE 4 ---
Doe v. Epstein 
Page No. 4 
suffering) are not recoverable under RICO), citing Zimmerman v. HBO Affiliate Group, 834 
F.2d 1163, 1169 (3d Cir. 1987)(congress intended RICO to exclude personal injuries). M. at 
348. Plaintiff cannot argue around the application of the statute. In fact, Plaintiff concedes that 
"LI with regard to these parallel provisions, it may make sense in some cases to give persuasive 
effect to federal decisions." Opposition Motion at p. 6. 
Despite Plaintiff's concession in her opposition motion, she claims that the Florida Rico 
statute must be strictly construed without looking to the Federal Application of the Federal Rico 
statute and various decisions. To support her argument, Plaintiff then claims that Epstein's 
Motion to Dismiss only cites 1 1 th Circuit cases for the proposition that Florida's racketeering 
statutes must be interpreted using the Federal RICO Act and its cases and their application of 
RICO. While 1 1 th Circuit cases are certainly enough to support this well reasoned and parallel 
application and construction of the Federal and Florida Rico statutes, Plaintiff fails to highlight 
for the court the additional cases cited by Epstein in his Motion to Dismiss. See g., Palmus Y 
Bambu, S.A. v. E.I. Dupont De Nemours & Company, Inc., 881 So.2d 565 (Fla. 314 DCA 
2004)(because of the similarities between the Florida and Federal Rico Acts, Florida looks to 
Federal authority regarding the interpretation and application of its Acts, citing 18 U.S.C. 1961, 
et seq. and Fla. Stat. 772.104); O'Malley v. St.. Thomas Univ.. Inc., 599 So.2d 999, 1000 (Ha. 
3d DCA 1992)("Since Florida Rico is patterned after Federal RICO. . . .[f]ederal decisions 
should be accorded great weight," and further confirming that a Plaintiff only has standing to sue 
if he/she is injured in their "business or property" (emphasis added)); RLS Business Ventures, 
IfladutmgMaglesgiug
a
al 
784 So.2d 1194, 1195, n.2 (Fla. 2d DCA 2001X"Florida 
courts have held that cases interpreting the Federal Rico Statute, title 18, U.S.C., are persuasive 
as to the meaning of Florida's Rico statute. . . "); Connor v. Halifax Hospital Medical Center, 
EFTA00729108
--- PAGE 5 ---
Doe v. Epstein 
Page No. 5 
135 F.Supp.2d, 1198, 1219 
i
.
Fla. 2001); and Magnum v. Archdiocese of Philadelphia, 253 
Fed.Appx. 224 (3"1 Cir. 2007Xunderlying wrong of continued childhood sexual abuse brought 
against the Archdiocese did not allow for recovery under RICO). Moreover, despite Plaintiff's 
reaching arguments, she fails to cite any supporting case law or legislative authority 
contradicting the fact that Federal decisions must be applied to give Florida's Rico statute 
meaning and to achieve its true application and effect. This alone provides reason to dismiss 
Count IV of the Motion to Dismiss, with prejudice. 
Finally, this is not the first time that a state statute is construed along side a Federal 
statute or act in order to determine the true meaning and application of same. See 
Moore v. 
State, 452 So.2d 559 (Fla. 1984)(Supreme Court construes state rule in accordance with federal 
court decisions interpreting the federal rule); Harper v. Blockbuster Entertainment. Corp., 139 
F.3d 1385, 1387 (11th Cir.1998)(the Florida Civil Rights Act is patterned closely after Title VII, 
and Court's have construed the state act consistent with the federal statute). 
Applying the above law with the cases cited supra and in Epstein's Motion to Dismiss, it 
is clear that Count IV fails legally because Plaintiff seeks, but cannot recover, personal injury 
damages under any RICO standard, Florida or Federal. Therefore, the Rico Count, Count-IV, 
must be dismissed with prejudice. 
WHEREFORE, Defendant respectfully requests 
Court grant his motion directed 
to Plaintiff's Amended Complaint. 
. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL L PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #817296 
moikeabdclaw.com 
EFTA00729109

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729110.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729110.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08-C1V- 80893 - MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendants. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's Reply to Plaintiff's Response In Opposition to Defendant's 
Motion To Dismiss, For More Definite Statement & To Strike Directed To Plaintiff Jane 
Doe's Amended Complaint, With Incorporated Memorandum Of Law 
Defendant, Jeffery Epstein, by and through his undersigned counsel, hereby files his 
Reply to Plaintiff's Response In Opposition to Defendant's Motion To Dismiss, For More 
Definite Statement & To Strike Directed To Plaintiff Jane Doe's Amended Complaint, With 
Incorporated Memorandum of Law. In support of his motion, Defendant states: 
I. 
Introduction 
a.  The Amended Complaint, The Motion to Dismiss 
and Plaintiff's Response In Opposition 
The Amended Complaint attempts to allege four counts, entitled Count I — "Sexual 
Battery Upon a Minor," Count II —"Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 USC §2255," Count III —
"Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress," Count IV - "Civil Remedy for Criminal 
Practices" and Count VI - "Cause of Action Pursuant to Florida Statute 796.09 Against 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein." Defendant seeks dismissal of Counts II and [V of the Amended 
Complaint or, alternatively, a motion for more definite statement as requested. 
Plaintiff filed her Response in Opposition to the Motion to Dismiss. As to Count II, 
Plaintiff conceded in her opposition motion that Epstein correctly argued that punitive damages 
EFTA00729110
--- PAGE 2 ---
Doe v. Epstein 
Page No. 2 
are not recoverable under 18 U.S.C. §2255. Therefore Plaintiff "agreed to strike her claim for 
punitive damages under Count II only." See Response In Opposition, p.3. As such, any court 
order should reflect Plaintiffs concession. 
As to the remaining arguments concerning 18 
§2255 in Section III of Epstein's 
Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint, Epstein chooses to stand on same and incorporates 
those arguments herein. Plaintiff continues to fail to plead any factual allegations whatsoever 
pertaining to violations of the specified "predicate acts," and fails to provide any reliable basis in 
her opposition motion not to grant the motion to dismiss or provide a more definite statement. 
See the Amended Complaint, which only tracks portions of the applicable statutory text and 
Epstein Motion to Dismiss. Moreover, Plaintiff has not cited one case to refute the arguments set 
forth in Epstein's Motion to Dismiss. This is telling, and reason enough to grant dismissal as to 
Count II. 
Likewise, Epstein stands on his arguments set forth in the following section of the 
Motion to Dismiss - IV.(b), NOM IV.(c)(dXe), IV.(eXi), IV.(e)(ii), V. and VI. As such, those 
arguments are incorporated herein by reference. Epstein, however, will Reply to and expound 
upon Plaintiffs inartful arguments in her opposition motion addressing Section IV.(a) of 
Epstein's Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint. 
IL 
Plaintiff Lacks Standing To Bring The FCRCP Claim, Count IV, As She Seeks To 
Recover Personal Injury Damages 
Significantly, Fla. Stat. Chapter 772., the Florida Civil Remedies Criminal Practices Act 
(hereinafter "FCRCP' or "Florida's RICO Statute) is patterned after the Federal Rico Act, 18 
U.S.C. 1964(c). Therefore, as set forth in Epstein's Motion to Dismiss, Florida's RICO statute 
must be construed alongside the Federal Rico Act to obtain its true meaning and application. As 
such, it is without question that Florida looks to Federal authority in construing its own RICO 
EFTA00729111
--- PAGE 3 ---
Doe v. Epstein 
Page No. 3 
statute to accomplish the true meaning of the Federal Rico Act and the Florida statute, and each 
statutes effect, objective and the purpose of the enactment of each statute. The outcome is 
simple - personal injury damages are not cognizable under FCRCP. To hold otherwise would fly 
in the face of the several RICO decisions interpreting Florida Rico and its application, and would 
open the flood gates for every personal injury claim to be transformed into a Rico claim. In line 
with the cases cited in Epstein's Motion to Dismiss, such a result was clearly not what congress 
intended, and Plaintiff has not and cannot cite to one state or federal court decision proving 
otherwise or to any legislative authority contradicting the fact that personal injury damages are 
not recoverable under Federal or Florida Rico. 
Plaintiff, on the other hand, wishes for this court to dismiss the objective and purpose of 
the Federal Rico statute and FCRCP in her flawed attempt to maintain a Florida Rico claim 
against Epstein under Fla. Stat. Chapter 772. In particular, Plaintiff wishes for this court to 
dismiss the significant fact that RICO was NOT enacted to address and provide recovery for 
personal injury damages, but was enacted to provide recovery to those injured in their business 
or property. 
See Section IV.(a) of Epstein's Motion to Dismiss, incorporated herein by 
reference and 18 U.S.C. 1964(c). In fact, Plaintiff all but concedes that argument by claiming 
that she has alleged "economic injury" (e.g., loss to business or property), but conveniently 
forgets the elementary principle that in order for her to recover those "economic &nines" she 
must first be entitled to recover under the personal injury tort for which she has chosen to travel 
(e.g, Sexual Battery-Count I or Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress — Count III, each of 
which are personal injury type claims not recoverable under RICO). Ile Opposition Motion at 
pp. 3-4; Stanfield v. Starkey. 269 Cal. Rptr., 337, 348 (Cal. App. 3d 1990)(affirming trial 
court's ruling — general damages (emotional distress, anguish, shock, nervousness, pain and 
EFTA00729112
--- PAGE 4 ---
Doe v. Epstein 
Page No. 4 
suffering) are not recoverable under RICO), citing Zimmerman v. HBO Affiliate Group, 834 
F.2d 1163, 1169 (3d Cir. 1987)(congress intended RICO to exclude personal injuries). M. at 
348. Plaintiff cannot argue around the application of the statute. In fact, Plaintiff concedes that 
"LI with regard to these parallel provisions, it may make sense in some cases to give persuasive 
effect to federal decisions." Opposition Motion at p. 6. 
Despite Plaintiff's concession in her opposition motion, she claims that the Florida Rico 
statute must be strictly construed without looking to the Federal Application of the Federal Rico 
statute and various decisions. To support her argument, Plaintiff then claims that Epstein's 
Motion to Dismiss only cites 1 1 th Circuit cases for the proposition that Florida's racketeering 
statutes must be interpreted using the Federal RICO Act and its cases and their application of 
RICO. While 1 1 th Circuit cases are certainly enough to support this well reasoned and parallel 
application and construction of the Federal and Florida Rico statutes, Plaintiff fails to highlight 
for the court the additional cases cited by Epstein in his Motion to Dismiss. See g., Palmus Y 
Bambu, S.A. v. E.I. Dupont De Nemours & Company, Inc., 881 So.2d 565 (Fla. 314 DCA 
2004)(because of the similarities between the Florida and Federal Rico Acts, Florida looks to 
Federal authority regarding the interpretation and application of its Acts, citing 18 U.S.C. 1961, 
et seq. and Fla. Stat. 772.104); O'Malley v. St.. Thomas Univ.. Inc., 599 So.2d 999, 1000 (Ha. 
3d DCA 1992)("Since Florida Rico is patterned after Federal RICO. . . .[f]ederal decisions 
should be accorded great weight," and further confirming that a Plaintiff only has standing to sue 
if he/she is injured in their "business or property" (emphasis added)); RLS Business Ventures, 
IfladutmgMaglesgiug
a
al 
784 So.2d 1194, 1195, n.2 (Fla. 2d DCA 2001X"Florida 
courts have held that cases interpreting the Federal Rico Statute, title 18, U.S.C., are persuasive 
as to the meaning of Florida's Rico statute. . . "); Connor v. Halifax Hospital Medical Center, 
EFTA00729113
--- PAGE 5 ---
Doe v. Epstein 
Page No. 5 
135 F.Supp.2d, 1198, 1219 
i
.
Fla. 2001); and Magnum v. Archdiocese of Philadelphia, 253 
Fed.Appx. 224 (3"1 Cir. 2007Xunderlying wrong of continued childhood sexual abuse brought 
against the Archdiocese did not allow for recovery under RICO). Moreover, despite Plaintiff's 
reaching arguments, she fails to cite any supporting case law or legislative authority 
contradicting the fact that Federal decisions must be applied to give Florida's Rico statute 
meaning and to achieve its true application and effect. This alone provides reason to dismiss 
Count IV of the Motion to Dismiss, with prejudice. 
Finally, this is not the first time that a state statute is construed along side a Federal 
statute or act in order to determine the true meaning and application of same. See 
Moore v. 
State, 452 So.2d 559 (Fla. 1984)(Supreme Court construes state rule in accordance with federal 
court decisions interpreting the federal rule); Harper v. Blockbuster Entertainment. Corp., 139 
F.3d 1385, 1387 (11th Cir.1998)(the Florida Civil Rights Act is patterned closely after Title VII, 
and Court's have construed the state act consistent with the federal statute). 
Applying the above law with the cases cited supra and in Epstein's Motion to Dismiss, it 
is clear that Count IV fails legally because Plaintiff seeks, but cannot recover, personal injury 
damages under any RICO standard, Florida or Federal. Therefore, the Rico Count, Count-IV, 
must be dismissed with prejudice. 
WHEREFORE, Defendant respectfully requests 
Court grant his motion directed 
to Plaintiff's Amended Complaint. 
. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL L PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #817296 
moikeabdclaw.com 
EFTA00729114
--- PAGE 6 ---
Doe v Epstein 
Page No. 6 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following service list in the manner spgcifipd via 
transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF on this 
day o 
2009: 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-522-3456 
Fax: 954-527-8663 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
cassellp®law.utah.edu 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
561-835-8691 Fax 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
By: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-842-2820 
Fax: 561-515-3148 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffley Epstein) 
EFTA00729115

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729116.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729116.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 266 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08)1412009 
Page 1 of 9 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092, 
PLAINTIFFS' JANE DOES 2-7 REPLY MEMORANDUM 
IN SUPPORT OF MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
Summary of Argument in Reply 
Through hyperbole and grandiose statements, Defendant Epstein seeks to mask the true 
purpose and motive of his private "investigation" into the Plaintiffs' claims. The private 
investigators' activities, some of which have been documented through the Declarations of Jane 
Doe No. 4,1 Jane Doe No. 6, Jane Doe No. 7 and Jane Doe No. 4's sister, Y.B., are not intended 
to receive information from relevant witnesses, but rather to give information about the Plaintiff 
to persons who are generally within the Plaintiff's circle of friends, family and community, but 
who are unaware that she is a civil Plaintiff making claims of child sex abuse against Jeffrey 
Epstein. While the investigators may not be stating to these persons directly that the Plaintiff is 
Jane Doe No. 4 has submitted two Declarations, dated July 17, 2009 and August 14, 2009, 
respectively. 
I 
EFTA00729116
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 266 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/14/2009 
Page 2 of 9 
a "Jane Doe" who has brought a civil case against Jeffrey Epstein alleging particular facts of 
child sexual abuse, they are in a calculated manner through their questions offering information 
that makes these facts very clear to the persons contacted. They are doing so in an aggressive 
and obnoxious manner, harassing the persons contacted. These persons are otherwise marginal 
or peripheral as witnesses, whom one would not expect an investigator to personally contact in a 
typical case. 
The Plaintiffs have great fear and concern of their identities being disclosed as Epstein's 
victims, and the resulting damage to their reputations. As set forth in the report of Gilbert 
Kliman, M.D., the release of this information "will foster an exacerbation and magnification of 
symptoms leading to increased risk of revictimization and retraumatization." (Exh. A to Motion 
for Protective Order, DE 226, 1 21). By means of his investigators, Defendant Epstein seeks to 
release this information not publicly through court filings, but person-by-person to the 
individuals who are either close to Plaintiff or in a position to damage her reputation and who 
are otherwise unaware of the Plaintiff's involvement with Epstein. 
In this manner, it is 
Defendant's intent not to defend these cases on their merits, but to intimidate and shame the 
Plaintiffs into either dismissing their cases or settling them for a nominal sum. This illegitimate 
strategy can only be thwarted through an appropriate protective order under Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(c). 
Plaintiffs Have Not Delayed or Stonewalled 
Defendant in His Nonparty Discovery 
In support of his use of private investigators in these cases, Defendant falsely accuses 
Plaintiffs of unreasonably delaying discovery, particularly relating to "the Plaintiffs" medical, 
psychological, criminal and employment histories, as well as their general backgrounds." The 
absurdity of this accusation is reflected in the Court's recent Order dated August 7, 2009, on the 
Defendant's Motion to Compel and/or Identify Jane Doe et at (DE 253). The Defendant's 
EFTA00729117
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 266 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08)1412009 
Page 3 of 9 
Motion sought to disclose the Plaintiff's names in the style of the case or, alternatively, in 
discovery subpoenas containing the captions of these cases. If the Defendant were allowed to 
proceed in this manner, anyone receiving a subpoena would readily discover that Plaintiff is a 
Jane Doe bringing a civil suit against Defendant Epstein. The Court struck a balance between 
the Plaintiffs' concerns regarding such disclosure of their identities and the Defendant's interest 
in obtaining nonparty discovery, holding that the Plaintiffs shall remain anonymous in the style 
of the cases and that any nonparty subpoenas must use the caption "In re [plaintiff's legal 
name"), and not reference or identify Defendant by name. 
Accordingly, it was only 
Defendant's insistence that standard nonparty subpoenas be issued in these cases without regard 
to the Plaintiffs' anonymity that caused Defendant any delay in discovery. Defendant is now 
free to serve nonparty subpoenas in compliance with the Court's Order. 
Plaintiffs have 
otherwise worked cooperatively with Defendant in providing relevant discovery. Plaintiffs' 
counsel initiated a draft of a HIPAA compliant protective order, which was stipulated by the 
parties and entered by the Court on July 2, 2009. Additionally, Plaintiffs have provided 
Defendant with extensive discovery from Plaintiff's forensic psychiatric expert, Dr. Kliman, 
including videotaped interviews of Plaintiffs, which have been provided to and used by the 
Defendant's expert, Richard C.W. Hall, M.D.2
Defendant therefore is not by any stretch being unreasonably delayed or thwarted in 
obtaining nonparty discovery through the rules of civil procedure on the Plaintiffs' medical, 
psychological, criminal and employment histories. The notion that information from private 
investigators is critical because Plaintiffs are otherwise preventing Defendant from obtaining 
Plaintiffs have also provided Epstein's counsel with signed authorizations for school records 
and Epstein's counsel is currently requesting them. 
EFTA00729118
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 266 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/14.12009 
Page 4 of 9 
non party discovery is false and misleading.;
Defendant is Not Using Investigators 
for Legitimate Purposes in Good Faith 
Defendant asserts that private investigators are "one of the most traditional methods [for 
discovery] in the justice system", and a "common and well accepted method by which parties 
seek to obtain information not easily or otherwise obtainable about the claims asserted". 
(Defendant's Response, pp. 4, 6, DE 262). Plaintiffs do not contend that Defendant should be 
prohibited from using private investigators in good faith, as a defendant might ordinarily do in a 
case of this nature. The problem and concern raised by Plaintiffs in their Motion for Protective 
Order is that Defendant is not using private investigators in a good faith effort to obtain relevant 
evidence, but rather for the ulterior motive of intimidating and harassing the Plaintiffs. The 
Declarations filed in support of the Plaintiffs' Motion for Protective Order demonstrate the 
following: 
• The private investigators are casting a wide net, making personal contacts with friends, 
acquaintances, employers, and even immediate family members of the Plaintiffs. (See 
Decls. of Jane Doe No. 7, Jane Doe No. 4 (dated 8-14-09), Jane Doe No. 4's sister, 
Y.B.). 
• The private investigators are making personal contacts with employers, asking questions 
that extend beyond the scope of the Plaintiffs' employment to the Plaintiffs' personal 
and intimate lives, including identities of their current and former boyfriends. 
Decls. of Jane Doe No. 4 (dated 7-17-09) and Jane Doe No. 6). 
Defendant within the same paragraph of his Response duplicitously discusses the detailed 
psychological information on Plaintiffs that Defendant has received in discovery, and then 
asserts that "Plaintiffs have objected to all meaningful discovery." (Defendant's Response, pp. 
5-6, 1 5, DE 262). 
EFTA00729119
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 266 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/14/2009 
Page 5 of 9 
• The private investigators are seeking out the Plaintiffs' boyfriends apparently to ask 
intimate questions regarding the Plaintiffs' sexual histories. (See Decls. of Jane Doe No. 
and No. 4 (dated 7-17-09 and 8-14-09)). 
• The private investigators are aggressive and harassing to the persons they contact, 
including making multiple contacts with a person after being advised that he does not 
wish to talk to them. (Decl. of Jane Doe No. 4 (dated 8-14-09)). 
• The private investigators are asking questions of friends and acquaintances transparently 
designed not to obtain information but to destroy the Plaintiffs' anonymity. (See Decl. 
of Jane Doe No. 7) (see also discussion below). 
Questions asked by one of Epstein's investigators about Plaintiff Jane Doe No. 7, as set 
forth in her Declaration, demonstrate the private investigators' ulterior motive. These questions 
were as follows: 
• 
Was [she] promiscuous in high school? 
• 
What was [her] reputation in high school? 
• 
How many guys [has she] been with? 
• 
Did [she] date older, rich guys? 
• 
Did [she] give massages for money? 
• 
Who were [her] friends in high school and what is their contact information? 
(DE 251). The activities of billionaire Epstein with underage girls which have resulted in a 
criminal conviction, jail sentence and require him to register as a sex offender, have been 
heavily publicized and are well known. References to "massages" and "older, rich guys" in the 
questions asked by the investigator effectively inform the person contacted that Jane Doe No. 7 
alleges that she is a victim of Defendant Epstein. The investigator is at the same time informing 
EFTA00729120
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 266 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08)1412009 
Page 6 of 9 
the person contacted that the Plaintiff has brought a civil suit. (See Declaration of Y.B.). 
The questions asked by the investigator are notable for the information they provide to 
the contact person. 
Any information that these individuals would provide in response to the 
investigator's questions would be of little if any relevance. For instance, there is no legitimate 
purpose in asking a friend or acquaintance of the Plaintiff whether the Plaintiff dates "older, rich 
guys" or gives "massages" for money. Epstein's plan and scheme of luring underage girls for 
"massages" was unique, the product of his apparent ingenious creativity in satisfying his 
perverse desires. No one can seriously contend in these cases that the high school girls who 
came to Epstein's mansion were professional or even amateur masseuses who gave massages 
for money to anyone other than Jeffrey Epstein. Accordingly, the investigator's questions about 
whether the Plaintiff provided "massages" to "older, rich guys" is disingenuous, and only serves 
to link the Plaintiff with Epstein in the mind of the person being questioned. 
The other questions asked about Jane Doe No. 7 — her reputation in high school, 
promiscuity, etc. — pertain to the Plaintiff's sexual contacts with other men, which under 
Fed.R.Evid. 412 would not be admissible. Rule 412 has served as a basis for the courts to limit 
discovery of a sexual abuse victim's sexual history for cogent policy reasons. (See Plaintiffs' 
Memorandum in Opposition to Epstein's Motion to Compel Answers to First Set of 
Interrogatories, pp. 3-6, DE 93, and cases cited therein).4 It recognizes that the rules of liberal, 
broad discovery must yield to protect victims of sexual misconduct from unnecessary 
embarrassment and intrusion into their private lives. A defendant's investigators should not be 
allowed to ask a Plaintiff's friends, acquaintances and family about the Plaintiff's sexual 
Epstein's Motion to Compel Answers to Interrogatories et aL, which raises issues concerning 
discovery of Plaintiffs' sexual histories, has been briefed and is pending before the Court. 
EFTA00729121
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 266 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08/14/2009 
Page 7 of 9 
history, thereby evading the limitations on discovery and admissibility found in Rule 412 for the 
only conceivable purpose of harassing the Plaintiff. 
Defendant asserts that he seeks to use investigators to ask ex-boyfriends and friends of 
the Plaintiff specific questions concerning the Plaintiff's massages and contacts with Epstein, 
and "whether Plaintiff ever seemed disturbed or traumatized about her alleged experiences with 
Epstein." (Defendants' Response, p. 9, DE 262). Such questions are not reasonably calculated 
to lead to discoverable information, yet fully identify the Plaintiff to the purported witness as an 
alleged victim of Epstein bringing a civil case and inform that person of the specific allegations 
being made by the Plaintiff. Of course, a person who was previously unaware of a Plaintiff's 
alleged experiences with Epstein would not be able to meaningfully comment on whether the 
Plaintiff ever seemed disturbed or traumatized about those experiences. Such questions of 
nonparties by investigators will, on the other hand, render the Plaintiffs' anonymity as Jane 
Does' meaningless, defeat the Court's intent to strike an appropriate balance between the 
Defendant's discovery and the Plaintiffs' psychological well being, and otherwise cause the 
revictimization and retraumatization of the Plaintiffs. 
Conclusion 
Plaintiffs respectfully request that an order be entered imposing appropriate restrictions 
on the activities of the Defendants' investigators, including without limitation, preventing ex 
parte contacts with persons not disclosed in Plaintiffs' discovery responses as having been 
informed of the allegations made by Plaintiffs. 
EFTA00729122
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 266 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08)1412009 
Page 8 of 9 
Dated: August 14, 2009. 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
s/ Stuart S. Mermelstein 
o. 947245) 
o. 376980) 
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami, Florida 33160 
Fax: (305) 931-0877 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on August 14, 2009, I electronically filed the foregoing document 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being 
served this day to all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either via 
transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other authorized 
manner for those parties who are not authorized to receive electronically Notices of Electronic 
Filing. 
/s/ Stuart S. Mermelstein 
EFTA00729123
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 266 
Entered on FLSD Docket 08)1412009 
Page 9 of 9 
SERVICE LIST 
DOE vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldber er Es . 
Robert D. Critton, Es . 
Bradley James Edwards 
Isidro Manuel Garcia 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell 
Richard Horace Willits 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
EFTA00729124

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729125.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 10-CV-21586-ASG 
PODHURST ORSECK, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's Response to Defendant's Amended Notice and 
Motion for Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court 
The defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, responds to the Plaintiff's Response to his Motion 
for Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court as follows: 
1. The Plaintiffs Response, in its first sentence, indicates that it does not oppose 
the relief requested. The remainder of the Response is a gratuitous, unnecessary, 
inflammatory, immaterial, series of misrepresentations regarding the Defendant's intent 
in offering to deposit $2,000,000 into the Court and regarding the history and nature of 
the fee dispute that is at the core of the current litigation; 
2. As background, defendant Epstein executed a Non-Prosecution Agreement with 
the United States Attorney's Office ("USAO") on September 24, 2007 (hereinafter 
"Agreement"). The Agreement required that Epstein plead to state offenses and that 
the USAO agree not to federally prosecute him for various offenses that were under 
investigation. The Agreement also required that Epstein pay legal fees for an attorney 
representative, who was to be selected by an independent third party, and provide 
counsel to a list of individuals which remained secret until after Epstein's state plea nine 
months after the execution of the Agreement. The fee obligation was not intended to be 
EFTA00729125
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
unlimited: it was to pay the fees of the attorney representative prior to his electing to file 
and/or filing "contested litigation" or "any other contested remedy" against Epstein and 
was to "cease" and not obligate Epstein "to pay the fees and costs of contested litigation 
filed against him" (Addendum to Agreement, Par. 7C). The fee obligation required that 
Epstein "pay such attorney representative his or her regular customary hourly rate". 
The Agreement did not address such issues as whether the attorney representative 
would be authorized to go outside his firm and hire and pay non-firm lawyers, a 
significant issue given that the Plaintiff is seeking over $1,000,000 in fees generated by 
two non-firm lawyers, one of whom remained employed as an Assistant State Attorney 
while billing over $700,000 for her work on the Epstein matters. 
The Agreement 
implicitly limited the fees and costs being charged to Mr. Epstein so that they were 
reasonable and not unnecessarily duplicative given that Mr. Epstein, at the essence of 
these highly unorthodox requirements, was being obligated to pay the fees of an 
attorney who was his adversary both in settlement discussions and thereafter when he 
filed litigation against him. The Agreement further required that Mr. Epstein waive 
liability and not contest jurisdiction only when certain conditions precedent were fulfilled 
by litigating claimants, see, infra, Par 4b. Although the Agreement was silent on the 
timing of interim payments, and on what procedure would be used to resolve disputes 
as to whether certain invoiced charges were outside the Agreement's fee obligations, 
clearly Mr. Epstein was not mandated by the Agreement to simply write a blank check 
for over $2,500,000 of fees upon demand or be automatically in breach of the 
Agreement as contended by Plaintiff. On numerous occasions before the filing of this 
litigation, Mr. Epstein has offered to review the invoices with the Plaintiff on a line by line 
EFTA00729126
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
basis, offers that at the end were refused. Mr. Epstein has repeatedly offered to submit 
the disputed invoices to a neutral third party, and resolve the disputed fee issues 
without litigation however such offers were refused by Plaintiff. As will be shown, Mr. 
Epstein has principled disputes with the reasonableness of the fee request, the 
duplication of work by both firm and non-firm lawyers, the including of fees and costs 
attributable to contested litigation brought by three of the attorney representative's 
clients rather than to "consideration of potential settlements" as was contemplated by 
the Agreement's fee provisions, and to the enormous fee demands made by non-firm 
lawyers whose retention was unnecessary and unauthorized by the Agreement. Mr. 
Epstein did not willfully breach the Agreement. He paid $526,000 of the Plaintiffs 
interim bills while reserving his right to contest both the fees and costs charged. He is 
seeking to place $2,000,000 in Trust as security against any potential future 
determination by this Court that any additional fees and costs are owed under the 
Agreement; 
3. Mr. Epstein's intent in seeking that his pending Motion be granted is only to 
fulfill his obligations under the Non-Prosecution Agreement to pay all reasonable 
settlement-related fees according to the terms of the Agreement. As stated, Mr. Epstein 
should not be required to issue a "blank check" to pay interim legal bills which clearly 
include excessive or duplicate charges and further include litigation-related fees and 
costs that are outside the Agreement. Amongst the principled issues that are raised by 
the Complaint are as follows: 
a) $1,073,000 of the disputed amount results from charges attributed to two 
EFTA00729127
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
attorneys who are not members of the attorney representative's firm, one of whom was 
a sitting state prosecutor at the time. Although Mr. Epstein "agreed to pay the fees of 
the attorney representative selected ...", NPA Addendum Par. 7C, he never agreed to 
the employment of outside attorneys much less agreed to the extensiveness of their 
involvement and the enormity of the fees that they have sought from Mr. Epstein. 
These fees are not within Mr. Epstein's obligations under the Agreement. Over 
$700,000 of these fees (or the equivalent of over 10 years of full-time legal work in this 
non-firm attorney's ordinary job) are requested for work performed by an Assistant State 
Attorney for Dade County who was not a civil litigator and had little or no specialized 
expertise in areas directly relevant to the consideration of civil settlements. These 
charges are not necessary, reasonable, nor within Mr. Epstein's NPA obligations; 
b) A review of just one page of one of the bills, e.g., p. 13 of the invoice of 
May 11, 2010, reflects that Mr. Epstein is being charged for litigation-related fees when 
his NPA obligation limits him to paying settlement-related fees only. This single 
exemplar reflects hourly billing for preparation and attendance of firm members at 
litigation depositions, for preparation and research into client Jane Doe's Response on 
March 18-March 22, 2010, just days after the March 9, 2010 filing of the Complaint in 
Jane Doe 103 v Epstein 9:10cv80309-KAM (SD Fla) by the attorney representative. 
The charges are clearly litigation related and are in direct conflict with the Agreement's 
provision that Mr. Epstein's fee obligations to the attorney representative "cease" upon 
the Thing of contested litigation. Further, at p. 23 of the same bill, are charges for court 
reporter fees for depositions and filing fees for Complaints. Similar litigation-related 
charges permeate the invoices; 
EFTA00729128
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
c) A review of the bills shows duplicative and excessive requested fees that 
are substantially disproportionate to the monetary value of all the settlements reached 
for the Plaintiffs fifteen clients, including the three who filed litigation. 
d) The magnitude of the settlement-related charges are unreasonable 
particularly given that the attorney representative fee obligations were not agreed to in 
arms-length negotiation with the Plaintiffs' own clients, but were instead imposed on Mr. 
Epstein by his Non-Prosecution Agreement. 
Given this unorthodoxy, there is even 
greater need that the charges to Epstein must be reasonable, see, e.g., Red Bull GMBH 
v. Spacefuel Corp (1:06cv20948-AJ)(SD Fla)(Court reduces rates charged to losing 
party in litigation as being unreasonable) 
e) Although all of the clients who selected the attorney representative have 
now settled their cases, Mr. Epstein has not received a final invoice. The interim bills 
received to date do not include any charges for the two outside attorneys referred to in 
paragraph 3a for March-May, 2010. The NPA obligates payment but does not require 
interim payments. Defendant Epstein has at all times informed the Plaintiffs that he 
reserves the right to submit disputed bills to a neutral third party, see, e.g., letter of Jay 
Lefkowitz to Robert Josefsberg, September 8, 2009. 
4. The claims of Plaintiff contained in his Response that defendant Epstein has 
violated the NPA are inaccurate, irrelevant and even frivolous: 
a) Plaintiff alleges that Epstein failed to formalize his plea of guilty in state 
court and "delayed that action for several months", Response, pp. 1-2. The reality is 
that during the time period addressed by Plaintiff, Mr. Epstein, through counsel, with the 
knowledge and consent of the United States Attorney Mr. Acosta and First Assistant Mr. 
EFTA00729129
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
Sloman, was pursuing his right to review the Agreement through meetings and filings 
with the Department of Justice in Washington D.C., a review process that did not end 
until June 23, 2008 just 7 days before Mr. Epstein entered his state plea. 
b) Paintiff further alleges that Epstein was in "clear breach of the NPA" by 
filing a Motion to Dismiss contesting the legality of a lawsuit before Judge Marra, 
Response, p. 2. 
The waivers of liability and right to contest jurisdiction were not 
effectuated, as claimed by Plaintiff, "so long as the claims were being brought pursuant 
to §2255", Id. Instead, the NPA limited the waivers to a claimant who "elects to proceed 
exclusively under 18 U.S.C. §2255, and agrees to waive any other claim for damages, 
whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law," Agreement, Par. 8. The plaintiff in 
question said she was filing only under 18 U.S.C. §2255 but she did not ever agree to 
waive or relinquish all future claims for damages as required as a condition precedent 
for any of the NPA waivers of liability and jurisdiction.' Nevertheless, when warned by 
the Government that there was a perceived breach of the NPA in the Motion to Dismiss 
filing, it was withdrawn on the day of the notice of breach. 
5. 
The Non-Prosecution Agreement contains highly unorthodox provisions 
including a requirement that Mr. Epstein agree to not contest liability as to a list of 
"victims" which was not disclosed to him until after his plea and incarceration 9 months 
after he executed the Agreement. This provision led to settlements with persons who 
Additionally, in an authoritative communication by the United States Attorney, Jeffrey 
Sloman, to Epstein's counsel dated December 4, 2007, the Government agreed that it 
was the intentions of the parties that the waiver of right to contest subject matter 
jurisdiction was intended by all parties "to address issues of venue" and that "this Office 
will not interpret this paragraph as any waiver of subject matter jurisdiction." 
EFTA00729130
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 7 
could not be verified as even having been at Mr. Epstein's residence or having met Mr. 
Epstein. Epstein has thus gone beyond the literal terms of the Agreement and declined 
to contest liability even as to plaintiffs who never relinquished their future right to bring 
additional claims. But even the spirit of the Agreement does not require that he pay the 
full amount of every bill when the charges are either unreasonable or duplicative or 
outside the limiting provisions of the Agreement nor does it prohibit the presentation of 
fee disputes to the Court so long as Mr. Epstein pays what a Court determines is owed. 
6. The defendant wants only to resolve his outstanding fee dispute in conformity 
with his obligations under the NPA. 
He requests that the Court grant his now 
unopposed Motion to place $2,000,000 in Trust pending a final determination of whether 
he owes any amounts in addition to the $526,000 he has already paid the Plaintiffs. 
WHEREFORE, the Defendant requests that this Court grant the relief requested 
and any other relief deemed necessary. 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being 
served this day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the 
manner specified by CM/ECF on this 27th day of May 2010: 
Respectfully submitted, 
By:  /s/ Robert D. Critton 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
EFTA00729131
--- PAGE 8 ---
Page 8 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN. CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
ax 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Service List 
Steven C. Marks, Esq. (FBN 516414) 
Peter Prieto, Esq. (FBN 501492 
John Gravante, Esq. FBN 617113) 
PODHURST ORSECK, 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
City National bank Building 
W. Flagler Street, Suite #800 
Miami, FL 33103 
Facsimile: (305) 358-2382 
EFTA00729132

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729133.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729133.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 10-CV-21586-ASG 
PODHURST ORSECK, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's Response to Defendant's Amended Notice and 
Motion for Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court 
The defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, responds to the Plaintiff's Response to his Motion 
for Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court as follows: 
1. The Plaintiffs Response, in its first sentence, indicates that it does not oppose 
the relief requested. The remainder of the Response is a gratuitous, unnecessary, 
inflammatory, immaterial, series of misrepresentations regarding the Defendant's intent 
in offering to deposit $2,000,000 into the Court and regarding the history and nature of 
the fee dispute that is at the core of the current litigation; 
2. As background, defendant Epstein executed a Non-Prosecution Agreement with 
the United States Attorney's Office ("USAO") on September 24, 2007 (hereinafter 
"Agreement"). The Agreement required that Epstein plead to state offenses and that 
the USAO agree not to federally prosecute him for various offenses that were under 
investigation. The Agreement also required that Epstein pay legal fees for an attorney 
representative, who was to be selected by an independent third party, and provide 
counsel to a list of individuals which remained secret until after Epstein's state plea nine 
months after the execution of the Agreement. The fee obligation was not intended to be 
EFTA00729133
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
unlimited: it was to pay the fees of the attorney representative prior to his electing to file 
and/or filing "contested litigation" or "any other contested remedy" against Epstein and 
was to "cease" and not obligate Epstein "to pay the fees and costs of contested litigation 
filed against him" (Addendum to Agreement, Par. 7C). The fee obligation required that 
Epstein "pay such attorney representative his or her regular customary hourly rate". 
The Agreement did not address such issues as whether the attorney representative 
would be authorized to go outside his firm and hire and pay non-firm lawyers, a 
significant issue given that the Plaintiff is seeking over $1,000,000 in fees generated by 
two non-firm lawyers, one of whom remained employed as an Assistant State Attorney 
while billing over $700,000 for her work on the Epstein matters. 
The Agreement 
implicitly limited the fees and costs being charged to Mr. Epstein so that they were 
reasonable and not unnecessarily duplicative given that Mr. Epstein, at the essence of 
these highly unorthodox requirements, was being obligated to pay the fees of an 
attorney who was his adversary both in settlement discussions and thereafter when he 
filed litigation against him. The Agreement further required that Mr. Epstein waive 
liability and not contest jurisdiction only when certain conditions precedent were fulfilled 
by litigating claimants, see, infra, Par 4b. Although the Agreement was silent on the 
timing of interim payments, and on what procedure would be used to resolve disputes 
as to whether certain invoiced charges were outside the Agreement's fee obligations, 
clearly Mr. Epstein was not mandated by the Agreement to simply write a blank check 
for over $2,500,000 of fees upon demand or be automatically in breach of the 
Agreement as contended by Plaintiff. On numerous occasions before the filing of this 
litigation, Mr. Epstein has offered to review the invoices with the Plaintiff on a line by line 
EFTA00729134
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
basis, offers that at the end were refused. Mr. Epstein has repeatedly offered to submit 
the disputed invoices to a neutral third party, and resolve the disputed fee issues 
without litigation however such offers were refused by Plaintiff. As will be shown, Mr. 
Epstein has principled disputes with the reasonableness of the fee request, the 
duplication of work by both firm and non-firm lawyers, the including of fees and costs 
attributable to contested litigation brought by three of the attorney representative's 
clients rather than to "consideration of potential settlements" as was contemplated by 
the Agreement's fee provisions, and to the enormous fee demands made by non-firm 
lawyers whose retention was unnecessary and unauthorized by the Agreement. Mr. 
Epstein did not willfully breach the Agreement. He paid $526,000 of the Plaintiffs 
interim bills while reserving his right to contest both the fees and costs charged. He is 
seeking to place $2,000,000 in Trust as security against any potential future 
determination by this Court that any additional fees and costs are owed under the 
Agreement; 
3. Mr. Epstein's intent in seeking that his pending Motion be granted is only to 
fulfill his obligations under the Non-Prosecution Agreement to pay all reasonable 
settlement-related fees according to the terms of the Agreement. As stated, Mr. Epstein 
should not be required to issue a "blank check" to pay interim legal bills which clearly 
include excessive or duplicate charges and further include litigation-related fees and 
costs that are outside the Agreement. Amongst the principled issues that are raised by 
the Complaint are as follows: 
a) $1,073,000 of the disputed amount results from charges attributed to two 
EFTA00729135
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
attorneys who are not members of the attorney representative's firm, one of whom was 
a sitting state prosecutor at the time. Although Mr. Epstein "agreed to pay the fees of 
the attorney representative selected ...", NPA Addendum Par. 7C, he never agreed to 
the employment of outside attorneys much less agreed to the extensiveness of their 
involvement and the enormity of the fees that they have sought from Mr. Epstein. 
These fees are not within Mr. Epstein's obligations under the Agreement. Over 
$700,000 of these fees (or the equivalent of over 10 years of full-time legal work in this 
non-firm attorney's ordinary job) are requested for work performed by an Assistant State 
Attorney for Dade County who was not a civil litigator and had little or no specialized 
expertise in areas directly relevant to the consideration of civil settlements. These 
charges are not necessary, reasonable, nor within Mr. Epstein's NPA obligations; 
b) A review of just one page of one of the bills, e.g., p. 13 of the invoice of 
May 11, 2010, reflects that Mr. Epstein is being charged for litigation-related fees when 
his NPA obligation limits him to paying settlement-related fees only. This single 
exemplar reflects hourly billing for preparation and attendance of firm members at 
litigation depositions, for preparation and research into client Jane Doe's Response on 
March 18-March 22, 2010, just days after the March 9, 2010 filing of the Complaint in 
Jane Doe 103 v Epstein 9:10cv80309-KAM (SD Fla) by the attorney representative. 
The charges are clearly litigation related and are in direct conflict with the Agreement's 
provision that Mr. Epstein's fee obligations to the attorney representative "cease" upon 
the Thing of contested litigation. Further, at p. 23 of the same bill, are charges for court 
reporter fees for depositions and filing fees for Complaints. Similar litigation-related 
charges permeate the invoices; 
EFTA00729136
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
c) A review of the bills shows duplicative and excessive requested fees that 
are substantially disproportionate to the monetary value of all the settlements reached 
for the Plaintiffs fifteen clients, including the three who filed litigation. 
d) The magnitude of the settlement-related charges are unreasonable 
particularly given that the attorney representative fee obligations were not agreed to in 
arms-length negotiation with the Plaintiffs' own clients, but were instead imposed on Mr. 
Epstein by his Non-Prosecution Agreement. 
Given this unorthodoxy, there is even 
greater need that the charges to Epstein must be reasonable, see, e.g., Red Bull GMBH 
v. Spacefuel Corp (1:06cv20948-AJ)(SD Fla)(Court reduces rates charged to losing 
party in litigation as being unreasonable) 
e) Although all of the clients who selected the attorney representative have 
now settled their cases, Mr. Epstein has not received a final invoice. The interim bills 
received to date do not include any charges for the two outside attorneys referred to in 
paragraph 3a for March-May, 2010. The NPA obligates payment but does not require 
interim payments. Defendant Epstein has at all times informed the Plaintiffs that he 
reserves the right to submit disputed bills to a neutral third party, see, e.g., letter of Jay 
Lefkowitz to Robert Josefsberg, September 8, 2009. 
4. The claims of Plaintiff contained in his Response that defendant Epstein has 
violated the NPA are inaccurate, irrelevant and even frivolous: 
a) Plaintiff alleges that Epstein failed to formalize his plea of guilty in state 
court and "delayed that action for several months", Response, pp. 1-2. The reality is 
that during the time period addressed by Plaintiff, Mr. Epstein, through counsel, with the 
knowledge and consent of the United States Attorney Mr. Acosta and First Assistant Mr. 
EFTA00729137
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
Sloman, was pursuing his right to review the Agreement through meetings and filings 
with the Department of Justice in Washington D.C., a review process that did not end 
until June 23, 2008 just 7 days before Mr. Epstein entered his state plea. 
b) Paintiff further alleges that Epstein was in "clear breach of the NPA" by 
filing a Motion to Dismiss contesting the legality of a lawsuit before Judge Marra, 
Response, p. 2. 
The waivers of liability and right to contest jurisdiction were not 
effectuated, as claimed by Plaintiff, "so long as the claims were being brought pursuant 
to §2255", Id. Instead, the NPA limited the waivers to a claimant who "elects to proceed 
exclusively under 18 U.S.C. §2255, and agrees to waive any other claim for damages, 
whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law," Agreement, Par. 8. The plaintiff in 
question said she was filing only under 18 U.S.C. §2255 but she did not ever agree to 
waive or relinquish all future claims for damages as required as a condition precedent 
for any of the NPA waivers of liability and jurisdiction.' Nevertheless, when warned by 
the Government that there was a perceived breach of the NPA in the Motion to Dismiss 
filing, it was withdrawn on the day of the notice of breach. 
5. 
The Non-Prosecution Agreement contains highly unorthodox provisions 
including a requirement that Mr. Epstein agree to not contest liability as to a list of 
"victims" which was not disclosed to him until after his plea and incarceration 9 months 
after he executed the Agreement. This provision led to settlements with persons who 
Additionally, in an authoritative communication by the United States Attorney, Jeffrey 
Sloman, to Epstein's counsel dated December 4, 2007, the Government agreed that it 
was the intentions of the parties that the waiver of right to contest subject matter 
jurisdiction was intended by all parties "to address issues of venue" and that "this Office 
will not interpret this paragraph as any waiver of subject matter jurisdiction." 
EFTA00729138
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 7 
could not be verified as even having been at Mr. Epstein's residence or having met Mr. 
Epstein. Epstein has thus gone beyond the literal terms of the Agreement and declined 
to contest liability even as to plaintiffs who never relinquished their future right to bring 
additional claims. But even the spirit of the Agreement does not require that he pay the 
full amount of every bill when the charges are either unreasonable or duplicative or 
outside the limiting provisions of the Agreement nor does it prohibit the presentation of 
fee disputes to the Court so long as Mr. Epstein pays what a Court determines is owed. 
6. The defendant wants only to resolve his outstanding fee dispute in conformity 
with his obligations under the NPA. 
He requests that the Court grant his now 
unopposed Motion to place $2,000,000 in Trust pending a final determination of whether 
he owes any amounts in addition to the $526,000 he has already paid the Plaintiffs. 
WHEREFORE, the Defendant requests that this Court grant the relief requested 
and any other relief deemed necessary. 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being 
served this day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the 
manner specified by CM/ECF on this 27th day of May 2010: 
Respectfully submitted, 
By:  /s/ Robert D. Critton 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
EFTA00729139
--- PAGE 8 ---
Page 8 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN. CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Service List 
Steven C. Marks, Esq. (FBN 516414) 
Peter Prieto, Esq. (FBN 501492 
John Gravante, Esq. FBN 617113) 
PODHURST ORSECK, 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
City National bank Building 
W. Flagler Street, Suite #800 
Miami, FL 33103 
Facsimile: (305) 358-2382 
EFTA00729140

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729141.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT ONLY 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.:10-CV-21586 
PODHURST ORSECK 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's Response to Defendant's Amended Notice and 
Motion for Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court 
The defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, responds to the Plaintiff's Response to his Motion for 
Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court as follows: 
I. The Plaintiff's Response, in its first sentence, indicates that it does not oppose the 
relief requested. The remainder of the Response is a gratuitous, unnecessary, 
inflammatory, immaterial, series of misrepresentations regarding the Defendant's 
intent in offering to deposit $2,000,000 into the Court and regarding the history 
and nature of the fee dispute that is at the core of the current litigation; 
2. As background, defendant Epstein executed a Non-Prosecution Agreement with 
the United States Attorney's Office ("USAO") on September 24, 2007 
thereinafter "Agreement"). The Agreement uniquely required that Epstein plead 
to state offenses  chosen by and-that the USAO  and they would agree not to 
federally prosecute him for various offenses that were under investigation. The 
Agreement also required that Epstein pay legal fees for an attorney representative, 
EFTA00729141
--- PAGE 2 ---
who was to be selected by an independent third party, and provide counsel to-with 
a list of individuals which was to  remained secret until after Epstein-' state-plea 
nine-metilltsEpstein agreed to waive liability to each name and to be disclosed 
only after he was incarcerated  after the execution of the Agreement. The fee 
obligation was not intended to be unlimited: it was to pay the fees of the attorney 
representative prior to his electing to file and/or filing "contested litigation" or 
"any other contested remedy" against Epstein and was to "cease" and not obligate 
Epstein "to pay the fees and costs of contested litigation filed against him" 
(Addendum to Agreement, Par. 7C). The fee obligation required that Epstein 
"pay such attorney representative his or her regular customary hourly rate". The 
Agreement did not address such issues as whether the attorney representative 
would be authorized to go outside his firm and hire and pay non-firm lawyers, a 
significant issue given that the Plaintiff is seeking over $1,000,000 in fees 
generated by two non-firm lawyers, one of whom remained employed as an 
Florida Assistant State Attorney while billing over $700,000 for her work on the 
Epstein matters. The Agreement implicitly limited the fees and costs being 
charged to Mr. Epstein so that they were reasonable and not unnecessarily 
duplicative given that Mr. Epstein, at the essence of these highly unorthodox 
requirements, was being obligated to pay the fees of an attorney who was his 
adversary both in settlement discussions and thereafter when he filed litigation 
against him. The Agreement further required that Mr. Epstein waive liability and 
not contest jurisdiction only-when certain well defined conditions precedent were 
fulfilled by litigating claimants, see, infra, Par 4b. Although the Agreement was 
EFTA00729142
--- PAGE 3 ---
silent on the timing of interim payments, and on what procedure would be used to 
resolve disputes as to whether certain invoiced charges were outside the 
Agreement's fee obligations, clearly Mr. Epstein was not mandated by the 
Agreement to simply write a blank check for over $2,500,000 of fees upon 
demand or be automatically in breach of the Agreement as contended by 
Plaintiffs. On numerous occasions before the filing of this litigation, Mr. Epstein 
has offered to review the invoices with the Plaintiffs on a line by line basis, offers 
that at the end were refused. Mr. Epstein has repeatedly offered to submit the 
disputed invoices to a neutral third party, and resolve the disputed fee issues 
without litigation however such offers were refused by Plaintiff. As will be 
shown, Mr. Epstein has principled disputes with the reasonableness of the fee 
request, the duplication of work by both firm and non-firm lawyers, the including 
of fees and costs attributable to contested litigation brought by three of the 
attorney representative's clients rather than to "consideration of potential 
settlements" as was contemplated by the Agreement's fee provisions, and to the 
enormous fee demands made by non-firm lawyers whose retention was 
unnecessary and unauthorized by the Agreement. Mr. Epstein did not willfully 
breach the Agreement. He paid $526,000 of the Plaintiffs interim bills while 
reserving his right to contest both the fees and costs charged. H
e 
remaimiler,He is seeking to place $2,000,000 in Trust as security against any 
potential future determination by this Court that any additional fees and costs are 
owed under the Agreement; 
EFTA00729143
--- PAGE 4 ---
3. Mr. Epstein's intent in seeking that his pending Motion be allowed is only to 
fulfill his obligations under the Non-Prosecution Agreement to pay all reasonable 
settlement-related fees according to the terms of the Agreement. As stated, Mr. 
Epstein should not be required to issue a "blank check" to pay interim legal bills 
which clearly include excessive or duplicate charges and further include 
litigation-related fees and costs that are outside the Agreement. Amongst the 
principled issues that are raised by the Complaint are as follows: 
a) $1,073,000 of the disputed amount result from charges attributed to two 
attorneys who are not members of the attorney representative's firm, one 
of whom was a sitting  Florida  state prosecutor at the time. Although Mr. 
Epstein "agreed to pay the fees of the attorney representative selected ...", 
NPA Addendum Par. 7C, he never agreed to the employment of outside 
attorneys much less agreed to the extensiveness of their involvement and 
the enormity of the fees that they have sought from Mr. Epstein These fees 
are not within Mr. Epstein's obligations under the Agreement. Over 
$700,000 of these fees (or the equivalent of over 10 years of full-time 
legal work in this non-firm attorney's ordinary job) are requested for work 
performed by an Assistant State Attorney for Dade County who was not a 
civil litigator and hads little or none specialized expertise in areas directly 
relevant to the consideration of civil settlements. These charges are not 
necessary, reasonable, nor within Mr. Epstein's NPA obligations; 
b) A review of just one page of one of the bills, e.g., p. 13 of the invoice of 
May 11, 2010, reflects that Mr. Epstein is being charged for litigation-
EFTA00729144
--- PAGE 5 ---
related fees when his NPA obligation limits him to paying settlement-
related fees only. This single exemplar reflects hourly billing for 
preparation and attendance of firm members at litigation depositions, for 
preparation and research into client Jane Doe's Response on March 18-
March 22, 2010, just days after the March 9, 2010 filing of the Complaint 
in Jane Doe 103 v Epstein 9:10cv80309-KAM (SD Fla) by the attorney 
representative. The charges are clearly litigation related and are in direct 
conflict with the Agreement's provision that Mr. Epstein's fee obligations 
to the attorney representative "cease" upon the filing of contested 
litigation.; and-cuFther-Further, -at p. 23 of the same bill, includes are 
charges for court reporter fees for depositions and filing fees for 
Complaints. Similar litigation-related  charges permeate the invoices; 
c) A review of the bills shows duplicative and excessive requested fees that 
total far more than the monetary value of all the settlements reached for 
the Plaintiffs' sixteen clients (one of whom was not even within the 
Agreement's provisions) and  including the three clients  who filed 
litigation; 
d) The magnitude of the settlement-related charges are unreasonable 
particularly given that the attorney representative fee obligations were not 
agreed to in arms-length negotiation with the Plaintiffs' own clients, but 
were instead imposed on Mr. Epstein by his Non-Prosecution Agreement. 
Given this unorthodoxy, there is even greater need that the charges to 
Epstein must be reasonable, see, e.g., Red Bull GMBH v. Spacefuel Corp 
EFTA00729145
--- PAGE 6 ---
(1:06cv20948-AJ)(SD Fla)(Court reduces rates charged to losing party in 
litigation as being unreasonable)(CITE TO OTHER-C-ASES)t 
e) Although all of the clients who selected the attorney representative have 
now settled their cases, Mr. Epstein has not received a final invoice. The 
interim bills received to date do not include any charges for the two 
outside attorneys referred to in paragraph 3a for March-May, 2010. The 
NPA obligates payment but does not require interim payments. Defendant 
Epstein has at all times informed the Plaintiffs that he reserves the right to 
submit disputed bills to a neutral third party, see, e.g., letter of Jay 
Lefkowitz to Robert Josefsberg, September 8, 2009. 
4. The claims of Plaintiff contained in his Response that defendant Epstein has 
violated the NPA are inaccurate, irrelevant and even frivolous: 
a) Plaintiff alleges that Epstein failed to formalize his plea of guilty in state 
court and "delayed that action for several months", Response, pp. 1-2. 
The reality is that during the time period addressed by Plaintiff, Mr. 
Epstein, through counsel, with the knowledge and  express consent of the 
United States Attorney Mr. Acosta and First Assistant Mr. Sloman, was 
pursuing his right to review the Agreement through meetings and filings 
with the Department of Justice in Washington M., a review process that 
did not end until June 23, 2008 just 7 days before Mr. Epstein entered his 
state plea. 
b) Paintiff further alleges that Epstein was in "clear breach of the NPA" by 
filing a Motion to Dismiss contesting the legality of a lawsuit before Judge 
EFTA00729146
--- PAGE 7 ---
Marra, Response, p. 2. The waivers of liability and right to contest 
jurisdiction were not effectuated, as claimed by Plaintiff, "so long as the 
claims were being brought pursuant to §2255", Id. Instead, the NPA 
limited the waivers to a claimant who "elects to proceed exclusively under 
U.S.C. §2255, and agrees to waive any other claim for damages, 
whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law," Agreement, Par. 8. 
The plaintiff in question said she was filing only under 18 U.S.C. §2255 
but she did not ever agree to waive or relinquish all future claims for 
damages as required as a condition precedent for any of the NPA waivers 
of liability and jurisdiction.' Nevertheless, when warned by the 
Government that there was a perceived breach of the NPA in the Motion 
to Dismiss filing, it was withdrawn on the day of the notice of breach. 
5. 
The Non-Prosecution Agreement contains highly unorthodox provisions 
including a requirement that Mr. Epstein agree to not contest liability as to a list of 
"victims" which was not to be cerated  disclosed to him until after he was already 
incarcerated his-plea-and-ineafeeratienand after  9 months after since he executed the 
Agreement. This provision led to settlements with persons who could not be verified as 
even having been at Mr. Epstein's residence or having met Mr. EpsteinIte-aever—resalled
meeting. Epstein has thus gone beyond the literal terms of the Agreement and declined to 
contest liability even as to plaintiffs who never relinquished their future right to bring 
I Additionally, in an authoritative communication by the United States Attorney, Jeffrey 
Sloman, to Epstein's counsel dated December 4, 2007, the Government agreed that it was 
the intentions of the parties that the waiver of right to contest subject matter jurisdiction 
was intended by all parties "to address issues of venue" and that "this Office will not 
interpret this paragraph as any waiver of subject matter jurisdiction" 
EFTA00729147
--- PAGE 8 ---
additional claims. But even the spirit of the Agreement does not require that he pay the 
full amount of every bill when the charges are either unreasonable or duplicative or 
outside the limiting provisions of the Agreement nor does it prohibit the presentation of 
fee disputes to the Court so long as Mr. Epstein pays what a Court determines is owed. 
6. The defendant wants only to resolve his outstanding fee dispute in conformity 
with his obligations under the NPA. He requests that the Court grant his now unopposed 
Motion to place $2,000,000 in Trust pending a final determination of whether he owes 
any amounts in addition to the $526,000 he has already paid the Plaintiffs. 
EFTA00729148

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729149.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729149.pdf
----------------------------------------
Vehicle Registrations Search 
Page 1 of 2 
24/7 Search and Technical Assistance 1.866.277.8407 
Mato Menu I Niv Account I al den I Contact Us l Log Cart 
Last Name 
Name 
Street Address 
I 
VIN 
Tag Number 
License Number (Fledd. Only) 
sI 
rh/kthile Name 
Company Name 
(Sty 
Stahl 
Zip;;5r811
i
Phonetic Search: r 
Output Type: 
6) Formatted HTML 
C) Cut and Paste / Printer Friendly Text (No Reports) 
Important: The Pubic Records arid commercially available data sources used In this system have errors. Data is sometimes 
entered poorly. processed Incorrectly and a generally not free from defect. flue system mom not be relied upon as definitively 
accurate. Before relying on any data this system supplies. a should be anoeper4oney warted. For Secretary of Slate documents. the 
'Wowing data is for inforrnaTon purposes only and is not an official record. Certaled copes may be obtained from that individual 
states Department of State. 
Apemen does not constitute a 'consumer report as that term Is defined in the federal Fair Credit Reporting Ad. 15 USC 1681 et seq. 
(FCRA). Accordingfy, Accurim may not be used is whites or m part as a factor in determining ofigibility for credit, insurance. 
employment or another parraseible purpose under the FC RA 
Note: Nol all of 1". inionnalon contained in these search results is derived horn governmental agencies. Some mformation may 
have been enhanced by addional sources. 
Search completed 
SEARCH: Stale FL Tag Number: 
ul
ffIi Export to Extol 
All 
oa  Description- 2004 Chrysler Sebring Convertible
. 
Stale of Origin: FLORIDA 
Registrant(s): 
.1 
_ 
wr Name: RANDAL LEE HOGUE 
Potential 
Address-
Descripacts 2004 Christer Sebring • Convertible 
Slate of Origin: FLORIDA 
RegistranEs): 
iMIE Name: RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
Posintial SSN 0 : 266-28-xxxx 
Adrkess: 
Descriptor 2006 Chrysler 300 Sedan 4 Door 
•stee State of Onto FLORIDA 
Registrant(s): 
Name RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
Iron I eqnnd 
Vehicle Information 
Reference Code: 
iEpstein 
Records: 1 to 3 of 3 
VIN: 
figjj Search I New Search 
Click lconn Unto,. to Run 
- 
a Report 
Tag Number ETEJ 
Issue State: FLORIDA 
Emboss Registration Date. 10/27/2009 
Latest Registration Dale: 10/27/2009 
Record Type: CURRE 
Previous Tag Number:
Previous Issue Stale: FLORIDA 
Vitt: 
Tag NumberFigil 
Issue State: 
Earliest Registration Dale 8/23/2009 
Latest Remo:al:on Date: 8/23/20(79 
Record Type: HISTORICAL 
Previous Tag Number: DV49944 
Previous Issue State: FLORIDA 
YIN. 
3146 
Tag Norther 
t 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729149
--- PAGE 2 ---
Vehicle Registrations Search 
Page 2 of 2 
€
Potential UN 0: 266-26-xxxx 
Address: 
SEARCH: State: FL Tag Number 
Your DPPA Permissible Use: Use ti the Normal Course of Business 
Your GLIM Permissible Use: Poisons Hoktog a Legal or Beneficial Interest Relating to the Consumer 
Issue State: FLORIDA 
Earliest RegiSalilion Date: 9/242009 
Latest Registration Date: 9124/2009 
Record Type: CURRENT 
Previous Tag Number: 
Previous Issue State SA 
Edit linalt I Uri scant. 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729150
--- PAGE 3 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 1 of 51 
Important: The Pubic Records and commercially amiable data sources used on reports have snots. Data Is sometimes entered pooh, 
processed incorrectly ands generally not free from defect. This system should not be relied upon as definitively accurate. Before relying on 
any data this system supplies, II should be independently verified. For Secretary of State documents, the following data is for information 
purposes only and Is not an official record. Certified copies may De obtained from that individual state's Department of State. 
Acturint does not constitute a "consumer report as that term Is defined in the federal Fair Credit Re:wiring Act, 15 USC 1081 et seq. (FCRA). 
Accordingly, Acauini may not be used in whoa, or it part as a factor in determining eligibility for credit, insurance. employment or another 
permissible purpose under the FCRA. 
Your DPPA Permissible Use: Use In the Normal Course of Business 
Your GLBA Permissible Use: Use by Persons Holding a Legal or Beneficial Interest Reiasng to the Consumer 
Comprehensive Report 
Comprehensive Report 
Date: 03/18/10 
Reference Code: Epstein 
Report processed by: 
Burman, Coition, LOW & Coleman 
515 North %glee Drive 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-4349 
Phone 
Subject Information 
(Beat Information for Subject) 
Name: RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
Date of Birth: Thor/1956 
Age: 54
SSN: 266-25inocx issued In Florida 
between 11111970 and 1213111970 
View All SSN Sources 
Others Associated with SSN: 
(DOES NOT usually nclicate any type of 
fraud or deception) 
SOLEDA FANDREY 
Age: 
Address Summary 
AKAs 
(Names Associated with Subject) 
RICHARD D FANDREY 
DOB: Tho/1955 Age: 54 SSN: 266-25-xxxx 
RICHARD FANDREY 
DOG: Thry/1955 Age: 54 SSW: 285-25-xxxx 
RICHARD FANDRY 
DOB: Wxyll1165 Age: 54 SSN: 266.2Sxxxx 
RICHARD D FAJDREY 
DOB: Thast1956 Age: 64 SSN. 256.26-xxxx 
RICHARD D FANDREY 
DOB: Thrz/1966 Age: 64 SSN: 287-89-ionx 
RICHARD CRANBR FANDREY 
DOB: 7411955 Age: 64 SSN: 2038-25-nza 
RICHARD 
FANDREY 
DOB: Thad1955 Age: 64 SSN: 268•26-aoacc 
RICHARD D FANDREY 
DOB: 7/n/1955 Age: 54 SSN: 022-82uoto 
RICHARD FANDER 
DOW Thor/1955 Age: 54 SSN: 2643-25-noot 
RICHARD 8 FANDREY 
DOW Thcd1955 Age: 54 SSN: 265-25-toot 
RICHARD ETUX FANDREY 
DOB: Thad1955 Age: 54 SSN: 288-25-xos 
Report Legend: 
$ 
Shared Address 
- Deceased 
• Probable Current Address 
Indicators 
Bankruptcy No 
Property. Yes 
Corporate Affilistnns: No 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729151
--- PAGE 4 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 2 of 51 
Pismo 
address: 
GARCIA JAVIER 
GARCIA JAVIER 
Others Associated With Subjects SSN: 
(DOES NOT usualy indicate any type of fraud or deception) 
SOLEDA FANDREY Age. 
266-25-xxxt issued in Florida between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1970 
Comprehensive Report Summary: (Clic* CO Li* to see detail) 
Liens and Judgments 
None Found 
Drivers License: 
Found 
Address(es) Found: 
Verified end 25 Non-Verified Found 
Possible Properties Owned: 
Found 
Motor Vehicles Registered: 
Found 
Possible Crimmai Records: 
None Found 
Sexual Offenses 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729152
--- PAGE 5 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 3 of 51 
None Found 
Florida Accadents: 
Found 
Professional Licenses. 
None Found 
Voter Registration. 
I Found 
Concealed Weapons Permit: 
None Found 
Possible Associates: 
Found 
Possible Relatives: 
tat Degree • 6 Found 
2nd Degree - 11 Found 
3rd Degree • 36 Found 
Liens and Judgments: 
:None Found! 
Driver's License information: 
Name RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
DL Number roccmcoraccgoor-x 
State: Florida 
License Address: 
DOB: 07/xx/1955 
Potential SSN 0 : 268-25-axx 
Gender. Ma 
Ethnicly: 
Attenbon Flags: ORGAN DONOR 
Expiation Date: 07128/2016 
Issue Dale: 07/29/2008 
License Type: Renewal 
License Class: Non-Commercial - Regular Operator License 
Height 5'09 
Data Source: Governmental 
Restrictions Corrective Lenses 
Name- RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
DL Number woor-xxx-towocc-x 
State: Florida 
License Address: 
DOB: 07hor./1955 
Potential SSN 
: 266-25-xiotx 
Gender Mate 
Attention Flags: ORGAN DONOR 
Expiation Date: 07/28/2009 
issue Date 07101/2003 
License Type: Renewal 
License Class: Non•Commercial - Regular Operator License 
Height 589 
Data Source: Governmental 
Name' RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
DL Number xxxx•xxicox-xXX4 
State: Florida 
DOB: 07/xx/1966
Potential SSN 0 : 288-26owoc 
Gender: Male 
Attention Flags: ORGAN DONOR 
Expiration Date: 06/15/2002 
Issue Date: 07/10/1997 
License Class: Non-Commercial • Regular Operator License 
Data Source: Governmental 
Name: RICHARD 0 FANDREY 
DL Number: xxxx-xxx-xx-xxx-x 
Address. 
Florida 
License Ad
DOB: 07/xx/1956 
Potential SSN 0: 266-25ocax 
Data Source. Non-Governmental 
Address Summary: View Ati Address Vanation Sources 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729153
--- PAGE 6 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 4 of 51 
Previous And Non-Verified Address(es): View AP Address Variably) Sources 
2005 - Feb 2010) 
Name Associated with Address: 
(Apr 2004 - Feb 2010) 
Name Associated with Address: 
RICHARD 0 FANDREY 
Current Residents at Address: 
C080 MONICA 
FREDDY VILLAVICENCIO 
MARIA COBO 
ihrialEY 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 
-0480 
BOOk • 27484 
Page • 882 
Name Owner : CO 
Property Aoch 
Owner Address 
Land Usage - 
Total Market Value • 9180.530 
Assessed Value - 8133,440 
Land Value - 553,980 
Improvement Value - 1126.570 
Land Size - 4,905 Square Feet 
Name of Seller: CAVALLO LEON M 
Loan Amount • 190,000 
Loan Type • CONVENTIONAL 
Lender Name - GREENPOINT MTG CORP 
RICHARD D FANDREY 
Current Residents at Address: 
RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
GUSTAVO FERNANDEZ 
JEANETTE ANN PADILLA 
DELFIN PADRON 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number -
Name Owner FED 
Property Add 
• 
Owner Address 
Name of Seller : 
Name of Seller 2: AMERICAS iritiOLESALE LENDER. 
(Sep 2007 • Feb 2010) 
11500 
ed with Address: 
RICHARD 0 FANDREY 
Current Residents at Address: 
COBO MONICA 
FREDDY VILIAVICENCIO 
MARIA COBO 
(Apr 2005 • Aug 2007) 
ame 
sac 
s: 
RICHARD D FANDREY 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729154
--- PAGE 7 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 5 of 51 
Parcel Number - 11.3206.013.5420 
Book - 12960 
Page - 2727 
Name Owner: DOUKAS HARRY J 
Name Owner 2 00 
Property Addr 
• 
Owner Address: 
Land Usage • SF 
Total Market Value • $523,940 
Assessed Value • $129.896 
Land Value • $278,798 
Improvement Value - $245,142 
Land Size • 8.626 Square Feel 
Year Bur • 1939 
Name of Seller MARAFIOTI RONALD J 
(Oct 2006 • Feb 2006) 
ame Associated with 
ress: 
RICHARD D FANDREY 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 
Name Owner : FA 
Property Addres 
• 
Owner Address.
Name of Seller.
(Feb 1994 - Jan 2004) 
Name Associated with 
ress: 
RICHARD D FANDREY 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 6040-06-02-3990 
Book • 28418 
Page - 843 
Name Owner : SNYDER ROBERT M 
Name Owner 2 SN 
Property Addres • - 
Owner Address: 
Land Usage • 
Total Market Value - $209.130 
Assessed Value - $209,130 
Land Value - $89,520 
Improvement Value - $119.610 
Land Size • 12,347 Square Feet 
Year Built • 1994 
Name of Seller FANDREY RICHARD 0 
Loan Amount • 5205,600 
Loan Type - CONVENTIONAL 
Lender Name - FIRST MTG NETWORK INC 
Data Source • A 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 
Name Owner. SNY 
Properly Add 
Owner Address: 
• 
Name of Seiler: 
Data Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 
Nana Owner: BALL, STEPHEN 
Name Owner 2: BA 
Owner Address: 
Property Addres • - 
Name of Seller : S 
Name of Seller 2: STRASSER. PATRICIA 
(Oct 2002 • Dec 20 3) 
me Associated with 
ress: 
RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 01.3230.42.0870 
Book • 23244 
Page - 915 
Name Owner NEOREIPA SERGIO 
Name Owner 2: NE 
Property Addres • 
Owner Address: 
Land Usage • C 
Total Market Value • 5194.680 
Assessed Value - $194,660 
Year Built • 1964 
Name of Seller: FANDREY RICHARD D 
Loan Amount • 5157.600 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729155
--- PAGE 8 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 6 of 51 
Loan Type - CONVENTIONAL 
Lender Name - COUNTRYWIDE NM LNS INC 
Data Source • A 
Property: 
Parcel Number -
Name Owner : NEGREIRA. SERGIO 
Name Owner 2. NE 
Property Mir 
• - 
Owner Address: 
Name of Seller: ANDREY. R 
ARD D 
Data Source • B 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 
Name Owner: FAN 
Properly Address. • 
Named Seller : NE 
Data Source • A 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 01-3230.042.0870 
Book • 23244 
Page - 915 
Name Owner . SER 
Property Addr 
• - 
Owner Address: 
Land Usage - C 
Total Market Value - 5194.660 
Assessed Value -$194,660 
Year Bur -1961 
(Jan 1983 • Nov 2003) 
Name Associated with Address: 
RICHARD D FANDREY 
Property Ownership information for this Address 
Properly: 
Parcel Number • 
Name Owner : EP 
Property Add 
• 
Owner Address 
(Aug 2003) 
e 
soc 0 W 
ress: 
Name Associated wit Address: 
RICHARD D FANDREY 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 01-3230-042-0450 
Book • 22718 
Page • 4579 
Name Owner 
Property Add 
• - 
Owner Address: 
Lana Usage 
Total Market Value 5173.680 
Assessed Value - $152,019 
Year Buie -1964 
Name of Seller: BROWN OPHELIA E 
Loan Amount - 8138.400 
Loan Type - CONVENTIONAL 
Lender Name - AEGIS WHOLESALE CORP 
(Mar 2002 .h.g. 2003) 
(Jul 1098 - Apr 2003) 
(Dec 2000 • Mar 2003) 
ame 
soc to w 
ress: 
RICHARD D FANDREY 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 49•39-36-04-0232 
Book - 30416 
Page -128 
Name OwnerBEA 
Property Addres
Owner Address. 
Land Usage - SI 
Total Market Value - 5277.840 
Assessed Value - 3118.620 
Land Yak* -1196.0W 
Improvement Value - 5181.760 
Land Size-15705F 
Year Bulk • 1997 
(Jul 2002 Aug 2002) 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729156
--- PAGE 9 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 7 of 51 
Name Associated with Address: 
RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 15-4012.021.1820 
Book • 17149 
Page - 1603 
Name Owner : ORU 
Property Addr
Owner Address: 
Land Usage • SF 
Total Market Value - $332,824 
Assessed Value - $33Z824 
Land Value - $178,847 
Improvement Value - $153.977 
Land Size - 7,100 Square Feel 
Year Built • 1947 
Name of Seller : LEFtETTE EARL J 
Loan Amount - $108,000 
Loan Type - CONVENTIONAL 
Lender Name - INTERNATIONAL BR/MIAMI 
(Nov 2000 - Mar 2002) 
MO Associated with Address: 
RICHARD D FANDREY 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 494946-04-0195 
Book - 32961 
Page - 987 
Name Owner: Mlle 
Property Addr 
• - 
Owner Address 
Land Usage • 
Total Market Value - $159,550 
Assessed Value - $143,600 
Land Value • $28.260 
Improvement Value - $131,290 
land Size - 1,570 Square Feel 
Name of Seller: FANDREY RICHARD D 
Loan Amount - $112.000 
Loan Type • CONVENTIONAL 
Lender Name - CHASE MANHATTAN NITEI 
Data Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 4939.36-04.0195 
Book • 32961 
Page • 987 
Name Owner : MI 
Property Addr 
• - 
Owner Address-
Land Usage • SIN 
F•AMILY RESID 
IAL 
Total Market Vail). • $216,290 
Assessed Value - $143,620 
Land Value - $67,900 
Improvement Value • $16&390 
Land Size - 1570 SF 
Year Bulk - 1997 
(Jun 1999 Jul 2000) 
me 
s 
ens: 
RICHARD 0 FANDREY 
Current phones hated at this address: 
951.392-3737 GARCIA JAVIER 
954.4383602 GARCIA JAVIER 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 5140-2045-2210 
Book - 31095 
Page - 567 
Name Owner GA 
Property Addres - 
Owner Address: 
Lend Usage • SF 
Total Market Value • 3201,190 
Assessed Value • $154,650 
Land Value • $59,950 
Improvement Value • $141,240 
Land Size • 8,564 Square Feet 
Name of Seller : FANDREY RICHARD D 
Loan Amount • $32,800 
Loan Type • CONVENTIONAL 
Lender Name • MORTGAGE PORTFOLIO SVCS INC 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729157
--- PAGE 10 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 8 of 51 
Data Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Number -
Name Owner : 
Property Addr 
Owner Address:
Name of Seller : 
Date Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 61.40-20-05.221 
Book • 31095 
Page - 587 
Name Owner GA 
Properly Addr 
- 
Owner Address 
Land Usage - Sr 
Total Market Value - $298.000 
Assessed Value • 5160,000 
Land Value • $95,060 
Improvement Value • 3202,940 
Land Size • 8564 SF 
Year Built - 1996 
(Mar 2000) 
Name Ass 
w 
ress: 
RICHARD FANDER 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 
Owner Address: 
Name of Seller 
Name Owner : FAN 
Property Addr 
- 
Data Source A 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 51.41.06.12.0200 
Book • 45078 
Page - 160 
Name Owner . GARCIA KATIRIA 
Nome Owner 2. RO 
Property Add 
• - 
Owner Address: 
Land Usage - S 
Total Markel Value • $256,030 
Assessed Value -15266,030 
Land Value - $94,700 
Improvement Value • $161,330 
Land Size - 5,968 Square FMK 
Name of Seller FAN0REY TONI 
Loan Amount • 5317,000 
Loan Type • CONVENTIONAL 
Lender Name - COLDWELL BANKER PIM LNS 
(Jun 1999) 
(Jam 1998) 
rano *sot to w 
nese: 
D FANDREY 
El 
(Aug 1993 • Feb 1094) 
soot e with 
esis:
RICHARD ETUX FANDREY 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 5041-274 3-0130 
Book - 21798 
Page • 259 
Name Owner : VON MINDEN RICHARD S 
Name Owner 2- VO 
Property Addres
Owner Address.
Land Usage - SF 
Iota; MaMet Value • 5128.140 
Assessed Value • $122,260 
Land Value 354,880 
Improvement Value - 573,260 
Year Bust • 1978 
Name of Seller : FANDREY RICHARD ETUX 
Data Source • A 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 
PNrope
amerw
Chnl
ActIr 
Address:
MIN 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729158
--- PAGE 11 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 9 of 51 
Owner Address: .....~~~1 
Name of Seller: 
Data Source • A 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 50-41.27.13-0130 
Boot • 32517 
Page - 406 
Nwne Owner : MIL 
Property Add 
Owner Address: 
• - 
Land Usage • 
Total Market Value - 3218,630 
Assessed Value • 8187,730 
Land Value • $71,320 
Improvement Value - 3147,310 
Land Size • 11,067 Square Feet 
Name of Seller VONMINDEN RICHARD S 
Loan Amount - $188,550 
Loan Type -CONVENTIONAL 
Lender Name FLAGSHIP F MI. SVCS 
(Feb 1984 • Oct 1991) 
Name 
ociated with Address: 
(Dec 1986) 
Namo Associated with 
rest; 
RICHARD D FANDREY 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 06-2229-028-0200 
Book • 17887 
Page - 2688 
Name Owner : JEA • 
Property Addr 
- 
Owner Address 
Land Usage - S 
Total Market Value - 5207.981 
Assessed Value • $79,046 
Land Value - 5123,624 
Improvement Value • $84,357 
Land Size - 10,350 Square Feel 
Year Built • 1947 
Name of Seller : VOLPE LAURIE A 
Loan Amount - 572.800 
Loan Type • CONVENTIONAL 
Lender Name - NORTH AMERICAN Mt CO 
Name Associated with Address: 
(Feb 1986 -Av 1986) 
(Feb 1986) 
Name Associated with Address: 
D FANDREY 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number -
Name Owner : P 
Properly AddressiMMOMINSI~~~~ 
Name of Seller: DE 
Data Source . A 
Possible Properties Owned by Subject: 
Property: 
Parcel Hunter • 51-40.20.05.2210 
Book• 31095 
Page • 567 
Nalfil Owner : 
Property Addres w -
Owner Address: 
Land Usage - S 
Total Market Value • 3201,190 
Assessed Value - 3154,650 
Land Value - 359,950 
Improvement Value • 5141,240 
Land Size • 8,564 Square Feet 
Name of Seller FANDREY RICHARD 
Loan Amount $32,800 
Loan Type CONVENTIONAL 
hrips://secure.accurint.com/app/bps/report 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729159
--- PAGE 12 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 10 of 51 
Lender Name • MORTGAGE PORTFOLIO SVCS INC 
Data Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 494948-04-0195 
Book • 32951 
Page - 987 
Name Omer: MI 
Property Adores 
Owner Address: 
Land Usage - S 
Total Market Value - $159,550 
Assessed Value • $143460 
Land Value - $28.280 
Improvement Value - $131,290 
Land Size • 1.570 Square Feet 
Name of Seller FANDREY RICHARD D 
Loan Amount - $112,000 
Loan Type • CONVENTIONAL 
Lender: Name • CHASE MANHATTAN MTG 
Data Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 01.3230.042.0870 
Book - 23244 
Page - 915 
Name Owner : NEGREIRA SERGIO 
Name Owner 2: NE 
Property Addre 
• 
Ormer Address: 
Land Usage • C 
Total Market Value - $194,660 
Assessed Value • 1194.660 
Year Built - 1964 
Name of Soler : FANDREY RICHARD D 
Loan Amount • $157,800 
Loan Type • CONVENTIONAL 
Lender Name - COUNTRYWIDE HM L NS INC 
Data Source- A 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 28.43J5.10-29.016-1100 
Book - 19407 
Page • 268 
Name Owner : F 
Property Aodres 
Ovmer Address: 
Land Usage - C NDOMINI 
Total Market Value - $206,654 
Assessed Value - $208.854 
Improvement Value • $200,854 
Land Size • 43.560 Square Feet 
Year Built -1998 
Loan Amount - $257,100 
Loan Type - CONVENTIONAL 
Lander Name • AMERICAN 14T0 NTWK/FL 
Data Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 26434510290181100 
Book - 19407 
Page - 256 
Name Owner : F 
Property Addres • 
Owner Address: 
Sale Date • 08/ 
Salo Price • $237,900 
Name of Seder: YACHT CLUB TARRAGON LLC 
Loan Amount • $257,100 
Loan Type • CONVENTIONAL 
Data Source - A 
Properly: 
Parcel Number • 014230-0424870 
Book - 23244 
Page • 915 
Name Owner : NEGREIR/k, SERGIO 
Name Owner 2: NE 
Property Addres • 
Owner Address: 
Saki Ake • II9 , 
Name of Seller FANDREY, RICHARD D 
Loan Amount - $157,800 
Loan Type • NEW CONVENTIONAL 
Data Soon:* • 13 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729160
--- PAGE 13 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 11 of 51 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 01.3230-042-0870 
Book - 22833 
Page -1088 
Name Owner : FAN 
Property Address: • 
Name of Saar :NE
L 
Data Source • A 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 01-3230-042-0870 
Book • 20773 
Page - 4883 
Name Owner FAN 
Property Ades - 
Owner Address: 
Land Usage - C 
Total Market Value - $1 18,320 
Assessed Value - $100:473 
Year Buit - 1984 
Name or Soler : CABREJA EUGENIO 
Loan Amount - 8106,000 
Loan Typo - CONVENTIONAL 
Lender Name - CHASE MANHATTAN IATO 
Data Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 493936040195 
Book • 32951 
Page • 987 
Name Owner: MI 
Properly Addree - 
Owner Address: 
Sale Date - 03/13/2002 
Sale Price • $142,500 
Name of Serer : FANDREY RICHARD 
Loan Amount - 5112.000 
Loan Type- CONVENTIONAL 
Data Source • A 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 49.3936-04-0195 
Book 31178 
Page 1948 
Name Owner: FAN 
Property Addles • • 
Owner Address: 
Sale Date • 12/2 
Sale Price - 5118000 
Name of Seim : BROWN RENEE D 
Loan Amount • $88,500 
Loan Type- CONVENTIONAL 
Data Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 51-40-20-05-2210 
Book • 31095 
Page - 587 
Name Owner: 
Property Addeo. ' • 
Owner Address: 
Sale Date • 11/21 
Sale Price - $16&000 
Name of Seller : FANDREY RICHARD D 
Loan Amour*. $32.800 
Loan Type - CONVENTIONAL 
Data Source • A 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 
Book - 30965 
Page - 119 
Name Owner: F 
Owner Address: 
Sale Date • 03/31/20
Sale Price - $100 
Name of Suer: FANDREY TONI M 
Data Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 50-41-27-13-0130 
Book - 21796 
Page - 259 
Name Owner : VON MINDEN RICHARD S 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729161
--- PAGE 14 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 12 of 51 
Name Owner 2: VO 
Property Addte3 - 
Owner Address: 
Land Usage - S 
Total Market Value- $128,140 
Assessed Verve • $122,250 
Land Value - $54,860 
Improvement Value • $73,280 
Year Built • 1978 
Name of Saner FANDREY RICHARD ETUX 
Data Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 51-40-20-05-2210 
Book • 29640 
Page - 105 
Name Owner: FA 
Property Addres 
Owner Address: 
Sale Date • 06/2 1999 
Sale Price • $141,000 
Name of Seer: MARRERO ROBERTO 8 LISETTE 
Loan Amount - $112,800 
Loan Type -CONVENTIONAL 
Data Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 51.41.08.12-0200 
Book • 30322 
Page - 1287 
Name Owner . FAN 
Property Addres -
Owner Address: 
Sale Date - 01/14 1 
Sale Price - $100 
Name of Setter : FANDER RICHARD 
Data Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 50.40.06.02-3990 
Book - 28418 
Page 843 
Name Owner : SNYDER ROBERT LI 
Name Owner 2: S 
Property Ado 
- 
Owner Address: 
Land Usage - S 
Total Market Value - $209,130 
Assessed Value • $209.130 
Land Value - $89,520 
Improvement Value • $119,810 
Land Size - 12,347 Square Feet 
Year Built - 1994 
Name of Seller : FANDREY RICHARD D 
Loan Amount - $205,600 
Loan Type • CONVENTIONAL 
Lender Name - FIRST MTG NETWORK INC 
Data Source - A 
Properly: 
Parcel Number - 51-40-20-05-2210 
Book • 29840 
Page -105 
Name Owner: FANDREY RICHARD D 
Name Owner 2: F 
Property Addres • 
Owner Address: 
Land Usage • S 
Total Market Value • $119,800 
Assessed Value - $110130 
Land Value - 536.400 
Improvement Value - $83,400 
Land Size - 6.564 Square Feet 
Year Built • 1996 
Name of Setae : MARRERO ROBERTO & LISETTE 
Loan ArnouM • $112,800 
Data Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Hun ber - 504006023990 
Book - 28418 
Page - 843 
Name Owner : SNY 
Property Addres • -
Owner Address: 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729162
--- PAGE 15 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 13 of 51 
Sale Date • 06/15/1998 
Sale Price • $257,000 
Name of Sac : FANDREY RICHARD D 
Loan Amount - 9205,600 
Loan Type -CONVENTIONAL 
Data Source - A 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 504006023990 
Book - 27432 
Page • 441 
Name Owner : FAN 
Property Addres 
Owner Address: 
Sale Date • 11/03/1997 
Sale Price - 3100 
Name of Seller FANDREY RICHARD D 
Data Source • A 
Property: 
Parcel Number • 504127130130 
Book - 217g6 
Page - 259 
Name Owner MIN 
Property Addre 
• - 
Owner Address: 
Sale Dale - 02/1 
Sale Price 1134000 
Name of Seger : FANDREY RICHARD 
Data Source - A 
Motor Vehicles Registered To Subject: 
Vehicle: 
Des
' 
• 
Lincoln Navrgator - 4 Dr Wagon Sport Gully 
VIN 
372 
State 
rem: 
iDA 
Engine: 8 Cy:Under 329 Cubic inch — Gas Powered 
Anti Lock Brakes: 4 wheel standard 
Air Conditioning: Standard 
Daytime Running Lights: Not available 
Power Steering: Standard 
Power Brakes: Standard 
Power Wandss: Standard 
Security System: immobilizer and Keyl 
Roof. None / not available 
Radio: AM/FIA CDAMP3 
Front Wheel Drive, No 
Four %heel Drive. No 
Tilt Wheel: Standard 
Rogairant(s) 
Record Type: CURRENT 
Name: MONICA C080 FANDREY 
Potential 
Address: 
DOB: 
Sex: Female 
Age: 50 
Tag Number 
Earliest Reenlist= Da*. 2/1712009 
Latest Registration Date: 2/2/2010 
Expiration Date: 302011 
License Plate Type: Private 
Record Type: CURRENT 
Name: RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
Potentai
Address 
DOB: 710/19 
Sex: Male 
Age: 64
Tag Number 
Earliest Registrall. ale 8/22/2007 
Latest Registration Dave. 2/2/2010 
Explrabon Date: 315/2011 
License Plate Type' Private 
Vehicle: 
Des 
• 
• Sedan 4 Door 
VIN: 
State 
new: L 
3/18t2010 
EFTA00729163
--- PAGE 16 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 14 of 51 
Engine: 6 Cylinder 214 Cubic Inch Gas Powered 
And Lock Brakes: 4 wheel standard 
Al Conditioning: Standard 
Daytime Running Lights. Optional 
Power Steering: Standard 
Power Brakes: Standard 
Power Windows: Standard 
Security System: Passive Sentry Key 
Roof: None I not available 
Radio: AM/FM CD 
Front Wheel Drive: No 
Four Wheel Drive: No 
Tit I/Meet Standard 
Registrant(s) 
Record Type: CURRENT 
Name: RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
Potential 
- 
Address: 
DOB: 7 
55 
Sex: Male 
Age: 54 
Tag Number: 
Earliest Regraggate: 9/24/2009 
Label Registration Date: 9/24/2009 
Exprrathen Date. 7/25/2010 
Limnse Plate Type: Private 
Vehicle: 
Des 
• 
• 
- Sedan 4 Door 
VIN: 
Stale 
grin: L 
I 
Engine: 6 Cyinder 214 Cubic Inch - Gas Powered 
Anti Lock Brakes 
wheel standard 
As Conditioning: Standard 
Daytime Running Lights Opliorial 
Power Steering: Standard 
Power Brakes: Standard 
Power Yrindows: Standard 
Security System: Passive Sentry Key 
Roof: None / not available 
Radio: AM/FM CD 
Front Meet Drive: No 
Four Wheel Drive: No 
Tit Wheel Standard 
Cwnerfs) 
Name: RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
Potential 
Address: 
DOB: Tisk/195S 
Sex: Male 
Age: 64 
The Number 0095499028 
The Issue Date:10,1/2009 
Lien Hoider(s) 
Record Type CURRENT 
Cora pan
igNi BUSINESS SVCS. 
Address 
KENNESAW GA 30160451E COBB COUNTY 
Vehicle: 
De 
" 
• 
ebring • Convertible 
State 
on: 
Engine Cr Cylinder 167 Cubic Inch Gas Powered 
MU Lock Brakes: 4 wheel standard 
Al Conditioning: Standard 
Daytime Running Lights: Not available 
Power Steering: Standard 
Power Brakes: Standard 
Power Windows: Standard 
Security System: Pass key 
Roof None/ not available 
Radio: AM/FM Gassed* 
Front Whet Drive: Yes 
Four Wheel Drive. No 
Tat Wheel: Standard 
Registreaffs) 
Record Type: HISTORICAL 
Name: RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729164
--- PAGE 17 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 15 of 51 
Potential 
Address: 
DOB: 7/ra/1955 
Sex: Male 
Ape: 54 
Tag Number: 
Earliest Rapist('
 8/23/2009 
Latest Registration Date: W23/2009 
Expiration Dale: 7/28/2010 
License Plate Type: Private 
Vehicle: 
Dad
• 
mp - Corning:le 
VIN: 
State 
ngin: 
Engine: 6 Cylnder 167 Cubic inch Gas Powered 
Anti Lock Brakes: 4 wheel standard 
Ak Conditioning: Standard 
Daytime Running Light Not available 
Power Steering. Standard 
Power Brakes. Standard 
Power Windows: Standard 
Security System: Pass key 
Roof: None (not available 
Radio: AM/FM Cassette 
Front Wheel Drive: Yes 
Four Nivel Drive: No 
TO Meet: Standard 
Ownerfel 
Name: RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
Potential 
• 
Aralress• 
DOB: 7 
Sex: Male 
Age. 64 
Tile Number 0090805152 
Title Issue Date: 8/23/2009 
lien Hokfet(s) 
Record Type: HISTORICAL 
Company 
BUSINESS SVCS. 
Address. 
KENNESAW GA 30180-9511, COBB COUNTY 
Vehicle: 
Des 
• 
Taurus • Sedan 4 Door 
VIN: 
State Ol Origin: FLORIDA 
Engine- 6 Cylinder 182 Cubic Inch — Gas Powered 
Anti Lock Brakes: 4 wheel standard 
As Conditioning: Standard 
Daytime Running Lights: Optional 
Power Steering: Standard 
Power Brakes: Standard 
Power Windows: Standard 
Security System: Pass key 
Root. None / not available 
Radio: AM/FM CD 
Front WNW Dave' Yes 
Four Wheel Drive: No 
TO lAihael. Standard 
Reg/slangs) 
Record Type: HISTORICAL 
Name: RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
Potential 
• 
Address: 
DOB: Mane 
Sex: Male 
Age: EA 
Tag Number. 
Earliest Reel, 
ale: 6/7/2008 
Latest Registration Date: 6/7/2000 
Expiration Date. 7/28/2007 
License Plate Type: Private 
Vehicle: 
Des 
Mums - Sedan 4 Door 
VIN: 
State Of Origin: FLO IDA 
Engine: 0 Cylinder 182 Cubic Inch — Gas Powered 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729165
--- PAGE 18 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 16 of 51 
Mb Lock Brakes: 4 wheel standard 
fra Conditioning: Standard 
Daytime Running Lights: Optional 
Power Steering: Standard 
Power Brakes: Standard 
Power Windows: Standard 
Security System: Pass key 
Roof: None / not avail** 
Radio: AM/FM CD 
Front *wet Drive: Yes 
Four lAteel Drive: No 
Tat Wheel: Standard 
Ovinerfs) 
Name: RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
Potential
Address: 
DOB: 7 
1955 
Sex: Me* 
Ade 54
Tale Number: 0086033581 
Title Issue Date: 7/26/2007 
Lien Holder(s) 
None 
Vehicle: 
ry 
Cougar V8 - Hatchback 2 Door 
VIN: 
Vehicle se: 
IVA 
State Of Origin: FLORIDA 
Engine. 8 Cylinder 155 Cubic Inch 
Gas Powered 
Restraints: Dual front * bags/active bens 
MO Lock Brakes: ABS optional, wheels unknown 
Air Condltiorkg: Standard 
Daytime Running Lights Not avaitable 
Power Steering: Standard 
Power Brakes: Standard 
Power Windows: Standard 
Secunly System: Pass key 
Roof: None / not available 
Price: 18095 
Radio: AM/FM Cassette 
Front Mee( Drive: No 
Four Yentel Drive No 
Tel %Nivel: Standard 
Owner(s) 
Name: NICHOLAS RICHARD FANDREY 
SSN: 594-60-xnut 
Potential 
Address: 
DOB: 6bx./1981 
Sex: Male 
Age: 28 
DL a: =annum 
Title Number: 0079817871 
Tide Status: Transfer 
Tale Issue Date: 6112/2003 
Odometer Went 34098 
Name: RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
SSN: 286-26orxxx 
Potential
Address: 
DOS: 7 
Sex: Male 
Age: 54 
DI. I: xxxxxxxxxxxxr 
The Number 0073617871 
Tide Status: Transfer 
The Issue Date: 5/12/2003 
Odometer Mileage: 34014 
Registrant(s) 
Record Type: HISTORICAL 
Name: NICHOLAS RICHARD FANDREY 
SSN: 594-80-xxxx 
Potential 
Address: 
DOB: 6hot 7 
Sex' Male 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729166
--- PAGE 19 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 17 of 51 
Ago: 28 
DL 
xxxxxx 
Tag Number. 
Earliest Region n ate. 6/5/2003 
Latest Registration Date: 615/2003 
Expiration Date: 7/28/2004 
Decal Date: 2004 
License Plate Type: Sunshine License Plates (Sunshine State) 
Record Type: HISTORICAL 
Name: RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
SSN: 284-25-xxxx 
Potential
Address: 
DOB: 7 
Sex: Male 
Age: 54 
DL 
Tag Number 
Earliest Registral on ate: 8/52003 
Latest Registration Dale: 6/5/2003 
Expiration Dale: 7/28)2004 
Decal Date: 2004 
License Plate Type: Sunshine License Plates (Sunshine Stale) 
Lien HOMO) 
Record Type: HISTORICAL 
Company Name: CARMAX AUTO FINANCE 
Lien Dale: 815/2003 
Vehicle: 
Des •
• 
Explorer - 4 Dr Wagon Sport Utility 
VIN: 
State Or rigin: FL 
Engine: 8 Cylinder 302 Cubic Inch — Gas Powered 
Mtl Lock Brakes 4 wheel standard 
Air Conditioning: Standard 
Daytime Running Lights Not available 
Power Steering- Standard 
Power Brakes: Standard 
Power Windows: Optional 
Security System: Pass key 
Roof: None I not available 
Radio. AM/FM Cassette 
Front Wheel Drive. No 
Four Mee: Drive: No 
Tilt Wheel: Optional 
Regisranks) 
Record Type: HISTORICAL 
Name: RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
Potential 
' 
Address: 
DOB: 7howl 
Sex: Male 
AP: 54
Tag Number 
Earliest RegisMate• 7/2e42002 
Latest Registration Date- 71282002 
Expiration Date: 7/28(2003 
License Plate Type. Private 
Vehicle: 
Des 
Explorer - 4 Dr Wagon Sport Utility 
VIN: 
Vehicle Use: PRIVA 
State Of Origin: FLORIDA 
Engine: 8 Cyinder 302 Cubic inch — Gas Powered 
Anti Lock Brakes: 4 wheel standard 
Al Conditioning: Standard 
Daytime Running Lights. Not available 
Power Steering: Standard 
Power Brakes: Standard 
Power Windows: Optional 
Security System: Pass ivy 
Roof: None I not available 
Price: 21485 
Radio: AM/FM Cassette 
Front Wheel Drive: No 
Four Wheel Drive: No 
Tit Wneel: Optional 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729167
--- PAGE 20 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 18 of 51 
Owner(s) 
Name: RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
SSN: 266-25-Tan 
Potential 
Address: 
D08: 7 
Sex: Mahe 
Age: 64 
DL O: Tommoccoacc 
Title Number. 0076144677 
TIDe Status: Transfer 
Title Issue Date: 0/14/2001 
Odometer Mileage: 49844 
Reglaranks) 
Record Type: EXPIRED 
Name: RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
SSN: 266.26-xxxx 
Potential 
Acktress-
1208: 7/a/1955 
Sex. Male 
Age: 64
DLit 
Tag Number 
Earliest RegIssabon ate 7/26/2002 
Latest Registration Dale- 7/26/2002 
Expiration Dale: 7/28/2003 
Decal Date. 2003 
License Plate Type. Sunshine License Plates (Sunshine State) 
Lien NOMer(s) 
None 
Possible Criminal Records: 
None Fovea: 
Sexual Offenses: 
Nona Found] 
Florida Accidents: 
Accident 1 
Dateakne: FRIDAY, 09/0111989 18:20 
County: Dade 
Vehicle 1 - Vehicle was traveling North. Estimated speed was 40 mph in a 45 mph speed zone 
Type. 1989 Dodge • Moped 
Tag: 
VIN: 
Fault: 
Not-At•Fau 
Culver 
Name-
Address. 
01.4: kcia-xix.xx-xxx-x 
DL State: FL 
Owner 
Name: INTERAMERICAN CAR RENTAL 
Passengerts) 
Age: 30 
Vehicle 2 - Vehicle was traveling North. Estimated speed was 25 mph in a 45 mph speed zono 
Type 1987 Ford TAURUS GL • Automobile 
Tag 
VIN 
Faun venc eAI-Fault 
Driver 
Name: MARCO PENNA 
Address: ROME ITALY 
DLO: xrxxkoan 
Owner 
Name 
Address: 
Passengers) 
Age. 21 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729168
--- PAGE 21 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 19 of 51 
AVE 18 
Ape: 19 
Accident 2 
DetWrime: MONDAY, 06/17/1993 17:46 
County: Dade 
Vehicle 1 - Vehicle was traveling East on NW 95 ST. Estimated speed was 25 mph in a 30 mph speed zone 
Type 
Buick Aatcrnotot,
Tag: 
VIN: 
Fault Vehicle No4At.Fauit 
Driver 
Name:
Address: 
DU: LCOC-M-Xk-UX-% 
DC State: FL 
Owner 
Name.IN
MIN
I 
Address: 
Vehicle 2 - Vehicle was traveling East on NW 95 ST. Estimated speed was 26 mph in a 30 mph speed zone 
Type: 1978 Oldsmobile • Automobie 
VICE 3R47F80453005 
Fault Vehicle At.Fault 
Driver 
Name: 
Address 
OLIC scoc-xxx•xx-xxx.z 
DL State: FL 
Owner 
Name. 
DL 
zaavuoccootax 
Passenger%) 
Age: 1 
Accident 3 
Dale/Time: WEDNESDAY, 05/02/2001 10:10 
County Dade 
Vehicle 1 - Vehicle was traveling West. Estimated speed was 35 mph in a 35 mph speed zone 
Type- 2001 Automobee 
Tag: 8448SI 
Faultx, Vehicle Not•At.Fauh 
Driver 
Name:
Address: 
DLL ZOIX-XYX•XX-XXX-x 
DL State: FL 
Owner 
Name I 
Address: 
Passenger(s) 
Name: 
Address: 
Age: 36
Vehicle 2 Vehicle was traveling West. Estimated speed was 35 mph in a 36 mph speed zone 
Type 
BRONCO U100 - Pickup/Light Truck (2 rear tires) 
Tag: 
VIN.
Fault. elect. 
• au t 
Driver 
Name: TRAVIS D HICKS 
DLit mouteowaxeotx-x 
DL State: FL 
Owner 
Name: TRAVIS D HICKS 
DL IC roma:ow= 
Accident 4 
DalerTime: THURSDAY. 071I7/2003 1(1.00 
County: Dade 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729169
--- PAGE 22 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 20 of 51 
Vehicle 1 • Vehicle was traveling East on OKEECHOBEE RD. Estimated speed was 40 mph In a 45 mph speed zone 
Type 
F150 SUPERCREW F150 SUPERCREW - Automobile 
Tog 
VIN: 
Fault Vehicle NOtat• mull 
Driver 
Name: 
Address: 
DLO: xxxx•xxx•xx-xxx-x 
DL State. FL 
Owner 
Name.
Address: 
Accident 5 
Date/Time: FRIDAY. 10/26/2007 1.66 
Vehicle 1 • Vehicle was traveling West on PORT BLVD. Estimated speed unknown 
Type 200 Fora CROWN VIC POLICE INT - Automa0ile 
Tag.
VIN 
Fault Vehicle Not•At•Fau 
Driver 
Name R 
Address: 
DLO: xxxxoa-acxxx-x 
DL State: FL 
Owner 
Name: D 
Address: 
Vehicle 2 • Vehicle was traveling East on PORT BLVD. Estimated speed was 1 mph in a 20 mph speed zone 
DPW 2005 Dodge RAM 3600 OUADST/SLT • Autornoble 
Tag: 
VIN: 
Faulk 
Driver 
Name: JFAIIIMI 
Address: 
DUI: 'massy 
DL Stato. AL 
Owner 
Name: 
Address 
Professional License(s): 
[None Foundry 
Voter Registration: 
Name: R 
Address: 
DOB: 7/xx/19 
Gender Male 
Ethnicity: WHITE 
Last Vole Dale: 11(7/2000 
Political Party: REPUBLICAN 
State of Registrabon. Florida 
Status. ACTIVE 
Concealed Weapons Permit: 
None Fm. 
Possible Associates: 
DEANNA A CAMBINO DOB: 10hor/1943 Age 66 
086-34-xm issued in New York between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1902 
Names Associated with Associate: 
DEANNA A GAMBINO DOB: 10/W1943 Age: 68 
084-34-xxxx Issued In New York between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1962 
DEANNA A GAMBINO DOB: 10/1943 Age: 66 
066-30-wor issued In New York between 1/1/1954 and 12/31/1957 
DEANNA A GAMBINO AN DOB: 10/W1943 Age: es 
088-34-Licoc issued in New York between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1962 
DEANNA A GAMBINO DOB. 1945 Age. 66 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729170
--- PAGE 23 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 21 of 51 
088-34woocissued in New York between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1962 
DEANNA A SKAGGS DOS: 10/1943 Age: 86 
08634•xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1962 
DEANNA A VICENTE DOB: 10/1943 Age: 66 
088-34-scoc issued in New York between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1962 
DEANNA A VINCENTE DOB: 10/m/1943 Age: 66 
088.34-xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1982 
DEANNA A VINCENTE DOB: 10/1943 Age: 86 
086-30-xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1954 and 12/31/1957 
DEANNA A VINCENTE DOS: 10/W1943 Age: 66 
066.34•xxxx issued in New Yak between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1962 
DEANNA A VINCENTE DOS: 10/1943 Age: 68 
107-24-max Issued In New York between 1/1/1936 and 12/31/1951 
DEANNA VINCENTI DOB: 10AW1943 Age: 68 
066.34•xxxx blued in New York between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1982 
DIANNA VINCENTE DOB: 10/xx/1943 Age: 66 
098-344com Issued in New York between 1/1/1959 and 12131/1902 
JEANNA VINCENTE DOB: 10tioc/1943 Age: 68 
086.34-xna issued in New York between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1962 
VINCENT: DEANNA DOB: 10&x/1 943 Age: 66 
086.34-xnx issued in New York between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1962 
Ac 
(Jun 2003 - Jan 2010) 
• r grill-Malt' 
.7 
II 
IA, Mt121141 
PATRICIA FANDREY DOUKAS DOB: 9WP1957 Age: 52 
267-29woca issued In Florida between 111/1970 and 1241/1971 
Names Associated with Associate: 
PATTY DOUKAS DOB: ghtx/1967 Age: 52 
267-29-xxxx issued in Fbrida between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1911 
Active Address(es): 
S 
(Jut 1956 - Jan 2010) 
Previous And Non Aori led Add rnsslpal: 
(Mar 2008) 
1963 Apr 1986) 
(Jan 1983) 
HARRY J DOUKAS DOB: 2/n/1947 Age: 63 
218-52-cox issued in Maryland between 1/1/1986 and 12/31/1965 
Names Associated with Associate: 
HARRY JAMES DOUKAS DOB: 2/W1947 Age: 83 
267.29xxxx Issued In Florida between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1971 
HARRY JAMES DOUKAS DOB: Veal 947 Age: 83 
216-52-xxxx issued In Maryland between 1/1/1966 and 12131/1966 
Active Address(es): 
4 
31011986 • Jan 2010) 
(Mar 2009 - May 2009) 
(Jan 1983 • Jul 2008) 
(Jan 1983) 
FERNANDEZ HENRY DOB: 10/a1961 Age:48 
266.71•xxxx issued In Florida between 1/1/1978 and 12/31/1976 
Names Associated with Associate: 
FERNANDEZ H OSCAR DOB: 10/W1961 Ape 48 
266.71•xxxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1976 end 12/31/1978 
H 0 FERNANDEZ 026-67-xca DOB: 1960 Age: 60 
H OSCAR FERNANDEZ DOB: 10/W1961 Age: 48 
266-71-cca issued in Florida between 1/1/1976 and 12/31/1978 
HENRY D FERNANDEZ DOB. 10/Wiest Age. 48 
266-71-com issued in Florida between 111/1976 and 12/31/1976 
HENRY 0 FERNANDEZ 028.67-xxxx COB: 1960 Age: 50 
HENRY 0 FERNANDEZ 026437-cox DOB: 10/1961 Age 48 
HENRY OSCAR FERNANDEZ DOB: 10/m/1981 Age: 48 
266-71-twoi Issued In Florida between 1/1/1976 and 12/31/1976 
HENRY 0 OSCAR DOB: 10/w/1961 Age: 48 
26641-ow( Issued In Florida between 1/1/1976 and 12/31/1976 
HENRY 0 OSCAR DOB: 10/n/1981 Age 48 
266-71mixx issued infield* between 1/1/1978 and 12/31/1976 
OSCAR I-I FERNANDEZ DOS: 10/W1981 Age: 48 
26671•xxxx issued in Florida between 1(1/1978 and 12/31/1978 
OSCAR V FERNANDEZ DOB: 10/W1961 Age: 48 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729171
--- PAGE 24 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 22 of 51 
268-71-xxxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1976 and 12/31/1978 
Active Address(es): 
f (Jun 1987 - Jan 2010) 
Current phones listed at this address: 
954.432.6415 FERNANDEZ HENRY 0 
954.443.4353 
Previous And Non-Verified Address(es): 
(Mar 2001) 
JOE I PALERMO DOE: 8.1/4x/I988 Age: 43 
08252-cox issued in New York between 1/1/1972 and 12/3111974 
Names Associated with Associate: 
JOEY IGAMBINO DOB. 8/sW1988 Age: 43 
082.52max issued in New York between 111/1972 and 12/31/1974 
JOSEPH THOMAS GAMBINO DOB. 8/M1988 Age 43 
082.624txxx issued in New York between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1974 
JOSEPH PALERMO DOB: 8M01968 Age: 43 
082-62-xxxx issued in New York between 1/111972 and 12/31/1974 
JOSEPH PALERMO DOB: &tarn 9813 Age: 43 
085-52-vxx issued in New York between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1974 
JOSEPH THOMAS PALERMO DOB. 870/1988 Age: 43 
082-52max issued in New York between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1974 
Previous And Non-Verified Addrmiges): 
CHARLE PROVENZANO DOB: 8//a/1931 DODS/2812002 (PIKE, PA) Age at Death: 70 (Born 78 years ago) - Verified 
082-26-vca Issued In New York between 1/1/1951 and 12/31/1952 
Names Associated with Associate: 
D CHARLES J MAPIENZA JR DOB: 8/W1931 000:6/28/2002 (PIKE, PA) Age at Death: 70 (Born 78 years ago) • Verified 
082-28-xxxx issued in New York between 11111951 and 12/31/1952 
D CHARLES PROVENZANO DOB: 8ba./1931 000.8/2812002 (PIKE, PA) Age at Death: 70 (Born 78 years ago) • Verified 
082-26.xxxx issued In New York between 1/1/1951 end 12/31/1952 
D CHARLES J SAPIENZA DOB: 8hor/1931 DOD:8728/2002 (PIKE. PA) Age at Death' 70 (Born 78 years ago) - Verified 
0432.28.xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1961 and 12/31/1952 
D CHARLES J SAPIENZA DOB: 8ho01931 DOD:8728/2002 (PIKE. PA) Age at Death: 70 (Born 78 years ago) • Verified 
093-02muor issued Si New York between 1/1/1979 and 12/31/1980 
D CHAS SAPIENZA JR DOB: 8/xx/1931 D00:8/28/2002 (PIKE, PA) Age at Death: 70 (Born 78 years ago) • Verified 
082-28-ma issued In New York between 1/1/1951 and 12/31/1952 
Active Address(os): 
412730 PINEACRE CT, WEST PALM BEACH FL 33414.4140. PAW BEACH COUNTY (Sep 2007 - Jan 2010) 
581.795.5405 SAPIENZA CHARLES 
Previous And Non-Venfted Address(os): 
ANTONIA POLLOCK DOB: Illha/1941 Age: 08 
285-72-xxxx issued In Florida between 1/1/1961 and 12/31/1962 
Names Associated with Associate: 
ANTONIA M POLLOCK DOB: tincx/1941 Age: 58 
285-72mca Issued in Ftrida between 1/1/1961 and 12/31/1982 
M ANTONIA POLLACK DOB 6/v01941 Age: 68 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729172
--- PAGE 25 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 23 of 51 
265-72-mx issued In Florida between 1/1/1951 and 12/31/1962 
M ANTONIA POLLOCK DOS: 6/xx/1941 Age: 68 
285.72-xxxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1961 and 12/31/1962 
MARIA A PAL LOCK DOB 6/xx/194t Age: 68 
285.72-nos issued in Florida between 1/1/1981 and 12/31/1962 
MARIA A POLLOCK DOS: 6hdrJ1941 Age: 68 
265-72eoox issued in Florida between 1/1/1961 and 12/31/1962 
MARIA A POLLOCK DOS: 6/1941 Age: 68 
267-724c<xx Issued in Florida between 111/1961 and 12/31/1962 
MARIA ANTONIA POLLOCK DOB: 8/xx/1941 Age: 68 
265.72-xxxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1961 and 12/31/1962 
PAARIAANTONIA TE POLLOCK DOB: 8/0/11941 Age: 68 
265-72-xxxx issued In Melds between 1/1/1961 and 12/31/1962 
TONI POLLOCK DOB: 1940 Age: 70 
266.72-xxxx issued In Florida between 1/1/1961 end 12131/1962 
TONI POLLOCK DOB: 6/xx/1941 Age: 68 
265-72-xxxximued In Florida between 1/1/1961 and 12/31/1962 
TONY IA POLLOCK DOB: 6/0/1941 Age: 88 
265-72-xxxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1961 and 12/31/1962 
Previous Arid Non-Verified Address(es): 
CHARLE SAPIENZA DOB: 2/x41965 Age: 45 
093-82-xxxx Issued in New York between 1/1/1979 end 12/31/1980 
Names Associated with Associate: 
CHARLES J SAPIENZA DOB: 2/x41965 Age: 45 
093-62-xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1979 and 12/3111900 
CHARLES SAPIENZIA DOB: 2bW1966 Age: 45 
09342-xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1979 and 12/31/1980 
Active Address(es): 
4.ipippoppluisJan 
2007 • Jan 2010) 
Previous And Non •Verified Addreis(os) 
• 
(Apr 1998 - Aug 2007) 
D VILLAVICENCIO DOB: 5hodl 975 Age: 34 
59241vota issued in Florida between 6/1/1996 and 12/2/1996 
Names Associated with Associate: 
D TAMARA VILLAVICENCIO DOS: Ifficx/1975 Age: 34 
592-81-xxxx issued in Florida between 8/1/1996 and 12/211996 
DORIS TAMARA IRIZARRY 
DOB: Muct1975 Age: 34 
DORIS T VILLACENCIO DOB: 8hrw11975 Age: 34 
592-81-xxxx issued in Florida between 8/1/1996 and 12/2/1998 
DORIS VILLAVICENCIO DOB: 8/1975 Age: 34 
230-02-xxxx issued in Virginia between 1/1/1974 and 12/31/1975 
DORIS C VILLAVICENCIO DOB: 8/xx/1976 Age: 34 
69241•xxxx issued in Florida between 811/1996 and 12/2/1996 
DORIS T VILLAVICENCK) DOB: 8/1975 Age: 34 
230.02-)cot issued in Virginia between 1/1/1974 and 12/31/1975 
DORIS T VILLAVICENCIO DOS: Mr/1975 Age: 34 
692-61voodc issued in Florida between 8/111998 and 12/2/1996 
DORIS TAMARA VILLAVICENCIO DOB: 8/xx/1975 Age: 34 
692-61-vour issued In Florida between 6/1/1996 and 12/2/1996 
DORIS TAMARA VILLAVICENCLO DOB: Shc41975 Age: 34 
592-61-tour weal In Florida between 8/1/1996 and 12/2/1996 
DTAMARA VILLAVICENCIO DOB: 8hcr/1975 Age: 34 
692-61-xxxx issued In Florida between 8/1/1996 and 12/2/1996 
TAMARA VILLAVICENCIO DOB: 51xx/1975 Age: 34 
592-81-xxxx issued In Florida between 8/1/1998 and 12/2/1996 
TAMARA VILLAVICENCIO DOB: 86301975 Age: 94 
592-61-xxxx issued in Ponds between 8/1/1998 and 12/2/1996 
Active Address(es): 
410 
May 2002 - Nov 2009) 
964431.6568 VILLAVICENCIO FREDDY 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729173
--- PAGE 26 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 24 of 51 
b ROSE ZUCCARELLES DOB: 9hoti1914 DOD:4/972008 (NASSAU. NY) Age at Death: 93 (Born 95 years ago) • Proof 
t12.01000m Issued in New York between 1/111936 and 12/31/1961 
Names Associated with Associate: 
ID ROSE ZUCCARELLO DOS: 9/rd1914 DOD:4/9/2008 (NASSAU, NY) Age at Death: 93 (Born 95 years ago) - Proof 
1/2A1•xxxx issued In New Yak between 111/1936 and 12/31/1051 
o 
ROSE L ZUCCARELLO DOB: 9/xx/1914 DOD:4/9,20N (NASSAU. NY) Age at Death: 93 (Born 95 years ago) • Proof 
112.01•xxxx Issued In New York between 1/111936 and 12/31/1951 
ROSE LETO ZUCCARELLO DOB: 9ft/1914 DOD:4/9/2006 (NASSAU. NY) Age at Death: 93 (Born 96 years ago) • Moot 
112.01•xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1936 and 12/31/1951 
Previous And Non-Verifled Address(es): 
Possible Relative Summary: (Crick on name to link la mon deans Mann this report - /00 Charge) 
> TONI M COLBY, Age 44 
» 
TONI FANDER - (AKA). Age 44 
» 
TONI MAUREEN FANDREY • (AKA). Age 44 
» 
TONI MAUREEN FANDREY - (AKA). Age 45 
» 
TONI MAUREEN FANDREY • (AKA). Age 44 
» 
TONI M FRANDREY • (AKA), Age 44 
» 
TONI IA POLLACK - (AKA), Age 44 
» TONI MAUREEN SAPIENZA • (AKA). Age 44 
>> EVERETTE COLBY , Age 46 
so> EVERETT E COLBY SR • (AM), Age 46 
>» EVERETT E COLEY 
>>> EVERETT EDWARD COLBY. Age 71 
>>> EVERETT EDWARD COLBY Age 71 
>> EVERETT E COLBY, Age 71 
>>> EVERETT E COLBY SR - (AKA). Age 69 
»> EVERETT EDWARD COLBY • (MA), Ape 71 
>» ANN C COLBY Age 68 
»» ANN CHRISTINE COLBY - (AKA). Age 88 
»» ANN CHRISTINE COLBY • (MA). Age es 
>>» ANN C COLEY -IBM). Age 68 
>>>> COLBY C FNN • (AKA), Age 68 
so» FNN C COLEY (AKA). Age 88 
>> EVERETT EDWARD COLBY. Age 46 
», EVERETTE E COLBY JR - (AM), Age 46 
>» EVERETT E COLBY SR . Age 69 
>» FLORENCE PA
 COLBY, Age 45 
so» FLORENCE 
COLBY - (AKA), Age 45 
»so FLORENCE P MICHEL • (AKA), Ago 45 
>>>> MICHAEL PAGE • (AM). Age 45 
so» MICHEL PAGE COLBY • (AKA). Age 45 
zo» MICHEL C PAGE - (AM). Age 45 
>»> PAGE COLBY • (AKA). Age 46 
so» PAGE COLBY - (AKA), Age 46 
>»> PAGE C MICHAEL • (AKA), Age 45 
>an PAGE C MICHAEL • (AKM Age 45 
»» PAGE COLBY MICHEL - (AKA), Age 45 
an PAGE COLBY MICHEL - (AKA). An 45 
> NICHOLAS RICHARD FANDREY Age 28 
» 
AMY B FANDREY, Age 28 
no AMY S FANDREY - (AKA). Age 28 
»> AMY BETH STRAUSS - AKA). Age 28
»> STEVE ST 
SS, Age 36 
»» STEVEN 
STRAUS - (AM), Age 38 
>,» STEVEN 
BERT STRAUSS • (AKA), Age 36 
so» STTEVEN 
STRAUSS - (AKA). Age 36 
,» BILL STRAU 
Age 67 
>no WILLIAM D STAUSS • (AKA). Age 87 
aaap WILLIAM DAVID STRAUSS • (AM). Age 87
>» SUE STRAUS Age 31 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729174
--- PAGE 27 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 25 of 51 
»» SUZANNE M STRANSS - (MA). Age 31 
>>>> SUZANNE STRAUSS • (AKA), Age 31 
>»> SUZANNE A STRAUSS - (AKA), Age 31 
»» SUZANNE M STRAUSS • (AKA), Age 3t 
>» D 
ANITA D STRAUSS . Age 64 
”» ID ANITA G STRAUSS - (AKA). Age 64 
> 0080 MONICA. Age 60 
» 
COBO MONICA - (AKA), Age 49 
» C080 MONICA - (AKA). Age 50 
» 
COSOFANDREY MONICA - (AKA), Age 50 
» 
MONICA F C080 - (AKA), Age 50 
» 
MONICA F C080 • (AKA), Age 49 
» 
MONICA F C080 - (AKA), Age 50 
» 
MONICA FATIMA COBO • (MA), Age 60 
» 
MONICA FATIMA C080 - (AKA), Age 50 
» 
MONICA J 0050 • (AKA). Age 60 
» 
MONICA J COBO - (AKA), Age 49 
» 
MONICA 0080 GAMBINO - (AM), Age SO 
» 
MONICA CORO PALERMO - (AM), Age 50 
» 
MONICA 0080-FANDREY - (AKA). Age 50 
» 
MONICA F COBO-GAMBINO • (AM). Age 60 
» 
MONICA F COBO-GAMBINO • (AKA). Age 49
» 
MONICA C080-PALERMO • (AKA), Age 50 
» 
MONICA COBOFANDREY - (AKA), Age 50 
» 
MONICA F COBOGAMBINO • (AM), Age 60 
» 
MONICA F COBOGAMBINO - (AM), Age 49 
» 
MONICA COBOPALERMO - (AKA). Ape 50 
» 
MONICA 0080 FANDREY - (AKA). Age 50 
» 
MONICA C GAMBINO -(AKA), Age 50 
» 
MONICA F GAMBINO - (AM), Age 50 
» 
MONICA F GAMBINO - (AM), Age 49 
» 
MONICA COEIO PALERMO - (AKA). Age 60 
» 
MONICA F PALERMO • (AM), Age 50 
» 
TRACEY ANN BROKELSCHEN, Age 43 
>» TRACEY JOHNSON (AKA), Age 43 
>» TRACY A BROCKELSCHE.N - (AM). Age 43 
>» TRACY A BROKELSCHEN • (MCA), Age 43 
>» TRACY A GAMBINO - (AKA), Age 43 
>>> TRACY B GAMBINO • (MA), Age 43 
>» TRACY A JOHNSON - (MA), Age 43 
>» TRACY A JOHNSON - (AKA), Age 43 
>» TRACY ANN JOHNSON - (AKA), Age 43 
>» 8 A BROKELSCHEN Age 71 
»» BARBAA A BROKELSCHEN (AKA). Age 7t 
»» BARBARA A BRIKELSCHF.N - (MA), Age 71 
»» BARBARA A BROKELCHEN - (MA), Age 71 
»» BARBARA rROKELSCHEN - (AKA), Age 71 
n» BARBARA 
BROKELSCHEN • (AM), Age 71 
»» BARBARA 
OKELSCHEN, - (AKA), Age 71 
>>>> BA 
RA BROKELSCHEN • (AM), Age 71 
>>> BRAIN 
, Age 42 
>>» BR 
BROKELSCHEN -(AKA), Age 42 
»» BRIAN 
BROKELSCHEN SR • (AKA), Age 40 
»» BRIAN 
KELSCHER • (MA), Age 42 
»» GEORGE BRIAN BROKELSCHEN • (AKA), Age 42 
>>> ALISSA M BROKEISCHEN , Age 23 
>>» ALISSA M BROKELSCHEN • (AKA), Age 23 
>
>
>
D
GEORGES BROKELSCHEN , Age 75 
»», D GEORGE BRIAN BROKELSCHEN • (MA), Age 74 
»,» D GEORGE B BROKESCHEN • (AKA) 
>» COREY ttROKELSCHEN . Age 30 
LAURA LEE BRANGI , Age 33 
»» LAURA L BROKELSCHEN • (AKA), Age 33 
»» LAURALEE BRANGI • (AKA), Age 33 
>> SALVATORE F GAMBINO , Age 42 
>» SALVATORE GAMBINO - (AM), Age 42 
>» SALVATORE GAMBINO - (AKA). Age 42 
>>> SALVATORE F GAMBINO - (MA). A90 42
>» SALVATORE F GAMBINO • (AKA). Ape 42 
>>> SALVATORE F GAMBINO - (AKA), Age 42 
>» SALVATORE FRANK GAMBINO - (AM), Age 42 
>>> SALVATORE GAMBIRO - (AM), Age 42 
>» ROSA LAMBERT . Age 50 
»» ROSALIA GAMBINO - (AKA). Age 50 
»» ROSALIA H LAMBERT - (AKA), Age 50 
»» ROSALIA L LAMBERT • (AM), Age 50 
>>.» ROSALIA ROSALIA LAMBERT - (AKA). Age 50 
»» ROSALIA V LAMBERT • (AKA) Ago 50 
»» ROSALIA LAMBERT, - (AM), Age 50 
»» ROSALIE LAMBERT • (AKA). Age 60 
>s» ROSALIE LAMBERY • (AM), Age 50 
D THOMAS GABINO , Age 77 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729175
--- PAGE 28 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 26 of 51 
• 
D THOMAS GAMBINO - (AKA), Age 77 
>>» 0 THOMAS J GAMBINO • (AKA). Age 77
THOMAS J GAMBINO - (AM), Age 78 
D THOMAS GAMBINO • (AM), Age 77 
D THOMAS GAMBINO - (AM), Age 77 
THOMASN J GAMBINO - (AKA). Age 77
• 
D TOM GAMBINO - (AM), Age 77 
>» ELIZABETH M GAMBINO , Age 38 
»» ELIZABETH M GAMBINO • (AM), Age 38 
»» ELIZABETH M GIAMATTEI - µAKA), Age 38 
»» ELIZABETH GIAMETT1 - (AKA), Ago 38 
»» ELIZABETH GRAPAITA - (MA). Age 38 
>>>> ELIZABETH GRAMITA 
(AKA). Age 38 
»» ELIZABETH MIGLIARO • (AKA), Age 38 
»» ELIZABETH M MIGLIARO • (AM), Age 38 
>>» ELIZABETH M MIGLIARO • (AM), Age 38 
»/> ERLIZABE GIAMATTEI • (AM), Age 38 
>
»
V GAMBINO, Age 74 
»» ROSELYAN V GAMBINO - (AM), Age 74 
» ROSELYN GAMBING • (AM), Age 74 
»>> ROSELYN GAMBINO • (AM), Age 74 
»» ROSELYN V GAMBINO • (AM), Age 74 
»» ROSELYN V GAMBINO • (AKA), Age 74 
»» ROSELYN V GAMBINO - (AM). Age 74 
>>» ROSELYN GAMBINO TR • (AKA), Age 74 
»» ROSELYN GAMBINO, - (MA), Age 74 
>>> COLEEN QUINN 
>>>> COLLEEN GAMBINO - (AKA), Age 45 
»» COLLEEN J GAMBINO - (A/4A). Age 46 
»» COLLEEN .1 GAMBINO • (AKA), Age 45 
»>> COLLEEN J JENKINS - (AM), Age 46 
»» COLLEEN J JENKINS • (AKA), Age 45 
>>» COLLEEN JOSEPHINE LAUDANO - µAKA), Age 46 
»» COLLEEN GUINN - (MA). Age 48 
»» COLLEEN OUINN • µAKA). Age 45 
>>» COLLEEN J OUINN • (AKA). Age 4$ 
»» COLLEEN J QUINN • (Am), Age 46 
>a» COLLEEN JOSEPHINE OUINN • (MA), Age 46 
»» COLLEN J JENKINS - (AM) 
» 
CECILIA VILLAVICENCIO , Age 53 
>» CECILIA VILLAVICENCIO - (AKA), Age 53 
>a> CECILIA D VILLAVICENCIO - (AKA). Age 53 
>» CECILIA DORI VILLAVICENCIO • (AKA). Age 63 
>» DORIS C COBO - (AKA), Age 53 
>» DORIS CECILIA VILLAVICENCIO (AKA). Age 53
>» FEDDY M VILLAVIOENCIO , Age 53 
»» FREDDY MILTON VILLAVICENCIO - (AKA). Age 53 
»» FREDDY IA VILLAYCENCIO SR - (AM), Age 53 
>» FREDDY X VILLAVICENCIO 
»» FREDDY XAVIER VILLAVICENCIO • (AM). Age 77 
> SOLEDA FANDREY 
> PAULA B FANDREY Age 64 
» PAULA L FANDREY - (AKA). Age 54 
» PAULA L FANDREY • (AKA), Age 54 
» PAULA LYNN PREMUROSO - (AM), Age 54 
a> PAULA LYNN ROSE • (AKA). Age 54 
» 
JEAN C JACOBSEN , Age 71 
>>> JEAN C PREMUROSO • (AKA), Age 71 
>>> JEAN C PREMUROSO • (AKA), Age 71 
>» JEAN C VIGUE - (AM), Age 71 
>» D EYUIND H JACOBSEN , Age 77 
>,» 0 EY UIND H JACOBSEN • (AKA), Age 76 
»» 
EYVIND H JACOBSEN - µW1), Age 77 
"» D EYVIND N JACOBSEN • µW1), Age 76 
>», D EYVIND H JACOBSEN • (AKA), Age 77 
• 
EYVIND H JACOBSEN • (AKA), Age 77 
>0.» D EYVIND H JACOBSEN • (AM), Age 77 
>», D EYVIND JACOBSON (AKA), Age 77 
»» D EYVIND JACOBSON - (AM), Age 76 
>>» D EYYIND H JACOBSON (AKA), Age 77 
..» D EYYIND H JACONSON - (MA), Age 77 
»» 0 EYYINO JACOBSON • (AM). Ago 77 
>» ANN JACOBSEN , Age 71 
»» ANN JACOBSON • µAKA). Age 71 
>,» JACOBSEN ANN • (MA). Age 71 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729176
--- PAGE 29 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 27 of 51 
» 
PREMUROSO A RAY , Age 49 
>» PREMUROSO SEFtVIC • (AKA), Age 40
>» RAY PREMUROSO - (AKA), Age 49 
>>> RAYMOND L PRAMUROSO • (AKA). Age 49 
a.» RAYMOND P PRAMUROSO • (AKA), Age 49 
).» RAYMOND J PREMUROSO • (AKA). Age 49 
>>> RAYMOND P PREMUROSO • (AKA). Age 49 
>» RAYMOND P PREMUROSO - (AKA). Age 49 
>>> RAYMOND P PREMURSO • (AM), Age 49 
»> RAYMOND P PREMURSO • (AKA). Age 49 
>» RAYMOND PRENUROSO - (AKA), Age 49 
>>> LINDA I. PREMUROSO , Age 45 
>a» LYNDA L BOUTON • (AKA)• Age 45 
»» LYNDA B PREMSUROSO - (AKA), Age 45 
»» LYNDA BOUTON PREMUROSO • (AM), Age 45 
»» LYNDA L PREMUROSO - (AKA). Age 45 
).» PAULA 
BELL , Age 49 
»» PAULA 
CAMPBELL - (AM), Age 50 
»» PAULA 
CAMPBELL - (AKA), Age 49 
>>» PAULA 
PRAMUROSO -(AKA). Age 49 
»» PAULA 
PREMUROSO • (AKA). Age 49 
ad.» PAULA 
PREMUROSO • (AM). Age 49 
»» PAULA 
PREMUROSO • (AM). Age 49 
>GM. PAULA 
PREMURSO • (MA), Age 49 
»» PAULA 
TILLER • (AM), Age 49 
»n PAULA 
TILLER • (AKA). Age 49 
>>> LAURA MC EIL, Age 48 
>»> LAURA MY MCNEILL - (AKA), Age MI 
>>» LAURA SKIFF LETT MCNEILL -(AKA). Age 46 
>a» LAURA K PREMUROSO • (AM). Age 46
>,» LAURA K SHIFFLETT • (AKA), Age 46 
», ROSERT PREMOROSO , Age 44 
aw» ROBERT PREMUROSA • (AM). Age 44 
>,» ROBERT G PREMUROSE - (AKA), Age 44 
ow» ROBERT G PREMUROSEO - (MA). Apo 44 
»» ROBERT G PREMUROSO - (AM), Age 44 
»» ROBERT G PREMUROSO - (AKA), Age 44 
>>»,c3ERT GERARD PREMUROSO • (AKA). Age 44 
», PAUL 
PREMUROSO 
>>> R 
PREMUROSO,Age ss 
>>» RICHARD PREMAVROSO - (AKA), Age 53 
»» RICHARD PREMUROSA • (AKA), Age 63 
»» RICHARD PREMUROSH • (AKA), Age 53 
>>» RICHARD PREMUROSO • (AKA). Ape 53 
»» RICHARD PRENVLOSO • (AM). Ape 53 
>» CHRIS S PREMUROSO , Age 20 
n» CHRISTOPHE PREMUROSO • (AKA). Age 20 
»» CHRISTOPHER STEVEN PREMUROSO - (AKA). Age 20 
» RONAL PREMUROSO • Age 56 
>» RONALD F PREMEROSO • (AM). Age 66 
», RONALD F PREMUROSO • (AKA). Age 76
», RONALD F PREMUROSO - (AKA), Age 56 
»> RONALD FRANK PREMUROSO - (AKA). Age 58 
>>> SHARON BRAY , Age 51 
>>>> SHARON M DAIL - (AKA). Age 51 
>>» SHEERY L VAZQUEZ • (AKA), Age 61 
>>» SHERRY LYNN GRAY •(AKA). Age 51 
>>>> SHERRY MORAY - (AM), Age 51 
>>>> SHERRY L MACLEOD • (AKA), Age 51 
>>» SHERRY LYNN PREMUROSO • (AKA). Age 61 
>>>> SHERRY L VASQUEZ • (AKA), Age 71
»aw SHERRY LYNN VAZQUEZ - (AKA), Age 61 
,» CONNIE J PREMUROSE . Age 54 
»» CONNIE F PREMUROSO - (AM), Age 56 
>>» CONNIE J PREMUROSO • (AKA). Age 56 
>»> CONNIE JO PREMUROSO • (AM), Age 56 
ow» CONNIE OPREMUROSO • (AKA) Age 66 
>»> CONNIE■ PREMUROSO • (AKA), Age 56 
>»> CONNIE 
PREMUROSO • (AKA), Age 68 
>>» CONNIE J PRESMUROSO - (AKA), Age 58 
»» CONNIEJ PREMUROSO - (AKA), Age 58 
»» STEPHE PREMUROSO - (AKA). Age 56 
» 
RAYMOND L PREMUROSO . Age 84 
», RAYMOND M PREMUROSO - (AM). Age $4 
>>> RAYMOND PREMUROSO PREMUROSO - (AKA), Age 84 
D ROSALIE PREMUROSO. Age 78 
»n D ROSALIE PRENUROSO • (AM). Age 78 
>» RAYMOND L PREMUROSO , Age 110 
Possible Relatives: 
TONI kl COLBY DOB: 8tcd1965 Age: 44 
207-89-xxxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1079 and 12/31/1979 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729177
--- PAGE 30 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 28 of 51 
Names Associated with Relative: 
TONI FANDER DOB: 8/n/1965 Age: 44 
287.89notxx issued in Florida between 1/1(1979 and 12/31/1979 
TONI MAUREEN FANDREY DOB: Wax/1965 Age: 44 
287-89-mom issued in Florida 'mermen 1/1/1979 and 12/31/1979 
TONI MAUREEN FANDREY DOD lbod1965 Age: 46 
267-89-)com issued in Florida between 1/1/1979 and 12/31(1979 
TONI MAUREEN FANDREY DOB. lUxx/1966 Age: 44 
267-89-icca issued In Florida between 1/1/1979 and 12/31/1979 
TONI M FRANDREY DOB: 8ixx/1985 Age: 44 
287-89uccrx issued in Florida between 1/1/1979 and 12/31/1979 
TONI M POLLACK DOB: 8/a/1965 Age: 44 
287-69-mx Issued In Florida between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1979 
TONI MAUREEN SAPIENZA DOB: 8/xx/1965 Age: 44 
257-89-xxxx Issued in Florida between 1/1/1979 and 12/3111979 
Active Address(es): 
(Jun 2007 Jan 2010) 
Cun.eM Residents at Address: 
TONI M COLBY 
CHARLE SAPIENZA 
ANTHONY RICHARD FANDREY 
CHARLES SAPIENZA 
SPIENZA 
CHARLES 
Previous And Non-Verified Address(es): 
Possible Relative: 
EVERETT E COLBY 001-93-Kom DOB 1984 Age: 46 
Names Associated with Relative: 
EVERETT E COLBY SR DOB: 1964 Age: 46 
019-30-max issued in Massachusetts between 1/1/1955 and 12131/1958 
Active Address(a): 
Nit 
Current Residents at Address: 
ANN C COLBY 
EVERETT E COLBY 
EVERETT E COLBY 
EVERETT E COLBY 
COLBY EVERETT 
Previous And Non-Verified Address(es): 
BENJELLOUN HASSAN & DEBORAH 
Possible Relative: 
EVERETT E COLBY 001-93voca Age: 
EVERETT EDWARD COLBY 
DOB: 61xx/1938 Age: 71 
EVERETT EDWARD COLBY 
DOS: 1939 Age 71 
(Sep 2004 - Jan 2010) 
2002) 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729178
--- PAGE 31 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 29 of 51 
Active Address(es): 
431.1.
143v 2008 
2009) 
urrent e 
nts a 
roes: 
ANN C COLEY 
EVERETT E COLBY 
EVERETT E COLBY 
EVERETT E COLBY 
SOW 
EVERETT 
EVERETT E COLBY DOB: fox/1938 Age: 71 
019-304axic issued in Massachusetts between 1/171955 and 12731/1958 
Names Associated with Relative: 
EVERETT E COLBY SR DOB. 5/xx11940 Age: 89 
019-304nact issued in Massachusetts between 1/1/1955 and 12/31/1958 
EVERETT EDWARD COLBY DOB: 57xxJ1938 Age: 71 
019-30-max issued in Massachusetts between 1/1/1955 and 12/31/1958 
Active Address(es): 
elf 
Current Residents at Address: 
ANN C COLBY 
EVERETT E COLBY 
EVERETT E COLEY 
OLBY 
OLBY EVERETT 
Previous And NortArerlfied Address(es): 
OSTERGAARD OLE 
an 2004 Dec 2009) 
Possible Relative: 
ANN C COLBY DOB. abod1941 Age. 68 
11942-max Issued In New York between 1/1/1957 and 12/3171959 
Names Associated with Relative: 
ANN CHRISTINE COLBY DOB: 8/a/1941 Age: 68 
199-32-mocc issued in Penntevanis between 1/1/1957 and 1241/1960 
ANN CHRISTINE COLBY DOB: finW194 I Age: 88 
119-324coociseued In New York between 1/1/1967 and 12/31/1969 
ANN C COLEY DOB: M1941 Age. 08 
110-32arboi issued in New Yak between 111/1957 and 12/31/1959 
COLBY C FNN DOB: Oboe/1941 Age: 88 
119-324nosc issued in New Yak between 1/171957 and 12/31/1959 
FNN C COLBY DOB: li/xx71041 Age: 66 
119-32-xxxx *sued In New York between 1/1/1957 and 12/3171959 
Active Address(es): 
393 N MAIN ST. MARS HILL NC 28754-9013. MADISON COUNTY (Feb 2004 • Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
ANN C COLBY 
EVERETT E COLBY 
EVERETT E COLBY 
COLBY EVERETT 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729179
--- PAGE 32 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 30 of 51 
EVERETT EDWARD COLBY DOB: 101w1083 Age: 46 
057-40-muor Issued in New York between 11111964 and 12/31/1905 
Names Associated with Relative: 
EVERETTE E COLBY JR 00(1 LOW/1063 Age: 40 
057-404occr Issued in New York between 1/111964 and 12/31/1965 
(Sep 1989 Jan 2010) 
Current n 
en at 
ries: 
LUIS E DELCANTO 
EVERETT EDWARD COLBY 
MARIA LUISA NEORIN 
liariFUN 
NEGRIN MARIA 
MILLS ALAN 
Possible Relative: 
EVERETT E COLBY SR 001.93- 
DOB 6/1940 Age: 69 
FL 
r los) 
n 1960) 
099-40-xxmc Issued in New York between 1/1/1965 and 12/31/1966 
Names 
labed with Relative: 
FLORENCE 
COLBY DOB- 12/1964 Age: 45 
099.40.xxxx issued In New Yak between 1/1/1965 and 12/31/1966 
FLORENCE P MICHEL DOB: 12huU1964 Age: 45 
099-40-xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1965 and 12/31/1966 
MICHAEL PAGE DOB: 12/m/1964 Age 45 
099-40-xxxx issued in New Yak between 1/1/1965 and 12/31/1966 
MICHEL PAGE COLBY DOG: 12./n/1904 Age 46 
099-40-xxxxiseued In New York between 1/1/1965 and 12/31/1966 
MICHEL C PAGE 00B: 12/c/1064 Age: 45 
099-40-xxxx issued In New York between 1/1/1965 and 12/31/1966 
PAGE COLBY DOB: 12/11904 Age: 45 
099•40-ion issued in New York between 1/1/1965 and 12/31/1960 
PAGE COLBY DOB: 1965 Age: 45 
099•40-xxxx Issued In New York between 1/1/1966 and 12/31/1966 
PAGE C MICHAEL DOB: 1965 Age: 45 
099.40-moot boned in New Yak between 1/1/1965 and 12/31/196e 
PAGE C MICHAEL DOB: 12/xx/1964 Age: 45 
099•40-igionieued in New York between 1/1/1965 and 12/31/1906 
PAGE COLEY MICHEL 00B: 12hac/1964 Age: 45 
099•40•xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1905 and 12/31/1966 
PAGE COLBY MICHEL 008: 1955 Age. 45 
099-40•xxxx issued In New York between 1/1/1965 and 12/31/1966 
Active Addrias010: 
SARAH MI 
BA 
FLORENCE PAGE COLBY 
EL MICHEL 
MICHEL PAGE 
Previous And Non•Verified Address(es): 
Current Residents at Address: 
(Jul 2006 • Dec 2009) 
- Jan 2010) 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729180
--- PAGE 33 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 31 of 51 
RAYMOND S PUMA JR 
FLORENCE PAGE COLBY 
GEORGIA ZWIEBEL SOWERS 
BOB P SOWERS 
OWERS BOB 
NICHOLAS RICHARD FANDREY DOB: Obnal981 Age: 28 
690.80-xxxx *sued in Florida between 111/1958 and 12/31/1988 
Previous And Non-Verified Address(es): 
(Jun 2002 - Jan 2006) 
DREYER FREDERICK 
(Dec 2008 - Dec 2007) 
(Mar 2004 - Aug 2007) 
2004 • Jun 2004) 
(Jun 1999 • Mar 2004) 
(Feb 2003 - Dec 2003) 
Possible Relative: 
NAY B FANDREY DOB: 1ft/1982 Age: 28 
692-70-nxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1988 and 12131/19118 
Names Associated with Relative: 
AMY S FANDREY DOB 1/m0982Age: 28 
592-70-xxxx Issued In Florida between 1/111988 and 12/31/1988 
AMY BETH STRAUSS DOS: Vxx/1982 Age: 28 
692-70-xxxx Issued In Honda between 1/1/1988 and 12/31/1980 
(Feb 2001 • Nov 2009) 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729181
--- PAGE 34 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 32 of 51 
STRAUSS WILLIMI 
(Mar 2009 • Jan 2010) 
urrent es ens 
ress: 
NICHOLAS RICHARD FANDREY 
AMY B FANDREY 
- Mar 2009) 
(Jen 2006 - Jan 2008) 
(Dec 2003 - May 2006) 
(Jan 2003 - Aug 2003) 
Possible Relative: 
STEVE STRAUSS DOB: 70701973 Age: 36 
592•70•wout Issued In Florida between 111/1988 and 12/31/i988 
Names r
elated with Relative: 
STEVEN ■ STRAUS DOB: 7/x0973 Age: 38 
592. 
xxxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1988 and 12/31/1988 
STEVEN ROBERT STRAUSS DOB: 7/xx/1973 Ape: 38 
592•70Ucxxx issued In F13rida between 1/1/1988 and 12/31/1988 
STTEVEN I STRAUSS DOB: 7/x/1973 Age: 38 
592-70-xxxx ...sued In Florida between 1/1/1988 and 12/31/1988 
( 2004 - Jan 2010) 
rrerde
e 
a 
ress: 
KRISTIE LEE ANN WILLIAMS 
USS 
v 2002 • Mar 2005) 
(Aug 1962 • Mer 2005) 
V 
WI L 
2001 - Sep 2002) 
(Jul 2000 • Jan 2002) 
BILL STRAUSS DOB 9/xx/1942 Age: 67 
137-34-xxxx Issued In New Jersey between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1981 
Names Associated with Relative: 
WILLIAM D STAUSS DOB: Shoat 942 Age: 67 
137-34-e(xx Issued In New Jersey between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1961 
WILLIAM DAVID STRAUSS DOB 9/xxl1942 Age: 67 
137-34-)cox issued in New Jersey between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1961 
Active Address(es): 
41870 NW 93RD TER, PLANTATION FL 33322-4332, BROWARD COUNTY (Aug 1978 - Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
RAYMOND S PUMA JR 
S 
STRAUSS WILLIAM 
( 2004 • 2009) 
u
r
r
e
t
es+ ents at 
ress: 
KRISTIE LEE ANN WILLIAMS 
(Aug 2008) 
ep 2001 - Sep 2003) 
2002 - Sep 2002) 
(Jan 1983) 
Current 
• 
. rrn: at 
•' 08$: 
CHERISMA ANIDE 
an 1983) 
(Jan 1983) 
SUE STRAUS DOS: 126ot/1078Age: 31 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729182
--- PAGE 35 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 33 of 51 
59240-max issued In Florida between 1/1/1988 and 12/31/1988 
Names Associated with Relative: 
SUZANNE IA STRAUSS DOB 128001978 Age 31 
592-70-xxxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1988 and 12/31/14188 
SUZANNE STRAUSS DOB. 12/xx/1978 Age: 31 
542-708:ocx issued In Oregon between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1970 
SUZANNE A STRAUSS DOB: 12/xx/1978 Age: 31 
692•70voom Issued in Florkie between 1/1/1988 and 12131/1988 
SUZANNE trt STRAUSS DOB: 12rxx/1978 Age: 31 
592-70-um issued In Florida between 1/11198/ and 12/31/1918 
Active Address(es): 
41870 NW 93RD TER. PLANTATION Ft. 33322-4432, BROWARD COUNTY (Jul 1997 Nov 2009) 
Current Residents at Address: 
RAYMOND S PUMA JR 
S 
STRAUSS WILLIAM 
(Sep 2002 - Jan 2010) 
a
ll
irrent esidents at Address: 
(Sep 2002 - Jan 2003) 
ANITA D STRAUSS DOB: in/Xs/1946 DOD:11/1/2008 (BROWARD, FL) Age at Death: 63 (Born 64 years ago) 
140-34vcom issued in New Jersey between 1/1/1959 and 12/31(1961 
Names Associated with Relative: 
ANITA t3 STRAUSS DOB: lOncx/1945 DOO:11/1/2008 (BROWARD, FL) Age at Death: 63 (Born 64 yews ago) 
14044-xxxx issued In New Jersey between 1/1/1959 and 12/31/1901 
Active Address(es): 
41670 NW 93RD TER, PLANTATION FL 33322-4332, BROWARD COUNTY (Aug 1978 Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
RAYMOND S PUMA JR 
STRAUSS WILLIAM 
MISCHERISNIA 
AMIDE 
COBO MONICA DOB: 3/xx/1960 Age: 50 
058-76-xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1989 and 12/31/1990 
Names Associated with Relative: 
COBO MONICA DOB: 6/1960 Age. 49 
056-76-tax issued in New Yolk between 1/1/1989 and 12/31/1990 
COBO MOMCA DOB: 3/1960 Age: 60 
124-48vcax issued in New York between 1/1/1971 and 12/31/1972 
COBOFANDREY MONICA DOB: Mix/1950 Age: 50 
056.70.xca Issued in New York between 1/1/1989 and 12/31/1990 
MONICA F COBO DOB: 3/m/1960 Age: 50 
066.784= issued in New York between 1/1/1989 end 1241/1990 
MONICA F COBO DOB: 6/1960 Age: 49 
0515-76-xocx inued in Now York between 1/1/1989 and 12/31/1990 
MONICA F COBO DOB: 3txx/1960 Age: 50 
124-48-max issued in New York between 1/111971 and 12/31/1972 
MONICA FATIMA C080 DOB: 3/-0/1960 Age. 50 
124-484occx issued in New York between 1/1/1971 and 12/31/1972 
MONICA FATIMA COBO DOB: 3/md1960 Age. 50 
068-764cax issued in New York between 1/1/1989 and 12/31/1990 
MONICA J COBO DOB: Mod1960 Age. 50 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729183
--- PAGE 36 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 34 of 51 
066-7Bc000r issued in New York between 1/1/1969 and 12/31/1990 
MONICA J C060 DOB: 6(1960 Age: 49 
056-78-xocic issued in New York between 1/1/1989 and 12131/1990 
MONICA COBO GAMBINO DOB: 3/xx/1960 Age: 50 
056-760cca issued in New York between 1/1/1989 and 12/31/1990 
MONICA COBO PALERMO DOB: 34041960 Age: 60 
056-7(Aocca issued n New York between 1/1/1989 and 12/31/1090 
MONICA COBO•FANDREY 
DOB: 3bcd1980 Age: 60 
MONICA F COBO-GAMBINO DOB: 30041960 Age: 50 
016-78-icom issued in New York between 1/1/1989 and 12/3111990 
MONICA F C080-GAMBINO DOB. 6Mx/1960 Age: 49 
056-76-xmx Issued in New York between 1/1(1989 and 12/31/1990 
MONICA COBO-PALERMO DOB: 3/m/1960 Ago: 60 
058-76nuot Issued in New York between 1/1/1989 and 12/31/1990 
MONICA COBOFANDREY DOB: 3noc/1960 Age: 60 
056-784,0/8 Issued in New York between 1/1/1989 and 12131/1990 
MONICA F COBOGAMBINO DOB: 34)0950 Age: 60 
056-76-max Issued in New York between 111/1989 and 12131/1990 
MONICA F COBOGAMBINO DOB: 8/1960 Age: 49 
056-76-rica Issued in New York between 1/1/1989 and 12/31/1990 
MONICA COBOPALERMO DOB: 3/4/1960 Age: 50 
056.70-nxx Issued ri New York between 111/1969 and 12/31/1990 
MONICA COBO FANDREY DOS: 3/xx/1960 Age: 50 
058-70ucxxx Issued Si New York between 1/1/1969 and 12/31/1990 
MONICA C GAMBINO DOB: 30941960 Age: 50 
066-76.9ax Issued Si New York between 1/1/1069 and 12/31/1990 
MONICA F GAMBINO DOB: 3/xx/1980 Age: 50 
056-76-tccx Issued Si New York between 1/1/1989 and 12/31/1990 
MONICA F GAMBINO DOB: 611960 Age. 49 
056-76-min issued in New York between 1/1(1989 and 1241/1990 
MONICA COBO PALERMO DOB: 34x/1960 Age: 60 
056-76-xax issued Si New York between 1/1/1989 and 12031/1990 
MONICA F PALERMO DOB: 3441960 Age: 60 
056-76-zoot issued n New York between 1/1/1969 and 1241/1990 
Active Address(es): 
Current Residents at 
rein: 
RICHARD DAVID FANDREY 
GUSTAVO FERNANDEZ 
JEANETTE ANN PADILLA 
DELFIN PADRON 
Previous And Non-Verttled Address(es): 
(Jan 1998 - Dec 2009) 
(Dec 1997 - Feb 2010) 
urrentes
s: 
COBO MONICA 
FREDDY VILLAVICENCIO 
MARIA C080 
SOLEDA FANDREY 
Cu 
at this address: 
r elit
t
MAX CLASSIC 
MAX CLASSIC 
Possible Rotative: 
TRACEY ANN BROKELSCHEN DOB: 3/941966 Age: 43 
049430-xxxx Issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/3111971 
Names Associated with Relative: 
TRACEY JOHNSON DOS: 3/941966 Age: 43 
049-50-mca Issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31(1971 
TRACY A EIROCKELSCHEN DOB: 30001966 Age: 43 
049-50-cooc Issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31(1971 
TRACY A BROKELSCHEN DOB: 31904 966 Age: 43 
049-50duca Issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/3171971 
TRACY A GAMBINO DOB: 3/m/1966Age: 43 
049-60-au Issued Si Connecticut between 1(1/1970 and 12/31(1971 
TRACY B GAMBINO DOB: 3/0/1966 Age: 43 
049-50.max issued fri Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 1241/1971 
TRACY A JOHNSON D013: 3/941968 Age: 43 
049-50ucca issued Si Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31(1971 
TRACY A JOHNSON DOB: 310/1966 Age: 43 
049-50-mca issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 1241/1971 
TRACY ANN JOHNSON DOB: 3/m/1900 Age: 43 
049-50-mx issued Si Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1971 
Active Address(es): 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729184
--- PAGE 37 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 35 of 51 
ob 2000 • Jun 2008) 
JOHNSON RACHEL 
Previous And Non-Verified Addresslost-
(Sep 2005 • Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
JAMES A BOAK 
PATRICIA A ESPINOZA 
TRACEY ANN BROKELSCHEN 
COREY BROKELSCHEN 
KELSEY E CARUSO 
nide
(Sep 2008 • Dec 2009) 
Current Residents at Address: 
TRACEY ANN BROKELSCHEN 
2006 - Jul 2009/ 
Current /r
ents at Address: 
LYNN 
DELGRECO 
KEIT 
S KILEY SR 
ANDREW F RIVECCIO 
KEITH C IOLEY JR 
ERICA AA KILEY 
ERMA CHRISTANI 
ISHRISTANI 
ERMA 
alt 
BROKELSCHEN BARBARA 
Possible Relative: 
B A BROKELSCHEN DOB: 8hod1938 Age. 71 
046.30-xxxx issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1954 and 12/31/1957 
Names Associated with Relative: 
BARBAA A BROKELSCHEN DOB: 8/w/1938 Age: 71 
048•30-xxxx issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1954 and 1241/1957 
BARBARA A BRIKELSCHEN DOB: 8hod1938 Age: 71 
040-30dxxx issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1954 end 1241/1147 
BARBARA A BROKELCHEN DOB: 8/1938 Age: 71 
048-304xxx issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1954 and 12/31/1957 
BARBARA A BROKELSCHEN DOB: 8/n/1938 Age 71 
04640- xx issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1954 and 124111957 
BARBARA. BROKELSCHEN DOB: 8hodt 938 Age: 71 
046-30-uxx issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1954 and 12/31/1957 
BARBARA BROKELSCHEN. DOW 8ficc/19341 Age: 71 
046-30-touc issued in Connecticut between 14/1954 end 1241/1957 
BARBARA BROKEL SCH ON DOB: W0931 Age: 71 
046-30-wocx issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1954 and 12/31/1957 
Active Address(es): 
(Jan 1975 - Jan 2010) 
Current es 
imina
Jan 2006 • Oct 2008) 
NTY (Oct 1999/ 
lay 1997) 
Aug 1992 • Nov 1992) 
p PROTO JEANETTE 
(Jun 1990 - Sep 1991 
BRAIN' BROKELSCHEN DOB. afiod1967 Age: 42 
0.40.63-xxxx issued In Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 1241/1971 
Nameskssoclated with Relative: 
BRIAN 
BROKELSCHEN DOB: 4/n/1087 Age: 42 
04q,50ocoacisstied in Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1971 
BRIAN 
BROKELSCHEN SR DOB: 4/xx11969 Age: 40 
049-50ouco( issued In Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1971 
BRIAN BROKE/SCHER DOB: ~967 Age: 42 
049-50-mu issued In Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1971 
GEORGE BRIAN BROKELSCHEN DOB: 4/n/1067 Age: 42 
D49•50-xxxx issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1971 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729185
--- PAGE 38 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 36 of 51 
Active AddressImi): 
(Jun 1987 - Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
BA Bsr
LSCHEN 
BRAIN 
BROKELSCHEN 
ALTS 
BROKEISCHEN 
WILLIAM MAFOCONDI 
actiAsp STEFKO 
BRIAN I BROKELSCHEN JR 
UGGIERO 
BROKELSCHEN BARBARA 
2006• Jul 2008) 
BISON 
CRYSTAL 
ALISSA M BROKEISCHEN DOB: 7/Kx./1086 Age: 23 
040-80-tocxx issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1886 and 12/3111987 
Names Associated with Relative: 
ALISSA M BROKELSCHEN DOB: 7hod1986 Age: 23 
040404i= issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1986 and 12/31/1987 
Active Addis:isles): 
(Aug 1998 Dec 20CIIN 
Current Residents at Address: 
B A 01KELSCHEN 
BRAIN 
BROKELSCHEN 
ALISSA M BROKEISCHEN 
WILLIAM MARICONDI 
RICHA
 STEFKO 
BRIAN I BROKELSCHEN JR 
ILIR
IBJ
AL
GGERO 
ROKELSCHEN BARBARA 
O GEORGE B BROKELSCHEN DOB: 10txx/1934 000:4/4/1995 Age at Death: 60 (Born 76 years ago) 
041-26-xma issued In Connecticut between 1/1/1936 and 12/31/1961 
Names Associated with Relative: 
I) GEORGE BRIAN BROKELSCHEN DOB: 10b3c11936 DOD:4/4/1995 Age at Death: 60 (Born 74 years ago) 
041.26•xxxx issued in Connecticut between 11111936 and 12/31/1951 
D GEORGE B BROKESCHEN DOD:414/1995 Age at Death: 60 (Born years ago) 
041.26•xxxx Issued in Genic:- tut tetat.'n 1'1:1010 and 12/31/1951 
Active Address(es): 
(Oct 1985 • Aug 2006) 
• 
Previous And Non-Verified Address(es): 
(Jan 1975) 
COREY BROKELSCHEN DOB: 1980 Age: 30 
042•02-xxia Issued m Connecticut between 31112001 and 1W112001 
(Mar 2006 - Jan 2010) 
wren 
ea 
at 
non 
ERIK N WANDELEAR 
JANIS M ROSS 
COREY BROKELSCHEN 
(Am 2006- Dec 2009) 
urre 
es en a 
ress: 
JAMES A SOAK 
PATRICIA A ESPINOZA 
TRACEYANN BROKELSCHEN 
COREY BROKELSCHEN 
KELSEY E CARUSO 
PATRICIA ESPINOZA 
LAURA LEE BRANGI DOB: 2no/1977 Age: 33 
049-54-xvoi issued in Connecticut between 111/1972 and 12/31/1973 
Name Associated with Relative: 
LAURA L BROKELSCHEN DOB: 2naril977 Age: 33 
049.64•xxxx issued In Connecticut between 1/111972 end 12/31/1973 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729186
--- PAGE 39 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 37 of 51 
LAURALEE FRANC) DOB: 2/xx/1977 Age: 33 
049.54-xxxx issue* r: Connecticut between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1973 
0010001 
urren p ones Ise a 
is a rim: 
MI
TrIBENE NORMAN 
MUTO 
MUTO ROBERT 
Nov 1995 • Am 2002) 
(Feb 1089 • Jul 2000) 
v 1997 - Mar 1998) 
SOR SONEAT11 
(Feb 1998) 
992 - Mar 1995) 
SALVATORE F GAMBINO 00B: 11/xx/1987 Age: 42 
083-52xxxx Issued in New York between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1974 
Names Associated with Relative: 
SALVATORE GAMBINO DOB: 11/xx/1987 Age: 42 
051-68-mta Issued in New York between 1/1/1983 and 12/31/1985 
SALVATORE GAMBINO DOB: 11/1:41967 Age: 42 
08232-cca issued in New York between 1/1/1972 arid 12/31/1974 
SALVATORE F GAMBINO DOB: 11ha/19137 Agec 42 
002-52-ata Issued in New York between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1974 
SALVATORE F GAMBINO DOB: 11b741987 Age: 42 
082-52-xma issued In Now York between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1974 
SALVATORE F GAMBINO DOB: 12/1987 Age:42 
092.52-iota issued M New York between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1974 
SALVATORE FRANK GAMBINO DOB: 11bad1987 Age: 42 
082-52-xca issued in New York between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1974 
SALVATORE GAMBIRO DOB: 11/mill9037 Age:42 
082-52-xca issued ki New York between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1974 
Previous And Non•Verilled Address(es): 
(Apr
"°3 • jan"")
(001996 • Jan 2010) 
(Jul 1999 - Sep 2007) 
GIST TRISHA 
(001 1996 - Sep 2007) 
2001 - Jan 2007) 
b 2006) 
May 2001 - Dec 2006) 
1985 Sep 2002) 
Feb 2001) 
1997 • Jan 1999) 
Possible Relative: 
ROSA LAMBERT DOB: lIncr/1959 Age: 50 
108.58.xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1978 and 12/31/1977 
Names Associated with Relative: 
ROSALIA GAMBINO DOS: 11hod1959 Age: 50 
106.58-xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1978 and 12/31/1977 
ROSALLA H LAMBERT DOB: 11/xx/1959 Age: 50 
t08.58-woor issued in New York between 1/1/1978 and 12/31/1977 
ROSALIA L LAMBERT DOB: 11/m11959 Age: 50 
108.68-xxxx issued in New York between UM 970 and 12/31/1977 
ROcal IA ROSALIA LAMBERT DOB: llfm/1959 Age: 50 
108-58-xmor issued in New Tod( between 1/1/1978 and 12/31/1977 
ROSALIA V LAMBERT DOB: 11/n/1959 Age: 50 
108-58-mx issued in New York between 1/1/1978 and 12/31/1977 
ROSALLA LAMBERT, DOB: 1 Itxxil 959 Age: 50 
108-58-xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1978 end 12/31/1977 
ROSALIE LAMBERT DOB: 11/xx/1059 Age: 50 
108-58-xxa issued in New York between 1/111976 and 12/31/1977 
ROSALIE LAMBERT DOE 11/Xx/1959 Ago: 50 
108-58-xmor issued in New York between 1/1/1975 and 12/31/1977 
Active Address(ee): 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729187
--- PAGE 40 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 38 of 51 
liginging
Nov 1984 - Jan 2010) 
ROSA LAMBERT 
FRANK M LAMBERTJR 
TARA M LAMBERT 
BIANCA IA LAMBERT 
NICOLE L LAMBERT 
FRANK T LAMBERT 
ZEN SALEEM 
Current phones listed at this address: 
LAMBERT ROSALIE 
(2007 - Oct 2009) 
( 2001 • 2007) 
MMIP. 
(Nov 1998 • Jun 2005) 
(Jan 1987 - Sep 2002) 
urrent 
at is a 
ress: 
GAMBINO ROSELYN 
GAMBINO ROSELYN 
(Nov 1984 • Jun 2902) 
IN 
mmiptim 
(Jul 1998) 
M=Il 
(Nov 1984 - Jan 1990) 
- Verified 
ago) • Ven6ed 
Verded 
ago) - Vended 
ago) - Verified 
ago) • Vended 
Verified 
D THOMAS GABINO 
DOB: 11624/193200D:7/12/2004 (NEW HAVEN, CT) Age at Death: 71 (Ban 77 years ago) 
Names Associated with Relative: 
THOMAS GAMBINO DOB: 11bodM2 DOD:711212004 (NEWHAVEN, CT) Age al Death: 71 (Born 77 years ago) 
082-28-xxxx issued in New York between 1/111961 and 12/3111983 
D THOMAS J GAMBINO DOB: 111o/1932 DOD:7/12/2004 (NEW HAVEN, Cl) Age at Death: 71 (Born 77 years 
072.28-xxxx issued in New York between 1/111951 and 12/31/1954 
et THOMAS J GAMBINO DOB: 193200D:7/122004 (NEW HAVEN, CT) Age at Death: 71 (Born 70 years ago) - 
062•28•xxxx issued In New York between 1/1/1961 and 12(3111953 
THOMAS J GAMBINO DOB: 11bod1932 DOD:7(1212004 (NEW HAVEN, CT) Age at Death: 71 (Born 77 years 
072-28-zonc issued In New York between 11111951 and 12131/1954 
D THOMAS I GAMBINO DOB. 11heril 932 DOD:7/12/2004 (NEW HAVEN, CT) Age at Death 71 (Born 77 years 
072.25-xxxx Issued In New York between 111(1981 and 12/3111084 
I) THOMASN J GAMBINO DOS: 11bcd1932 DOD:7/12/2004 (NEW HAVEN. CT) Age at Death: 71 (Born 77 years 
072-28-mocissuei in New York between 1/111951 and 12131/1954 
D TOM GAMBINO DOB: 11/xxJ1932 00D:7/12/2004 (NEW HAVEN, CT) Age at Death' 71 (Born 77 years ago) - 
072-28-xxxx Issued In New York between 1/1/1951 end 1241/1964 
Active Address(es): 
r=(Nev 
1988 • Jan 2010) 
Aug 1972 • Jun 2004) 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729188
--- PAGE 41 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 39 of 51 
(Feb 1994 • 2004) 
eliglaillM(Jan 
1983 • Dec 1990) 
ELIZABETH M GAMBINO DOB: 5haJ1971 Age: 38 
041•72•>soonssued In Connecticut between 1/1(1981 and 12/31/1982 
Names Associated with Relative: 
ELIZABETH M GAMBINO DOB: 5/1971 Age: 38 
058-05-xxxx issued In New York between 1/1/1938 and 12/31/1951 
ELIZABETH M GIAMATTEI DOB: 5hor./1971 Age: 38 
041.72•xxxx issued In Connecticut between 111/1981 and 12/31/1982 
ELIZABETH GIAMETTI DOS: 6/xx/1971 Age: 38 
041.72•xxxx Issued in Connecticut between 111/1981 and 12/31/1982 
ELIZABETH GRAMITA DOB: 511971 Age: 38 
041.72-xxxx issued in Connecticut between 1(1/1981 and 12/31/1982 
ELIZABETH OFtAMITA DOB: 5/1971 Age: 38 
058.05-rax issued in New York between 1/1/1936 and 12/31/1951 
ELIZABETH MIGLIARO DOB: 51w/197i Age: 38 
041.72-xxxx issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1981 and 12/31/1982 
ELIZABETH M MIGLIARO DOB: 5/xx/1971 Age: 38 
058-05-xxxx *sued in New York between 1/1/1938 and 12/31/1951 
ELIZABETH M MIGLIARO DOB: 5/xx/1971 Age: 35 
041-72-xxxx issued In Connecticut between 1/1/1981 and 12/31/1982 
ERLIZABE GIAMATTEI DOB: 6/1971 Age: 38 
041.72-xxxx Issued in COnneCtICtit between 1/1/1981 and 12/31/1982 
Active Address(es): 
437 FRANK ST. BRANFORD CT 06405-4808, NEW HAVEN COUNTY (Sep 2008 - Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
ELIZABETH IA GAMBINO 
MALAY REMOS JR 
NIKOLAS F RAMOS 
Current 
t
Ah
thtz address: 
TTEI ELIZABETH 
- 
2008) 
(Apr 2002 - Apr 2008) 
aa
-1( 
(per 2003 - Nov 2007) 
c 1998 • Nov 2005) 
FECCI LOUIS 
aO'DONOGHUE 
PATRICK 
( 1907 - Nov 2004) 
(Aug 1999 - Dec 2001) 
Curt 
t this address: 
ANDS JOHN 
ARTLEY JEFFREY 
Jul 1996 Jan 1999) 
V GAMBINO DOB. Moat 935 Age 74 
062-28-wocr Issued in New York between 1/1/1951 and 12/31/1953 
Names Associated with Relative: 
ROSELYAN V GAMBINO DOB: fltxx/1935 Age: 74 
082-28-xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1951 and 12/31/1953 
ROSELYN GAMBINO DOB: BMW '935 Age: 74 
082-28400rx issued in New York between 1/1/1951 and 12/31/1953 
ROSELYN GAMBINO DOW 6/xx/1935 Age: 74 
062-284stxx issued in New York between 1/1/1951 and 12/31/1963 
ROSELYN V GAMBINO DOB. Shoc/1935 Ape 74 
072-28-xxxx issued In New York between 1/1/1951 and 12/31/1954 
ROSELYN V GAMBINO DOB: tibuI1935 Age: 74 
052-28-xxxx issued In New York between 1/1/1951 and 12/31/1953 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729189
--- PAGE 42 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 40 of 51 
ROSELYN V GAMBINO DOS: 13/xx/1935 Age 74 
108.58-xxxx issued in New York between 1/1/1978 and 12/3111977 
ROSELYN GAMBINO TR DOB: 813x/1935 Age: 74 
052•2800to Issued In New York between 1/1/1951 and 12/31/1953 
ROSELYN GAMBINO, DOB: 8/x41935 Age: 74 
082.28•noa Issued in New Yak between 1/1/1961 and 12/31/1963 
Active Address(ee): 
urren es en a 
ROSA LAMBERT 
FRANK M LAMBERT JR 
TARA M LAMBERT 
BLANCA IA LAMBERT 
NICOLE L LAMBERT 
FRANK T LAMBERT 
ZEN SALEEM 
LAMBERT 
ROSALIE 
(Jan 1984 - Jan 2010) 
(Mar 2001 Nov 2009) 
2009) 
(Jun 1989 - 2007) 
a 
e a ress: 
LAUNDRY ASSOCIATES 
XU JIDONG 
• 
(Jun 1989 • 2007) 
UMM 
a 
a 
ress: 
SPLASH 
(Jan 1984. 2007) 
(Jun 2005) 
(Feb 1994 - Jun 2005) 
an 2004) 
1976. Jul me) 
COLEEN QUINN Age. 
047-50-33Oct Issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12131/1971 
Names Associated with Relative: 
COLLEEN GAMBINO DOB: 705/1964 Age: 45 
047-50-xxxx issued In Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1971 
COLLEEN J GAMBINO 
DOB: 7/xx/1963 Age: 45 
COLLEEN J GAMBINO DOB: 70801984 Age: 46 
047-60-xXXX Issues In Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1971 
COLLEEN J JENKINS DOB: ThrJ1963 Age: 48 
047-50-xxim issued In Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/3111971 
COLLEEN J JENKINS DOB: 71)301964 Age:46 
047.60.xxxx issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1971 
COLLEEN JOSEPHINE LAUDANO DOB: 7/1963 Age: 48 
047.50•xxxx issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/3111971 
COLLEEN QUINN D08: 7/x01063 Age. 48 
047.50.xxxx Issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1971 
COLLEEN QUINN DOB: 7hzdt 964 Age 45 
047-50-mx issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1971 
COLLEEN J QUINN DOB: 70x/1953 Age: 46 
047-50ooda issued in Connecbcut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1971 
COLLEEN J GUINN DOB: 7041964 Age: 45 
047-50-xca Issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1971 
COLLEEN JOSEPHINE GUINN DOB: 7/1963 Age:46 
047.50•'x'' Issued In Connecticut between 1/111970 and 12131/1071 
COLEEN J JENKINS Age. 
047.50•xea Issued In Connecticut between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1971 
Previous And Non-Waled Address(es): 
anent Residents at Ad • toss: 
COLEEN QUINN 
PALMER 
(Jan 2006 • Jan 2010) 
(Aug 1997 - Jan 2010) 
littps://secure.accurintcom/app/bps/report 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729190
--- PAGE 43 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 41 of 51 
(Jul 2009) 
TERRY A PROVITE 
LATONYA MICHELLE SMITH 
SHONTAE I EDWARDS 
SAMANTHA SHEA 
JOSEPIN.TRRETT 
MARVIN 
WILSON 
EUGE1 
ANDERSON 
ANTONIO FORTES 
SAM HECHT 
1987 Jan 1999) 
Ctillilli 
at this address: 
VEFLPLAETSE L & F 
CECILIA VILLAVICENCIO DOB: 50301956 Age: 53 
769-42-zooc issued in Florida between 9/1/2005 and 12/1/2005 
Names Associated with Relative: 
CECILIA VILLAVICENCIO DOB: 5/o11956 Age: 53 
23842-max issued In North Camilna between 1/11/971 and 12/31/1972 
CECILIA D VILLAVICENCIO DOB: 5/xxJ1956 Age: 53 
769-42.9snoc issued in Florida between 911(2005 and 12/1/2005 
CECILIA DORI VILLAVICENCIO DOB: 50W1958 Age: 53 
238-02oxa Issued in North Carolina between 1/1/1971 and 12(31/1072 
DORIS C COBO 
DOB: Mot/1955 Age: 53 
DORIS CECILIA VILLAVICENCIO DOB: 50W1958 Age: 63 
759-42-icax Issued in Florida between 9/1/2005 and 12/1/2005 
Active Address es : 
y 2002 -.Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
CECILIA VILLAVICENCIO 
FEDDY M V1LLAVIOENCIO 
FREDDY X VILIAVICENCIO 
Possible Relative: 
FEDDY M V1LLAVIOENCIO DOB: I/roc/1957 Age: 63 
59041docct Issued In Florida between 6/1/1990 and 11/1/1990 
Names Associated with Relative: 
FREDDY MILTON VILIAVICENCIO DOB: Mcd1957 Age: 53 
590-61-xxxx Issued in Florida between 6/1/1996 and 11/1/1996 
FREDDY M VILIAYCENCIO SR DOB. 1/xV1957 Age: 69 
690-61-xxxx issued In Florida between 8(1/1996 and 11/1/1096 
Active Address(es): 
Alli t.....111
(Apr 2002 - Jan 2010) 
amen 
es On 
a 
CECILIA VILLAVICENCIO 
FEDDY M VILLAVIOENCIO 
FREDDY X VILLAVICENCIO 
2005 Dec 2005) 
WI 
. Aug 2002) 
May 2002) 
- Apr 1999) 
Jan 1998) 
FREDDY X VILLAVICENCIO Age: 
088-78-xxix leaned In New York between 1/1/1991 end 12131/1992 
Names Associated with Relative: 
FREDDY XAVIER VILLAVICENCIO DOB: 7/vx/1982 Age: 27 
https://secure.accurint.conilapp/bpsfreport 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729191
--- PAGE 44 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 42 of 51 
771-284/Km/ issued in Florida between 73/2004 and 5/312004 
(May 2002 • Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
CECILIA VILLAVICENCIO 
F EDDY PA VILLAVIOENCIO 
FREDDY X VILLAVICENCIO 
Previous And Non-Verified Address es : 
2009) 
ar 2004) 
SOLEDA FANDREY Age: 
266•25wotxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1970 
Previous And Non-Verilled Address(es): 
(Jon 2010 Feb 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
COBO MONICA 
FREDDY VILLAVICENCIO 
MARIA C080 
(Jan 2010 Feb 2010) 
PAULA B FANDREY DOB: gtax/1955 Age: 54 
297.37-xxxx issued in Fiords between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1972 
Names Associated with Relative: 
PAULA I. FANDREY DOB: Iiihad1955 Age: 64 
267.37-wax issued in Florida between 1/1/1972 and 12131/1972 
PAULA I FANDREY DOB: 1956 Age: 64 
267.37-wax issued in Florida between 1/1/1972 and 1241/1972 
PAULA LYNN PREMUROSO DOB: 917e/1955 Age: 54 
267-37-nax issued in Florlda between 1/1/1972 and 1241/1972 
PAULA LYNN ROSE DOB: 9, /1955 Age: 54 
267-37-rax Issued In Florida between 1/1/1972 and 1241/1972 
Active Address(es): 
If 
(Dec 2007 - Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
PAULA B FANDREY 
Current 
at this address: 
III 
ROSE PAULA 
MITCHELL JOHN L JR 
(Sep 1999 - Feb 2008) 
(Nov 2004 - Dee 2006) 
143 OLD 
r A, 
• 
, 
OUNTY (May 2002 - Mar 2005) 
DREYER FREDERICK 
PREMUROSO RAYMOND 
(Feb1994 • Oct 1999) 
OBRIEN JAMES P 
Possible Relative: 
JEAN C JACOBSEN DOB: 4tax/1938 Age: 71 
007-36-xtxx issued in Maine between 1/1/1955 and 1241/1956 
Names Associated with Relative: 
JEAN C PREMUROSO DOB. 4/xxJ19313 Age: 71 
00746-wax issued in Maine between 1/111965 and 1241/1956 
JEAN C PREMUROSO DOB nxx/1938 Age: 71 
049-86-arcx issued in Connecticut between tPU19110 and 124111992 
JEAN C MOUE DOB: 4ho4938 Age 71 
007-36-xxcx issued in Maine beween 1/1/1955 and 12131/1958 
Active Address(es): 
(Sep 2000 - Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
JEAN C JACOBSEN 
RAYMOND L PREMUROSO 
PREMUROSO RAYMOND 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729192
--- PAGE 45 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 43 of 51 
:Feb 2008 • Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
JEAN C JACOBSEN 
SARAH N V1GUE 
SARAH MAE RICHARD 
JAMES PAUL RICHARD 
BAUMGARDENER TRACY 
EMIIIIIIIII 
1987 - Dec 1990) 
(Jan 1986) 
Cu-
-
r 
this address: 
NNEY KATHLEEN 
4327 LILAC ST. PALM BCH CONS FL 33410-4615. PALM BEACH COUNTY (Apr 1985) 
Possible Relative: 
EYUIND H JACOBSEN DOB: 9/xx/1932 DOD11/10/2005 (ST. LUCIE, FL) Age at Death: 74 Mom 77 years ago) 
048-24-xxxi issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1936 and 1241/1961 
Names Associated with Relative: 
EYUIND H JACOBSEN 00B: 9/xx/1933 DOD:11/10/2008 (ST. LUCIE, FL) Ape at Death: 74 (Ban 76 years ago) 
048-24-roacissued in Connecticut between 1/1/1936 and 12/314951 
D EWIND H JACOBSEN DOB: 9/xxr1932 DOD 11/10/!006 (ST. LUCIE. FL) Ago at Death: 74 (Born 77 years ago) 
048-24m3oorissued In Connecticut between 1/1/1936 and 12(31/1951 
▪ 
EWIND H JACOBSEN DOB. 9491933 DOD:11/102006 (ST. LUCIE, FL) Age at Death: 74 (Born 76 years ago) 
048-24mica issued in Connecticut between 11111938 and 12/31/1951 
▪ 
EYVIND H JACOBSEN 008: 1933 DOD:11/10/2006 (St LUCE, FL) Age et Death. 74 (Ban 77 years ago) 
048-34-xxxx Issued In Connecticut between 111/1960 and 12/31/1982 
• 
EYVIND H JACOBSEN DOB 9h0J1932 DOD:11/1012006 (ST. LUCIE, FL) Age at Death: 74 (Ban 77 years ago) 
212.08-xxxx Issued in Maryland between 1/1/1986 and 1241/1986 
• 
EYVIND H JACOBSEN DOB. 9/m/1932 DOD:11/10/2006 (ST. LUCIE, FL) Age at Death: 74 (Born 77 years ago) 
212-20-xxxx issued in Maryland between 1/1/1938 and 12/31/1951 
D EYUIND JACOBSON DOB: evxx/1932 DOD:11/1012006 (ST. LUCIE, FL) Age at Death: 74 (Born 77 years ago) 
045•24-xxxx Issued in Connecbcut between 1/1/1936 and 12/31/1951 
• 
EYV1ND JACOBSON DOB: 9/xx/1933 DOD:11/10/2006 (ST. LUCIE, FL) Age at Death: 74 (Born 76 years ago) 
048•24•noot issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1936 and 12/31/1951 
D 
EYYIND H JACOBSON 009 9/1932 DOD:11/10/2008 (ST. LUCIE, FL) Age at Death: 74 (Born 77 years ago) 
048,24-noa Issued In Connecticut between 1/1/1936 and 12/31/1951 
• 
EYYIND H JACONSON DOB: 9hod1932 DOD:11/10/2006 (ST. LUCE, FL) Age at Death: 74 (Born 77 years ago) 
948-24-xna issued In Connecticut between 1/1/1935 and 12/31/1951 
O 
EYYINO JACOBSON DOB. 9/1932 DOD:11/10/2006 (ST. LUCIE, FL) Age al Death: 74 (Born 77 years ago) 
048-24-xxxx issued in Connecticut between 1/1/1938 end 12/31/1861 
Active Address es : 
( 2001 - Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
ANN JACOBSEN 
JACOBSEN A 
Previous And Non-Vedfled Addresslesl 
(Jan 1987 - Mar 2002) 
aNFILIPPO 
JEANMARI 
MASTROIANNI CATHERINE 
https://secure.accurint.com/app/bpsire-port 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729193
--- PAGE 46 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 44 of 51 
ANN JACOBSEN DOB: 12/xx/1938 Age: 71 
593-38-xxxx issued In Florida between ill/1986 and 12/31/1988 
Names Associated with Relative: 
ANN JACOBSON DOB: 12/m/1938 Age: 71 
593-38-xxxx issued in Florida between 1/111989 and 12/31/1988 
JACOBSEN ANN DOB. 12/n/1938 Age 71 
593.38•xxxz issued in Florida between 1/1/1986 and 12/31/1988 
Active Address(es): 
2001 • Jan 2010) 
Currant Residents at Address: 
JN 
JACOBSEN A 
(Jan 1987 - Aix 2002) 
• 
a
(Jun 1988) 
PREMUROSO A RAY 008: 11/xx/1900 Age: 49 
262-57-mocx issued m Florida between 1/1/1974 and 12/3111974 
Names Associated with Relative: 
PREMUROSO SERVIC DOB: 111ex/1960 Age: 49 
262-57-xmx issued in Florida between 1/1/1974 and 12/31/1974 
RAY PREMUROSO DOB: 11noui 960 Age 49 
262-67-motx issued In Flonda between 1/1/1974 and 12/31/1974 
RAYMOND I. PREMUROSO DOB: 1 thod1980 Age: 49 
282-57 Atm issued In Florets between 1/1/1974 and 12/31/1974 
RAYMOND P PREMUROSO DOS: 11/xx/1960 Age: 49 
282-57-xxor Issued in Florida between 1/1/1974 and 12/31/1974 
RAYMOND J PREMUROSO DOB: Ilfreft960Age: 49 
282-57-motx Issued in Flodtle between 1/1/1974 and 12/31/1074 
RAYMOND P PREMUROSO DOB: 11/xxJ1960 Age: 49 
262-674xa Issued In Florida between 1/1/1974 and 12/31/1974 
RAYMOND P PREMUROSO DOB: 1961 Age:49 
262.57•xxxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1974 and 12/31/1974 
RAYMOND P PREMURSO DOS: 11/1960 Age:49 
26247-tau issued in Florida between 1/1/1974 and 12/31/1974 
RAYMOND P PREMURSO DOB. 1961 Age: 49 
202-67-eta Issued in Florida between 1/1/1974 and 12/31/1974 
RAYMOND PRENUROSO DOB: 1 thedl 960 Age: 49 
059-26-mcoc issued In New York between 1/1/1936 and 12/31/1951 
Active Address(es): 
(May 
2004 - Dec 2009) 
LINDA L PREMUROSO 
PREMUROSO A RAY 
ROBERT PREMOROSO 
IlREMUROSO ROBERT G 
Previous And Non-Vedfled Address(es): 
(Jul 2006 - Feb 2010) 
Current Residents at Addres►: 
GRETCHEN BEICAH CERNY 
PREMUROSO A MY 
SIDMIARTH DINESHCHANDRA SHAH 
 bid 1999 - Feb 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
JEFFREY D MCNEILLY 
LAURA MCNElL 
PREMUROSO A RAY 
CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL MCNEILL 
CHRIS S PREMUROSO 
ED ALEXANDER MCNEILL 
NEILL I. 
Jan 2000 
2004) 
PREMUROSO RAYMOND 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729194
--- PAGE 47 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 45 of 51 
Vll/ri 
I I I 3.• 
Curren 
T
rim 
•.• 
(May 2000- May 2001) 
at this address: 
PAPPAS JAMES 
PAPPAS JAMES 
(Mar 1994 • Sep 2000) 
rilliaJan 
1983 - Nov 1999) 
IMPELLIZZE RI JAMES 
• 
Possible Relative: 
LINDA L PREMUROSO DOB: 1/n/1985 Age 45 
589-03-xtre Issued in Florida between 1/1/1981 and 12/91/1981 
Names Associated with Relative: 
LYNDA L BOUTON COB: 1h3d11385 Age: 45 
589-03-mots issued in Florida between 1/1/1981 and 12/31/1981 
LYNDA B PREMSUROSO DOB: Ihm/1985 Age: 45 
589-03-roca issued in Florida between 1/1/1981 and 1201/1981 
LYNDA BOUTON PREMUROSO DOB. lhott1965 Age: 45 
589-03-,coot issued in Florida between 1/1/1981 and 12/31/1981 
LYNDA L PREMUROSO DOS I/ex/1965 Ago: 45 
589-03-zoot issued in Florida between 1/1/1981 and 12/31/1981 
Active Address(ee): 
Id Current Residents in
r
cv
Ad 
1994 - Jan 2010) 
LINDA L PREMUROSO 
PREMUROSO A RAY 
ROBERT PREMUROSO 
PREMUROSO ROBERT G 
Nov 1989 - Jun 2008) 
OUTON ALLEN 
Previous And Non-Verified Address es 
BOUTON YVONNE 
IMMIN 
(Mar 1985 - Jul 1994) 
(May 1988) 
EON COUNTY (Mar 1985) 
MINIIIIIII3TONE JOHN A 
PAULA CAMPBELL DOB: 4/xx/1900 Age: 49 
287-43->cocc issued in Florida between 1/1/1973 and 12/31/1973 
Names AssoclMad with Relative: 
PAULA. CAMPBELL DOS: 1960 Age: 50 
3.xxxx issued In Florida between 1/1/1973 and 12/31/1973 
PAULA 
CAMPBELL DOB: 4 
X 
/XV1960 Age: 49 
3-smut:sued in Flbrkla between 1/1/1973 and 12/3171973 
PAULA C PRAMUROSO DOB: ahm/1900 Age: 49 
287-43-xxxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1973 and 12/31/1973 
PAULA C PREMUROSO DOB: 4ixx/1900 Apt 49 
287J3-szore issued in Florida between 1/1/1973 and 12/31/1973 
PAULA. PREMUROSO DOB: 4/xx/1980 Age: 49 
283) 1
• 3-xmocissued in Florida between 1/1/1973 and 12/31/1973 
PAULA 
PREMUROSO DOB: 4hw/1960 Age: 49 
3-xmx issued in Florida between 1/1/1973 and 12431/1973 
PAULAA PREMURSO DOB: 4/m/1960 Age: 49 
3-xxxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1973 and 12/31/1973 
PAULA C TILLER DOE: 4bcd1980 Age: 49 
287 3-xxxx issued in Florida between 11111973 and 12/31/1973 
, 
PAULA 
TILLER DOB: 4bod1980 Age. 49 
-43-moce issued In Florida bohnon 1/1/1973 and 12/31/1973 
Actin Addr
ain
sies : 
..... 
( 1999 • Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
PAULA CAMPBELL 
FRANKLIN CARLYLE TILLER JR 
CHRIS S PREMUROSO 
FRANKLIN CARLYLE TILLER III 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729195
--- PAGE 48 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 46 of 51 
SISMSIONNINIONOIRMINIMPLIPIPPRAug 
2003. 2009) 
Current Residents al Address: 
SANDRA GAIL CAMPBELL 
LARRY DEAN CAMPBELL 
THEODORE EDWARD CAMPBELL 
Current phones listed at this address: 
PSELL LARRY 
Jun 2002) 
• May 2001) 
Currant phones listed at this address: 
IlleAPPAS 
JAMES 
APPAS JAMES 
ur 
a 
a rasa: 
ITZGERALD DOROTHY 
(Nov 1995 • an 1997) 
Dec 1992) 
(Jan lau • Dec 1992) 
ileageigil KLEINMAN M 
LAURA MCNEIL DOB: 71w/1963 Age*. 46 
261.77-xxxx issued in Florida between 11111977 and 12131/1977 
Names Associated with Rotative: 
LAURA KAY MCNEILL DOS: 7/w/1963 Age: 46 
201.77•xxxx issued in Florida between 1/111977 and 12/31/1977 
LAURA SHW F LETT MCNEILL DOB: 7/xx/1963 Age: 46 
281.77xxxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1977 and 12/3111977 
LAURA K PREMUROSO DOB: 7hoc/1983 Age: 46 
281-77-woocissued in Florida between 1/1/1977 and 12/31/1977 
LAURA K SHIFFLETT DOB: 7/n/1963 Age: 46 
261-774oxc issued in Florida between 1/1/1977 and 12/31/1977 
AcUve Addross(es): 
Current Residents at Address: 
JEFFREY 0 MCNEILLY 
LAURA MCNEIL 
PREMUROSO A MY 
CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL MCNEILL 
CHRIS S PREMUROSO 
JARED ALEXANDER MCNEILL 
ail 
MCNEILL L 
(Oct 1999 - Jan 2010) 
Pr v • us And Non•Verified Address es • 
IMPELLIZZERI JAMES 
MIIIIIMINIMIMMIIIIIIIMsep 
1996. Jul 19981 
RUMSEY CHRIS & JESSICA 
MISACHEIU. 
JEFFREY 
HOGUE JOAN T 
PUIG SAYLI 
(Mar 1984 • Jun 1997) 
eb 1989) 
(Mar 1984 Sep 1986) 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729196
--- PAGE 49 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 47 of 51 
(Mar 1984 • Mar 1986) 
ROBERT PREMOROSO DOB: 12/1965 Age: 44 
263-774ccoc issued in Florida between 1/1/1977 and 12/31/1977 
Names Associated with Reletive: 
ROBERT PREMUROSA DOB: 12noc/1966 Age 44 
263.77-xxxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1977 and 12/31/1977 
ROBERT G PREMUROSE DOB: 12/W1965Age: 44 
263-774aocx issued in Florida between 1/1/1977 and 12/31/1977 
ROBERT G PREMUROSEO DOB: 18643 Age: 44 
263-77-xxxx issued in Florida between 1/1/1977 end 12/31/1977 
ROBERT G PREMUROSO DOB: 12hout985 Age: 44 
283-77-xoca issued in Florida between 1/1/1977 and 12/31/1977 
ROBERT G PREMUROSO DOB. 1966 Age: 44 
263.77-moot issued in Florida between 1/1/1977 and 12/31/1977 
ROBERT GERARD PREMUROSO DOB: 12/x41985 Age 44 
Z63-77-cox issued in Florida between 1/1/1977 and 12/31/1977 
Active Address(es): 
Ana 
Current Residents at Address: 
LINDA L PREMUROSO 
PREMUROSO A RAY 
ROBERT PREMOROSO 
IIIIIIIIMPREMUROSO ROBERT G 
Previous And Non-Verified Addms(ell): 
Elllignilblilifill SMITH LEROY 
lill
Current 
at this address: 
BOUTON WONNE 
•
Current hones listed et this address: 
FITZGERALD DOROTHY 
PAUL, PREMUROSO 
Age: 
Previous And Non-Verified Address es 
KLEINMAN M L 
RICHAD PREMUROSO DOB: 9/1958 Age: 53 
204.27•xxxx Issued In Florida between 1/1/1970 end 12/31/1970 
Names Associated with Relative: 
RICHARD PREMAUROSO DOB: 9/xx/I956 Age: 63 
264.27-0cocwsued 
Florida between 1/111970 and 12/31/1970 
RICHARD PREMUROSA DOB: Otoc/1456 Age: 53 
284.27-xgoc issued in Florida between 1/1/1970 and 12/31/1970 
RICHARD PREMUROSH DOB: 9/40956 Age: 63 
264-27-xcot Issued In Florida between 1/111970 end 12/31/1970 
RICHARD PREMUROSO DOS: 9he41956 Age: 53 
264.27•xxxx issued In Florida between 1/1/1970 and 1241/1970 
RICHARD PREWLOSO 008: Shot/1956 Age: 53 
264-27-xxxx issued in Solids between 111/1970 and 12/31/1070 
Active Address(es): 
(Nov 1994 - Jan 2010) 
• 
Mar 1984 - Aug 1994) 
(Oct 1986) 
- Apr 1986) 
(Apr 1985) 
1985) 
(Jan 1990 - Dec 1990) 
eb 1987) 
Feb 1964• Jan 2010) 
!rent a 
ems at 
ress:
illig
MUROSO 
PREMUROSOI 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729197
--- PAGE 50 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 48 of 51 
CHRIS S PREMUROSO DOB: Mix/1969 Age: 20 
592-86xxicx Issued in Florida between 1/1/1969 and 12131/1990 
Names Associated with Relative: 
CHRISTOPHE PREMUROSO DOB: 9(o11989 Age: 20 
592.86400m issued in Florida between 1/1/1989 and 12/31/1990 
CHRISTOPHER STEVEN PREMUROSO DOB: 9/5a/1989 Age: 20 
592.68-xxxx issued in Florida between 10/1989 end 12/31/1990 
Previous And NonNerif led Address(es): 
Dec 2005-Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
JEFFREY D MCNEILLY 
LAURA MCNEIL 
PREMUROSO A MY 
CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL MCNEILL 
CHRIS S PREMUROSO 
AL KANDER MCNEILL 
MCNEILL L 
(Oct 2004 - Dec 2009) 
Current Residents at Address: 
PAULA CAMPBELL 
FRANKUN CARLYLE TILLER JR 
CHRIS S PREMUROSO 
FRANKLIN CARLYLE TILLER III 
TILLER F CARLYLE JR 
RONAL PREMUROSO DOS: t thwi953 Age: 56 
264.19-xxxx Issued in Florida between 1/1/1969 and 12/31/1969 
Names Associated with Relative: 
RONALD F PREMEROSO DOB: 11bcd1953 Age: 56 
264.19•xpw Head In Florida between 1/1/1969 end 12/31/1969 
RONALD F PREMUROSO DOB: iloa/1953 Age: 56 
264.19.xix< issued in Florida between 1/1/1969 and 12/31/1969 
RONALD F PREMUROSO DOB: 1954 Age: 56 
264.194axx issued In Florida between 1/10969 and 12/31/1969 
RONALD FRANK PREMUROSO D06: 11/wd1953 Age. 66 
284-19-xm Issued in Florida between 1/1/1989 arid 12/31/1969 
Active Addressint: 
 N (Jul 2000 - 2005) 
1s
t
Current 
this address: 
REMUROSO RAYMOND 
Previous And Non-Verified Addrossles): 
( 2003 Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
SHARON BRAY 
RONAL PREMUROSO 
GRAY S L 
(Jul 2000 • Sep 2008) 
2002 - Jun 2004) 
Current 
at this address: 
OLOBERG CATHY & CY 
DREYER FREDERICK 
RICE ANN 
(Jun 2002 - Aug 20031 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729198
--- PAGE 51 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 49 of 51 
mMitigripipm 
(Feb 2001) 
Possible Relative: 
SHARON BRAY DOB: 12/1958 Age: 51 
008.62-Iona issued In Maine between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1973 
Names Associated with Relative: 
SHARON 14 OALL DOB: 12/1958 Age: 51 
006-82-xxxx issued in Maine between 11111972 and 12/31/1973 
SHEERY L VAZOUEZ DOB. 12/xx/1958 Age: 61 
006-62-xxxx issued in Maine between 1/1/1972 and 12/3111973 
SHERRY LYNN GRAY DOB: 12/i3/1958 Age: 51 
006•62vocxx issued in Maine between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1973 
SHERRY M GRAY DOB: 12/xx/1958 Age: 61 
006•62•ziocx issued in Makie between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1973 
SHERRY L MACLEOD DOB: 12/1958 Age: 51 
006.62•xxxx issued in Maine between 1/1/1972 and 12/3111973 
SHERRY LYNN PREMUROSO DOB: 12/xx/1958 Age: 51 
006.62-xxxx issued in Maine between 111/1972 and 12/31/1973 
SHERRY L VASQUEZ DOB: 12/a/1958 Age: 51 
008.62-xxxx issued in Maine between 1/1/1972 and 12/31/1973 
SHERRY LYNN VAZOUEZ DOB: t2/xx./1958 Age: 51 
006•62•xxxx issued in Maine between 111/1972 and 12/31/1973 
Aug 2008 - Jan 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
SHARON BRAY 
RONAL PREMUROSO 
GRAYS L 
urrent Residents at 
ress: 
LILY A PHILLIPS 
DEAN CRAWFORD PHILLIPS 
4,•••• 
I , 
v • inv.— (May 2003 • Sep 2005) 
(Aug 2002 - Sep 2005) 
CONNIE. J PREMUROSE DOB: 5/xx/1963 Age: 56 
553-74-xxa issued in California between 1/1/1984 and 12/31/1964 
Nana Associated with Relative: 
CONNIE F PREMUROSO DOB: 51xx/1953 Age: 56 
553.74000ac issued in California between 1/1/1984 and 12/31/1964 
CONNIE J PREMUROSO DOB: 5/xx/1953 Age: 56 
264.19-xxxx issued In Florida between 1/1/1969 and 12/31/1969 
CONNIE JO PREMUROSO DOB: 5/xx/1953 Age: 56 
553.74-xxxx issued in California between 1/1/1964 and 12/31/1964 
CONNIE L PREMUROSO DOB: 5/xx/1953 Age: 56 
553- 
it:co:issued in California between 1/1/1964 and 12/31/1964 
t 
CONNIE ■ PREMUROSO DOB: 5/ex/1953 Age: 58 
553- 
xxioc issued In California between 1/1/1964 and 12/31/1964 
CONNIE S PREMUROSO DOB: 5nAx/1953 Age: 56 
553-74-xxn issued In California between 111/1964 and 17/31/1964 
CONNIE J PRESSIUROSO DOB: 5/xx/1953 Age: 56 
553-74-xxxx issued In California between 1/1/1964 and 12/31/1064 
CONNIEJ PREMUROSO DOB: 5/xx/1953 Age: 56 
553.74-xxxx issued In California between 1/1/1904 and 12/31/1904 
STEPHE PREMUROSO DOB: 5P/x/1953 Age: 56 
553.74-xxxx issued In California between 1/1/1964 and 12/31/1904 
Active Acii ii
dres es i nniiii
(Jul 2001 • JIM 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
MICHAEL RODNEY BENNETT 
CONNIE J PREMUROSE 
PREMUROSO CONNIE 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729199
--- PAGE 52 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 50 of 51 
ago) 
RAYMOND L PREMUROSO DOB: 2hoO1928 Age: 84 
092•18-mxx issued in New York between 1/1/1936 and 12/3111951 
Names Associated with Relative: 
RAYMOND M PREMUROSO DOB: 2hoc/1928 Age: 84 
092-18-can Issued In New York between 1/1/1936 and 12/91/1951 
RAYMOND PREMUROSO PREMUROSO DOB: 21/031926 Age: 84 
092.18•xxis Issued In New York between 1/1/1936 end 12/31/1951 
Active Address(es): 
 2000 Jen 2010) 
Current Residents at Address: 
JEAN C JACOBSEN 
RAYMOND L PREMUROSO 
PREMUROSO RAYMOND 
(Jan 1985 - Jan 2004) 
r TLGILRAL I) DOROTHY 
• Dec 2006) 
Jan 2008) 
• Jun 2006) 
004 • Apr 2005) 
2004) 
Sep 2002) 
(Jun 2000) 
2003 • May 2003) 
Nov 1992) 
Possible Relative: 
ID ROSALIE PREMUROSO DOB: 2/0/1932 D00:11/1983 (PALM BEACH. FL) Ago at Death 51 (Born 78 years ago) 
059.26•xxxx issued n New York between 1/1/1936 and 12/31/1951 
Names Associated with Relative: 
Co ROSALIE PRENUROSO DOB: 2noc/1932 D01111/1883 (PALM BEACH, FL) Age at Death 51 (Born 78 years 
059-26-xxxx issued in New York between 11111936 and 12/31/1951 
Current 
nes listed at this address: 
ITZGERALD DOROTHY 
RAYMOND L PREMUROSO 
DOB: liva./1900 Age: 110 
Previous And Non•Verlfied Address(es): 
(Jan 2002 • Apr 2003) 
-ITZGERALD 
DOROTHY 
Source Information: 
All Sources 
011vOf Licenses 
Motor Vehicle Registrations 
Person Locator 1 
Voter Registrations 
Historical Person Locator 
Person Locator 2 
111 Source Document(s) 
Source Document(s) 
Souse Documents) 
Source Document(s) 
Source DocumerA(s) 
SOW* Document(s) 
Source Documeet(s) 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729200
--- PAGE 53 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Page 51 of 51 
Deed Transfers 
Tax Rasenor Records 
Uttity Locator 
Source Document(s) 
Source Document(s) 
Source Document(s) 
3/18/2010 
EFTA00729201

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729202.pdf
----------------------------------------
10:01 AM 
DANGENE MCKAY BAILEY (NY) 
03/25,10 
Cash Basis 
Profit & Loss 
November 2009 through February 2010 
Ordinary IncomeExpense 
Income 
Nov 09 
Dec 09 
Jan 10 
Feb 10 
TOTAL 
Retail Sales 
5,617.00 
5,627.00 
5,262.00 
3,024.00 
19,530.00 
Services 
104,203.83 
107,998.11 
128,873.23 
82,522.00 
423,597.17 
Sales Tax Vendor Collection Cre 
0.00 
199.94 
0.00 
0.00 
199.94 
Refund 
0.00 
-11,728.22 
-12,730.76 
0.00 
-24,458.98 
Total Income 
109,820.83 
102,096.83 
121,404.47 
85,546.00 
418,868.13 
Cost of Goods Sold 
Equipment Rental 
Dermaglow 
681.51 
3.00 
3.00 
606.51 
1,294.02 
Freya' Laser 
0.00 
3,476.00 
1.738.00 
1,738.00 
6,952.00 
Van lite laser system 
944.23 
944.23 
944.23 
944.23 
3,776.92 
LA 
0.00 
1,122.57 
0.00 
2,581.92 
3,704.49 
Equipment Rental • Other 
3,375.56 
11,792.75 
2.229.52 
0.00 
17,397.83 
Total Equipment Rental 
5,001.30 
17,338.55 
4,914.75 
5,870.66 
33,125.26 
Medical Supplies 
Revitalash 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
779.16 
779.16 
Abbe 
0.00 
222.03 
0.00 
119.32 
341.35 
Medical Supplies • Other 
3,682.83 
11,768.56 
6,433.73 
4,249.48 
26,134.60 
Total Medical Supplies 
3,682.83 
11,990.59 
6,433.73 
5,147.96 
27,255.11 
Total COGS 
8,684.13 
29,329.14 
11,348.48 
11,018.62 
60,380.37 
Gross Profit 
101,136.70 
72,767.69 
110,055.99 
74,527.38 
358,487.76 
Expense 
179 Expense - small assets 
1.085.00 
460.00 
0.00 
0.00 
1,545.00 
?? 
0.00 
0.00 
1,752.81 
0.00 
1,752.81 
Bank Service Charges 
194.00 
207.00 
178.00 
211.00 
790.00 
Commission Expense 
Pam 
0.00 
0.00 
750.00 
0.00 
750.00 
Total Commission Expense 
0.00 
0.00 
750.00 
0.00 
750.00 
Computer Expense 
IT 
0.00 
406.25 
0.00 
850.00 
1,256.25 
Repairs 
0.00 
0.00 
150.00 
0.00 
150.00 
Software 
198.95 
73.90 
212.63 
0.00 
485.48 
Website 
0.00 
0.00 
2,168.00 
0.00 
2.168.00 
Computer Expense • Other 
0.00 
0.00 
571.85 
0.00 
571.85 
Total Computer Expense 
198.95 
480.15 
3,102.48 
850.00 
4,631.58 
Consulting 
Michael Lahm 
0.00 
0.00 
3,500.00 
1,750.00 
5.250.00 
Total Consulting 
0.00 
0.00 
3,500.00 
1,750.00 
5.250.00 
Contributions 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
1,000.00 
1.000.00 
Credit Card Annual Fees 
2.500.00 
85.00 
0.00 
1,500.00 
4.085.00 
Credit Card Service Charge 
1.171.61 
6,031.81 
3,111.42 
609.30 
10,924.14 
Dues and Subscriptions 
214.13 
23.40 
37.17 
320.05 
594.75 
Finance Charges 
Clti..7479 
770.10 
848.54 
935.24 
0.00 
2,553.88 
BOA...5082 
384.02 
403.32 
415.72 
375.61 
1,578.67 
BOA...9747 
319.72 
308.58 
305.21 
0.00 
933.51 
United 4138 
328.48 
330.56 
293.42 
279.36 
1,231.82 
Total Finance Charges 
1,802.32 
1,891.00 
1,949.59 
654.97 
6,297.88 
Insurance 
Allstate 
118.59 
118.59 
0.00 
0.00 
237.18 
Premium Financing 
248.84 
261.28 
42.28 
0.00 
447.84 
Workers Comp 
0.00 
0.00 
555.40 
-2,162.45 
-1,607.05 
Total Insurance 
367.43 
379.87 
493.12 
-2,162.45 
-922.03 
Page 1 
EFTA00729202
--- PAGE 2 ---
10:01 AM 
DANGENE MCKAY BAILEY (NY) 
03+25!10 
Profit & Loss 
Cash Basis 
November 2009 through February 2010 
Nov 09 
Dec 09 
Jan 10 
Feb 10 
TOTAL 
Licenses and Permits 
0.00 
970.00 
0.00 
0.00 
970.00 
Local Travel (Petty Cash) 
3,000.00 
5,081.00 
7,761.00 
11,018.00 
26,860.00 
Marketing & Promotion 
0.00 
2,079.41 
0.00 
2,079.41 
4,158.82 
Meals and Entertainment 
270.68 
630.62 
3,226.63 
2,083.27 
6,211.20 
Miscellaneous 
70.59 
14.65 
310.00 
60.86 
456.10 
Office Supplies 
1,052.03 
1,542.80 
1,060.75 
992.29 
4,647.87 
Payroll Expense (Salaries) 
10,833.34 
10,833.34 
10,833.34 
10,833.34 
43,333.36 
Payroll Expenses 
96.03 
96.03 
144.53 
96.04 
432.63 
Payroll Taxes 
MCTMT 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
1,111.00 
1,111.00 
FICA 
828.75 
628.74 
828.75 
828.75 
3,314.99 
FUTA 
0.00 
0.00 
86.67 
25.33 
112.00 
NY SUI 
0.00 
0.00 
436.04 
248.21 
684.25 
Re-employment Service Fund 
0.00 
0.00 
8.13 
4.62 
12.75 
State Disability 
-5.20 
•520 
-5.20 
-5.20 
-20.80 
Total Payroll Taxes 
823.55 
823.54 
1,354.39 
2,212.71 
5,214.19 
Photography 
0.00 
0.00 
2,700.00 
2,700.00 
5,400.00 
Postage and Delivery 
397.18 
834.20 
729.49 
664.09 
2,624.96 
Professional Fees 
Singer Lewak 
0.00 
3,040.36 
0.00 
0.00 
3,040.36 
Accounting 
0.00 
0.00 
7,307.53 
8,610.00 
15,917.53 
Legal Fees 
266.79 
668.78 
0.00 
141.38 
1,076.95 
Total Professional Fees 
266.79 
3,709.14 
7,307.53 
8,751.38 
20,034.84 
Public Relations 
0.00 
0.00 
622.98 
0.00 
622.98 
Rent 
5.500.00 
5,500.00 
7,500.00 
7,500.00 
26,000.00 
Taxes 
LLC Fee 
0.00 
0.00 
25.00 
0.00 
25.00 
Total Taxes 
0.00 
0.00 
25.00 
0.00 
25.00 
Telephone 
878.29 
630.62 
739.21 
728.46 
2,976.58 
Transportation 
89.00 
89.00 
89.00 
0.00 
267.00 
Travel 
0.00 
-305.00 
0.00 
0.00 
-305.00 
Utilities 
Con Ed Refund 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
-2.066.92 
-2.066.92 
Gas and Electric 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
907.55 
907.55 
Gas and Electric & water 
472.70 
739.90 
0.00 
0.00 
1,212.60 
Total Utilities 
472.70 
739.90 
0.00 
-1,159.37 
53.23 
Total Expense 
31,283.62 
42,827.48 
59,278.44 
53,293.35 
186,682.89 
Net Ordinary Income 
69,853.08 
29,940.21 
50,777.55 
21,234.03 
171,804.87 
Other Income/Expense 
Other Income 
Tax Refund 
304.74 
0.00 
4,993.07 
0.00 
5,297.81 
Interest Income 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.13 
0.13 
Total Other income 
304.74 
0.00 
4,993.07 
0.13 
5,297.94 
Other Expense 
Home Expenses• NY 18C 
Allstate Insurance 
0.00 
0.00 
132.84 
132.84 
265.68 
NY 18C House Payment 
7,708.94 
7,708.94 
7,708.94 
7,689.28 
30,816.10 
NY 18C Condo Dues 
1,509.76 
1,509.76 
1,509.76 
3,142.17 
7,671.45 
NY 18C Electric 
217.63 
196.01 
120.59 
181.43 
715.66 
Total Homo Expenses- NY 18C 
9,436.33 
9,414.71 
9,472.13 
11,145.72 
39,468.89 
Home Expenses • NY 4B 
Allstate Insurance 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
89.00 
89.00 
NY 4B House Payment 
3,365.76 
3,365.76 
3,365.76 
3,365.76 
13,463.04 
NY 4B Condo Dues 
506.22 
506.22 
1,120.03 
506.22 
2,638.69 
NY 4B Electric 
57.95 
109.93 
87.18 
224.18 
479.24 
Total Home Expenses • NY 4B 
3,929.93 
3,981.91 
4,572.97 
4,185.16 
16,669.97 
Page 2 
EFTA00729203
--- PAGE 3 ---
10:01 AM 
DANGENE MCKAY BAILEY (NY) 
0325/10 
Cash Basis 
Profit & Loss 
November 2009 through February 2010 
Drawing 
Nov 09 
Dec 09 
Jan 10 
Feb 10 
TOTAL 
Travel 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
157.50 
157.50 
Repairs 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
475.30 
475.30 
Chase HELOC..0845 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
1,501.33 
1,501.33 
Cleaning 
0.00 
0.00 
117.50 
1,277.60 
1,395.10 
Groceries 
0.00 
0.00 
256.88 
0.00 
256.88 
Clothing 
0.00 
0.00 
1,187.87 
337.51 
1,525.38 
Tanning 
0.00 
0.00 
448.00 
0.00 
448.00 
Christmas Store 
0.00 
106.59 
0.00 
0.00 
106.59 
Costco 
0.00 
1,475.97 
0.00 
1,332.41 
2,808.38 
Auto 
0.00 
800.00 
0.00 
0.00 
800.00 
Saks 
0.00 
1.705.01 
0.00 
1,698.48 
3,403.49 
Divorce 
250.00 
0.00 
0.00 
400.00 
650.00 
Draw Schedule A Items 
Medical 
31.44 
3,165.00 
5,000.00 
6,442.00 
14,638.44 
NYS Estimated taxes 
1,712.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
1,712.00 
Total Draw Schedule A Items 
1,743.44 
3,165.00 
5,000.00 
6,442.00 
16,350.44 
Medquest 
1,551.09 
1,517.52 
199.28 
2,079.75 
5,347.64 
Auto Lease Payments 
1,064.55 
1,064.55 
1,064.55 
0.00 
3,193.65 
Apple Store 
267.09 
1,139.25 
0.00 
0.00 
1,406.34 
Cable 
272.60 
472.37 
185.50 
0.00 
930.47 
Health Insurance 
0.00 
1,148.00 
1,148.00 
2,296.00 
4,592.00 
Judy Cole 
1,000.00 
0.00 
1,000.00 
1,000.00 
3,000.00 
Life insurance 
269.79 
269.79 
269.79 
269.79 
1.079.16 
Robert McKay 
2,000.00 
2.000.00 
2,000.00 
2,000.00 
8.000.00 
Personal Expenses 
183.98 
56.63 
176.30 
251.28 
668.19 
Pet Care 
301.21 
626.11 
540.18 
1,298.13 
2,765.63 
Prirvint-loan from Tristi (NY) 
482.55 
466.98 
482.55 
482.55 
1,914.63 
Sweet Pea's 
122.50 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
122.50 
Neiman Marcus 
0.00 
286.07 
-272.19 
286.07 
299.95 
Total Drawing 
9.508.80 
16299.84 
13,804.21 
23,585.70 
63,198.55 
Interest Expense 
Pam del payroll 
0.00 
63627 
0.00 
0.00 
636.27 
Chase LOC..0845 
709.95 
679.60 
0.00 
699.08 
2,088.63 
Interest Expense - Other 
9.76 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
9.76 
Total Interest Expense 
719.71 
1,315.87 
0.00 
699.08 
2,734.66 
Fines and Penalties 
142.69 
843.34 
0.00 
0.00 
986.03 
Total Other Expense 
23,737.46 
31,855.67 
27,849.31 
39,615.66 
123,058.10 
Net Other Income 
-23,432.72 
-31,855.67 
-22,856.24 
49,615.53 
-117,760.16 
Net Income 
2018 
-1,915.48 
27,921.31 
-18,38140 
54,004.71 
Page 3 
EFTA00729204

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729205.pdf
----------------------------------------
12:01 PM 
01/26/10 
Cash Basis 
DANGENE MCKAY BAILEY (NY) 
Profit & Loss 
September through December 2009 
Ordinary Income/Expense 
Income 
Retail Sales 
Services 
Sales Tax Vendor Collection Cre 
Refund 
Total Income 
Cost of Goods Sold 
Equipment Rental 
Sep 09 
7,384.60 
89,161.18 
0.00 
0.00 
Oct 09 
7,798.00 
87,572.70 
0.00 
-1,050.00 
Nov 09 
5,617.00 
104,203.83 
0.00 
0.00 
Dec 09 
5,627.00 
107,998.11 
199.94 
-2,378.22 
TOTAL 
26,426.60 
388,935.82 
199.94 
-3,428.22 
96,545.78 
94,320.70 
109,820.83 
111,448.83 
412,134.14 
LA 
0.00 
2,412.76 
0.00 
1,12257 
3,535.33 
Equipment Rental -Other 
1,875.50 
7,927.35 
5,001.30 
8,583.21 
23,387.36 
Total Equipment Rental 
1,875.50 
10,340.11 
5,001.30 
9,705.78 
26,922.69 
Medical Supplies 
9,684.50 
7,792.86 
3,682.83 
11,996.64 
33,156.83 
Total COGS 
11,560.00 
18,132.97 
8,684.13 
21,702.42 
60,079.52 
Gross Profit 
84,985.78 
76,18723 
101.136.70 
89,744.41 
352,054.62 
Expense 
179 Expense 
0.00 
0.00 
1.085.00 
460.00 
1,545.00 
Bank Service Charges 
322.05 
161.30 
194.00 
100.00 
777.35 
Commission Expense -Gina 
16,935.80 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
16,935.80 
Computer Expense 
Repairs 
0.00 
250.00 
0.00 
0.00 
250.00 
IT 
300.00 
0.00 
0.00 
406.25 
706.25 
Hardware 
99.50 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
99.50 
Software 
128.95 
39110 
198.95 
73.90 
440.80 
Total Computer Expense 
528.45 
2891)0 
198.95 
480.15 
1.496.55 
Contributions 
50.00 
01)0 
0.00 
0.00 
5a 00 
Credit Card Annual Fee 
0.00 
01)0 
2,500.00 
85.00 
2.585.00 
Credit Card Service Charge 
655.19 
398.75 
1,171.61 
6.031.81 
8.257.36 
Dues and Subscriptions 
0.00 
01)0 
214.13 
0.00 
214.13 
Finance Charges 
Citi..7479 
0.00 
0.00 
770.10 
848.54 
1.618.64 
BOA...5082 
1.50 
18.13 
384.02 
403.32 
806.97 
BOA...9747 
330.65 
316.30 
319.72 
0.00 
966.67 
United 4138 
301.48 
355.38 
328.48 
330.56 
1,315.90 
Total Finance Charges 
633.63 
689.81 
1,802.32 
1,582.42 
4,708.18 
Insurance 
Premium Financing 
261.28 
26128 
248.84 
26128 
1,032.68 
Insurance -Other 
0.00 
80.57 
118.59 
118.59 
317.75 
Total Insurance 
261.28 
341.85 
367.43 
379.87 
1,350.43 
Licenses and Permits 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
970.00 
970.00 
Local Travel (Petty Cash) 
0.00 
8,948.70 
3,000.00 
5,081.00 
17,029.70 
Marketing & Promotion 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
2,079.41 
2,079.41 
Meals and Entertainment 
1,050.04 
1,119.92 
270.68 
210.65 
2,651.29 
Miscellaneous 
383.12 
906.70 
70.59 
0.00 
1,360.41 
Office Supplies 
950.25 
1,317.52 
1,052.03 
1,506.95 
4,826.75 
Payroll Expense (Salaries) 
7,046.80 
16,250.01 
10,833.34 
10,833.34 
44,963.49 
Payroll Expenses 
Profit Sharing Plan Fee 
0.00 
280.00 
0.00 
0.00 
280.00 
Payroll Expenses -Other 
175.46 
61.36 
96.03 
96.03 
428.88 
Total Payroll Expenses 
175.46 
341.36 
96.03 
96.03 
708.88 
Payroll Processing Fees 
51.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
51.00 
Payroll Taxes 
FICA 
414.37 
1,243.13 
828.75 
828.74 
3,314.99 
FUTA 
26.00 
30.00 
0.00 
0.00 
56.00 
NY SUI 
130.81 
211.31 
0.00 
0.00 
342.12 
Re-employment Service Fund 
2.44 
3.94 
0.00 
0.00 
6.38 
State Disability 
-2.60 
-7.80 
-5.20 
-5.20 
-20.80 
Total Payroll Taxes 
571.02 
1,480.58 
823.55 
823.54 
3,698.69 
Postage and Delivery 
857.99 
483.92 
397.18 
251.40 
1,990.49 
Page 1 
EFTA00729205
--- PAGE 2 ---
12:01 PM 
DANGENE MCKAY BAILEY (NY) 
01/26/10 
Cash Basis 
Profit & Loss 
September through December 2009 
Professional Fees 
Singer Lewak 
Accounting 
Legal Fees 
Total Professional Fees 
Rent 
Taxes 
NYC UBT TAX 
Sales Tax 
Sep 09 
0.00 
540.00 
1510.13 
2050.13 
5500.00 
0.00 
1.779.29 
Oct 09 
000 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
5500.00 
3.000.00 
0.00 
Nov 09 
0.00 
0.00 
266.79 
266.79 
5,500.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Dec 09 
3.040.36 
0.00 
668.78 
3,709.14 
5,500.00 
0.00 
0.00 
TOTAL 
3.040.36 
540.00 
2.445.70 
6.026.06 
22,000.00 
3.000.00 
1,779.29 
Total Taxes 
1,779.29 
3,000.00 
0.00 
0.00 
4,779.29 
Telephone 
774.89 
768.51 
878.29 
305.96 
2,727.65 
Transportation 
89.00 
0.00 
89.00 
89.00 
267.00 
Travel 
49.96 
133.72 
0.00 
-305.00 
-121.32 
Uniforms 
45.00 
42.30 
0.00 
0.00 
87.30 
Utilities 
Gas and Electric 8. water 
290.85 
501.00 
472.70 
739.90 
2.004.45 
Total Utilities 
290.85 
501.00 
472.70 
739.90 
2,004.45 
Total Expense 
41,051.20 
42.674.95 
31,283.62 
41,010.57 
156.020.34 
Net Ordinary Income 
43,934.58 
33.512.78 
69,853.08 
48,733.84 
196.034.28 
Other Income/Expense 
Other Income 
Tax Refund 
0.00 
0.00 
304.74 
0.00 
304.74 
Total Other Income 
0.00 
0.00 
304.74 
0.00 
304.74 
Other Expense 
Home Expenses- NY 18C 
NY 18C House Payment 
7.70804 
3,854.47 
7.708.94 
7.70044 
26,981.29 
NY 18C Condo Dues 
1.50076 
1.632.41 
1.50076 
1.509.76 
6,161.69 
NY 18C Electric 
679.95 
264.49 
217.63 
196.01 
1,358.08 
Total Home Expenses- NY 18C 
9,898.65 
5,751.37 
9,436.33 
9,414.71 
34,501.06 
Home Expenses - NY 4B 
NY 48 House Payment 
3.365.76 
3,365.76 
3.365.76 
3.365.76 
13,463.04 
NY 48 Condo Dues 
506.22 
613.81 
506.22 
506.22 
2,132.47 
NY 46 Electric 
94.19 
59.15 
57.95 
109.93 
321.22 
Total Home Expenses - NY 4B 
3,966.17 
4.038.72 
3,929.93 
3,981.91 
15916.73 
Drawing 
Auto 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
800.00 
800.00 
Saks 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
1.634.24 
1,634.24 
Divorce 
0.00 
0.00 
250.00 
0.00 
250.00 
Draw Schedule A Items 
California Taxes 
0.00 
7.528.00 
0.00 
0.00 
7,528.00 
Medical 
0.00 
175.00 
31.44 
3.165.00 
3.371.44 
NYS Estimated taxes 
4,220.00 
0.00 
1,712.00 
0.00 
5,932.00 
Total Draw Schedule A Items 
4220.00 
7,703.00 
1.743.44 
3.165.00 
16,831.44 
Medquest 
1.406.45 
191.77 
1.55109 
179.62 
3,328.93 
Auto Lease Payments 
0.00 
1,064.55 
1.064.55 
1.06455 
3,193.65 
Apple Store 
0.00 
0.00 
267.09 
504.05 
771.14 
Barney's 
2.106.73 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
2,106.73 
Cable 
328.74 
482.00 
272.60 
472.37 
1.555.71 
Car Detail 
0.00 
220.00 
0.00 
0.00 
220.00 
Dangene Bailey 
0.00 
148.55 
0.00 
0.00 
148.55 
Health Insurance 
1.14800 
2,296.00 
0.00 
1.148.00 
4.592.00 
Judy Cole 
2.00000 
2,000.00 
1.00000 
0.00 
5000.00 
Life Insurance 
111.75 
269.79 
269.79 
269.79 
921.12 
Robert McKay 
4.000.00 
4.000.00 
2.00000 
2.00000 
12.000.00 
Personal Expenses 
46.80 
408.69 
183.98 
0.00 
639.47 
Pet Care 
312.82 
4,547.93 
301.21 
504.11 
5666.07 
Prin/Int-loan from Tristi (NY) 
0.00 
373.58 
482.55 
466.98 
1,323.11 
Sweet Pea's 
0.00 
0.00 
122.50 
0.00 
122.50 
Neiman Marcus 
286.07 
231.63 
0.00 
286.07 
803.77 
Page 2 
EFTA00729206
--- PAGE 3 ---
12:01 PM 
01/26/10 
Cash Basis 
DANGENE MCKAY BAILEY (NY) 
Profit & Loss 
September through December 2009 
Sep 09 
Oct 09 
Nov 09 
Dec 09 
TOTAL 
Williams Sonoma 
112.52 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
112.52 
Total Drawing 
16,079.88 
23,937.49 
9,508.80 
12.494.78 
62.020.95 
Interest Expense 
Pam del payroll 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
636.27 
636.27 
Chase LOC..0845 
1,573.03 
732.56 
709.95 
67960 
3,695.14 
Interest Expense - Other 
0.00 
0.00 
9.76 
0.00 
9.76 
Total Interest Expense 
1,573.03 
732.56 
719.71 
1,315.87 
4,34117 
Fines and Penalties 
0.00 
0.00 
142.69 
843.34 
986.03 
Total Other Expense 
31,517.73 
34,460.14 
23,737.46 
28,050.61 
117,765.94 
Net Other Income 
-31,517.73 
-34,46014 
-23,432.72 
-28,050.61 
-117,461.20 
Net Income 
12,416.85 
-947.36 
46,420.36 
20,683.23 
78,573.08 
Page 3 
EFTA00729207

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729208.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
STATION PLACE 
100 F STREET. NE 
WASHINGTON. DC 20549 
Office of Freedom of Information 
& Privacy Act Operations 
Mail Stop 2736 
March 14, 2010 
Mr. Harry Susman 
Susman Godfrey LLP 
1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 5100 
Houston, TX 77002 
Re: Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), 5 U.S.C. § 552 
Request No. 10-04238-FOIA 
Dear Mr. Susman: 
This letter refers to your request, dated February 15, 2010 
and received in this office on February 18, 2010, for 
information concerning Highbridge Capital Management, LLC from 
January 1, 2002 through February 11, 2010. 
Under the Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. § 552 
(a) (6) and 17 CFR § 200.80(d)(5)-(7)) the Commission must 
determine within 20 business days after the receipt of the request 
whether to comply with such request and notify the requestor of 
the decision. This letter is to notify you that your request is 
being processed. We will not be able to complete the processing 
of your request within this timeframe due to the need to search 
for and collect the requested records from field facilities or 
other establishments that are separate from this office. 
As soon as the responsive records are received from the 
appropriate office, I will review the records and provide further 
response to your request within 30 working days. If you would 
like to modify your request to enable us to respond within a 
shorter time frame, or if you would like to arrange an 
alternative time frame for the processing of your request, 
please contact me as soon as possible. 
EFTA00729208
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mr. Harry Susman 
March 14, 2010 
Page 2 
10-04238-FOIA 
If you have any questions, please contact me by email at 
or by telephone at 
. If you 
cannot reach me please contact Ms. Celia Winter by calling 
r by sending an e-mail to foiapa@sec.gov.
Sincerely, 
Mark P. Siford 
FOIA/Privacy Act Attorney Advisor 
EFTA00729209

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729210.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729210.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
STATION PLACE 
100 F STREET. NE 
WASHINGTON. DC 20549-2736 
Office of Freedom of Information 
& Privacy Act Operations 
April 21, 2010 
Mr. Harry Susman 
Susman Godfrey LLP 
1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 5100 
Houston, TX 77002 
Re: Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), 5 U.S.C. § 552 
Request No. 10-04240-FOIA 
Dear Mr. Susman: 
This letter is a partial response to your request, dated 
February 15, 2010 and received in this office on February 18, 
2010, for certain information concerning Daniel B. Zwirn in 
connection with Highbridge Capital Management LLC and associated 
entities. 
Based on the information you provided in your request, we 
conducted a thorough search of the Commission's various systems 
of records, but did not locate or identify any consumer/investor 
complaints responsive to your request. 
If you still have reason to believe that the Commission 
maintains the type of information you seek, please provide us 
with additional information, which could prompt another search. 
Otherwise, we consider this portion of your request to be 
closed. 
You have the right to appeal the adequacy of our search or 
finding of no responsive information to our General Counsel under 
U.S.C. § 552(a)(6), 17 CFR § 200.80(d) (5) and (6). Your appeal 
must be in writing, clearly marked "Freedom of Information Act 
Appeal," and should identify the requested records. The appeal 
may include facts and authorities you consider appropriate. 
EFTA00729210
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mr. Harry Susman 
April 21, 2010 
Page 2 
10-04240-FOIA 
Send your appeal to the FOIA/Privacy Act Office of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission located at Station Place, 100 F 
Street NE, Mail Stop 2736, Washington, D.C. 20549, or deliver it 
to Room 1120 at that address. Also, send a copy to the SEC 
Office of the General Counsel, Mail Stop 9612, or deliver it to 
Room 1120 at the Station Place address. 
Further, we are still consulting with other Commission staff 
regarding investigative information that may be responsive to your 
request. We will advise you of our findings as soon as we receive 
a response. 
If you have any questions, please contact me by email at 
or by telephone at 
If you 
cannot reach me please contact Ms. Celia Winter by calling ■ 
or by sending an e-mail to foiapa@sec.gov.
Sincerely, 
Mark P. Siford 
FOIA/Privacy Act Attorney Advisor 
EFTA00729211

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729212.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729212.pdf
----------------------------------------
WOODSON C. MERRELL, M.D. 
EAST 67th STREET 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10065 
Telephone: (212) 535-1012 
Fax: (212) 535-1172 
Date: 
October 26, 2010 
Patient: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
DOB: 
1/20/1953 
Test: 
Stress Echocardiogram 
Diagnosis: 
High Cholesterol - 272.0 
High Triglycerides - 272.2 
Location: 
New York Cardiology Associates 
425 East 61''' Street 
Call to make appointment. 
Reminders: Check with your insurance company regarding pre-certification 
requirements. 
Special Instructions: 
EFTA00729212

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729213.pdf
----------------------------------------
WOODSON C. MERRELL, M.D. 
EAST 67th STREET 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10065 
Telephone: (212) 535-1012 
Fax: (212) 535-1172 
Date: 
March 3, 2010 
Patient: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
DOB: 
1/20/ 1953 
Test: 
Stress Echocardiogram 
Diagnosis: 
CAD - 414.00 
High Triglycerides - 272.2 
Call to make appointment. 
Reminders: Check with your insurance company regarding pre-certification 
requirements. 
Special Instructions: 
EFTA00729213

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729214.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729214.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT FOR THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR 
PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
FILE NO. 502008CP003626XXXXMB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
PLAINTIFF'S REQUEST FOR ENTRY UPON LAND 
Comes Now Plaintiff, 
by and through undersigned counsel and pursuant to 
1.350(a)(3) Fla.R.Civ.P., and requests the following: 
1. 
To enter Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's property located at 358 El Brillo Way, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33480. 
2. 
Inspect the entire property located at that location, including but not limited 
to the driveway, the interior of the house, each and every room in the house, 
the massage table, the backyard, the swimming area and all other areas 
located on said property. 
3. 
To take video and/or photographs of the property and inspection. 
According to the Palm Beach County Property Appraiser, this property is 
approximately 14,223, exclusive of the outside area, and thus it is anticipated that the 
inspection will take approximately 4 hours. In addition to the undersigned, the inspection 
will be attended by other lawyers with the law firm of Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, a 
videographer and members of the video team, a photographer and members of the 
photography team and other persons to assist in the process. These people attending the 
inspection are available for the inspection to take place on Friday, August 28, 2009 to 
begin at the property at 10:00 a.m. The undersigned will work with Defendant to agree on 
a mutually acceptable time and date above is not convenient for Defendant. 
EFTA00729214
--- PAGE 2 ---
WHEREFORE, the Plaintiff respectfully requests that this Court enter an Order 
granting it's Request for Entry Upon Land requiring the Defendant, Epstein, to schedule such 
entry on Friday, August 28, 2009 at 10:00 a.m., or in the alternative, no later than twenty 
days following entry of the Court's Order granting same. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing was served by mail this 10th day of 
August, 2009 to: Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Critton, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, 
Suite 400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33394 
Telephone (954) 522-3456 
Telecopier (954) 527-8663 
By. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EdvrardsU3JE Casa 
(09-22783)‘Request for Entry Upon Land.doc 
William J. Berger 
Florida Bar N . 197 
EFTA00729215

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729216.pdf
----------------------------------------
BLU EGOLD 
Central Banks' Losses from EURUSD this Year: USD300 
Billion and Counting 
Stephen L Jen 
May 6, 2010 
Bottom line: Central banks have sustained USD300 billion in valuation losses 
(YTD) from the depreciating euro. The level of angst at these central banks 
may be elevated now and the risks are rising that some of these central banks 
de-rate the euro. Total foreign currency reserves held by all central bank have 
reached USD9.0 trillion, with the top-8 reserve holders managing some US$5.3 
trillion. Of this latter amount, US$1.55 trillion (or 30% of the total) is held in 
euros. Corresponding to the 10% depreciation in EURUSD year-to-date, the 
top-8 reserve holders may have suffered close to USD200 billion in valuation 
losses, and for all central banks the total valuation loss has been around 
USD300 billion. We guesstimate that China (SAFE) may have suffered a 
US$80 billion in EUR valuation losses, US$14 billion for Russia, and US$7 
billion for Korea. These figures do not include actual and potential further 
losses on their underlying holdings of European bonds. If EURUSD trades 
down to 1.2150, all of the monetary gains from the dollar-to-euro 
diversification in the past decade will be lost (1) Central banks' reserve 
managers are presumably reconsidering their dollar-diversification strategy, 
now that the euro is also found to be less than a perfect `anti-dollar'. (2) The 
risks of further declines in the euro and a possible debt rescheduling in Europe 
are likely to be sources of additional worries for central banks with large 
exposures to the euro. (3) In addition to central banks being concerned about 
the euro, the euro-selling process has only just begun for the large real money 
institutional funds, and the potential for much larger funds to reduce their euro 
exposures is significant. Since January, my mental target for EURUSD has 
been 1.20. However, I now think the risk to EURUSD is heavily biased to the 
downside relative to this figure. 
Central bank reserves. In the past decade, the top 8 reserve holders in the 
world bought close to US$1.5 trillion worth of EURs. This `dollar 
diversification' became particularly aggressive since 2002. The thesis, 
presumably, was that the dollar was losing its hegemonic reserve currency 
status in an increasingly globalised world. Not only were the US economic and 
Page I 1 
EFTA00729216
--- PAGE 2 ---
social fundamentals deteriorating, but the rise of Europe and Asia would 
ultimately supplant the dollar and the US' dominance in the world, so the 
argument went. Since the EUR offered most liquidity - among the alternative 
reserve currencies to the dollar, an aggressive dollar diversification campaign 
by global central banks has helped propel EURUSD higher during most of the 
2OOOs. 
400.0 
Bll $ 
300.0 
200.0 
100.0 
-200.0 
Valuation changes of EUR for Top 8 Reserve Holders 
EMIValuation changes (911) 
—Cumulative valuation changes ($B11) 
t 
A 
cis yr .'
Off' Os= ON' 
Ql 
sp 
163 
pe 
Oe. 
O#  PO /iSt O.1/ PO 
Os
O i 
di Pi di di 
48$' 
Valuation losses from the EUR weakness. As the EUR weakens, however, 
these central banks have suffered very large valuation losses. The exhibit above 
shows the quarterly EURUSD valuation changes (the bars in the chart) and the 
cumulative valuation changes since 1999 (the line in the chart), which is a proxy 
for the monetary value of USD diversification into the EUR. The episodes of 
USD strength in 2005 and 2008 are visible in the chart, so is the latest sell-off in 
the EUR. In fact, the cumulative benefits of dollar-to-euro diversification since 
end-1999 for the top-8 reserve holders are US$84 billion, down from a peak of 
US$343 in mid-2008. In other words, the cumulative benefits of dollar 
diversification since 1998 are a modest 5.6% of the total reserve holdings, and 
the same level of gains were reached in 2003, i.e., there has been no net change 
in the benefits from diversification in close to eight years. 
If EURUSD trades down to 1.2150, the cumulative benefits from dollar-to-euro 
diversification since the launch of the euro would be nil. 
Being the largest foreign currency reserve holder in the world, China has 
suffered EURUSD valuation losses of about US$8O billion so far this year. 
This is a large amount even for SAFE. To put this figure into perspective, 
Page 12 
EFTA00729217
--- PAGE 3 ---
US$80 billion is equivalent to 5 months of China's trade surplus in 2009, or 80 
million-worker-years, i.e., this is equivalent to the total annual wages of 80 
million workers. 
Potential losses on European bond holdings. The managers of large EUR 
reserves are likely to be worried about the euro, but are also likely to be 
uncomfortable with the potential losses from potential defaults or debt 
rescheduling. My own view is that an eventual debt rescheduling is probable 
for Greece and Portugal, and will inflict further losses on central banks. 
The table below shows the relative size of the government debt for selected 
European countries. Since we do not have information on the specific 
breakdown, by country, of the European bond holdings by central banks, we 
have had to come up with some guesstimates. We made the conservative 
assumption that central banks have a disproportionately high exposure to 
German bunds and low exposure to the PIIGS bonds. But even with our 
conservative assumption, we find that it is possible that global central banks 
have close to a third of their EUR holdings in PIIGS bonds, and possibly 5% 
(about USD140 billion) or so in Greek and Portuguese bonds. A 30% haircut, 
which I think is likely, would imply a USD42 billion potential loss for the 
world's central banks, or USD22 billion or so in losses for the top-8 reserve 
holders. These figures are for indicative purposes only. Clearly if the size of 
the haircut is larger than 30% or if other countries also reschedule their debt, the 
losses would be much bigger. 
(USS Bins) 
Gov't 
Debt 1/ 
% of 
Total 
Possible 2/ 
C8 Portfolio 
CB Reserves 3/ 
Top-8 
All 
EUR Total 
11,321 
100% 
1,550 
3,000 
GER 
1,508 
13.3% 
35.0% 
543 
1,050 
PIIGS Total 
3,909 
34.5% 
30.0% 
465 
900 
POR 
182 
1.6% 
1.4% 
IRE 
135 
1.2% 
1.0% 
ITA 
2,567 
22.7% 
19.7% 
305 
591 
GRE 
428 
3.8% 
3.3% 
SPA 
597 
5.3% 
4.6% 
138 
Sources : Hover, Bluegold 
1/Gov't Debt also includes local central bank's holdings of its own debt and other forms of non•bond debt. 
2/These are our guestimates of the portfolio allocation of reserves in the European sovereign bond markets. 
3/Total central bank reserves held in Euros, by the top 8 reserves holders, and byall central banks; 
in billions of dollars. 
Page I 3 
EFTA00729218
--- PAGE 4 ---
An expanding universe of EUR sellers. Back in February, I wrote a note' 
arguing that the fixation on the IMM/CFTC short positions in EURUSD was 
misplaced, and that there would likely be different and bigger waves of new 
sellers of euros that would push EURUSD lower. Short-squeezes, despite the 
large reported EUR-shorts, will be more modest and more temporary than many 
may think, because of the expanding universe of potential EUR sellers: 
There has been a curious amount of attention paid to the IMM/CFTC 
position in EURUSD, which shows a `record short' of around USD 9 
billion. Both foreign exchange professionals and those outside the trade 
seem to be convinced that investors are very short the EUR. We believe this 
fixation on such a narrow measure of market position is mis-leading. First, 
the !MM/CFTC data captures trades by CTAs, which have only USD70 
billion under management, equivalent to around 0.09% of the global 
managed asset universe. Second, the absolute size of the EUR short is 
equivalent to around 1.3% of the daily turnover in EURUSD. Third, the big 
issue here is whether real money accounts (pension funds and life insurance 
companies) and central banks may de-rate their opinions of the EUR, just as 
they de-rated their views on the dollar in 2002-08. In my opinion, an 
`expanding universe' of EUR-sellers will likely keep these 'short-squeezes' 
small in size, and help power a protracted downward trend in EURUSD. 
CIA L0.1 
Assets under Management 
Private Equity 
0.9 
Hedge Funds IN 
2.0 
SWF IME 
3.6 
CB Reserves 
9.0 
Insurance 
17.0 
Mutual Funds 
18.9 
Pension Funds 
30.0 
Sources :Mckinsey, Bluegold, IFSL Research 
The big sellers of EURs so far have been the CTAs and hedge funds, which, as 
the chart above shows, together control `only' US$2.1 trillion in AUM. Central 
'An Expanding Universe of EUR Sellers,' (February 24, 2010). 
Page I 4 
EFTA00729219
--- PAGE 5 ---
bank reserve managers — who have US$9.0 trillion in AUM - have not yet, as 
far as I can tell, materially altered their reserve management strategy, but may 
be on the verge of doing so. However, the large valuation losses sustained by 
central banks, as discussed above, will likely compel some central banks to at 
least curtail their diversification program and possibly even liquidate some of 
their exposures to the PIIGS bonds. 
Similarly, the real money accounts (insurance companies, mutual funds, and 
pension funds) which have an aggregate US$66 trillion in AUM may also be on 
the verge of de-rating the euro. My own guess is that, while the US real money 
accounts have already started de-rating the EUR, the European counterparts 
have by and large not commenced this process, as most of their overseas 
investments are still fully hedged back into the EUR. As it becomes clear to 
these portfolio managers that the structural problems in the EMU will not be 
resolved in the short-term, it is likely that these hedge ratios be reduced. 
In sum, there is potentially much larger EUR selling in the weeks ahead than 
what has already taken place so far. 
Bottom line. In this sell-off in EURUSD, central banks have sustained large 
valuation losses. In fact, the cumulative benefits of diversifying from the dollar 
to the euro in the past decade have dwindled significantly, and would 
completely evaporate if EURUSD trades down to 1.2150. In my view, it is 
likely that some central banks may be contemplating reducing their exposure to 
the EUR and European bonds. Real money accounts (e.g., pension funds, 
insurance companies) are likely to be going through the same EUR de-rating 
process. 
Recent Notes 
Central Banks' Losses from EURUSD this Year: USD300 Billion and Counting, May 6, 2010 
On the Eroding Reserve Currency Status of the EUR, April 13, 2010 
Will Greece be the Next Argentina? April 9, 2010 
Sovereign Pension Funds: Approaching US$5.0 Trillion in AUM, March 31, 2010 
SWFs after the Financial Crisis: Bigger and Stronger, March 24, 2010 
EMU's Challenges: Ex Ante and Ex Post, March 19, 2010 
Page I S 
EFTA00729220
--- PAGE 6 ---
The World's Two Currency Zones Under Pressure, March 11, 2010 
Is Greece Illiquid or Insolvent? March 3, 2010 
An Expanding Universe of EUR Sellers, February 24, 2010. 
A Basket-Band-Crawl (BBC) Regime for the Chinese RMB, February 18, 2010 
Bills for the 'Free' Greek Lunch, February 11, 2010 
Berlin vs. Athens: Why Berlin Blinked First, February 10, 2010 
From Synchronous to Divergent Financial Policies, January 22, 2010 
US Likely to Significantly Out-Perform Euroland in 2010, January 6, 2010 
Déjà vu 2005: Fed Tightening, Strong USD, Higher Oil, December 18, 2009 
The Dollar to Smile against the EUR and the JPY. December 15.2009 
The RMB could Potentially be Re-Floated next Spring, December 14, 2009 
Dubai (and the) World: Plenty of Shock but Little Awe, November 27, 2009 
EM Central Banks' Gold-Buying Capacity, November 23, 2009 
On the Link between the Dollar and Crude Oil, November 20, 2009 
Inventory-Shipment Clock: Still on Script, November 9, 2009 
A Historical Perspective on the USD's Reserve Currency Status, October 29, 2009 
Active versus Passive Foreign Reserve Diversification, October 21.2009 
A Recovery in Global Trade could Push Oil to US$87, October I5, 2009. 
Return of the Global Savings Glut, Stephen Jen. August 27, 2009. 
Falling into the Gutter of the Dollar Smile, Stephen Jen, August 14, 2009. 
GBP/USD and USDJPY to Rise with Equities, Stephen Jen and Neel Patel, August 7, 2009. 
Further Deterioration in the US Consumer Confidence Indices: but Do They Matter? Stephen L Jen and Kieran 
Fontaine, July 31, 2009. 
Anticipating a Global Export Recovery, Stephen L Jen and Louis Goh, July 29, 2009. 
An Inventory-Shipment Clock, Stephen L Jen and Kieran Fontaine, July 17, 2009. 
DISCLAIMER 
This email has been prepared by BlueGold Capital Management LIP. BlueGold Capital Management LIP is authorised and 
regulated by the FSA in the UK. 
The distribution of this email may be restricted in certain jurisdictions and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any 
person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. 
It is the responsibility of any person or persons reading this document to inform themselves of, and to observe, all 
applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction including obtaining any governmental or other consent which 
may be required or observing any other formality which needs to be observed in that jurisdiction. 
Page 16 
EFTA00729221
--- PAGE 7 ---
This email has been prepared solely for the information of the person to whom it has been delivered. It is not addressed to 
and should not be passed on to any other person and may not be used by them for any purpose whatsoever. The 
information contained herein may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any recipient for any purpose without 
prior written consent BlueGold Capital Management LLP. 
BlueGold Capital Management LLP is not hereby arranging or agreeing to arrange any transaction in any investment 
whatsoever. This email does not constitute or form part of any offer to issue or sell, or any solicitation or any offer to 
subscribe or purchase, any investment nor shall it or the fact of Its distribution form the basis of, or be relied on in 
connection with, any contract therefore. 
No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information and opinions contained in this email or their accuracy or 
completeness. Opinions and views expressed reflect only current views and may be changed without notice. Opinions 
expressed may differ from views expressed in other emails or documents. The information is not intended to provide and 
should not be relied upon for investment, accounting, legal or tax advice. Recipients should consult their tax, legal, 
accounting or other advisors about the issues discussed herein. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is given as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or opinions contained in this document by any of 
BlueGold Capital Management LLP, its members, employees or affiliates and no liability Is accepted by such persons for the 
accuracy or completeness of any such information or opinions, and nothing contained herein shall be relied upon as a 
promise or representation whether as to past or future performance. Past performance is not guarantee of future results. 
Page 17 
EFTA00729222

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729223.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729223.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-ev-80119-MARRAJJOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRAJJOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-M.ARRA/JOHNSON 
EFTA00729223
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jane Doe v. Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Epstein's Response to Jane Doe's Motion to Provide Recently Obtained Affidavit of Epstein 
Page 2 of 9 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
Plaintiff; 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
CASE NO.: 08-80994-C1V-MARRAJJOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MAFtRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-80811-CTV-MARRAJJOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
EFTA00729224
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jane Doe v. Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/MMIro
Epstein's Response to Jane Doe'sMotion to 
vide Recently Obtained Affidavit of Epstein 
Page 3 of 9 
DOE 11, 
CASE NO.: 09-80469-CIV-MARRA-JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 09-80591-CIV-MARRA-JOHNSON 
Plaintiff; 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
CASE NO.: 09-80656-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff; 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE TO JANE DOE'S MOTION TO PROVIDE 
RECENTLY-OBTAINED AFFIDAVIT OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN IN 
SUPPORT OF MATERIAL FACTS SUPPORTING MOTION FOR 
APPOINTMENT OF A RECEIVER TO TAKE CHARGE OF PROPERTY OF EPSTEIN 
Defendant, JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN ("Epstein"), submits this response to Plaintiff's, Jane 
Doe ("Jane Doe"), Motion to Provide Recently-Obtained Affidavit of Jeffrey E. Epstein in 
EFTA00729225
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jane Doe v. Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Epstein's Response to Jane Doe's Motion to Provide Recently Obtained Affidavit of Epstein 
Page 4 of 9 
Support of Material Facts Supporting Motion for Appointment of a receiver to Take Charge of 
Property of Epstein ("Motion"), and states: 
I. 
Jane Doe seeks to supplement her Motion for Injunction Restraining Fraudulent 
Transfer of Assets (DE #165) ("Injunction Motion") with a "recently-obtained" affidavit of 
Epstein. The instant Motion was filed after Epstein served his Memorandum of Law in 
Opposition to the Injunction Motion (DE #198). Thus, if the Court were to consider this late-
filed affidavit, Epstein would have no opportunity to respond to the affidavit or any arguments 
based thereon. Accordingly, the Court should deny Jane Doe's Motion and disregard the 
affidavit. 
2. 
Rule 6(c), Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, requires "[a]ny affidavit supporting a 
motion must be served with the motion." (Emphasis added). Moreover, Local Rule 7.1C.3, U.S. 
District Court, Southern District Local Rules, provides "[t]o the extent a party wants the Court to 
consider affidavits, declarations, or other materials in support of or in opposition to the motion, 
then (a) the movant must serve with the motion all such materials. (Emphasis added). 
3. 
Despite Jane Doe's assertion that she did not receive the affidavit until July 13, 
2009, there is no question Epstein's affidavit was available at the time Jane Doe served her 
Injunction Motion as the affidavit is almost seven years old (dated October 2002). 
4. 
While Jane Doe calls it a "newly-obtained affidavit," it is not newly-obtained in 
the sense that it could not have been discovered at the time she served her Injunction Motion. 
5. 
Simply put, the affidavit is untimely and the Court should therefore disregard it in 
determining Jane Doe's Injunction Motion. 
EFTA00729226
--- PAGE 5 ---
Jane Doe v. Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Epstein's Response to Jane Doe's Motion to Provide Recently Obtained Affidavit of Epstein 
Page 5 of 9 
6. 
Moreover, consideration of the affidavit would severely prejudice Epstein because 
cannot respond to Jane Doe's arguments, assertions and implications regarding the affidavit 
since he already filed his Memorandum of Law in Opposition to the Injunction Motion (DE 
#198). 
7. 
This point is illustrated by Jane Doe's Reply to her Injunction Motion (DE #217), 
in which she attaches as Exhibit A Epstein's 2002 affidavit (before the Court ruled on the instant 
Motion) and uses it to make ridiculous and untenable conclusions about fraudulent asset 
transfers. For example, Jane Doe cites the portion of Epstein's affidavit in which he states he 
provides financial advice from the U.S. Virgin Islands in securities and other matters to his 
clients and that he is viewed as one of Citibank's most important individual clients. See DE 
#217 at 12. In the very next sentence, Jane Doe asserts "[g]iven the fact that asset transfers can 
take place to such countries as Israel, Switzerland, and the Cayman Islands, placing the burden 
on Jane Doe to document fraudulent asset transfers to such destinations effectively give a green 
light to massive fraud — a fraud that could ultimately total in the neighborhood of one billion 
dollars ($1,000,000,000.00)." 
8. 
Jane Doe somehow takes Epstein's assertion that he provides financial advice 
from the Virgin Islands and is an important Citibank client to essentially suggest he is involved 
in a billion-dollar international fraudulent transfer scheme. Such a conclusion is absurd and is 
pure fiction. 
9. 
Epstein will obviously be unfairly prejudiced by his inability to respond to these 
ludicrous theories. 
EFTA00729227
--- PAGE 6 ---
Jane Doe v. Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRABOHNSON 
Epstein's Response to Jane Doe's Motion to Provide Recently Obtained Affidavit of Epstein 
Page 6 of 9 
10. 
Accordingly, the Court should disregard the affidavit in consideration of the 
Injunction Motion and strike the affidavit from Jane Doe's Reply Brief (Exhibit A to DE #217). 
WHEREFORE, Defendant, JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, respectfully requests the Court deny 
Jane Doe's Motion, strike the affidavit from Jane Doe's Reply Brief (Exhibit A to DE #217) and 
grant any additional relief the Court deems just and proper. 
By: 
ROBERT D. C 
ON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar N 
224162 
MICHAEL J. IKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #.17296 
DAVID A. YAREMA, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 12492 
EFTA00729228
--- PAGE 7 ---
Jane Doe v. Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119•MARRA/JOHNSON 
Epstein's Response to Jane Doe's Motion to Provide Recently Obtained Affidavit of Epstein 
Page 7 of 9 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
CM/ECF on this day of August 2009 
Case 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
Counsel for Plaintiffi 
Respectful! 
By: 
ROBERT D CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
ri a B 
o. 224162 
submitted, 
DAVID A. YAREMA, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 12492 
IER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
Counsel for Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Fl.. 33301 
Phone: 954-522-3456 
Fax: 954-527-8663 
0840893 
EFTA00729229
--- PAGE 8 ---
Sue Doe v. Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MAlFtRA/JOHNSON 
Epstein's Response to Jane Doe's Motion to Provide Recently Obtained Affidavit of Epstein 
Page 8 of 9 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119, 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 
08-80994 
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, PA. 
2290 10th Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
561-582-7600 
Fax: 561-588-8819 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case 
08-80811 
Paul G. enc.4.11, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
Co-coun
aint i Jane Doe 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
No. Garcia Law Finn, P.A. 
224 Datura Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561-832-7137 F 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
561-686-6300 
424 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
M
B
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-202-6360 
Fax: 561-828-0983 
Counsel for Defendant 
Theodore J. Leopold, Esq. 
Spencer T. Kuvin, Esq. 
Ricci-Leopold, PA. 
08-80469 
tin e ated Case No. 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
305 358-2800 
Counse 
or 
ainti s in 
elated Cases 
Nos. 09-80591 and 09-80656 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
11
111
ounse or e e 
tu Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00729230
--- PAGE 9 ---
Jane Doe v. kiestein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Epstein's Response to Jane Doe's Motion to Provide Recently Obtained Affidavit of Epstein 
Page 9 of 9 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
561-684-6500 
Fax: 561-515-2610 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-08804 
EFTA00729231

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729232.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
e ecopier:
Sri-rr,
email: 
July 13. 2010 
Mr. Robert Couturier 
Robert Couturier, Inc. 
Mercer Street 
New York, NY 10012 
Re: 
Jeffrey Epstein and Re-Design of Residence on Little St. James Island 
Dear Mr. Couturier: 
I have reviewed Richard Kahn's email dated June 23, 2010 to Sally Ann 
Calabrese of your firm and Ms. Calabrese's response dated June 24, 2010. There is 
simply no legal justification for your refusal to refund Mr. Epstein's full $50,000 
deposit, and your claim for more than $41,000 of additional charges is preposterous. 
Your sudden departure from the project at its infancy was through no fault of Mr. 
Epstein and has left Mr. Epstein with nothing of any useful value. Mr. Epstein has 
needlessly incurred substantial costs, expenses and construction delays in 
connection with this project and your unilateral termination of services. He is 
legally entitled to a full refund of his deposit and to be compensated for all such 
costs, expenses and delays. 
In April 2010, Mr. Epstein paid you a $50,000 deposit in connection with 
your proposal to re-design Mr. Epstein's residence on Little St. James Island. As part 
of that proposal, $25,000 was to be credited against future fees, and, as Ms. 
Calabrese acknowledged in her email, that $25,000 has been deemed by you to have 
been "credited back" to Mr. Epstein, presumably because no future fees were 
earned. The remaining $25,000 was to cover the cost of developing the design for 
Mr. Epstein's residence, as to which you noted in your proposal "considerable time 
and effort" would be necessary "to create the total design/decoration concepts", and 
which would include "preliminary working drawings, furniture and custom 
furniture selection, furniture plans, custom built-ins, antiques, fabrics, carpeting, 
window treatments, etc." 
You terminated your services less than two months after you agreed to 
undertake this project, and did not deliver to Mr. Epstein the total 
design/decoration concepts for the project or the deliverables required by your 
proposal. There have been no "furniture and custom furniture selection, furniture 
EFTA00729232
--- PAGE 2 ---
plans, custom built-ins, antiques, fabrics, carpeting, window treatments, etc." What 
scant few drawings you did provide have no useful value to Mr. Epstein and cannot 
under any circumstances justify your total charges to Mr. Epstein of over $91,000. 
Moreover, because of your withdrawal from the project, Mr. Epstein will have to 
start the process all over again with a new designer/decorator who will require his 
own deposit and his own start up fees to develop his own total design/decoration 
package. 
Under your proposal, apart from the initial $25,000 to be paid for your "total 
design/decoration concepts" and related deliverables, your compensation was to be 
paid as a percentage (15% in the case of antiques, artwork and antique rugs, and 
30% in all other cases) of the direct cost of all items approved. With this 
compensation structure, any time that you and your staff devoted to the design or 
decoration of this project was to be compensated solely through the payment of 
your 15%/30% fee, if and when items were approved and purchased. As a result of 
your unilateral early termination, there have been no items even proposed for 
purchase, let alone approved, and, therefore, no compensation is owing to you. 
While your proposal does allow for the possibility of charging for Architectural 
Consultation Fees, those fees were to be for architectural consultation services 
above and beyond the development of your total design/decoration package, which 
you did not deliver. Your attempt to charge Mr. Epstein for your unproductive 
design time by characterizing the same as "Architectural Fees" is simply outrageous. 
Moreover, your proposal expressly limits the total amount of Architectural 
Consultation Fees that you are permitted to charge to "20% of the construction costs 
for the projects as to which such consultation has been provided." Because of your 
decision to terminate services at the very beginning of the project, no construction 
projects will be undertaken on the basis of what little you have provided to Mr. 
Epstein. Thus, you are entitled to no Architectural Consultation Fees under the 
express provisions of your own proposal. 
In addition, you have provided no back-up to support your billings for any of 
your claimed Architectural Fees and, according to Ms. Calabrese's email, your charge 
for "May Architectural Fee" is dated April 30, 2010, which obviously calls into 
question the propriety of that charge. Also, each of your separate charges to Mr. 
Epstein for travel expenses, which total more that $6,300, is well in excess of $500, 
and under your proposal, each of those charges therefore required advance written 
approval from Mr. Epstein. No such written approval was given. 
Based on your agreement to undertake this project, Mr. E stein has incurred 
considerable costs and expenses for, among other things, 
and Gary 
Kerney to meet with you and your people several times both in New York and St. 
Thomas, Mr. Epstein's lawyer to evaluate and negotiate your proposal, and Mr. 
Epstein's construction and architectural professionals to provide you with the 
information and materials you required to commence work on this re-design 
project. Landscaping and other construction has been delayed while awaiting your 
EFTA00729233
--- PAGE 3 ---
design work resulting in substantial additional costs and delays on this project. 
Under the circumstances, it is both unlawful and unprofessional for you to withhold 
repayment of Mr. Epstein's deposit when you alone made the decision to terminate 
services through no fault of Mr. Epstein. 
Although Mr. Epstein is truly sorry that you have decided to terminate your 
services, there is simply no legitimate basis for you to hold him financially 
responsible for the consequences of your own decision, especially when that 
decision has created substantial costs to Mr. Epstein. Mr. Epstein is, however, 
prepared to forego recovery of those costs from you, but only if you return the full 
amount of his $50,000 deposit within the next ten days. Demand is hereby made for 
the return of Mr. Epstein's $50,000 deposit by July 23, 2010, failing which Mr. 
Epstein will have no choice but to commence legal proceedings against you to 
recover both Mr. Epstein's $50,000 deposit and the substantial costs he has incurred 
as a result of your actions. 
This letter is without prejudice to the rights and claims of Mr. Epstein against 
Robert Couturier and Robert Couturier, Inc., all of which are hereby expressly 
reserved. 
Sincerely, 
Darren K Indyke 
EFTA00729234

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729235.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729235.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
Telecopier: (212) 517-7779 
email: 
July 14. 2010 
Mr. Robert Couturier 
Robert Couturier, Inc. 
Mercer Street 
New York, NY 10012 
Re: 
Jeffrey Epstein and Re-Design of Residence on Little St. James Island 
Dear Mr. Couturier: 
I have reviewed Richard Kahn's email dated June 23, 2010 to Sally Ann 
Calabrese of your firm and Ms. Calabrese's response dated June 24, 2010. There is 
simply no legal justification for your refusal to refund Mr. Epstein's full $50,000 
deposit, and your claim for more than $41,000 of additional charges is preposterous. 
Your sudden departure from the project at its infancy was through no fault of Mr. 
Epstein and has left Mr. Epstein with nothing of any useful value. Mr. Epstein has 
needlessly incurred substantial costs, expenses and construction delays in 
connection with this project and your unilateral termination of services. He is 
legally entitled to a full refund of his deposit and to be compensated for all such 
costs, expenses and delays. 
In April 2010, Mr. Epstein paid you a $50,000 deposit in connection with 
your proposal to re-design Mr. Epstein's residence on Little St. James Island. As part 
of that proposal, $25,000 was to be credited against future fees, and, as Ms. 
Calabrese acknowledged in her email, that $25,000 has been deemed by you to have 
been "credited back" to Mr. Epstein, presumably because no future fees were 
earned. The remaining $25,000 was to cover the cost of developing the design for 
Mr. Epstein's residence, as to which you noted in your proposal "considerable time 
and effort" would be necessary "to create the total design/decoration concepts", and 
which would include "preliminary working drawings, furniture and custom 
furniture selection, furniture plans, custom built-ins, antiques, fabrics, carpeting, 
window treatments, etc." 
You terminated your services less than two months after you agreed to 
undertake this project, and did not deliver to Mr. Epstein the total 
design/decoration concepts for the project or the deliverables required by your 
proposal. There have been no "furniture and custom furniture selection, furniture 
EFTA00729235
--- PAGE 2 ---
plans, custom built-ins, antiques, fabrics, carpeting, window treatments, etc." What 
scant few drawings you did provide have no useful value to Mr. Epstein and cannot 
under any circumstances justify your total charges to Mr. Epstein of over $91,000. 
Moreover, because of your withdrawal from the project, Mr. Epstein will have to 
start the process all over again with a new designer/decorator who will require his 
own deposit and his own start up fees to develop his own total design/decoration 
package. 
Under your proposal, apart from the initial $25,000 to be paid for your "total 
design/decoration concepts" and related deliverables, your compensation was to be 
paid as a percentage (15% in the case of antiques, artwork and antique rugs, and 
30% in all other cases) of the direct cost of all items approved. With this 
compensation structure, any time that you and your staff devoted to the design or 
decoration of this project was to be compensated solely through the payment of 
your 15%/30% fee, if and when items were approved and purchased. As a result of 
your unilateral early termination, there have been no items even proposed for 
purchase, let alone approved, and, therefore, no compensation is owing to you. 
While your proposal does allow for the possibility of charging for Architectural 
Consultation Fees, those fees were to be for architectural consultation services 
above and beyond the development of your total design/decoration package, which 
you did not deliver. Your attempt to charge Mr. Epstein for your unproductive 
design time by characterizing the same as "Architectural Fees" is simply outrageous. 
Moreover, your proposal expressly limits the total amount of Architectural 
Consultation Fees that you are permitted to charge to "20% of the construction costs 
for the projects as to which such consultation has been provided." Because of your 
decision to terminate services at the very beginning of the project, no construction 
projects will be undertaken on the basis of what little you have provided to Mr. 
Epstein. Thus, you are entitled to no Architectural Consultation Fees under the 
express provisions of your own proposal. 
In addition, you have provided no back-up to support your billings for any of 
your claimed Architectural Fees and, according to Ms. Calabrese's email, your charge 
for "May Architectural Fee" is dated April 30, 2010, which obviously calls into 
question the propriety of that charge. Also, each of your separate charges to Mr. 
Epstein for travel expenses, which total more that $6,300, is well in excess of $500, 
and under your proposal, each of those charges therefore required advance written 
approval from Mr. Epstein. No such written approval was given. 
Based on your agreement to undertake this project, Mr. Epstein has incurred 
considerable costs and expenses for, among other things, IMINIM and Gary 
Kerney to meet with you and your people several times both in New York and St. 
Thomas, Mr. Epstein's lawyer to evaluate and negotiate your proposal, and Mr. 
Epstein's construction and architectural professionals to provide you with the 
information and materials you required to commence work on this re-design 
project. Landscaping and other construction has been delayed while awaiting your 
EFTA00729236
--- PAGE 3 ---
design work resulting in substantial additional costs and delays on this project. 
Under the circumstances, it is both unlawful and unprofessional for you to withhold 
repayment of Mr. Epstein's deposit when you alone made the decision to terminate 
services through no fault of Mr. Epstein. 
Although Mr. Epstein is truly sorry that you have decided to terminate your 
services, there is simply no legitimate basis for you to hold him financially 
responsible for the consequences of your own decision, especially when that 
decision has created substantial costs to Mr. Epstein. Mr. Epstein is, however, 
prepared to forego recovery of those costs from you, but only if you return the full 
amount of his $50,000 deposit within the next nine days. Demand is hereby made 
for the return of Mr. Epstein's $50,000 deposit by July 24, 2010, failing which Mr. 
Epstein will have no choice but to commence legal proceedings against you to 
recover both Mr. Epstein's $50,000 deposit and the substantial costs he has incurred 
as a result of your actions. 
This letter is without prejudice to the rights and claims of Mr. Epstein against 
Robert Couturier and Robert Couturier, Inc., all of which are hereby expressly 
reserved. 
Sincerely, 
Darren K Indyke 
EFTA00729237

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729238.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
Telecopier: (212) 517-7779 
email: 
July 27, 2010 
VIA EMAIL 
David A. Berger, Esq. 
Allegaert Berger and Vogel LLP 
111 Broadway, 20th Floor 
New York, NY 10006 
Re: 
Robert Couturier. Inc. adv. Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Mr. Berger: 
I have received your letter dated July 26, 2010 and disagree with your 
analysis entirely. 
As you concede in your letter, Mr. Epstein advanced $50,000 to Mr. 
Couturier's firm, of which $25,000 was to be credited against future fees. As Ms. 
Calabrese acknowledged in her email to Mr. Kahn dated June 24, 2010, that $25,000 
has been deemed by Mr. Couturier to have been "credited back" to Mr. Epstein, as no 
future fees have been earned. As you stated in your letter, the remaining $25,000 
(and not a penny more) was to pay for an interior package that, notwithstanding 
your claim to the contrary, has not been delivered. In fact, Mr. Couturier unilaterally 
withdrew from the project at its initial stage before he was able to deliver that 
interior package to Mr. Epstein. As I stated in my July 14, 2010 letter, there has been 
no furniture and custom furniture selection, and no selection of antiques, fabrics, 
carpeting, window treatments and the like; nor have any furniture plans or plans for 
custom built-ins been provided. The scant few drawings that Mr. Couturier did 
provide can not under any reasonable analysis constitute the interior package and, 
more importantly, have no useful value to Mr. Epstein whatsoever. 
EFTA00729238
--- PAGE 2 ---
David A. Berger, Esq. 
July 27, 2010 
Page 2 
Apart from the initial $25,000 to be charged for the interior package, which 
was not delivered, Mr. Couterier's compensation was to be paid as a percentage 
(15% in the case of antiques, artwork and antique rugs, and 30% in all other cases) 
of the direct cost of all items approved and purchased. Mr. Couturier unilaterally 
withdrew from the project, through no fault of Mr. Epstein, before any items were 
even proposed for purchase, let alone approved, and, therefore, no compensation is 
owed. Nor is Mr. Couturier entitled to any Architectural Consultation Fees, as those 
fees were to be for architectural consultation services above and beyond the 
development of the interior package, which was not delivered. Moreover, Mr. 
Couturier agreed that Architectural Consultation Fees would be limited to "20% of 
the construction costs for the projects as to which such consultation has been 
provided." No construction projects have been or will be undertaken on the basis of 
what little has been provided to Mr. Epstein, which as I have already stated has no 
value to Mr. Epstein. Thus, no Architectural Consultation Fees are payable to Mr. 
Couturier. 
Mr. Couturier was paid $25,000 to deliver an interior package and an 
additional $25,000 as an advance against future design and decoration fees. 
Through no fault of Mr. Epstein, Mr. Couturier unilaterally withdrew from this 
project before he was able to deliver the interior package or earn any such fees. 
That he and his staff devoted time to this project before Mr. Couturier unilaterally 
withdrew is of no consequence. Mr. Couturier simply has no legal right to charge Mr. 
Epstein in excess of $85,000 for Mr. Couturier's unproductive time. It was his 
decision and his decision alone to terminate before he performed what he agreed to 
perform and, as a result, Mr. Epstein is out $50,000, receiving nothing useful in 
return. In addition, Mr. Epstein has needlessly incurred substantial costs, expenses 
and construction delays in connection with this project and Mr. Couturier's 
unilateral termination of services. Mr. Epstein is legally entitled to be compensated 
for these costs, expenses and delays as well. 
In order to resolve this matter amicably, Mr. Epstein is prepared to forego 
recovery of his additional costs and expenses and reimburse Mr. Couturier for the 
$6,324.59 of travel related expenses referred to in your letter, which (if Mr. 
Couturier accepts this proposal) may be deducted from Mr. Epstein's $50,000 
deposit However, the balance of $43,675.41 must be returned promptly, failing 
which Mr. Epstein will have no choice but to commence legal proceedings to recover 
both Mr. Epstein's $50,000 deposit and the substantial costs he has incurred as a 
result of Mr. Couturier's actions. 
EFTA00729239
--- PAGE 3 ---
David A. Berger, Esq. 
July 27, 2010 
Page 3 
While Mr. Epstein bears no ill will towards Mr. Couturier, there is no legal 
basis whatsoever to withhold repayment of Mr. Epstein's deposit on an agreement 
that Mr. Couturier failed to perform. 
Your prompt reply to this letter is required. In addition, please advise 
whether you are prepared to accept service on behalf of your clients should they 
choose not to return Mr. Epstein's funds. 
This letter is without prejudice to the rights and claims of Mr. Epstein against 
Robert Couturier and Robert Couturier, Inc., all of which are hereby expressly 
reserved. 
Sincerely, 
Darren K Indyke 
EFTA00729240

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729241.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729241.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
Telecopier: (212) 517-7779 
email: 
July 27, 2010 
VIA EMAIL 
David A. Berger, Esq. 
Allegaert Berger and Vogel LLP 
111 Broadway, 20th Floor 
New York, NY 10006 
Re: 
Robert Couturier. Inc. adv. Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Mr. Berger: 
I have received your letter dated July 26, 2010 and disagree with your 
analysis entirely. 
As you concede in your letter, Mr. Epstein advanced $50,000 to Mr. 
Couturier's firm, Robert Couturier, Inc. ("RCI"), of which $25,000 was to be credited 
against future fees. As Ms. Calabrese acknowledged in her email to Mr. Kahn dated 
June 24, 2010, that $25,000 has been deemed by RCI to have been "credited back" to 
Mr. Epstein, as no future fees have been earned. As you stated in your letter, the 
remaining $25,000 (and not a penny more) was to pay for an interior package that, 
notwithstanding your claim to the contrary, has not been delivered. In fact, Mr. 
Couturier unilaterally withdrew from the project at its initial stage before RCI was 
able to deliver that interior package to Mr. Epstein. As I stated in my July 14, 2010 
letter, there has been no furniture and custom furniture selection, and no selection 
of antiques, fabrics, carpeting, window treatments and the like; nor have any 
furniture plans or plans for custom built-ins been provided. The scant few drawings 
that RCI did provide can not under any reasonable analysis constitute the interior 
package and, more importantly, have no useful value to Mr. Epstein whatsoever. 
EFTA00729241
--- PAGE 2 ---
David A. Berger, Esq. 
July 27, 2010 
Page 2 
Apart from the initial $25,000 to be charged for the interior package, which 
was not delivered, RCI's compensation was to be paid as a percentage (15% in the 
case of antiques, artwork and antique rugs, and 30% in all other cases) of the direct 
cost of all items approved and purchased. Mr. Couturier unilaterally withdrew from 
the project, through no fault of Mr. Epstein, before any items were even proposed 
for purchase, let alone approved, and, therefore, no compensation is owed. Nor is 
RCI entitled to any Architectural Consultation Fees, as those fees were to be for 
architectural consultation services above and beyond the development of the 
interior package, which was not delivered. Moreover, Mr. Couturier agreed that 
Architectural Consultation Fees would be limited to "20% of the construction costs 
for the projects as to which such consultation has been provided." No construction 
projects have been or will be undertaken on the basis of what little has been 
provided to Mr. Epstein, which as I have already stated has no value to Mr. Epstein. 
Thus, no Architectural Consultation Fees are payable to RCI. 
RCI was paid $25,000 to deliver an interior package and an additional 
$25,000 as an advance against future design and decoration fees. Through no fault 
of Mr. Epstein, Mr. Couturier unilaterally withdrew from this project before RCI was 
able to deliver the interior package or earn any such fees. That Mr. Couturier and 
his staff devoted time to this project before Mr. Couturier unilaterally withdrew is of 
no consequence. RCI simply has no legal right to charge Mr. Epstein in excess of 
$85,000 for its unproductive time. It was Mr. Couturier's decision and his decision 
alone to terminate before RCI performed what it agreed to perform and, as a result, 
Mr. Epstein is out $50,000, receiving nothing useful in return. In addition, Mr. 
Epstein has needlessly incurred substantial costs, expenses and construction delays 
in connection with this project and Mr. Couturier's unilateral termination of 
services. Mr. Epstein is legally entitled to be compensated for these costs, expenses 
and delays as well. 
In order to resolve this matter amicably, Mr. Epstein is prepared to forego 
recovery of his additional costs and expenses and reimburse RCI for the $6,324.59 
of travel related expenses referred to in your letter, which (if RCI and Mr. Couturier 
accept this proposal) may be deducted from Mr. Epstein's $50,000 deposit. 
However, the balance of $43,675.41 must be returned promptly, failing which Mr. 
Epstein will have no choice but to commence legal proceedings to recover both Mr. 
Epstein's $50,000 deposit and the substantial costs he has incurred as a result of Mr. 
Couturier's and RCI's actions. 
EFTA00729242
--- PAGE 3 ---
David A. Berger, Esq. 
July 27, 2010 
Page 3 
While Mr. Epstein bears no ill will towards Mr. Couturier, there is no legal 
basis whatsoever to withhold repayment of Mr. Epstein's deposit on an agreement 
that Mr. Couturier and RCI failed to perform. 
Your prompt reply to this letter is required. In addition, please advise 
whether you are prepared to accept service on behalf of your clients should they 
choose not to return Mr. Epstein's funds. 
This letter is without prejudice to the rights and claims of Mr. Epstein against 
Robert Couturier and Robert Couturier, Inc., all of which are hereby expressly 
reserved. 
Sincerely, 
/s/Darren K. Indyke 
Darren K Indyke 
EFTA00729243

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729244.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729244.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
CASE NO.: 08-cv-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
EFTA00729244
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80994-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
Plaintiff. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-80811-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
EFTA00729245
--- PAGE 3 ---
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
CASE NO.: 08-80893-C1V-MARRA/JOHNSON 
DOE II, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
CASE NO.: 09-80469-CIV-MARRA-JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 101, CASE NO.: 09-80591-CIV-MARRA-JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102, CASE NO.: 09-80656-CIV-MARRAMOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Response To Plaintiffs', Jane Does 2-7, Motion for Protective Order (DE 223), With 
Incorporated Memorandum Of Law 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN ("Epstein" or "Defendant"), by and through his 
undersigned attorneys, hereby files his Response In Opposition to Plaintiffs', Jane Does 
EFTA00729246
--- PAGE 4 ---
2-7, Motion for Protective Order (DE 223X With Incorporated Memorandum Of Law (the 
"Motion for Protective Order"). In support, Mr. Epstein states as follows: 
L 
Introduction & Areument 
1. 
Plaintiffs' have joined in a collective effort to prevent discovery relating to 
their medical, psychological, criminal and employment histories, as well as their general 
backgrounds. Thus, Plaintiffs have unreasonably delayed discovery directed to them. 
Now, Plaintiffs go even further and request that this court preclude Epstein from 
investigating these matters through one of the most traditional methods available in the 
justice system, private investigators. Importantly, Plaintiffs' allegations do not state that 
Epstein's investigators have contacted them directly or indirectly — because they have 
not. Instead, Plaintiffs allege that Epstein's private investigators have contacted third 
parties, that is, Plaintiffs' "a-boyfriends, former employers, and others who know 
nothing of the underlying facts of the case." 
The law does not forbid such an 
investigation. 
2. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe 7, filed a self-serving hearsay declaration (DE 251-2) 
wherein she claims she spoke to only one of the individuals apparently interviewed by 
Epstein's investigators; however, Plaintiff does not state that the investigators have 
identified Jane Doe 7 as a Plaintiff in this lawsuit. Defendant expects that in light of this 
court's recent order (DE 253) that Plaintiff will speciously amend her declaration. 
Nonetheless, Plaintiff cannot expect this court to limit Defendant's investigation efforts 
when Plaintiff, Jane Doe 7, has stated that investigators have NOT identified her as a 
Plaintiff in this lawsuit. (Declaration, DE 251-2, 15). Moreover, 
affidavit tells a different story; that is, Jane Doe 7 approached her at a local bar and 
EFTA00729247
--- PAGE 5 ---
discussed Jeffrey Epstein with her in a public forum, 1.e., Jane Doe 7 discussed her 
lawsuit with 
in public, with others. acv Exhibit "A". Even so, an 
elementary review of the alleged questioning by the investigators as set forth in Jane Doe 
7's declaration shows that same is relevant (e.g., what was her reputation, did she date 
older rich guys, did she give massages for money etc...). Surely, Jane Doe 7 is not being 
heard to argue that her providing massages to "older-rich guys" is not relevant to this 
action. 
3. 
Despite this court requiring that we proceed with discovery, Plaintiffs 
continue to make allegations in which they believe this court will allow them to dictate: 
(a) what is and what is not relevant to the defense of Epstein's case; (b) who has 
knowledge of the underlying facts of the case for investigation purposes; and (c) what is 
and what is not discoverable. Under this scenario, Epstein might as well terminate his 
attorneys and allow the Plaintiffs' attorneys to represent him. 
4. 
Epstein has been faced with several motions seeking to prevent or limit 
discovery with the primary goal being to send Epstein to trial without little or no 
discovery. Plaintiffs continue to avert discovery, and now they wish to shelter their pasts 
by requesting that this court enter an order broadly limiting the rules of discovery and 
thus preventing Epstein from investigating this matter and the claims Plaintiffs have 
alleged against him. This would undoubtedly result in reversible error. 
5. 
As set forth in Epstein's Reply to Jane Doe 2-7 Response in Opposition to 
Epstein's Motion to Identify (the "Reply")(DE 247), Plaintiffs' have several preexisting 
and diagnosed conditions for which they now attempt to pawn off on Epstein in an effort 
to increase their damages. For instance, prior to any of their alleged encounters with 
EFTA00729248
--- PAGE 6 ---
Epstein, certain Plaintiffs have been raped, sexually abused, molested and physically and 
verbally abused. Some of them have been diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder 
or obsessive compulsive disorder, and some have suicidal thoughts and/or have attempted 
suicide on more than one occasion. Moreover, some of the Plaintiffs have witnessed 
close friends or family members commit suicide. While the above incidents are nothing 
less than tragic, the impact of those incidents on each of the Plaintiffs must be taken into 
consideration with the claims they make and the damages they seek against from Epstein. 
Plaintiffs have objected to all meaningful discovery, and now they seek to halt all 
traditional investigatory methods which may lead to evidence that may diminish or 
disprove their claims and/or evidence that may prove that Plaintffs have made 
inconsistent statements relative to their allegations. 
6. 
As this court is well aware, utilizing investigators prior to and during a 
lawsuit is a common well-accepted method by which parties seek to obtain information 
not easily or otherwise obtainable about the claims asserted by them or against them in a 
lawsuit. Investigators are employed not only by individuals involved in lawsuits but also 
by insurance companies, small businesses, the State Attorneys' Office, the Public 
Defenders' Office, and the Federal Government. If this court's precludes Epstein's 
private investigators from seeking information from third parties about the claims 
asserted against him by Jane Does 2-7, it will undoubtedly violate Epstein's due process 
rights by preventing him from defending the allegations made against him and it will 
further open the floodgates to additional challenges from others who are the subject of an 
investigation commenced by insurance companies, small businesses, the State Attorneys' 
Office, the Public Defenders' Office and the Federal Government. 
EFTA00729249
--- PAGE 7 ---
7. 
Plaintiffs claim in their Motion for Protective Order that retaining 
investigators in a case such as this one is not "customary." Such an assertion is not only 
nonsensical, but Plaintiffs also fail to cite one case or rule supporting their overbroad and 
self-serving theory. 
In fact, Plaintffs' theory would result in rewriting the rules of 
discovery, and the intended purpose of the rules would largely be disregarded (i.e., to 
obtain all information necessary to prosecute and/or defend claims such that the element 
of unfair surprise is diminished). 
8. 
Despite this court ordering that we move these cases forward, Plaintiffs' 
strategy is to delay or prevent the very discovery this court said Defendant should 
undertake! Once again, this court has already ruled that Plaintiffs can only be deposed 
once (Case #80119, DE 98 at 15 — "Defendant is limited to a single deposition of each 
Plaintiff, during which defendant may depose the Plaintiff as both a party and a 
witness."). Plaintiffs, however, refused for several months to allow third-party subpoenas 
to be served to obtain among other things, medical, psychological, criminal and 
employment histories. The court recently entered an order allowing for Defendant to 
serve the third-party subpoenas. 
Even so, Plaintiffs now wish to halt any outside 
investigation of the claims they have asserted against Epstein. It appears Plaintiffs wish 
for this court to force Epstein to take their depositions without any relevant information 
in hand, and with the ultimate goal of sending Epstein to trial without any legitimate 
information and discovery that will reduce Plaintiffs' damages or contradict their claims. 
9. 
Plaintiffs universally agreed at the June 12, 2009 hearing on Defendant's 
Motion to Stay that regular discovery could proceed. ate Composite Exhibit "B" at 
pages 26-30 & 33-34. For instance, the court asked Plaintiffs' attorneys the following 
EFTA00729250
--- PAGE 8 ---
questions: 
The Court: 0 So again, I just want to make sure that if the cases go 
forward and if Mr. Epstein defends the case as someone ordinarily would 
defend a case being prosecuted against him or her, that that in and of itself 
is not going to cause him to be subject to criminal prosecution? (Ex. "A," 
p.26). 
*** 
The Court: You agree he should be able to take the ordinary steps that a 
defendant in a civil action can take and not be concerned about having to 
be prosecuted? (Ex. "A," p.27). 
*** 
The Court: Okay. But again, you're in agreement with everyone else so 
far that's spoken on behalf of a plaintiff that defending the case in the 
normal course of conducting discovery and filing motions would not be a 
breach? (Ex. "A," p.30). 
Mr. Horowitz — counsel for Jane Does 2-'7: Subject to your rulings, of 
course, yes. (Ex. "A," p.30). 
it** 
The Court: But you're not taking the position that other than possibly 
doing something in litigation which is any other discovery, motion 
practice, investigations that someone would ordinarily do in the course of 
defending a civil case would constitute a violation of the agreement? (Ex. 
"A," p.34). 
Ms. IS 
No, your honor. I mean, civil litigation is civil litigation, 
and being able to take discovery is part of what civil litigation is all 
about.... But. .., Mr. Epstein is entitled to take the deposition of a Plaintiff 
and to subpoena records, etc. (Ex. "A," p.34) 
10. 
It is clear from the transcript attached as Exhibit "B" that each of the 
Plaintiffs' attorneys, including Mr. Horowitz for Jane Does 2-7, expected and conceded 
that regular/traditional discovery would take place (i.e., discovery, motion practice, 
depositions, requests for records, and investigations). 
11. 
Investigating any claims made against any Defendant is reasonable and 
should not be limited. For instance, assume an investigator contacts a third-party who 
EFTA00729251
--- PAGE 9 ---
knew or dated one of the Jane Does before and/or after the Plaintiffs' alleged encounters 
with Epstein. Is it Plaintiffs' contention that an investigator cannot ask the ex-boyfriend 
or the friend: (a) whether Plaintiff ever mentioned Epstein; (b) whether Plaintiff gave 
Epstein massages; (c) whether Plaintiff ever complained about her alleged experiences 
with Epstein; and/or (d) whether Plaintiff ever seemed disturbed or traumatized about her 
alleged experiences with Epstein. If this court grants Plaintffs' request, it will result in 
Plaintiffs being afforded the opportunity to make sexual assault and battery allegations 
without affording Epstein the opportunity to defend those specific allegations. This is not 
the same as identifying each Jane Doe by name in a public proceeding accessible by all — 
it is basic behind the scenes discovery which seeks to investigate and question others on 
an individual basis. Plaintiffs' request, if granted, would violate Epstein's constitutional 
and due process rights to defend himself, and would further not allow Epstein a full 
opportunity to confront the Plaintffs that have made allegations against him with the 
necessary material to properly cross-examine diem at trial. As such, this would violate 
Epstein's 6th Amendment Right to confront witnesses, and the due process clauses of the 
Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments. 
12. 
It is simply not fair to allow the Plaintiffs to file lawsuits containing 
sexual-abuse allegations and then attempt to use the rules of discovery and those same 
sexual-abuse allegations as a sword to cut-out the heart of Defendant's case (and the 
defenses thereto) while simultaneously brandishing their allegations as a shield from 
disclosure of any Achilles heel. 
II. 
Memorandum of Law 
a. 
The Allegations in the Amended Complaints As to Jane Does 2-7 
EFTA00729252
--- PAGE 10 ---
13. 
The amended complaints filed by Jane Does 2-7 against Jeffrey Epstein 
make allegations of sexual assault and abuse upon a minor and seek damages in excess of 
$50 million. Jane Does 2-7 allege confusion, shame, humiliation, embarrassment, and 
severe psychological and emotional injuries. It is further alleged that they suffered, and 
will continue to suffer, severe and permanent traumatic injuries, including mental, 
psychological, and emotional damages. 
Plaintiffs allege intentional infliction of 
emotional distress, severe emotional distress, severe mental anguish and pain. They 
further allege that they suffered personal injury including mental, psychological and 
emotional damage. 
14. 
It is the Defendant's job to obtain information to disprove and/or find 
information that diminishes Plaintiffs' damage claims. The rules of discovery 
contemplate same. 
b. 
The Rules of Discovery Contemplate the Hiring of Investigators 
15. 
The rules of discovery contemplate the hiring of investigators, and also 
protect the information obtained by an investigator as the work-product of the hiring 
attorney because the materials are obtained or created in anticipation of litigation or for 
trial. ace Alachua General Hospital. Inc. v. Zimmer USA. Inc., 403 So.2d 1087 (Fla. 1st
DCA 1981); Fed.R. Civ.Pro. 26(bX3XB); Fla.R.Civ.Pro. 1.280; In re Faro Technologies 
Securities Litigation, 2008 WL 205318 (M.D. Fla. 2008); Lake Shore Radiator. Inc. v. 
Radiator Express Warehouse, 2008 WL 842989 (M.D. Fla. 2007)(protecting investigative 
materials as work-product); and Hickman v, Taylor, 329 U.S. 495, 508, 67 S.Ct. 385, 91 
L.Ed. 451 (1947)(noting, among other things and subject to exception, that work-product 
includes information which an attorney secures from a witness while acting for his client 
EFTA00729253
--- PAGE 11 ---
in anticipation of litigation or for trial). Florida even has its own investigative privilege 
codified in M. Stat. §493.6119, which also seeks to promote the rules of discovery and 
protect any investigators file. 
Accordingly, it is clear that the overall purpose of 
discovery under the Federal Rules is to obtain a full and accurate understanding of the 
true facts in order to obtain a fair and just result. United States v. Proctor & Gamble Co., 
356 U.S. 677, 682, 78 S.Ct. 983 (1958). 
16. 
Defendant should not have to rely on only those "handpicked" witnesses 
disclosed by Plaintiff at depositions, through interrogatories or by way of Rule 26 
disclosures who Plaintiffs and their lawyers have identified to: 
(a) 
test the Plaintiffs' credibility as to their alleged involvement with Epstein; 
(b) 
determine the alleged effects on Plaintiffs as a result of any involvement 
with Epstein; 
(c) 
identify other females whom Plaintiffs took or might have met at Epstein's 
home; 
(d) 
support Plaintiffs' claims that she sustained damages as a result of their 
alleged involvement with Epstein; and 
(e) 
determine what Plaintiffs may have said to others regarding the alleged 
incidents. 
17. 
Many of the Plaintiffs are claiming that Epstein is the sole or substantial 
contributing cause of their physical, psychological and emotional damages. However, as 
this court is aware, Plaintiffs have experienced several incidents in their lives which 
affected them emotionally and psychologically. 
See g., Exhibits "C" and "D", 
Affidavits of Richard C.W. Hall, outlining the psychological issues experienced by Jane 
Does 4 and 6 as a result of incidents in their lives prior to Epstein, which cannot be 
discounted. For additional affidavits of the remaining Jane Does, see DE 247 and the 
EFTA00729254
--- PAGE 12 ---
Affidavits attached thereto. As such, Plaintiffs should not be able to "handpick" who 
Defendant utilizes to refute their allegations. 
18. 
Accordingly, Plaintiffs cannot expect this court to limit Epstein's 
investigation of the claims they assert against him. To hold otherwise will negatively 
effect information sought by way of depositions, independent medical evaluations, 
regular discovery and the like, thereby prejudicing Epstein and impacting the one day he 
will have in court to defend these allegations. 
HI. 
Conclusion and Requested Relief 
19. 
It is critical for this entire case that Epstein be able to conduct regular 
discovery, which includes investigating the claims Plaintiffs make against him by using 
an investigator. As Dr. Hall stated in his affidavits attached to DE 247, "there are a 
number of variables that combine to determine the effects of such alleged victimization, 
including the type and character of the alleged assault, and key victim variables such as 
demographics, psychological reactions at the time of the trauma, previous psychiatric or 
psychological history, previous victimization history . . . , general personality dynamics 
and coping style, as well as sociocultural factors such as drug use/abuse; poverty; social 
inequity and/or inadequate social support; any previous history of abuse within or outside 
the family; whether individuals were abused by strangers, acquaintances or family 
members; and whether there was any history of indiscriminate behavior that may have 
placed them at increased risk. .. ." Id. It is also important to know about Plaintiffs' "... 
previous sexual conduct, contact with police or welfare agencies, alcohol or drug 
use/abuse, voluntary sexual activity, contraceptive use, genital infections, or apparent 
indifference to previous abuse. . .whether any significant psychiatric illnesses were 
EFTA00729255
--- PAGE 13 ---
present, whether they were taking any medications (prescribed or non-prescribed), 
whether there had been previous suicide attempts, thoughts, plans, etc. . .., and whether . 
. . Plaintiffs' relationships with their families and familial factors, including social 
disadvantage, family instability, impaired parent/child relationship, and parental 
adjustment difficulties [were present]" Id. It is therefore critical for Epstein to conduct a 
thorough investigation, which will confirm or rebut Plaintiffs" allegations in their 
respective complaints. To hold otherwise would cause this court to accept Plaintiffs' 
allegations as true without allowing Epstein to retain information to refute same. 
Wherefore, Epstein requests that this court deny Plainfffs' 
otion for Protective 
Order, and for such other and further relief as this co 
,•~nd proper. 
By: 
MIC A 
P 
SQ. 
Florida Bar #61 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is 
being served this day on all counsel of r 
identi
following Service List in 
the manner specified by CM/ECF on this 
day of WA 
, 2009 
Respectfully s bm' 
By: 
ROBE 
D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
162 
, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
IIIMM
IRLUTTIER & 
COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00729256
--- PAGE 14 ---
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Counsellor Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRAMOIHINSON 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
Counsel for Plaints,* 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119, 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 
08-80994 
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
2290 10a Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
561-582-7600 
Fax: 561-588-8819 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80811 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
561-686-6300 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-522-3456 
4-527-8663 
ounse 
08-80893 
in 'elated Case No. 
Paul O. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff
 Doe 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Law Finn, P.A. 
224 Datum Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561-832-7137 F 
0840469 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
1.4 
EFTA00729257
--- PAGE 15 ---
Counsel for Plaintiff 
a
l
.
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-202-6360 
Counsellor Defendant 
Theodore J. Leopold, Esq. 
Spencer T. Kuvin, Esq. 
Leopold-Kuvin, P.A. 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
561-684-6500 
Fax: 561-515-2610 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-08804 
305 358-2800 
Fax: 305 358-2382 
ounse 
elated Cases 
Nos. 09-80591 and 09-80656 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
loutaillat 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00729258

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729259.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729259.pdf
----------------------------------------
JAMS ARBITRATION 
IN THE MATTER OF 
FORTRESS VRF I LLC and FORTRESS 
VALUE RECOVERY FUND I LLC, 
Claimants 
v. 
JEEPERS, INC., 
Respondent 
and 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. and 
JEEPERS, INC., 
Counterclaimants and Third-Party Claimants 
v. 
D.B. ZWIRN SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND, L.P. k/n/a FORTRESS VALUE 
RECOVERY FUND I LLC, 
Counter-Respondent 
and 
D.B. ZWIRN PARTNERS, LLC, 
D.B. ZWIRN & CO., L.P., 
DBZ GP, LLC, 
ZWIRN HOLDINGS, LLC, 
DANIEL ZWIRN, and 
Third-Party Respondents 
Case No. 1425006537 
Arbitrator: Hon. Anthony J. Carpinello 
Counter-Claimants' Response to the First Set Of Document Requests By Claimants 
Fortress VRF I LLC And Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC 
Respondents Financial Trust Company, Inc. and Jeepers, Inc. (collectively referred to as 
"Respondents") hereby respond to Petitioner's First Set of Documents Requests as follows: 
OBJECTIONS TO DEFINITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS 
EFTA00729259
--- PAGE 2 ---
1. 
Respondents object to any and all instructions or definitions which would require 
Respondents to respond in a manner beyond that required by the JAMS Arbitration Rules and 
Procedures. 
2. 
Respondents object to the instructions and requests that seek documents that are 
not in Respondents' possession, custody or control. 
3. 
Respondents object to each request to the extent that it calls for any documents 
that were prepared for or in anticipation of litigation, constitute attorney work-product, contain 
attorney-client communications, or are otherwise subject to a privilege. 
4. 
Respondents object to the extent requests seek confidential or proprietary 
financial or operational information of Respondents. 
To the extent Respondents' other 
objections to such requests (e.g., relevance) are overruled, Respondents will produce such 
documents only after entering into an acceptable protective order. 
5. 
Respondents object to the production of documents that contain proprietary and 
confidential information belonging to third parties. 
Respondents will not produce such 
documents without the permission of the third party. 
6. 
Respondents reserves the right to update its Responses as more information 
becomes available to it. 
7. 
Respondents asserts each of these general objections to each of the requests 
herein. Respondents also asserts specific objections to particular requests. The failure to assert a 
general objection to a particular request does not constitute a waiver of any general objections. 
Subject to and without waiving the above general objections to all paragraphs of the requests, 
Respondents responds to the individual requests as follows: 
Documents Requested 
Request No.1: 
EFTA00729260
--- PAGE 3 ---
All documents concerning any investments made by Epstein, Jeepers or FTC in the Fund, 
including, but not limited to, all documents concerning: 
(a) any decision to make, retain or liquidate such investments; 
(b) the amount and timing of such investments; 
(c) the terms of such investments; 
(d) any efforts to withdraw or redeem such investments; 
(e) any and all communications regarding such investments; 
(0 any pitch or marketing materials received by Epstein, Jeepers or FTC relating 
to the Fund; 
(g) any due diligence materials, summaries or notes prepared in connection with 
any potential or actual investment in the Fund; or 
(h) any due diligence materials, summaries or notes (including background 
checks) related to Zwirn or any of its partners, officers or employees, including, 
but not limited to, Daniel Zwirn. 
Response; 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, and unduly 
burdensome. Moreover, any such communications after the Fund collapsed would be protected 
by the work product and/or common interest privilege. Subject to and without waiving the 
forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No.2: 
All documents concerning any withdrawal requests made by or on behalf of Epstein, 
Jeepers or FTC with respect to the Fund, including, but not limited to, all documents concerning: 
(a) any decision to make, alter or withdraw such requests; 
(b) the motivation behind any such requests; 
(c) the timing of such requests and the withdrawal amounts requested; 
(d) the validity of any and all such requests; 
(e) any and all communications regarding such requests; or 
(0 all rights of, or restrictions on, any of those parties with respect to 
the withdrawal of amounts from the Fund. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, and unduly 
burdensome. Moreover, any such communications after the Fund collapsed would be protected 
by the work product and/or common interest privilege. Subject to and without waiving the 
forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No. 3: 
To the extent not called for above, all documents reflecting communications between 
Epstein, Jeepers and/or FTC, on the one hand, and Zwirn and/or Daniel Zwirn, on the other, 
relating in any way to the Fund. 
EFTA00729261
--- PAGE 4 ---
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, and unduly 
burdensome. Moreover, any such communications after the Fund collapsed would be protected 
by the work product and/or common interest privilege. Subject to and without waiving the 
forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No. 4: 
To the extent not called for above, all documents concerning: 
(a) any limited partnership agreement or other organizational document, or any 
other agreement, with respect to the Fund; 
(b) any Confidential Memorandum, offering document or other disclosure or 
subscription document relating to the Fund; 
(c) the November 17,2004 Supplement to the Confidential Memorandum 
concerning the Fund; 
(d) any amendments or other modifications (by side letter or otherwise) to any 
limited partnership agreement or other organizational documents, or any other 
agreement, relating to the Fund; 
(e) any subscription agreements relating to any investment made by Epstein, 
Jeepers or FTC in the Fund; 
(0 any side letters received or reviewed by Epstein, Jeepers or FTC pursuant to a 
"most favored nations" understanding or otherwise with respect to the Fund; 
(g) any capital account statement for Epstein, Jeepers or FTC, or annual statement 
indicating changes in Epstein's, Jeepers's or FTC's capital with respect to the 
Fund; 
(h) any annual report for the Fund or annual balance sheet and profit and loss 
statement for the Fund; 
(i) any K-Is or other tax information received from the Fund; or 
(j) any performance-related commentary received from the Fund or any of its 
agents or employees. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, and unduly 
burdensome. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No. 5: 
All documents concerning the January 11, 2005 letter from D.B. Zwim Partners, LLC to 
FTC. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. Subject to 
and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if 
any, that may exist. 
EFTA00729262
--- PAGE 5 ---
Request No. 6: 
All documents concerning the November 13, 2006 "Memorandum" from Epstein to 
Daniel Zwirn. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. Subject to 
and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if 
any, that may exist. 
Request No. 7: 
All documents concerning the "conversation" referred to in the November 13, 2006 
"Memorandum" from Epstein to Daniel Zwirn. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. Subject to 
and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if 
any, that may exist. 
Request No. 8: 
All documents concerning the "Assignment" dated December 29, 2006 involving Jeepers, 
FTC and the Fund, including without limitation all documents concerning the reasons for the 
"Assignment." 
Response; 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. Subject to 
and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if 
any, that may exist. 
Request No. 9: 
All documents concerning the February 14, 2007 letter from Jeepers to D.B. Zwirn 
Partners, LLC. 
Response; 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. Subject to 
and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if 
any, that may exist. 
Request No. 10: 
All documents concerning the March 7, 2008 memorandum to limited partners in the 
Fund. 
EFTA00729263
--- PAGE 6 ---
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. Subject to 
and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if 
any, that may exist. 
Request No. 11: 
All documents concerning the April 8, 2009 Settlement Agreement and Release, 
including, without limitation, all documents concerning: 
(a) the negotiation of the Settlement Agreement and Release; or 
(b) the purported termination of the Settlement Agreement and Release. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. Moreover, 
Respondents object because this request invades the attorney-client privilege. Subject to and 
without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if any, 
that may exist. 
Request No. 12: 
To the extent not called for above, all documents relating to Zwirn or Daniel Zwirn, or 
any fund or other entity managed by Zwirn or Daniel Zwirn. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, unduly 
burdensome, designed to harass Respondents and/or third parties, and not calculated to lead to 
the discovery of relevant information to the extent it seeks information not related to the Fund at 
issue. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No. 13: 
All documents concerning Glenn Dubin and/or Highbridge Capital Management (n/k1a 
Dubin & Swieca Asset Management, LLC) that relate to: 
(a) any investment by Epstein, Jeepers or FTC in the Fund; 
(b) any conversation between or among Epstein, Dubin and Daniel Zwirn relating 
to the Fund; 
(c) any effort by Epstein, Jeepers and/or FTC to withdraw any amount from the 
Fund; 
(d) the Fund; 
(e) the matters alleged in (1) Claimants' Demand for Arbitration dated May 5, 
2010, or (2) FTC's and Jeepers's Statement of Counterclaim and Third Party 
Claim, dated May 21, 2010 (the "Statement of Counterclaim"), both in this 
proceeding; 
(0 the affidavit of Glenn Dubin attached to the Statement of Counterclaim; or 
(g) this Arbitration. 
EFTA00729264
--- PAGE 7 ---
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, unduly 
burdensome, designed to harass Respondents and/or third parties, and not calculated to lead to 
the discovery of relevant information. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, 
Respondents will produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No. 14: 
To the extent not called for above, all documents concerning the Fund, including, without 
limitation, all documents concerning any communications between Epstein, Jeepers and FTC, on 
the one hand, and the Fund, on the other. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, unduly 
burdensome, designed to harass Respondents and/or third parties, and not calculated to lead to 
the discovery of relevant information. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, 
Respondents will produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No. 15: 
All documents concerning any communications between or among Epstein, Jeepers or 
FTC, on the one hand, and any other investor in the Fund concerning the Fund, including, 
without limitation, all documents concerning any request to withdraw any amount from the 
Fund. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, unduly 
burdensome, designed to harass Respondents and/or third parties, and not calculated to lead to 
the discovery of relevant information. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, 
Respondents will produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No. 16: 
All documents concerning any actual or alleged accounting or other irregularities at or in 
connection with the Fund, including but not limited to all documents concerning any SEC or 
other investigation with respect to the Fund. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, unduly and 
burdensome. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No. 17: 
All documents concerning the relationship between: 
(a) Epstein and FTC; 
(b) Epstein and Jeepers; or 
( c) FTC and Jeepers. 
EFTA00729265
--- PAGE 8 ---
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, unduly 
burdensome, designed to harass Respondents, and not calculated to lead to the discovery of 
relevant information to the extent it seeks information not related to the Fund at issue. 
Request No. 18: 
All organizational documents concerning FTC and Jeepers. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague, designed to 
harass Respondents, and not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information to the 
extent it seeks information not related to the Fund at issue. 
Request No. 19: 
All documents concerning: 
(a) all investors in FTC and Jeepers; 
(b) any partner, member, or beneficial owner of, or other direct or indirect 
economic participant in, FTC or Jeepers or FTC's or Jeepers's investment in the 
Fund; 
(c) the compensation arrangements among Epstein, Jeepers, FTC and any investor 
in FTC or Jeepers; 
(d) the compensation arrangements among Epstein, Jeepers, FTC and any partner, 
member, or beneficial owner of, or other direct or indirect economic participant 
in, FTC or Jeepers or FTC's or Jeepers's investment in the Fund; 
(e) all marketing or sales materials concerning FTC or Jeepers; 
(0 all communications between Epstein, Jeepers, and/or FTC, on the one hand, 
and any other investors in FTC or Jeepers or any partner, member, or beneficial 
owner of, or other direct or indirect economic participant in, FTC or Jeepers or 
FTC's or Jeepers's investment in the Fund, on the other, relating to the Fund, any 
efforts by Epstein, Jeepers or FTC to withdraw amounts from the Fund, or this 
Arbitration; or 
(g) all sources of capital and financing for any investment by Epstein, Jeepers or 
FTC in the Fund. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, unduly 
burdensome, designed to harass Respondents and/or third parties, and not calculated to lead to 
the discovery of relevant information to the extent it seeks information not related to the Fund at 
issue. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive communications, if any, that may exist regarding the Fund or this Arbitration. 
Request No. 20: 
All documents concerning: 
EFTA00729266
--- PAGE 9 ---
(a) the November 13, 2006 "telephone conference" referred to in Paragraph 8 of 
the Statement of Counterclaim; 
(b) any of the conversations referred to in Paragraphs 33-37 of the Statement of 
Counterclaim; or 
(c) the alleged "agreement" referred to in Paragraph 37 of the Statement of 
Counterclaim. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will 
produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No. 21: 
All documents supporting, contradicting or otherwise concerning the allegations of 
Paragraphs 24-27 of the Statement of Counterclaim. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will 
produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No. 22: 
All documents supporting, contradicting or otherwise concerning the "fraud" alleged in 
Paragraphs 70-73 of the Statement of Counterclaim. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will 
produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No. 23: 
To the extent not called for above, all documents supporting, contradicting or otherwise 
concerning the allegations contained in the Statement of Counterclaim. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. FTC further objects to this request as being overly broad, vague, burdensome 
and potentially seeking information not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant 
information. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No. 24: 
EFTA00729267
--- PAGE 10 ---
All documents concerning any damages alleged in or sought by the Statement of 
Counterclaim. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will 
produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No. 25: 
All documents supporting, contradicting or otherwise concerning the allegations 
contained in Claimants' Demand for Arbitration or in any of the other pleadings in this matter. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. FTC further objects to this request as being overly broad, vague, burdensome 
and potentially seeking information not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant 
information. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Request No. 26: 
To the extent not called for above, all documents relating to this Arbitration. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. FTC further objects to this request as being overly broad, vague, burdensome 
and potentially seeking information not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant 
information. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
Dated: 
New York, New York 
September 
2010 
Respectfully submitted, 
SUSMAN GODFREY L.L.P. 
Stephen D. Susman 
Seth Ard 
654 Madison Avenue, 5'h Floor 
8440 
Fax: (212 336-8340 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
EFTA00729268
--- PAGE 11 ---
Harry P. Susman 
SUSMAN GODFREY L.L.P. 
1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 5100 
Attorneys for Respondent Counter-Claimants 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. and Jeepers, 
Inc. 
EFTA00729269

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729270.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729270.pdf
----------------------------------------
JAMS ARBITRATION 
IN THE MATTER OF 
FORTRESS VRF I LLC and FORTRESS 
VALUE RECOVERY FUND I LLC, 
Claimants 
v. 
JEEPERS, INC., 
Respondent 
and 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. and 
JEEPERS, INC., 
Counterclaimants and Third-Party Claimants 
v. 
D.B. ZWIRN SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND, L.P. k/n/a FORTRESS VALUE 
RECOVERY FUND I LLC, 
Counter-Respondent 
and 
D.B. ZWIRN PARTNERS, LLC, 
D.B. ZWIRN & CO., L.P., 
DBZ GP, LLC, 
ZWIRN HOLDINGS, LLC, 
DANIEL ZWIRN, and 
Third-Party Respondents 
Case No. 1425006537 
Arbitrator: Hon. Anthony J. Carpinello 
Respondents' Response to the First Set Of Document Requests By Third-Party 
Respondents Zwirn Entities 
Respondents Financial Trust Company, Inc. and Jeepers, Inc. (collectively referred to as 
"Respondents") hereby respond to Petitioner's First Set of Documents Requests as follows: 
OBJECTIONS TO DEFINITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS 
EFTA00729270
--- PAGE 2 ---
1. 
Respondents object to any and all instructions or definitions which would require 
Respondents to respond in a manner beyond that required by the JAMS Arbitration Rules and 
Procedures. 
2. 
Respondents object to the instructions and requests that seek documents that are 
not in Respondents' possession, custody or control. 
3. 
Respondents object to each request to the extent that it calls for any documents 
that were prepared for or in anticipation of litigation, constitute attorney work-product, contain 
attorney-client communications, or are otherwise subject to a privilege. 
4. 
Respondents object to the extent requests seek confidential or proprietary 
financial or operational information of Respondents. 
To the extent Respondents' other 
objections to such requests (e.g., relevance) are overruled, Respondents will produce such 
documents only after entering into an acceptable protective order. 
5. 
Respondents object to the production of documents that contain proprietary and 
confidential information belonging to third parties. 
Respondents will not produce such 
documents without the permission of the third party. 
6. 
Respondents reserves the right to update its Responses as more information 
becomes available to it. 
7. 
Respondents asserts each of these general objections to each of the requests 
herein. Respondents also asserts specific objections to particular requests. The failure to assert a 
general objection to a particular request does not constitute a waiver of any general objections. 
Subject to and without waiving the above general objections to all paragraphs of the requests, 
Respondents responds to the individual requests as follows: 
Documents Requested 
1. 
All documents referred to or relied upon in the Third-Party Claim. 
EFTA00729271
--- PAGE 3 ---
Response: 
Respondents object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. FTC further objects to this request as being overly broad and vague. Subject to 
and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if 
any, that may exist. 
2. 
All communications with the Fund. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. Subject to 
and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if 
any, that may exist. 
3. 
All communications with any of the Zwirn Entities. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, unduly 
burdensome, designed to harass Respondents and/or third parties, and not calculated to lead to 
the discovery of relevant information to the extent it seeks information not related to the Fund at 
issue. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
4. 
All documents and communications concerning Third-Party Claimants' 
investments in the Fund. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, and unduly 
burdensome. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
5. 
All documents and communications concerning any or all of the conversations 
alleged in Irr 33,34,35,36, and/or 37 of the Third-Party Claim. 
Response; 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. Respondents 
also object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-client privileges. Subject 
to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, 
if any, that may exist. 
6. 
All documents and communications concerning any purported agreement or 
promise by Daniel Zwirn as alleged in ¶ 37 of the Third-Party Claim. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, and unduly 
burdensome. Respondents also object because this request invades the work-product and 
attorney-client privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents 
will produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
7. 
All documents and communications concerning the allegation in ¶ 59 of the 
Third-Party Claim that "Zwirn was well-aware in October 2006 of the improprieties detailed in 
the March 2007 report." 
EFTA00729272
--- PAGE 4 ---
Response: 
Respondents object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will 
produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
8. 
All documents concerning the allegations contained in the first sentence of 9 71 of 
the Third-Party Claim that "Zwim and the Fund made false statements and omitted material 
information ... in the Fall of 2006, including, without limitation, misrepresentations about 
Zwim's knowledge and participation in the Fund's financial and accounting irregularities, the 
nature and scope of the problems, and the Fund's true intent not to honor FTC's request." 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will 
produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
9. 
All documents and communications concerning the assignment of Financial Trust 
Company, Inc. `s limited partnership interests in the Fund to Jeepers, Inc. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. Subject to 
and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if 
any, that may exist. 
10. 
All documents and communications concerning any actual or contemplated 
request to withdraw some or all of Third-Party Claimants' investments from the Fund. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. Subject to 
and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if 
any, that may exist. 
11. 
All documents and communications concerning the 2005 Side Letter Agreement. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. Subject to 
and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce responsive documents, if 
any, that may exist. 
12. 
All documents and communications concerning the Confidential Memoranda. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. . 
Respondents also object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-client 
privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
EFTA00729273
--- PAGE 5 ---
13. 
All documents and-communications concerning Third-Party Claimants' rights or 
obligations under the L.P. Agreements, 2005 Side Letter Agreement, and/or Confidential 
Memoranda. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. . 
Respondents also object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-client 
privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
14. 
All documents and communications concerning Third-Party Claimants' 
understanding of the terms of the L.P. Agreements, 2005 Side Letter Agreement, and/or 
Confidential Memoranda. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad and vague. . 
Respondents also object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-client 
privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
15. 
All documents and communications concerning any rights of or restrictions on 
Third-Party Claimants with respect to withdrawing investments from the Fund. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague and burdensome. 
Respondents also object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-client 
privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
16. 
All documents and communications concerning Third-Party Claimants' 
understanding of any rights of or restrictions on Third-Party Claimants with respect to 
withdrawing investments from the Fund. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague and burdensome. 
Respondents also object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-client 
privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
17. 
All communications with any of the Fund's other investors or their 
representatives concerning any of the Zwim Entities or the Fund. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, burdensome and 
not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information to the extent it seeks information 
not related to the Fund at issue. Respondents also object because this request invades the work-
product and attorney-client privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, 
Respondents will produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
EFTA00729274
--- PAGE 6 ---
18. 
All communications with the Securities and Exchange Commission concerning 
any of the Zwim Entities or the Fund. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, burdensome and 
not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information to the extent it seeks information 
not related to the Fund at issue. Respondents also object because this request invades the work-
product and attorney-client privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, 
Respondents will produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
19. 
All documents and communications concerning Jeffrey Epstein's involvement in 
J.P. Morgan's investment in Highbridge Capital Management, including but not limited to the 
introduction of Glenn Dubin to Jes Staley. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, burdensome, 
designed to harass Respondents and/or third parties and not calculated to lead to the discovery of 
relevant information to the extent it seeks information not related to the Fund at issue. 
20. 
All documents and communications concerning the affidavit of Glenn Dubin 
attached to the Third-Party Claim, including but not limited to the statements made in the 
affidavit and the creation of the affidavit. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, and burdensome. 
Respondents also object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-client 
privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will produce 
responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
21. 
All communications with Glenn Dubin concerning the Fund, any of the Zwim 
Entities, the Third-Party Claimants' investments in the Fund, and/or this arbitration. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, burdensome and 
not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information to the extent it seeks information 
not related to the Fund at issue. Respondents also object because this request invades the work-
product and attorney-client privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, 
Respondents will produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
22. 
All documents concerning any damages alleged in the Third-Party Claim. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. Subject to and without waiving the forgoing objection, Respondents will 
produce responsive documents, if any, that may exist. 
EFTA00729275
--- PAGE 7 ---
23. 
All documents concerning any criminal conviction of Jeffrey Epstein. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information and is designed to harass Respondents and/or third-parties. 
24. 
All communications with any prosecutor or prosecutor's office concerning any 
Criminal Investigation. 
Response: 
Respondents object because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information and is designed to harass Respondents and/or third-parties. 
25. 
All communications with any complainant or his or her attorney concerning any 
Civil Litigation, including but not limited to any settlement with any complainant. 
Response; 
Respondents object because this request is overly broad, vague, burdensome and 
not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information and is designed to harass 
Respondents and/or third-parties. 
Dated: 
New York, New York 
September 
2010 
Respectfully submitted, 
SUSMAN GODFREY L.L.P. 
Stephen D. Susman 
Seth Ard 
654 Madison Avenue, 5th Floor 
New York, New York 10065-8440 
Fax: (212) 336-8340 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Harry P. Susman 
SUSMAN GODFREY L.L.P. 
1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 5100 
Houston, Texas 77002-5096 
Fax: (713) 654-6666 
E-mail: 
EFTA00729276
--- PAGE 8 ---
Attorneys for Respondent Counter-Claimants 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. and Jeepers, 
Inc. 
EFTA00729277

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729278.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA-JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
DEFENDANT EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE TO PLAINTIFF'S MOTION FOR 
PROTECTIVE ORDER AND TO_QUASH SUBPOENA FOR 
DEPOSITION OF JANE DOE NO.3, MOTION TO CONSOLIDATE 
CASES FOR PURPOSES OF DISCOVERY, AND INCORPORATED 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW IN SUPPORT 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through his undersigned counsel, serves his 
Response to Plaintiff's Motion for Protective Order and to Quash Subpoena for Deposition of 
Jane Doe no.3, Motion to Consolidate Cases for Purposes of Discovery, and Incorporated 
Memorandum of Law (hereinafter, the Motion"), with incorporated memorandum of law. In 
support, Defendant states: 
I. 
RESPONSE WITH INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW AS TO 
DEPOSITION OF JANE DOE. NO.3 AND MOTION TO CONSOLIDATE 
a. The Depositions 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 2, filed this federal lawsuit against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein. In 
another separate matter, a Plaintiff, Jane Doe, No. 3., filed her own separate lawsuit against 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein. Plaintiff's counsel represents all Jane Does in cases Jane Doe Nos. 2 
through 7 before this court. 
EFTA00729278
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe. No. 3, served answers to interrogatories wherein she lists certain 
witness that may have knowledge regarding the facts and allegations alleged in her complaint 
including, but not limited to, Jane Doe No. 2. See Exhibit "A", Answer to Interrogatories, No. 
5, in redacted form. In particular, the response to interrogatory number 5 states that Jane Doe 
numbers 2 and 3 accompanied each other to Defendant's estate. Plaintiff admits this much in her 
Motion. Defendant seeks to take the deposition of Jane Doe. No. 3 as a witness in the instant 
matter and as a party in Plaintiff her own case, which she is an unidentified Plaintiff traveling 
under Jane Doe. No. 3. 
In an attempt to resolve this matter by letter correspondence, Defendant agreed and 
offered only to take the deposition of Jane Doe. No. 3 as a witness in all Jane Doe 2-7 cases only 
one time and separately one time as a Party Plaintiff in the matter Jane Doe No. 3 filed against 
Jeffrey Epstein. While this is a reasonable compromise in that Defendant has agreed not to take 
her deposition three (3) times as Plaintiff suspected, Plaintiff's counsel refused to agree. Plaintiff 
cannot file a lawsuit and then expect this court to protect her from being deposed as a party for 
the time period proscribed under the federal rules while at the same time asking this court to 
limit or prevent her deposition testimony as a witness in the instant matter or other Jane Doe 
matters where she has been identified as a witness. 
It is well settled that a Defendant may take the deposition of a party and/or a witness 
before trial. Rule 26, Fed.R.Civ. P., Rule 30, Fed.R. Civ.,P. and Leve v. General Motors Corp., 
F.R.D. 508 (S.D.N.Y. 2967). Jane Doe. Nos. 2 and 3 commenced separate civil actions upon 
the filing of same against Jeffrey Epstein. Therefore, Defendant is entitled to depose Jane Doe 
Nos. 2 and 3 in their own cases at least one time for the proscribed time periods and then as a 
witness in the instant matter or any matter they have knowledge of as reflected in the 
EFTA00729279
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
interrogatory responses. 
Therefore, Defendant has a right to depose each party-plaintiff 
separately and then as a witness at least once. Deposing Jane Doe No. 3 as a witness in the 
instant matter is necessary as that deposition will be tailored toward facts known by Jane Doe. 
No. 3 as those facts pertain to Jane Doe. No. 2's claims in her complaint as opposed to the facts 
alleged by Jane Doe. No. 3 in her individual action. 
Plaintiff's attorneys claim that sitting for more than one deposition will be traumatizing 
does not modify the rules and/or the law with regard to the right to take party and witness 
depositions. Plaintiff offers no expert medical or psychological support, by an affidavit of an 
expert or the Plaintiff herself, to support her position. In almost all instances, none of the 
Plaintiff's sought or received any psychological counseling until the concept of a lawsuit and 
money was introduced. 
A party may, by oral questions take the deposition of any person, 
without leave of court. Rule 30, Fed.R. Civ.,P. Conducting these depositions separately will 
allow for the proper preparation as to each deponent's knowledge as that knowledge pertains to 
the specific case at hand (i.e., whether the deponent is a witness and/or a party plaintiff). Again, 
Defendant is willing to conduct one (1) deposition in connection with each matter before this 
court wherein a Party to one matter is listed as a "witness" in another. That is, if Jane Doe No. 3 
has knowledge as a witness to one or more matters, one "witness" deposition will be held. 
However, Defendant is also permitted to separately take a party-plaintiff deposition of any party-
plaintiff that happens to be a witness of and/or have knowledge of any other party-plaintiff's 
deposition. As such, only two depositions will occur. 
There is no legal basis supporting Plaintiff's proposition that Defendant not be allowed to 
take the deposition of Jane Doe. No. 3 as a witness in the instant matter and as a party-plaintiff in 
Jane Doe. No.3's separately filed action. In fact, Plaintiff's theory flies in the face of the Federal 
EFTA00729280
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
Rules. 
Despite Plaintiff's contention, Defendant is not attempting to depose or call a witness 
for a second deposition without leave of court. Quite the opposite, Plaintiff is simply doing what 
the rules allow for — the taking of a deposition of a party and a witness. 
b. Consolidation For Discovery Is Not Practical 
Next, if this case is consolidated for discovery purposes and depositions are limited only 
to one (1) deposition for a party plaintiff and for a witness that happens to be a party plaintiff in 
another matter, then confusion will result and motions in limine will undoubtedly be filed at a 
later date preventing the use of certain testimony at particular hearings and ultimately at trial. 
Further, since there remain separate party-plaintiffs, admissions or answers to discovery by one 
party, arguably, cannot be used by the Defendant in a consolidated discovery matter against 
another party-plaintiff. As such, consolidation in the instant matter is not warranted in that not 
all common issues of fact are present and the parties are not identical. Kelly v. Kelly, 911 
F.Supp. 66 (N.D. NY 1996)(consolidation refused because it would only serve purpose of 
convenience of some witnesses, actions did not share all witnesses and parties were not 
identical); Borough of Olyphant v. PPL Corporation et al. 153 Fed.Appx. 80, 2005 WL 2673489 
(C.A.3 (P.A.)); Ford Motor Credit Company v. Chiorazzo 529 F.Supp.2d 535 (D. N.J. 2008). 
Under Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 42, the decision to consolidate cases for discovery 
is not mandatory but that decision remains within the sound discretion of the court. In this 
instance, various Jane Does seek to consolidate the cases for discovery purposes. Very clearly, 
the facts and circumstances, as pled and as is reflected in answers to interrogatories, are different 
for each individual, i.e. the dates, the ages, the events, their experiences, witnesses, medical 
and/or psychological treatment, etc. 
Each of the Plaintiffs alleged incident history and post 
EFTA00729281
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
incident history and background is unique to those individuals. While Jane Doe Plaintiffs may 
wish to serve a "standard" set of interrogatories, request for production, or any other type of 
discovery, the Defendant's discovery to the individual Plaintiffs, and certainly their responses, is 
unique to that individual. There will be multiple instances where the discovery is applicable only 
to a specific Jane Doe and not all, such as, physicians, psychologists, parents, siblings, friends, 
employers, teachers, individuals with whom the Plaintiff has had relationships — many of these 
depositions will go to damage related issues wherein the Plaintiffs seek millions of dollars in the 
form of compensation. 
There are some instances where the deposition of a particular individual may be 
applicable to all cases, and defense counsel will suggest, as he did in correspondence directed to 
Plaintiff's counsel that that particular deposition be used in all cases. However, in a vast 
majority of the instances where discovery, deposition and/or paper discovery is being utilized, 
including subpoena which will be sent to many different sources for each of the six Jane Does, 
consolidation serves no purpose. 
Even if this court consolidated the matters requested by Plaintiff, the undersigned would 
still be entitled to additional time to depose any party-plaintiff that is also listed or who has 
knowledge of any aspect of any other party-plaintiff's claim against Jeffrey Epstein. In addition, 
this Court has before it each of the cases filed by certain Plaintiffs against Jeffrey Epstein. 
Therefore, there is no chance of "conflicting results" as to rulings made by the same court and 
the same judge. As such, no true need exists for consolidation. Under Fed.R.Civ.Pro. 42, 
consolidation for discovery is not required, but remains within the sound discretion of the court. 
EFTA00729282
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
IL Conclusion 
In sum, if Jane Doe No. 3 has knowledge as a witness to one or more matters, one 
"witness" deposition will be held as to her witness knowledge. However, Defendant is also 
permitted to separately take Jane Doe. No. 3's deposition as a party-plaintiff. 
WHEREFORE, Defendant requests that this Court deny the Motion, enter an order 
allowing for the relief requested herein and for such other relief as this court deems just and 
proper. 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
Attorney for Defendant Epstein 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
CWECF on this 
day of  April, 2009: 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
ounsel or Plamtill lane Doe 
Jack Alan Goldberger 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jef•ey Epstein 
EFTA00729283
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 7 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN. CRITTON. LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
5611515-3148 Fax 
(Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00729284

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729285.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA-JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
DEFENDANT EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE TO PLAINTIFF'S MOTION FOR 
PROTECTIVE ORDER AND TO_QUASH SUBPOENA FOR 
DEPOSITION OF JANE DOE NO.3, MOTION TO CONSOLIDATE 
CASES FOR PURPOSES OF DISCOVERY, AND INCORPORATED 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW IN SUPPORT 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through his undersigned counsel, serves his 
Response to Plaintiff's Motion for Protective Order and to Quash Subpoena for Deposition of 
Jane Doe no.3, Motion to Consolidate Cases for Purposes of Discovery, and Incorporated 
Memorandum of Law (hereinafter, the Motion"), with incorporated memorandum of law. In 
support, Defendant states: 
I. 
RESPONSE WITH INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW AS TO 
DEPOSITION OF JANE DOE. NO.3 AND MOTION TO CONSOLIDATE 
a. The Depositions 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 2, filed this federal lawsuit against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein. In 
another separate matter, a Plaintiff, Jane Doe, No. 3., filed her own separate lawsuit against 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein. Plaintiff's counsel represents all Jane Does in cases Jane Doe Nos. 2 
through 7 before this court. 
EFTA00729285
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe. No. 3, served answers to interrogatories wherein she lists certain 
witness that may have knowledge regarding the facts and allegations alleged in her complaint 
including, but not limited to, Jane Doe No. 2. See Exhibit "A", Answer to Interrogatories, No. 
5, in redacted form. In particular, the response to interrogatory number 5 states that Jane Doe 
numbers 2 and 3 accompanied each other to Defendant's estate. Plaintiff admits this much in her 
Motion. Defendant seeks to take the deposition of Jane Doe. No. 3 as a witness in the instant 
matter and as a party in Plaintiff her own case, which she is an unidentified Plaintiff traveling 
under Jane Doe. No. 3. 
In an attempt to resolve this matter by letter correspondence, Defendant agreed and 
offered only to take the deposition of Jane Doe. No. 3 as a witness in all Jane Doe 2-7 cases only 
one time and separately one time as a Party Plaintiff in the matter Jane Doe No. 3 filed against 
Jeffrey Epstein. While this is a reasonable compromise in that Defendant has agreed not to take 
her deposition three (3) times as Plaintiff suspected, Plaintiff's counsel refused to agree. Plaintiff 
cannot file a lawsuit and then expect this court to protect her from being deposed as a party for 
the time period proscribed under the federal rules while at the same time asking this court to 
limit or prevent her deposition testimony as a witness in the instant matter or other Jane Doe 
matters where she has been identified as a witness. 
It is well settled that a Defendant may take the deposition of a party and/or a witness 
before trial. Rule 26, Fed.R.Civ. P., Rule 30, Fed.R. Civ.,P. and Leve v. General Motors Corp., 
F.R.D. 508 (S.D.N.Y. 2967). Jane Doe. Nos. 2 and 3 commenced separate civil actions upon 
the filing of same against Jeffrey Epstein. Therefore, Defendant is entitled to depose Jane Doe 
Nos. 2 and 3 in their own cases at least one time for the proscribed time periods and then as a 
witness in the instant matter or any matter they have knowledge of as reflected in the 
EFTA00729286
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
interrogatory responses. 
Therefore, Defendant has a right to depose each party-plaintiff 
separately and then as a witness at least once. Deposing Jane Doe No. 3 as a witness in the 
instant matter is necessary as that deposition will be tailored toward facts known by Jane Doe. 
No. 3 as those facts pertain to Jane Doe. No. 2's claims in her complaint as opposed to the facts 
alleged by Jane Doe. No. 3 in her individual action. 
Plaintiff's attorneys claim that sitting for more than one deposition will be traumatizing 
does not modify the rules and/or the law with regard to the right to take party and witness 
depositions. Plaintiff offers no expert medical or psychological support, by an affidavit of an 
expert or the Plaintiff herself, to support her position. In almost all instances, none of the 
Plaintiff's sought or received any psychological counseling until the concept of a lawsuit and 
money was introduced. 
A party may, by oral questions take the deposition of any person, 
without leave of court. Rule 30, Fed.R. Civ.,P. Conducting these depositions separately will 
allow for the proper preparation as to each deponent's knowledge as that knowledge pertains to 
the specific case at hand (i.e., whether the deponent is a witness and/or a party plaintiff). Again, 
Defendant is willing to conduct one (1) deposition in connection with each matter before this 
court wherein a Party to one matter is listed as a "witness" in another. That is, if Jane Doe No. 3 
has knowledge as a witness to one or more matters, one "witness" deposition will be held. 
However, Defendant is also permitted to separately take a party-plaintiff deposition of any party-
plaintiff that happens to be a witness of and/or have knowledge of any other party-plaintiff's 
deposition. As such, only two depositions will occur. 
There is no legal basis supporting Plaintiff's proposition that Defendant not be allowed to 
take the deposition of Jane Doe. No. 3 as a witness in the instant matter and as a party-plaintiff in 
Jane Doe. No.3's separately filed action. In fact, Plaintiff's theory flies in the face of the Federal 
EFTA00729287
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
Rules. 
Despite Plaintiff's contention, Defendant is not attempting to depose or call a witness 
for a second deposition without leave of court. Quite the opposite, Plaintiff is simply doing what 
the rules allow for — the taking of a deposition of a party and a witness. 
b. Consolidation For Discovery Is Not Practical 
Next, if this case is consolidated for discovery purposes and depositions are limited only 
to one (1) deposition for a party plaintiff and for a witness that happens to be a party plaintiff in 
another matter, then confusion will result and motions in limine will undoubtedly be filed at a 
later date preventing the use of certain testimony at particular hearings and ultimately at trial. 
Further, since there remain separate party-plaintiffs, admissions or answers to discovery by one 
party, arguably, cannot be used by the Defendant in a consolidated discovery matter against 
another party-plaintiff. As such, consolidation in the instant matter is not warranted in that not 
all common issues of fact are present and the parties are not identical. Kelly v. Kelly, 911 
F.Supp. 66 (N.D. NY 1996)(consolidation refused because it would only serve purpose of 
convenience of some witnesses, actions did not share all witnesses and parties were not 
identical); Borough of Olyphant v. PPL Corporation et al. 153 Fed.Appx. 80, 2005 WL 2673489 
(C.A.3 (P.A.)); Ford Motor Credit Company v. Chiorazzo 529 F.Supp.2d 535 (D. N.J. 2008). 
Under Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 42, the decision to consolidate cases for discovery 
is not mandatory but that decision remains within the sound discretion of the court. In this 
instance, various Jane Does seek to consolidate the cases for discovery purposes. Very clearly, 
the facts and circumstances, as pled and as is reflected in answers to interrogatories, are different 
for each individual, i.e. the dates, the ages, the events, their experiences, witnesses, medical 
and/or psychological treatment, etc. 
Each of the Plaintiffs alleged incident history and post 
EFTA00729288
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
incident history and background is unique to those individuals. While Jane Doe Plaintiffs may 
wish to serve a "standard" set of interrogatories, request for production, or any other type of 
discovery, the Defendant's discovery to the individual Plaintiffs, and certainly their responses, is 
unique to that individual. There will be multiple instances where the discovery is applicable only 
to a specific Jane Doe and not all, such as, physicians, psychologists, parents, siblings, friends, 
employers, teachers, individuals with whom the Plaintiff has had relationships — many of these 
depositions will go to damage related issues wherein the Plaintiffs seek millions of dollars in the 
form of compensation. 
There are some instances where the deposition of a particular individual may be 
applicable to all cases, and defense counsel will suggest, as he did in correspondence directed to 
Plaintiff's counsel that that particular deposition be used in all cases. However, in a vast 
majority of the instances where discovery, deposition and/or paper discovery is being utilized, 
including subpoena which will be sent to many different sources for each of the six Jane Does, 
consolidation serves no purpose. 
Even if this court consolidated the matters requested by Plaintiff, the undersigned would 
still be entitled to additional time to depose any party-plaintiff that is also listed or who has 
knowledge of any aspect of any other party-plaintiff's claim against Jeffrey Epstein. In addition, 
this Court has before it each of the cases filed by certain Plaintiffs against Jeffrey Epstein. 
Therefore, there is no chance of "conflicting results" as to rulings made by the same court and 
the same judge. As such, no true need exists for consolidation. Under Fed.R.Civ.Pro. 42, 
consolidation for discovery is not required, but remains within the sound discretion of the court. 
EFTA00729289
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
IL Conclusion 
In sum, if Jane Doe No. 3 has knowledge as a witness to one or more matters, one 
"witness" deposition will be held as to her witness knowledge. However, Defendant is also 
permitted to separately take Jane Doe. No. 3's deposition as a party-plaintiff. 
WHEREFORE, Defendant requests that this Court deny the Motion, enter an order 
allowing for the relief requested herein and for such other relief as this court deems just and 
proper. 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
Attorney for Defendant Epstein 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
CWECF on this 
day of  April, 2009: 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
Counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe #2 
Jack Alan Goldberger 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00729290
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 7 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
Rillilliiii, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
3401 
EFTA00729291

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729292.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR 
PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 502008CA037319XXXXMB AB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendants. 
EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO 
MOTION 
FOR LEAVE TO ADD A CLAIM FOR PUNITIVE DAMAGES 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), submits this Response in Opposition to 
Plaintiff's, 
("M"), Motion for Leave to Amend to Add a Claim Under RICO' and 
Punitive Damages ("Motion"), and states: 
1. 
On December 11, 2009, BB2 filed her Motion seeking to add a claim for 
punitive damages against Epstein. 
Her Motion and support thereof is completely 
deficient. 
2. 
Section 768.72(1), Florida Statutes, which governs punitive damages, 
provides in pertinent part: 
In any civil action, no claim for punitive damages shall be 
permitted unless there is a reasonable showing by 
evidence in the record or proffered by the claimant which 
would provide a reasonable basis for recovery of such 
damages. 
Epstein will address the RICO claim via a otion to Dismiss. 
) Despite 
attempt to claim anonymity, 
and her attorneys (not Epstein) identified 
by name and 
address in her Exhibit E attached to the Motion 
EFTA00729292
--- PAGE 2 ---
ELKSP1t10i0 
Case No. 502008CA037319XXXXMlia 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to 
Motion for Leave to Add a Claim for Punitive Damages 
Page 2 of 10 
(Emphasis added). 
3. 
To merit an award of punitive damages, a defendant's actions as to this 
Plaintiff must enter the realm of willful and wanton misconduct, which has been defined 
as conduct of a: 
gross and flagrant character, evincing reckless disregard of 
human life, or of the safety of persons exposed to its 
dangerous effects, or there is that entire want of care which 
would raise the presumption of a conscious indifference to 
consequences, or which shows wantonness or recklessness, 
or a grossly careless disregard of the safety and welfare of 
the public, or that reckless indifference to the rights of others 
which is equivalent to an intentional violation of them. 
See White Constr. Co. v. Dupont, 455 So. 2d 1026, 1029 (Fla. 1984). 
4. 
proffer and attached exhibits fail to make a reasonable showing or 
provide a reasonable basis for recovery of punitive damages. 
5. 
attaches no affidavit; nor is there a proffer of "what" occurred. 
proffer is extremely vague and non-specific and thus fails to provide a reasonable basis 
for her to recover punitive damages. So what occurred? 
6. 
also fails to identify even one question or answer in the over 900 
pages of deposition testimony attached to her Motion to support her punitive damage 
claim. In the 900 plus pages of deposition testimony, neither Jeffrey Epstein, 
nor Michael Reiter provides any evidence related to. or which would support 
the Motion. 
7. 
The Court must therefore deny 
Motion. 
EFTA00729293
--- PAGE 3 ---
v. Eggeiri 
Case No. 502006CA037319XXXXM= 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to 
Motion for Leave to Add a Claim for Punitive Damages 
Page 3 of 10 
Fails to Cite any Specific Evidence or Make a 
Specific Proffer in Support of Her Claim for Punitive Damages 
8. 
In her Motion, 
makes a broad and generalized proffer that evidence 
will be presented that "Epstein committed sex acts, and other criminal acts, against 
Plaintiff while Plaintiff was a minor." See Motion ¶11. However, she fails to specify the 
sex acts in question, when it allegedly occurred, where it allegedly occurred and how it 
allegedly occurred. 
9. 
also asserts that evidence will be presented that Epstein "sought out 
underprivileged and economically disadvantaged minor females, including Plaintiff, and 
preyed upon them to satisfy him sexually." Again, 
fails to proffer any specific 
evidence, but instead relies on the general statement that Epstein "preyed upon them to 
satisfy him sexually." 
Is 
claiming she was underprivileged or economically 
disadvantaged? If so, such a claim is not supported anywhere in her Motion. 
10. 
The foregoing vague and ambiguous proffers hardly provide a reasonable 
basis for the recovery of punitive damages for M. 
11. 
Next, ■ 
cites and attaches the depositions of Jeffrey Epstein (Exhibit B), 
(Exhibit C) and Michael Reiter (Exhibit D) and 
Supplemental 
Interrogatory Answers (Exhibit E) as support for her punitive damage claim. However, 
fails to identify one question or answer, one page, or one line from over 900 pages 
of testimony. 
Does 
expect the Court (or Epstein) to cull through almost one 
thousand pages of deposition testimony and guess as to which testimony may support 
her position? 
EFTA00729294
--- PAGE 4 ---
■_v-,Epslel0 
Case No. 502008CA037319XXXXMIU5, 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to MI Motion for Leave to Add a Claim for Punitive Damages 
Page 4 of 10 
12. 
Such a vague reference to Exhibits B — D cannot constitute a "reasonable 
showing by evidence in the record ... which would provide a reasonable basis for 
recovery of [punitive] damages." 
See Fla. Stat. §768.72. 
Without identifying the 
pertinent deposition testimony, it is impossible to determine whether • 
can meet her 
burden under Fla. Stat. §768.72. 
Motion was done "on the cheap;" it is 
voluminous, but has no substance. 
13. 
Accordingly, Epstein urges the court to disregard 
reliance on Exhibits 
B — D in determining the instant Motions. 
14. 
In addition, without citing any authority or making any argument, 
concludes she is entitled to an adverse inference based on Epstein's invocation of his 
Fifth Amendment rights in response to deposition questions. However, reliance on 
adverse inferences is no substitute for independent evidence needed to make a 
reasonable showing that El is entitled to punitive damages. See Avirgan v. Hull, 932 
F.2d 1572, 1580 (11th Cir. 1991) (holding that "the negative inference to be drawn from 
the assertion of the fifth amendment does not substitute for evidence needed to meet 
the burden of production"); Eagle Hospital Physicians, LLC v. SRG Consulting, Inc., 561 
F.3d 1298, 1304 (11th Cir. 2009) (recognizing that "dismissal following the assertion of 
the Fifth Amendment violates the Constitution where the inferences drawn from Fifth-
Amendment-protected silence are treated as a substitute for the need for evidence on 
an ultimate issue of fact," citing Avirgan). 
EFTA00729295
--- PAGE 5 ---
v. Epstein 
Case No. 502008CA037319XXXXMIUD, 
Epsteln's Response in Opposition to 
Motion for Leave to Add a Claim for Punitive Damages 
Page 5 of 10 
15. 
Nevertheless, 
fails to identify the deposition testimony for which she is 
requesting an adverse inference, and it is therefore impossible for the Court to properly 
evaluate the issue. 
16. 
Last, 
Supplemental Interrogatory Answers provide no evidence that 
she is entitled to punitive damages. Her answers do not even specify what happened in 
her one visit to Epstein's residence.' See Exhibit E. 
describes a conversation with 
a friend (not Epstein) in which she was told before she went that she could make 
money if she performed a massage in her underwear or naked. 
She knew and 
understood what was being requested before she told her friend "yes." 
states she 
went to Epstein's residence, she describes how she came to be there, but she does not 
describe what happened once there. How can this provide a reasonable showing that 
she is entitled to punitive damages when she does not even say what happened? 
17. 
In fact, the deposition testimony cited by 
actually supports Epstein's 
position that his conduct did not rise to the level of a gross and flagrant character. 
Attached as Exhibits A & B, respectively, are excerpts from the depositions of 
and Michael Reiter. 
18. 
Importantly, 
testified that she did not know, nor had ever 
heard of, M. 
See 11/10/09 Deposition of 
at 249. 
Thus, it is 
In her Answer tp_Lnterrogatory No. 15, 
states "See Complaint." In her Complaint (¶9) and Amended 
Complaint (1l9), 
alleges that she went to Epstein's residence in 2005. Yet in her Supplemental 
Answer to Interrogatory No. 15, she states that she went to Epstein's residence in the summer of 2003. 
Where is she not telling the truth? Nevertheless, allegations alone are insufficient to permit a punitive 
damage claim. See Espirito Santo Bank v. Rego 990 So. 2d 1088 (Fla. 3d DCA 2007) 
EFTA00729296
--- PAGE 6 ---
IWylpatern 
Case No. 502008CA037319XXXXMla 
Epstein's Response In Opposition to 
Motion for Leave to Add a Claim for Punitive Damages 
Page 6 of 10 
inconceivable what relevance Ms. 
deposition has to 
claim for punitive 
damages if she has no knowledge of her. In addition, Ms. 
testified that: 
a. Epstein never used physical force or coercion, nor made any threats 
against her. Id. at 252-53; 
b. She was never afraid or concerned for her safety. Id: 
c. She told the 12 girls she brought to Epstein's house to lie about their age 
and say they were 18. None of the girls had any problem lying about their 
age. Id. at 255; 
d. All of the girls knew what to expect and all went willingly. Id. at 255-56; 
e. No one ever expressed any fear or concern after an encounter with 
Epstein. Id. at 257; 
f. No one complained that anything inappropriate occurred. Id. at 259; 
g. Jane Doe No. 7 told a friend that she had to see a therapist in Miami at 
her attorney's request and fake cry, pretend like she was damaged and 
pretend she had been molested; Jane Doe No. 7 was laughing about it. 
Id. at 264; 
h. Jane Doe No. 7 never complained that Epstein acted inappropriately or 
that she suffered any emotional or mental trauma. Id. at 269; 
i. Jane Doe No. 7 told Ms. 
that it would be nice to find an "Epstein" 
in Orlando, that is, a "guy for income." Id. at 278; 
All of the 12 girls she brought over were middle class and not poor. Id. at 
285-87; and 
EFTA00729297
--- PAGE 7 ---
M,  v. Epstein 
Case No. 502008CA037319XXXXna 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to IM Motion for Leave to Add a Claim for Punitive Damages 
Page 7 of 10 
k. Jane Doe No. 7 was spoiled (i.e. not poor or disadvantaged). Id. at 302-
03. 
19. 
Moreover, former Palm Beach Police Chief, Michael Reiter, testified that: 
a. lie had no knowledge of 
nor did the Palm Beach Police Department 
report address any complaint by her. See 11/23/09 Deposition of Michael 
Reiter at 206. 
b. Lanna Belohlavek, state attorney in charge of the sex crimes division, told 
him these were not prosecutable cases. Id. at 308; 
c. The girls who visited Epstein would not be considered victims if they were 
eighteen and there was no force involved. Id. at 308-10; and 
d. Palm Beach Police did not devote resources to prostitution and the state 
attorney discouraged prostitution-related arrests because the cases were 
not prosecutable. As a result, most police departments stopped making 
prostitution-related arrests. Id. at 318-19. 
20. 
In sum, 
made a vague, non-specific proffer, cited almost 1000 pages 
of deposition testimony without specifying one question or answer which may support 
her punitive damage claim and attempts to rely on adverse inferences without 
identifying one question to which Epstein invoked his Fifth Amendment rights. 
21. 
Thus, all that is before the Court relative to punitive damages are 
allegations. Allegations alone are insufficient to support a claim of punitive damages. 
See Espirito Santo Bank v. Rego, 990 So. 2d 1088, 1090 (Fla. 3d DCA 2007). In Rego,
the trial court permitted the plaintiff to amend his complaint to add a claim of punitive 
EFTA00729298
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case No. 502008CA037319XXXXMliala 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to 
Motion for Leave to Add a Claim for Punitive Damages 
Page 8 of 10 
damages because the court incorrectly, believed it was required to permit such 
amendment in every case involving fraud.4 Id. at 1089. The trial court stated: 
In my opinion the conduct for which punitive damages is 
allowable is supposed to be gross negligence or intentional 
misconduct. I do not find, even taking all the evidence in 
the light most favorable to the plaintiff, that it rises to 
that level in this case. 
So but for the Perlman Iv. 
Prudential, 686 So. 2d 1378 (Fla. 3d DCA 1997)1 decision 
I wouldn't be allowing the amendment at all, based on 
the facts, even if they were undisputed ... I'm only 
allowing it in a fraud count and I'm only allowing it because 
the Third District says that I must. 
Id. (Emphasis in original). 
22. 
In reversing the trial court, the Third District Court of Appeal noted that 
"the trial court's error was in reading Perlman expansively to allow a punitive damages 
claim in each instance when fraud is alleged, instead of only when a reasonable 
evidentiary basis has been submitted in support of the fraud claim." Id. at 1090 
(Emphasis in original). The court held the plaintiffs allegations of fraud, without 
evidentiary support, were insufficient to entitle him to amend his complaint to add a 
claim for punitive damages. 
The trial court's allowance of the punitive damages 
amendment "in spite of its finding of insufficient evidence [ J constitute[d] a departure 
from the essential requirements of the law." Id. See also Cypress Aviation, Inc. v. 
Bollea, 826 So. 2d 1091, 1092 (Fla. 2d DCA 2002) (holding that "Florida law is clear" 
that a plaintiff must provide the court with an evidentiary basis before the court may 
• 
makes the same Incorrect suggestion in her Motion: lilt is well settled that jury may award punitive 
damages where there is an intentional tort involving sexual assault/battery.- See Motion ¶8. Although a 
punitive damages amendment and jury award are two separate issues (the latter having no bearing on 
the former), any suggestion that a punitive damage amendment is somehow "automatic" in cases where 
an intentional tort is alleged is false and belied by the case law. 
EFTA00729299
--- PAGE 9 ---
v. Epstein 
Case No. 502008CA037319XXXXMW, 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to 
Motion for Leavo to Add a Claim for Punitive Damages 
Page 9 of 10 
allow an amendment to add a punitive damage claim; even though the pleadings 
alleged fraud, the plaintiff failed to provide any evidentiary basis in support and 
therefore the punitive damage claim should not have been permitted). 
23. 
As demonstrated herein, 
fails to provide an evidentiary basis to 
support her punitive damages claim and thus fails to meet the requirements of Fla. Stat. 
§768.72; that is, a reasonable showing by evidence or proffer which provides a 
reasonable basis for the recovery of punitive damages (i.e. evidence of conduct of a 
gross and flagrant character). 
24. 
Estate of Despain v. Avante Group, Inc. 900 So. 2d 637, 642 (Fla. 5th 
DCA 2005) illustrates the requisite showing to support amendment to add a punitive 
damage claim. In Estate of Despain, the court referred to the "affidavits of witnesses" 
and considered "the proffered facts and the record evidence" in determining whether 
there was a reasonable basis to support recovery of punitive damages. Id. at 639. 
Indeed, the court made a lengthy summary of the record evidence and proffered facts 
before concluding that such supported a claim for punitive damages. Id. at 644. 
25. 
And while the court in Estate of Despain held that a party may proffer 
evidence to support its claim of punitive damages, no where did the court suggest a 
vague and general recitation of allegations can provide a reasonable basis to support a 
punitive damage claim. If such were the law, a plaintiff would be able to commence an 
action one day and file a motion to amend to add punitive damage claims the next day 
by parroting the allegations of the complaint and calling them a proffer. Such an 
application of the rule would contravene the spirit of Fla. Stat. § 768.72, which requires 
EFTA00729300
--- PAGE 10 ---
M. v. EpstS.
Case No. 502008CA037319)OOO(NREM 
Epstein's Response in Opposition to 
Motion for Leave to Add a Claim for Punitive Damages 
Page 10 of 10 
a reasonable showing that provides a reasonable basis for recovery of punitive 
damages. 
26. 
Accordingly, this Court must deny 
Motion 
WHEREFORE, Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, respectfully requests the Court 
deny 
Motion to amend her complaint to add a claim for punitive damages and 
grant any additional relief the Court deems just and proper. 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was sent by fax and U.S. 
Mail to the following addressees on this 
Theodore J. Leopold, Esq. 
Spencer T. Kuvin, Esq. 
Leopold-Kuvin, P.A. 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
Fax: 561 697 2383 
Counsel for Plaintiffs. 
day of January 2010: 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger & 
Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Fax: 561 835 8691 
Co-counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER 
& COLEMAN, LLP 
303 Banyan Blvd., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
(561) 842-2820 
(561) 515-3148 Fax 
By: 
D. Critton, Jr. 
Florida Bar #224162 
Michael J. Pike 
Florida Bar #617296 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00729301

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729302.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF 
APPEAL OF THE STATE OF 
FLORIDA, FOURTH DISTRICT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
STATE OF FLORIDA, 
Respondent. 
/ 
CASE NO. 4D09-2554 
PALM BEACH COUNTY 
L.T. CASE NO. 2008 CF 009381A 
RESPONSE TO MOTION TO SUPPLEMENT THE RECORD 
Petitioner, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, files this response to the Motion to 
Supplement the Record filed by Respondent, B.B. on August 5, 2009. Mr. Epstein 
has no objection to the motion. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing has been sent by mail 
this 
day of August, 2009, to: 
JEFFREY H. SLOMAN 
U.S. Attorney's Office-Southern District 
500 South Australian Avenue, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
WILLIAM J. BERGER 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Counsel for E.W. 
JUDITH STEVENSON ARCO 
State Attorney's Office-West Palm Beach 
401 North Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
DEANNA K. SHULLMAN 
400 North Ashley Drive, Suite 1100 
P. O. Box 2602 (33601) 
Tampa, FL 33602 
Counsel for The Palm Beach Post 
EFTA00729302
--- PAGE 2 ---
SPENCER T. KUVIN 
DIANA L. MARTIN 
LEOPOLD-KUVIN, P.A. 
2925 PGA Boulevard, Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
Counsel for B.B. 
HONORABLE JEFFREY COLBATH 
15th Judicial Circuit 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
205 North Dixie Highway 
Room 11F 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
ROBERT D. CRITTON of 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
and 
JACK A. GOLDBERGER of 
ATTERI3URY, GOLDBERGER & WEISS, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
FL 33401 
and 
JANE KREUSLER-WALSH and 
REBECCA MERCIER VARGAS of 
KREUSLER-WALSH, COMPIANI & VARGAS, P.A. 
501 South Flagler Drive, Suite 503 
.West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5913 
Counsel for Petitioner 
By:
Wif eA
k. 
.RA. JANE KREUSLER-W 
Florida Bar No. 272371 
O5A- C1- 65`i 
EFTA00729303

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729304.pdf
----------------------------------------
JUDICIAL ARBITRATION AND MEDIATION SERVICE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
FORTRESS VRF I LLC and 
FORTRESS VALUE RECOVERY FUND I LLC, 
Claimants, 
v. 
JEEPERS, INC. 
Respondents, 
and 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC., and 
JEEPERS, INC., 
Counter-Claimants and 
Third-Party Claimants, 
v. 
FORTRESS VALUE RECOVERY FUND I LLC, 
Counter-Respondents, 
and 
D.B. ZWIRN PARTNERS, LLC, 
D.B. ZWIRN & CO, L.P., 
DBZ GP, LLC, ZWIRN HOLDINGS, LLC, 
and DANIEL ZWIRN, 
Third-Party Respondents. 
• 
Ref. No.: 1425006537 
• 
THIRD-PARTY RESPONDENTS' RESPONSE TO FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, 
INC.'S AND JEEPERS, INC.'S STATEMENT OF COUNTERCLAIM AND THIRD-
PARTY CLAIM 
1. 
D.B. Zwim Partners, LLC (n/k/a Irvington Associates, LLC) ("the Fund GP"), 
D.B. Zwim & Co, L.P. (n/k/a Irvington Management, L.P.) ("the Investment Manager"), DBZ 
GP, LLC (n/k/a Irvington GP, LLC) ("the Investment Manager GP"), Zwim Holdings, LLC 
EFTA00729304
--- PAGE 2 ---
(n/k/a Irvington Holdings, LLC) ("the Holding Company") and Daniel Zwirn ("Zwirn") 
(together, "Third-Party Respondents") generally deny the allegations in Financial Trust 
Company, Inc.'s ("Financial Trust") and Jeepers Inc.'s ("Jeepers") (together, "Third-Party 
Claimants") Statement of Counterclaim and Third-Party Claim. 
2. 
Among other things, Zwim never promised Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") that the 
Fund would honor a withdrawal request for $80 million, or any withdrawal request that was not 
made in accordance with the contractual requirements applicable thereto. The allegation that 
Zwim so promised is a recent fabrication: Epstein and Third-Party Claimants did not reference 
such a promise in any subsequent communications concerning their withdrawal requests, and 
never documented the promise in any of their communications with any Third-Party Respondent. 
Also, Zwirn's disclosures to investors were neither misrepresentations, misleading nor negligent. 
FIRST AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
3. 
Epstein communicated to the Fund GP that the November 13, 2006 request for 
partial withdrawal (the "Partial Withdrawal Request") from the D.B. Zwirn Special 
Opportunities Fund L.P. n/k/a/ Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC ("the Fund") was 
withdrawn so long as the Fund GP consented to and the Investment Manager assisted with the 
transfer of Financial Trust's interests in the Fund, and did so prior to the end of 2006. In reliance 
on that representation, the Fund GP approved the transfer and the Investment Manager undertook 
substantial efforts to facilitate the transfer, and Financial Trust's interests were transferred to 
Jeepers before the end of 2006. 
4. 
By reason of the foregoing, Third-Party Claimants are estopped, in whole or in 
part, from denying that the Partial Withdrawal Request had been withdrawn. 
EFTA00729305
--- PAGE 3 ---
SECOND AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
5. 
In mid-November, in late January, and on March 27, 2007, Third-Party Claimants 
were informed that the Partial Withdrawal Request would not be honored; on March 27, 2007, 
Third-Party Claimants were informed that the withdrawal request made on or about February 14, 
2007 would not be honored; and on May 15, 2007, when any withdrawal request effective as of 
the end of the first quarter of 2007 would have been payable, no payment from the Fund to 
Third-Party Claimants was made. 
6. 
Third-Party Claimants were informed of all accounting or financial irregularities 
of which Third-Party Claimants now complain by no later than March 26, 2007. 
7. 
By reason of the foregoing, the claims of Third-Party Claimants against Third-
Party Respondents arc barred in \\ hole or in part by the applicable statute of limitations. 
THIRD AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
8. 
Third-Party Claimants' investments in the Fund were made at live different times, 
and each investment was subject to successive two-year lock-up periods. In November 2006, 
those investments would not have been available for withdrawal until substantially into the 
future, including as late as year-end 2008. Had Third-Party Claimants given effective notice for 
a complete withdrawal request in November 2006, most of the withdrawals would not have been 
payable until substantially into the future, if at all. Further, in no circumstances could 
investments be withdrawn immediately from the Fund. 
EFTA00729306
--- PAGE 4 ---
9. 
By reason of the foregoing, an alleged oral contract in November 2006 to permit 
Third-Party Claimants to make a partial withdrawal of $80 million in exchange for a promise not 
to make a complete withdrawal request would fail for lack of consideration. 
FOURTH AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
10. 
Third-Party Claimants' Statement of Counterclaim and Third-Party Claim fails to 
state a claim for breach of contract as to the Investment Manager, the Investment Manager GP, 
Holding Company, and Zwim because they were not parties to the contract. 
FIFTH AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
11. 
Third-Party Claimants' Statement of Counterclaim and Third-Party Claim fails to 
state a claim for promissory estoppel as to the Investment Manager, Investment Manager GP, 
and Holding Company because none of these parties had any obligation to make payment on a 
withdrawal request made by an investor in the Fund. 
SIXTH AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
12. 
Third-Party Claimants' Statement of Counterclaim and Third-Party Claim fails to 
state a claim for fraud as to the Investment Manager, Investment Manager GP, and Holding 
Company because the Statement of Counterclaim and Third-Party Claim does not allege that 
these parties made any misrepresentations to the Third-Party Claimants. 
SEVENTH AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
13. 
Third-Party Claimants' Statement of Counterclaim and Third-Party Claim fails to 
state a claim for breach of fiduciary duty as to the Investment Manager, Investment Manager GP, 
or Holding Company because the Statement of Counterclaim and Third-Party Claim does not 
allege that these parties owed or breached a fiduciary duty to the Third-Party Claimants. 
EFTA00729307
--- PAGE 5 ---
EIGHTH AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
14. 
Third-Party Claimants' Statement of Counterclaim and Third-Party Claim fails to 
state a claim for negligent misrepresentation as to the Investment Manager, Investment Manager 
GP, and Holding Company because the Statement of Counterclaim and Third-Party Claim does 
not allege that these parties made any misrepresentations to the Third-Party Claimants. 
EFTA00729308
--- PAGE 6 ---
Dated: New York, New York 
June 25, 2010 
COOLEY LLP 
By: 
StX
A an Levine 
William O'Brien 
Arastu K. Chaudhury 
1114 Avenue of the Americas 
Attorneys for Third-Party Respondents D.B. Zwirn 
Partners, LLC (n/k/a Irvington Associates, LLC), 
D.B. Zwirn & Co., L.P. (n/k/a Irvington 
Management , L.P.), DBZ GP, LLC (n/k/a Irvington 
GP, LLC), and Zwirn Holdings, LLC (n/k/a 
Irvington Holdings, LLC). 
LANKLER SIFFERT & WOHL LLP 
By: 
John 
S e 
Daniel E. Reynolds 
Andrew S. Lee 
500 Fifth Avenue 
New York, New York 10110 
Attorneys for Third-Party Respondent Daniel Zwirn 
EFTA00729309

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729310.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729310.pdf
----------------------------------------
Resume of 
QUALIFICATIONS: 
Over 27 years experience of design, management and leadership skills in landscaping, construction and 
business. Diverse knowledge of planning, production, estimating, cost and time management. Hands on 
experience in scheduling, troubleshooting and site supervision. Continual completion of educational courses to 
keep current with new concepts and processes, including chemical application procedures and pesticide 
licensing (specifically natural, organic applications), and extensive experience and training of computer 
programs such as CAD landscaping programs, Word, Excel and scheduling software. Bilingual (Spanish) very 
organized, well spoken, pleasant, motivated and hard working. 
EXPERIENCE: 
December 2009 to present 
Love City Home & Garden Center 
A Estate Adrian 
St. John, US Virgin Islands 
Co-owner/joint venture partner of the new Home & Garden center in St. John. I am back home in the 
Virgin Islands after over 15 years of career and family building in the United States. My duties here include 
starting the business by allocating and negotiating the lease hold, appropriating the correct licensing and trade 
name for the entities and managing the improvements and construction of the Home and Garden Center. This 
business consists of a co-op of several separately owned businesses that include interior design, furniture sales, 
plant sales, and specialized landscape design masonry stone work. 
September 2006 to November 2009 
Horticulture Unlimited, Inc 
3624 N. Richey Blvd. 
Tucson, AZ 
Design/Build Division Manager for the landscape construction division. Duties include all outside sales of 
all high end residential, commercial and home builder projects. All designs are computer generated and 
professionally presented. Project management, permitting, scheduling and allocations are an integral part of 
this position. Created company spread sheets in Excel for estimating, job and leads tracking and job progress 
reports. Sales average about $1,000,000 per year with 82% bid to close ratio. My projects have won four 
judges awards in the past three years. Several local magazines have published six of my projects and two 
national magazines featured my work. 
August 2007 to June 2008 
Fleur De Lis Landscaping Institute 
1133 S. Swan Road 
Tucson, AZ 
Instructor for evening classes in construction management and small business courses. Taught and 
prepared courses, including GAAP accounting principles, followed prepared syllabus, maintained grade & 
attendance spread sheets and reported grades. 
EFTA00729310
--- PAGE 2 ---
Resume of 
Rosalee H. Gage 
Pg 2 
June 2004 to August 2006 
Santa Rita Landscaping 
755 W. Grant Rd. 
Tucson, AZ 
Landscape Sales and Design in the Design/Build Division. Responsibilities include customer relations, 
sales, design and bid review. Was awarded the 2005 Top Sales/Designer with over 1.2 million in sales and won 
judges awards form ALCA for two residential projects. Developed exclusive relationships with several custom 
builders & landscape architects, focusing on water harvesting, erosion control and SWPP (storm water pollution 
prevention). 
July 2003 to July 2004 
Minine's Plants and Landscaping 
Beef Island, Tortola 
British Virgin Islands 
Landscape Manager of BVI based projects including maintenance, irrigation and landscape 
construction. Responsible for the supervision of all crews and subcontractors, meeting with clients for sales and 
designs, scheduling, ordering and equipment maintenance. Actively involved with renovations of the pool area 
of Sir Richard Branson's Necker Island resort/home. Worked with Nail Bay on Landscaping projects and with 
residents on drainage and irrigation issues. 
February 2000 to June 2003 
Vila and Son Landscaping Corp. 
West Palm Beach, Florida 
Project Manager for the West Palm Beach branch of South Florida's largest landscape construction 
company. Instrumental in the development of a new branch from a one million dollar contract and two crews, 
to West Palm Beach's top landscaping firms with 13 million in revenues and seventeen crews. Personally 
responsible for the sales, estimating, contract negotiations and client relations of up to 4 million annually. Bid 
and was awarded contract with Palm Beach County for tree replacement through Federal grants with projects 
totaling 4.4 million dollars. Winner of 'Best of Best in Construction' 2002 for design and installation of Tropics 
Café at the Palm Beach Zoo. Managed up to 12 landscape, irrigation and maintenance crews. 
March 1998 to February 2000 
Hawk's Cay Resort and Marina 
Duck Key, Florida 
Landscape Manager/Designer for the 40 acre resort. Involved in all the planning, designing and 
purchasing of the newly constructed areas of the resort. Created hardscapes, planting plans and a recycled 
water irrigation system for several new buildings, villas and pool areas. Worked with CZM on environmental 
issues such as water retention and re-vegetation for the entire property. Responsible for 9 person maintenance 
crew and assignments, projecting and maintaining an operational budget and implementing hurricane 
preparedness and quick recovery. 
July 1993 to March 1998 
Tropic Landscape Company 
Homestead, Florida 
Operations Manager for a landscape construction company. Helped build the small, (one hundred and 
fifty thousand in revenues) family business to earning revenues of more than 2 million. Bid and contracted 2 
million dollar U. S. Forestry service tree planting grant, maintaining proper reports and billing processes. 
Developed office procedures and implemented company's first use of computers. 
EFTA00729311
--- PAGE 3 ---
Resume of 
Rosalee H. Gage 
Pg. 3 
January 1988 to June 1993 
Landscape Specialists of St. Croix, 
Blue Dolphin Divers, 
My Little Princesse, 
Absolutely Green 
St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands 
Owner, co-owner and manager of several small businesses, a landscaping and maintenance company, 
a dive operation, a interior foliage business and a multi unit vacation rental property. Implemented all business 
and accounting processes, obtained all licenses, insurance and permits needed. Applied for and finalized all 
financing, equipment allocation and purchasing. Oversaw all personnel, payroll and training. Reconstructed 
three establishments after Hurricane Hugo. 
March 1985 to Dec. 1987 
Maxwell Tree Expert Co. 
Ft. Wayne, Indiana 
Manager for the landscape maintenance division. Responsible for operations training on all equipment 
including crane, skid loaders, bucket trucks, etc. Projected revenues, instrumented contracts and oversaw 
subcontractors. Supervised up to five crews. 
EDUCATION, CERTIFICATIONS AND LICENSING: 
July 2002, Palm Beach Community College, received certificate in Centex Rooney's Construction 
Management course. 
July 2000, University of Florida, Cooperative Extension Services, landscape contractor's pesticide license 
and training. 
June 1996, University of Florida, Cooperative Extension Services, private pesticide applicators licensing 
and training, 
June 1993, 
certified SCUBA Dive Instructor training and certification. Earned thirteen 
certifications up to Master SCUBA Diver Trainer. 
Sept. 1987, Federal Aviation Authority, received private pilot's license to fly single engine planes. 
February 1987, Ft. Wayne Ground School, studied for and passed written FAA flight test with 98% for 
Private Pilot 
• 
May 1986, St. Frances College, Ft. Wayne, Indiana, completion of Landscape Technology and Design 
Certification. 
March 1985, Purdue University, Lafayette, Indiana, completed and received Indiana State Pesticide 
Applicators license. 
June 1979, Indiana Vocational & Technical College, Ft. Wayne, Indiana, completion of business 
management courses. 
References provided upon request. 
EFTA00729312

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729313.pdf
----------------------------------------
HEATHER MCDOWELL 
Email: 
EXPERIENCE 
Antiquorum USA, Inc. 
Business Coordinator, Auction Manager 
New York, NY 
March 2006-Present 
• 
Manage and organize logistical aspects of New York City auctions: including security, decor, securing location, timing, 
and client participation. 
• 
Register bidders and process bids before and during auctions. Input all auction information into databases. 
• 
Provide client services, process all shipments of merchandise, maintain databases of all inventory received and 
delivered, manage all catalogue subscriptions and book sales. 
• 
Complete all accounting aspects and advertising sales of Timezone.com (website owned by Antiquorum), including 
invoicing, site administration, and advertising sales. 
Experience Experience (e2) LLC 
New York, NY 
Principal, Business Manager, Producer 
January 2007 February 
2008 
• 
Oversee and manage all day to day business affairs of the music, film, and non-profit worlds for my client and business 
partner. 
• 
Produce film and music projects - from development to final product. (Most recent example: "Pop Life" music video by 
Pras Michel. Secured investors, Raised Sponsorship: Clients include: Audemars Piguet, Don Julio Tequila. Elite 
Traveler Magazine, Sunseeker Yachts, and Miskeen T-Shirts. Hire artists and technicians to create video. Exercise 
general supervision of all stages of production of video filmed in 7 International cities. 
• 
Advise and counsel talent/artist about professional matters and personal decisions which may affect his career. 
US Concepts 
New York, NY 
Luxury Brand Ambassador 
Feb 2004- May 2006 
• 
Represent and effectively showcase luxury brands at events, VIP functions, and business gatherings. 
• 
Promote and market up to 40 various Diageo Brand spirits and wine to clients and consumers in bars, restaurants and 
events. 
• 
Fulfill duties as On-Site Manager at given promotions; including managing other staff, recording effectiveness of 
advertising, and acting as "go-to" person for the client and account representatives. 
New York City Concours d• Elegance 
New York, NY 
Event Director, Executive Assistant to Chairman 
July 2005- January 2006 
• 
Responsible for selling advertising and sponsorship for the NYC Concours inaugural event Sept 30.Oct 2, 2005. 
• 
Secured 5 of the 9 sponsors for the event. (Bombardier FlexJet. Diageo Brand Liquor, Michel Perchin Pens. Davidoff 
Cigars, and Hennessey Cognac). 
• 
Assist in coordination, planning, and execution of the 3-day Classic Car Show. 
• 
Complete all necessary administrative tasks for Chairman of the NYC Concours. 
Impatto Custom Marketing 
Product Specialist - Lincoln. Mercury Automobiles 
New York, NY 
Nov 2005 - Nov 2006 
EFTA00729313
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
Effectively represent and educate consumers on the brand and the current products produced by Lincoln/Mercury. 
• 
Converse with continual flow of people at specific events while maintaining a high level of energy. enthusiasm. 
friendliness, and assure approachability. 
• 
Oversee and manage designated teams to ensure most effective reaching of all consumers. 
EDUCATION 
Westmont College 
1996-2000 
Santa Barbara, CA 
BA in Spanish, Minor in Fine Arts (design, painting, drawing. and mixed media) 
La Universidad del Pals Vasco 
2000 
San Sebastian, Spain 
Intensive language/culture study 
La Universidad Andres Bello 
1998 
Santiago, Chile 
Intensive language/culture study 
LANGUAGES 
Fluent in Spanish and conversational Italian 
INTERESTS 
Travel, Wine, Gastronomy, Photography, Film, Fashion. Art 
EFTA00729314

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729315.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729315.pdf
----------------------------------------
September 2010 
LSJ LLC 
THe COrporatin Trust Company 
Corporation Trust Center 
1209 Oragne Street 
Wilmington, DE 
19801 
USA 
Dear Sirs, 
OBM INtenraitonal Limited v LSJ LLC 
Thank you for your instructions to act on behalf of the [Respondent] in connection with the above 
matter. 
I write to confirm the basis on which this firm acts for clients in litigation matters. 
Responsibility for the Work 
Mrs. Tana'ania Small shall have conduct of this matter, however you may contact her assistant Mrs. 
Angeline Brathwaite whenever she is unavailable. 
We aim to offer all of our clients an efficient and effective service and I am confident that we will do so 
in this case. However, should there be any aspect of our service with which you are unhappy then 
please raise this with me immediately. If we cannot resolve the difficulty between ourselves, you may 
raise the matter with the Senior Partner, Gerard Farara QC. 
Fees 
Our charges are calculated primarily by reference to time spent by each fee eamer involved. A 
standard charge of 10% of the hourly rate is charged for routine letters and telephone calls unless 
more than 6 minutes is spent on such items. Where disbursements are incurred such as court fees, 
travel expenses, counsel's fees or any expert's fees then these will also be included in our bill. 
The present hourly rate for this matter will be $600. These rates are usually reviewed annually; 
please let me know if you would like to be informed of such revisions. 
In addition to the time spent, we may take into account a number of factors which include the 
complexity of the issues, the speed at which action must be taken, working outside normal office 
hours, the expertise or specialist knowledge that the case requires and, if appropriate, the value of the 
property or subject matter involved. On the basis of the information currently available, we expect 
these factors to be adequately covered by the hourly rates set out above. These rates may be higher 
if, for example, the matter becomes more complex than expected; we will notify you of this. 
EFTA00729315
--- PAGE 2 ---
Terms of Business 
In accordance with our usual practice in such work, bills shall be delivered to you at regular intervals 
for the work carried out during the conduct of the matter. This will of course enable you to budget for 
the costs as the case progresses. 
It is invariably difficult to estimate our fees in a contentious matter, however, we expect our fees to a 
fully litigated trial, excluding photocopying and court fees, to be in the region of $30,000. 
It is also a condition of our retainer in all such matters to ask clients to forward sums of money from 
time to time on account of costs which are anticipated in the following weeks or months. Taking the 
$30,000 estimate, I will require $5,000 on account to start with in this matter. 
All our bills are payable within one calendar month of the date on which they are submitted and we 
reserve the right to charge interest on bills unpaid beyond this period at a rate of 8% per annum from 
the date of the bill. 
Orders for Costs 
The Court has the power to order the unsuccessful party to a claim to pay the reasonable costs 
incurred by the other side. If an agreement cannot be reached on the costs, then the judge will have 
to assess the costs. Costs allowed on assessment are often about 15-20% less than the fees actually 
incurred. Such a costs order is enforceable through the court. 
In the event that you are successful and the costs of the matter fall to be paid by the other party, we 
may be able to claim interest on those costs to be paid as from the date on which the Order for Costs 
was made. To the extent that any of our charges have not been asked for and paid on account we 
will retain this interest. 
Please note that in the event of your being unsuccessful it is highly likely that you will be ordered to 
pay costs to the other party. 
Our liability to you 
We carry full professional indemnity insurance. 
We, for your protection, take this matter very 
seriously and are currently insured in respect of any one claim arising out of a matter 
[In view of the cost of providing such indemnity insurance, we ask you to and you hereby agree to limit 
any single claim which you have against this Firm arising from any one matter to the sum of [ ]. 
Storage & Destruction of Files 
Shortly after the conclusion of this matter your file will be closed and placed into storage. It is 
therefore essential that if you require the return of any of your papers or documents which we hold on 
your behalf as a result of these proceedings you specify these to us which we will of course return to 
you, subject to any lien we may have over them. 
Our files are stored offsite and a charge is incurred by us whenever we need to retrieve a file to be. In 
these circumstances, if you require us to retrieve your file from storage at some later date then we will 
have to make a charge to you for this service. 
EFTA00729316
--- PAGE 3 ---
It is our standard practice to retain files in storage for a period of 6 years. After the expiry of 6 years, 
and unless you have advised us to the contrary in writing, your file will be destroyed. 
If you are unclear about anything in this letter please do not hesitate to contact me. 
Jurisdiction 
This Agreement is to be construed pursuant to the Laws of the British Virgin Islands. You agree that 
any dispute regarding this Agreement and/or arising from, relating to, or connected with the provision 
by us of services to you is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the Eastern Caribbean 
Supreme Court in Tortola, save that at our sole option we may commence proceedings in such 
jurisdiction as you are domiciled or resident. 
Yours sincerely 
FARARA KERINS 
Tana'ania Small 
I agree to the terms set out in this letter. 
Signed: 
Dated: 
EFTA00729317

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729318.pdf
----------------------------------------
11EEDEE3&REEI)ER
ATTORNEYS Af LAw 
L. MARTIN REEDER, At 
DENISE G. REEDER 
C. BRYCE ALBIJ 
DOLLY VOORHEES DAVIS 
GERRY S. GIBSON 
Of Counsel 
May 28, 2009 
By email MM.) 
and U.S. Mail 
Jeffrey Epstein 
do Jack A. Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
L MARTIN REEDER, JR. 
mania tatitte
gSeem 
Re: State and Federal Civil Claims Against Jeffrey Epstein Currently Pending in the U.S. 
District Court for the Southern District of Florida and in the Circuit Court for the Fifteenth 
Judicial District of Florida 
Dear Mr. Epstein: 
This letter will confirm that you have engaged Reeder & Reeder P.A. ("Reeder & Reeder"), 
effective as of May 26, 2009, to provide legal representation to you in connection with the above-
referenced litigation (the "Litigation"). It is understood by you and Reeder & Reeder that you are already 
represented by Burman, Critton, Luther & Coleman, LLP and by Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. as 
your counsel of record in the Litigation. It is further understood that the initial scope of our 
representation will be to assist your counsel of record, as they may request from time to time, in analyzing 
and preserving issues in anticipation of any potential appeals. We also are available to consult with and 
to assist your counsel of record with the preparation of motions and memoranda on an as needed basis. 
I am the Reeder & Reeder attorney who will be responsible for this representation. To the extent 
I believe it to be prudent, efficient and in your best interests, I may assign certain tasks to other Reeder & 
Reeder lawyers, including but not limited to Dolly V. Davis and C. Bryce Albu. I will coordinate our 
efforts with your counsel of record and will keep them informed of the course of action being followed or 
recommended by us. If at any time you wish to consult with me directly about any aspect of the 
representation, I will be happy to do so. You may contact me by phone or email a 
• • 
ide of 
regular business hours, the best way to reach me is by email or by calling my cell, 
In turn, 
you agree to cooperate fully with us and to provide us with all information that may assist in the 
representation. 
As compensation for our services, you agree to pay Reeder & Reeder a fee of S400/hour for my 
time and $250/hour for the time of our associates ("Fees"). In addition, you agree to pay us for 
photocopies ($.25/page), fax charges ($.50/page), postage, Westlaw (legal research) charges and any 
other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the representation ("Costs and Expenses"). We will 
invoice you periodically (typically monthly) for Fees and Costs and Expenses. Payment is due upon 
receipt. Although we do not expect it to be necessary in this case, we reserve the right to charge interest 
at the rate of 1% per month on invoices that are not paid in full within 30 days. 
You agree to deliver us a retainer in the amount of $10,000. We will deposit those funds in our 
REEDER & REEDER P.A. 
250 S. CENTRAL BLVD., Surn 200 
JUPITER. FLORIDA 33458 
561475.9750 84,10 561.575-9765 w*Tmeederindreoletcom 
EFTA00729318
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
do Jack A. Goldberger, Esq. 
May 28, 2009 
Page 2 
trust account and apply them against our invoices. The retainer is not a fixed fee for the representation or 
a maximum fee. As stated above, our fees will be based upon hourly rates. We reserve the right to 
require the retainer to be replenished in whole or in part at any time should the scope of the representation 
change or should we deem it to be necessary to secure payment of our invoices. 
We trust that you will be pleased with our representation of you. You will have the right, 
however, to terminate the representation at any time for any reason by giving written notice of 
termination to us. Similarly, Reeder & Reeder shall have the right to terminate the representation as 
required or permitted by the Rules Regulating the Florida Bar. In the event of a termination, it is 
understood that Reeder & Reeder will be entitled to payment of any unpaid Fees and Costs and Expenses. 
We will cooperate in the transfer of appropriate file documents to you or your new counsel under such 
circumstances. All original client documents of our clients remain the property of our clients. All files 
generated by our firm arc the property of our firm; however, upon payment of any outstanding Fees and 
Costs and Expenses, copies of appropriate file documents will be made available to you. 
If these terms are acceptable, please sign this letter in the space provided below, fax or email a 
signed copy to me, and mail me the original together with a check in the amount of SI 0,000, made 
payable to Reeder & Reeder PA., Trust Account. 
Thank you for the opportunity to be of service to you. We will do our best to help you win these 
cases or to settle them on favorable terms. 
Very truly yours, 
REEDER & REEDER P.A. 
By: 
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 
By 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: 
cc: Robert D. Critton, Jr. (by email only) 
L. Martin Reeder, r. 
REEDER & REEDER P.A. 
EFTA00729319

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729320.pdf
----------------------------------------
Retirement Plans 
Depending on your employment classification, you may be eligible for the 2001 Staff Plan, 1995 
Staff Plan or Faculty Plan. These plans are fully funded by Harvard to help you save for your 
future. 
Once you have met your plan's waiting period, you will receive retirement contributions. You are 
automatically enrolled, and you choose how to invest the contributions Harvard makes to your 
retirement accounts, via the Harvard University Retirement Center. 
Making good investment decisions for your retirement funds is an important part of planning for a 
financially secure future that meets your and your family's needs. You are encouraged to learn 
more about by taking advantage of Harvard's Retirement Education Resources. You should also 
review your plan's Summary Plan Description (at right) for full details about the plans, described 
briefly below. 
Retirement Plan Overviews 
2001 Staff Plan 
1995 Staff Plan 
1989 Staff Plan eligibility 
Faculty Retirement Plan 
Eligibility 
You are eligible to participate in the plan if you: 
are at least age 21, 
have completed the six-month waiting period, and 
hold a professorial appointment or, if your primary appointment is as a 
member of the teaching faculty, carry at least a half-time teaching 
appointment. 
Contributions on your behalf 
• The University helps you prepare for your retirement by paying the full 
cost of the 1973 Retirement Income Plan for Teaching Faculty. 
• If you are under age 40, you will receive contributions equal to 5 
percent of your salary, up to the Social Security wage base 
($106,800 in 2010) and 10 percent for earnings over the wage 
base up to the IRS limits in place for that year. 
If you are over age 40, you will receive contributions equal to 10 
percent of your salary up to the Social Security wage base and 15 
percent for earnings above the wage base up to the IRS limits in 
place for that year. 
EFTA00729320
--- PAGE 2 ---
Accessing retirement funds 
Provided you are vested when you leave Harvard, you may choose to 
receive the University's accumulated contributions, plus any earnings on 
those amounts payable from the applicable investment companies. The 
vendors provide a variety of payment options. Your benefits, and any 
earnings on the University's contributions, are taxable to you when you 
receive them as income. 
Important announcement about changes to retirement investments 
This fall, Harvard is changing the investment funds available through its retirement plans. The 
changes are in response to federal legislation designed to strengthen employee retirement plans. 
This applies to plans funded by the University and those you fund yourself, like TDA. With this 
change, lifecycle funds will become the main retirement investment choice. Lifecycle funds are 
considered "best practice" investments for retirement because they: 
• Are widely diversified across a range of investments 
• Have lower costs 
• Adjust automatically to less risky investments as you get older 
At the same time, the University is preserving choice and flexibility for faculty and staff who want 
other investment options by offering a menu of carefully selected core funds and adding a 
brokerage account option for sophisticated investors, which offers access to thousands of mutual 
funds. 
Harvard is not reducing retirement plan contributions or changing the way the retirement plans 
work. The changes only affect the investment choices. 
Learn more by watching this video and reading more here. 
Vesting in the plans 
The vesting period for each of these plans—the time you must wait before you have a legal right 
to a benefit under the plan—is three years. 
You will automatically become vested before completing three years of service if you reach age 
65, become totally disabled as defined by the plan or die. 
Beneficiaries 
You should designate a beneficiary to receive your retirement savings in the case of your death. 
Beneficiaries should be reviewed periodically, and updated to reflect any family or personal 
changes. Contact the Harvard University Retirement Center for more information. 
EFTA00729321

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729322.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729322.pdf
----------------------------------------
:Ca: HARVARD UNIVERSITY 
la 
O%/ice fit ihtman Resources 
i. 
• 
/ 
, 
.. 
., 
• 
Z
.., 
' N1/4 
' 
/ 
- 
set 
1/4 
••,;, 
, 
)
^ 
\ \i
. 
•
' • 
i 
, 
.
•• ,• • 
\ 
. 
\ 
...". • 
• 
• 
/
•
." 
\ .1/4
. 
.... 
t
'‘ 
: 
• A 
• 
•1/4 
.,\ ; 
N -\:'
,. :5\ / 
. 
f
'  
..;
/ •, 
.' N. 
„,. 
••• 
• \ 
es 
i _ 
, 
' 
' .- 
• / • 
• 
N. . 1.• 
j• 
' 
; 
./: 
.. '1
/4- //- 
\ 
N •••• 
/‘ 
1-‘ 
..., \/ 
1/4  • • 
.\ 
r
• 
• 
, 
N 1/4 
•\ •• • 
: 
/i
f / 
\ ''''' 
k••••  . 
•`\‘ 
••••• 
.. " 
/‘, 
& 
-, r
\ 
.• • 
' 
-1 V
1/4 : 
\ 
4INK, N. 
- ‘N 
/.•
J
. 
\ 
../ ,.." (.: 
\. • ; 
\ 
•1
•• 
Of \... - 
' 
i  ' --• ‘ 
• 
1/4 
. 
\ 
. 
• 1  
.".., 
ti 
\ „ 
" 
\.
)",....1 14,/ 
. 
l 
‘,. 
•-:‘
‘.
en nccinie Pla
for Teaching Faculty of 
Harvard University 
ummary Plag,Descriplion_ 
EFTA00729322
--- PAGE 2 ---
This summary plan description (SPD) 
applies only to participants in the 
Retirement Income Plan for Teaching 
Faculty of Harvard University. This SPD 
is also available on the benefits Web site 
at www.atwork.harvard.edu. 
Participants who are eligible for in the 
2001 Retirement Program should refer 
to the separate summary plan description 
of the 2001 Retirement Program for a 
description of their benefits. 
This program is governed by the terms 
and conditions described in the legal plan 
documents. which may be reviewed in the 
Office of Human Resources. If there are 
differences between this summary and 
the plan documents, the plan documents 
will govern. 
The Benefits Services Group in the Office 
of Human Resources. Holyoke Center. 
Sixth Floor at (617) 4964001. is available 
to answer your questions and provide 
assistance. 
EFTA00729323
--- PAGE 3 ---
Table of Contents 
Introduction 
When Benefits Are Paid 
Plan Highlights 
Retirement. Death or 
Other Termination of Employment 
Plan Design 
Benefits Paid While Employed 
Eligibility 
After Your 65-' Birthday 
Participation 
Minimum Distributions After 
Vesting 
Age 701/2
Benefits 
Qualified Domestic 
Relations Order (QDRO) 
Retirement Income Plan for 
Death Benefits 
Teaching Faculty 
Pre-Retirement Death Benefits 
Eligibility 
After Payments Begin 
Loss of Eligibility 
Disability 
Participation 
Waiting Period 
Other Retirement Income 
Tax-Deferred Annuity Plan 
Contributions 
Social Security 
Contribution Rates 
Maximum Contribution 
Applying for Benefits 
Annual Limit on Total 
When Benefits Are Lost or Reduced 
Retirement Contributions 
Other Important Information 
Sabbatical Leaves and 
Unpaid Leaves 
Plan Identification 
Plan Sponsor 
Investment Options 
Plan Administration/Legal Process 
Investment Changes and 
Fund Transfers 
Benefits Administrative Committee 
Plan Year 
Benefits 
Future of the Plan 
Vesting Requirements 
Plan Termination Insurance—
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation 12 
Forms of Benefits 
Annuity Income 
Your Rights Under ERISA 
Installment Payments and 
Receive Information About Your 
Lump-Sum Withdrawals 
Plan and Benefits 
Possible Tax Implications 
Prudent Actions by Plan Fiduciaries 
of Receiving Distributions 
Enforce Your Rights 
Spousal Waiver Provision 
Assistance with Your Questions 
Directory 
Investment/Annuity Companies 
EFTA00729324
--- PAGE 4 ---
Introduction 
T his booklet describes the Retirement Income Plan 
for Teaching Faculty of H arvard University, as in 
effect on January 1, 2002. Established July 1, 1973, 
this Plan provides retirement income benefits based 
on University contributions paid to selected funds 
offered by the investment vendors listed in this SPD. 
T his Plan is an important part of your benefits 
program, and you should take time to become 
familiar with its terms. You may contact the 
Benefits Services Group in the 0 ffice of H uman 
Resources at (617) 496-4001 for assistance and to 
answer your questions. 
Plan H ighlights 
T his section highlights the major features of the 
plan and is intended only for your broad under-
standing of its provisions. If you have specific 
questions about plan provisions, or you need to 
act on any of its requirements, you should consult 
the more detailed summary plan description (SPD) 
D ) 
that follows and the legal plan documents. 
Plan Design 
T he U niversity funds the retirement benefit by 
making contributions to the investment funds you 
designate from those approved under the plan. 
T hese funds are offered by the investment vendors 
listed in this SPD. University contributions are 
based on your age and compensation as follows: 
If You H ave Not Attained Age 40 Before the First 
Day of the M onth-5% of your compensation up to 
the Social Security tax base (587,000 in 2003) plus 
10% of your compensation over that tax base. 
If You H ave Attained Age 40 Before the First Day 
of the M onth-10% of your compensation up to 
the Social Security tax base, plus 15% of your 
compensation over that tax base. 
T he compensation taken into account is subject to 
an Internal Revenue Code maximum of $200,000 
for 2003. T his amount is adjusted from time to 
time by the IRS to reflect cost-of-living increases. 
Eligibility 
You are eligible for this plan if you are employed 
by the University, you are at least age 21, and either 
you hold a professorial appointment or your primary 
appointment is as a member of the teaching faculty 
and your combined teaching faculty positions 
amount to at least a half time. C ertain others may 
be eligible, as discussed under Eligibility. 
Participation 
Eligible faculty are enrolled after a six-month waiting 
period, and an individual who becomes a participant 
after six months receives retroactive contributions 
for the six-month waiting period (provided that 
the individual was not receiving contributions 
under another University retirement plan during 
the waiting period). 
Vesting 
Faculty hired before July 1, 1995, are immediately 
vested (entitled to plan benefits when they leave 
H arvard) upon enrollment in the plan. Participating 
faculty hired on or after July 1, 1995, will be fully 
vested upon the earliest to occur of the following: 
• Completion of three years of eligible service; 
• Attainment of age 65 while still employed; 
• 0 nset of total disability; 
• Termination of the plan; or 
• Death. 
Benefits 
If you are vested when you retire or leave H arvard, 
the accumulated contributions, plus earnings (if any), 
can be paid to you in a lump sum, as a lifetime 
income under various forms, or under other pay-
ment arrangements available from the investment 
vendors. 
EFTA00729325
--- PAGE 5 ---
Retirement Income Plan 
for Teaching Faculty 
Eligibility 
You are eligible for this plan if you are employed 
at H arvard and: 
• You hold an appointment as a professor, 
associate professor or assistant professor or 
as president or provost of the University or 
• As determined by the appropriate dean, you 
hold as your primary appointment the title of 
instructor, lecturer, critic, tutor, fellow, visiting 
scholar or preceptor, and your combined 
appointments amount to at least a half-time 
employment status. 
Also eligible for this plan are: 
• Persons who were transferred to this plan, 
effective July 1, 1989, from the Retirement Plan 
for Officers of Instruction and Administration, 
1950 (the "1950 Plan") and have continuously 
held officer appointments. T hat transfer, 
prompted by tax code changes, applied to 
T IA A-C REF participants whose total H arvard 
compensation between July 1, 1988, and 
June 30, 1989, exceeded $75,000. 
• Persons who were transferred to the plan 
effective January 1, 2000, from the Section 
403(b) Plan for Trustees for H arvard 
University (the "Trustees' Plan") or who 
were participants in the Trustees for H arvard 
University Retirement Plan for Officers of 
Instruction and Administration (1946) (the 
"1946 Plan") on June 30, 1976 and have contin-
uously held such an appointment as an officer. 
• Persons who have continuously held officer 
appointments with the University since 
June 30, 1973, who would have been enrolled 
in the 1950 Plan, except for the fact that it 
was closed to new members on July 1, 1973. 
• Persons who were former participants in this 
Plan, the 1950 Plan, the 1946 Plan, or the 
Trustees' Plan, who returned to H arvard on at 
least a half-time basis after a break in service 
of less than 50 months or less than the period 
of prior participation in one or more of the 
foregoing plans and any other H arvard plan. 
• Visiting professors and certain other persons 
holding visitors' appointments for at least a 
full term of instruction. 
You are not eligible for this plan if you: 
• Are a temporary or leased employee; 
• H ave an appointment without salary; 
• Are a H arvard C ol lege degree candidate; 
• Area full-time graduate degree or Extension 
School degree candidate who has not completed 
the degree requirements; 
• Are in an in-training status and receiving a 
stipend; or 
• Are accruing a benefit under another 
University retirement plan. 
Loss of Eligibility 
Participants who lose their teaching faculty status 
will lose eligibility for this plan with the exception 
of those non-teaching participants who were in the 
1950 Plan, 1946 Plan or Trustees' Plan and qualify 
on the basis of the provisions described above for 
non-faculty participants. 
EFTA00729326
--- PAGE 6 ---
Participation 
Waiting Period 
You will be eligible to participate in this plan 
on the first of the month after you complete six 
months of qualifying service, provided you are 
at least age 21. "Qualifying service" includes 
half-time or greater service in an eligible status 
described above and service as a regular, benefits-
eligible staff employee 
You would also become eligible to participate in 
the Plan upon completion of a year of service 
during which you are credited with at least 1,000 
hours of service. For determining whether you 
have been credited with 1,000 hours of service in 
a year, the University will initially consider the 
12-month period beginning with your date of hire; 
thereafter, the University will base its determina-
tion on each calendar year that begins after your 
date of hire. 
You are credited with an "hour of service" for each 
hour you work for the University for pay. You also 
earn "hours of service" for certain periods during 
which you are absent from the U niversity by reason 
of military duty and for certain family and medical 
leaves, as well as for hours (not in excess of 501 
hours for any absence) for which you are paid by 
the University while away from work for certain 
other reasons: vacation and holidays, illness and 
disability, layoff, leaves of absence, and jury duty. 
In general, hours credited for an absence from 
work will be based on your regularly scheduled 
work hours. 
Contributions 
As a participant, the University makes monthly 
pension contributions on your behalf to the fund(s) 
you have selected. If you became a participant after 
six months of qualifying service, you also receive 
retroactive contributions for your six-month waiting 
period. Contributions are based on your age and 
your University compensation. 
For this purpose, "compensation" includes base 
salary, Summer School, Extension School, summer 
research salary, merit bonuses and additional com-
pensation for special projects. Compensation does 
not include housing allowances, mortgage subsidies, 
prizes, awards, honoraria, severance payments, 
imputed income from interest-free or low4nterest 
loans, or benefits under any other U niversity benefit 
plan. Compensation does include any amounts that 
would have been included in compensation but for 
an election under a cafeteria plan described in 
Internal Revenue Code section 125, a qualified 
transportation fringe benefit program described 
in section 132(f) of the Internal Revenue Code, a 
section 403(b) plan (such as the T DA Plan), or a 
section 457(b) plan. 
Contribution Rates 
As a participant, the University will make monthly 
contributions to the plan on your behalf based on 
the following contribution rates: 
If You H ave Not Attained Age 40 Before the First 
Day of the Month: 5% of your compensation 
until your compensation for the calendar year has 
reached the Social Security tax base, plus 10% of 
any additional compensation for the year. 
EFTA00729327
--- PAGE 7 ---
If You H ave Attained Age 40 Before the First Day 
of the Month: 10% of your compensation until 
your compensation for the calendar year has 
reached the Social Security tax base, plus 15% 
of any additional compensation for the year. The 
Social Security tax base is adjusted each year. For 
2003, it is $87,000. 
If you attain age 40 during a month, your contribu-
tion rats will increase to 10% and 15% at the start 
of the following month. 
The following examples show contributions on a 
calendar year basis, using the 2003 Social Security 
tax base of $87,000: 
If you are under age 40, with a 530,000 
University salary: 
5% 
x 
$30,000 
= 
$1,500 
Total 2003 Harvard contribution = 
$1,500 
If you are under age 40, with a 590,000 
University salary: 
5% 
x 
$87,000 
= 
$4,350 
10% x 
$3,000 
= 
$ 300 
lbtal 2003 Harvard contribution = 
$4,650 
If you are over age 40, with a 535,000 salary: 
10% x 
$35,000 
= 
$3,500 
lbtal 2003 Harvard contribution = 
$3,500 
If you are over age 40, with a 590,000 salary: 
10% x 
$87,000 
= 
$8,700 
15% x 
$3,000 
= 
$ 450 
Total 2003 Harvard contribution = 
$9,150 
If you are not subject to Social Security taxes, 
you will receive contributions of 10% of your 
compensation if you have not attained age 40 before 
the first day of the month. If you have attained age 
before the first day of the month, you will receive 
contributions of 15% of compensation. 
Maximum Contribution 
Federal law limits the compensation base on which 
pension contributions can be made to $200,000 a 
year. T his amount is adjusted from time to time. 
Annual Limit on Total Retirement 
Contributions 
In addition to the above limits, the Internal Revenue 
Code imposes an overall limit of $40,000 for 
each calendar year on the following retirement 
contributions made by you or for your benefit: 
1. H arvard's contributions under this plan; 
2. Your contributions under H arvard's T DA Plan, 
other than special "catch-up" contributions; 
3. Your contributions under any Keogh plan you 
maintain with respect to outside, sdf-employment 
income; 
4. Any other contributions under a 403(b) retire-
ment plan maintained by another tax-exempt 
employer; and 
5. Any contributions (your own or your employer's) 
under a qualified retirement plan maintained 
by a corporation or a partnership in which 
you have more than a 50% interest. 
EFTA00729328
--- PAGE 8 ---
H arvard monitors compliance with the $40,000 
limit to the extent it has a record of your 
contributions. It is your responsibility to notify the 
University of any contributions in addition to those 
under (1) and (2) above. IRS regulations require 
that 403(b) contributions—that is, contributions 
described in (1), (2) and (4) above—are reduced 
first to satisfy the limit. Accordingly, to the extent 
necessary to meet the IRS limit, H arvard will cut 
back your contributions to the T DA Plan first and 
then the contributions made for you to this plan. 
Sabbatical Leaves and Unpaid Leaves 
During sabbatical leaves, the University makes 
contributions for you upon your return, based on 
the H arvard salary paid to you during the leave, 
and makes no contributions during an unpaid leave 
of absence. 
Investment 0 ptions 
The investment vendors currently available to you 
under the plan are listed under Investment/Annuity 
Companies. For information about specific funds 
contact the investment company or the Benefits 
Services Group staff at (617) 496-4001 or the 
benefits Web site at www.atwork.harvard.edu. 
The University reviews the investment options from 
time to time, and reserves the right to add or delete 
funds as it deems desirable. With respect to contri-
butions made during a period that a participant has 
not signed any annuity or mutual fund application, 
or has otherwise failed to provide investment 
instructions, the U niversity also has the authority 
to select one or more "default" investments. 
Investment Changes and Fund Transfers 
You may change how U niversity contributions are 
invested at any time. Changes among the funds 
offered by an investment vendor can be made 
by calling that vendor. If you want to change the 
investment of contributions from one investment 
vendor to another, you must notify the University. 
Generally, you may transfer funds without restriction 
among the accounts offered by the various investment 
vendors. Transfers out of the T IAA Retirement 
Annuity can generally be made only over a ten-year 
period in substantially equal payments. 
The plan is intended to constitute a plan described 
in section 404(c) of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act (E R I SA), and Title 29 of the 
Code of Federal Regulations Section 2240.404c-1. 
T he plan offers you and your beneficiaries the 
opportunity to exercise control over the assets con-
tributed and accumulated on your behalf under the 
plan by allowing you to choose, from a broad range 
of investment alternatives, the manner in which these 
assets will be invested, and by providing you with 
information necessary to make informed decisions 
with respect to the investment options under the 
plan and the incidents of ownership that arise from 
those investments. T he fiduciaries of the plan 
(including the investment vendors) are obligated 
(with certain limited exceptions) to comply with 
these instructions. As a result, fiduciaries of the 
plan are generally relieved of liability for any losses 
which are the direct and necessary result of invest-
ment instructions given by you or your beneficiary. 
EFTA00729329
--- PAGE 9 ---
T here may be commissions, sales charges, redemp-
tion or exchange fees, or other transaction fees 
or expenses which directly affect your annuity 
contracts and custodial account under the plan. 
Additionally, the funds underlying many of the 
annuities and the custodial account may themselves 
pay certain fees to thdr investment advisors or other 
service providers. Any such fees or expenses, 
whether deducted directly from your contracts 
or account or paid indirectly by the investment 
vendors or the underlying funds, effectively reduce 
the return on your contracts and account. For more 
specific information, please consult the investment 
information (including prospectuses) provided to 
you for and by each investment vendor or contact 
the investment vendors directly. 
If any voting rights, tender rights, or other similar 
rights are incidental to your interest in any annuity 
contract or custodial account under the plan, such 
rights may be passed through to you. For specific 
information with respect to an annuity contract or 
custodial account, please consult the investment 
information provided to you for and by each 
investment vendor or contact the investment 
vendors directly. 
You may obtain the following additional information 
concerning the investment options available under 
the plan by contacting the investment vendors: 
• A description of the annual operating expenses 
of each designated investment option (e.g., 
investment management fees, administrative 
fees, transaction costs) which reduce the rate of 
return to participants and beneficiaries, and the 
aggregate amount of such expenses expressed 
as a percentage of average net asePts of the 
designated investment option; 
• Copies of any prospectuses, financial statements 
and reports, and of any other materials relating 
to the investment options available under the 
plan, to the extent this information is provided 
to the plan; 
• A list of assets comprising the portfolio of 
each investment option which constitutes 
plan assets within the meaning of E R I SA 
regulations; 
• Information concerning the value of shares or 
units in each investment option, as well as past 
and current investment performance of such 
alternatives, determined, net of expenses, on a 
reasonable and consistent basis; and 
• Information about how to obtain the value of 
shares in an investment option held for your 
benefit. 
Benefits 
The plan provides various forms of income benefits 
—annuity income, installment withdrawals, and 
lump-sum payments. Annuity income is available 
from T IAA-C REF. Accumulations with other 
investment vendors can be taken in a lump sum, 
installments or under other payment arrangements 
approved by the vendors. At T IAA-C REF, lump-
sum withdrawals from CREF are possible. T IAA, 
however, generally limits withdrawals to substantially 
equal payments over a ten-year period. 
Vesting Requirements 
Your right to a benefit depends on whether you 
are vested under the plan. If you have satisfied the 
vesting requirements, you have a non-forfeitable 
right to receive benefit payments when you leave 
U niversity employment. 
Faculty employed before July 1, 1995 are not 
subject to any vesting requirement 0 nce enrolled 
in the plan, they are fully vested. 
EFTA00729330
--- PAGE 10 ---
Faculty employed on or after July 1, 1995 will be 
fully vested in their retirement benefit upon the 
first to occur of the following: 
• Completion of three years of vesting service 
with the U niversity or certain other employers 
affiliated with the University; 
• Attainment of age 65 while an employee of the 
U niversity or one of certain other employers 
affiliated with the University; 
• Onset of total disability; 
• Death; or 
• Termination of the plan. 
Vesting service is generally credited for each month 
in which you are employed (but not on an unpaid 
appointment) by the U niversity in any position, 
regardless of the number of hours completed. 
Forms of Benefits 
Annuity Income 
An annuity pays you a lifetime income The 
amount of annuity income depends on your age, 
the form of payment and the total accumulation in 
your account(s) at the time benefits begin. The 
younger you are when payments begin, the smaller 
the monthly benefit. Monthly benefits that begin 
at an older age will be greater because your life 
expectancy will be shorter. 
If you choose an annuity, you should read carefully 
the provisions of your annuity contact(s). Restrictions 
in addition to those described in this plan description 
may apply. 
Single Life Annuity 
The single life annuity provides a monthly income 
to you for life. Because it is paid for your lifetime 
only, it provides a higher benefit than any of the 
joint annuities. T his form is generally chosen 
by participants who are not married. If you are 
married, your spouse must consent to this form 
of payment. 
You can choose a guaranteed payment period (eg., 
ten, 15 or 20 years). The amount of your benefit 
would be reduced to pay for this guarantee. If you die 
before the guarantee period has ended, continuing 
payments in the same amount would be made to 
your named beneficiary for the balance of the period. 
Joint and Survivor Annuity 
A joint and survivor annuity provides a lifetime 
benefit to you, and upon your death, continuing 
lifetime payments to your spouse or designated 
survivor. You can choose continuing payments of 
at least 50% but not more than 100% of the benefit 
you receive. 
By law, if you are married, you must choose a 
survivor annuity for your spouse of at least 50% 
unless your spouse consents in writing to another 
form (see Spousal Waiver Provision). 
Guarantee periods also are available under the joint 
annuities. If you and your joint annuitant die 
before the guarantee period has ended, payments 
would continue to your designated beneficiary. 
EFTA00729331
--- PAGE 11 ---
Installment Payments and Lump-Sum 
Withdrawals 
Instead of taking an annuity, you can withdraw 
your accumulated funds in one sum or in 
installments. Mutual fund balances and CREF 
accumulations can be taken in a lump sum. After 
the initial election, your accumulation in a T IAA 
contract generally cannot be taken in a lump sum; 
however, it can be withdrawn in equal installments 
over a ten-year period. If you are married, your 
spouse must consent to any installment or lump 
sum withdrawal (see Spousal Waiver Provision). 
Possible Tax Implications of Receiving 
Distributions 
The rules concerning federal and state income 
taxation on payments from the plan are complicated 
and you are Jfrongity encouraged to seek professional 
tax advice before receiving any payments or selecting 
any payment option. For example, if your benefit 
or any portion thereof is paid in a lump sum, the 
amount paid will generally be subject to 20% federal 
income tax withholding (and an additional 10% 
federal penalty if you have not yet attained age 
591,2). Lump-sum payments may be eligible for a 
tax-free rollover to an individual retirement account 
(IRA) or to certain other types of plans. You may 
elect to transfer such a distribution directly to an 
IRA or other eligible retirement plan that accepts 
rollovers. Contact the Benefits Services Group or 
the investment vendors directly for more information 
on these transfers. 
Spousal Waiver Provision 
If you are married, by law, your spouse has certain 
rights to your retirement and death benefits. If you 
choose to take your retirement benefit in a form 
that does not provide at least a 50% survivor 
income to your spouse, or you name someone 
other than your spouse as your beneficiary for 
death benefits, your spouse must consent in writing. 
T his is done by filing with the University a waiver 
of the benefit signed by you and your spouse and 
witnessed by a notary public or plan representative. 
For retirement benefits, the waiver of the joint and 
survivor annuity can be made only during the 90 
days prior to the start of your benefits. T he waiver 
also may be revoked during that period; it may not 
be revoked after the annuity begins. 
For death benefits, your spouse's right to waive 
entitlement does not begin until the first day of the 
plan year (see Other Important Information) in 
which you reach age 35, or if earlier, the date you 
leave Harvard's employment. If you should die before 
age 35, at least 50% of the full current value of your 
annuity accumulation is payable automatically 
to your spouse in a single sum or under one of the 
income options offered. 
W hen Benefits Are Paid 
Retirement, Death or Other Termination 
of Employment 
Except as described below, you cannot be paid 
or withdraw amounts from any annuity contract 
or mutual fund custodial account prior to your 
retirement, death, total disability, or other 
termination of employment with the University. 
Benefits Paid While Employed After Your 
65th Birthday 
If you are age 65 or older and are employed by 
the University on a half-time or less basis, you can 
receive payments from the plan. 
Minimum Distributions After Age 701/ 2
By law, you are required to receive minimum 
distributions from your pension accumulation by 
the April 1 following the calendar year in which 
you attain age 701/2, if you are retired. 
EFTA00729332
--- PAGE 12 ---
Qualified Domestic Relations Order 
(QDRO) 
All or part of your pension benefits may be 
assigned to another person (alternate payee) if 
a qualified domestic relations order has been issued 
by a court. Any such distribution of benefits to an 
alternate payee (usually your ex-spouse) must 
be in a form permitted under the plan, but may be 
paid at a time that benefits are not available to you. 
Arrangements for this distribution must be made 
with the Benefits Services Group. You may obtain 
from the Benefits Services Group, without charge, 
a copy of the program's procedures for determining 
whether a domestic relations order is a qualified 
domestic relations order. 
D eath Benefits 
Pre-Retirement Death Benefits 
If you die before your benefit payments begin, 
the full amount of your retirement accumulation is 
payable to your beneficiary. The law provides that 
if you are married at the time of your death, your 
surviving spouse is entitled to a benefit of at least 
50% of the full current value of your annuity 
accumulation unless prior to your death your 
spouse had consented to the designation of another 
beneficiary (see Spousal Waiver Provision). If 
you not are married, you may name anyone you 
choose as the beneficiary of the death benefit. 
If you have not designated a beneficiary, or if 
no designated beneficiary survives you, the full 
amount of your retirement accumulation will be 
paid to your spouse, or if you have no surviving 
spouse, to your estate. 
After Payments Begin 
If you choose a joint annuity form of retirement 
income, your joint annuitant is entitled to continuing 
lifetime payments following your death (see Forms 
of Benefits). The amount depends on the percentage 
option you elected. Under a single life option with 
a guarantee period, your beneficiary would be 
entitled only to any remaining payments under the 
guarantee. N o death benefit would be paid if you 
took out your benefit in a lump sum or as a single 
life annuity. 
Disability 
If you become disabled and receive total disability 
benefit payments under the H arvard University 
Flexible Benefits Plan, pension contributions, based 
on the salary in effect at the onset of your disability, 
will continue to be paid on your behalf. 
The amount of the pension contribution will not 
be adjusted for changes in the Social Security wage 
base after you become disabled, but it will increase 
at age 40 when the contribution rates change 
from 5%-10% to 10%-15% as described in 
Contributions. Plan contributions will continue 
as long as you receive benefits from the Total 
Disability Plan. These generally end as of the 
June 30 following your 66m birthday. 
EFTA00729333
--- PAGE 13 ---
Other Retirement Income 
Tax-Deferred Annuity Plan 
Voluntary contributions to the U niversity's 
Tax Deferred Annuity (TDA) Plan are an excellent 
tax-effective way to save for your retirement. 
U nder the T DA Plan: 
• Your contributions are made &fore federal or 
state income taxes are withheld-which means 
it costs you less to save and 
• The money in your account accumulates on 
a tax-deferred basis until it is paid out to you. 
Participation in the T DA Plan is not automatic; 
you must complete an application to participate. 
You can direct the investment of your contributions 
into any one or a combination of investment options. 
You may obtain more information about the amount 
you can contribute and the terms of your participa-
tion by calling the Benefit Services Group staff at 
(617) 496-4001. 
Social Security 
In addition to your retirement benefits from this 
plan, it is likely that you will be eligible for Social 
Security benefits. Currently, if you were born 
before 1938, your full Social Security retirement 
benefits are payable to you at age 65. If you were 
born after 1937, your full Social Security benefits 
will be payable between ages 65 and 67, depending 
on your year of birth. You may elect to receive 
Social Security benefits as early as age 62, if you 
are retired, but the monthly amount will be reduced 
because it is presumed you will be receiving pay-
ments over a longer period of time. At age 65 and 
after, you can be paid Social Security benefits 
regardless of whether you are still employed. 
Your Social Security benefits are calculated using 
your earnings that were subject to Social Security 
taxes, paid equally by you and your employer. 
To obtain a personal earnings and benefits estimate 
statement, call the Social Security Administration at 
(800) 772-1213, or visit their Web site at www.ssa.gov. 
Social Security benefits are not paid automatically. 
You should contact the Social Security Administration 
office nearest your home approximately three months 
before you want benefits to begin. You should take 
your Social Security card or record of your number, 
your birth certificate or other evidence of age, and 
your W -2 federal income tax statement for the pre-
vious year. T he representatives at the Social Security 
Administration office will tell you about any required 
documents or procedures. Remember: it is important 
that you do not delay your application for Social 
Security benefits. 
Applying for Benefits 
In anticipation of requesting benefits from the plan, 
at least three months prior to retirement, consult 
the Benefits Services Group staff. The University 
will serve as your intermediary with the investment 
companies available under the plan and will advise 
you about your benefit options so that you can 
make your elections under the plan. You should 
allow six to eight weeks for the processing of your 
benefits. 
Harvard will notify you in writing (or electronically) 
within 90 days of receiving an application or written 
claim for benefits to let you know the status of your 
request (or within 180 days if special circumstances 
require any extension of time for processing the 
claim, and if you are notified of the extension and 
the circumstances within the initial 90-day period). 
EFTA00729334
--- PAGE 14 ---
If your application or claim for benefits is denied, 
H arvard will notify you in writing (or electronically) 
giving you the specific reasons for denial, the provi-
sions of the plan upon which the denial is based, a 
description of any material needed to complete the 
application, if any, and why such material is neces-
sary, and instructions on how to apply for a review. 
You have 60 days to request a review of the denied 
application or claim. It should be in writing and 
directed to the Benefits Administrative Committee, 
Office of H uman Resources, H olyoke Center. 
You also may review or request (free of charge) 
copies of all pertinent documents, and may submit 
issues and comments in writing. The University will 
conduct a full and fair review of your application 
and notify you of its decision. You will be notified 
in writing (or electronically) of the outcome of the 
review. If that review cannot be completed within 
days of your written request because of special 
circumstances (such as the need to hold a hearing), 
the time will be extended, but not beyond 120 days 
from your request. You will be notified as to the 
reason for the delay and when a decision is expected. 
When Benefits Are Lost or Reduced 
T here are circumstances which could cause you to 
lose your rights to benefit payments or decrease the 
value of your benefits under the plan: 
• 
• 
Amounts invested under the plan are subject to 
increases or decreases in value depending upon 
the investment options you choose and the 
investment performance of those options. 
If the contributions made to this plan on 
your behalf exceed certain IRS limits (See 
Maximum Contribution and Annual Limit 
on Thal Retirement Contributions), the 
contributions may be reduced. 
• Because payments from the plan may be based 
on a valuation date which is not the date benefit 
payments are made, the amount of any pay-
ments may not be equal to the fair market value 
of assets in the annuity contract or custodial 
accounts as of the date of the payments. 
• Some annuity contracts may impose surrender 
charges on certain dispositions of the contracts. 
Any such charges are disclosed in the invest-
ment materials provided to you. 
• Because the plan is a defined contribution plan, 
in the event the plan were terminated, your 
benefits are not insured under Title IV of E R I SA. 
• All or a portion of your accumulations under 
the plan may be assigned under a "qualified 
domestic relations order." 
• If you do not keep your current address on 
file with each investment vendor that holds 
accumulations under the plan on your behalf, 
the payment of your benefits could be delayed. 
ther Important Information 
Plan Identification 
The Retirement Income Plan for Teaching Faculty 
of H arvard University is a defined contribution 
plan providing retirement and survivor benefits 
and is governed by Internal Revenue C ode section 
403(b). The following numbers have been assigned 
to identify this plan: 
Employer Identification Number 
(assigned by the I R 5) 
04-2103580 
Plan Number 
002 
EFTA00729335
--- PAGE 15 ---
T his plan is governed by the terms and conditions 
described in the plan document, which may be 
reviewed in the Office of H uman Resources, 
H olyoke Center, Sixth Floor. If there are differ-
ences between this non-technical summary and the 
plan document, the plan document will govern. 
Plan Sponsor 
The sponsor of this plan is H arvard University, 
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138. 
Plan Administration/Legal Process 
The University serves as plan Administrator; 
the Benefit Services Group staff in the Office 
of H uman Resources is responsible for the 
day-to-day administration of the plan. 
The Benefits Services Group maintains records of 
contributions and participation. T he U niversity and 
the Investment vendors share record keeping respon-
sibility for investment elections and beneficiaries. 
Service of legal process may be made on the Plan 
Administrator, at the Office of the General Counsel. 
Benefits Administrative Committee 
The University has a Benefits Administrative 
Committee that is asked to settle questions or 
disputes relating to the administration of the plan 
by the University. A major responsibility of this 
Committee is to make sure that the provisions 
of various benefit plans are applied properly and 
equitably to you and to all other members. If you 
feel that you have been treated unfairly or denied 
benefits improperly, you are encouraged to seek a 
Benefits Committee review by submitting a request 
to the Benefits Services Group. 
The U niversity, as Plan Administrator, has full power 
and discretion to administer and interpret the plan, 
subject to applicable requirements of law. Any 
determination made by the University (including 
the Benefits Committee) shall be final and conclusive 
on all persons, in the absence of clear and convincing 
evidence that the U niversity or Benefits Committee 
acted arbitrarily and capriciously. 
Plan Year 
T he plan year is January 1 through December 31. 
Future of the Plan 
T he U niversity expects to continue this plan, but 
reserves the right to change or terminate it at any 
time. The University's decision to change or termi-
nate the plan may be due to changes in federal or 
state law governing retirement benefits, the require-
ments of the Internal Revenue Code or the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (E R ISA ), 
or any other reason. If the plan is terminated, you 
will have a non-forfeitable right to your account 
balance under the plan. 
Plan Termination Insurance—
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation 
T his plan is a defined contribution plan and, 
accordingly, it is not subject to, nor covered by, 
federal plan termination insurance. 
Your Rights U nder E R I SA 
As a participant in the plan, you are entitled to 
certain rights and protections under the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (E R ISA ). 
E R I SA provides that all plan participants shall be 
entitled to: 
Receive Information About Your Plan 
and Benefits 
• Examine, without charge, at the Plan 
Administrator's office and at other specified 
locations, such as work sites, all documents 
governing the plans, including insurance con-
tracts, collective bargaining agreements and 
copies of the latest annual reports (Form 5500 
Series) filed with the U.S. Department of Labor. 
EFTA00729336
--- PAGE 16 ---
• Obtain, upon written request to the Plan 
Administrator, copies of all documents governing 
the operation of the plans, including insurance 
contracts and collective bargaining agreements, 
copies of the latest annual reports (Form 5500 
Series) and updated summary plan description. 
The Administrator may make a reasonable 
charge for the copies. 
• Receive a summary of the plan's annual financial 
report. The Plan Administrator is required by 
law to furnish each participant with a copy of 
this summary annual report. 
Prudent Actions by Plan Fiduciaries 
In addition to creating rights for plan participants, 
E RI SA imposes duties upon the people who are 
responsible for the operation of the employee benefit 
plans. The people who operate your plans, called 
"fiduciaries" of the plans, have a duty to do so 
prudently and in the interest of you and other plan 
participants and beneficiaries. N o one, including 
your employer or any other person, may fire you 
or otherwise discriminate against you in any way 
to prevent you from obtaining a pension benefit or 
exercising your rights under E R ISA. 
Enforce Your Rights 
If your claim for a pension benefit is denied or 
ignored, in whole or in part you have a right to 
know why this was done, to obtain copies of 
documents relating to the decision without charge, 
and to appeal any denial, all within certain time 
schedules. 
U nder E R I SA, there are steps you can take to 
enforce the above rights. For instance, if you 
request materials from the plans and do not receive 
then within 30 days, you may file suit in a federal 
court. In such a case, the court may require the 
Plan Administrator to provide the materials and 
pay you up to 5110 a day until you receive the 
materials, unless the materials were not sent 
because of reasons beyond the control of the 
Administrator. If you have a claim for benefits 
which is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, 
you may file suit in a state or federal court. In 
addition, if you disagree with the plan's decision 
or lack thereof concerning the qualified status of a 
domestic relations order, you may file suit in federal 
court. If it should happen that plan fiduciaries mis-
use the plan's money, or if you are discriminated 
against for asserting your rights, you may seek 
assistance from the U.S. Department of Labor, or 
you may file suit in a federal court The court will 
decide who should pay court costs and legal fees. 
If you are successful the court may order the per-
son you have sued to pay these costs and fees. 
If you lose, the court may order you to pay these 
costs and fees, for example, if it finds your claim 
is frivolous. If you have any questions about your 
plans, you should contact the Plan Administrator. 
Assistance with Your Questions 
If you have any questions about this statement or 
about your rights under ER ISA, or if you need 
assistance in obtaining documents from the Plan 
Administrator, you should contact the nearest office 
of the Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration, 
U .S. Department of Labor, listed in your telephone 
directory or the Division of Technical Assistance 
and Inquiries, Pension and Welfare Benefits 
Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, 200 
Constitution Avenue M, Washington, M. 
20210. You may also obtain certain publications 
about your rights and responsibilities under E RI SA 
by calling the publications hotline of the Pension 
and Welfare Benefits Administration. 
EFTA00729337
--- PAGE 17 ---
Directory 
Plan Administrator 
H arvard U niversity 
cio Benefits Services Group 
H olyoke Center, Sixth Floor 
Cambridge, M A 02138 
(617) 4964001 
Administration and Counseling 
ffice of Human Resources 
Benefits Services Group 
H olyoke Center, Sixth Floor 
Cambridge, M A 02138 
(617) 4964001 
Agent for Service of Legal Process 
ffice of the G eneral Counsel 
H arvard U niversity 
H olyoke C enter, Ninth Floor 
Cambridge, M A 02138 
(617) 495-1280 
EFTA00729338
--- PAGE 18 ---
I nvestment/A nnuity Companies 
TIAA-CREF 
730 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
(800) 842-2733 
The Scudder Funds 
100 N ortheastern Boulevard 
Salem, New Hampshire 03079-1953 
(800) 541-7705 
Fidelity Investments 
The Vanguard Group 
Devonshire Street 
Boston, M A 02109 
(800) 343-0860 
100 Vanguard Boulevard 
M alvern, PA 19355 
(800) 523-1188 
EFTA00729339
--- PAGE 19 ---
For more information or assistance contact: 
Benefits Services Group 
Office of Human Resources 
1350 Massachusetts Avenue 
664 Holyoke Center 
Cambridge, MA 02138 
Tel: (617) 4964001 
benefits@harvard.edu 
EFTA00729340
--- PAGE 20 ---
SUS HARVARD UNIVERSITY 
Office of Human Remurra 
Benefits Services Group 
Office of Human Resources 
1350 Massachusetts Avenue 
664 Holyoke Center 
Cambridge, MA 02138 
Tel: (617) 4964001 
benefits@harvard.edu 
May 2003 
EFTA00729341

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729342.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jim, I am following up on our conversation on the afternoon of 
December 10, 2008, during which you asked that I send an email 
to you outlining facts which separate my clients' claims from 
others now pending. 
This email is sent with our agreement that it is for settlement 
purposes only and is not to be used by you or your clients for any 
other purpose, including, without limitation, in any manner in any 
subsequent arbitration or other legal proceeding. 
Specifically, without limiting the claims of my clients in any 
manner, you should be aware of the following: 
1. Mr. Epstein has had virtually no experience in debt 
securities. This is readily verifiable by Mr. Epstein's 
trading accounts and was well known by Warren Spector 
and Jimmy Cayne, particularly Mr. Cayne, with whom Mr. 
Epstein has had a close personal and business 
relationship for almost 30 years. 
2. In December 2003, Mr. Spector made an unsolicited call 
on Mr. Epstein to sell Mr. Epstein an investment in the 
High-Grade Fund. Mr. Spector specifically told Mr. 
Epstein that the Fund traded exclusively in A or better 
rated paper, with low risk, and that Mr. Spector was 
investing his own money in the Fund. 
3. Mr. Epstein contacted Mr. Cayne to confirm Mr. Spector's 
statements, reminding Mr. Cayne of Mr. Epstein's 
inexperience with debt securities. Mr. Cayne confirmed 
Mr. Spector's statements to Mr. Epstein, specifically 
advising Mr. Epstein that Mr. Spector is "super cheap" and 
will not only be watching the risk for the Fund, but as Mr. 
EFTA00729342
--- PAGE 2 ---
Spector's own money was being invested in the Fund, Mr. 
Spector would watch the Fund "like a hawk." 
4. In the summer 2006, Mr. Spector made another 
unsolicited call on Mr. Epstein soliciting Mr. Epstein to 
transfer FTC's entire investment in the High-Grade Fund 
into the Enhanced Leverage Fund. Once again, Mr. 
Spector specifically told Mr. Epstein that Mr. Spector 
would be investing his own money in the Enhanced 
Leverage Fund. 
5. In March 2007, when the Enhanced Leverage Fund was 
down 10%, Mr. Epstein called Mr. Spector and told Mr. 
Spector that Mr. Epstein wanted out of the Enhanced 
Leverage Fund. Mr. Spector persuaded Mr. Epstein not to 
redeem FTC's invesment, specifically telling Mr. Epstein 
that the so-called loss in the Enhanced Leverage Fund 
was attributable only to bad marks, and that, in fact, Mr. 
Spector was going to invest more of Mr. Spector's own 
money in the Enhanced Leverage Fund. 
6. After the collapse, when Mr. Epstein asked how this was 
possible, Mr. Epstein was advised, among other things, 
that Mr. Spector did put an additional $25 Million into the 
Enhanced Leverage Fund, but the money was not 
personal funds of Mr. Spector; rather Mr. Spector invested 
$25 Million of Bear Stearns funds in the Enhanced 
Leverage Fund and did so without firm approval. 
7. Mr. Epstein has never re-negged on a trade in over thirty 
years. He has never claimed against a bad trade in thirty 
years. This can be confirmed with Ace Greenburg. 
I look forward to hearing from you shortly to see whether we can 
EFTA00729343
--- PAGE 3 ---
resolve this without legal proceedings. 
EFTA00729344

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729345.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Glenn: 
It has been nearly two months since our conversation. As you know, 
Kirkland and Ellis has been in contact with Mike Carroll. After the exchange of 
many e-mails, telephone calls and a face-to-face meeting, Kirkland does not believe 
that they have gotten much closer to a complete understanding of what has actually 
transpired. 
Kirkland had hoped that there would be an open dialogue with a broad 
sharing of information, as I thought we agreed. However, according to Kirkland, 
Mike Carroll's first priority, as it should be, was to protect his client In that regard, 
Kirkland reports that Mike has refused to share the vast majority of documents that 
Kirkland asked for, and that Mike has put forth, to the best of his ability, an 
argument for why Highbridge was not responsible for the return of my investment. 
I understand that Mike stated several times his position that neither Highbridge nor 
you nor Henry had "control" over the investment portfolio and therefore should not 
be responsible, but Kirkland tells me that [there are still questions as to the 
extent of your interests in the Zwirn entities][Mike shed little light as to the 
details of that position]. 
Glenn, you know I only have affection for you and your family. I have felt 
awkward since our last meeting and would like nothing more than to avoid friction 
between us. My understanding is that you had proposed to do everything you could 
to help me get back my investment, so I would like to make sure that we are armed 
with a mutual agreement as to the facts. With that in mind, my 
understanding of the facts is as follows: 
• 
In 2002 and 2003, I invested $60 MM with Highbridge, who employed Dan 
Zwirn as a manager. I also invested an additional $20 MM at the beginning of 
2005. 
• 
In March 2004, Zwirn spun off into D.B. Zwirn and Co. 
• 
In September 2004, Highbridge sold most of its interests to J.P. Morgan. 
However, it is Kirkland's understanding that, in substance, DSAM continued 
to receive its portion of the management and incentive fees I paid to Zwirn 
because that portion continued to be passed on in the form of 
partnership/LLC distributions to DSAM. 
• 
Kirkland was advised that sometime between September 04 and October 06, 
Highbridge demanded that its account at Zwirn be reduced, as third-party 
managers were no longer allowed under Highbridge's contract with J.P. 
Morgan. As a result, after Highbridge's securities were redeemed or sold to 
the remaining Zwirn Funds 
those in which I was invested), some four to 
five hundred million dollars of proceeds have been paid though my demand 
EFTA00729345
--- PAGE 2 ---
for payment has laid idle. Although we are told that the Highbridge account 
was to be run a like a mirror to the Zwirn Funds and that the investments 
were virtually the same, Highbridge monies began to be returned, the DSAM 
interests were reduced, and we are told that the DSAM interests were also be 
paid out under a separate agreement. [We understand that, to date, all the 
monies owed to DSAM have not been fully paid, so that DSAM still 
retains an interest in the Zwirn business.] 
• In October 2006, Zwirn called me to alert me to the fact he had terminated 
Perry Gruss as CFO for reasons which Zwirn initially claimed were not 
material. I believe that Zwirn's counsel told you a similar story, but with 
more details. As we know, that story later proved to be false. This 
precipitated a series of phone calls among Zwirn, his counsel, you and me in 
which I repeatedly demanded to redeem all of my interests. At the time, my 
investment was worth approximately $150 MM. 
• In Fall 2006, you and Zwirn called me to ask if I would be willing to limit my 
redemption demand to one-half of the then current value of my investment, 
rather than the entire investment, and I was lead to believe that Zwirn would 
honor this partial redemption request I was not notified at that time that if I 
complied with the request for a reduced redemption, I would, by design, fall 
into a different redemption category under my agreement with the Fund, and 
Zwirn would then be able to deny my redemption request in its entirety. 
Without full knowledge of the dire consequences, I then sent a demand 
notice for a partial redemption, as per your and Zwirn's request, of $80 MM. 
• In January 2007, Highbridge demanded the remaining liquidation of its 
investments with Zwirn, claiming, among other things, that approximately 
$48 MM was missing from Highbridge's Zwirn account and should be 
restored. In all of my conversations with you regarding my problems with 
Zwirn, I was never apprised of any agreement DEE—what agreement are 
you referring to? 
Noone mentioned an agreement where Highbridge 
began redeeming its interests; only that Highbridge made redemption 
requests from its managed account.] where Highbridge had began 
redeeming its interests or the fact that in 2005 and 2006 Highbridge had 
previously sought to redeem its entire investment from the Zwirn managed 
account In fact, I believe we both recall the conversation where I asked you, 
if I am to stay in "are you still in," and you responded "yes." 
• 
Additional disclosures of accounting irregularities at the end of 2006 and 
beginning of 2007 and my discovery of blatant misrepresentations made to 
me by Zwirn caused me to send an additional notice in February 2007 
demanding redemption of my entire investment 
EFTA00729346
--- PAGE 3 ---
• 
In March 2007, Schulte Roth informed me that both my November 2006 and 
February 2007 redemption requests were denied. As I have stated 
previously, Schulte Roth claimed that my February 2007 request for 
complete redemption was invalid because it was made after the notice 
window closed and that my November 2006 partial redemption request, 
though timely, was also invalid. According to Schulte Roth, the reason that 
my November 2006 redemption request was invalid was because it was a 
request for a partial redemption. Shulte Roth further claimed that at the time 
that I sent the November redemption notice, I was only permitted to make a 
complete redemption, which is what I repeatedly demanded until you and 
Zwirn requested that I request only a partial redemption. Thus, had I not 
agreed to your and Zwirn's request that I demand a partial redemption, 
rather than the complete redemption, there would have been no basis to 
deem my November 2006 redemption request to be invalid. 
• 
In September 2007, you entered into a settlement agreement with Zwirn 
pursuant to which you were to receive $30 MM in connection with the 
termination of your direct and indirect interests in the General Partner and 
Trading Manager of the Funds. This fact was also never disclosed to me. 
• 
We are told that, in October 2007, you received $3.1 MM of the $30 MM 
settlement. 
• 
We are told that, in February 2008, you received $9.4 MM of the $30 MM 
settlement 
• 
I believe you are still owed money. I'm sorry ... I know that this has been a 
very difficult time. 
Glenn, I have not adequately communicated my appreciation with regard to 
your liberal attitude in welcoming me as part of your family. In fifteen years, we 
have never had a disagreement I know you find this as difficult as I do. 
With regard to our business relationship, over the past ten years, I have paid 
Highbridge a total of over 57 million dollars in fees. Roughly half of that amount is 
attributable to the Zwirn investments. 
You should be aware that, according to Kirlkland, they were not provided 
with adequate information or any documentation regarding Highbridge's 
investments with Zwirn, Highbridge's redemption requests or its January 2007 
demand for liquidation of its investments. Moreover, Kirkland claims that they have 
been provided no information as to how Zwirn held, allocated or transferred 
investments among the Funds and its managed accounts or how such investments 
were liquidated or transferred in order to cover Highbridge's redemptions. I 
EFTA00729347
--- PAGE 4 ---
understood from our last conversation that Zwirn had previously refused to give 
you an accounting even though you are a partner. Is this still true? 
At the January 22, 2009 meeting at Davis Polk, Kirkland tells me that they 
were provided only sketchy information as to a breakdown of the direct or indirect 
interests in the Funds' general partner and manager after March 24, 2004. My 
lawyers were permitted to briefly review, but not copy, a few operating agreements 
of the Fund's general partner and manager and the general partner of the Fund's 
manager, respectively, but that is all. They were not even permitted to review 
seemingly material documents referred to in those operating agreements, including 
a January 2004 letter agreement and a January 2004 investment advisory 
agreement. Nor were my attorneys permitted to review your September 2007 
settlement agreement. 
Under the circumstances, without additional information and documents to 
clarify matters, Kirlkland does not understand how Highbridge, in a fiduciary 
capacity at a minimum, is not responsible for my investment. I invested my money 
with Highbridge. Highbridge and/or DSAM continued to receive compensation in 
respect of my investment before, during and after my redemption problems arose. 
But for the request to reduce my demand for the redemption of my entire 
investment, without being told of the draconian consequences of that reduction, 
both you and I would be free of this uncomfortable circumstance. 
What should we do? 
EFTA00729348

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729349.pdf
----------------------------------------
TOLLING AGREEMENT 
THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into by and between Jeepers, Inc., Financial 
Trust Company, Inc., and Jeffrey Epstein (collectively "Epstein") and D.B. Zwim Special 
Opportunities Fund, L.P. kJn/a Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC, D.B. Zwim Special 
Opportunities Fund, Ltd. and its successor, D.B. Zwirn Asia/Pacific Special Opportunities Fund, 
L.P. and its successor, the D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund (TE), L.P. and its successor, 
and any other entity related to Daniel Zwirn's former hedge fund business which Fortress 
Investment Group LLC or its affiliates, own or manage or for which for which Fortress 
Investment Group LLC or its affiliates otherwise have management or supervisory authority or 
control ("Fund") (together, "the Parties"). 
WHEREAS, disputes have arisen between the Parties concerning, among other things, 
Epstein's investment in the Fund (including, without limitation, all of Epstein's capital 
contributions made therein), Epstein's capital account in connection therewith, and Epstein's 
withdrawal of the same; and 
WHEREAS, the Parties desire to seek a resolution of these disputes without resort to 
litigation, and would therefore like to allow sufficient time to complete discussions regarding an 
amicable resolution before resorting to litigation. 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 
1. 
In consideration for Epstein's agreement to forebear from the commencement of 
litigation proceedings immediately against the Fund in connection with the aforementioned 
potential disputes, the Fund agrees that all relevant periods of limitations, laches, waiver or 
estoppel pertaining to any complaint, claim, defense or cause of action, arising out of or relating 
to the aforementioned disputes between the Parties, shall be tolled and suspended from the 
effective date of this Tolling Agreement, 
, 2010 (the "Effective Date"), until this 
Agreement is terminated in accordance with the terms contained below. 
2. 
The tolling and suspension of all such relevant periods of limitations, laches or 
estoppel as provided in paragraph 1 hereof shall remain in effect until 5:00PM New York Time 
on October 22, 2010; provided, however, that any of the Parties may terminate this Tolling 
Agreement by giving written notice of termination, in which case termination shall be effective 
fifteen (15) days after receipt of such written notice. The time period from the Effective Date 
through and including the earlier of October 22, 2010 or the fifteen days following notice of such 
earlier termination is hereinafter referred to as the "Tolling Period". 
3. 
If any claim is made or suit or arbitration is instituted by Epstein with respect to 
the disputes addressed herein, then for the purpose of determining the availability of, or effect of, 
such a claim asserted by Epstein, or any defense thereto, including, without limitation, 
determining whether such a claim is barred by statute of limitations, laches, waiver, or estoppel, 
the Tolling Period shall be considered as a tolled period and shall be omitted from any 
calculation of any applicable limitations period or any other time period for the purposes of 
evaluating any claims of laches, waiver or estoppel. 
I037168A/011585 
EFTA00729349
--- PAGE 2 ---
4. 
This Tolling Agreement shall not constitute a settlement, release, abandonment, 
or limitation respecting any matter arising out of or relating to the aforementioned disputes, nor 
any admission, waiver or estoppel with respect thereto on the part of any of the Parties. 
5. 
Epstein shall not commence any litigation or arbitration proceedings against the 
Fund relating to the aforementioned potential disputes until after the Termination Date. 
6. 
The Fund shall not commence any litigation or arbitration proceedings against 
Epstein relating to the aforementioned potential disputes until seven (7) days after the 
Termination Date. 
7. 
All notices or other communications hereunder shall be given in person, by hand, 
by facsimile, by electronic mail, by overnight courier or mail, or by postpaid certified mail, 
return receipt requested, to the persons and at the addresses or facsimile numbers designated on 
the signature page below, or at such other addresses or facsimile numbers as any of the Parties 
may hereafter designate by written notice to the others in accordance with this provision. 
8. 
The Parties agree that if any part, term, or provision of this Tolling Agreement 
shall be found unenforceable or in conflict with any valid controlling law, the validity of the 
remaining provisions shall not be affected. 
9. 
No provision of the Tolling Agreement may be amended, modified or waived 
except by a writing signed by all of the Parties. 
10. 
The execution and delivery of this Tolling Agreement shall not constitute an 
admission of liability by any of the Parties, nor shall this Tolling Agreement create rights in 
favor of, or obligation to, any person other than the Parties hereto. Subject to the foregoing, this 
Tolling Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties, and their 
respective agents, heirs, survivors, executors, successors, and assigns. 
II. 
The Parties agree and understand that execution of this Agreement does not 
affect, in any manner, any complaints, claims, cross claims, setoffs or defenses the Parties may 
have against each other in anything not associated with the potential disputes described herein. 
I037I68vI/011585 
EFTA00729350
--- PAGE 3 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Tolling Agreement to be 
executed by their duly authorized officers or representatives on the respective dates set forth 
below. 
Jeepers Inc. 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
By: 
By:  
Date: 
Date: 
Printed name: 
Printed name: 
Title: 
Title: 
Address: 
Address: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Email: 
Email: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities 
Fund, L.P. k/n/a Fortress Value Recovery 
Fund I, LLC 
By: 
Date:  
By: 
Printed name:  
Date:  
Address: 
Printed name: 
Fax: 
Title: 
Email:  
Address: 
Fax:  
Email: 
I037I68vI/011585 
EFTA00729351
--- PAGE 4 ---
D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities 
D.B. 
Zwirn 
Asia/Pacific 
Special 
Fund, Ltd. 
Opportunities Fund, L.P. 
By: 
By: 
Date: 
Date: 
Printed name: 
Printed name: 
Title: 
Title: 
Address: 
Address: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Email: 
Email: 
Fortress Investment Group, LLC 
By: 
Date:  
Printed name:  
Title: 
Address: 
Fax: 
Email: 
D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities 
Fund (TE), L.P. 
By: 
Date: 
Printed name: 
Title: 
Address: 
Fax:  
Email: 
1037168v1/011585 
EFTA00729352

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729353.pdf
----------------------------------------
SECOND DRAFT 
August 
2010 
New York State 
Board of Examiners of Sex Offenders 
Tower Place 
Albany, New York 12203-3764 
Re: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
NYSID # OS1909 
Dear 
This letter and the accompanying materials are submitted to the Board pursuant to 
its notice of August 2, 2010, concerning the risk level and designation determination to 
be made with respect to Jeffrey Epstein. Their purpose is to demonstrate to the Board 
that, based upon Mr. Epstein's history and personal characteristics, the circumstances of 
the offense which triggered the registration requirement, his acceptance of responsibility, 
his successful completion of his sentence and subsequent supervision, and the 
extraordinary unlikelihood of his ever again reoffending, the appropriate risk level 
designation is level 1. 
Overview 
Mr. Epstein, who is presently 58 years old, is a successful and respected 
investment-financial  advisor who also founded and heads a philanthropic organization, 
the C.O.U.Q. Foundation, Inc. which funds medical, educational, and advanced scientific 
research. The offense which led to the requirement that he register as a sex offender in 
Florida, which in turn triggered this state's reporting requirement, ended almost five 
years ago and involved -consensual conduct with a young woman who, for all but a few 
months of the prostitution offense charged, was over the age of 17. Mr. Epstein pled 
guilty to that offense in the Circuit Court for Palm Beach County, Florida, and has fully 
and sincerely accepted responsibility for his conduct. There have been no subsequent 
incidents of criminal misconduct of any description. 
Florida has classified Mr. Epstein as its lowest level sex offender, with the lowest 
level of reporting requirement, as verified by the attorney who represented Mr. Epstein in 
the Florida pleadings: 
Under Florida's registration scheme there are two levels of registration available 
based on a risk assessment. Florida characterizes these two levels as sexual 
predator and sexual offender. The sexual predator designation is obviously the 
more serious classification. 
EFTA00729353
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00729354
--- PAGE 3 ---
Mr. Epstein based on the offense on which his guilty plea was entered was classified as a 
sexual offender, Florida's lowest level of sexual registration. In fact, within the sexual 
offender designation there are two-sub-levels of reporting requirements. One 
classification requires reporting to the local Sheriff's Office twice a year and one requires 
reporting four times a year. In Mr. Epstein's case, he is required to report at the lowest 
level, two times per year. Accordingly, under the Florida registration scheme, Mr. 
Epstein's registration requirements are at the lowest level for a person for whom 
registration is required. 
Uncler-Fiefielals-registratien-seheme-there-aFe-twe-lesels-of-registratien-available-baseel-en 
a-Fisk-assessmentr 
and
effender,The-sexuel-pretlatec-itlesignatien-is-ebyieusly-the-iftere-setious-elassifteatien, 
MfrEpsteinr based-en-the-effense-en-whielthistuilir plett-was-enteredaetas-elassifted-as-a 
sexual-effenerr  Plocilials-lowest-level-ef-sexual-registfatienr In-feetr  withici-the-semtal 
offender designation there are two sub levels of reporting requirements. Ono 
elessifieetien-regnires-reporting-te-the-leeol-ShefilTs-Offiee-twiee-a-year-ond-ene-requices 
fepeptigg-four--times-a-year,Ifl-NtkEpsteinls-e-aser  he-is-requirgel-te-repeft-at-the-lowest 
two-times-rier--year=Aeeeritlinglyr untler-the-Florida-registration-sehetner Mr: 
Epsteinls-r-egistr-atiog—r-equireeents—are—at—the—lewest—leyel—fer--a—pecsen—for--whom 
registration-is-r-equireEIT 
Letter of Jack A. Goldberger, Esq., Ex. 
. That Florida authorities did not — and do not —
believe that Mr. Epstein presented a risk of reoffense is evidenced not just by Mr. Epstein's 
lowest-level reporting designation but also by the fact that he was permitted, while serving his 
sentence in the West Palm Beach County Jail, to leave the jail on a daily basis on work release 
for most of the period of his 13-month incarceration and that during his subsequent year of 
community control supervision (a probationary-type sentence), both the court and his probation 
officer agreed to permit him to travel outside Florida for business purposes on a significant 
number of occasions. He has now completed his year of community control supervision, having 
fully complied with all the requirements and obligations imposed on him. 
In addition, Mr. Epstein has been evaluated by a clinical psychologist, Stephen R. Alexander, 
Psy. D., who, based upon his 25 years of experience as a forensic psychologist, has attested that 
Mr. Epstein presents no threat to the community and that the risk of his reoffending is 
"negligible": 
Since my initial assessment of Mr. Epstein, he has been extremely cooperative with all of the 
services provided to him. He has remained willing to focus on himself, his behavior and the 
attitudes, beliefs and expectations that undergird his approach to life. Relying upon my 25 
years of experience as a forensic psychologist and the plethora of data gathered by me during 
that time, I state with confidence that Jeffrey Epstein poses no threat to himself or the 
community. It is abundantly clear that he has learned his lesson and the probability of his 
reoffending is negligible. 
EFTA00729355
--- PAGE 4 ---
[MARTY AS YOU AND JEE DISCUSSED, WE NEED TO STATE THAT THE 
ALEXANDER EVALUATION IS A PRIVILEGED DOC BUT IS AVAILABLE] 114ad-the-slate
Fletiele-lutd-any-infematienr  or--even-a f 
eemmunity-sentrel-seraeffee: 
—In—addifienN4f=Epstein—has—f0f—iner-e—than—feur—yeaFs—veluntafily—jaaftieipateel—in 
engeingeempleted—thefapeutie-tr-eatment-with-a-elininal-psyc-holegist,Stephen-RAlexander7
Ps.j.D
.eahe7 baseel-upen-his-2-5-years-ef--exper4enee-as-a-ferensie-psyehelegistrhis-intertsive 
evaluatien-ef-MfEpsteinand-his-year-s-ef-4herapy-sessiens-with-Mfgpsteinr auests-that-Mr, 
Dr. Alexander's CV is included in Ex. 
. [MARTY - I ASSUME WE WILL INCLUDE 
THE CV AS WE ARE RELYING ON ALEXANDER'S OPINION IN THE LETTER.' 
EFTA00729356
--- PAGE 5 ---
Since my-initial-assessmeat-ef-Mf r Epstein I艳-has-been-extremely-eoeperative-with-all-el 
the-seeviees-previded-ie-him.44e-has-spem a great-deal-ectime-anci-energy-fecusiog-on-h耔 
behavior-and-ihe-attituelesrbeliefs-and-expeetations-that-undertirel-his-appreaeh-ie-life.-He 
has-examineel-his-prieFities-aaci-uralergene-a-cempreheasive-self-exploratioa-en-rnere 
than-orie-oeeasion,-primarilrbeeause-oc-the-vasi-ehariges-that-haveeeeurred-in-his-life 
and-the-upheaval-these-events-have-eauseilr-Threugheut-it-all-ivir.-gpsiein-has-remaineel 
willing-te-fecus-en-himself-and-how-te-tufa-even-the-masi-Elire-peFserial-e*peFienees-into 
fireduetiye-eiterienees-to-the-fullest-eitient-pessiblerin-my-erinieri-Mr.-Epstein-has-been 
highly-eeeperaiive-with-and-benefitieel-frem-ihe-tremmera-provideel-ever-ihe-lasi-four 
yearsimel-ihere-is-no-need-for-any-additienal-eempuisery-tremment.4telying-uperi-my-2.5 
years-cif-experience as a forensie-psyshelogist-aml-the-plethoFa-eklaia-gaihered-by-me,4 
statc with ce妒七靶!ICC that Jcffity Epstela-peses-ne-threat-te-hanselfemhe-eeentianitty.-it 
is-abtatdatttly-elear-that-he-has-learned-his-lessen-and-ihe-prebability◎Fhis-re（？雁？］tling-is 
negligibia-la-my-prefessienal-epinien；Mr. Epstein-clees-aet-Fequife-any-eempulsory-or 
manclaiediremment-for-his-risk-prefile-to-remain-at-its-present-barrieve6Even-sorhe-itas 
expressed-an-inierest-ia-maimaining his counseling-wirh-rae-en-a-velontary-basis,-whieli4 
have-agreeel-te-previele.-14ewever,-10-me-r-epeat-ihat4ff.-Erstein-peses-ne-thfeat-te-eithe: 
himselfer-the-eenanunity,-attd-he-requires-ne-addiaenal-interventiett-er-frefifttlenifer-his 
ne-risidiew risk status-te-be-maintained-in-thefaittre. 
EFTA00729357
--- PAGE 6 ---
Letter_astephena, _mexanderla
y
—All of these circumstances - Mr. Epstein's low-risk classification in Florida, the state 
where the offense was committed, the low-risk assessment inherent in the decisions of 
Florida authorities -responsible for the protection of the community, who knew him first-
hand, to admit him to work release during his period of incarceration and to permit him to 
travel outside of Florida during his period of community control supervision, his 
volantafy-paFtieipatien-in-ongoing-therapy-with-Df=Alexanderr  1412r. Alexander's well-
supported judgment that Mr. Epstein presents no threat to the community and that risk of 
reoffense by  Mr. Epstein is negligiblepfesents-little-ef-ne-Fisk-of-Fooffense, the fact that 
the offense ended almost five years ago, and there has been no subsequent criminal 
misconduct of any kind, and the fact that Mr. Epstein is a mature, responsible, 
professional adult who uses neither alcohol nor drugs all support the conclusion that the 
supervision which accompanies a level 1 designation will more than suffice to serve the 
purposes of SORA. That conclusion is supported by the calculation of Mr. Epstein's risk 
assessment guidelines score. 
The Conduct Underlying the Offense Trieeering the Florida Registration 
Rea uirement 
The offense which required Mr. Epstein to register as a sex offender in the Sstate of 
Florida was a violation of Fla. Stat. §796.03, which criminalizes procuring a person under 
the age of 18 (the age of consent in€ Florida) for prostitution, specifically, here, one 
"A.D." The nearest New York cognate among the registerable offenses listed in N.Y. 
Correction Law §168-a is N.Y. Penal Law §230.04 (patronizing a prostitute). The 
information to which Mr. Epstein pled guilty charged that the offense occurred between 
August I, 2004, and October 9, 2005, see Information, Ex. 
, that latter date being the 
day before A.D.'s 18th birthday. Thus, for almost all of the duration of the charged 
offense, A.D. was over the age of 17, and the wholly consensual conduct; in exchange for 
money, which occurred between the two would not even have been a registerable offense 
in New York. See §168-a(2)(a)(i)_(§230.04 a registerable offense only if "person 
patronized" is in fact under 17 years old). Indeed, at the time of the offense at issue, the 
conduct which occurred after A.D. turned 17 years of age would not even have been a 
crime under that statute if the conduct had taken place in New York.2-_Mr. Epstein's 
offense ranks among the least serious of those which trigger the requirement of SORA 
registration. The single Florida offense which required registration involved only one 
4.-Dr r
 metender_s_evis_meluds.
Th
_ 
• Ex. 
In 2007, §230.04 was amended to extend its coverage to prostitution offenses involving 
individuals of any age, not just those under the age of 17, as the statute was written when 
Mr. Epstein's offense was committed in 2004-05. Under §230.04 as written in 2004-05, 
the offense, to the extent that A.D. was in the last three months of her 16th year, would 
have been a misdemeanor had it been committed in New York. 
EFTA00729358
--- PAGE 7 ---
woman, and there was no force or violence involved at any time, nor did A.D. suffer from 
any mental disability, mental incapacity, or physical helplessness. The points attributable 
to the Current Offense factors (factors 1-7) total less than 70. 
Criminal History 
Prior to the offense at issue, Mr. Epstein had no prior criminal history whatsoever. 
Mr. Epstein's date of birth is January 20, 1953, and he was, accordingly, more than 
twenty years of age when the offense at issue was committed. Mr. Epstein does not use 
alcohol or illegal drugs and -has no history of either drug or alcohol abuse. Accordingly, 
Mr. Epstein should be scored at zero for the Criminal History factors (factors 8-11). 
Post-Offense Behavior 
On June 30, 2008, Mr. Epstein pled guilty to the offense which subjected him to the 
requirement that he register as a sex offender in Florida and has fully accepted 
responsibility for his conduct. Mr. Epstein served approximately 13 months in a West 
Palm Beach County jail (rather than in a state correctional facility). During most of his 
period of confinement, from; October 10, 2008; through July 22, 2009, the date of his 
release, Mr. Epstein participated in the jail's work release program, see Letter of Deputy 
K. Smith, Ex. 
, which permitted him to leave the jail in the morning six days a week 
for his place of employment, the Florida Science Foundation, and return in the evening. 
That Mr. Epstein  he—satisfactorily complied with the requirements of the program is 
evidenced by the fact that he remained in the work release program up to the time of his 
release from custody. 
After his release on July 22, 2009, Mr. Epstein was subject to a one-year period of 
community control, which required, among other conditions, that he maintain contact 
with the probation office as required, that he be confined to his residence subjeet-te 
eleetrenie-menitefing-during the hours when he was not working or performing public 
service, that he not leave his county of residence without the consent of his probation 
officer, that he commit no further violations of the law, and that he maintain employment. 
During Mr. Epstein's period of community control from July 22, 
2009, through July 
21, 2010, he was permitted by the court, with the assent of his probation officer and 
without opposition by the state's attorney, to travel (including overnight stays) to New 
York and to the Virgin Islands for business purposes on a number of occasions, thus 
demonstrating a substantial level of trust by both the court and his supervising probation 
officer in Mr. Epstein's ability to refrain from unlawful conduct of any kind and to 
conform his conduct to the terms of his community control order and to the orders 
authorizing his travel, which he did on every such occasion.; Mr. Epstein successfully 
completed his term of community control on July, 21, 2010, see Florida Department of 
Corrections Termination of Supervision notice, Ex. 
, 
having at all times fully 
complied with all obligations and restrictions imposed upon him. 
One such travel order is attached as Ex. 
EFTA00729359
--- PAGE 8 ---
Net-enlyaas-Mr. Epstein has never refused or been expelled from tny_treatment since 
the time of his sentencing 'MARTY — THIS REFERENCE IS DIFFICULT TO 
UNDRSTAND --  (factor 12(2));—he—hasr  on—the—eiantrafyr  patheipated—sinee-20064n 
engoing-therapeutie-tfeatment-with Clinical Psychologist Stephen R. Alexander, Psy. D, 
as described above.] Based on his professional expertise-and-the-aubstantial-time-he-has 
spent-with-Mfr Epstein-over-the-c-earse-ef-FROfe-thail-fear-years, Dr. Alexander is able to 
state unequivocally that Mr. Epstein has learned his lesson, that Mr. Epstein presents no 
threat to the community and that the risk that Mr. Epstein will ever reoffend is negligible. 
and-that-there-is-little-er-no-risk-that-he
ill-ever-reeffend7 Accordingly, Mr. Epstein 
should be scored at zero for the Post-Offense Behavior factors (factors 12-13). 
Release Environment 
Factor 14 contemplates that the risk level assessment will be made, as required under 
New York law, prior to the offender's release from incarceration. Here, as the preceding 
section shows, Mr. Epstein was released from jail more than a year ago and was subject 
to close supervision for a period of one year afterwards. During the same time, ho
eentinaed-his-thecapeutie-treatment-sessions-Nvith-Dfr Alexender-r syhiell-eentinue-te-this 
day. The score for factor 14 should, accordingly, be zero. 
Mr. Epstein maintains a vacation private residence in Manhattan, which he owns, as 
well as residences in Florida and the Virgin Islands. In connection with both Mr. 
Epstein's employment and philanthropic work, his interactions are with adult business 
professionals, medical professionals, scientists and educatorsthow—deseribe—eurrent
employment?} There is nothing in either -Mr. Epstein's living or employment situations 
which could even remotely be considered "inappropriate." The score on factor 15 too 
should be zero. 
Overrides 
None of the listed factors are of any relevance or applicability to Mr. Epstein's risk 
level designation. 
Conclusion 
Based on all the relevant factors, Mr. Epstein should be classified as a level 1 sex 
offender. Even should the Board -somehow conclude that Mr. Epstein's risk assessment 
guidelines score exceeds 70, the circumstances addressed in this letter differentiate this 
case so markedly from the norm of level 2 sex offenders that the Board should 
recommend a level 1 classification, as it is empowered to do under the Sex Offender 
Guidelines. The ultimate issue is the risk that the offender will reoffend, and the 
information provided to the Board with this letter persuasively demonstrates that such a 
risk is virtually nonexistent in this case. 
EFTA00729360

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729361.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rich Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
PO Box 400 
New York, NY 10150 
September 26, 2009 
Rich, 
In follow up to our last meeting I am providing you with reports discussed that will show you how we 
intend to position MC2 Model Management as we enter 2010. We have reduced our operational 
expenses in both offices in order to have a 4.5 million dollar gross billing breakeven point for the 
calendar year 2010. We look to the 4th quarter for a strong finish to round out the year with a 6.9 
million dollar consolidated gross billing for the 2009 calendar year. Reaching this goal will have us close 
2009 without a consolidated net operating loss or a nominal one if any. 
We look to the 41h quarter with optimism as the economy has slowly been starting to move again in the 
2nd half of 2009 and we have seen this mirrored in the production and planning of retail advertising. 
We recognize that we will be challenged in the 41h quarter to meet our goals but are finishing 2009 in 
what we believe is a healthy position for the future with a reduction in expenses that allows the 
company to maintain the current income level and still have room to increase revenue for 2010. 
At present we have retained Monte Engler of the law firm Phillips Nizer in order to begin the resolution 
of our open tax issue. We are discussing and putting together a plan in order to service this liability 
over time. As we have just begun this process it is difficult to make any further forward looking 
statements; however, we will attempt below to factor that liability into the repayment of our line of 
credit. It is obviously imperative for us to meet our obligations to the government in order to continue 
to operate the business and service our debt to the line of credit. 
During the 4th Quarter of 2009 we will make our best efforts to pay back as much as we can toward the 
line of credit. Below I am outlining a proposed payment plan for 2010, and onward, based on the 
following gross billing estimates; providing that we are able to set an annual payment plan with the IRS 
for $240,000 per year. 
EFTA00729361
--- PAGE 2 ---
Available for Debt 
Reduction 
Gross 
Billings 
Gross Profit 
(27.5% 
Margin) 
Projected Net Income 
IRS 
Line of 
Credit 
4,500,000 
1,237,500 
5,500,000 
1,512,500 
270,000 
240,000 
30,000 
6,000,000 
1,650,000 
410,000 
240,000 
170,000 
6,500,000 
1,787,500 
550,000 
240,000 
310,000 
7,000,000 
1,925,000 
640,000 
240,000 
400,000 
7,500,000 
2,062,500 
740,000 
240,000 
500,000 
8,000,000 
2,200,000 
790,000 
240,000 
550,000 
8,500,000 
2,337,500 
890,000 
240,000 
650,000 
9,000,000 
2,475,000 
940,000 
240,000 
700,000 
Fluctuations and variances of the above figures are pending the finalization of an agreement with the 
IRS that is being prepared for initiation. I've posted more conservative numbers as our profitability 
increases taking into account the necessity for key employee bonuses, the potential for slightly more 
support staff, and possibility of an increased need for promotion and travel. 
Realistic performance estimates for 2010 fall in the range of 6.5MM to 7.5MM. Looking forward this 
should allow us to service our IRS debt and repay the line of credit within 36 months conservatively or 
sooner depending on the businesses performance and productivity. In the event that we are not able 
to broker the deal we wish to with the IRS and the company performs on the conservative end of the 
above estimates it could be reasonable forecast a repayment schedule taking as long as 48 months. 
Sincerely, 
Jeff R Fuller 
EFTA00729362
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00729363

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729364.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729364.pdf
----------------------------------------
RICHARD C.W. HALL, M.D., P.A 
SUMMARY 
US Dollars 
Description 
Amount 
Total Billed thru 11/11/09 
67,048.59 
Total Paid thru 12/18/09 - Jack Goldberger 
25,145.72 
Total Paid thru 12/18/09 - Critton 
902.87 
Total Outstanding Balance as of 12/18/09 
- 
EFTA00729364
--- PAGE 2 ---
RICHARD C.W. HALL, M.D., P.A 
Invoice & Payment History 
US Dollars 
Payments from 
Date 
Payments from 
Date 
Paid 
Invoice Date 
Amount 
Jack Goldberger 
Paid 
Critton 
retainer---> 
7,000.00 2? 
8/7/2009 
23,145.72 
16,145.72 9/18/2009 
9/3/2009 
8,131.20 
9/28/2009 
15,833.20 
11/11/2009 
19,938.47 
2,000.00 retainer ?? 
41,902.87 
12/7/2009 
TOTALS 
048.59 
145.72 
902.87 
Total Outstanding Balance as of 12/18/09 
$ 
- 
EFTA00729365

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729366.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729366.pdf
----------------------------------------
WILLIAM L. RICHEY, P.A. 
One Biscayne Tower — 34th Floor 
South Biscayne Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33131-1897 
Facsimile: (305) 372.3669 
December 11, 2009 
William El. Riley 
Riley Kiraly 
5645 Coral Ridge Drive, #391 
Coral Springs, FL 33076 
Re: 
Epstein 
Our File No. 3743-2 
Dear Bill: 
5501 SW Sunshine Farms Way 
P,Im rift/ Florid, 1A0Q11 SSOli
Please Reply To: 
Palm City Office 
Enclosed is our invoice, dated December 1, 2009, for legal services provided during 
November in the amount of $239.20 (this invoice also reflects a previous balance of $2,108.60, for 
a total due in the amount of $2,347.80). 
All payments and billing correspondence should be directed to our Palm City office, 
with payments payable to William L. Richey, P.A. or, if preferred, funds may be wired to 
CNLBank, 550 Bilhnore Way, Suite 118, Coral Gables, Florida 33134, ABA #063114289, in lieu 
of a Swift Code: Please Use Correspondent Bank of Your Choice, for credit to William L. 
Richey, P.A. Iota Account #005300588a To avoid confusion in identifying your wire, please 
include File Number 3743-2 with your wire transfer instructions. Thank you. 
As always, should you have questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us. 
Sincerely, 
William L Richey, P.A. 
Signed in Mr. Richey's absence lo avoid delay 
WLR/lav 
Enclosure 
EFTA00729366
--- PAGE 2 ---
WILLIAM L. RICIIEY, P. A. 
5501 S.W. SUNSHINE FARMS WAY 
PALM CITY, FL 34990 
December 01, 2009 
William H. Riley 
Riley Kiraly 
5645 Coral Ridge Drive 
Box 391 
Coral Springs, FL 33076 
In Reference To3743.2 
Epstein 
Invoice # 
13306 
Professional Services 
Hours 
Amount 
11/1/2009 WLR Review and respond to messages. 
0.10 
11/2/2009 DT 
Review e-mail regarding transfer of responsibility of 
0.10 
William Riley to Robert Critton. 
11/21/2009 WLR Review and respond to messages. 
0.15 
11/23/2009 DT 
Review e-mail regarding non-prosecution agreement. 
0.10 
For professional services rendered 
0.45 
$230.00 
Telefax, telephone, photocopies, postage 
$9.20 
Total amount of this bill 
$239.20 
Previous balance 
$2,108.60 
Balance due 
52,347.80 
EFTA00729367
--- PAGE 3 ---
• 
EFTA00729368

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729369.pdf
----------------------------------------
WILLIAM L. RICHEY, P.A. 
One Biscayne Tower - 34ffi Floor 
South Biscayne Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33131.1897 
February 9, 2010 
William H. Riley 
c/o Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq. 
Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman, LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
Epstein 
Our File No. 3743-2 
Dear Bob: 
5501 SW Sunshine Farms Way 
Palm City, Florida 34990-5696 
Please Reply To: 
Miami Office 
Enclosed is our invoice #7976, dated February 1, 2010, which reflects a previous balance 
due of $239.20. 
Please note, effective immediately, all payments are to be sent to our Miami Office. 
All payments and billing correspondence should be directed to our Miami Office, with 
payments payable to William L Richey, P.A. or, if preferred, funds may be wired to CNLBank, 
550 Biltmore Way, Suite 118, Coral Gables, Florida 33134, ABA #063114289, in lieu of a Swift 
Code: Please Use Correspondent Bank of Your Choice, for credit to William L. Richey, P.A. 
Iota Account #0053005880. To avoid confusion in identifying your wire, please include File 
Number 37.43-2 with your wire transfer instructions. Thank you. 
As always, should you have questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us. 
WLR/lav 
Enclosure 
chey, P.A. 
idzey's absence to avoid delay 
,b751 
ifrajt
-a/ 
EFTA00729369
--- PAGE 2 ---
WILLIAM L. RICHEY, P. A. 
5501 S.W. SUNSHINE FARMS WAY 
PALM CITY, FL 34990 
February 01, 2010 
William H. Riley 
Riley Kiraly 
5645 Coral Ridge Drive 
Box 391 
Coral Springs, FL 33076 
In Reference To3743.2 
• Epstein 
7976 
Amount 
Previous balance 
$2,347.80 
1/12/2010 Payment from account 
($2,108.60) 
Total payments and adjustments 
($2,108.60) 
Balance due 
$239.20 
Previous balance of Client funds 
$0.00 
1/12/2010 Payment to account 
$2,108.60 
1/12/2010 Payment from account 
($2,108.60) 
New balance of Client funds 
$0.00 
EFTA00729370

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729371.pdf
----------------------------------------
WILLIAM L. RICHEY, P.A. 
One Biscayne Tower — 34th Floor 
South Biscaync Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33131-1897 
Facsimile: (305) 372-3669 
November 11, 2009 
William H. Riley 
Riley Kiraly 
5645 Coral Ridge Drive, #391 
Coral Springs, FL 33076 
Re: 
Epstein 
Our File No. 3743-2 
Dear Bill: 
5501 SW Sunshine Fanns Way 
" • 
In 
• -I 
ann.. ei  6
Please Reply To: 
Palm City Office 
Enclosed is our invoice, dated November 1, 2009, for legal services provided during 
October in the amount of $1,029.60 (this invoice includes a previous balance of $1,079.00, for a 
total due in the amount of $2,108.60). 
All payments and billing correspondence should be directed to our Palm City office, 
with payments payable to William L. Richey, P.A. or, if preferred, funds may be wired to 
CNLBank, 550 Biltmore Way, Suite 118, Coral Gables, Florida 33134, ABA 0063114289, in lieu 
of a Swift Code: Please Use Correspondent Batik of Your Choice, for credit to William L. 
Richey, P.A. Iota Account #0053005880. To avoid confusion in identifying your wire, please 
include File Number 3743-2 with your wire transfer instructions. Thank you. 
As always, should you have questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us. 
Sincerely, 
William L. Richey, P.A. 
Signed in Mr. Rid ey's absence to avoid delay 
WLR/lav 
Enclosure 
EFTA00729371
--- PAGE 2 ---
.Ai 
• 
1,-T; 
. 
iec:Tr.4! 
te• 
Jfi.,orsea.t7, I 
bat:Cit .:A tint'', .... 
Ecat::,. • ": 
.• • 
' ANL"? 
j, 
. 
• 
•• 
• 
• •Ste, ••••••••••- . ..• 
•.. 
• 
• 
. 
-
I
-
•
. • • . 
•:. 
: 
•.•••::* 
•li 
EFTA00729372
--- PAGE 3 ---
WILLIAM L. RICKEY, P. A. 
5501 S.W. SUNSHINE FARMS WAY 
PALM CITY, FL 3499
November 01, 2009 
William H. Riley 
Riley Kiraly 
5645 Coral Ridge Drive 
Box 391 
Coral Springs, FL 33076 
In Reference 103743.2 
Epstein 
Invoice # 
13276 
Professional Services 
Hours 
Amount 
10/8/2009 WLR Review and respond to messages. 
0.30 
10/13/2009 WLR Review and respond to messages. 
0.20 
10/14/2009 WLR Review and respond to messages. 
0.20 
10/14/2009 DT 
Review e-mails regarding scheduling of deposition of 
client. 
0.10 
10/16/2009 WLR Telephone call to Kathy Ezell and left message. 
0.30 
Telephone conference with Kathy Ezell. Review and 
respond to messages. 
10/19/2009 WLR Review and respond to messages. 
0.20 
10/19/2009 DT 
Review e-mail regarding service of new subpoena. 
0.10 
For professional services rendered 
1.40 
$990.00 
Telefax, telephone, photocopies, postage 
$39.60 
Total amount of this bill 
$1,029.60 
EFTA00729373
--- PAGE 4 ---
3743.2 
William H. Riley 
Previous balance 
Balance due 
Page 
Amount 
$1,079.00 
$2,108.60 
EFTA00729374

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729375.pdf
----------------------------------------
G6 Investigations, consulting & Protection Group, Inc. 
2101 N. Commerce Parkway, Weston, Florida 33326-3238 
 • Fax 954.302.6239 
www.g6pi.com FLLic. 1,2600312 
Richard A. Bates 
Career 
Seventeen years of law enforcement experience consisting of patrol 
Summary: 
functions, investigative functions of narcotics, homicide and street crimes. 
My law enforcement career ended as a six-year Sergeant in change of training and investigations. 
My IO-year private investigative duties have included all types of investigations up to and 
including wrongful death and police misconduct cases. I have established a reputation as a civil 
rights expert in court and in referral cases throughout the legal community. 
Strengths: 
Education: 
• 
Strong background in civil rights, police conduct (both sides) and wrongful death cases. 
• 
Highly motivated to investigate fully, professionally and put together a comprehensive 
investigative report with recommendations. 
• 
Strong Communication and problem solving skills. 
• 
Strong networking ability with the ability to interact professionally and confidently with all 
level of professionals. 
• 
Strong investigative skills, including dealing with all types of people. 
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN CRIMINAL JUSTICE ADMINISTRATION 
University of Phoenix, Graduated in May 2004 
POLICE ACADEMY 
Maine State Police Academy (1980) with Honors 
DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINSTRATION AGENT SCHOOL 
Basic Session 1985 
Advanced Session 1986 
Florida Certified: 
Field Training Officer 
First Line Supervision 
Police Instructor 
Tactical Response 
Investigation of Organized Crime 
Thousands of Hours of In-Service Training within Maine and Florida 
Personal Attorney Tutelage to become a police expert paralegal 
66Investigations & Consulting, • Providing the Highest linefeed of Quality feryke 
EFTA00729375
--- PAGE 2 ---
Richard A. Bates 
Page 2 
Experience: 
Portsmouth Police Department, NH 1979.1980 
Auxiliary Police officer while attending University of New Hampshire 
Berwick Police Department. ME. 1980- 1993 
Patrol Officer, Field Training Officer and some drug undercover operations and investigations, 
including homicide. 
Kittery Police Department, ME. 1983 —1984 
Patrol Officer, Investigations, DUI task force and some drug undercover operations (street 
crimes). 
Sunrise Police Department, FL, 1984 — 1997 
Patrol Officer, Undercover Detective in the Vice, Intelligence and Narcotics Unit under the 
tutelage of future Attorney General Robert Butterworth. 
Lauderdale By The Sea Police Department, FL 1997 —1995 
Patrol Officer, promoted to Sergeant in 1989. As Sergeant. was shift commander and responsible 
to train and develop new talent on the police force. I continued to supervise undercover drug 
operations and investigations, including wrongful death. 
Preferred Investigations, FL. 1997 - 2009 
Established a small private investigation company catering to attorneys working in the areas of 
personal injury, criminal defense, civil rights, worker's compensation and medical malpractice. 
G6 Investigations, Consulting & Protection Group, Inc. 
Vice President of Investigations. 
Awards & 
Honors: 
4-time officer of the month 
Officer of the Year 1989 
Judges' Service Award 1985 
Honorable Mention to Office of the Year 1985 
Carnegie Hero Award 1990 
Highest Testing Score (then ever) at the Maine Academy 1980 
Cited for Bravery for a Armed Robbery capture 1982 
Community 
Shenandoah Homeowners' Association Board 1994.1997 (Treas.) 
Service: 
Shenandoah Homeowners' Association Board 2006.2008 (Pres.) 
Volunteer for Sheriffs race in 2008 
References: 
Excellent personal and professional reference available upon request. 
alnvestigations & Consulting, • Providing the Illghest Standard of Quality Service 
EFTA00729376

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729377.pdf
----------------------------------------
Roads: 
Concrete stamp ordered, expected delivery of stamp Wednesday 20th May. Start mock up 
Monday using existing stamps. 
Gensler: 
Draft Budget & Schedule for Existing Compound 
Curtis proceeding with development of a Draft Budget and schedule for your review. 
Gensler 60% complete Design Development. 
Kitchen Concept, with Zorro Kitchen overlay to be forwarded to you for review. 
Dock House, Permits, and drawings. 
Conceptual drawings complete, under the impression that Gensler was in direct contact with 
you in regard to design phase, if not should Silvina proceed with design. Please advise? 
Permits: Need to resolve past issues with Army Corp (Darren) before filling application, Alan 
Smith preparing application for dock house, he promised to have it completed by Friday. This 
would then be filed once Army Corp issues are resolved. Will follow up with Darren. 
Master Bathroom Budget & Schedule. 
Awaiting CZM to verify permit approval, Alan Smith will clarify by the end of the 
week. 
As requested Curtis forwarded a Bill Rowles Draft Budget and Schedule to you last week for 
your review, awaiting your response. Please advise 
Sarah has had no response from Pinto Offices in regard to design questions for PBI, 71g st 
and LSJ. This information would assist with Budget and schedule process. Please Advise 
Landscaping: 
Vegetable garden and fruit trees, awaiting design by Silvina for your approval. 
Will then complete stonework, then plant. 
UVI Contacts: will be forwarding a proposal this week 
Irrigation: 
Yes we still have Scott Graff, unable to find suitable candate to fulfill this position in house. 
Grafts hours have been cut back, to basic maintenance with occasional work, i.e.: relocation of 
lines and sprinklers after road drainage and landscape development at the manager's cottage. 
Looking in PR and local hotels for candidate. 
Landscape Design, confirming that Gensler forwarded info on 3 perspective companies. 
PR Company not viable. Will continue researching, the following, irrigation person/company, 
landscape manager and landscape designer 
Boats: 
Crew boat: 
Already have an offer on the boat; purchaser needs 45 days for financing. Purchase price was 
$255k. There new boat ordered has been delayed. 
Please advise course of action? 
Nana: LV awaiting direction as to use of boat, i.e. JEE boat new Suzuki 300, Staff boat smaller 
engines. Please advise? 
Rental House: 
Forwarded info to you for your review, Sarah and Story are visiting the week of the 25th May to 
research options. 
Please advise? 
EFTA00729377

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729378.pdf
----------------------------------------
ofr 
?nriL DiivTr5 
) 
NTAKK r Fu i& firm 
1.415 
K ,LLS 
ViVw• 
uheArr 
-rds, 
N ic of "TheA.-.5 
?? 
EFTA00729378

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729379.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 
IN RF: JEFFREY EPSTETN 
DRAFT 
VIDEOTAPED INTERVIEW OF 
02510 
EFTA00729379
--- PAGE 2 ---
INV 
e 
Page 12 
in he didn't care-
A I don't think he eared He Nihilist: Ibe VIM inger 
the 
I) 'the ,,conger the better? All right 
A hem much that's how it worked, Ile didn't --
let tile nisi put it dos way, tic 
tried to In lug him. I 
n WI] In I wen*: hem a “eimait ‘‘list was 23 and lie &hit really 
liken 
t) Ile didn't go lin t'w 
A It's not Mai he didn't go fix it li slush that 
1 lit dnhi t cafe lix n And he likes the girls that ate 
1• 2 between the ages of lake 1% ana 20 (Video at 12:18) 
Q 1 Nat 
A Rut 
the gibe 
think 
of them he 
1• 5 about then age. I know that when 1 started nth' young I 
think he knew Lite. In believe me I think he knew that 
was younger. like 17. hut I mid him that I nes like 18 
Q I )k.. 
(Video xt 11:211) 
A Moo of the girls tied when they go in there 
Q Right Ileempze 
M
a
i
d
she 
s 18 
A 
Yeah. Most of them I believe led. Ana—
P,Ige / 1 
rage 
Q Okm Did. did fatl' know am body's teal true age 
(Pages 10 to 13) 
02513 
EFTA00729380

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729381.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 0 E Ltd. / Art of Eating 
ROBYN'S NEST 
STATIONARY HORS D' OEUVRE: 
• 
Robins Island Oysters on the Half Shell 
• 
Osetra Caviar with Brioche Toasts, Bowls of Chopped Red Onion, Lemon and Creme 
Fraiche — 4 oz. Tin of Caviar 
PASSED HORS D' OEUVRE: 
• 
Mozzarella, Prosciutto & Fresh Thyme Quesadilla with Tomato Relish 
• 
Tuna Tartare in Wonton Cone with Wasabi Tobiko and Ginger Creme Fraiche 
• 
Steamed Vegetable Dumplings; Sauce Brandon 
• 
Rolled Filet of Beef and Crispy Julienne Vegetables with Horseradish Cream 
PLATED DINNER: 
FIRST COURSE: 
• 
Woodland Mushroom "Cappuccino" with -hurtle Cream & Porcini Dust 
SECOND COURSE: 
• 
Roasted Shallot Custard — Served at Room Temperature in Tiny Ramekins with a side of: 
• 
A Tangle of Baby Greens with Aged Balsamic Vinegar 
THIRD COURSE: 
• 
Please Choose One: 
•Lemon Herb Risotto with Grilled Artichokes and Grilled Radicchio 
Q
• 
•Spaghetti with Saffron Onions, Greens and Sun Dried Tomatoes and Currants 
ENTREE• 
• 
Pan Roasted Halibut with Grilled Fennel and Picholine Olive Vinaigrette 
• 
Little Potatoes Steamed with Sweet Butter, Parsley and French Sea Salt 
CHEESE COURSE: 
• 
Three Very Special Cheeses with Grapes, Figs and Spiced Almonds 
NOTE: One Cheese will be "runny" and one will be Goat Cheese 
DESSERT: 
• 
Birthday Cake- Flavor to be determined 
• 
Chocolate Soufflé with Pistachio Sauce and Candied Pistachios 
• 
Bowls of Whipped Cream 
• 
Assorted Cookies 
• 
Freshly Ground Special Blend Coffee, Swiss Water Decaf, Teas, and Herbal Teas 
Copyright AOE Ltd. 2003 
All Rights Reserved 
DPiPlated 21Barst 
P. O. Box 3232 • East Hampton, New York 11937 • 
• Fax 631.267.2435 
EFTA00729381

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729382.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
Rock Legal Services & Investigations Inc 
2048 Ponce De Leon Avenue 
INVOICE 
Invoice 
6/21/2010 
West Palm Beach, FL 33407 
Phone: (561) 296-7574 
Fax: (561) 296-7575 
65-1193731 
Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman 
303 Banyan Blvd 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Reference Number: Epstein 
Case Number: N/A 
INVESTIGATION 
Received: 6/9/2010 
: 6/21/2010 INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES 
To be served on: 
- Surveillance 
ITEMIZED LISTING 
Line Item 
Quantity 
Price 
Amount 
Investigation per hour 06/10/2010 
12.00 
75.00 
900.00 
Investigation per hour 06/11/2010 
12.50 
75.00 
937.50 
Investigation per hour 06/12/2010 
14.25 
75.00 
1,068.75 
Investigation per hour 06/13/2010 
15.50 
75.00 
1,162.50 
Investigation per hour 06/14/2010 
9.75 
75.00 
731.25 
Investigation per hour 06/16/2010 
16.00 
75.00 
1,200.00 
Investigation per hour 06/17/2010 
15.50 
75.00 
1,162.50 
Mileage 
140.00 
0.50 
70.00 
Professional Courtesy Discount 
1.00 
-70.00 
-70.00 
Tax 
1.00 
6.50% 
461.01 
TOTAL CHARGED: 
$7,623.51 
BALANCE DUE: 
$7,623.51 
Please include the involcenumber on your check. 
Payment due on receipt. A late fee of $10 will apply to each unpaid invoice after 60 days. 
Copyript 01992.2010 00abbse Solvicet Inc • P,00ns Somers Team Ve 4b 
EFTA00729382

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729383.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rock Legal Services & Investigations Inc 
2048 Ponce De Leon Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33407 
Phone: (561) 296.7574 
Fax: (561) 296-7575 
65-1193731 
Burman, Craton, Luttier & Coleman 
303 Banyan Blvd 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
STATEMENT 
Statement covers Unpaid Invoices through 7/14/2010. 
7/14/2010 
Phone: (561) 842-2820 
Fax (561) 844-6929 
Invoice 
Inv. Date 
Person Served 
2010005425 
6/28/2010 
INVESTIGATION 
 SIN 
Amount 
Status 
Case: N/A 
Ref: Epstein 
gaitgaigalifk
w .
,"""s
Michael Pike & Pamela Pike 
American Home Shield of Florida, Inc. and American Home Shield Corporation 
165.08 
Current 
PAST 60 iffi pais
Case: 502010CA011391)0CXXMB AE Palm Beach 
20116630 
5/4/2010 
Swan, Dr. Amy 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AB Palm Beach 
2011631 
5/5/2010 
Swan, Dr. Amy 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 502008CA028058XXXXMB AB Palm Beach 
2011715 
6/16/2010 
Duncan, William 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 502008CA028058,000(MB AB Palm Beach 
Ref: Pike v. American Home Shield 
Ref: Mv. Epstein 
Ref: .v. 
Epstein 
Ref:I. v. Epstein 
68.00 
68.00 
196.88 
PAST 60 
PAST 60 
Current 
20116716 
6/16/2010 
Duncan, William 
117.00 
Current 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 502008CA028051)000(MB AB Palm Beach Ref: 
v. Epstein 
20116717 
5/5/2010 
McGuire, Ashley 
29.00 
PAST 60 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 502008CA028051)000(MB AB Palm Beach 
20111718 
5/5/2010 
McGuire, Ashley 
Ref:Mv. Epstein 
29.00 
PAST 60 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 502008CA028058)00(MB AB Palm Beach 
20116720 
5/14/2010 
Steinbacher, Thomas 
Ref:. v. Epstein 
34.00 
PAST 60 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 502008CA028051XXXXMB AB Palm Beach Ref: ay. Epstein 
Page 1 
PDF created with pdfFactory trial version www.odffactonbcom 
EFTA00729383
--- PAGE 2 ---
STATEMENT: Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman 
7/14/2010 
Invoice 
Inv. Date 
Person Served 
Amount 
Status 
2010008854 
6/21/2010 
IMI. 
Surveillance, OM 
7,623.51 
Current 
INVESTIGATION 
Case: N/A 
Ref: Epstein 
2010009152 
6/21/2010 
HIM 
JANE DOE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 08-80893CIV4AARRA/ 
Southern Ref: Doe v. Epstein 
2010009154 
6/21/2010 
JANE DOE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 08-80893CIV-MARRA/.I.= Southern Ref: Doe v. Epstein 
2010009155 
6/21/2010 
Brown, Jeff 
JANE DOE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 08-80893CIV-MARRA/ 
Southern Ref: Doe v. Epstein 
2010009156 
6/21/2010
JANE DOE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 08-80893CIV-MARRN 
Southern Ref: Doe v. Epstein 
GUY 
DAVID L. RUDNICK 
Case: 502008CA0302223000(MBAF Palm Beach Ref: 08-028 
2010009675 
7/2/2010 
Eisenberg, Esq., Jim 
58.00 
Current 
JANE DOE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 08-80893CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON Southern Ref: Doe v. Epstein 
2010009676 
7/6/2010 
Benz, Devon 
58.00 
Current 
JANE DOE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 08-80893CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON Southern Ref: Doe v. Epstein 
2010009677 
7/8/2010 
Sprague, Justin 
255.88 
Current 
JANE DOE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 08.80893CIV-MARRNJOHNSON Southern Ref: Doe v. Epstein 
2010009678 
7/1/2010 
Special., MS, LMHC, Randoe 
58.00 
Current 
JANE DOE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 08-80893CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON Southern Ref: Doe v. Epstein 
2010009679 
7/8/2010 
Meeks, Anthony 
166.88 
Current 
JANE DOE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 08-80893CIV-MARRAIJOHNSON Southern Ref: Doe v. Epstein 
2010009680 
7/2/2010 
Marsh, Amanda 
166.88 
Current 
JANE DOE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 08-80893CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON Southern Ref: Doe v. Epstein 
2010009681 
7/7/2010 
58.00 
Current 
JANE DOE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case: 08.80893CIV-MARRNJOHNSON Southern Ref: Doe v. Epstein 
58.00 
Current 
58.00 
Current 
58.00 
Current 
58.00 
Current 
Current 
Page 2 
PDF created with pdfFactory trial version www.odffactory.com 
CI 
a 
EFTA00729384
--- PAGE 3 ---
STATEMENT: Burman, Critton, Luttler & Coleman 
7/14/2010 
Invoice 
Inv. Date 
Person Served 
Amount 
Status 
2010009901 
7/1/2010 
INVESTIGATION 
=IS 
Case: N/A 
Ref: Epstein 
2010010090 
7/8/2010 
-Surveillances 
INVESTIGATION 
Case: N/A 
Ref: Epstein 
179.10 
Current 
4,947.91 
Current 
TOTAL AMOUNT DUE: 
Current: $14,312.12 Past 30: $0.00 Past 60: $248.00 Past 90: $0.00 
Page 3 
PDF created with pdfFactory trial version www.pdffactorv.com 
$ 
Past 120 
$0.00cov-
1'19 
EFTA00729385

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729386.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729386.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 2 
I 
APPEARANCES: 
On behalf &Jane Does I through 8: 
JESSICA ARBOUR, ESQUIRE 
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ... 
• 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
• 
Miami, l 
' 
Phone: 
E-mail: 
On behalf 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQUIRE 
BURMAN, CRTTTON, LUMER & COLEMAN, UP 
303 Banyan Boulevard 
Suite 400 
Wed Palm 
Florida 33401 
INDEX VOLUME I 
ROCKY ORE22011 
BY MR. PE103 
BY MS. ARBOUR 
WITNESS: 
DIRECT CROSS REDIRECT RECRO&S 
Page 4 
The other thing is that I am going to be 
asking some questions. In everyday language it's 
very common for the other person to start talking 
giving an answer, before the question is even done. 
So, what I would ask is please allow me to finish my 
question. And then I will allow you, in nun, to 
finish your answer before I start the next question. 
And this is just to make the court reporter here 
haPPy. Okay? 
A. Okay. 
Q All right. Please state your name for the 
record. 
A. Rocky Ore2zoli. 
Q. Can you spell that, please. 
A. R-o-c-k-y, last name is, 0 -r-e-24-z-o-1-i. 
Q. Where is you current residence address? 
A. Delray Beach, Florida. 
Q. What the address? 
A. 
Q How long have you lived there? 
A. Six years. 
Q. Okay. And where are you currently 
employed? 
A. Technically I am self-employed. 
Q. What do you do? 
' 1 
Page 3 
PROCEEDINGS 
Deposition taken before Cynthia Hopkins, 
Registered Professional Reporter and Florida 
Professional Reporter, and Notary Public in and for 
the State of Florida at Large, in the above cause. 
Thereupon, 
(ROCKY OREZZOLI) 
Having been first duly sworn or affirmed, was 
examined and testified as follows: 
DIRECT EXAMINATION 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Sir, my name is Michael Pike. 1 teprrsaa 
a gentleman by the name of Jeffrey Epstein in this 
matter. Have you ever had your deposition taken 
before? 
A. No. 
Q. Okay. The way that it works is the person 
sitting to your right and to my left is a court 
reporter. The machine sties typing on doesn't 
understand nods of the head or uh-huh and unh-unh. 
So, what I would ask you to do is give a verbal 
response so that she could take it down on the 
machine there. 
Page 5 
A. I am a soccer coach. 
Q. Okay. Where do you work? 
A. I work for Team Boca which is a soccer 
association of Boca Raton. I am contracted to work for 
them I should say. 
Q. Is that a full-time position? 
A. Yes. 
Q. Okay. What schools do you work at? 
A. I don't work at schools. 
Q. Was there ever a time that you were a 
soccer coach for any particular schools, high 
schools and/or college? 
A. Yes. 
Q. What roil
s
A. I svas at 
..)
?
kay. How long were you at • 
A. I was an assistant there for five seasons and 
also was head coach for 11 seasons. I taught sonic 
classes there as well. 
Q. Five seasons and 11 seasons, does that 
work out in years? 
A. More or less, y 
Q So, were you ata 
for more 
than ten years? 
PROSE COURT REPORTING AGENCY, INC. 
(Pages 2 to 5 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (601-051-976-2934) 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (601-061-976-2934) 
cea14d6c-3516-4ced-842b-e31268082244 
EFTA00729386
--- PAGE 2 ---
21. 
Page 6 
A. Yes. 
Q. And did you teach 
did you coach both 
boys and girls soccer? 
A. No, just girls. 
Q. Was there ever a time you worked at any 
high schools teaching soccer? 
A. Yes. 
Q. Okay. What high schools? 
A. Spanish River High School. 
Q. And what else? 
A. St. Andrews High School. Actually that's a 
middle school and high school. 
Q. Any others? 
A. High schools? 
Q. Yeah. 
A. Actually it wasn't high school when I worked 
there. It was called Boca Academy which was way back. 
Q. Right. 
A. But I taught middle school boys there. Now 
it's the Pinecrest School in Boca. 
Q. Was there ever a time at 
that you came to know a lady by the name of Jane I )c,c 
No. 4? 
A. Yes. 
Q. Okay. How did you come to know her? 
Page 8 
are preserving it for the record if there is 
any future issue with the court. It doesn't 
mean that you don't have to answer the 
question. 
THE WITNESS: I was just — I didn't lmow 
if there was an exchange that I had to wait. 
MR. PIKE: So, if you understand my 
question, then go ahead and answer it. 
THE WITNESS: I'm sorry. Could you repeat 
that? 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Sure. Did she excel as a player between 
MS. ARBOUR: Same objection. 
MR. PIKE: do ahead. 
THE WITNESS: She did well. She had a, 
she was technically a good player and l think 
she had probably nonnal ups and downs as a 
player but she did well. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. How would you describe her as a playa? 
A. Technically sound. She always had a very good 
fitness level. We gave fitness tests to the players 
when they came in, and she always performed very highly 
on those. She was a good — I mean, she was a good 
Page 7 
A. She played for one of the local club teams. 
When I say local it means within the county. And I had 
seen her la a few times and she had been interested in 
so we recruited her to attend and play 
soccer at 
Q. Okay. What local club did she play for at 
the time if you recall? 
A. Palm Beach United. 
play soccer for 
Q. And what 
did Jane Doe No. 4 come to 
Ae.al 
And she 
play 
Q. What type of player was she during those 
years? 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Asa coach what type of player was she? 
How would you describe her abilities? 
A. Shc was a good player. 
Q. Did she aced as a player from Ma to 
OMNI 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
MR. PIKE: It's a legal objection. When 
another lawyer says form, they don't like the 
way that I am asking the question. So, they 
Page 9 
player. I don't know that — it's a very open-ended 
question so I don't know specifically what you are 
asking. 
Q. You had an opportunity to coach her for 
approximately four years, correct? 
A. Yes. 
Q. And as a coach what I am asking you is how 
would you describe this specific player? I think 
you are going a good job: Technically sound, she 
had a high fitness level...ism 
her 
ability decree between 
MS. ARBOUR Form. 
THE WITNESS: In terms of technical 
ability? 
MR. PIKE: Yeah. 
171E WITNESS: No. I mean, like I said, I 
think she had normal, what I would view as 
normal ups and downs. She had times where she 
played well and she had times where she 
struggled. There were different games or so 
forth. But overall I think she was a good 
player. I think she was coachable. I believe 
she was a good teammate that took instruction 
well. So, those are things that you would say 
you have a good player. 
(Pages 
to 9) 
PROSE COURT REPORTING AGENCY, INC. 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (601.051.9762934) 
Electronically signed by cynthla hopkins (601-051.9762934) 
cea14d6c-3516.4cec1-842b-e312de0822od 
EFTA00729387
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 1,. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Was she on scholarship? 
A. Yes. 
Q. Olcay. What type of scholarship if you 
recall? • 
A. She was on an athletic scholarship. 
Q. Was it a full scholarship or partial 
scholarship? 
A. Partial scholarship. 
Q. Was it 50 percent or 75 percent ride or 
some other sort of break-out? 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
THE WITNESS: It was a — I didn't do it 
by percentage, and I can't remember the exact 
percentage because I can't remember the exact 
cost of the school and obviously the cost of 
school increased each year. But her 
scholarship was probably — it was in the 20's 
in terms of thousands of dollars and 
costs 
upwards of about 40, probably a little more 
now. So, it was more than half. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. And 
h larshi remain the same 
throughout 
A. Yes. And it increased which was a normal 
Page 12 
case for 
those years it didn't. It was generally 
the first week of November. 
Q. Between the years Vital 
was Jane Doe 
No. 4 in attendance regularly for practice between 
August and let's say November? 
MS. ARBOUR: FO1711 
THE WITNESS: For the most part I think 
so. I believe so. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. That's your best recollection? 
MS. ARBOUR: Form 
THE WITNESS: Yeah. I mean, if she might 
have missed a training or two, I would have to 
think about it. But, I mean, generally she was 
there. I mean there was, there was a time or 
two, I think, during the freshman year. She 
might have missed practice. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Was she one to repetitively miss practice? 
A. No, not unless there was some reason, I would 
assume. 
Q. I see you brought some documents with you 
today. Is that your stuff there? 
A. No. 
Q. Did you bring any documents with you 
' 1 
Page 11 
thing that I did with the players if it was possible and 
there was no other issues. Issues would be if the 
player was not going to school or they wore doing 
something they were not supposed to be, but they would 
normally get small increases as the school increased as 
well. 
Q. Did Jane Doe No.4 always get an increase 
from 2005 to 2009? 
A. I believe so. 
Q. Tell me when the season starts for the 
female soccer team at 
from =to 
A. The players report for pre-season generally in 
the middle of August. It changes from year to year 
depending on the NCA mandate for each year but it's 
generally about the middle of August. Could be a 
little first, first two weeks of August. 
Q. Okay. And from August until when? 
A. The season would conclude, usually the regular 
season concluded the end of October or the first week of 
November. And then if the team qualified for the 
conference tournament, there would be additional games. 
And if they qualified for the NCA tournament, which in 
this case we did not, that would be, it could 
potentially go all the way to December. But in this 
Patin 14 I 
SEW? 
A. No, I did not 
Q. Did you review anything before your 
deposition? 
A. !did not 
Q. Did you speak with anybody before your 
deposition about your deposition? 
A. I did not. My wife. Sony, my wife I spoke 
with. 
. 
Q. And did anybody from Ms. Arbour's office 
call you to discuss your deposition? 
A. No. 
Q. Okay. When was the last time you have 
been in contact with Jane Doe No. 4? 
A. Probably about a year ago. 
Q. Okay. And how did you come in contact 
with her at that time? 
A. She called me. It was actuall 
this time. I had already left 
last 
right about 
as of 
So, I 
finished what would have been Jane Doe No. 4's senior 
year, and they had their athletic banquet around this 
time for all the sports. She had called me with just 
and the banquet and she just wanted some advice. 
kind of a question. She had a conflict with her studies 
PROSE COURT REPORTING AGENCY, INC. 
(Pages 10 to 13) 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (601-051-976-2934) 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkIns (601-051-976-2934) 
ceal4d6c-3510-44)(1-842b-s3f2de0822ed 
EFTA00729388
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 14 
.Q. What advice? 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
THE WITNESS: She had some final or some 
work due for finals or research papers that she 
was under pressure to finish. And she didn't 
know if she could attend the banquet. She just 
didn't know what she should do. 1 was not 
involved in the banquet at the time, but 1 
guess she just called just to ask my thoughts 
on it. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Okay. Betwee 
actually let's take 
them year-by-year. Ii 
how many times would you 
see Jane Doe No. 4 during, for practice during the 
August and November practice season? 
A. When the players first report, when the 
team — well, when the team first reports for practice 
generally we would go twice a day because it's before 
school, before the season starts. So, for August it's 
usually about two teams a day. 
Q. For how many days? 
A. At least for the first seven to ten days. 
Q. Okay. 
A. Now, there might be and there certainly would 
be times where we went once a day. There are some times 
Page 
MS. ARBOUR: You're talking justIM? 
MR. PIKE: Yes. 
THE WITNESS: September it would be 
. 
either — because our games start usually by 
the end of August would be the games 
competition dates. So if we had a competition. 
7. 
we wouldn't have practice. So just to clarify, 
we might have three days of practice, two 
games, and then two days off. 
MR. PIKE: Okay. 
THE WITNESS: That was like 
it wouldn't 
be abnormal. 
BY MR. PIKE: • 
Q. Would that be the same for October and 
November? 
A. Correct November until the first or second 
week until the season concluded. 
Q. And those same questions that I just asked 
you and that you answered, would that also be the 
same for the years MM.
' 
A. More or less, yes. 
Q. Based upon. experience in coaching 
Jane Doe No. 4 in 
how would you describe her 
personality? 
A. I mean, she's, she's a good kid. She was 
' 1 
21. 
Page 15 
that we would have a day off. But without consulting 
the training calendar, I wouldn't know for sure which 
days those were. 
once school starts generally, 
which at
 was usually about the first week of 
September, give or take, although they did change 
. from that time, then generally we would train once a 
day. The NCA mandates that once you're in season in 
school, you have to have a day off. So, typically 
there is always one day off The other days would 
be training days or game days. 
Q. And when you say training days., I guess 
what I am trying to kind of narrow down is how many 
days would you, you know, give or take the days that 
you have off, see Jane Doe No. 4 for practice 
between August and November? 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
THE WITNESS: You're going to count half 
of August, September, October. I mean, 
possibly 60,70 days probably. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. How many days a week is practice in
August? 
A. Probably six. 
Q. Okay. Same question for September. 
a 
Page 17 
friendly and she took the coaching well. And she was 
friends with ha teammates and she worked hard 
Q. Do you recall how she did in school 
wise? 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
THE WITNESS: She did well. I think she 
had some terms where she did okay and some 
terms where she did wry well. 
BY MR. ME: 
Q.. What do you mean by okay? 
A. I only, I only I daft remember her 
specific G.P.A.'s but normally at the end of each term 
We always got a list of the players that got a 4.0 or 
3.5 or 3.0 or better and a lot of players were always at 
least a 3.5 or 3.0 or better. Sheaornetimes was in that 
list and sometimes she was below a 3.0. 1 don't 
remember which terms those were. T think she did better 
in her later seasons than her earlier seasons. 
Q. Was she always a varsity player? 
A. Yeah. There is no, that is no 
there is 
only one team at 
one intercollegiate team. There 
was no junior varsity team. 
Q. Was she a starting player? 
. 
A. She started most of I would say the majority 
of the time. 
• PROSE COURT REPORTING AGENCY,: INC. 
moaSfazakja•RaddifiXerla=“1,114
.m*Ze..-1.3 
(Pages 14 to 17) 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (601-051-976-2934) 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkIns (601-051-9764934) 
cea14d6c-3516-4ced-S42b-e312de0822ed 
EFTA00729389
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 18 
Q. And when you say that, do you mean from 
A. 
was, the seasons were-, 
11. 
the fall o
Q. U 
. 
A. There is a spring season but it's a different, 
kind of a different, a little bit of a different animal. 
It's a non-competitive season. 
Q. Between IIIIIIIIIII6 there ever a time 
that you coached Jane Doe No. 4 on the off-season? 
A. Well, like I said, we always had a spring 
season so typically in the in-state schools you have a 
competitive, which a competitive part of the season 
which soccer is the fall part. And then you have your 
non-competitive part where there is some different rules 
and regulations as to how often you can train, how much 
you can train, how many games you're allowed to play. 
So, the way we did it in the spring is 
typically the first month when the girls come back, 
we would do conditioning and weight training and you 
could do small group technical sessions. 
And then we would have a spring season. 
We would start around February 15th and go about the 
first week of April where we usually train three 
days a weelc. And we would have maybe a game on 
.
Page 20 
when she was, if — like most of the kids on 
the team,1 say most of the girls on the team, 
I think she worked hard because it VMS 
important to her, the soccer aspect was 
important to her. So, I always saw her as 
working hard. 
The school work was a little up and down 
for her but I think she improved that as it 
went along. As far as ambitious I think 
ambitious to be a good teammate and be a good 
person and be a good soccer player and being a 
good student; most of the time I would 
characterize that for her. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Was there ever 
• 
tin 'on saw Jar e 
Doe No. 4 unhappy in
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yeah. lean, lean, I 
can't — I am tying to remember a specific 
instance. I can remember a couple of instances 
where she seemed to be under pressure. I am 
just trying to think of the exact, the exact —
MR. PIKE: Take your time. 
THE WITNESS: 
dates. There was one 
incident I can actually remember it was 
Page 19 
weekends. And then once they were done in April, 
usually we let them just prepare for finals and that 
kind of thing. 
Q. You said Jane Doe No. 4 was friendly, she 
had, she was friendly with her teammates and that 
she was coachable. Did you notice whether or not 
Jane Doe No. 4 was a happy person? 
. 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Most of the time I thought 
she was a happy person. 
BY MR PIKE: 
Q. Did she ever confide in you about any. • 
personal matters? 
14. 
A. No. 
Q. Never? 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Not to my recollection. 
• BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Okay. Would you describe Jane Doe No. 4 
as a strong-willed person? 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
. MR. PIKE: Ambitious? 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
THE WITNESS: 'just — they are very 
wide-open questions. I think she worked hard 
Page 21 
probably during 2008 or 2009. It was kind of a 
freak thing. We were on a road trip and it was 
in the morning. We were staying in the Tampa 
area because we were playing one of the schools 
Tampa or St Leo, or probably one of those two 
schools because that would have been close by. 
We were staying at a Hampton Inn that we 
bad stayed at before. And our routine was we 
would have breakfast. We had a game probably 
at 4:00 or 5:00 that day. So we had breakfast. 
We had to check out of the hotel by 11:00. Our • 
game wasn't until 5. One of the teammates 
parents lived close by in Tampa, so we would 
basically go there and have lunch: 
So, we had kind of the house to hang out 
at before we went to the, go to the game. And 
there was — she had actually — something had 
happened with the lock in her bathroom and she 
got locked in the bathroom for about three 
hours. And the workers were there trying to 
figure out the lock. 
• 
They had to, they couldn't drill the lock 
out. They had to actually remove the door to 
get her out. So, she was really upset by it. 
I mean, I think I understand. And they were 
Mr.
PROSE COURT REPORTING. AGENCY, 
(Pages 18 to 21) 
INC.'
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (601-051-976-2934) 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (601-051-976-2934) 
eeall4d6c.-3510-4ad-842b431264822od 
EFTA00729390
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 2:: 
Page 24 
all apologetic. The hotel was apologetic. 
They comped the room. The lock mechanism had 
3. 
just jammed and no keys would — they actually 
had to take the hinges off the doors 
as 
upset abouttliii that was I 
• 
probably. Y 
BY MR. PUCE: 
Q. And you said there was one other instance. 
A. There was probably one or two other instances 
in five and/or six. 
Q. 
A. Yes. The fall 
where she 
had — I think she had some personal matters going on 
and she seemed to be under pressure I think. And this 
is not unusual in terms of when people are having 
troubles with different parts of their life. The soccer 
for them becomes an outlet and that's just how things 
are for different people. 
So, think that she — and I am just 
probably guessing here, but I think the soccer 
helped her because it took her mind off whatever, at 
least temporarily, off whatever was going on. There 
was a time she had her family, she had to miss 
practice and it was for family matters. And then I 
know in the 
actually had to miss a couple games 
to you between 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
THE WITNESS: No. 
. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Was she upbeat between 
MS. ARBOUR Form. 
THE WITNESS: I mean, upbeat., I mean I 
think she had a — she's a logical person in 
terms — so that's, certainly, most of what I 
remember. But was she like that every day, 
every minute? I mean, no. No one is like that 
all the time. 
MR. PIKE: Understood. Understood. I am 
not asking for all the time. I am asking for, 
you being her coach, I was, I was a wrestler 
and I wrestled and I wrestled five days a week, 
three hours a day and I got to know my coach 
very well. 
So, these questions are, you know, related 
to your general understanding and your general 
perception as a coach for that time period 
relative to this. I am not asking for 
anything, someone who is always up-beat. I 
understand. 
But separate and apart from that, did you 
Page 23 
because there was a family issue and I didn't delve 
into the issue. I mean, I trusted that it was a, 
that she was, it was a family matter that she was 
dealing with. 
Q. Asa player would she be required to fill 
out a request for excuse, for excusal from any 
practice or game? 
A. No. I mean those would just be done on a, on 
an individual basis with any player. 
Q Face-to-face with you being the catch? 
A. Correct 
Q. Would you take down any records for the 
NCAA in that regard? 
A. NCA, no. 
Q. So, the procedure would be just a common 
procedure. If a player was having a personal issue 
they would come to you and say, coach, I am not 
• 
going to be able to be here; l have a family issue. 
I don't want to delve into it, but that's what it 
is. 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
THE WITNESS: I don't know if I would put 
it exactly that way but that's the gist. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Has Jane Doe No. 4 ever seemed depressed 
1. 
' 
Page 25 
ever see any personality changes in Jane Doe 
No. 4 &DM WM. 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Nothing, nothing, nothing in 
terms of, nothing drastic. As there are times 
that you can recall players maybe having a bad 
day or just there are other things on their 
mind, sure. But as far as a drastic 
personality change, no. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Did Jane Doe No. 4 exhibit any behavioral 
or health issues to your knowledge between '05 and 
'08? 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Nothing. I think that was 
outside the context of playing like an injury. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Do you know anything about Jane Doe No. 4 
health? And when I say health I mean mental health? 
MS. ARBOUR: At any time? 
MR. PIKE: Between la 
THE WITNESS: Do I know anything? 
MR. PIKE: Yeah. 
THE WITNESS: Yeah. 
PROSE COURT REPORTING AGENCY, 
(Pages 22 to 25) 
INC. 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (601-051-976-2934) 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (601-051-9764934) 
coal 4d6c-3516.4ced.842b-e3t2cle0822ed 
EFTA00729391
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 26 
Page 28 
BY MR. PIKE: 
3. 
Epstein prior to today? 
Q. Do you know whether Of not Jane Doe No. 4 
A. Yes. 
was seeing a psychologist, psychiatrist or social 
Q. How have you heard that name? 
worker or any cotunelor between 
A. It's in the papers. 
MS. ARBOUR.: Form. 
Okay. And what have you read? 
. 
THE WITNESS: I do not recall that, no. 
A. That he is a wealthy guy that's got in trouble 
BY MR. PIKE: 
for some stuff he should not be doing. Something about 
Okay. Do you know whether or not Jane Doe 
paying girls for massages. 
No. 4 had any problems with drugs or alcohol between 
Q. Did you ever come to learn that Jane Doe 
'05 and '08? 
No. 4 flied a lawsuit against Jeffrey Epstein? 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
A. No. 
THE WITNESS: No. 
Q. So, when you were reading those articles 
you had no idea that Jane Doe No. 4 filed a lawsuit 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Do you know where Jane Doe No. 4 worked at 
against Mr. Epstein? 
anyplace of employment between an? 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
MS. ARBOUR: Form 
THE WITNESS: No. 
THE WITNESS: No. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. But for my having told you that today, 
Q. You have no idea where she was employed 
have you ever heard of lane Doe No. 4 being involved 
during those years? 
with a gentleman by the name ofJeffrey Epstein? 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. Asked and answered. 
A. No. 
MR. PIKE: You can answer. 
Q. Based upon your interactions with Jane Doe 
THE WITNESS: I don't think, !mean I 
No. 4 between '05 and '08, would you describe her as 
didn't necessarily know where they worked. I 
angry, bitter, disliking herself or depressed? 
am trying to think if I recall if she did work. 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
Page 27 
Page 29 
I mean, it's not a question that I would 
THE WITNESS: No. 
normally know because if it didn't conflict 
BY MR. PIKE: 
with ha studios or her school or her soccer, 
Q. Are you familiar with any medical history 
then it wouldn't be something that would 
relative to Jane Doe No. 4? 
normally come up. Wait. She did work at Pine 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
Tree Camps one summer. 
MR. PIKE: Well, do you want me to go into 
BY MR. PIKE: 
it? 
Q. And is that a soccer camp? 
MS. ARBOUR: Well, you already asked him. 
A. Well, 
has a summer camp that 
MR. PIKE: If you withdraw the form, I am 
they, that it's kind of auxiliary for the school for 
going to let him ask I am trying to be nice 
most of the younger kids. So, it's not a soccer camp 
here. 
it's just a camp. So, she worked as a counselor there. 
MS. ARBOUR: Okay. I appreciate that. 1 
Certainly, I think between either before the season so 
noticed. 
it would have been the summer of 2008, 2007 and/or 2008. 14 
MR. PIKE: I am going to ask the question 
I can't recall for sure if it was both or just one. 
one more time. 
. 
Q. Do you know whether or not Jane Doe Na 4 
16.
THE WITNESS: 'have a comment. Cm ahead. 
had a boyfriend named Illia
,
This is before that. Can I go back? 
A. No. 
MR. PIKE: Sure. 
Q. Had you ever met any of Jane Doe No. 4's 
THE WITNESS: Only because I am thinking 
boyfriends between illEallia 
about the relationship with Epstein. 
A. No. 
MR. PIKE: Understood. 
Q. Have you ever met any of Jane Doe No. 4's 
TIE WITNESS: 
o miss a game 
boyfriends at any time that you're aware of? 
because of a family matter in Al
t 
and it was a 
A. No. 
legal issue that she said it was a family 
Q. Have you over heard the name Jeffrey 
issue, a legal issue. So, I asked her for the 
(Pages 26 to 29) 
PROSE COURT REPORTING AGENCY, INC. 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (601-051-976-2934) 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (801-051-97(4-2934) 
ceatild6c-3516-4catl-842b-e3f2da0822ed 
EFTA00729392
--- PAGE 8 ---
Page 30 
paper just so I had something and she handed me 
a sheet of paper that had like a case on it. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Do you remember what it said? 
A. It was a — it WaS a, it wasn't like a — it 
wasn't like a subpoena. Was it a subpoena? I just 
remember. I remember it was a legal issue. Her name 
was on it. There was a few other names as Defendants. 
So I took it as legitimate. It was Palm Beach, 
whatever. And I just, you 'mow, so that was kind of I 
wanted to make sure that there was — you asked about 
permission so we didn't do a permission slip. 
Q. Understood. 
A. If you were going to miss for a reason and 
this was something that I could file, I wasn't going to 
question it any further. 
Q. To your recollection was her name on that 
paper as a Defendant? 
A. No. It wasn't a Defendant. It wasn't as a 
Defendant, but I am trying to remember if it was, if the 
name Epstein was on the paper. 
Q. As you sit here today do you recall 
whether or not Epstein's name was on that paper? 
A I don't loww. It may have beat. 
Q. Do you know for certain? 
=MP 
Page 32 
A. No. 
Q. Okay. Did Jane Doe No. 4 
• he 
soccer team for any reason during 
? 
A. No. 
Q. Okay. Was she a committed player to the 
and to her teammates between.. and 
MS. ARBOUR: Fonn. 
THE WITNESS: I think so, yes. 
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Did it ever seem like school and sports 
were too much for Jane Doe No.4 to handle in 
tandem? 
MS. ARBOUR: Form. 
THE WITNESS: I don't think so. I only 
would just refer--
BY MR. PIKE: 
Q. Let me rephrase the question. Based upon 
your experience and involvement with Jane Doe No. 4 
as her coach between '05 and '08, did it ever seem 
to you that school and sports were too much for Jane 
Doe No. 4 to handle in tandem? 
A. No. 
MR. PIKE: I have no further questions. 
Page 31 
A. I don't remember. 
Q. So, as you sit here today you don't 
recall? 
A. I guess that's the safest. That's the safest 
answer, yes. 
Q. Okay. Did Jane Doe No. 4 ever dieross her 
medical history with you in any context? 
A. Not that I recall. 
Q. Okay. Did Jane Doe No. 4 ever have to 
fill out any papers for 
relative to 
her position as a soccer player delineating her 
medical history to your knowledge? 
A. When the players enter for the fist time 
before their fieshtnan year, they have to do a bunch of 
forms that go to ow athletic trainer that include a 
physical and a participation medical history farm. So, 
our athletic training staff at M, athletic training 
staff gets those forms. 
Q. Did Jane Doe No. 4 ever have to be excused 
from practice for any sort of surgical procedure, if 
you recall? I don't want you to guess. 
A. I don't recall. If then is something 
specific, lean% I moan, fatal recall. 
Q. Are you aware of any surgical procedures 
that Jane Doe No.4 underwent betw en the rots • 
Page 33 
MS. ARBOUR: Okay. I just have a couple 
quick ones. 
MIL PIKE: She's quick. 
MS. ARBOUR: And I talk fast 
CROSS (ROCKY ORBZZOLI) 
BY MS. ARBOUR: 
Q. Okay. Outside of soccer practice and 
soccer games, how often did you interact with Jane 
Doe No. 4 between 
A. Not that much. In the recruiting process 
which would be during, would be.during the junior and 
senior year, you do have probably interaction whore you 
call them once a week. It's kind of hike a check-in, 
call kind of stuff. Once in school, after preseason you 
see them all the time, I feel like, because they are the 
only ones on campus. But aside from maybe individual 
meetings that might take place once in the fall and once 
in the spring and just occasionally seeing them on 
campus, you know, not, not that often at a practice. 
Sometimes but not, not that often. 
Q. Okay. So, outside of soccer would it be 
fair to say you didn't have a social relationship 
with Jane Doe No. 4? 
A. That's fair. 
Q. Okay. naIwta 
seasons 
PROSE COURT REPORTING AGENCY, INC. 
(Pages 30 to 33) 
Electronically signed by cynthia hook ins (601-051-976-2934) 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkIns (601-051.976-2934) 
cea14d6c-3516-4ced-842b-e3f2de0822od 
EFTA00729393
--- PAGE 9 ---
Page 34 
what were the consequences, if any, for missing • 
practice repeatedly? 
A. Well, 1 mean, if you missed an unexcused 
practice, I mean 1 guess if you miss repeatedly, the end 
result would be removal from the team and tosser 
scholarship. 
Q. Okay. 
A I guess if that's — obviously, there would be 
kind of steps to get to that point, but that would be 
the end result. 
Q. Okay. So, if there was a pattern of 
missing practices, there would be consequences for 
that? 
A. Yeah, absolutely. 
Q. Okay. Did someone tell you before today 
that you were here to give a deposition of Jane Doe 
No. 4? 
A. Yes, the --
Q. Paralegal? 
A. No. The thing that I had had her name on it, 
so I could only assume that. And then when I spoke to 
Jessica, she only explained that because it just said 
Jane Doe No. 4 versus John Doe or something like that. 
So, so, she just explained that they were representing 
the Defendant and they wanted the deposition. 
Page 36 
MIL PIKE: FORM 
THE WITNESS: I guess, 
BY MS. ARBOUR: 
Q. The family matt= that Jane Doe No. 4 
missed practice for ina— you said she missed a 
practice and a couple of games; is that right? 
A. Yeah. 
she missed her — I only  I ober 
that because it was actually a trip where we were away. 
So, it was the opening games of owl
iteason. We 
were flying to Charlotte and she had this court date was 
on the Friday, and I think we were leaving Wednesday or 
Thursday. 
So, she couldn't goon the trip which is a 
pretty big deal that you can't go on the trip. So 
that's why I asked for the, just the sheet of paper. 
And you know, once I saw it, 1 just said okay. And 
that was after the fact actually. 
Q. Do you recall if that paper referred to a 
federal grand jury? 
A. 1 don't recall. 
Q. Okay. The family matters that she missy, 
a practice for as well, did you ever inquire what 
that was about? 
A. Later in 
Q. Yes. 
Page 35 
And there is a contact between to — 
because there was a -- originally they thought I 
lived in Brovrard County. So, it was originally 
going to be down there, and it had to be changed. 
So all I knew was basically that obviously I would 
be talking about Jane Doe No. 4 because that was the 
only person I knew on the list. 
Q. Okay. And was that conversation you said 
Jessica, was that Jessica Cadwell here at Mr. Pike's 
office? 
A. Yes, I'm sorry. 
Q. Yoh said Jane Doc No. 4's name was on the 
subpoena that you received? 
A. Yes. 
Q. And did anyone from Mr. Pike's office tell 
you who the Defendant was? 
A. No. 
Q. Okay. Is today the first day that there 
is any suggestion that Jane Doe No. 4 is suing 
Jeffrey Epstein? 
A. Yes. 
Q. Okay. Is today the first suggestion 
that's been made to you that Jane Doe No. 4 was, I 
think Mr. Pikes words were involved with Jeffrey 
Epstein? 
Page 37 
A. Later in =I 
did not inquire. Well,1 mean 
I inquired to the point where, you know, if she needed 
to tell me something or if she needed help with anything 
that she just said it was a personal family matter and I 
didn't press it any further. 
MS. ARBOUR: Okay. That's all I have. 
.7 
KR. PIKE: I will order. 
MS. ARBOUR: Do you want to explain read 
or waive to him? 
MR. PIKE: You have an opportunity to read 
your deposition or waive your deposition. What 
that means is you can read it. The eclat 
reporter will send it to you and if you feel 
like you have been, if you feel like you need 
to make any corrections to the deposition. 
There is an errata sheet provided on the back. 
Ifs just a blank sheet with lines through 
it, and you can correct your deposition or you 
can waive that right today if everything you 
feel was honest here today that you don't need 
to make any corrections you can waive that 
right and the deposition will be transcribed 
and produced based on your spoken word here 
today. 
TIIE WITNESS: I think, I think we're good. 
••••••14-, • 
I 
(Pages 34 to 37) 
PROSE COURT REPORTING AGENCY, INC. 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (601-051-976-2934) 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (601.051-976-2934( 
coa14d6c-3516 4cod 842b cat2de0822ed 
EFTA00729394
--- PAGE 10 ---
Page 38 
MS. ARBOUR: You will waive? 
ME WITNESS: I will waive. 
MS. ARBOUR: Okay. I will just a take a 
mini or an electronic. 
(Witness excused.) 
(Deposition was concluded.) 
CERTIFICATE 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF PA114 BEACH 
I, Ofielhis llopacin Rosin Pm(essissi 
Repotter.flexida Profeetimul Reporter, end Noisy 
Fa in affix the Suit of Florida at Lame, dn 
barby unify that the aforemasioned witness was 
by me tins duly sawn lo testify die whole UM: 
that I van authoeseml wand did (rpm said 
641420linn m stenot)Fc and that the foresonsg 
pants minimise ed Ito 40, 
•15 a hue and 
correct tratteriscim of my shentamd notes of said 
dmk 
• 
I far rattly Clot said &position was 
talus a the time and rim ~Ism 
set kith 
and that the taking of stet deposition was commenced 
and completed at lestoinehow set out. 
I timber ecnify that 1 am not ancency 
or monad elms of the pan inh nor an I te 
retain: ce employee of any anesney cc counsel of 
party contested with the action. ore or 1 
entoretted e its *ton. 
ibe foregoing: certification of lien tentmenpl 
does not assly to any it:prods:lion of this son e by 
any mews ankra wake the direct cannot and/or 
directima of the cenifyinc repartee. 
Dated this 12th My of /day, 2010. 
Sd
kilt) AS 
Ojendeis Hans, RPR TER 
kb 01939 
Page 40 
Cynthia Hopkins, RPR, FPR 
Notary Public - State of Florida 
My Commission Expires: February 25, 2011 
My Commission No.: DD 643788 
Job /1939 
Page 39 
CERTIFICATE OF OATH 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH 
I, the undersigned authority, certify that 
ROCKY OREZZOLIpersonally appeared before me 
and was duly sworn. 
Dated this 12th day of May, 2010. 
ereuts 4muAs 
e•h•C-
-f5-+ 
,Fe-n»t4~ 
j 
(Pages 38 to 40) 
PROSE COURT REPORTING 'AGENCY, INC. 
. 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (601-051-976-2934) 
Electronically signed by cynthia hopkins (601-051-9762934) 
COalrldec-3516-4ced-842b-e312de0822ed 
EFTA00729395

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729396.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cr-80015-KAM Document 20 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2010 Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 10-80015-CR-Marra/Hopkins 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
Al.FREDO RODRIGIIF.Z, 
Defendant, 
FILED by 
D C 
FEB 0 1 2010 
STEVEN M. LARIPAIRE 
CI LIM U.B. DIST. CT. 
S.D. DI PTA . W.P.B. 
STANDING DISCOVERY ORDER 
The above-named defendant(s) having been arraigned this date in open Court, it is 
thereupon 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED that on or before fourteen (14) days from the date of this 
Order, the parties shall confer and the following shall be accomplished: 
A. 
The Government shall permit the defendant(s) to inspect and copy the following items or 
copies thereof, or supply copies thereof, which arc within the possession, custody or 
control of the Government, the existence of which is known or by the exercise of due 
diligence may become known to the Government: 
1. 
Written or recorded statements made by the defendant(s). 
2. 
The substance of any oral statement made by the defendant(s) before or after 
his/her/their arrest(s) in response to interrogation by a then known-to-he 
Government agent which the Government intends to offer in evidence at trial. 
3. 
Recorded grand jury testimony of the defendant(s) relating to the offenses 
charged. 
4. 
The defendant's(s') arrest(s) and conviction record(s). 
5. 
Books, papers, documents, photographs, tangible objects, buildings or places, or 
copies or portions thereof, which are material to the preparation of the defendant's 
defense, or which the Government intends to use as evidence at trial to prove its 
case in chief, or were obtained from or belonging to the defendant(s). 
6. 
Results or reports of physical or mental examinations, and of scientific tests or 
experiments, made in connection with this case. 
EFTA00729396
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:10-cr-80015-KAM Document 20 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2010 Page 2 of 4 
B. 
The defendant(s) shall permit the Government to inspect and copy the following items, or 
copies thereof, or supply copies thereof, which are within the possession, custody or 
control of the defendant(s), the existence of which is known or by the exercise of due 
diligence may become known to the defendant(s). 
1. 
Books, papers, documents, photographs or tangible objects which the defendant(s) 
intend(s) to introduce as evidence in chief at trial. 
2. 
Any results or reports of physical or mental examinations and of scientific tests or 
experiments made in connection with this case which the defendant(s) intend(s) to 
introduce as evidence in chief at trial, or which were prepared by a defense 
witness who will testify concerning the contents thereof. 
3. 
If a defendant intends to rely upon the defense of insanity at the time of the 
alleged crime, or intends to introduce expert testimony relating to a mental 
disease, defect or other condition bearing upon the issue of whether he had the 
mental state required for the offense charged, he shall give written notice thereof 
to the government. 
C. 
The Government shall reveal to the defendant(s) and permit inspection and copying of all 
information and material known to the Government which may be favorable to the 
defendant on the issues of guilt or punishment within the scope of Brady v. Maryland 
373 U.S. 83 (1963), and United States v. Agurs, 427 U.S. 97 (1976). 
The Government shall disclose to the defendant(s) the existence and substance of any 
payments, promises of immunity, leniency, preferential treatment, or other inducements 
made to prospective Government witnesses, within the scope of Giglio vs. United States, 
405 U.S. 150 (1972), and Napuc vs. Illinois, 360 U.S. 264 (1959). 
E. 
The Government shall supply the dcfcndant(s) with a record of prior convictions of any 
alleged informant who will testify for the Government at trial. 
F. 
The Government shall state whether defendant(s) was/were identified in any lineup, show 
up, photo spread or similar identification proceeding, and produce any pictures utilized or 
resulting therefrom. 
G. 
The Government shall advise its agents and officers involved in this case to preserve all 
rough notes. 
H. 
'I'hc Government shall advise the defendant(s) of its intention to introduce extrinsic act 
evidence pursuant to Rule 404(b), Federal Rules of Evidence. The Government shall 
EFTA00729397
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:10-cr-80015-KAM Document 20 
Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2010 Page 3 of 4 
provide notice regardless of how it intends to use the extrinsic act evidence at trial, i.c. 
during its case-in-chief, for impeachment, or for possible rebuttal. Furthermore, the 
Government shall apprise the defense of the general nature of the evidence of the 
extrinsic acts. 
I. 
The Government shall state whether the defendant(s) was/were an aggrieved person(s), as 
defined in Title 18 United States Code Section 2510(11), of any electronic surveillance, 
and if so, shall set forth in detail the circumstances thereof. 
J. 
Thc Government shall have transcribed the grand jury testimony of all witnesses who will 
testify for the Government at the trial of this cause, preparatory to a timely motion for 
discovery. 
K. 
The Government shall, upon request, deliver to any chemist selected by the defense, who 
is presently registered with the Attorney General in compliance with 21 U.S.C. Section 
822 and Section 823, and 21 C.F.R. Section 101.22(8), a sufficient representative sample 
of any alleged contraband which is the subject of this indictment, to allow independent 
chemical analysis of such sample. 
L. 
The Government shall permit the defendant(s), his/her/their counsel and any experts 
selected by the defense to inspect any vehicle, vessel, or aircraft allegedly utilized in the 
commission of any offenses charged. Government counsel shall, if necessary, assist 
defense counsel in arranging 
custody of the thing to be inspected that such inspection has been ordered by the Court. 
M. 
The Government shall provide the defense, for independent expert examination, copies of 
all latent fingerprints or palm prints which have been identified by a Government expert 
as those of the defendant(s). 
N. 
Thc Government shall, upon request of the defendant, disclose to the defendant a written 
summary of testimony the Government reasonably expects to offer at trial under Rules 
702, 703, or 705 of the Federal Rules of Evidence. This summary must describe the 
witnesses' opinions, the bases and the reasons therefor, and the witnesses' qualifications. 
If the defendant seeks and obtains discovery under this paragraph, the defendant shall, 
upon request by the government, disclose to the Government a written summary of 
testimony the defendant reasonably expects to offer at trial under Rules 702, 703, or 705 
of the Federal Rules of Evidence, describing the witnesses' opinions, the bases and the 
reasons therefor, and the witnesses' qualifications. 
EFTA00729398
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:10-cr-80015-KAM Document 20 
Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2010 Page 4 of 4 
O. 
The parties shall make every possible effort in good faith to stipulate to all facts or points 
of law the truth and existence of which is not contested and the early resolution of which 
will expedite the trial. 
P. 
The panics shall collaborate in preparation of a written statement to be signed by counsel 
for each side, generally describing all discovery material exchanged, and setting forth all 
stipulations entered into at the conference. No stipulations made by defense counsel at 
the conference shall he used against the defendant(s) unless the stipulations are reduced to 
writing and signed by the defendant(s) and his/her/their counsel. This statement, 
including any stipulations signed by the defendant(s) and his/her/their counsel, shall be 
filed with the Court within five (5) days following the conference. 
Q. 
Timing of all discovery shall be governed by the provisions set forth in Paragraph Q of 
Local Rule 88.10. 
It shall be the continuing duty of counsel for both sides to immediately reveal to opposing 
counsel all newly discovered information or other material within the scope of this Standing 
Order. 
Upon a sufficient showing, the Court may at any time, upon motion properly filed, order 
that the discovery or inspection provided for by this Standing Order be denied, restricted or 
deferred, or make such other order as is appropriate. It is expected by the Court, however, that 
counsel for both sides shall make every good faith effort to comply with the letter and spirit of 
this Standing Order. 
All motions concerning matters not covered by this Standing Order must be filed pursuant 
to Local Rule 88.9 within twenty-eight (28) days of this Order. 
DONE and ORDERED at West Palm Beac 
FL this iL day of F4bruaty, 2010. 
VITUNAC 
U.S. MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
EFTA00729399

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729400.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cr-80015-KAM Document 18 
Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2010 Page 1 of 1 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No.: 10 — 200
S.- Cr2-1-tAVr2AII-loF141P5 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
it‘c 
eepo eoblat‘GUEZ-
Defendant. 
ARRAIGNMENT INFORMATION SHUT 
FEB 0 1 2010 
STEVEN M. LARIMORE 
CLERK 0.5 mt. CT. 
S.D. Of ILA. WPM. 
The above-named Defends t appeared before U.S. Magistrate Judge 
ANN R. VITUNAC  on 02 la am 
 when the Defendant was 
arraigned and a plea of not guilty was entered. Defendant and court-
appointed/vas-4 =10d counsel of record will be gticed for trial by the 
District Judae asaiaued to this case. 
The following information is 
current as of this date: 
Defendant: 
Jail No.: 
Language: .
.1%.3G LASH 
Address: 
Tel. No: 
Defense Counsel: 
Name 
: 
V 
LEE BIZANA.K51•4  A Feb 
Address: 
 450 AU 
.(41 Ave. S 9SW-re 90e 
U3 PST PACP1 SPEACH I R331+0 1 
Tel. No: 
Bond-Sat/Continued: 
$ 
-n 
Dated this 
617 day of 1;;t52-tild2A/, 2010. 
BY
1E
yEN M. LARIMORE, CLERK 
dbl:Lida 
Deputy Clerk 
EFTA00729400

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729401.pdf
----------------------------------------
CHICAGO 
C-7 
AMER CA'S FINEST COMPACT FLATWORK FIN SHER 
Oversized 14" Heated Roll 
-36 FPM Speed Range 
Chicago Quality 
LARGEST IN ITS CLASS 
FASTEST IN ITS CLASS 
FINEST IN ITS CLASS 
• Dries and neafly presses linen taken directly from washer/extractor 
• Ideal for hotel, restaurant, banquet, or commercial facilities 
• Produces high quality finish on all-cotton, blended, or VISA r fabrics 
• Extra wide speed range for high production flexibility 
• Heat-Lock system for energy efficiency and operator comfort 
• Feather touch speed control easily adjusts to any fabric 
• Streamlined design saves valuable floorspace 
• Available in gas, steam, or electrically heated models 
• Designed and built for lasting quality by CHICAGO - the same 
name that laundry operators have trusted for over 400 years 
In a 
CHICAGO DRYER COMPANY 
2200 Notti Ric& Rood. °toga Brod cOe'30. toll/Coon) 07312X-40C Tea."( (773)735-4430 
EFTA00729401

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729402.pdf
----------------------------------------
PEPON1 HOTEL, LAMU 
P.O Box 24 Lamu 80500 Ken a 
Tel: 
Fax: 254 (0)42 4633029. Mobile: 
E-mail: 
Web page: www.peponi-lamu.com 
TARIFF VALID FROM 1ST DEC 2007 UNTIL 30th NOV 2010 
Apply per Room, Not per person 
Airport transfers By Boat Are Included 
FB= Full Board 
BB= Bed and Breakfast 
(WE DO NOT DO HALF BOARD) 
SUPERIOR ROOMS 
EUROS E 
Double F/B 
360 
Double B/B 
260 
Single F/B 
250 
Single B/B 
200 
EXTRA BED F/B 
1-3 yrs 
4-10 yrs 
& over 
110 
EXTRA BED B/B 
1-3 yrs 
4-10 yrs 
& over 
STANDARD ROOMS 
Double F/B 
300 
Double B/B 
200 
Single F/B 
215 
Single B/B 
165 
EXTRA BED FIB 
1-3 yrs 
4-10 yrs 
& over 
EXTRA BED BIB 
1-3 yrs 
4-10 yrs 
& over 
All prices quoted include service charge, VAT, Training levy and boat transfer. 
All rooms are sea facing with private shower and verandah. The hotel is closed May and June. 
Cancellations will be charged as stipulated by Kenya Association of Hotelkeepers. This tariff 
cancels any previous issue and is subject to alteration without notice. 
EFTA00729402

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729403.pdf
----------------------------------------
A O E LTD. / ART OF EATING 
PASSED HORS D' OEUVRE: 
PROVIDED BY CLIENT 
PLATED DINNER: 
APPETIZER : 
▪ 
PLEASE CHOOSE ONE 
• Salad of Local Asparagus with Mushrooms, Soy Vinaigrette and Drizzle of Hollandaise on Green Thumb 
Gathered Greens 
Note — This could also be served family style — It looks amazing 
or 
• Local Asparagus Vinaigrette with Black Pepper Zabaglione 
or 
• Spring Caprese Salad — Roasted Cutchogue Tomatoes with Fresh Mozzarella. Pesto and a Garnish of Pinc 
Nuts and Basil Leaves 
ON TABLES: 
• 
Baskets of Crusty Breads and Flatbreads 
• 
Cruets of Basil Oil 
ENTREE: 
PLEASE NOTE-THIS CHICKEN WILL NOT BE DRY - IT IS THE BEST CHICKEN WE CAN BUY-IT IS BRINED 
TO RETAIN MOISTURE AND COOKED CAREFULLY ON SITE 
• 
PLEASE CHOOSE ONE 
• Grilled "Raised Right" Chicken with Citrus and Herb Fritto Misto "Splash" 
Chicken is garnished with Splash of Tempured Herbs and Thinly Sliced Lemon Wheels and Finished with a 
Dollop of Orange Olive Tapenade 
— Served with Gnocchi Tossed in Browned Butter 
— And Sauté of Baby Carrots 
• Braised "Raised Right" Chicken with Figs and Sweet Onions 
—Served with Orzo Studded with Pine Nuts 
—And Green Bean Sauté 
or 
• Grilled "Raised Right" Chicken with Preserved Lemon and Grilled Artichoke Hearts 
—Served with Herbed Soft Polenta 
—And Green Bean Sauté 
Note — If Tomato Appetizer is Chosen we can substitute asparagus for any vegetable 
or 
• Grilled Salmon with Favetta, (a course fava bean puree) Radishes and Lemon Celery Citronetta 
— Served with Tiny Roast Potatoes 
Note- There will be 30 Vegetarian Options Available — Silent Option 
DESSERT: 
• 
Provided by Client and Plated By Art of Eating Staff 
▪ 
Freshly Ground Special Blend Coffee, Swiss Water Decaf, Teas, and Herbal Teas 
Copyright AOE Ltd. 2009 
All Rights Reserved 
DPiPlated 3/Ross School 
EFTA00729403

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729404.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN 
THE 
CIRCUIT 
COURT 
OF 
THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR 
PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Complex Litigation, Fla. R. Civ. Pro. 1.201 
CASE NO. 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
M., individually, 
Defendants. 
2009 CA 0 b 0 3 MOUE 
4)
COPY 
RECEIVED FOR HUNG 
DEC u ( 2008 
sriesnoN Ii poCK 
COMPLAINT 
pLefitt Elk COMPTRQw-liti 
CIRCUIT CIVIL olvisiON 
Plaintiff, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, (hereinafter "EPSTEIN"), by and through his 
undersigned attorneys, files this action against Defendants, SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, 
individually, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and E., individually. Accordingly, 
EPSTEIN states: 
SUMMARY OF ACTION 
Attorney Scott Rothstein aided by other lawyers and employees at the firm 
of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt, and Adler, P.A. for personal greed and enrichment, in betrayal 
of the ethical, legal and fiduciary duties to their own clients and professional obligations 
to the administration of justice, deliberately engaged in a pattern of racketeering that 
involved a staggering series of gravely serious obstructions of justice, actionable frauds, 
and the orchestration and conducting of egregious civil litigation abuses that resulted in 
profoundly serious injury to Jeffrey Epstein one of several targets of their misconduct 
EFTA00729404
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 2 
and others. Rothstein and RRA's fraud had no boundary; Rothstein and his co-
conspirators forged Federal court orders and opinions. Amongst the violations of law 
that are the subject of this lawsuit are the marketing of non-existent Epstein settlements 
and the sanctioning of a series of depositions that were unrelated to any principled 
litigation purpose but instead designed to discover extraneous private information about 
Epstein or his personal and business associates (including well-known public figures) in 
order to defraud investors and support extortionate demands for payment from Epstein. 
The misconduct featured the filing of legal motions and the pursuit of a civil litigation 
strategy that was unrelated to the merits or value of their clients' cases and, instead, 
had as its improper purpose the furthering of Rothstein's misrepresentations and deceit 
to third party investors. As a result, Epstein was subject to abusive investigatory tactics, 
unprincipled media attacks, and unsupportable legal filings. This lawsuit is filed and will 
be vigorously pursued against all these defendants. The Rothstein racketeering 
enterprise endeavored to compromise the core values of both state and federal justice 
systems in South Florida and to vindicate the hardworking and honest lawyers and their 
clients who were adversely affected by the misconduct that is the subject of this 
Complaint. 
Plaintiff reserves the right to add additional defendants — co-conspirators as the 
facts and evidence is developed. 
GENERAL ALLEGATONS 
1. This is an action for damages in excess of $15,000.00, exclusive costs, interest, 
and attorneys' fees. 
EFTA00729405
--- PAGE 3 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 3 
2. Plaintiff, EPSTEIN, is an adult and currently is residing and works in Palm Beach 
County, Florida. 
3. Defendant, SCOTT ROTHSTEIN ("ROTHSTEIN"), is an individual residing in 
Broward County, Florida, and was licensed to practice law in the State of Florida. In 
November 2009, ROTHSTEIN voluntarily relinquished his law license in the midst of the 
implosion of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt and Adler, P.A. ("RRA"). He was disbarred by the 
Florida Supreme Court on November 20, 2009. On December 1, 2009, ROTHSTEIN 
was arrested and arraigned in Federal Court in Broward County, Florida. 
4. At all times relevant hereto, ROTHSTEIN was the managing partner and CEO of 
RRA. 
5. Defendant, ROTHSTEIN and Stuart Rosenfeldt, are and were the principal 
owners of equity in RRA and each co-founded RRA. 
6. Defendant, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS ("EDWARDS"), is an individual residing in 
Broward County, Florida and is licensed to practice law in the State of Florida. At all 
times relevant hereto, EDWARDS was an employee, agent, associate, partner, 
shareholder, and/or other representative of RRA. 
7. Defendant, M. ("M."), is an individual residing in Palm Beach County, Florida. 
At all times relevant hereto, M. was represented by RRA, ROTHSTEIN and 
EDWARDS in a civil lawsuit against Epstein and was an essential participant in the 
scheme referenced infra by, among other things, substantially changing prior sworn 
testimony, so as to assist the Defendants in promoting their fraudulent scheme for the 
EFTA00729406
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 4 
promise of a multi-million dollar recovery relative to the Civil Actions (defined below) 
involving Epstein, which was completely out of proportion to her alleged damages. 
8. Non-party, RRA is a Florida Professional Service Corporation, with a principal 
address of 401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33401. In addition 
to its principal office, RRA also maintained seven offices in Florida, New York, and 
Venezuela, and employed over 70 attorneys and 200 support staff. RRA also maintains 
an office at 1109 NE 2d Street, Hallendale Beach, Florida 33009-8515. RRA, through 
its attorneys, including those named as Defendants herein, conducted business 
throughout Florida, and relevant to this action, conducted business and filed lawsuits on 
behalf of clients in Palm Beach County, Florida. 
(RRA is currently a debtor in 
bankruptcy. RRA is not named as a Defendant). 
FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS 
9. The United States in United States of America v. Scott W. Rothstein, Case No. 
09-60331CR-Cohn, United States District Court, Southern District of Florida, has 
brought an action for Racketeering Conspiracy, 18 U.S.C. § 1962(d) against Scott W. 
Rothstein who was the chief executive officer and chairman of RRA. Within the 
information which was filed, the United States of America has identified the enterprise 
as being the law firm, RRA, through which Rothstein in conjunction with "his co-
conspirators" (not yet identified by the USA) engaged in the pattern of racketeering 
through its base of operation at the offices of RRA from sometime in 2005 up through 
and continuing into November of 2009. Through various criminal activities, including 
mail fraud, wire fraud and money laundering, the United States of America asserts that 
EFTA00729407
--- PAGE 5 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 5 
Rothstein and his co-conspirators unlawfully obtained approximately $1.2 billion from 
investors by fraud in connection with a Ponzi scheme. The USA further alleges that 
"Rothstein and co-conspirators initiated the criminal conduct alleged in the instant 
Information in order to personally enrich themselves and to supplement the income and 
sustain the daily operation of RRA." In essence, in the absence of Rothstein and his co-
conspirators conducting the Ponzi scheme, the daily operation of RRA, which included 
payroll (compensation to lawyers, staff, investigators, etc.), accounts payable including 
unlimited improper, harassing and potential illegal investigation on cases, including 
Epstein-related matters, would in all likelihood would not have been sustainable. A copy 
of the information is attached as Exhibit 1 to this action. 
10. As more fully set forth herein, RRA held itself out as legitimately and properly 
engaging in the practice of law. In reality, ROTHSTEIN and others in RRA were using 
RRA to market investments, as described below, so as to bilk investors out of hundreds 
of millions of dollars. ROTHSTEIN and others in RRA devised an elaborate plan 
through which were sold purported confidential assignments of a structured pay-out 
settlements, supposedly reached on behalf of RRA for clients, in exchange for 
immediate payments to these clients of a discounted lump sum amount. Investors were 
being promised in excess of a 30% return on their investment which was to be paid out 
to the investors over time. While some of the cases relied upon to induce investor 
funding were existing filed cases, it is believed that the confidential, structured pay-out 
settlements were all fabricated. 
EFTA00729408
--- PAGE 6 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 6 
11. Based on media reports, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) press 
conferences and releases and the Information the massive Ponzi scheme and pattern of 
criminal activity meant to lure investors began sometime in 2005 and continued through 
the fall of 2009, when the scheme was uncovered by some of the investors and the FBI. 
As of November of 2009, civil lawsuits were and continue to be filed against various 
Defendants as result of their massive fraudulent and criminal scheme. 
12. This fraudulent and illegal investment scheme is also evidenced by the filing of 
Amended Complaint For Dissolution And For Emergency Transfer of Corporate Powers 
to Stuart A. Rosenfeldt, Or, In The Alternative, For the Appointment of A Custodian or 
Receiver by ROSENFELDT, and RRA, against ROTHSTEIN, individually. (Case No. 09 
059301, In the Circuit Court of the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit, Broward County, 
Florida, Complex Business Div.), (hereinafter "RRA dissolution action, and attached 
hereto as Exhibit 2). 
13. Plaintiff references the RRA dissolution action for the sole purpose that it 
acknowledges that RRA and ROTHSTEIN were in fact conducting an illegal and 
improper investment or Ponzi scheme based on promises of financial returns from 
settlements or outcomes of supposed legal actions, including the actions brought 
against Plaintiff EPSTEIN. 
The RRA dissolution action alleges in part that — 
"ROTHSTEIN, the managing partner and CEO of the firm (RRA), has, according to 
assertions of certain investors, allegedly orchestrated a substantial misappropriation of 
funds from investor trust accounts that made use of the law firm's name (RRA). The 
investment business created and operated by ROTHSTEIN centered around the sale of 
EFTA00729409
--- PAGE 7 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 7 
interests in structured settlements." See Preliminary Statement of RRA dissolution 
action, Exhibit 2 hereto. 
14. In furtherance of the scheme, RRA's letterhead was used in communications 
regarding investment opportunities in purported structured settlements. RRA's trust 
account was used to deposit hundreds of millions of dollars or wire transfer of monies 
from duped investors and other victims. RRA personally guaranteed payments. 
15. Rothstein's scheme went so far as to manufacture false and fraudulent Court 
opinions/orders including forging the signatures of U.S. District Judge, Kenneth A. 
Marra and U.S. Circuit Court Judge, Susan H. Black, 11th Circuit in other cases. It is not 
yet known if he forged similar documents in Esptein related matters. See Composite 
Exhibit 3 hereto. 
16. The details of this fraudulent scheme are being revealed on a daily basis through 
various media reports and court documents. The most recent estimate of the financial 
scope of the scheme is that it exceeds $1.2 billion dollars. 
17. Relevant to this action, EPSTEIN is currently named as a defendant in three civil 
actions alleging, inter alia, sexual assault and battery that were handled by RRA and its 
attorneys including EDWARDS prior to its implosion — one of which is filed in federal 
court (Jane Doe v. Epstein, Case No. 08-CIV-80893, U.S.D.C. S.D. FIa.)(Jane Doe is a 
named Defendant herein), and two of which have been filed in state court in the 15th
Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, State of Florida, 
v. Epstein, Case No. 
502008CA028051XXXXMB AB;.. v. Epstein, Case No. 502008CA028058XXXXMB 
EFTA00729410
--- PAGE 8 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 8 
AB), (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Civil Actions," and El is a named 
Defendant herein). The Civil Actions were all filed in August and September of 2008. 
18. What is clear is that a fraudulent and improper investment or Ponzi scheme was 
in fact conducted and operated by RRA and certain of the named Defendants, which 
scheme directly impacted EPSTEIN as a named defendant in the Civil Actions. 
19. Miami attorney and developer, Alan Sakowitz, was quoted in a November 2009 
article as saying that he had met with ROTHSTEIN as a potential investor in August of 
2009, but became suspicious. He stated "I was convinced it was all a Ponzi scheme 
and I notified the FBI in detail how Scotty ROTHSTEIN was hiding behind a legitimate 
law firm to peddle fake investments? Attorney Sakowitz was also quoted as saying 
ROTHSTEIN had sophisticated eavesdropping equipment and former law enforcement 
officers who would sift through a potential defendants' garbage looking for damaging 
evidence to use with investors to show how potential defendants could be in essence 
blackmailed into paying settlement that far exceeded the value of any legitimate 
damage claim. 
20. Ft. Lauderdale attorney William Scherer represents multiple Rothstein related 
investors. He indicated in an article that RRA/Rothstein had used the "Epstein Ploy ... 
as a showpiece as bait. That's the way he raised all the money. He would use. . .cases 
as bait for luring investors into fictional cases. All the cases he allegedly structured 
were fictional. I don't believe there was a real one in there." In fact, on November 20, 
2009, William Scherer, on behalf of certain clients, filed a 147 page Complaint against 
ROTHSTEIN, David Boden, Debra Villegas, Andrew Barnett, TD Bank, N.A., Frank 
EFTA00729411
--- PAGE 9 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 9 
Spinosa, Jennifer Kerstetter, Rosanne Caretsky and Frank Preve asserting various 
allegations that further prove the massive Ponzi scheme behind the RRA facade; and 
as of November 25, 2009, a 249 page Amended Complaint naming additional 
Defendants was filed. 
21. In addition, and upon information and belief, ROTHSTEIN, David Boden, Debbie 
Villegas, Andrew Barnett, Michael Fisten and Kenneth Jenne (all employees of RRA) 
through brokers or middlemen would stage regular meetings during which false 
statements were made about the number of cases/clients that existed or RRA had 
against EPSTEIN and the value thereof. They would show and share actual case files 
from the EPSTEIN actions with hedge fund managers. Thus, the attorneys and clients 
have waived any attorney-client or work- product privileges that otherwise may have 
existed. 
22. Because potential investors were given access to some of the actual Civil Action 
files, investor-third parties may have became aware of a name of an existing Plaintiff 
who had filed anonymously against Epstein and had opposed disclosure of her legal 
name. 
23. In all other instances, by RRA, ROTHSTEIN and EDWARDS claiming the need 
for anonymity with regard to existing or fabricated clients, they were able to effectively 
use initials, Jane Doe or other anonymous designations which was a key element in the 
fraudulent scheme. Fictitious names could be created to make the investors believe 
many other cases existed against Epstein. 
EFTA00729412
--- PAGE 10 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 10 
24. In each of RRA's Civil Actions, the Plaintiffs are or were represented by RRA and 
its attorneys, including ROTHSTEIN and EDWARDS. 
25. In addition, investors were told that in addition to the Civil Actions another fifty 
(50) plus anonymous females were represented by RRA, with the potential for hundreds 
of millions of dollars in settlements, and that RRA and its attorneys would El Epstein 
unless he paid exorbitant-settlement amounts to protect his high-profile friends. 
26. Upon information and belief, 
EDWARDS knew or should have known that 
ROTHSTEIN was utilizing RRA as a front for the massive Ponzi scheme and/or were 
selling an alleged interest or investment in the Civil Actions (and other claims) involving 
Epstein. 
27. Further evidencing that EDWARDS (and possibly other attorneys of RRA) knew 
or should have known and participated in the continuation of the massive Ponzi 
scheme, a front-page Palm Beach Post article, dated November 24, 2009, reported on 
the recent filing of an amended forfeiture complaint by prosecutors against "dozens of 
ROTHSTEIN's real estate properties, foreign cars, restaurants and other assets — 
including $12 million in the lawyer's bank account in Morocco, along with millions more 
donated to political campaigns and charitable funds." The article further reported that —
Attorney Scott ROTHSTEIN tapped into millions of dollars from his massive 
investment scam to cover payroll costs at his expanding Fort Lauderdale 
law firm, federal authorities said in court records released Monday. 
ROTHSTEIN's law firm (RRA) generated revenue of $8 million in one 
recent year, yet his 70-lawyer law firm had a payroll of $18 million, 
EFTA00729413
--- PAGE 11 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 11 
prosecutors said. ROTHSTEIN, who owned half of RRA used investors' 
money from his Ponzi scheme to make up the shortfall, they said. 
Subsequent articles and court filings have reflected ROTHSTEIN received 
compensation in excess of $35.7 million in 2008 and $10.5 million in 2009, while 
his partner Rosenfeldt received greater than $6 million in 2008. 
28. ROTHSTEIN attempted to lure the entity known as D3 Capital Club, LLC, ("D3"), 
by offering D3 the opportunity" to invest in a pre-suit $30,000,000.00 court settlement 
against EPSTEIN; yet this supposed settlement never existed and was entirely 
fabricated. To augment his concocted story, ROTHSTEIN, upon information and belief, 
invited D3 to his office to view thirteen (13) bankers boxes of case files in Jane Doe 
(one of the Civil Actions)' in an attempt to substantiate that the claims against EPSTEIN 
were legitimate and that the evidence obtained against him by RRA, ROTHSTEIN, and 
EDWARDS (the "Litigation Team") was real. 
29. Upon information and belief, ROTHSTEIN and others offered other investors like 
the entity D3 fabricated investment opportunities in the Civil Actions involving EPSTEIN. 
Fisten (a former Dade County police officer with a questionable police record and RRA 
investigator) and Jenne (a former attorney, Broward County Sheriff and felon) assisted 
ROTHSTEIN in making these offers by providing confidential, privileged and work-
product information to prospective third-party investors. 
It appears that 13 out of the 40 boxes seized by the FBI as part of its investigation at RRA 
consisted of files relating to the Civil Actions involving EPSTEIN, as reported by counsel for the 
Bankruptcy Trustee. Until those boxes can be reviewed, as well as other discovery, Epstein will 
not know the depth of the fraud and those involved. 
EFTA00729414
--- PAGE 12 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 12 
30. By using the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN as "bait" and fabricating settlements 
regarding same, ROTHSTEIN and others were able to lure investors into 
ROTHSTEIN'S lair and bilked them of millions of dollars which, in turn, was used to fund 
the litigation against EPSTEIN for the sole purpose of continuing the massive Ponzi 
scheme. 
31. As part of this scheme, ROTHSTEIN and the Litigation Team, individually and in 
a concerted effort, may have unethically and illegally: 
a. Sold, allowed to be sold and/or assisted with the sale of an interest in non-
settled personal injury lawsuits (which are non-assignable and non-
transferable) or sold non-existent structured settlements (including those 
cases involving Epstein); 
b. Reached agreements to share attorneys fees with non-lawyers; 
c. Used investor money to pay plaintiffs (i.e., M., 
. and Jane Doe) "up 
front" money such that plaintiffs would refuse to settle the Civil Actions; 
d. Conducted searches, wiretaps or intercepted conversations in violation of 
state or federal laws and Bar rules; and 
e. Utilized the judicial process including, but not limited to, unreasonable and 
unnecessary discovery, for the sole purpose of furthering the Ponzi 
scheme. 
32. Any such actions by ROTHSTEIN, and other attorneys, including the Litigation 
Team, directly or indirectly, would potentially be a violation of various Florida Bar Rules, 
EFTA00729415
--- PAGE 13 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 13 
including prohibiting the improper sharing of fees or costs and various conflicts of issues 
rules. 
33. Evidencing that the Litigation Team knew or should have known of the improper 
purpose that ROTHSTEIN was pursuing in the continuation of the scheme, 
ROTHSTEIN used RRA's Litigation Team in the EPSTEIN cases to pursue issues and 
evidence unrelated to and unnecessary to the claims pled in the Civil Actions, but 
significantly beneficial to lure investors into the Ponzi scheme orchestrated by 
ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators. 
34. Upon information and belief, ROTHSTEIN and others claimed their investigators 
discovered that there were high-profile individuals onboard Epstein's private jet where 
sexual assaults took place and showed D3 (and possibly others) copies of a flight log 
purportedly containing names of celebrities, dignitaries, and international figures. 
35. For instance, the Litigation Team relentlessly and knowingly pursued flight data 
and passenger manifests regarding flights EPSTEIN took with these famous individuals 
knowing full well that no underage women were onboard and no illicit activities took 
place. ROTHSTEIN and the Litigation Team also inappropriately attempted to take the 
depositions of these celebrities in a calculated effort to bolster the marketing scam that 
was taking place. 
36. One of Plaintiffs' counsel, EDWARDS, deposed three of EPSTEIN'S pilots, and 
sought the deposition of a fourth pilot (currently serving in Iraq). The pilots were 
deposed by EDWARDS for over twelve (12) hours, and EDWARDS never asked one 
question relating to or about.., ■., and Jane Doe (RRA clients) as it related to 
EFTA00729416
--- PAGE 14 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 14 
transportation on flights of RRA clients on any of EPSTEIN'S planes. But EDWARDS 
asked many inflammatory and leading irrelevant questions about the pilots' thoughts 
and beliefs (which will never be admissible at trial) which could only have been asked 
for the purposes of "pumping" the cases and thus by using the depositions to sell the 
cases (or a part of them) to third parties. 
37. Because of these facts, ROTHSTEIN claimed that Epstein wanted to make 
certain none of these individuals would be deposed and therefore he had offered 
$200,000,000.00 to settle the claims of RRA female clients various potential plaintiffs in 
actions against EPSTEIN. The offer of a $200 million dollar settlement by EPSTEIN 
was completely fabricated; no such offer had ever been made. 
38. EDWARDS' office also notified Defendant that he intended to take the 
depositions of and was subpoenaing: 
(i) Donald Trump (real-estate magnate and business mogul); 
(ii) Alan Dershowitz (noted Harvard Law professor, constitutional attorney 
and one of EPSTEIN'S criminal defense attorneys); 
(iii)Bill Clinton (Former President of the United States); 
(iv)Tommy Mottola (former President of Sony Record); and 
(v) David Copperfield (illusionist). 
39. The above-named individuals were friends and acquaintances of EPSTEIN with 
whom he knew through business or philanthropic work over the years. None of the 
above-named individuals had any connection whatsoever with any of the Litigation 
Team's clients, 
., ■. or Jane Doe. 
EFTA00729417
--- PAGE 15 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 15 
40. EDWARDS filed amended answers to interrogatories in the state court matters, 
and.., and listed additional high profile witnesses that would allegedly be called 
at trial, including, but not limited to: 
(i) Bill Richardson (Governor of New Mexico, formerly U.S. 
Representative and Ambassador to the United Nations); and 
(ii) Any and all persons having knowledge of EPSTEIN'S charitable, 
political or other donations;2
41. The sole purpose of the scheduling of these depositions or listing high profile 
friends/acquaintances as potential witnesses was, again, to °pump' the cases to 
investors. There is no evidence to date that any of these individuals had or have any 
knowledge regarding RRA's Civil Actions. 
42. In furtherance of their illegal and fraudulent scheme against EPSTEIN, 
ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS (who either know or should have known) and, at times, 
in her Civil Action against EPSTEIN: 
a) Included claims for damages in Jane Doe's federal action in 
excess of $50,000,000.00 rather than simply alleging the 
jurisdictional limits. 
b) Organized a Jane Doe TV media interview without any legitimate 
legal purpose other than to "pump" the federal case for potential 
These high-profile celebrity "purported' witnesses have no personal knowledge regarding the facts on 
these "Three Cases', but were being contacted, subpoenaed or listed to harass and intimidate them and 
Epstein, and to add 'star' appeal to the marketing effort of the Ponzi scheme. 
EFTA00729418
--- PAGE 16 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 16 
investors or to prejudice Epstein's right to a fair trial in Palm 
Beach County. 
c) EDWARDS, Berger and Russell Adler (another named partner in 
RRA) all attended EPSTEIN's deposition. 
At that time, 
outrageous questions were asked of EPSTEIN which had no 
bearing on the case, but so that the video and questions could be 
shown to investors. 
d) Conducted and attempted to conduct completely irrelevant 
discovery unrelated to the claims in or subject matter of the Civil 
Actions for the purpose of harassing and embarrassing witnesses 
and EPSTEIN and causing EPSTEIN to spend tens of thousands 
of dollars in unnecessary attorneys' fees and costs defending 
what appeared to be discovery related to the Civil Actions but was 
entirely related to the furtherance of the Ponzi scheme. 
e) After EDWARDS was recruited and joined RRA in the spring of 
2009, the tone and tenor of rhetoric directed to cases against 
EPSTEIN used by Attorney EDWARDS and Berger changed 
dramatically in addressing the court on various motions from 
being substantive on the facts pled to ridiculously inflammatory 
and sound-bite rich such as the July 31, 2009, transcript when 
EDWARDS stated to the Court in 
"What the evidence 
is really going to show is that Mr. Epstein — at least dating back as 
EFTA00729419
--- PAGE 17 ---
Epstein v. RRA, eta!, 
Page 17 
far as our investigation and resources have permitted, back to 
1997 or '98 - has every single day of his life, made an attempt to 
sexually abuse children. We're not talking about five, we're not 
talking about 20, we're not talking about 100, we're not talking 
about 400, which, I believe, is the number known to law 
enforcement, we are talking about thousands of children.. . and it 
is through a very intricate and complicated system that he devised 
where he has as many as 20 people working underneath him that 
he is paying well to schedule these appointments, to locate these 
girls." 
f) As an example, EDWARDS filed an unsupportable and legally 
deficient Motion for Injunction Restraining Fraudulent Transfer of 
Assets, Appointment of a Receiver to Take Charge of Property of 
Epstein, and to Post a $15 million Bond to Secure Potential 
Judgment, in Jane Doe v. Epstein Case No. 08-CV-80893-
Marra/Johnson. The motion was reported in the press as was the 
ultimate goal (i.e., to "pump" the cases for investor following). 
However, the Court found "Plaintiff's motion entirely devoid of 
evidence .. . ", and denied the motion in toto. 
g) ROTHSTEIN told investors he had another 52 females that he 
represented, and that Epstein had offered $200 million to resolve, 
EFTA00729420
--- PAGE 18 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 18 
but that he could settle, confidently, these cases for $500 million, 
separate and apart from his legal fees. 
h) ROTHSTEIN and the Litigation Team knew or should have known 
that their three (3) filed cases were weak and had minimal value 
for the following reasons: 
(i) 
— testified she never had any type of sex with 
Epstein; worked at numerous strip clubs; is an 
admitted prostitute and call girl; has a history of 
illegal drug use (pot, painkillers, Xanax, Ecstasy); 
and continually asserted the 5th Amendment 
during her depositions in order to avoid answering 
relevant but problem questions for her; 
- 
testified she worked at eleven (11) 
separate strip clubs, including 
which 
RRA represented and in which ROTHSTEIN may 
have owned an interest; and.. also worked at 
in Boynton Beach, which was 
the subject of a recent police raid where dancers 
were allegedly selling prescription painkillers and 
drugs to customers and prostituting themselves. 
Jane Doe (federal case) seeks $50 million from 
Epstein. She and her attorneys claim severe 
EFTA00729421
--- PAGE 19 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 19 
emotional distress as a result of her having 
voluntarily gone to Epstein's home. She testified 
that there was never oral, and or sexual 
intercourse; nor did she ever touch his genitalia. 
Yet, Jane Doe suffered extreme emotional distress 
well prior to meeting Epstein as a result of having 
witnessed her father murder his girlfriend's son. 
She was required to give sworn testimony in that 
matter and has admitted that she has lied in sworn 
testimony. Jane Doe worked at two different strip 
clubs, including 
in Boynton 
Beach. 
i) Conducted 
ridiculous and 
irrelevant 
discovery 
such as 
subpoenaing records from an alleged sex therapist, Dr. Leonard 
Bard in Massachusetts, when the alleged police report reflected 
that EPSTEIN had only seen a chiropractor in Palm Beach named 
Dr. Bard. No records relating to EPSTEIN existed for this alleged 
sex therapist, Dr. Bard, and the alleged subpoena for records was 
just another mechanism to "pump" the cases for investor appeal; 
j) Allowed a Second Amended Complaint to be filed on behalf of 
■. 
alleging that EPSTEIN forced the minor into "oral sex," yet 
testified that she never engaged in oral, anal, or vaginal 
EFTA00729422
--- PAGE 20 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 20 
intercourse with EPSTEIN and she had never touched his 
genitalia. 
k) Told investors, as reported in an Associated Press article, that 
celebrities and other famous people had flown on EPSTEIN'S 
plane when assaults took place. Therefore, even though none 
(zero) of RRA's clients claim they flew of EPSTEIN'S planes, the 
Litigation Team sought pilot and plane logs. Why? Again, to 
prime the investment "pump" with new money without any 
relevance to the existing claims made by the RRA clients. 
I) After EDWARDS joined RRA, EDWARDS and former Circuit 
Judge William Berger filed and argued motion to make the Non-
Prosecution Agreement (NPA) between Epstein and USAO 
public. But, RRA, EDWARDS and Berger, and their three clients, 
already had a copy of the NPA. They knew what it said and they 
knew the civil provisions in the agreement had no impact 
whatsoever on the three pending Civil Actions. 
The concept behind certain civil provisions in the NPA was 
to allow an alleged victim to resolve a civil claim with Epstein, 
maintain her complete privacy and anonymity and move on with 
her life. 
As an assistant United States Attorney stated at a 
hearing in federal court, the NPA was not designed "to hand them 
a jackpot or a key to a bank." 
EFTA00729423
--- PAGE 21 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 21 
43. ROTHSTEIN, with the intent and improper motive to magnify his financial gain 
so continue to fund the fraudulent and illegal investment and/or Ponzi scheme, had 
EDWARDS demand excessive money from EPSTEIN in the Civil Actions. 
44. The actions described in paragraph 42 above herein had no legitimate purpose in 
pursuing the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN, but rather were meant to further the 
fraudulent scheme and criminal activity of ROTHSTEIN so that he and others could 
fraudulently overvalue the settlement value of the existing and non-existent claims 
against EPSTEIN to potential investors. 
45. As a result of the fraudulent investment or (Ponzi) scheme, RRA and its 
attorneys in the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN may have compromised their clients' 
interests. ROTHSTEIN and the Litigation Team would have been unable to give 
unbiased legal counsel because outside investor(s) had been promised a financial 
interest in the outcome of the actions. Additionally, if a plaintiff received payments from 
investment monies while her action is pending, this clearly could impact the plaintiffs 
decision of whether or not to settle the current litigation or shade their testimony (i.e. 
commit perjury) to gain the greatest return on the investment and to further promote the 
Ponzi Scheme. 
46. 
The truthfulness of 
allegations and testimony in ■.'s state civil 
action have been severely compromised by the need to seek a multi-million dollar 
payout to help maintain RRA's massive fraud. Because fictitious settlements of tens of 
millions of dollars in cases relating to EPSTEIN were represented to "investors" in this 
Ponzi scheme, RRA and the attorneys in the Civil Actions needed to create a fiction that 
EFTA00729424
--- PAGE 22 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 22 
included extraordinary damages. However, the actual facts behind her action would 
never support such extraordinary damages. Therefore, extraordinary measures were 
undertaken to create an entirely inflated value of her claims against EPSTEIN. 
a. Though she held herself out as a "victim" of Epstein, she admitted to having 
returned over and over again to him despite her current claim of abuse. She 
has now admitted, under oath, to being a call girl/escort since the age of 15. 
(in her deposition September 24, 2009 Transcript "DT" 280:16-19). She 
testified "Well, I lived life as a prostitute," (see DT 156:7) and "I am a 
prostitute when I make money" (see DT 156:12-13). ■. admitted her 
activity with men other than Epstein to making $1,000 a day from prostitution 
on maybe more than 20 occasions in one year alone (DT 157:11-158:21). 
■. 
admitted under oath to keeping a list of amounts she collected from 
"Johns" in "two or three" lined books including a book of "Psalms" that she 
obtained from a religious store (DT 152:1-14). Under the circumstances, her 
claim for damages against EPSTEIN, one of ■.'s many "Johns" during that 
same period, would be so incredible and certainly not likely to produce the 
extraordinary settlements promised to "RRA's investors." 
47. 
In April 2007, before she was represented by EDWARDS, and RRA, 
gave swom taped recorded testimony to the agents of the FBI. She was represented 
by a lawyer other than EDWARDS at that statement. She spoke of EPSTEIN in a very 
positive and friendly terms and directly contradicted the central allegations on which 
M.'s civil action against Epstein is now based. 
However, once in the hands of 
EFTA00729425
--- PAGE 23 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 23 
EDWARDS and RRA, Ill's story changed dramatically. All of a sudden she wanted to 
■ 
EPSTEIN and like other RRA clients, sought tens of millions of dollars. 
a. For example, in her sworn statement to the FBI, 
was insistent that 
"Jeffrey is an awesome man." (p. 21 — FBI); At the conclusion of she 
stated: "I hope Jeffrey, nothing happens to Jeffrey because he's an 
awesome man and it really would be a shame. It's a shame that he has to 
go through this because he's an awesome guy and he didn't do nothing 
wrong, nothing." (pp. 57-58 - FBI). 
In fact, fi
 spoke so highly of 
EPSTEIN and her interactions with him that the US Attorney's office 
informed a federal court in July 2008 that the US Attorney could not 
consider IS a victim. 
Yet, by September 24, 2009, the date on which ■. began her 
deposition in her civil action and now represented by RRA and 
EDWARDS, ■.'s new and very different tale about purported sexual 
misconduct under the supposed influence of EPSTEIN had been 
thoroughly rehearsed and her role into the ROTHSTEIN scam was 
complete. In her deposition in her civil action, ■. declared that: 
1, I don't really care about money." (DT 206:8) 
"He needs time in jail. He doesn't want to be — this is not right for 
him to be on the streets living daily . . ." (DT 219:21-23) 
EFTA00729426
--- PAGE 24 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 24 
"You don't think my whole life I have lived that shitty life because of 
Jeffrey Epstein?" (DT 222:7-8) 
b. 
In her sworn FBI testimony (pre-EDWARDS and RRA), 
was 
emphatic that her interactions with Epstein involved no inappropriate 
sexual touching in any way. In fact, it was exactly the opposite: 
O: Did he at any point kiss you, touch you, show any kind of 
affection towards you? 
A: Never, never. (p. 21 — FBI) . . . 
Q: So he never pulled you closer to him in a sexual way? 
A: I wish. No, no, never, ever, ever, no, never. Jeffrey is an 
awesome man, no. (p. 21 - FBI) 
Yet, ■. filed her second amended complaint in April 2009, 
after EDWARDS joined RRA, the allegations against EPSTEIN in 
■.'s complaint became even more salacious. In paragraph 12 of 
M.'s Second Amended Complaint, M. alleges among other 
things, that: 
"Jeffrey Epstein coerced, induced, or enticed . . .the then minor 
Plaintiff to commit various acts of sexual misconduct. These acts 
included, but were not limited to, fondling and inappropriate and 
illegal sexual touching of the then minor Plaintiff, forcing or inducing 
the then minor plaintiff into oral sex or other sexual misconduct..." 
EFTA00729427
--- PAGE 25 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 25 
c. In her sworn FBI statement (pre-EDWARDS and RRA),Ill. testified that 
MI, 
the individual who first brought M. to EPSTEIN's 
home, told II. 
"make sure you're 18 because Jeffrey doesn't want any 
underage girls." (p. 8 - FBI). 
Yet at her September, 2009 deposition now represented by 
EDWARDS and RRA,.. told a very different story: 
O: My question was what did 
tell you to tell Mr. Epstein 
about your age? 
A: She said it didn't matter. 
Q: That's your recollection about what she said? 
A: Yes, she said — I remember her saying it doesn't matter. Don't 
worry about it. 
(DT 199:20-25) 
d. 
Pre-EDWARDS and RRA,.. testified to the FBI : "I always made 
sure — I had a fake ID, anyways saying that I was 18." (p. 8 - FBI). 
Yet, when questioned about her fake ID at her September 2009 depo, she 
stated: 
Q: And did you have a fake ID? 
A: No. 
Q: Have you ever had a fake ID? 
EFTA00729428
--- PAGE 26 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 26 
A: No. 
(DT 300:5-8) 
e. 
In her FBI statement (pre-EDWARDS and RRA), 
testified 
about others 
brought to the Epstein home. 
testified that women she 
brought to EPSTEIN's home were eager for the opportunity and content with their 
experiences: 
A: None of my girls ever had a problem and they'd call me. They'd 
beg me, you know, for us to go to 
house because they 
love Jeffrey. Jeffrey is a respectful man. He really is. I mean, and 
he all thought we were of age always. This is what's so sad about 
it. (p 30 - FBI). 
Q: Did any of the girls complain about what happened after they left 
there? 
A: No. You asked me that question. No, everybody loved Jeffrey. 
(p. 44 - FBI) 
A: Every girl that I brought to Jeffrey, they said they were fine with 
it. and like for example a. 
- another of RRA's clients in the 
Civil Actions], a lot of girls begged me to bring them back for the 
money. And as far as I know, we all had fun there. (p. 45 - FBI) 
EFTA00729429
--- PAGE 27 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 27 
Yet, with EDWARDS and RRA as her attorneys, 
did a "180" at her 
September, 2009 deposition in saying: 
A: . . . Once they were there, they were scared out of their mind. 
They did it anyways and some of them walked out and said M. 
don't ever do this to me again. That was the worst thing that ever 
happened to me. (DT 170:6-11) 
. .. A: And then, a lot of girls weren't comfortable. (DT 171:13) 
f. 
The above represent only a few of the dramatic changes 
made 
in her testimony prior to her representation by EDWARDS/RRA and after she 
hired ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and RRA. 
48. As a result of the fraudulent investment or (Ponzi) scheme, 
may knowingly 
have compromised her alleged interests in her Civil Action, or committed a fraud on the 
court. 
49. RRA and the Litigation Team took an emotionally driven set of facts involving 
alleged innocent, unsuspecting, underage females and a Palm Beach Billionaire and 
sought to turn it into a gold mine. Rather than evaluating and resolving the cases based 
on the merits (i.e. facts) which included knowledgeable, voluntary and consensual 
actions by each of the claimants and substantial pre-Epstein psychological and 
emotional conditions of each of the claimants and substantial sexual experiences pre-
Epstein, RRA and the Litigation Team sought through protective orders and objections 
to block relevant discovery regarding their claimants. They instead forged ahead with 
discovery the main purpose of which was to pressure Epstein into settling the cases. 
EFTA00729430
--- PAGE 28 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 28 
Fortunately, their tactics have not been successful. 
As Magistrate Judge Linnea 
wrote in a discovery order dated September 15, 2009 (DE 299 in Federal Case 
#08-80119) in denying Plaintiffs' Motion for Protective Order: 
"This is his [Epstein's] right. The Record in this case is clear that the childhood of 
many of the Plaintiffs was marred by instances of abuse and neglect, which in 
turn may have resulted, in whole or in part, in the damages claimed by the 
Plaintiffs." 
In addition, in an Omnibus Order dated October 28, 2009 (DE 377 in Federal 
Case #08-80119) Magistrate Judge Linnea 
wrote: 
"Here the request at issue goes to the very heart of the Plaintiffs damage claims, 
requesting not only general information relating to Plaintiff's sexual history, but 
inquiring as to specific instances wherein Plaintiff received compensation or 
consideration for sex acts, claim other males sexually assaulted, battered, or 
abuses her, and/or claim other males committed lewd or lascivious acts on her. 
As a global matter, Plaintiffs clearly and unequivocally place their sexual history 
in issue by their allegations that Epstein's actions in this case has negatively 
affected their relationships by, among other things, "distrust in men," "sexual 
intimacy problems," "diminished trust," "social problems," " problems in personal 
relationships," " feeling of stress around men," "premature teenage pregnancy," 
°antisocial behaviors," and "hyper-sexuality and promiscuity." Considering these 
allegation, there simply can be no question that Epstein is entitled to know 
whether Plaintiffs were molested or the subject of other "sexual activity" or "lewd 
EFTA00729431
--- PAGE 29 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 29 
and lascivious conduct" in order to determine whether there is an alternative 
basis for the psychological disorders Plaintiffs claim to have sustained, whether 
Plaintiffs engaged in prostitution or other similar type acts and how certain acts 
alleged in the Complaint materially affected Plaintiffs' relationships with others or 
how those acts did not have such an affect on those relationships and/or whether 
Plaintiffs suffered from the alleged emotional and psychological disorders as a 
result of other sexual acts prior to the acts alleged in the Complaint. To deny 
Epstein thus discovery, would be tantamount to barring him from mounting a 
defense." 
50. ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and M.'s actions constitute a fraud upon EPSTEIN 
as RRA, ROTHSTEIN and the Litigation Team represented themselves to be acting in 
good 
and with the bests interests of their clients in mind at all times when in reality, 
they were acting in furtherance of the investment or Ponzi scheme described herein. 
EPSTEIN justifiably relied to his detriment on the representations of RRA, and 
Defendants, ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and 
as to how he conducted and defended 
the Civil Actions brought against him. 
51. As a direct and proximate result of the fraudulent and illegal investment or Ponzi 
scheme orchestrated by ROTHSTEIN and as yet other unknown co-conspirators and as 
a result of the litigation tactics undertaken by the Litigation Team and M. as set forth 
herein, Plaintiff EPSTEIN has incurred and continues to incur the monetary damages 
including, but not limited to, having to pay an amount in excess of the Civil Actions' true 
value as a result of them refusing to settle in that a percentage of any payment by 
EFTA00729432
--- PAGE 30 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 30 
EPSTEIN may have been promised to third party investors; incurring significant 
additional legal fees and costs as result of Defendants refusal to conduct settlement 
negotiations in a forthright and good El 
manner because any monies paid by 
EPSTEIN is in reality a promised return on an investment; and incurred significant 
attorneys' fees and costs in defending the discovery that was not relevant, material 
and/or calculated to lead to the admissibility of evidence, but which was done for the 
sole purpose of "pumping" the cases to investors. 
52. EPSTEIN has also been injured in that the scope of the fraudulent and criminal 
or racketeering activity so permeated the RRA law firm that EPSTEIN has been 
prevented from fully and fairly defending the civil actions brought against him. In 
essence, the very existence of RRA was based on the continuation of the massive 
Ponzi scheme orchestrated by ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators. In order to 
continue to bring in monies from investors, ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators used 
the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN, along with other manufactured lawsuits, as a means 
of obtaining massive amounts of money. 
53. ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and ■. are liable for damages caused to EPSTEIN — 
individually, and jointly and severally. 
Count I — Violation of O772.101, et seq., Fla. Stat. -
Florida Civil Remedies for Criminal Practices Act — 
Against All Defendants 
54. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 53 as if fully set forth 
herein. 
EFTA00729433
--- PAGE 31 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 31 
55. RRA, ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and U.  each and collectively constitute an 
enterprise pursuant to §772.102(3), Fla. Stat. (2009). 
56. ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and M. engaged in a pattern of criminal activity as 
defined in §772.102(3) and (4), Fla. Stat. (2009). 
57. As alleged herein, ROTHSTEIN and EDWARDS committed multiple predicate 
acts in violation of §772.103(1), (2), (3) and (4), Fla. Stat., including violations of Florida 
Statutes - Chapter 517, relating to securities transactions; Chapter 817, relating to 
fraudulent practices, false pretenses, and fraud generally (which includes 
Chapter 
831, relating to forgery; §836.05, relating to extortion (which includes M.); and Chapter 
837, relating to perjury (which includes ■.). 
Substantially more than two predicate 
acts (i.e., the selling of or participation of the sale of fabricated settlements outlined 
herein, including the Civil Actions involving Epstein as well as the improper litigation 
tactics outlined above) occurred within a five-year time period. 
58. As a direct and proximate result of ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and ■.'s 
violations of §772.103, Fla. Stat., EPSTEIN has been injured. 
59. Pursuant to §772.104(1), Fla. Stat., Plaintiff EPSTEIN is entitled to threefold of 
his actual damages sustained, reasonable attorney's fees and court costs, and such 
other damages as allowed by law. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff EPSTEIN respectfully demands the entry of a judgment for 
damages against all the named Defendants. 
Count II — Florida RICO -
"Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act" 
Pursuant to 4O95.01, et seq., Fla. Stat. (20091, 
Against All Defendants 
EFTA00729434
--- PAGE 32 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 32 
60. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 53 as if fully set forth 
herein. 
61. RRA, along with ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and 
each and collectively, 
constitute an enterprise pursuant to §895.02(3), Fla. Stat. (2009). 
62. During all times relevant hereto, ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and 
were and 
are associated with the enterprise, RRA, and each other. 
63. Defendants, ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and■., as persons associated with the 
enterprise, RRA and each other (as an enterprise), unlawfully conducted or participated, 
directly or indirectly, in such an enterprise through a pattern of racketeering, § 
895.03(3), Fla. Stat., as alleged above herein. 
64. The breadth and scope of ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and, potentially, 
racketeering activity continues to be investigated by the FBI, as numerous civil lawsuits 
against some of the Defendants and others continue to be filed by persons who have 
been damaged. As of the filing of this Complaint, criminal charges have only been 
brought against ROTHSTEIN. 
65. Substantially more than two predicate acts (i.e., the selling of fabricated 
settlements outlined herein, including the Civil Actions involving Epstein as well as the 
improper litigation tactics outlined above) occurred within a five year time period. 
66. Pursuant to §895.02, Fla. Stat., ROTHSTEIN and EDWARDS engaged in a 
pattern of "racketeering activity" through the commission of crimes as defined in § 
895.02(1)(a)-(b), Fla. Stat., including Chapter 517, relating to securities; Chapter 817, 
relating to fraudulent practices, false pretenses, and fraud (including M.) generally; 
EFTA00729435
--- PAGE 33 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 33 
Chapter 813, relating to forgery; §836.05, relating to extortion (including M.); Chapter 
837, relating to perjury (including 
67. Pursuant to §895.05, Fla. Stat., Plaintiff seeks the following relief against 
Defendants, ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and■.:
a) Ordering ROTHSTEIN and EDWARDS to divest themselves of 
any interest in the enterprise, RRA; 
b) Enjoin all Defendants from engaging in the same type of conduct 
and activities as described herein; and 
c) Temporarily enjoining ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and ■., from 
the continuation of the Civil Actions brought against EPSTEIN 
until criminal charges have been formally brought against RRA 
and/or any of the Defendants, such that EPSTEIN may be 
allowed to evaluate whether a stay or dismissal of all Civil Actions 
against him is merited. 
68. EPSTEIN further seeks an award of his reasonable attorney's fees and costs, 
and such other relief that this Court deems appropriate. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff EPSTEIN respectfully demands the entry of a judgment for 
the relief sought and damages against the named Defendants. 
Count Ill — Abuse of Process — 
Against All Defendants 
69. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 53 as if fully set forth 
herein. 
EFTA00729436
--- PAGE 34 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 34 
70. After instituting the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN, the actions of Defendants, 
ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and 
as alleged in paragraphs 9 through 53 herein, 
constitute an illegal, improper or perverted use of process. 
71. ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and ■. 
possessed ulterior motives or purposes in 
exercising such illegal, improper, or perverted use of process. 
72. As a result of ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and 
actions, EPSTEIN suffered 
damages. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff EPSTEIN respectfully demands the entry of a judgment for 
damages against all the named Defendants. 
Count IV — Fraud 
Against All Defendants 
73. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 53 as if fully set forth 
herein. 
74. ROTHSTEIN, by and through Defendant EDWARDS and M. made false 
statements of fact to EPSTEIN and his attorneys and agents, known to be false at the 
time made, and/or intentionally concealed material information from EPSTEIN and his 
attomeys and agents, for the purpose of inducing EPSTEIN to act in reliance thereon. 
75. EPSTEIN did so act on the misrepresentation and/or concealment by incurring 
additional attorney's fees, costs, and expenses in aggressively defending the civil 
actions whereas in reality, because the Civil Actions against Plaintiff were being 
exploited and over-valued so as to lure additional investors and to attempt to extort as 
much money as possible from EPSTEIN so as to continue the massive fraud. 
EFTA00729437
--- PAGE 35 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 35 
WHEREFORE Plaintiff EPSTEIN demands judgment against Defendants for 
damages incurred and for any other relief to which he is entitled under the law. 
Conspiracy to Commit Fraud 
Against All Defendants 
76. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 53, and 74 and 75 as if 
fully set forth herein. 
77. ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and.. conspired to commit a fraud upon EPSTEIN. 
78. ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and ■. combined by and through concerted action 
as detailed herein to accomplish an unlawful purpose or accomplish some purpose by 
unlawful means. The unlawful purpose was, among other things, the orchestrating and 
continuation of the massive fraudulent Ponzi scheme and receipt of monies for the 
continuation of the scheme. The unlawful means includes, but is not limited to, the use 
of the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN in an unlawful, improper, and fraudulent manner. 
79. As a direct and proximate result of ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and ■.'s 
conspiracy to defraud EPSTEIN, EPSTEIN suffered damages. 
WHEREFORE Plaintiff EPSTEIN demands judgment against Defendants for 
damages incurred and for any other relief to which he is entitled under the law. 
Jury Trial 
Plaintiff demands Jury Trial on all issues so triable. 
By: 
ROBERT ►. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida 
r No. 224162 
EFTA00729438
--- PAGE 36 ---
Epstein v. PIRA, et al. 
Page 36 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
303 Banyan Blvd., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-842-2820 
Fax: 561-253-0154 
(Attorneys for Plaintiff) 
EFTA00729439
--- PAGE 37 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-J1C Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 1 of 36 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO9
 at  60
mis,OkstRA*1b JUDS41 
U.S.C. §1962(d) 
CF - COHN 
U.S.C. §1956(h) 
U.S.C. §1349 
egiant 
U.S.C. §1343 
U.S.C. § 2 
U.S.C. §1963 
U.S.C. §982(aX1) 
U.S.C. §981(aXI)(C) 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Plaintiff; 
v. 
SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
FILED by 
D.C. 
DEC 0 1 2009: 
STEVEN M. LARIMORE 
CLERK U. S. DIST. CT. 
S. D. of 
- FT. LAUD. 
INFORMATION 
The United States Attorney charges that, at all times relevant to this Information: 
GENERAL ALLEGATIONS 
1. 
Scott W. Rothstein was an attorney admitted to practice law in Florida. Defendant 
Rothstein was the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chairman of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt and Adler, 
P.A. 
2. 
Rothstein, Rosenfeldt and Adler, P.A. was a law firm with offices located at 401 East 
Las Olas Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, Florida and elsewhere. The law fine employed approximately 
seventy (70) attorneys and engaged in the practice of law involving a wide range of specialties, 
including labor and employment law. 
EXHIBITS_ 
ri 1279n 
evJs,ita:4~.
EFTA00729440
--- PAGE 38 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 2 of 36 
COUNT 1 
(Racketeering Conspiracy, 18 U.S.C. §1962(d)) 
1. 
The General Allegations ofthis Information are realleged and expressly incorporated 
herein as if set forth in full. 
THE ENTERPRISE 
2. 
The law firm, Rothstein, Rosenfeldt and Adler, P.A. (hereinafter referred to as RRA) 
was a legal entity organized under the laws of the State of Florida and constituted an Enterprise as 
that term is defined in Tide 18, United States Code, Section 1961(4). The Enterprise engaged in, 
and the activities of which affected, interstate and foreign commerce. 
THE RACKETEERING CONSPIRACY 
3. 
From in or about 2005 and continuing through in or about November 2009, in the 
Southern District of Florida and elsewhere, the defendant, 
SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN, 
being a person employed by and associated with the Enterprise described above, which was engaged 
in, and the activities of which affected, interstate and foreign commerce, did knowingly combine, 
conspire, confederate, and agree, with persons known and unknown to the United States Attorney, 
to violate Title 18, United States Code, Section 1962(c); that is, to conduct and participate, directly 
and indirectly, in the conduct of the affairs o f the Enterprise through a pattern of racketeering activity 
as that term is defined in Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1961(1) and (5), as set forth herein 
below at paragraph 4. 
EFTA00729441
--- PAGE 39 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on FLED Docket 12/01/2009 Page 3 of 36 
THE PATTERN OF RACKETEERING ACTIVITY 
4. 
The pattern of racketeering activity as defined in Title 18, United States Code, 
Sections 1961(1) and 1961(5), through which the defendant and his co-conspirators agreed to 
conduct and participate, directly and indirectly, in the conduct of the affairs of the Enterprise 
consisted of multiple acts indictable under the laws of the United States, namely: 
i. 
Title 18, United States Code, Section 1341 (mail fraud); 
ii. 
Title 18, United States Code, Section 1343 (wire fraud); 
iii. 
Title 18, United States Code, Section 1956(8)(1) (laundering of monetary 
instruments); 
iv. 
Title 18, United States Code, Section 1957 (engaging in monetary 
transactions); and 
v. 
Tide 18, United States Code, Section 1956(h) (conspiracy to launder 
monetary instruments and engage in monetary transactions. 
THE PURPOSE AND OBJECT OF THE RACKETEERING ACTIVITY 
5. 
The principal purpose of the racketeering conspiracy was to generate money for the 
defendant and his co-conspirators through the operation of the Enterprise and through various 
criminal activities, including mail fraud, wire fraud, and money laundering. 
6. 
The defendant and his co-conspirators agreed to engage in a pattern of racketeering 
activity through its base of operation at the offices of RRA. The conspirators also utilized other 
locations to further the objectives of the Enterprise. RRA was utilized by the defendant and his co-
conspirators to unlawfully obtain approximately $1.2 billion from investors by fraud in connection 
with an investment scheme commonly known as a "Pond" scheme, in which new investors' funds 
EFTA00729442
--- PAGE 40 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 4 of 36 
are utilized to pay previous investors in the absence of any underlying security, legitimate investment 
vehicle or other commodity. 
THE ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CONSPIRATORS 
7. 
The roles of the conspirators were as follows: 
A. 
Defendant SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN was a shareholder, Chairman and CEO of RRA. 
Through his position at RRA, defendant ROTHSTEIN promoted, managed, and supervised the 
administration of the Enterprise by fraudulently inducing investors through the use of false 
statements, documents, and computer records to (I) loan money to purported borrowers based upon 
fraudulent promissory notes and fictitious bridge loans, and (2) invest funds bascd upon anticipated 
pay-outs from purported confidential settlement agreements which had been reached between and 
among certain individuals and business entities. These settlement agreements were falsely presented 
as having been reached between putative plaintiffs in civil cases and putative defendants based upon 
the forbearance of civil claims in sexual harassment and/or whistle-blower cases. 
B. 
Other conspirators, known and unknown to the United States Attorney, agreed with 
one another and with defendant ROTHSTEIN to take actions to further the operation and success 
of the "Pone scheme, including presenting the aforesaid investments to potential investors as 
legitimate investment vehicles, when in fact they were not; fraudulently inducing investors to place 
funds into these investment vehicles by making material misstatements of facts as set forth below; 
assuring potential investors and investors that sufficient funds existed to pay returns on these 
investments, when in fact such funds did not exist; creating, and transferring funds into and from, 
various accounts at financial institutions in order to further the unlawful scheme; and realizing 
EFTA00729443
--- PAGE 41 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 5 of 36 
profits from the operation of the Ponzi scheme through the acquisition of money generated as 
proceeds from the scheme and through the acquisition of real and personal property. 
MANNER AND MEANS OF THE RACKETEERING CONSPIRACY 
8. 
It was part of the conspiracy that the defendant agreed that a conspirator would 
commit at least two acts of racketeering activity in the conduct of the affairs of the Enterprise. 
9. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators initiated the criminal conduct 
alleged in the instant Information in order to personally enrich themselves and to supplement the 
income and sustain the daily operation of RRA. 
10. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators fraudulently solicited investors 
to loan money based upon promissory notes and bridge loans to and from purported clients of RRA. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN falsely alleged that clients of RRA requested short-term financing for 
undisclosed business deals. Defendant ROTHSTEIN falsely alleged that the purported clients were 
willing to pay high rates of return on loans negotiated by Defendant ROTHSTEIN. In fact, defendant 
ROTHSTEIN was aware that no such clients or requests for business financing actually existed. 
11. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators participated in an investment 
scheme commonly known as a "Ponzi" scheme. The "Ponzi" scheme involved the sale of purported 
confidential settlement agreements in sexual harassment and/or whistle-blower cases. The potential 
investors were told by defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators that confidential settlement 
agreements were available for purchase. The purported settlements were allegedly available in 
amounts ranging from hundreds of thousands of dollars to millions of dollars and could be purchased 
at a discount and repaid to the investors at face value over time. 
EFTA00729444
--- PAGE 42 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 6 of 36 
12. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators utilized the offices of RRA and 
the offices of other co-conspirators to convince potential investors of the legitimacy and success of 
the law firm, which enhanced the credibility of the purported investment opportunity. 
13. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators made false and misleading 
statements and omissions which were intended to fraudulently induce potential investors into 
purchasing the confidential settlements. 
14. 
Defendant ROTIISTEIN and other co-conspirators made the following fraudulent 
representations to potential investors in order to induce them to purchase the purported settlements: 
A. 
That the purported settlements were highly confidential in order to protect the 
reputation of the company authorizing the settlement and the executives 
involved; 
B. 
That the plaintiffs in the purported sexual harassment and/or whistle-blower 
cases preferred to settle the cases in order to avoid the emotional 
embarrassment of pursuing a claim in a public forum; 
C. 
That RRA originated its own cases from reputation, internal staff and outside 
referrals from other law firms; 
D. 
That RRA retained a company that owned internet sites and well-placed 
"800" numbers designed to attract a large volume of high quality cases; 
E. 
That RRA rigorously screened the purported sexual harassment and/or 
whistle-blower settlement agreements; 
EFTA00729445
--- PAGE 43 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 7 of 36 
That RRA utilized former law enforcement personnel and employed highly 
sophisticated investigative methods in selecting and pursuing claims against 
purported defendants; 
G. 
That RRA or other law firms pursued purported settlements with defendant 
companies prior to the initiation of litigation; 
H. 
That RRA or other law firms negotiated with the purported defendant 
company after such company was made aware of the alleged claim by the 
plaintiff; 
I. 
That RRA or other law firms purportedly negotiated with the defendant 
company and reached an agreement which contained the settlement amount 
and the payment terms; 
J. 
That because the purported settlements occurred prior to the initiation of 
litigation, there was no court or governmental entity involved in the 
transaction; 
K. 
That the alleged defendant companies sent by wire transfer to RRA or other 
law firms' trust accounts the full proceeds of the purported settlements; 
L 
That during the settlement conference or other settlement negotiations when 
a purported plaintiff protested the extended payment schedule, RRA or other 
law firms presented the purported plaintiff with the option of receiving a 
discounted lump sum payment from an unrelated confidential funding source; 
M. 
That RRA or other co-conspirators prepared a purported Assignment of 
Settlement Agreement in which the investor agreed to acquire the right to the 
EFTA00729446
--- PAGE 44 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 Entered on FLED Docket 12/01/2009 Page 8 of 36 
purported settlement payments for a discounted lump sum payment made to 
the purported plaintiff; 
N. 
That when RRA received the payment by the investor it immediately 
disbursed those funds to the purported plaintiff; and 
O. 
That RRA made payment to the investor pursuant to the purported payment 
schedule set forth in the purported settlement agreement. 
15. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators falsely informed potential 
investors that funds were maintained in designated trust accounts for the benefit of the individual 
investor and that these funds were verified on a regular basis, weekly if not more often, by two 
independent verification sources, one being an attorney and the other being an independent financial 
advisor (hereinafter referred to "independent verifiers"). 
16. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other coconspirators falsely informed potential 
investors that RBA's trust accounts were maintained with a well established international banking 
institution, in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Florida Bar, and that at:7.gs to 
balances in the trust accounts was allegedly monitored by one of the two independent verifiers. 
17. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators falsely informed potential 
investors that due diligence would be undertaken with the following provisions: 
A. 
An "independent verifier" would be permitted to ask questions of Defendant 
ROTHSTEIN and/or other co-conspirators to review the opportunity and 
structure; 
B. 
The independent verifier" would have the opportunity to randomly review 
selected completed transactions to confirm the veracity of the information; 
EFTA00729447
--- PAGE 45 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 9 of 36 
C. 
The "independent verifier" had already reviewed current transactions, 
including wire transfers received from defendants and payments made to 
plaintiffs; 
D. 
The "independent verifier" would have the opportunity to visit and speak 
with a senior banking officer at the local branch of the financial institution to 
confirm current trust account bank balances through bank statements 
provided on line; and 
E. 
The "independent verifier" had the opportunity to meet with a senior banking 
officer to verify that the trust accounts were "locked" and to verify the 
strength of RBA's financial position and relationship with the bank. 
18. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators established numerous trust 
accounts in the name of RBA in order to convince potential and current investors of the legitimacy 
of the confidential settlement agreements and the security of such investments. 
19. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators prepared and used altered bank 
statements, purportedly issued from a well-established international financial institution, to 
fraudulently convince potential and current investors that funds had been received from the purported 
defendant companies and were maintained in trust accounts. 
20. 
In order to deceive investors, defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators 
created, altered and/or maintained fictitious online banking information regarding the purported trust 
accounts which falsely reflected the amount of funds maintained in such accounts, the receipt of 
funds wired from the alleged defendant companies and the transmission of funds by wire to the 
alleged plaintiffs, 
EFTA00729448
--- PAGE 46 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on F LSD Docket 12J01/2009 Page 10 of 36 
21. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators created false and fictitious 
documents, including confidential settlement agreements, assignment of settlement agreements and 
proceeds, sale and transfer agreements, and personal guaranties by Defendant ROTHSTEIN, among 
other documents. 
22. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators facilitated the movement and 
transfer of funds between and among numerous trust accounts and operating accounts in order to 
perpetuate the scheme. The movement and transfer of such funds insured that monies were available 
in the individual trust accounts in order to make scheduled payments to investors. 
23. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators made false statements to current 
investors in order to convince them to re-invest in additional purported confidential settlement 
agreements. 
24. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators facilitated the creation of false and 
fictitious "lock letters" which were issued by an executive at the financial institution where the trust 
and operating accounts were maintained. Such "lock letters" falsely reflected that the funds 
maintained in specific trust accounts would only be disbursed to specific investors. 
25. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators utilized funds received from 
investors to pay the promised "return on investment" to earlier investors. 
26. 
Defendant ROT1ISTEIN and other co-conspirators also initiated and conducted a 
scheme to defraud clients of RRA in order to perpetuate the "Ponzi" scheme. Such clients had 
retained RRA to institute and file a civil lawsuit. Unknown to the clients, RRA settled the lawsuit 
and obligated the clients to pay $500,000 to the defendant. In order to commit the fraud and deceive 
the clients, defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators created a false and fraudulent court 
EFTA00729449
--- PAGE 47 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 11 of 36 
order purportedly signed by a Federal District Court Judge which falsely alleged that the clients had 
prevailed in the lawsuit and were owed a judgement of approximately $23 million. The fraudulent 
court order also falsely stated that the defendant had transferred funds to the Cayman Islands in order 
to avoid paying the judgement. 
27. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators falsely advised the clients on 
several occasions that in order to recover the defendant's funds, they had to post bonds to be held 
in the RRA trust account Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other coconspirators fraudulently caused 
the clients to wire transfer approximately $57 million over several years to a trust account controlled 
by defendant ROTHSTEIN, purportedly to satisfy the bonds. 
28. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators caused the funds transmitted by 
the clients to be transferred to other RRA trust accounts in order to perpetuate the "Ponzi" scheme 
and to enrich those co-conspirators who were associated with the Enterprise. 
29. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators were questioned by the clients as 
to the progress of the alleged lawsuit. In order to delay the return of funds to the clients, defendant 
ROTHSTEIN fraudulently created a false Federal court order purportedly issued by a United States 
Magistrate Judge allegedly ordering RRA to return the transmitted funds by a later date_ 
30. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators utilized funds obtained through 
the "Ponzi" scheme to supplement and support the operation and activities of RRA, to expand RRA 
by the hiring of additional attorneys and support staff, to fund salaries and bonuses, and to acquire 
larger and more elaborate office space and equipment in order to enrich the personal wealth of 
persons employed by and associated with the Enterprise. 
EFTA00729450
--- PAGE 48 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 12 of 36 
31. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators utilized funds illegally obtained 
through the "Ponzi" scheme to make political contributions to local, state and federal political 
candidates, in a manner designed to conceal the true source of such funds and to circumvent state 
and federal laws governing the limitations and contribution of such funds. 
32. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators used other corporations in order 
to launder proceeds generated from the "Ponzi" scheme to conceal the source of the funds utilized 
to make political contributions in order to promote the "Ponzi" scheme. 
33. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators paid large bonuses to employees 
of RRA purportedly as an award for exemplary work. Prior to the receipt of the bonuses, the 
employees were instructed to make large contributions to political candidates in the employees' 
names. Such conduct was designed to conceal the true source of the contribution and to illegally 
circumvent campaign finance laws. 
34. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators distributed lavish gifts including 
exotic cars, jewelry, boats, loans, cash and bonuses to individuals and members of RICA in order to 
engender goodwill and loyalty and to create the appearance of a successful law firm. 
35. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators made large charitable 
contributions to public and private charitable institutions, including hospitals and other legitimate 
charitable and nonprofit organizations using funds derived from the "Ponzi" scheme. 
36. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators utilized funds illegally obtained 
through the "Ponzi" scheme to hire members of local police departments purportedly to provide 
security for RRA and defendant ROTHSTEIN's personal residence. "Ponzi" scheme funds were 
also used to provide gratuities to high ranking members of police agencies in order to curry favor 
EFTA00729451
--- PAGE 49 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 13 of 36 
with such police personnel and to deflect law enforcement scrutiny of the activities of RRA and 
defendant ROTHSTEIN. 
37. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators utilized funds obtained through 
the "Ponzi" scheme in order to purchase controlling interests in restaurants located in the Southern 
District of Florida. Such restaurants were used in part as a mechanism to give gratuities to 
individuals, including politicians, business associates and attorneys, in order to foster goodwill and 
loyalty, as a location to solicit potential investors and as a secure location for conspiratorial meetings. 
38. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators associated with affluent and 
politically connected individuals in order to lure wealthy investors into the "Ponzi" scheme. 
39. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators associated with well known sports 
figures and politicians, in public forums and elsewhere, in order to gain greater notoriety and to 
create the appearance of wealth and legitimacy. Such acts were calculated in part to enhance 
defendant ROTHSTEIN's ability to solicit potential investors in the "Ponzi" scheme. 
40. 
Defendant ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators used funds derived from the 
"Ponzi" scheme to maintain the appearance of affluence and wealth, by purchasing expensive real 
and personal property, in order to convince potential investors of the legitimacy of RRA and of the 
purported investment opportunities. Defendant ROTHSTEIN purchased expensive real property, 
personal property, business interests, vessels, vehicles and other indicia of success and wealth. 
All in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1962(d). 
EFTA00729452
--- PAGE 50 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 14 of 36 
COUNT 2 
(Money Laundering Conspiracy, 18 U.S.C. §1956(h)) 
1. 
The General Allegations and paragraphs 5 through 40 of Count 1 of the Information 
arc realleged and incorporated herein by reference. 
2. 
TD Bank, N.A., (hereinafter referred to as TD Bank) was a commercial bank with 
branch offices in thirteen (13) states, including a branch office in Weston, Florida. The executive 
offices of TD Bank were located in Portland, Maine and Cherry Hill, New Jersey. Defendant 
ROTHSTEIN and RRA maintained approximately thirty-eight (38) bank accounts at TD Bank, 
which were utilized during the course of the "Ponzi" scheme. 
3. 
Gibraltar Private Bank and Trust (hereinafter referred to as Gibraltar Bank) was a 
commercial bank with seven (7) branch offices, including a branch office in Fort Lauderdale, 
Florida. Defendant ROTHSTEIN and RRA maintained at least four (4) bank accounts at Gibraltar 
Bank, which were utilized during the course of the "Ponzi" scheme. 
4. 
From in or about 2005 and continuing thereafter through in or about November 2009, 
in Broward County, in the Southern District of Florida and elsewhere, the defendant, 
SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN, 
did knowingly conspire, confederate, and agree with persons known and unknown to the United 
States Attorney, to commit offenses against the United States in violation of Title 18, United States 
Code, Sections 1956 and 1957, that is: 
i. to knowingly conduct and attempt to conduct financial transactions 
affecting interstate and foreign commerce, which involved the proceeds of a specified 
unlawful activity, that is, mail fraud and wire fraud, in violation of Title 18, United 
States Code, Sections 1341 and 1343, with the intent to promote the carrying on of 
said specified unlawful activities, and that while conducting and attempting to 
conduct such financial transactions knew that the property involved in the financial 
EFTA00729453
--- PAGE 51 ---
Case 0:09-cr•60331-JIC Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 15 of 36 
transaction represented the proceeds of some form of unlawful activity in violation 
of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1956(a)(1 XAXi); 
ii. to knowingly conduct and attempt to conduct financial transactions 
affecting interstate commerce and foreign commerce, which transactions involved 
the proceeds of specified unlawful activity, that is, mail fraud and wire fraud, in 
violation of Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1341 and 1343, knowing that the 
transactions were designed in whole or in part to conceal and disguise the nature, 
location, source, ownership, and control of the proceeds of specified unlawful 
activity, and that while conducting and attempting to conduct such financial 
transactions, knew that the property involved in the financial transactions represented 
the proceeds ofsome form of unlawful activity, in violation ofTitle 18, United States 
Code, Section 1956(aX1)(BXi); and 
iii. to knowingly engage and attempt to engage, in monetary transactions by, 
through or to a financial institution, affecting interstate and foreign commerce, in 
criminally derived property of a value greater than $10,000, which property having 
been derived from a specified unlawful activity, that is, mail fraud and wire fraud, 
in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1341 and 1343, in violation of 
Title I8, United States Code, Section 1957. 
All in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1956(h). 
COUNT 3 
(Mail and Wire Fraud Conspiracy, 18 U.S.C. §1349) 
1. 
The General Allegations and paragraphs 5 through 40 of Count I of the Information 
are realleged and incorporated herein by reference. 
2. 
From in or about 2005 and continuing thereafter through in or about November 2009, 
in Broward County, in the Southern District of Florida and elsewhere, the defendant, 
SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN, 
did knowingly combine, conspire, confederate, and agree with other persons known and unknown 
to the United States Attorney to commit offenses against the United States in violation of Title 18, 
United States Code, Sections 1341 and 1343, that is: 
EFTA00729454
--- PAGE 52 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 16 of 36 
i. to knowingly and with intent to defraud devise and intend to devise a 
scheme and artifice to defraud and to obtain money and property from others by 
means of materially false and fraudulent pretenses, representations, and promises, 
knowing that they were false and fraudulent when made, and causing to be delivered 
certain mall matter by any private and commercial interstate carrier, according to the 
directions thereon, for the purpose of executing the scheme, in violation of Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 1341 
ii. to knowingly and with intent to defraud devise and intend to devise a 
scheme and artifice to defraud and to obtain money and property from others by 
means of materially false and fraudulent pretenses, representations, and promises, 
knowing that they were false and fraudulent when made, and transmitting and 
causing to be transmitted by means of wire communications in interstate and foreign 
commerce, certain signs, signals and sounds, for the purpose of executing the 
scheme, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1343. 
THE PURPOSE AND OBJECT OF THE CONSPIRACY 
3. 
The purpose and object of the conspiracy was to enrich defendant ROTHSTEIN and 
his co-conspirators by illegally obtaining money from investors and converting the investors' money 
to their own use and benefit through the operation of the above-described "Ponzi" scheme. 
All in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1349. 
COUNTS 4 and 5 
(Wire Fraud, 18 U.S.C. §1343) 
1. 
The General Allegations and paragraphs 5 through 40 of Count 1 of the Information 
are realleged and incorporated herein by reference. 
2. 
On or about the dates enumerated as to each count below, at Broward and Miami-
Dade Counties, in the Southern District of Florida, and elsewhere, the defendant, 
SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN, 
did knowingly and with intent to defraud devise and intend to devise a scheme and artifice to defraud 
and to obtain money and property from others by means of materially false and fraudulent pretenses, 
EFTA00729455
--- PAGE 53 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-J1C Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 17 of 36 
representations, and promises, knowing that such pretenses, representations, and promises were false 
and fraudulent when made, and for the purpose of executing the scheme, transmitted and caused to 
be transmitted certain wire communications in interstate and foreign commerce, as more particularly 
described below: 
COUNT 
DATE 
WIRE COMMUNICATION 
December 2, 2008 
Interstate wire transfer sent from TD Bank to 
Gibraltar Bank 
October 16, 2009 
Interstate wire transfer sent to TD Bank from JP 
Morgan Chase 
All in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1343 and 2. 
FORFEITURE ALLEGATIONS 
1. 
The allegations of this Information are realleged and by this reference fully 
incorporated herein for the purpose of alleging forfeitures to the United States of America of certain 
property in which the defendant has an interest pursuant to 7(eX2) and 32.2(a), Federal Rules of 
Criminal Procedure. Forfeiture is being sought pursuant to the provisions of Title 18, united States 
Code, Sections 1963(a), 982(a) and 981(a)(1)(C), as made applicable hereto by Title 28, United 
States Code, Section 2461. 
2. 
Upon conviction of the offense of RICO Conspiracy set forth in Count 1 of the 
Information, the defendant, SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN, shall forfeit to the United States the 
following property: 
i. Any interest acquired or maintained pursuant to Section 1962; 
ii. Any interest in, security of, claim against, or property or 
contractual rights of any kind affording a source of influence over, the 
EFTA00729456
--- PAGE 54 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 18 of 36 
enterprise described in the Information which was established, 
operated, controlled and conducted pursuant to Title 18, United States 
Code, Section 1962; and 
iii. Any property constituting or derived from proceeds obtained 
directly and indirectly from racketeering activity pursuant to Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 1962. 
3. 
Upon conviction of the offense of Money Laundering Conspiracy set forth in Count 
of the Information, the defendant, SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN, shall forfeit to the United States all 
property, real or personal, involved in or traceable to the offense which property shall include: 
i. all money and other property that was the subject of each 
transaction, transportation, transmission and transfer in violation of 
Section 1956(h); 
ii. all commissions, fees and other property constituting proceeds obtained 
as a result of those violations; and 
iii. all property used in any manner and part to commit and to facilitate the 
commission of those violations. 
4. 
Upon conviction of the offense of Conspiracy to Commit Mail Fraud and Wire Fraud 
and to Commit Wire Fraud as set forth in Counts 3, 4, and 5 of the Information, the defendant, 
SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN, shall forfeit to the United States, all property, real or personal, which 
constitutes or is derived from proceeds traceable to the offense. 
5. 
The property subject to forfeiture, pursuant to Title 18, United States Code, Sections 
1963, 982(a)(1) and 981(a)(1)(C), includes but is not limited to: 
EFTA00729457
--- PAGE 55 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 19 of 36 
A. 
A sum of money equal to $1,200,000,000 in United States currency. 
B. 
Real Properties ("RI"): 
(RI'1) 2307 Castilla Isle, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, hereafter also referred to as "Defendant 
RP1," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and casements 
found therein or thereon, and is more particularly described as Lauderdale Shores 
Reamen Plat 15-31 B Lot 2 Blk 5 with a Folio Number of 5042 12 13 0210; 
(RP2) 2308 Castilla Isle, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, hereafter also referred to as "Defendant 
RP2," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and easements 
found therein or thereon, and is more particularly described as: Lauderdale Shores 
Reamen Plat 15-31 B Lot 2 Blk 4 with a Folio Number of 5042 12 13 0020; 
(RP3) 2316 Castilla Isle, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, hereafter also referred to as "Defendant 
RP3," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and easements 
found therein or thereon, and is more particularly described as: Lauderdale Shores 
Reamen Plat 15-31 B Lot 3 & Lot 4 W 1/2 Blk 4 with a Folio Number of 5042 12 13 
0030; 
(RP4) 30 Isla Bahia Drive, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, hereafter also referred to as "Defendant 
RP4," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and easements 
found therein or thereon, and is more particularly described as: Isla Bahia 47-27 B 
Lot 63 with a Folio Number of 5042 13 16 0640; 
(RP5) 29 Isla Bahia Drive, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, hereafter also referred to as "Defendant 
RP5," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and easements 
EFTA00729458
--- PAGE 56 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 20 of 36 
found therein or thereon, and is more particularly described as: Isla Bahia 47-27 B 
Lot 35 with a Folio Number of 5042 13 16 0360; 
(RP6) 350 SE r d Street, Unit 2840, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, hereafter also referred to as 
"Defendant RP6," includes that portion of the condominium, improvements, 
fixtures, attachments and easements found therein or thereon, and is more particularly 
described as: 350 Las Olas Place Condo Unit 2840 with a Folio Number of 5042 10 
AN 1490; 
(RP8) 2133 Imperial Point Drive, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, hereafter also referred to as 
"Defendant R138," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and 
easements found therein or thereon, and is more particularly described as: Imperial 
Point 1 Sec 53-44 B Lot 1 I Blic72 with a Folio Number of 4942 12 07 2020; 
(RP9) 2627 Castilla Isle, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, hereafter also referred to as "Defendant 
RP9," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and easements 
found therein or thereon, and is more particularly described as: Lauderdale Shores 
Reamem Plat 15-31 B Lot 22 Blk 5 with a Folio Number of 5042 12 13 0380; 
(RP10)10630 NW 141h Street, Apt. 110, Plantation, Florida, hereafter also referred to as 
"Defendant RP 10," includes that portion of the condominiumftownhome, 
improvements, fixtures, attachments and easements found therein or thereon, and is 
more particularly described as: OPTIMA VILLAGE 1-"C" CONDO UNIT 201 
BLDG 2 with a Folio Number of 4941 31 AC 0110; 
(RP11) 227 Garden Court, Lauderdale by the Sea, Florida, hereafter also referred to as 
"Defendant RP I I," includes that portion of the buildings, improvements, fixtures, 
EFTA00729459
--- PAGE 57 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 21 of 36 
attachments and casements found therein or thereon, and is more particularly 
described as: SILVER SHORES UNIT A 28-39 B POR of Lot 4, BLK 5 DESC AS 
TO BEG AT SE COR SAID LOT 4, N 79.37 W 37.75, S 79.37, E 35.75 TO POB 
AKA: UNIT E MARINA VILLAGE TOWNHOMES 227GARDEN with a Folio 
Number of 4943 18 24 0050; 
(RP12) 708 Spangler Boulevard, Bay 1, Hollywood, Florida, hereafter also referred to as 
"Defendant RP I 2," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and 
easements found therein or thereon, and is more particularly described as: HARBOR 
VIEW 10-5 B PORTION OF LOTS I & 2 BLK 2 DESC AS COMM 25 S OF NE 
COR OF LOT 2 ON E/L, W 20.52 ALG S/R/W/L OF ST RD 84, S 15.72 TO POB, 
S 7.25, E 12.59, S 24.40, W 29.92, N 7.66, W 31.74, N 24.00, E 49.07 TO POB 
AKA: BAY 1 PORTSIDE with a Folio Number of 5042 23 28 0010; 
(RP 13) 1012 East Broward Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, hereafter also referred to 
as "Defendant RP13," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments 
and easements found therein or thereon, and is more particularly described as: 
BEVERLY HEIGHTS 1-30 B LOT 1 W 100, LOT 2 W 100 BLK 17 with a Folio 
Number of 5042 11 07 0540; 
(RP14) 950 N Federal Highway, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, hereafter also referred to as 
"Defendant RP14," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and 
easements found therein or thereon, and is more particularly described as: 31-48-43 
S 150 OD FOL DESC, BEG INTER E R/W/L ST RD 5, N TO POB with a Folio 
Number of 4843 31 00 0401; 
EFTA00729460
--- PAGE 58 ---
Case 0:09-a-60331-JIC Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 22 of 36 
(RN 5) 350 Las Olas Boulevard, Commercial Unit 2, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, hereafter also 
referred to as "Defendant RP15," includes all portion of that condominium, 
improvements, fixtures, attachments and easements found therein or thereon, and is 
more particularly described as: 350 LAS OLAS PLACE COMM CONDO UNIT 
CU2 with a Folio Number of 5042 10 AP 0020; 
(R1316) 361 SE 9 Lane, Boca Raton, Florida hereafter also referred to as "Defendant RP 16," 
includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and easements found 
therein or thereon; 
(R917) 1198 N Old Dixie Highway, Boca Raton, Florida hereafter also referred to as 
"Defendant RP17," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and 
easements found therein or thereon; 
(tP18) 1299 N Federal Highway, Boca Raton, Florida hereafter also referred to as 
"Defendant RPI 8," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and 
easements found therein or thereon; 
(RP19) 151 East 58 Street, Apartment 42D, New York, New York hereafter also referred to 
as "Defendant RP I 9," includes all portion of that condominium, improvements, 
fixtures, attachments and easements found therein or thereon; 
(RP20) 11 Bluff Hill Cove Farm, Narragansett, Rhode Island hereafter also referred to as 
"Defendant RP20," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and 
easements found therein or thereon; 
EFTA00729461
--- PAGE 59 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on F LSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 23 of 36 
(RP21) 15 Bluff Hill Cove Farm, Narragansett, Rhode Island hereafter also referred to as 
"Defendant RP21," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and 
easements found therein or thereon; 
(RP22) 353 4 Ave., Unit 12-H, Brooklyn, NY hereafter also referred to as "Defendant 
RP22," includes all portion of that condominium, improvements, fixtures, 
attachments and easements found therein or thereon; 
(RP23) 290W 11th St ti1C,NY, NY hereafter also referred to as"Defendant RP23," includes 
all portionof that condominium, improvements, fixtures, attachments and easements 
found therein or thereon; and 
(RP24) Versace Mansion/Casa Casuarina-10% Ownership hereafter also referred to as 
"Defendant RP24," includes all buildings, improvements, fixtures, attachments and 
easements found therein or thereon; 
C. 
Vehicles and Vessels ("VV"): 
(VV I) 1990 Red Ferrari F40 Coupe, VIN: ZFFMN34A5L0087066; 
(VV2) 2009 White Bentley Convertible, VIN: SCBDR33W29C059672; 
(VV3) 2008 Yellow McLaren Mercedes Benz SLR, VIN: WDDA1C76F98M0017813; 
(VV4) 2007 Black Limousine Ford Expedition, VIN: IF liK15557LA59223; 
(VV5) 2009 Red Ferrari 430 Spider, VIN: ZFFEW59A380163011; 
(VV6) 2007 Silver Rolls Royce Convertible, VIN: SCA1L68557UX23044; 
(VV7) 2006 Silver Hummer HI, VIN: 137PH84396E220665; 
(VV8) 2008 Cadillac Escalade, VIN: lOYEC63858R234458; 
(VV9) 1967 Red Convertible Corvette, YIN: 194677S104745; 
EFTA00729462
--- PAGE 60 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-J1C Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12101/2009 Page 24 of 36 
(VVIO) 2009 Black Bugatti Veyron EB 16.4, VIN: VF9SA25C28M795153; 
(VVI 2)2008 Blue Rolls Royce Drophead Convertible, VIN: SCA2D68528UX 16071; 
(VV17) 2007 87' Warren, Hull # WAR87777B707; 
(VV18) 33' Aquariva, Hull # XPA33R740405; 
(VV19) 2009 I l' Yamaha Jet Ski, Hull If YAMA36611809; 
(VV20) 2009 11' Yamaha VS, Hull # YAMA36261809; 
(VV21) 2009 11' Yamaha VS, Hull NYAMA26796809; 
(VV22) 1999 55' Sea Ray 540 Sundancer, SERY001899; 
(VV23) 2009 Yamaha Jet Ski, Hull # YAMA4288K1109; and 
(VV 24) 2010 White Lamborghini 1p-670sv, VIN: ZHWBU8A1IXALA03837. 
II 
Tangibles ("T") 
(T I) 
304 pieces of jewelry•, watches, necklaces and earrings seized on or about Monday, 
November 9, 2009 from the residence of Scott and Kimberly Rothstein; 
(T2) 
DuPont Lighters seized on or about Monday, November 9, 2009 from the 
residence of Scott and Kimberly Rothstein; 
(T3) 
pieces sports memorabilia seized on or about Monday, November 9, 2009 from the 
residence of Scott and Kimberly Rothstein; 
(T4) 
$271,160 in United States currency seized on or about Monday, November 9, 2009 
from the residence of Scott and Kimberly Rothstein; 
(I'S) 
$1,500 in United States currency, seized on about Wednesday, November 4, 2009, 
from the office of Scott W. Rothstein at the law firm of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt and 
Adler, P.A.; 
EFTA00729463
--- PAGE 61 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on F LSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 25 of 36 
(T6) 
$30,000 in American Express Gift Cards to the attention of Scott Rothstein, obtained 
from UPS on or about November 12, 2009; 
(T7) 
$50,000 in American Express Gift Cards to the attention of Scott Rothstein, obtained 
from UPS on or about November 13, 2009; 
(T8) 
additional watches being voluntarily turned over to the United States; and 
(19) 
Guitar collection of Scott W. Rothstein, located at the residence of Scott and 
Kimberley Rothstein, valued between SI0,000 and $20,000. 
E. 
Bank Accounts ("BA") 
(BA1) Fidelity Investments Stock Account, in the name of Scott W. Rothstein, valued at 
approximately $1,263,780; 
(BA2) Gibraltar Bank account 50010085, in the approximate amount of $484,900.68; 
(BA3) Gibraltar Bank account 50010093, in the approximate amount of $53,448.51; 
(BA4) Gibraltar Bank account 50012053, in the approximate amount of $71,793.06; 
(BA5) Gibraltar Bank account 50015214, in the approximate amount of $995,521.42; 
(BAG) Bank account 178780211819923220000187 at Banque Populaire, Morocco, in the 
name of Scott Rothstein, in the approximate amount of $12,000,000; 
(BA7) Bank account at Banque Populaire, Morocco, in the name of Ahnick Khalid, up to 
the amount of $2,000,000; 
(HAS) Bank account at Banque Populaire, Morocco, in the name of Steve Caputi, up to the 
amount of $1,000,000; 
EFTA00729464
--- PAGE 62 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 26 of 36 
(BA9) Toronto Dominion Bank, N.A. account 6860291266 in the name of Rothstein 
Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A. which, on or about November 11, 2009, contained the 
approximate amount of $54,021.27; 
(BA10)Toronto Dominion Bank, N.A. account 6861011556 in the name of Rothstein 
Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A. which, on or about November 11, 2009, contained the 
approximate amount of $10,085.00; 
(BA11)Toronto Dominion Bank, N.A. account 6860420923 in the name of Rothstein 
Rosenfeldt Adler, P. A, Attorney Trust Account 3, which, on or about November 11, 
2009, contained the approximate amount of $720,892.08; 
(BA12)Toronto Dominion Bank, N.A. account 6860422200 in the name of DJB Financial 
Holding, which, on or about November 11, 2009, contained the approximate amount 
of $64,970.00; 
(BA13)Toronto Dominion Bank, N.A. account 6860755757 the name of RRA Sports and 
Entertainment LI.C, which, on or about November 11, 2009, contained the 
approximate amount of $10,490.10; 
(BA14)Toronto Dominion Bank, N.A. account 6860755781 in the name of RRA Goal Line 
Management, LLC, which, on or about November 11, 2009, contained the 
approximate amount of $25,216.27; 
(BAIS)Toronto Dominion Bank, N.A. account 6861077714 in the name of Rothstein 
Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A., which, on or about November 11, 2009, contained the 
approximate amount of $20,080.00. 
EFTA00729465
--- PAGE 63 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 27 of 36 
F. 
Business Interests ("BI") 
(B11) Stock certificates, if issued, or the beneficial interest in such shares, of 50,000 shares 
of capital stock, in Gibraltar Private Bank & Trust, a federally chartered stock 
savings association, purchased in or about September 2009 by GBPT, LLC, a 
Delaware Limited Liability Company, by its manager, Bahia Property Management, 
LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company, by its co-manager, Scott W. Rothstein; 
(Bt2) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in QTask; 
(BD) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in Broward Bank of Commerce; 
(BM) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in Bova Ristorante; 
(BI5) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in Bova Cucina; 
(B16) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in Bova Prime; 
(BI7) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in Cafe Iguana, Pembroke Pines, Florida; 
(B18) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in Cart Shield USA, LLC; 
(819) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in Renato Watches; 
(BI10) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in Edify LLC; 
(BM) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in V Georgio Vodka; 
(BI12) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in Sea Club; 
WI I3) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in North Star Mortgage; 
(B114) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in Kip Hunter Marketing; 
(BI15) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in RRA Sports and Entertainment, LLC; 
(BI16) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in Versace Mansion/Casa Casuarina, including 
year Operating Agreement with 2 ten year options; 
EFTA00729466
--- PAGE 64 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 28 of 36 
(BI17) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest, and licensing rights, in Alternative Biofticl 
Company; 
(BI18) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in RRA Goal Line Management; 
(8119) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in Iron Street Management, LLC; 
(B120) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in, and loan to, Africat Equity IG Decide; 
(3121) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in, and rents derived from 1198 Dixie LLC; 
(BI22) Scott W. Rothstein's equity interest in, and rents derived from 1299 Federal LLC; 
(8123) Promissory Note by Uniglobe in favor of Scott W. Rothstein; and 
(B124) All equity interest held by or on behalf of Scott W. Rothstein, in the following 
corporations and entities: 
a. 
Bahia LLC; 
b. 
235 GC LW; 
c. 
350 LOP#2840 LLC; 
d. 
353 BR LLC; 
e. 
10630 #110 LLC; 
f. 
708 Spangler u.,o, 
g. 
1012 Broward LLC; 
h. 
1198 Dixie LLC; 
1. 
1299 Federal LLC; 
j. 
2133 IP LLC; 
k. 
15158 LLC; 
I. 
AANG LLC; 
EFTA00729467
--- PAGE 65 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 29 of 36 
m. 
AAMG1 LLC; 
n. 
AAMM Holdings; 
0. 
ABT Investments LW; 
p. 
Advanced Solutions; 
q. 
Bahia Property Management LLC; 
r. 
Boat Management LLC; 
s. 
BOSM Holdings LLC; 
t. 
BOVA Prime LLC; 
u. 
BOVA Restaurant Group LLC; 
v. 
The BOVA Group LLC; 
w. 
BOVA Smoke LLC; 
x. 
BOVCU LLC; 
y. 
BOVRI LIZ; 
z. 
Broward Financial Holdings, Inc.; 
aa. 
C107 LLC; 
ab. 
CI08 LLC; 
ac. 
C116 LLC; 
ad. 
C127 LLC; 
ae. 
CSU LLC; 
at 
I) & D Management & Investment LLC; 
ag. 
D & S Management and Investment LLC; 
ah. 
DJB Financial Holdings LLC; 
EFTA00729468
--- PAGE 66 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 30 of 36 
ai. 
DYMMU LLC; 
aj. 
Full Circle Fort Lauderdale LLC; 
ak. 
Full Circle Trademark Holdings I AC; 
al. 
GHWI. LLC; 
am. 
IDNL GEAR LLC; 
an. 
ILK3 LLC; 
ao. 
IS Management LLC; 
ap. 
JRCL LLC; 
aq. 
Judah LLC; 
ar. 
Kendall Sports Bar; 
as. 
Kip Hunter Marketing LLC; 
at. 
NF Servicing LLC; 
au. 
NRI 11 LLC; 
ay. 
NRI 15 LLC; 
aw. 
NS Holdings LLC; 
ax. 
PRCH LLC; 
ay. 
PK Adventures LLC; 
az. 
PK's Wild Ride Ltd; 
ba. 
Rothstein Family Foundation; 
bb. 
RRA Consulting Inc.; 
bc. 
RRA Goal Line Management LLC; 
bd. 
RRA Sports and Entertainment LLC; 
EFTA00729469
--- PAGE 67 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 31 of 36 
be. 
RSA 116 Street LLC; 
bf. 
RW Collections LLC; 
bg. 
S & KEA LLC; 
bh. 
Scorh LLC; 
bi. 
Tipp LLC; 
bj. 
VOS LLC; 
bk. 
The Walter Family LLC; 
bl. 
Walter Industries LLC; 
bm. 
WPBRS LLC; 
bn. 
WAWW; 
bo. 
WAWW 2 LLC; 
bp. 
WAWW 3 LLC; 
bq. 
WAWW 4 LLC; 
br. 
WAWW 5 LLC; 
bs. 
WAWW 6 LLC; 
bt. 
WAWW 7 LLC; 
bu. 
WAWW 8 LLC; 
by. 
WAWW 9 LLC; 
bw. 
WAWW 10 LLC; 
bx. 
WAWW 11 LLC; 
by. 
WAWW 12 LLC; 
bz. 
WAWW 14 LLC; 
EFTA00729470
--- PAGE 68 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 32 of 36 
ca. 
WAWW 15 LLC; 
cb. 
WAWW 16 LLC; 
cc. 
WAWW 17 LLC; 
cd. 
WAWW 18 LLC; 
ce. 
WAWW 19 LLC; 
cf. 
WAWW 20 LLC; 
cg. 
WAWW 21 LLC; 
eh. 
WAWW 22 LLC; 
ci. 
JB Boca M Holdings LLC; 
and 
G. 
Contributions ("C"), hereinafter collectively referred to as "the defendant 
contributions:" 
(CI) 
$6,000 in campaign contributions made to Alex Sink and voluntarily offered, and 
turned over, to the United States on behalf of Alex Sink; 
(C2) 
$40,000 in campaign contributions to Republican Party of Florida, "Florida" account 
and voluntarily offered, and turned over, to the United States by the Republican Party 
of Florida; 
(C3) 
$10,000 in campaign contributions to Republican Party of Florida, "Federal" 
account and voluntarily offered, and turned over, to the United States by the 
Republican Party of Florida; 
(C4) 
$90,000 in campaign contributions to Republican Party of Florida and voluntarily 
offered, and turned over, to the United States by the Republican Party of Florida; 
EFTA00729471
--- PAGE 69 ---
Case 0:09-er-60331-J1C Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 33 of 36 
(CS) $5,000 in campaign contributions to Republican Party of Florida by Rothstein 
business entity known as WAWW and voluntarily offered, and turned over, to the 
United States by the Republican Party of Florida; 
(C6) 
$800,000 Charitable Donation to Joe DiMaggio Children's Hospital, which hospital 
voluntarily advised the United States of the donation from the Rothstein Family 
Foundation, for the purpose of facilitating forfeiture; 
(C7) 
$1,000,000 Charitable Donation to Holy Cross Hospital, which hospital voluntarily 
advised the United States of the donation from the Rothstein Family Foundation, for 
the purpose of facilitating forfeiture; 
(C8) $9,600 in campaign contributions to Governor Charlie Crist, voluntarily offered, and 
turned over, to the United States by the office of Charlie Criss; and 
(C9) All funds voluntarily turned over to the United States (IRS/FBI), since in or about 
October 28, 2009, in response to publicity regarding Scott W. Rothstein. 
6. 
If any of the property described above as being subject to forfeiture, as a result of any 
act and omission of the defendant - 
i. cannot be located upon the exercise of due diligence; 
ii. has been transferred or sold to, or deposited with, a third party; 
iii. has been placed beyond the jurisdiction of the court; 
iv. has been substantially diminished in value; or 
v. has been commingled with other property which cannot be divided without difficulty; 
it is the intent of the United States, pursuant to Title 18, United States Code, Section 1963(m), and 
pursuant to Title 21, United States Code, Section 853(p), made applicable hereto by Tide 18, United 
EFTA00729472
--- PAGE 70 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 34 of 36 
States Code, Section 982(b), and pursuant to Rule 32.2 Fed. R. Crim. P., to seek forfeiture of any 
other property of said defendant up to the value of the forfeitable property described above. 
All pursuant to Title 18, United States Code, Section 1963, Tide 18, United States Code, 
Section 982(a)(1) and Title 18, United States Code, Section 981(aXI)(C) made applicable through 
Title 28, United States Code, Section 2461; and the procedures outlined at Title 21, United States 
Code, Section 853. 
M
Me
ACTING UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
ASSISTANT UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
ASSIS ANT UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
ASSISTANT UN 
ATTORNEY 
EFTA00729473
--- PAGE 71 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 
STATES DI
CT cuitir 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
CASE NO. 
vs. 
SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN 
Defendant. 
Superseding Case Information: 
CERTIFICATE OF TRIAL ATTORNEY. 
Court Division: (Sava one) 
New Defendant(s) 
Yes .if___ 
_Mn 
Number of New Defendants 
Eli 
_ 
WPB 
FTP 
Miami _ 
Key West 
Total number of counts 
. 
_ 
I do hereby certify that: 
1. 
I have carefully considered the allegations of the indictment, the number of defendants, the number of 
probable witnesses and the legal complexities of the IndictmenVInformation attached hereto. 
2. 
I am aware that the Information supplied on this statement will be relied upon by the Judges of this 
Court in settin_g their calendars and scheduling criminal trials under the mandate of the Speedy TrialAct, 
Title 28 U.S.C. Section 3161. 
3. 
Interpreter 
(Yes or No) 
List language and/or dialect 
4. 
This case will take 
IL_ 
days for the parties to try. 
5. 
Please check appropriate category and type of offense listed below. 
(Check odor 0001 
(Check WI err( 
I 
to 5 days 
___X___ 
Petty 
II 
to 10 days 
Minor 
III 
to 20 days 
Misdem.
Felony
IV 
to 60 days 
V 
days and over 
6. 
Has this case been previously filed in this District Court? (Yes or No) 
_No__ 
If yes: 
Judge:  
Case No. 
(Attach copy of dispositive order) 
Has a complaint been filed in this matter? 
(Yes or No) 
No_.— 
If yes: 
Magistrate Case No. 
Related Miscellaneous numbers: 
Defendant(s) in federal custody as of 
Defendant(s) in state custody as of 
Rule 20 from the 
District of 
Is this a potential death penalty case? (Yes or No) 
No--
7. 
Does this case originate from a matter pending in the U.S. Attorney's Office prior to 
April 1, 2003? 
Yes 
S. 
No 
8. 
Does this case originate from a matter pending in the U. S. Attorney's Office prior to 
April 1, 1999? 
 Yes 
I_ 
No 
If yes, was it pending in the Central Region? 
_ 
Yes 
— 
No 
9. 
Does this case originate from a matter pending in the Northern Region of the U.S. Attorney's Office prior 
to October 14, 2003? 
— 
Yes 
X  No 
10. 
Does this case originate from a matter pending in the Narcotics Section (Miami) prior to 
May 18, 2003? 
— 
Yes 
__X— No 
11. 
Does this case originate from a matter pending in the Central Region of the V.S. Attorney's Office prior 
to September 1, 2007? 
Yes 
X 
No 
ASSISTA 
ES ATTORNEY 
Florida Rar No. 
EFTA00729474
--- PAGE 72 ---
Case 0:09-cr-60331-JIC Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/01/2009 Page 36 of 36 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
PENALTY SHEET 
Defendant's Name: SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN 
Count 11: 1 
U.S.C. § 1962(d); RICO Conspiracy; 
* Max.Penalty: 
years imprisonment, $250,000 fine 
Count #: 2 
U.S.C. § 1956(h); Conspiracy to Commit Money Laundering; 
• Max.Penalty: 
years imprisonment, $500,000 fine or twice the value of the property 
involved in the transaction. 
Count #: 3 
U.S.C. § 1349; Conspiracy to Commit Mail Fraud and Wire Fraud; 
* Max.Penalty: 
years imprisonment, $250,000 fine 
Counts #: 4-5 
U.S.C. §§ 2; 1343; Wire Fraud 
* Max.Penalty: 
years imprisonment, $250,000 fine 
*Refers only to possible term of incarceration, does not include possible fines, restitution, special 
assessments, parole terms, or forfeitures that may be applicable. 
EFTA00729475
--- PAGE 73 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
COMPLEX BUSINESS DIVISION 
CASE NO. 09 059301 
STUART A. ROSENFELDT, individually, 
and RCYl'HSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
a Florida Professional Service Corporation, 
Plaintiffs, 
v. 
SCOTT W. ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
Defendant. 
AMENDED COMPLAINT FOR DISSOLUTION 
AND FOR EMERGENCY TRANSFER OF CORPORATE POWERS TO STUART A. 
ROSENFELDT, OR, IN THE ALTERNATIVE, FOR APPOINTMENT OF A 
CUSTODIAN OR RECEIVER 
Plaintiffs, Stuart A. Rosenfeldt, individually, and Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A. 
(sometimes referred to as the "firm"), file this action against Scott W. Rothstein, and allege as 
follows: 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
It is with surprise and sorrow that the attorneys of Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A. have 
learned that Scott W. Rothstein, the managing partner and CEO of the firm, has, according to 
assertions of certain investors, allegedly orchestrated a substantial misappropriation of funds 
from investor trust accounts that made use of the law firm's name. The investment business 
created and operated by Mr. Rothstein centered around the sale of interests in structured 
settlements. Immediate judicial action is being sought to facilitate the investigation and 
EXHIBIT 
COFFBY B URLINOTON 
OFFICE In THE GROVE, PENTHOUSE 
2699 SOUTH BAYSHORE DRIVE 
MIAMI. FLORIDA 33133 
T: 305.858.2900 
F: 305.858.5261 
Email: infoecoffeyburlington.com 
www.coffeyburlIngton.com 
EFTA00729476
--- PAGE 74 ---
accounting of investor funds and to address the ongoing affairs of the firm in an appropriate 
manner through the transfer of all corporate powers to Stuart A. Rosenfeldt. Mr. Rosenfeldt, as 
the firm's President and only other equity holder in the firm besides Mr. Rothstein, is uniquely 
positioned to wind down the affairs of the firm, to account for all funds in the firm's trust 
accounts, and, most importantly, to protect the interests of the firm's clients. In the alternative, 
Plaintiffs 'request that the Court appoint Mr. Rosenfeldt as custodian of the firm during its 
dissolution or appoint a receiver. In the event that the Court appoints a receiver, there is no 
necessity for the receiver to assume any control of the firm's law practice because the dedicated 
attorneys and staff are continuing to assure that the interests of the firm's clients will remain 
paramount and will be fully protected. 
• Mr. Rosenfeldt and the firm have filed this action to minimize any further damage caused 
by Mr. Rothstein, to emphasize that the innocent attorneys and staff of the firm are not 
implicited in this controversy, and, most importantly, to protect the best interests of their clients. 
NATURE OF ACTION 
1. 
This is an action for judicial dissolution of the firm and an accounting pursuant to 
Florida Statutes Section 607.1430(3). Additionally, Plaintiffs seek transfer of all corporate 
powers to Plaintiff Rosenfeldt, or, in the alternative, the appointment of Plaintiff Rosenfeldt as 
custodian of the firm or the appointment of a receiver, pursuant to Florida Statutes Sections 
607.1431 and 607.1432. 
2. 
Plaintiff Rosenfeldt is the firm's president. He has the inherent authority to 
initiitethis emergency litigation. 
3. 
Defendant Rothstein is the firm's managing partner and CEO. Rothstein, a 
charismatic and talented lawyer, has controlled firm management, especially financial matters, 
C OFFEY BURLINGTON 
OFFICE IN THE. GROVE, PENTHOUSE 
2699 Soum BAYSHORE DRIVE 
MIAMI, FLORIDA 331 33 
T: 305.85 8.2900 
F: 305.858.5261 
Email: infoecoffeyburlington.com 
www.coffeyburlington.com 
EFTA00729477
--- PAGE 75 ---
and has not extended access to core financial matters and records to any other attorney at the 
firm. 
4. 
Plaintiff Rosenfeldt and Defendant Rothstein are the sole owners of the equity in 
the firm. 
5. 
The firm's principal office is located at 401 East Las Olas Blvd, Suite 1650, Fort 
Lauderdale, FL 33301. 
6. 
Venue properly lies with this Court because the firm's principal office is in 
Broward County. 
BACKGROUND AND GROUNDS FOR DISSOLUTION 
The Firm 
7. 
The firm was founded by Plaintiff Rosenfeldt and Defendant Rothstein in 2002. 
8. 
The firm's practice was originally focused on labor and employment law, but the 
firm grew rapidly and its practice areas expanded to include intellectual property, corporate law, 
mergers and acquisitions, real estate, criminal defense, class actions, mass torts and personal 
injury claims, among others. 
O. 
The firm currently has seven offices, with locations in Florida, New York, and 
Venezuela, and employs over 70 lawyers. 
10. 
The firm has an outstanding group of attorneys, staff members, including 
distinguished former judges, many of whom have statewide, even national reputations, for 
professional excellence. 
The Settlement Funding Scheme 
11. 
Firm lawyers learned in the past few days about irregularities surrounding a 
settlement funding business operated by Rothstein. The settlement funding business involved 
COFFEY BURLINGTON 
OFFICE IN THE GROVE. PENTHOUSE 
2.699 SOUTH BAYSHORE DRIVE 
MIAMI. FLORIDA 33 l 33 
T: 305.858.2900 F: 305.858.526 
Email: infoecotleyburlington.eom 
www.coffeyburlington.com 
EFTA00729478
--- PAGE 76 ---
the purchase of structured legal settlements and the sale of these settlements to investors. 
Various investors have informed the firm that they believe that substantial funds are not properly 
accounted for and are missing. A review of the firm's records undertaken over this past weekend 
indicates that various funds unrelated to the direct practice of law cannot be accounted for, 
circumstances suggesting that investor money may have been misused by Rothstein who 
controlled all such accounts. Some investors allege that Defendant Rothstein may have been 
fabricating non-existent structured legal settlements for sale to investors. 
12. 
Defendant Rothstein's allegedly improper activities were done without any 
knowledge of the other attorneys at the firm, and, in fact, Rothstein actively endeavored to hide 
the existence of the scheme. It was not until several days ago that Plaintiff Rosenfeldt or any of 
the other lawyers at the firm discovered some of the circumstances concerning Defendant 
Rothstein's actions and the alleged improprieties. 
b. 
The firm's attorneys still have extremely limited knowledge concerning the 
allegations, and yet, recognize the importance of proceeding expeditiously to undercover the 
truth. Thus, the emergency transfer of all corporate powers to Plaintiff Rosenfeldt, or, in the 
alternative, the emergency appointment of Plaintiff Rosenfeldt as the firm's custodian or the 
appointment of a receiver, is critical to undertake at least a preliminary inquiry concerning 
Defendant Rothstein's conduct, and to make appropriate recommendations to the Court 
concerning any further investigation. 
Misuse of the Investor Trust Accounts 
14. 
With respect to the settlement funding scenario, Plaintiffs only recently 
discoVered troubling information concerning Defendant Rothstein's investor trust accounts and 
details surrounding the transactions are still emerging. However, it appears that Defendant 
COFFEY BURLINGTON 
OFFICE IN THIS GROVE, PENTHOUSE 
2699 SOUTH BAYSHORE DRIVE 
MIAMI, FLORIDA 33133 
I': 305.858.2900 
P: 305.858.5261 
Email: infoecoffeyburlington.com 
www.coffeyburlington.com 
EFTA00729479
--- PAGE 77 ---
Rothstein may have transferred substantial sums out of the investor trust accounts, and that the 
emergency transfer of all corporate powers to Plaintiff Rosenfeldt, or, in the alternative, the 
emergency appointment of Plaintiff Rosenfeldt as the firm's custodian or the appointment of a 
receiver, is necessary to account for and, if appropriate, consider taking action to recover the 
missing investor trust account funds. 
Shareholder Deadlock 
15. 
Defendant Rothstein has declined to resign despite the asserted and substantial 
irregularities because he purports to hold a 50% share of the law firm. For this reason, among 
others; there is a substantial shareholder deadlock, making management of the firm as it currently 
stands impossible. 
COUNT I 
(DISSOLUTION) 
16. 
Plaintiffs adopt, incorporate, and reallege paragraphs 1-15. 
17. 
Under Florida Statute 607.1430, a circuit court may dissolve a corporation in a 
proceeding by a shareholder if the management of corporate affairs is deadlocked and irreparable 
injury to the corporation is threatened or being suffered. Additionally, a circuit court may 
dissolve a corporation having 35 or fewer shareholders if a sufficient showing is made with 
respect to improper or irregular conduct that materially injures the corporation. 
18. 
For the reasons stated herein, Plaintiffs have demonstrated these two grounds for 
dissolving the firm. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiffs demand judgment of dissolution and all other such remedies that the 
Court fords appropriate. 
COFFEY B URLINGTON 
ORRICE IN THE DROVE, PENTHOUSE 
2699 SOUTH BAYSHORE DRIVE 
MIAMI, FLORIDA 33133 
T: 305.858.2900 
F: 305.858.5261 
Email: infoecoffeyburlington.com 
www.coffeyburlington.com 
EFTA00729480
--- PAGE 78 ---
COUNT II 
(TRANSFER OF CORPORATE POWER TO PLAINTIFF ROSENFELDT) 
19. 
Plaintiffs adopt, incorporate, and reallege paragraphs 1-18. 
20. 
Florida Statute 607.1431(3) permits a court in dissolution proceedings to take any 
action required to preserve the corporate assets wherever located, and carry on the business of 
the corporation. 
21. 
For the reasons stated herein, Plaintiffs submit that the Court's exercise of this 
discretionary power is appropriate to transfer all corporate power over the firm to Plaintiff 
Rosenfeldt to effect the dissolution request in Count I, to perform an accounting of the firm's 
assets and liabilities, to undertake all actions necessary to uncover the extent of Defendant 
Rothstein's activities, to wind down the firm's client engagements, to appoint a chief 
restructuring officer and an inventory attorney pursuant to Florida Bar Rule 1-3.8, to institute 
federal bankruptcy proceedings or other related state law proceedings, to file assignments for the 
benefits of creditors, and to undertake all such other actions as may be necessary and appropriate 
under law. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiffs demand that the Court transfer all corporate power over the firm to 
Plaintiff Rosenfeldt. 
COUNT HI 
(IN THE ALTERNATIVE, APPOINTMENT OF 
PLAINTIFF ROSENFELDT AS CUSTODIAN OF THE FIRM) 
22. 
Plaintiffs adopt, incorporate, and reallege paragraphs 1-18. 
23. 
Florida Statutes 607.1431(3) and 607.1432 permit a circuit court in a judicial 
diqcolutiOn to appoint a custodian to manage the business and affairs of the dissolving 
corporation. 
COFFEY B ORLINGTON 
OFFICE IN THE GROVE, PENTHOUSE 
2699 SOUTH BAYSKORE DRIVE 
MIAMI, FLORIDA 33133 
T: 305.858.2900 
P: 305.858.5261 
Email: infoecoffeyburlingtoa.com 
www.coffeyburlington.com 
EFTA00729481
--- PAGE 79 ---
24. 
For the reasons stated herein, Plaintiffs request, in the alternative to Counts II and 
IV, that the Court appoint Plaintiff Rosenfeldt, the President of the firm and sole shareholder 
besides Defendant Rothstein, as custodian of the Firm to effect the dissolution requested in 
Count I, to perform an accounting of the firm's assets and liabilities, to undertake all actions 
necessary to uncover the extent of Defendant Rothstein's activities, to wind down the firm's 
client engagements, to appoint a chief restructuring officer and an inventory attorney pursuant to 
Florida Bar Rule 1-3.8, to institute federal bankuptcy proceedings or other related state law 
proceedings, to file assignments for the benefits of creditors, and to undertake all such other 
actions as may be necessary and appropriate under law. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiffs demand, in the alternative, that the Court appoint 
COUNT IV 
(IN THE ALTERNATIVE, APPOINTMENT OF A RECEIVER\ 
25. 
Plaintiffs adopt, incorporate, and reallege paragraphs 1-18. 
26. 
Florida Statutes 607.1431(3) and 607.1432 permit a circuit court in a judicial 
dissolution to appoint a receiver to wind up and liquidate the business and affairs of the 
dissolving corporation. 
27. 
For the reasons stated herein, Plaintiffs request, in the alternative to Counts If and 
III, that the Court appoint a receiver to effect the dissolution requested in Count I, perform an 
accounting of the firm's assets and liabilities, undertake all actions necessary to uncover the 
extent of Defendant Rothstein's activities, and to undertake all such other actions as may be 
necessary and appropriate under law. 
COFFEY BURLINGTON 
OFFICE IN THY. GROVE, PENTHOUSE 
2699 SOUTH BAYSHORY. DRIVH 
MIAMI, FLORIDA 33133 
T: 305.858.2900 
F: 305.858.5261 
Email: info@toffeyburlington.com 
www.coffeyburSingcon.com 
EFTA00729482
--- PAGE 80 ---
CONCLUSION 
28. 
Defendant Rothstein's conduct in connection with the settlement funding and the 
investor trust accounts appears at this point to be extensive. Dissolution and the emergency 
transfer of all corporate powers to Plaintiff Rosenfeldt, or, in the alternative, the emergency 
appointment of Plaintiff Rosenfeldt as the firm's custodian or the appointment of receiver, are 
critical to uncover the fall extent of Defendant Rothstein's activities, to consider any appropriate 
action to recover missing proceeds, to protect the fum's clients, and to preset ye, protect and 
review the firm's accounts and financial records.' 
Dated this 3rd day of November, 2009. 
Respectfully submitted, 
COFFEY BURLINGTON 
Counsel for Plaindffs 
2699 South Bayshore Drive, Penthouse 
Miami, Florida 33133 
(305) 858-2900 
B OS
I LLADNECIV
FEIN 
Florida Bar 
. 259861 
Annexed hereto as Exhibit A is an affidavit from Plaintiff Rosenfeldt attesting to the truthfulness 
of the allegations contained herein. 
COFFEY B URLINOTON 
OFFICE IN THE GROW., PENTHOUSE 
2699 SOUTH SAVSHORE DRIVE 
MIAMI- FLORIDA 33133 
T: 305.858.2900 
P: 305.858.5261 
Email: in foecoffeybu rlingion.coni 
www.coffeyburlington.com 
EFTA00729483
--- PAGE 81 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that on this 3rd day of November, 2009, with the agreement and consent of 
Defendant Scott W. Rothstein's counsel, Mark Nurik Es , a true and correct copy of the above 
and foregoing was served via email on Mr. Nurik, at 
This 3rd day of November, 2009. 
M.P 
ICSAM 
COFFEY B 1./RLINGTON 
OFFICE IN THE GROVE, PENTHOUSE 
2699 SOUTH BAYSHORE DRIVE 
MIAMI, FLORIDA 33133 
T: 305.858.2900 
F: 305.858.5261 
Email: infoecoffeyburlington.com 
www.coffeyburlington.com 
EFTA00729484
--- PAGE 82 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. UNDER SEAL -CIV.MARRA 
EDWARD MORSE and CAROL 
MORSE, 
Plaintiffs, 
VS. 
JAN JONES INTERNATIONAL, 
INC. afkia ICON BY JAN JONES, 
De&indent. 
ORDER ON PLAINTIFFS' ORE TENUS 
MOTION TO SEIZE FURTHER ASSETS AND FOR OTHER RELIEF 
This cause came before the Court at hearing on March 17, IS, 19 & 20 2009, upon 
plaintiffs', EDWARD MORSE and CAROL MORSE (collectively "MORSE"), ore lends 
Motion to Seize Further Assets and ore Nina and subsequent written motions for other relief. 
The Court has carefully considered the oral argument of counsel, considered the evidence and 
witnesses presented at the hearings and being otherwise fully advised in the premises; 
The COURT FINDS AND ORDERS AS FOLLOWS: 
I. Defendant. JAN JONES INTERNATIONAL, INC. itilt/a. ICON BY JAN JONES and any 
and all other companies antVot other entities owned or controlled by JONES (`IONES"), 
are liable for compensatory damages to MORSE in an amount in excess of 
$2.000.000.00: 
Thal JONES is liable to MORSE for punitive damages for fraud, in,the amount of 
21,000,000.00 modified from prior order of this court finding liability of $3,000,000.00 
in punitive dnmaget: 
Page I of 6 
EXHIBrr g 
EFTA00729485
--- PAGE 83 ---
3. The Court specifically finds that JONES' flagrant fraudulent activity as demonstrated by 
clear and convincing evidence by counsel for Morse provides sufficient legal basis for an 
award of such punitive damages. The record on this matter shall be scaled but the record 
upon which this Court has relied shall be attached hereto for appellate purposes; 
4. Thai there is currently in excess of SI0,000,000.00 of finds clearly belonging to JONES 
frozen in various banks in South Florida pursuant to prior orders of this and other courts; 
5. That these funds are not to be moved under any circumstances absent further order of this 
Court. That movement of these funds shall be punishable by civil and criminal penalties; 
6. That these funds are specifically being held, pursuant to order of this Court, to fund the 
award of damages to MORSE; 
7. That these courts have jurisdiction to order same; 
8. That in addition to the funds set forth in paragraph 4 above, based upon clear and 
convincing evidence presented by counsel for MORSE and counsel's expert witnesses, 
JONES has illegally moved funds from the United States to the Cayman islands in 
violation of federal law. for the purpose of secreting these assets; 
9. That the IRS has provided competent testimony in this regard clearly establishing 
ownership of these funds by JONES and clearly establishing a partial right of entitlement 
by the IRS to a portion of these funds. Such liability shall be less than S5,000,000.00; 
10. That this Court has jurisdiction over said assets as they originated in the United States; 
11. That the treaties between the United States and the Cayman islands and related 
governments clearly establishes the right of the United States to seize such assets. That 
counsel for MORSE has facilitated the contact between the relative governments and as a 
Page 2 of 6 
EFTA00729486
--- PAGE 84 ---
result,. this Court has received clear and convincing evidence that such funds will be 
immediately transferred to the United States; 
12. That the Clerk of Court is hereby directed to immediately submit the proper 
documentation to the appropriate bank of the Cayman Islands to facilitate immediate 
transfer of these funds. That any issue arising from such transfer shall be immediately 
reported to this Court; 
13. That the evidence presented by counsel for JONES was inadequate to overcome the 
findings made by this court based upon the evidence presented by counsel for MORSE. 
That counsel for JONES is hereby is found to have acted in contumacious disregard for 
prior orders of this and other courts and thus, is found to be in contempt thereof Further 
order regarding same shall follow the evidentiary hearing in this regard to be set by this 
Court 
14. That MORSE shall be entitled to one-third of any monies collected from counsel for 
JONES pursuant to said contempt order, if monies arc assessed: 
IS. That this Court has entered an order freezing said assets and has the authority to do so; 
16. That JONES' counsel's arguments that this Court lacks such jurisdiction is without merit 
and frivolous; 
17. That the presentation of such evidence by counsel for JONES demonstrates a lack of a 
good faith basis to prevent same in violation of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure, 1 I: 
IS. That MORSE has demonstrated by clear and convincing evidence, ownership of these 
funds by JONES, that said funds are hereby frozen and not subject to any activity by 
JONES or any agent of JONES whether situated here or in the United States: 
Page 3 of 6 
EFTA00729487
--- PAGE 85 ---
19. That these funds shall be frozen for the purpose of satisfying the judgment of this Court 
against JONES and in MORSE's favor; 
2a That MORSE shall be required to deposit to their attorney's trust account the sum of 
515,000,000 00 no later than 10:00 a.m. tomorrow morning, the 20th day of March, 2009, 
to secure JONI•;S in the event of an illegal seizure of said funds. If such funds arc not so 
posted, this order shall be null and void in its entirety and the case shall proceed 
according to further order of this Court; 
21. That counsel for MORSE shall appear before this Court and testify, under oath. as to his 
receipt of these funds, under penalty of perjury and subject to action by the Florida Bar; 
22. That based upon argument and representations of MORSE's counsel, made under oath, 
MORSE is suffering from significant financial distress due to the economy and that such 
a posting could cause severe and irreparable harm to MORSE; thus, as swiftly n 
possible, in a manner that does not interfere with the mission of the federal agencies now 
herewith involved, however, with the full and unfettered cooperation of the federal 
agencies now Involved in this matter, following the posting by Morse of SI 5,000,000.00 
associated with the seizure of the funds located in the Caymans. all other bond amounts 
shall be returned to MORSE as follows: $15,000,000.00 previously posted by MORSE, 
S4.118,757.00 previously posted by MORSE, and the $18,500,000.00 posted in two 
separate postings by MORSE. MORSE's counsel shall act as liason between his clients 
and the federal agencies to expedite return of tho funds. Should there be any unnecessary 
delay in such return of funds, Counsel for MORSE shall appear before this Court on an 
emergency basis to seek whatever assistance is required, and such assistance shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. The Clerk of the Courts is ordered to take all steps necessary to 
Page 4 of 6 
EFTA00729488
--- PAGE 86 ---
assist touristl in expediting return of the funds to MORSE in a timely and expedited 
fashion; 
25. Further, within three (3) business days of the Clerk's receipt of said funds herewith being 
trarnfcrred from the Cayman Islands in compliance with this order, said amount being 
approximately 520,000,000.00, shall notify this Court of same so that this Court can issue 
an order as to the division of said funds. Within five (5) business days of such order 
dividing same, that portion belonging to MORSE shall be delivered to them via their 
counsel; 
24. The Court finds that JONES has waived its tight to appeal the order of interest and 
penalties based upon the doctrine of fraud in the inducement. The court finds that JONES 
is not entitled to equitable relief of any kind based upon the fact the doctrine that he who 
seeks equity must do equity. JONES has unclean hands and thus can not recover 
anything from MORSE: 
25. That this Court has jurisdiction over the Court currently hearing the matter known as 
MIZNE14, referred to in the Court record by number and hereafter referred to as 
26. That this Court orders the Court below (MIZNER) to release any and all bond funds held 
pursuant to prior order of that court within three (3) business days of the entry of this 
order. Counsel for MORSE shall facilitate same and insure that same occurs. Should 
there be a delay, counsel for MORSE shall appear before this Court on an emergency 
basis and seek whatever assistance is needed to achieve the established objectives. 
27. Counsel for the panics are instructed to insure that all deadlines in this Order are satisfied 
in a timely fashion, subject to further order of this Court; 
Page 5 of 6 
EFTA00729489
--- PAGE 87 ---
28. That both the Federal Court of the Southern District of Florida and this Court have 
concurrent jurisdiction over these matters and same may be enforced in either venue; and 
29. That pursuant to the Bank Secrecy Act as amended on October 2I, 2008, The freedom of 
Information Act, The United States Patriot Act II, The Currency and Foreign Transaction 
Repotting Act of 1970 as amended on November 11, 2006, 1.1SC 5311.5300, the USA 
Patriot Act, Title III and the judgment of this Court based upon information received 
under oath, this Order, the facts of and amounts contained herein, the findings hereof, and 
any and all other matters surrounding same shall be held in strict confidence so as not to 
jeopardize any potential investigation by the appropriate governmental agencies. 
Violation of this portion of this order shall result in civil and criminal penalties. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 
25th day of March , 2009. 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States thstlict Judge 
Copies to: 
All counsel of record 
IRS, Plantation Office 
FBI, Miami Office 
• 
Page 6 of 6 
EFTA00729490
--- PAGE 88 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. UNDER SEAL -UV-MARRA 
EDWARD MORSE and CAROL 
MORSE. 
Plaintiffs, 
vs. 
JAN JONES INTERNATIONAL, 
INC. afltia ICON BY JAN JONES, 
Defendam. 
ZTIPULATED CONFIDENTIALITY ORDER 
I. On March 24, 2009, this Court entered a detailed Order with regard to its Final Findings 
in this matter ("Final Order"). 
2. As a direct result of the nature of a significant amount of the evidence presented to this 
Court prior to the Court entering its Final Order, and as a result of the contents of that 
Final Order, this Court has made a determination that the Final Order itself as well as the 
evidence leading to same shall be sealed and shall remain confidential, in perpetuity, 
unless otherwise ordered by this Court or another court of competent jurisdiction as 
detailed in this Confidentiality Order. 
3. All parties to this matter, including all witnesses thereto, are hereby bound by this 
Confidentiality Order. 
4. Any failure to comply with this Confidentiality Order by any party or witness shall result 
in set ere consequences. including, without limitation, civil and criminal penalties. 
Piktit 01 I -; 
EFTA00729491
--- PAGE 89 ---
Any breach of this Confidentiality Order must be reported w the Court, immediately by 
the discovering party. Failure to so report same shall result in sever.- consequences, 
including, without limitation, civil and criminal penalties. 
6. The Final Order of this court dated March 24. 2009 shall be made a part hereof, and shall 
be incorporated by reference herein. 
7. Any failure to comply with this Confidentiality Order or Final Order, must be reported to 
this court, under seal, and such non compliance shall result in severe consequences to the 
breaching party. 
8. All information relating this Court's Final Order to which any party is given access or 
which is made available to any party is hereinafter referred to as "Confidential 
Information." Confidential Information shall include, without limitation, all methods and 
systems used in this case, names and addresses of customers, technical memoranda, 
research reports, investigative reports, analyses of any part of this case, all data, 
documents, and technology, contracts, depositions, notes of depositions, clients notes, 
clients diaries, lawyers notes, court notes, court orders preceding this order, pleading, all 
discovery, all email or other electronic communications between any and all parties, 
witnesses, lawyers, and/or other participating in any way in this matter, proprietary 
information, historical and projected financial information• acts of fraud, information 
relating to transfer of funds fraudulent or otherwise. posting of bonds, return of bonds. 
attorneys fees. operating data and organizational structures, now or hereafter existing or 
previously developed or acquired. regardless of whether any such information. data or 
documents quali6, as -trade secrets'• under applicable law, any and all other information 
related to this or any other related matter (collectively, the -Confidential Information") 
Page 2 of i 5 
EFTA00729492
--- PAGE 90 ---
Because the secrecy of the Confidential Information is critical co this court and its further 
proceedings which shall also remain confidential until brought public, the parties and 
witnesses hereto acknowledge and agree that the Confidential Information shall, at all 
times, be kept in strict confidence by the party and/or witness and same shall not, directly 
or indirectly, during or after the entry of this order and its execution, except as required 
by law, with the prior written consent of this court, (a) disclose to any person or entity 
any Confidential Information without the express written consent of this court which may 
be withheld in its sole discretion, or (b) use any Confidential Information for the parties 
own benefit or any other purposes, for the benefit or purposes of any other person or 
entity or in any manner, whatsoever. If the party or witness is required in any civil or 
criminal legal proceeding, regulatory proceeding or any similar process to disclose any 
part of the Confidential Information, such party shall give prompt notice of such request 
to the Court and the Court shall enter an order as it deems appropriate. Nothing shall be 
disclosed without same. 
9. All Confidential Information, including, without limitation, all copies of all documents 
and other materials which the parties have received or reviewed or otherwise have 
knowledge of, shall, at all times, be kept in strict confidence by the party. 
10. The parties have been advised and fully understand the heightened confidentiality 
requirements relative to this matter, including, among other things, the legal obligations 
of lawyers to maintain their confidentiality obligations to clients and the parties legal 
obligation to maintain the confidentiality set forth in this order. Clients are restricted from 
discusSing this matter with any individual or entity other than their respective counsel of 
record in this matter. The parties have indicated that they . as a result of this action. ha% e 
Page 3 of I 5 
EFTA00729493
--- PAGE 91 ---
access to certain Confidential infomiation as defined herein. By execution of this order, 
the parties recognize, acknowledge and confirm their understanding of the confidential 
mute of the Confidential Information and the damage that would result if any of the 
Confidential Information is disclosed to any Person and the parties understand their 
obligation to this court and the fact that this court has jurisdiction over them upon 
execution of this document by their consent thereto. 
11. Further, because disclosure of any Confidential information as defined herein would 
result in severe damage as contemplated by this Court, which would be difficult to 
quantify, the parties agree that liquidated damages would be a reasonable basis to 
calculate civil damages caused by a breach and that damages of $1,000,000.00 per each 
incident of disclosure of Confidential Information by the patties and/or their 
representatives is agreed to under this Confidentiality Order. Such liquidated damages 
shall not prevent this Court from assessing additional damages and from moving forward 
in a criminal proceeding against the party so breaching this Confidentiality Order. 
12. Each party hereby represents and warrants that they are not bound by the terms of a 
confidentiality agreement or other agreement with any third party that would conflict 
with any of the parties' obligations under this Confidentiality Order. 
13. The Parties stipulate that this Stipulated Confidentiality Order is intended to strictly limit 
and prevent disclosure of information and production of documents compromising the 
Confidential Information set forth herein and in the Final Order dated March 24 2009. 
14. It is further acknowledged that each party may be held responsible for any failure on his 
or her part to comply with the provisions of the Confidentiality Order, and agrees to 
Page 4 of I 
EFTA00729494
--- PAGE 92 ---
subject turasell or herself to the jurisdiction of this court for the purpose of enforcing this 
Confidentiality Order. 
15. The restrictions set forth in this Confidentiality Order shall apply to any and all 
documents or other information, whatsoever, designated as "CONFIDENTIAL" by this 
Court. All information shall be deemed confidential and the parties agree to exercise 
extreme discretion in protecting same. The Court hereby warns all parties hereto to err on 
the side of protecting such data. Violation of this order will be dealt with immediately 
and subject the violator to severe sanctions and penalties. 
16. This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective agents, 
successors and assigns, and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective 
successors and assigns. 
17. The parties warrant to each other that they each have full power and authority to execute 
this Agreement for and on behalf of themselves and/or their respective companies. 
Parties. as used herein, shall include all persons executing this document as well as their 
representatives, agents and assigns. 
18. Each party placing their signature hereon makes the following attestation: 
I Certify and acknowledge, under penalty of perjury, that I have received a copy of the 
Stipulated Confidentiality Order (the "Confidentiality Order") which governs the 
production and use of confidential documents and information produced by the 
Parties (as defined in the Order) or third parties in this case. I have read and 
understand the Order and I hereby acknowledge that I am bound by it and agree to 
abide by it. I Maher understand that inibrmation designated as "CONFIDENTIAL" 
in this case. and any notes, memoranda or other form of information derived from it. 
Page 5 of IS 
EFTA00729495
--- PAGE 93 ---
may nor be used, copied or disclosed by IPX to anyone else except in strict accordance 
with the order and then only for the prosecution and defense of this litigation upon 
proper court order. 
'SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGESi 
Page 6 of IS 
EFTA00729496
--- PAGE 94 ---
EDWARD I. MORSE 
STATE 
 } 
COUNTY 
11-1,c-/v-,s,j-t ) 
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, personally appeared EDWARD J. MORSE who, after 
being duly sworn according to law, deposes and says that he has read the foregoing document and that it is 
uue and correct under penalty of perjury. 
may,
SWORN AND SUBSCRIBED before roe chi/ 7 
ft
day o
ce-Cd2C49.
,1
E
ll A :. 
• 
(Signe. of Nasty Palk) 
... • 
_ „. . 
I
NIL' 
PC" 
_,..,?: ^ LA.. -; fr..— . .
- . 
(Prim. Type. or Stan 
Mn, L ed Now otter ry Isibt I 
camas DAOUST 
. 
Wary Palk - Sma of 
• 1 it Comdata Expires Mai, 2012 
Connissko II DO 76647D.
BoxleillniSflakrsiNcOryAsen: 
COMMISSION NUMBERIPAPMATIONSEAL 
Pauc 7 of I 3 
EFTA00729497
--- PAGE 95 ---
United States Court of Appeals, 
Eleventh Circuit. 
Under Sca]-Civ-Marra. 
EDWARD MORSE and CAROL MORSE, Plaintiffs-Appellants, 
v. 
JAN JONES INTERNATIONAL, INC. a/k/a ICON BY JAN JONES, Defendant-Appellee. 
In re EDWARD MORSE and CAROL MORSE, Petitioners. 
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida (Under Seal-
Civ-Mana), Kenneth A. Marra, Judge. 
PETITIONERS' MOTION FOR EMERGENCY WRIT OF MANDAMUS 
Petitioners, EDWARD MORSE and CAROL MORSE, by and through their undersigned 
counsel, file this, their Motion for Emergency Writ of Mandamus and would state as follows: 
1. 
This matter is before this Honorable Court on an Emergency Writ of Mandamus. 
2. 
This matter and the entire file below have been presented to the court as SEALED 
pursuant to prior order of the Court below. 
3. 
This matter is pending before the Honorable United States District Court Judge, 
Kenneth Marra. 
4. 
On March 25, 20O9 and on April 23, 2009, Judge Marra entered detailed orders 
in this matter, copies of which are attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 
5. 
As set forth in the Orders, Judge Man ordered that certain specific acts take 
place on certain specific dates. Many of these acts involved return of a large sum of money to the 
Plaintiffs. 
ROTHSTEIN ROSEATELOT Anwi 
LAS OW City Centre, 401E. Las Ohs Bouleyard, Suite 1650, Fors Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
EFTA00729498
--- PAGE 96 ---
6. 
Upon receipt of the orders, the undersigned began to put into place all actions 
necessary to timely comply with said orders. 
7. 
In hearings held subsequent to the entry of these orders, it became abundantly 
clear to the undersigned that Judge Marra was in some way uncomfortable with his orders and 
was either staying the orders or reversing his prior decisions by vacating the orders. 
8. 
However, despite continuous inquiry by the undersigned, counsel was unable to 
determine what Judge Marra intended to do and how he intended to proceed. 
9. 
A thorough review of the record below which is available to this Court under seal 
clearly indicates that the undersigned, as counsel for the plaintiff had significant basis for 
concern based upon comments and ore tenus rulings made by Judge Marra in the court below. 
10. 
Most importantly, as can be seen by the sealed record now before this court, when 
the undersigned specifically inquired of the Court as to whether he was permitted to move 
forward with the orders entered on March 256 and April 23r° , the courts responses to the 
undersigned are non-descriptive and completely without guidance at best. 
11. 
When the undersigned inquired of the court below further and specifically asked 
the court whether the orders were stayed, vacated, reversed or in full force and effect, the court 
clearly replied that the court believes it had made itself clear. 
12. 
Not wanting to violate a court order of a respected district court judge, the 
undersigned determined that the only course of conduct remaining in order to protect his clients' 
rights was to file an Emergency Writ of Mandamus with this court 
13. 
It is the position of the Plaintiffs that they have a clear and unwavering legal right 
to the relief awarded them in the courts orders as set forth herein. 
ROTHSTEIN R OSENFEI DT /WI ER 
Las Ohs City Centre, 401E. Las ()las Bookvant. Suite 1650, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 3330 k 
EFTA00729499
--- PAGE 97 ---
14. 
Moreover, it is without doubt that the undersigned had every right to be concerned 
with the ore taws rulings of the court below which post dated the orders in question. 
15. 
As an officer of the court, the undersigned has a direct responsibility to zealously 
protect the rights of his client. And, as an officer of the court, the undersigned has a direct 
responsibility to fully and completely obey the orders of court and when, he is given reason to 
doubt the efficacy of subsequent orders of court that appear to taint the order in question, to 
attempt to ascertain the validity of said order. That is exactly what the undersigned has done 
here. 
16. 
Upon determining that the validity of the orders in question were in doubt, and 
upon determining that he could not proceed without further order of a higher court, this 
Emergency Writ was filed. 
17. 
Plaintiffs have a clear legal right to the relief specifically set forth in the orders in 
question. 
18. 
The court below bad an indisputable duty to act but failed to do so and failed to 
given the undersigned any guidance. 
•
19. 
At this stage in the proceedings, the Plaintiffs have no other remedy at law other 
than this Writ. 
20. 
If this writ is not entered in Plaintiffs favor, the Plaintiffs will suffer unfair 
prejudice as a matter of law. 
Dated this 
day of 
2009. 
ROTIISMN ROSEN FELITI ABLER 
Us Olas City Centre, 401E Las Ohs BoukevarcL Suite 1650, Fon Lauderdale. Florida 33301 
EFTA00729500
--- PAGE 98 ---
Respectfully submitted, 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELOT ADLER 
Counsel for Petitioners 
Las Olas City Centre 
401 E. Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Tel: 
(954) 522-3456 
Fax: 
(954)527-8663 
Email: 
. Rotticnin, Esq. 
Florida Bar No.: 765880 
FOR THE FIRM 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Las Olas City Cenire, 401E. Las Ohs Boulevard, Suite 16.50. Fon Lauderdale, Honda 43301 
EFTA00729501
--- PAGE 99 ---
United States Court of Appeals, 
Eleventh Circuit. 
Under Seal-Civ-Marra. 
EDWARD MORSE arid CAROL MORSE, Plaintiffs-Appellants, 
v. 
JAN JONES INTERNATIONAL, [NC. a/k/a ICON BY JAN JONES, Defendant-
Appellee. 
In re EDWARD MORSE and CAROL MORSE, Petitioners. 
August 13, 2009. 
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida (Under 
Seal•Civ-Marra), Kenneth A. Marra, Judge. 
On Petition for Writ of Mandamus. 
Before Susan H. Black, Circuit Judge: 
ORDER ON EMERGENCY WRIT OF MANDAMUS 
Having reviewed the sealed court file as provided by the Clerk of the Court below 
(Judge Marra), and having heard argument of counsel in closed proceedings to maintain 
the integrity of the confidentiality order issued in this matter by the Court below, as well 
as having heard directly from Judge Marra and Judge Gerber, we find as follows: 
Findings of Fact 
1. 
The Court below entered orders on March 25, 2009 and April 23, 2009, 
specifying that certain specific acts were to take place on certain specific dais. Many of 
these actions involved return of fluids rightfully belonging to the Piaintiffs. 
EFTA00729502
--- PAGE 100 ---
2. 
Subsequent to the entry of same, Judge Marra, despite his rulings to the 
contrary, made multiple ore tenus rulings on the record which gave counsel for Plaintiff 
clear room for pause in following said orders. 
3. 
In multiple subsequent hearings, Plaintiffs counsel clearly attempted to 
ascertain whether the orders stood as entered or whether they had been reversed or 
stayed. Based upon our full and complete review of the record it became clear that Judge 
Marra had no intention of proceeding as he previously ordered and was either reversing 
or staying his prior orders as set forth above. Whichever his intention is not for this Court 
to decide. We simply review this matter as it is presented to us, to wit: lawful orders were 
entered and then vacated or stayed for no clear and convincing reason and without a 
stated basis in law or fact. We make no finding whether Judge Marra was correct in his 
conclusion, but simply that the record lacked the thoroughness and completeness that is 
mandated when reversing orders of this magnitude. 
4. 
Thus, we find that counsel for Plaintiff properly and timely filed a sealed 
Emergency Writ of Mandamus with this Court in an attempt to properly protect his 
clients rights under the order. 
Conclusions of Law 
1. 
This Court has jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to the laws 
controlling Writs of Mandamus 
2. 
This matter is properly before this court 
3. 
The findings of Judge Marta in the court below, in the orders dated March 
and April 23, 2009, are well based in fact and law. 
EFTA00729503
--- PAGE 101 ---
4. 
The subsequent ore tenus rulings of Judge Marra are without basis in law 
or fact. 
5. 
The subsequent ore terms rulings by Judge Marra fail to provide a 
sufficient record, as mandated by the rules of court, to allow this court to enter a ruling as 
to whether Judge Marra had the legal right to stay or reverse his prior order. 
6. 
Plaintiffs writ of mandamus is legally sufficient to allow this court to 
rule in full on all matters pending before it. 
Thus, we as a Court with jurisdiction over this matter find as follows. 
7. 
Judge Marra's prior orders are hereby reinstated and remain in full force 
and effect. To the extent that the later order conflicts with the earlier order, the later order 
shall prevail and control. 
8. 
Judge Marra's concerns regarding protection of the Governments role in 
this matter are well founded in both law and fact. We specifically defer further comment 
on this portion of this matter to maintain the integrity of the governments investigation. 
9. 
As a matter of procedure we note that a confidentiality order remains in 
full force and effect in this matter. We specifically mandate that our rulings herein shall 
have no effect, whatsoever, on said order and that same shall remain in full force and 
effect in perpetuity. We again strongly caution all counsel and mandate that they caution 
and counsel their respective clients that this matter is governed by a strict confidentiality 
order that this court hereby holds shall remain in full force and effect and which this court 
strongly cautions, contains severe penalties for any violation of sane. 
EFTA00729504
--- PAGE 102 ---
10. 
This order and the complete sealed record shall be forwarded to the 
Department of Treasury, forthwith. The clerk of this court is ordered to expedite same. 
Sealed instructions shall be provided by this court to the Clerk 
11. 
The Department of Treasury is ordered to expeditiously review the 
materials and then, upon completion of same, shall immediately send a letter to this court 
advising that such review is complete and that they require nothing further from this 
court. Upon receipt of same, the clerk of this court shall advise Plaintiffs counsel that his 
Writ has been granted in full and that he is free to comply fully and completely with 
Judge Marra's orders. A copy of this order shall then be provided to all counsel of record. 
12. 
This order shall not be famished to any counsel of record until such time 
as the Department of Treasury has completed its review of the sealed record and has 
forwarded said letter as mandated above this court This order is self executing and thus, 
nothing need be brought back before this court on any of these issues. 
13. 
Plaintiffs have a clear legal right to the remedies they are seeking. 
14. 
The court below had an indisputable duty to act but failed to to do so. 
15. 
The plaintiffs have no other remedy available to them in law or equity. 
16. 
If this court does not act, the plaintiffs will suffer irreparable harm and 
unfair prejudice. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers, at Atlanta, Georgia, this 
 day of 
August, 2009. 
ni.ed States 
914 Court Judge 
United States Court of Appeals 
Eleventh Circuit 
Copies to: 
IRS, Plantation Office 
EFTA00729505
--- PAGE 103 ---
FBI, Miami Office 
U.S. Dept of Treasury, Washington, D.C. 
Clerk of Court, United States District Court 
EFTA00729506

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729507.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 672 
Filed 05/18/10 
Page 1 of 3 
ORDERED in dr Southern District a Florida ea 
_(,,23 Fig/ -1 0
gaepiltrakty 
itiymond B. Rey, Judge 
United Sr 
Bankruptcy Court 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
wim.flsb.uscourtssav 
In re: 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
Debtor. 
CASE NO.: 09-34791-I3KC-RBR 
CHAPTER 11 
ORDER GRANTING TRUSTEE'S MOTION SEEKING A PROTECTIVE ORDER AND 
APPROVING PROPOSED DOCUMENT PRODUCTION PROTOCOL ID E.1,617( 
THIS MATTER came before the Court on May 18, 2010 at 9:30 am on the Motion by 
Trustee Stettin For Expedited Relief Seeking A Protective Order And Approving Proposed 
Document Production Protocol (the "Motion for Protective Order") [D.E. #617J. The Court has 
reviewed the Motion for Protective Order, and the Response to Trustee's Motion for Expedited 
Relief Seeking Protective Order and Approving Proposed Document Production Protocol 
("Repsonse") [D.E. #667) filed by Certain Creditors of RRA as detailed therein, and having 
heard the argument of counsel and otherwise being fully advised, 
DOES HEREBY ORDER: 
EFTA00729507
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 672 
Filed 05/18/10 Page 2 of 3 
I. 
The Trustee's Motion for Protective Order is Granted. 
2. 
To protect against the incidental disclosure of documents or Electronically Stored 
Information ("ESI") (hereinafter collectively "RRA Information") protected by any RRA 
attorney-client privilege or the work product doctrine, in accordance with Federal Rule of Civil 
Procedure 26(b)(5)(B) and Federal Rule of Evidence 502, the Court approves the following 
protocol to govern any demand, subpoena or request for production of RRA's electronically 
stored information: 
A. 
Requesting Parties shall provide all search criteria, including names of targeted 
custodians, search terms, date ranges, to/from, subject line contents, or other criteria 
("Search") to be applied against the RRA information, to the Trustee. 
B. 
The Trustee will conduct the requested Search of RRA information after the mutual 
execution and filing with the Court of a Stipulated Protective Order. The Stipulated 
Protective Order shall include a clawback provision in accordance with Federal Rule of 
Evidence 502 and Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 26(b)(5)(B), which shall require the 
Requesting Party to destroy or return all copies of any documents, ESI or other RRA 
information that is made available to the Requesting Party as a result of the Search that is 
privileged data related to RRA's former representation of any former client. The 
Stipulated Protective Order shall allow the Trustee to move for immediate emergency 
injunctive relief to protect RRA's Client's privilege if necessary. 
C. 
Before the Requesting Party publishes, files or distributes to any other party any 
information obtained from the document repository ("Resulting Data"), that Resulting 
Data intended to be used by the Requesting Party, unless otherwise available from other 
sources besides the Trustee, shall be disclosed to the Trustee who shall conduct a review 
for RRA's client's privilege before any RRA information may he published or otherwise 
used or distributed by the Receiving Party. 
D. 
The terms of any filed Stipulated Protective Order shall apply to any subsequent 
requests to the Trustee for Search of RRA information by that Requesting Party. 
3. 
The Trustee agrees to keep any keywords or search criteria provided to the 
Trustee by any Requesting Party confidential, only to be disclosed when required by Court 
Order. 
EFTA00729508
--- PAGE 3 ---
• 
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 672 
Filed 05/18/10 
Page 3 of 3 
4. 
By sharing any RRA Information with a third party document management 
system vendor, the Trustee does not waive any privilege or confidentiality over any documents 
otherwise protected by the work product doctrine or attorney-client privilege. 
5. 
All Requesting Parties seeking production of responsive documents or ESI shall 
file with the Court their Stipulated Protective Orders before any access to any documents or ESI 
is provided by the Trustee to that Requesting Party. 
6. 
Assuming compliance with this Order, any inadvertent disclosure of privileged 
material by the Trustee to any Requesting Party shall not be construed as a waiver of any 
privilege pursuant to Federal Rules of Evidence 502(d) and (e). 
7. 
The Court retains jurisdiction with respect to all matters arising from or related to 
the implementation or interpretation of this Order. 
Submitted by: 
Charles H. Lichtman, Esq. 
BERGER SINGERMAN, P.A., 
Attorneys for Chapter 1 I Trustee, Herbert Stettin 
350 E. Las Olas Blvd. 
Suite 1000 
Com, furnished to: 
Charles H. Lichtman, Esq. 
(Attorney Lichtntan is directed to serve this Order to all parties of interest and to file a 
Certificate of Service.) 
2814103-1 
EFTA00729509

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729510.pdf
----------------------------------------
Curtis & Silvina Royston 
July 9, 2009 
Jeffrey, 
Thank you for use of the New York apartment. 
We have made arrangements to move out this weekend and move in with family. 
We had a productive experience on LSJ and we are sorry it did not work out. 
I spoke to Darren briefly this past Monday and was told we would be given two 
weeks severance pay. 
Silvina and I worked long hours, six, if not, seven days a week to get LSJ 
successfully up to speed. 
We are now jobless and uprooted. 
We would appreciate your reconsideration of our severance pay. 
You said to me you were fair. 
We are scheduled to meet with Darren on Monday, July 13, 2009. 
Curtis and Silvina 
EFTA00729510

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729511.pdf
----------------------------------------
SISAL RUG 
Beauvais Carpets 
Size: 1 0'-6" x 1 1 '-6" 
Quantity: 1 
J. P MOLY N ELI X 
EFTA00729511

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729512.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729512.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA-JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 3 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
DEFENDANT, JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S, RULE 26(a)(3) DISCLOSURES 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, file their witness, exhibits, documents or 
category, pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(a)(3) Disclosures, as follows: 
A. 
Witnesses: 
Witnesses 
Address 
Phone No. 
Information Known 
1. Jane Doe #3 
do Jeffrey Marc Herman, Esq. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
2. Jane Doe #2 
3. Jane Doe #4 
do Jeffrey Marc Herman, Esq. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
do Jeffrey Marc Herman, Esq. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
EFTA00729512
--- PAGE 2 ---
Doe#3. v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 2 
4. Jen 
5. Jeffrey Epstein 
Unknown 
do Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
unknown 
Friend of Jane Doe #3 
One Clearlake Centre, Ste. 1400 
250 Australian Ave. South 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
B. 
Exhibits 
1. 
Palm Beach Police Department Report 
2. 
Transcript of Jane Doe #3 
C. 
Insurance Policies 
1. 
Unaware of any policy that has acknowledged coverage. 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being 
served this day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the 
manner specified by CM/ECF on this 
day of 
 2008: 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Jeffrey Marc Herman, Esq. 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
ounse or F'lalntlrr Jane oe 
Jack Alan Goldberger 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
W 
F 
401-5012 
ffrey Epstein 
Michael R. Tein, Esq. 
Lewis Tein, P.L. 
3059 Grand Avenue, Suite 340 
Coconut Grove, FL 33133 
EFTA00729513
--- PAGE 3 ---
Doe#3. v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 3 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
effrey Epstein) 
EFTA00729514

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729515.pdf
----------------------------------------
Request No. 12: 
Personal tax returns for all years from 2002 through 
the present. 
Response to Request Numbers : Defendant is asserting specific legal 
objections to the production request as well as his U.S. constitutional 
privileges. 
I intend to produce all relevant documents regarding this 
lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that at the present time 
I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this 
lawsuit without waiving my Fifth Amendment constitutional rights and I 
must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional 
rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed 
by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under 
these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution; overly broad. 
As set forth in more detail in DE 282 and 283, which were provided to the court 
in camera, Epstein cannot provide answers/responses to questions relating to his financial 
history and condition without waiving his Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution, which includes his tax returns. Asking for 
Epstein's personal tax returns is financial in nature and it is confidential, proprietary and 
seeks information that is neither relevant to the subject matter of the pending action nor 
does it appear to be reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence. 
Moreover, the Magistrate has not made a ruling on relevancy as to the personal tax 
returns, and the Plaintiff has not met the burden of establishing a "compelling need" for 
the tax returns. 
Responding to the above financial request would require Epstein to identify 
information regarding matters as set forth in more detail in DE 282 and 283, which were 
provided to the Court in camera. Producing the specified information, in full, would 
result in testimonial disclosures that would communicate statements of fact. Again, the 
information sought relates to potential federal claims of violations. att DE 282 and 283, 
EFTA00729515
--- PAGE 2 ---
in camera. 
Production would therefore constitute a testimonial admission of the 
genuineness, the existence, and Epstein's control of such records, and thus presents a real 
and substantial danger of self-incrimination in this case, in other related cases and as well 
in areas that could result in criminal prosecution. See generally Hoffman v United States, 
341 U.S. at 486; United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 36 and United States v. 
Apfelbaum, 445 U.S. at 128. 
The Court's order seems to hone in on the "required records" exception for the 
proposition that, as a matter of law, Epstein's personal tax returns must be produced 
because they are allegedly a mandatory part of a civil regulatory scheme and have 
assumed some public aspect. (DE 462, p.12) However, "required records" are ordinarily 
records collected by highly regulated business (e.g., physicians) wherein the records 
themselves have assumed public aspects which render them analogous to public 
documents. See In re Dr. John Doe, 97 F.R.D. 640, 641-643 (S.D.N.Y. 1982). Usually, 
these documents are known to more than the filer and the agency in which the 
document(s) were filed (i.e., known to other persons of the general public). Id. Even 
though the IRS may have certain returns, they remain confidential under 26 U.S.C. §6103 
from any disclosures and are therefore different than a regulated/public record that can be 
accessed by the public. In Trudeau v. New York State Consumer Protection Bd., 237 
F.R.D. 325 (N.D.N.Y. 2006), the court maintained that "Noutine discovery of tax returns 
is not the rule but rather the exception." Id. at 331. The Court went on to note that [for 
nearly the past thirty-five years, tax returns have been considered `confidential,' pursuant 
to 26 U.S.C. §6103." Id. Because of the principle of confidentiality, it further noted, 
"courts in the Second Circuit have found personal financial information to be 
EFTA00729516
--- PAGE 3 ---
presumptively confidential or cloaked with a qualified immunity," and must, therefore, 
"balance the countervailing policies of liberal discovery set forth in the Federal Rules of 
Civil procedure against maintaining the confidentiality of such documents." Id. 
To achieve that balance, courts in the Second Circuit have developed a "more 
stringent" standard than that set forth in the rules. To order disclosure of tax returns, a 
court must find that "the requested tax information is relevant to the subject matter of the 
action" and that "there is a compelling need for this information because the information 
contained therein is not otherwise readily available." Id. The Magistrate's Order makes 
no such finding in the instant matter. In fact, the burden of showing compelling need is 
on the party seeking discovery, but once a compelling need has been found, the party 
whose tax return information has been requested has the burden to "provide alternative 
sources for this sensitive information. Id. If the requested information is available from 
alternate sources, disclosure should not be compelled. Potential alternate sources to 
which the court pointed were gathering the information through deposition or disclosure 
in an affidavit by the requested party of net worth, wealth, and income. Id. at 331-32. See 
Barton v. Cascade Regional Blood Services, 2007 WL 2288035 (W.D.Wash. 2007)("Tax 
returns are confidential communications between the taxpayer and the government [citing 
§6I03] and although not privileged from discovery there is a recognized policy against 
unnecessary public disclosure 
 The Court finds no compelling need which 
overcomes this recognized policy"). Courts have broadly construed these provisions to 
embody a general federal policy against indiscriminate disclosure of tax returns from any 
source. Federal Say. & Loan Ins. Corp. v. Krueger, 55 F.R.D. 514-15 (N.D. III. 1972)("it 
is the opinion of this court that [§6103] reflect[s] a valid public policy against disclosure 
EFTA00729517
--- PAGE 4 ---
of income tax returns. This policy is grounded in the interest of the government in full 
disclosure of all the taxpayer's income which thereby maximizes revenue. To 
indiscriminately compel a taxpayer to disclose this information merely because he has 
become a party to a lawsuit would undermine this policy"); see also Premium Service 
Corp. v. Sperry & Hutchinson Co., 511 F.2d 225, 229 (9th Cir. 1975)(would have been 
appropriate for district court to quash subpoena for tax returns based on the "primacy" of 
the "public policy against unnecessary disclosure [of tax returns] arises from the need, if 
tax laws are to function properly, to encourage taxpayers to file complete and accurate 
returns"). 
In Pendlebury v. Starbucks Coffee Co., 2005 WL 2105024 at *2 (S.D. Fla. 2005), 
the court agreed that "[i]ncome tax returns are highly sensitive documents" and that 
courts should be reluctant to order disclosure during discovery. Citing, Natural Gas 
Pipeline Co. of Am. v. Energy Gathering, Inc., 2 F.3d 1397, 1411 (5th Cir. 1993); DeMasi 
v. Weiss, Inc., 669 F.2d 114, 119-20 (3d Cir. 1982)(noting existence of public policy 
against disclosure of tax returns); Premium Serv. Corp. v. Sperry & Hutchinson Co. 511 
F.2d 225, 229 (911' Cir. 1975). The court in Pendlebury agreed that parties seeking the 
production of tax returns must demonstrate (1) relevance of the tax returns to the subject 
matter of the dispute and (2) a compelling need for the tax returns exists because the 
information contained therein is not otherwise available. Id. at *2; see also Dunkin 
Donuts, Inc. v. Marv's Donuts, Inc., 2001 WL 34079319 (S.D. Fla. 2001)• Cooper v. 
Hallgarten & Co. 34 F.R.D. 482, 483-84 (S.D.N.Y. 1964). Thus, before the Court can 
order production of the requested returns in this matter, the Plaintiff must satisfy the 
"relevance" and "compelling need" standards. The Magistrate's Order fails to address 
EFTA00729518
--- PAGE 5 ---
the "relevancy" standard, and the Plaintiff fails to delineate any "compelling need" or 
availability of networth from other sources (e.g., an Affidavit). 
This court already ruled in DE 462 that Epstein is not required to produce his 
financial history information to the extent same seeks to identify Epstein's assets, where 
such assets are located and whether such assets have been transferred. Id. Moreover, the 
names and addresses of his accounts, financial planners and money managers were also 
sustained pursuant to the Fifth Amendment. Id. Therefore, to the extent this court orders 
production of tax returns and to the extent Epstein's personal tax returns contain such 
information, same should be redacted and subject to heightened confidentiality. 
However, this can only be done subsequent to an in camera hearing wherein this court 
can make a ruling on relevancy, production, redaction and confidentiality; but only after 
the Plaintiff shows a compelling need. 
Furthermore, Epstein's complicated business transactions have no relevancy to 
this lawsuit and, therefore, evidence of same should not be produced. 
The Fifth 
Amendment is a safe harbor for all citizens, including those who are innocent of any 
underlying offense. This request, if answered, may result in compelled production and/or 
testimonial communications from Epstein regarding his financial status and history and 
would require him to waive his right to decline to respond to other inquiries related to the 
same subject matter. 
Responding to this and other related inquiries would have the 
potential to provide a link in a chain of information and/or leads to other evidence or 
witnesses that would have the specific risk of furthering an investigation against him and 
therefore are protected from compulsion by Epstein's constitutional privilege. 
EFTA00729519
--- PAGE 6 ---
Accordingly, any compelled testimony that provides a "lead or clue to a source of 
evidence of such [a] crime" is protected by Fifth Amendment. SEC v Leach, 156 
F.Supp.2d at 494. Questions seeking "testimony" regarding names of witnesses, leads to 
phone or travel records, or financial records that would provide leads to tax or money 
laundering or unlicensed money transmittal investigations are protected. 
See also 
Hoffman v United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 (1951)("the right against self-incrimination 
may be invoked if the answer would furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to 
prosecute for a crime"). 
c. 
Request Number 13 
Request No. 13: 
A photocopy of your passport, including any 
supplemental pages reflecting travel to locations outside the 50 United 
States between 2002 and 2008, including any documents or records 
regarding plane tickets, hotel receipts, or transportation arrangements. 
Response; Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend 
to produce all relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit without 
risking waiver of my Fifth Amendment rights and I must accept this 
advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation. 
Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights 
under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional 
protections and privileges, the scope of information is so overbroad that it 
seeks information that is neither relevant nor reasonably calculated to lead 
to the discovery of admissible evidence; compiling such information over 
a six year period would be unduly burdensome and time consuming. 
EFTA00729520

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729521.pdf
----------------------------------------
Request No. 10 contravenes the critical public policy of encouraging the resolution of criminal 
prosecutions without trial and the concomitant understanding that defendants will be 
considerably more likely to engage in full and frank discussions with the government if they 
need not fear that statements they or their counsel make to government prosecutors will be used 
against them to their detriment. The critical importance of plea bargaining to the criminal justice 
system has long been recognized. "[W]hatever might be the situation in an ideal world, the fact is 
that the guilty plea and the often concomitant plea bargain are important components of this 
country's criminal justice system. Properly administered, they can benefit all concerned." 
Bordenkircher v. Hayes, 434 U.S. 357, 361-62 (1978), quoting Blackledge v. Allison, 431 U.S. 
63, 71 (1977). To encourage defendants to participate in the plea negotiation process, rules have 
developed to prohibit admission into evidence against the defendant of any and all statements he 
or his counsel acting on his behalf makes to government prosecutors during the plea negotiation 
process. This confidentiality protection is embodied in both Fed. R. Evid. 410 and Fed. R. Crim. 
P. 11(0. While these rules by their express terms refer only to admissibility of evidence, the 
purposes and policies underlying these rules in instructive in this context, in which a civil 
plaintiff seeks discovery of documents falling within the scope of these two rules. 
Rule 410 was created to promote active plea negotiations and plea bargains, which our 
Supreme Court has acknowledged are "important components of this country's criminal 
justice system.". . . Our Court of Appeals has held that "in order for plea bargaining to 
work effectively and fairly, a defendant must be free to negotiate without fear that this 
statements will later be used against him.". . . Indeed, absent the protection of Rule 410, 
"the possibility of self-incrimination would discourage defendants from being completely 
candid and open during plea negotiations." 
S.E.C. v. Johnson, 534 F.Supp.2d 63, 66-67 (D.D.C. 2008), quoting United States v. Davis, 617 
F.2d 677, 683 (D.C.Cir. 1980). See, e.g., United States v. Mezzanatto, 513 U.S. 196, 205, 207 
(1995)(purpose of the rules is to encourage plea bargaining, and rules "creat[e], in effect, a 
EFTA00729521
--- PAGE 2 ---
privilege of the defendant," quoting 2 J. Weinstein & M. Berger, Weinstein's Evidence 1410[05] 
at 410-43 (1994)); United States v. Barrow, 400 F.3d 109, 116 (2d Cir. 2005)("The underlying 
purpose of Rule 410 is to promote plea negotiations by permitting defendants to talk to 
prosecutors without sacrificing their ability to defend themselves if no disposition agreement is 
reached"); Fed. R. Crim. P. 11, Advisory Committee Notes, 1979 Amendment ("the purpose of 
Fed. R. Ev. 410 and Fed. R. Crim. P. 11(e)(6) [now Rule 11(0] is to promote the unrestrained 
candor which produces effective plea discussions"),I 
Additional illustration of the high degree of confidentially accorded settlement 
negotiations is found in Fed. R. Evid. 408, which precludes the introduction into evidence 
communications made during settlement negotiations. The purposes underlying Rule 408 are 
essentially the same as those underlying Rules 11(0 and 410: "to encourage non-litigious 
solutions to disputes." Reichenbach v. Smith, 528 F.2d 1072, 1074 (11th Cir. 1976). See, e.g., 
Stockman v. Oakcrest Dental Center, P.C., 480 F.3d 791, 805 (6th Cir. 2007)("the purpose 
underlying Rule 408 . . . is the promotion of the public policy favoring the compromise and 
settlement of disputes that would otherwise be discouraged with 
the admission of such 
evidence"); Bankcard America, Inc. v. Universal Bancard Systems, Inc., 203 F.3d 477, 483 (7th 
Cir. 2000)("Because settlement talks might be chilled if such discussions could later be used as 
admissions of liability at trial, the rule's purpose is to encourage settlements"); In re A.H. Robins 
Co., Inc., 197 B.R. 568, 572 (E.D.Va. 1994)("Rule 408 aims to foster settlement discussions in 
an individual lawsuit, and therefore insulates the particular parties to a settlement discussion 
FRE 410(4) is particularly directed to communications in matters which, like Epstein's, did not result in 
a plea of guilty to ni t federal charge. Fla. Stat. §90.410 provides parallel protections in state criminal matters. 
Epstein pled guilty to Fla. Stat. 796.07(2Xf), Unlawful to Solicit, Induce, Entice, or Procure Another to 
Commit Prostitution, Lewdness or Assignation, and Fla. Stat 796.03, Procuring Person Under Age of 18 For 
Prostitution. Therefore, in the event this court orders production of said correspondence, then it must first hold an in 
camera inspection to determine what, if any, documents are related to the foregoing pleas and what documents are 
not. Along those same lines, an in camera inspection must be had in an effort to redact any information that may 
violate third-party privacy rights or information that would implicate Epstein's Fifth Amendment rights. agg infra. 
EFTA00729522
--- PAGE 3 ---
from possible adverse consequences of their frank and open statements"). So crucial is this 
policy of confidentiality to the functioning of our federal court system that some courts have held 
that communications falling within the parameters of Rule 408 are covered by a settlement 
privilege which insulates them not just from admission into evidence but from discovery as well. 
See, e.g., Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. v. Chiles Power Supply, Inc., 332 F.3d 976, 979-983 (6th 
Cir. 2003). 
Given the powerful and long-standing policy of according confidentiality to settlement 
negotiations in both the civil and criminal context, civil plaintiffs should, at a minimum, be 
required to demonstrate real and concrete need for the material. They should not be permitted to 
rummage through such sensitive documents based on nothing more than a vague and contentless 
statement that the materials are "likely to lead to the discovery of other admissible evidence." 
Motion to Compel at 12 n.3, which is all that plaintiff offers as to Request No. 10. This is 
particularly so given the reality that parties often take positions or offer potential compromise 
solutions during plea negotiations which are inconsistent with the litigation strategy they will 
pursue if the case goes to trial. As one court has explained in the civil context: 
EFTA00729523
--- PAGE 4 ---
There exists a strong public interest in favor of secrecy of matters discussed by 
parties during settlement negotiations. . . . The ability to negotiate and settle a 
case without trial fosters a more efficient, more cost-effective, and significantly 
less burdened judicial system. . . . Parties must be able to abandon their 
adversarial tendencies to some degree. They must be able to make hypothetical 
concessions, offer creative quid pro quos, and generally make statements that 
would otherwise belie their litigation efforts. 
Goodyear Tire, 332 F.3d at 980. The same is no less true in the plea negotiation context. 
The free availability in discovery to civil plaintiffs of communications made during the 
plea negotiation process has profound potential to chill frank and open communications 
during that process so crucial to the functioning of the criminal justice system in any 
criminal case which has potential to become a civil or regulatory matter as well. Such 
defendants will be loath to be fully forthcoming during plea discussions or 
communications and indeed, if the potential civil or regulatory consequences are 
sufficiently severe, may decline to enter into plea negotiations at all, if they must fear that 
their communications will be made available to civil plaintiffs in discovery, thus entirely 
defeating both the purpose and spirit of Rules 410 and 11(0. 
In addition, the communications made during the plea negotiation process contain 
fact and opinion attorney work product of both Mr. Epstein's attorneys and government 
attorneys. Particularly given the strong public policy in favor of confidentiality of 
plea/settlement negotiations, the disclosure of such information should be treated as 
falling within the selective waiver provisions of Fed. R. Evid. 502 and not be treated as 
an open-ended waiver of the attorney-client and work product privileges. 
The correspondence in question contained what, absent limited disclosure for the 
specific and exclusive purpose of furthering plea and settlement discussion, would 
constitute paradigm opinion work product. It includes the views of Epstein's counsel in 
EFTA00729524
--- PAGE 5 ---
the criminal case regarding why a federal prosecution was inappropriate, why the federal 
statutes did not fit the alleged offense conduct, why certain of the alleged victims were 
not credible. It also includes Epstein's counsel's views on the limits and inapplicability 
of certain elements of 18 U.S.C. §2255, one of the principal causes of action in the Jane 
Doe cases. This opinion work product should not be disclosed when it was incorporated 
into heartland plea negotiations that are accorded protection under the federal rules of 
evidence. It is the disclosure of such legal opinions — and not just their admissibility — 
that should be protected from a civil discovery request that lacked any statement as to 
why this information was even necessary to the fair litigation of the civil cases. 
To The Extent that the Court is considering affirming any part of the Magistrate-
Judge's opinion allowing request 10, the defendant requests that the Court first consider 
(a) receiving a privilege log that would identify specific portions of the correspondance 
that contains the opinion work product of counsel for Epstein and (b) provide notice to 
and receive from the United States Attorney their view on the risks of disclosing their 
correspondance to Epstein. Amongst the reasons the USAO should be advised of this 
plaintiffs' request is (a) letters from the USAO include opinions, i.e., work product that 
was disclosed to Epstein's counsel only within the protected parameters of FRE 408 and 
410 and would further risk disclosure of the identiites of alleged victims and information 
that would otherwise be subject to the protections of grand jury secrecy. See infra. 
Epstein also continues to maintain that the requested correspondence is protected 
under the Fifth Amendment, as it could furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to 
prosecute him for a crime or provide the federal government with information that 
EFTA00729525
--- PAGE 6 ---
provides a lead or clue to evidence having a tendency to incriminate Epstein. 
ee infra; 
Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. at 486; United States v. Neff, 315 F.2d at 1239; Blau 
v. United States, 340 U.S. at 159; and SEC v Leach, 156 F.Supp.2d at 494. 
EFTA00729526

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729527.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rule 410. Inadmissibility of Pleas, Plea Discussions, and 
Related Statements 
Except as otherwise provided in this rule, evidence of the following is 
not, in any civil or criminal proceeding, admissible against the 
defendant who made the plea or was a participant in the plea 
discussions: 
(1) a plea of guilty which was later withdrawn; 
(2) a plea of nolo contendere; 
(3) any statement made in the course of any proceedings under Rule 
of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure or comparable state 
procedure regarding either of the foregoing pleas; or 
(4) any statement made in the course of plea discussions with 
an attorney for the prosecuting authority which do not result in 
a plea of guilty or which result in a plea of guilty later 
withdrawn. 
However, such a statement is admissible (i) in any proceeding wherein 
another statement made in the course of the same plea or plea 
discussions has been introduced and the statement ought in fairness 
be considered contemporaneously with it, or (ii) in a criminal 
proceeding for perjury or false statement if the statement was made 
by the defendant under oath, on the record and in the presence of 
counsel. 
PARTIAL HISTORY FOLLOWS: 
Exclusion of offers to plead guilty or nolo has as its purpose the promotion 
of disposition of criminal cases by compromise. As pointed out in McCormick § 
251, p. 543. " 
Effective criminal law administration in many localities would hardly be possible if 
a large proportion of the charges were not disposed of by such compromises." 
See also People v. Hamilton, 60 Cal.2d 105, 32 Cal.Rptr. 4, 383 P.2d 412 
(1963), discussing legislation designed to achieve this result. As with 
compromise offers generally, Rule 408, free communication is needed, 
and security against having an offer of compromise or related statement 
admitted in evidence effectively encourages it. 
Limiting the exclusionary rule to use against the accused is consistent with the 
purpose of the rule, since the possibility of use for or against other persons will 
not impair the effectiveness of withdrawing pleas or the freedom of discussion 
which the rule is designed to foster. See A.B.A. Standards Relating to Pleas of 
Guilty § 2.2 (1968). See also the narrower provisions of New Jersey Evidence 
Rule 52(2) and the unlimited exclusion provided in California Evidence Code § 
1153. 
EFTA00729527
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00729528

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729529.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729529.pdf
----------------------------------------
'RUNCO:
THE WORLD'S FINEST 
NOME THEATER 
Runco VideoXtremeTM 
VX-8d 3-Chip Projector 
Projector Type: 
Digital Light Processing TM (DLPTM), 3-chip, 16:9 SuperOnyx TM DMD TM
Native Resolution: 
Aspect Ratios: 
Video Standards: 
1280 x 720 
Determined by supplied video scaler/processor 
NTSC, PAL, SECAM 
DTV Compatibility: 
480p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p (50/60), 1080p-24 
Picture Size: 
(16:9 screens) 
Recommended Width: 72 — 120 in. 
Maximum Width: 250 in. 
II011 
=IMP 
Throw Distance: ** 
1: Fixed 0.81:1 
2: Zoom 1.52 -
3: Zoom 1.83 -
4: Zoom 2.28 -
5: Zoom 3.04 -
6: Zoom 4.58 - 
(for rear-screen applications) 
1.82:1 (with CineWide 1.15 - 1.36:1) 
2.24:1 (with CineWide 1.37 - 1.68:1) 
3.02:1 (with CineWide 1.72 - 2.27:1) 
4:50:1 (with CineWide 2.29 — 3.38:1) 
7.25:1 (with CineWide 3.45 — 5.45:1) 
Horizontal & 
Vertical Offset: 
Vertical: Up to 65% down or up (ceiling) from center of screen; 
Horizontal: 30% left or right of screen center.(Short throw fixed lenses 
have no offset capabilities) 
Light Output: 
CSMS Specifications*: Home Theater Calibration: 1708 ANSI Lumens; 
Foot-Lamberts (fL); 2000 ANSI Lumens 
Contrast Ratio: 
CSMS Contrast Ratio*: 251:1; 10,000:1 ANSI 
Lamp: 
250W 
Lamp Life: 
2500 hours (typical) 
Inputs: 
Via DHD scaler/processor 
(2) HDMI, (2) HD inputs (5 x BNC), (1) Component, (2) S-video, 
(1) Composite, (1) IR, (1) RS-232 
12V Output: 
programmable 
RS-232 Output: 
Projector control 
Power Requirements: 
100 - 240V AC, 50/60 Hz, 395W 
Operating Environments: 50° - 104° F, (10° - 40° C), 0% - 85% relative humidity 
(non-condensing) 
Dimensions (w/o feet): 
Width: 21.13 in. (537 mm), Depth: 25.25 in. (641 mm), Height: 8.25 in. 
(235 mm), Weight: 55.5 lbs. (25.2 kg) (without lens) 
Limited Warranty: 
Projector: (2) Two years parts and labor from the date of shipment from 
Runco. Lamp Warranty: 1000 hours or (6) Six months, which ever 
comes first. RuncoCare" plans are also available. 
Runco VX-8 ships with: 
Power cable, remote, Installation guide 
• Measured Screen Width on a 1.0 gain. Sr wide 16:9 screen 
• Proteus Lens options: distance/screen width +/-2.5% 
EFTA00729529

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729530.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729530.pdf
----------------------------------------
AIR GHISLAINE INC. 
S-76C++ Contract No: S76TD6167A 
SALES ANALYSIS 
Running 
Date 
Amount 
Balance 
12/18/2007 Deposit - 20% 
paid by JEE 
2,330,000 
2,330,000 
12/31/2008 Interim Payment 
paid by 1031 intermediary 
6,880,000 
9,210,000 
12/31/2008 Interim Payment 
paid by 1031 intermediary 
1,220,000 
10,430,000 
???? 
Final Payment due by 12/14/09 
1,220,000 
11,650,000 
???? 
Potential reduction for WIFI 
(275,000) 
11,375,000 
Total Sikorsky Cost 
11,375,000 
Add: Extras 
Tai Ping Carpet 
11,991 
Tai Ping Carpet Credit 
(3,000) 
Total Sikorsky Cost with Extras 
11,383,991 
Sales Price 
12,000,000 
Total Cost with Extras and WIFI reduction 
11,383,991 
Less: Sales Broker - George 
150,000 
I 
Net Capital Gain - Air Ghislaine WITH WIFI reduction 
466,009 
Net Capital Gain - Air Ghislaine WITHOUT WIFI reduction 
191.009 
Facts 
a) Total purchase price per contract is 11,650,000 
b) Penalty of $50,000 per day for completion begins 12/14/2009 
c) Above purchase is part of like kind exchange and funds remaining with intermediary 
are 4,389,409 as of the last statement received on 8/11/2009 
EFTA00729530

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729531.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729531.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation 
6900 Main Street 
Stratford. Connecticut 06615 
August 21, 2009 
Mr. Darren K. Indyke 
Vice-President 
Air Ghislaine, Inc. 
The Villard House 
457 Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
Sikorsky
A United Technologies Company 
In reply refer to 
SPB 7702 
Subject: Proposal for a Sikorsky Deluxe Executive S-76DTm Helicopter for Air Ghislaine, Inc. 
Dear Mr. Indyke, 
Thank you very much for your interest in the S-76D helicopter. In accordance with the S-76D Delivery Position 
Assignment Agreement (DPAA) between Air Ghislaine, Inc. and Sikorsky, I am pleased to provide you with the 
following Sales Agreement for your consideration. I would also like to give you an update on Sikorsky's S-76D 
Program and a proposed delivery schedule. 
The attached Sales Agreement is for one (1) new production S-76D helicopter in a Deluxe Executive Configuration, 
defined in Exhibit A of Attachment A. The S-76D helicopter is equipped with two Pratt & Whitney Canada 210S 
engines, the integrated Thales TopDeck.  Avionics Suite, a Health and Usage Monitoring System (HUMS), and all-
composite main and tail rotor blades. All of Sikorsky's commercially-offered aircraft are equipped with Honeywell 
MARK XXII Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning System and a combination Flight Data Recorder / Cockpit 
Voice Recorder. Due to the S-76°  helicopter's combined comfort, performance, proven safety, and reliability, the 
S-76 continues to be the premier choice among Fortune 100 companies. 
Program Update — The S-76D team achieved first flight on February 7, 2009, and flight envelope expansion is 
advancing at our West Palm Beach facility. To date, the prototype aircraft has achieved in excess of twenty-five 
flight hours. Our progress continues with flight testing of the new main rotor blades for the S-76D, which began on 
February 5, 2009. Currently the new composite main rotor blades are flying on S-76D prototype Aircraft DI. We 
expect to receive FAA sea level certification of the S-76D helicopter by the end of September 2010, and validations 
of the FAA's certification by the European Aviation Safety Agency and Transport Canada are anticipated by the end 
of March 2011. to be followed by certification of optional rotor ice protection in 2012. 
Aircraft Availability and Price — The standard sales price for the helicopter presented herein, in Deluxe Executive 
completed configuration, is US$14,300,000. In recognition of Air Ghislaine, Inc.'s early interest in the S-76D 
helicopter, Sikorsky is offering a limited introductory price of US$12,120,000, which is subject to the terms and 
conditions of this letter and the attached Sales Agreement. Conditions of eligibility for the $12,120,000 introductory 
offer, include (a) execution of the attached Sales Agreement within 90 days from the date of this letter (though 
Sikorsky would appreciate notification of your intent as soon as practical), (b) title transfer of a baseline helicopter 
at a date to be agreed between you and Sikorsky in 2011, and (c) acceptance of completion services at a date to be 
agreed between you and Sikorsky in 2012. As this is a significantly-discounted introductory offer, the prices offered 
hcrcin represent a best possible offer, from which Sikorsky cannot make further financial concessions. Desired 
changes to the proposed configuration may result in adjustments to price and/or delivery schedule. 
Delivery Schedule — As Sikorsky moves to confirm the backlog of DPAA positions, it may be possible to accelerate 
the delivery dates defined herein. The presently estimated "baseline" delivery and completion dates are September 
2011 and April 2012, respectively. If you are interested to move these dates forward, please advise and we will do 
what is possible to accommodate that request. 
Disclosure — This document is provided with the express understanding that the document contains technical, 
business, and financial information which is submitted in confidence: and no disclosure or use of this information is 
EFTA00729531
--- PAGE 2 ---
permissible without express written consent of Sikorsky except by Air Ghislaine, Inc. within Air Ghislaine, Inc. as 
necessary for the evaluation of this document. 
Offer Acceptance — This proposal to convert your Delivery Position Assignment Agreement into a New Helicopter 
Sales Agreement shall remain valid for ninety (90) days from the date of this letter and is subject to execution of the 
attached Sales Agreement. Prior to execution of the Sales Agreement, the delivery position for the Deluxe 
Executive Helicopter may be subject to adjustment. 
Your interest in the S-76D program is certainly appreciated by the entire Sikorsky team. We look forward to 
discussing this potential transaction in greater detail at your convenience. In 
do not hesitate to 
contact Mr. Howard Germon, Sikorsky Regional Sales Manager, at phon 
r visit our website 
WWW.SIKORSKY.COM for further information on Sikorsky, our products and our services. 
Very truly yours, 
SIKORSKY AIRCRAFT CORPORATION 
Marc B. Poland 
Vice President — Sikorsky Global Helicopters 
Attachment A: 
S-76D Deluxe Executive Helicopter Sales Agreement 
EFTA00729532
--- PAGE 3 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
THIS S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), dated as of 
the Effective Date stated below, is made by and between Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation 
("Sikorsky") and the Customer named below. 
I. 
DEFINITIONS /INFORMATION FOR THIS AGREEMENT 
1. 
Customer: 
Air Ghislaine, Inc. 
2. 
Sikorsky Contract No: 
76DD7702
3. 
Helicopter Quantity: 
One (1) 
4. 
Scheduled Presentation Date 
September, 2011 (or sooner at Sikorsky's 
Helicopter: 
option) 
Subject to Confirmation Immediately Prior to 
Execution 
5. 
Scheduled Presentation Date 
Completion Services: 
April, 2012 (or sooner at Sikorsky's option) 
Subject to Confirmation Immediately Prior to 
Execution 
6. 
Helicopter Unit Price: 
US$9,000,000
7. 
Completion Services Unit Price: 
US$3,120,000
8. 
Custom Helicopter Unit Price: 
US$12,120,000
9. 
Total Contract Price: 
US$12,120,000 
10. Payment Schedule: 
a. Helicopter Advance Payment: 
20% of the Total Contract Price 
(less any previously remitted deposit amount) 
due on the date Customer signs this 
Agreement. 
US$2,324,000 
(US$2,424,000 less $100,000 deposit paid by 
Customer prior to the date of this Agreement) 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Al, Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page I of 15 
EFTA00729533
--- PAGE 4 ---
5-761) NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
b. Helicopter Final Payment: 
c. Completion Services Interim 
Payment: 
d. Completion Services Final 
Payment: 
11. Customer's Contact for Technical 
Issues: 
12. Customer's Contact Details for 
Legal Notices and Invokes 
(including, (a) name and title, (h) 
mailing address for notices and 
invoices, (c) department/ 
organization for notices, (d) phone 
number, and (e) e-mail address): 
80% of the Helicopter Unit Price due upon 
Acceptance of the Helicopter. (If Customer 
does not make itself available for presentation 
and acceptance of the Helicopter, the 
Helicopter Final Payment shall be due within 
ten (10) days following receipt by Customer 
of written notice that the Helicopter is ready 
for presentation and acceptance.) 
US$7,200,000 
40% of the Completion Services Unit Price 
due upon Acceptance of the Helicopter. 
US$1,248,000 
40% of the Completion Services Unit Price 
due upon Acceptance of the Completion 
Services. (If Customer does not make itself 
available for presentation and acceptance of 
the Completion Services, the Completion 
Services Final Payment shall be due within 
ten (10) days following receipt by Customer 
of written notice that the Completion Services 
of the Custom Helicopter are ready for 
presentation and acceptance.) 
US$1,248,000 
Larry Visoski 
Chief Pilot 
Air Ghislaine, Inc. 
1131 Pine Point Road 
Singer Island FL 33404 
(917) 868-6145 
Darren K. Indyke 
Vice-President 
Air Ghislaine, Inc. 
The Villard House 
457 Madison Avenue 
New York. NY 10022 
(212) 750-1176 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Al, Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page 2 of 15 
EFTA00729534
--- PAGE 5 ---
-q& 
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
H. 
SIKORSKY'S COMMITMENTS TO THE CUSTOMER 
1. 
Sale and Delivery — Sikorsky shall sell and deliver to the Customer, and the Customer 
shall purchase from Sikorsky, the Quantity of Sikorsky Model S-76D Helicopters 
equipped with the items of additional equipment specified in Exhibit A, Part 1 (the 
"Helicopter(s)"). 
The Helicopter(s) shall be delivered and accepted at Sikorsky's 
designated facility (the "Designated Facility") and title to the Helicopter(s) shall be 
transferred to the Customer or Customer's designee in accordance with the terms hereof. 
2. 
Performance of Completion Services — Sikorsky shall sell and perform the Completion 
Services for Customer and Customer shall purchase the Completion Services on the 
Helicopter, which will then be equipped with the items of additional equipment specified 
in Exhibit A, Part 2 (the "Custom Helicopter(s)"). The Completion Services shall be 
performed subsequent to title transfer with Sikorsky retaining custody of the 
Helicopter(s) subsequent to title transfer to perform the Completion Services at a 
Sikorsky designated completion center (the "Designated Completion Center"). 
Following the arrival of the Helicopter at the Designated Completion Center, the 
configuration items specified in Exhibit A, Annex 1, shall be removed from the 
Helicopter and retained by Sikorsky. These configuration items shall be either deleted or 
replaced by the Customer's items of additional equipment specified in Exhibit A, Part 2 
as part of the Completion Services. 
3. 
Publications and Training - Sikorsky shall make available to Customer: 
(i) the 
technical publications described in Exhibit B, and (ii) the training described in Exhibit C. 
4. 
Helicopter Warranty — the terms of Sikorsky's limited warranty are set forth in Exhibit 
D. 
5. 
Spare Parts Provisioning and Technical Support — Sikorsky recommends that a 
provisioning conference should be held between the Customer and representatives of 
Sikorsky Aerospace Services ("SAS"), Sikorsky's aftermarket business, no later than 180 
days before the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, for the purpose of defining the 
Customer's detailed logistics planning considerations and support objectives. Sikorsky 
will invite the Customer to participate in the provisioning conference at Sikorsky's 
designated facility. 
At the provisioning conference, a list of parts and equipment 
recommended to support the Custom Helicopter(s) would be identified and discussed. 
Any spare parts procured by the Customer would be sold pursuant to a separate 
agreement between the Customer and SAS. The Customer shall be responsible for all 
travel and related expenses associated with Customer's personnel attending the 
provisioning conference. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Al, Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page 3 of 15 
EFTA00729535
--- PAGE 6 ---
5-761) NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
III. 
INSPECTION, ACCEPTANCE, DELIVERY AND TITLE TRANSFER 
1. 
Presentation for Acceptance — The Helicopter(s) shall be presented for acceptance at the 
Designated Facility on the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter. 
During such 
presentation, the Customer shall be entitled to a standard acceptance test flight by 
Sikorsky for each Helicopter(s), which test flight shall be no longer than one (1) hour in 
duration. Customer's obligation to purchase the Helicopter(s) is conditioned upon and 
subject to Customer being satisfied that (i) the Helicopter(s) is in airworthy condition 
with all flight critical systems functional and in proper working order, (ii) the Helicopter 
has been manufactured in accordance with the specifications of this Agreement and that 
(iii) the Helicopter(s) has no damage, corrosion or other defects. 
2. 
Acceptance, Delivery and Title Transfer — After presentation, Customer shall accept the 
Helicopter(s) by executing a Certificate of Helicopter Acceptance in the form of Exhibit 
E Part I. Thereafter, upon receipt of the Helicopter Final Payment in accordance with 
Article I. 10. b., above, Sikorsky shall deliver to Customer, or Customer's designee, a 
Bill of Sale and a Certificate of Airworthiness to evidence delivery and title transfer. The 
Helicopter(s) shall be delivered Ex Works (Incoterms 2000) from the Designated 
Facility. Subsequent to title transfer to Customer, Sikorsky shall retain custody of the 
Helicopter(s) in order to perform the Completion Services. 
3. 
No Prospective Registration of Interest — Prior to the transfer of title as provided in this 
Agreement, Customer, without the prior written consent of Sikorsky, shall neither 
register nor consent to the ability of any person to register any interest in the Helicopter 
or its engines on the International Registry, including without limitation, any prospective 
international interest, pursuant to that body of law known as the Cape Town Treaty 
Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment and the Protocol to the 
Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment on Matters Specific to 
Aircraft Equipment (hereinafter the "Cape Town Treaty"). Any consent by Sikorsky to 
registration of any interest in the Helicopter or its engines shall be subject to, among 
other things at Sikorsky's sole discretion, receipt by Sikorsky of all payments due under 
this Agreement at the time of title transfer of the Helicopter to Customer. Registration of 
any interest under the Cape Town Treaty in violation of this paragraph shall be deemed 
ineffective as against Sikorsky and, upon request of Sikorsky, Customer, at its own 
expense, immediately shall take all required action to remove any such interest or other 
encumbrance on the Helicopter or its engines. 
4. 
Risk of Loss — Sikorsky shall have risk of loss of the Helicopter, subsequent to the 
transfer of title until the Customer's acceptance of the Completion Services as evidenced 
by the Customer's execution of a Certificate of Completion Services Acceptance in the 
form of Exhibit E, Part 2. In the event that the Helicopter is damaged or its functionality 
is in any way compromised during the performance of, or in connection with, the 
Completion Services, Sikorsky shall be required to repair such damage or restore such 
functionality; provided, that Customer agrees that any insurance proceeds for such repair 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page 4 of 15 
EFTA00729536
--- PAGE 7 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
shall be paid directly to Sikorsky; and provided further that, if the Helicopter is damaged 
beyond repair, Sikorsky shall be under no obligation to furnish a substitute Helicopter or 
Custom Helicopter. If the Helicopter is damaged beyond repair, Sikorsky shall be 
relieved of all obligations to deliver such Helicopter or Custom Helicopter, except that 
Sikorsky or the insurer, as the case may be, shall promptly refund to Customer all 
amounts previously paid by Customer to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter or Custom 
Helicopter so destroyed. 
5. 
Presentation of Completion Services for Acceptance — The Custom Helicopter(s) shall 
be presented for technical acceptance of the Completion Services performed at the 
Sikorsky Designated Completion Center on the Scheduled Presentation Date Completion 
Services. 
During such presentation, the Customer shall be entitled to a standard 
acceptance test flight by Sikorsky for each Custom Helicopter, which test flight shall be 
no longer than one (I) hour in duration. Customer's obligation to accept the Completion 
Services is subject to Customer being satisfied that the Completion Services have been 
satisfactorily completed and that the Custom Helicopter, as previously accepted by 
Customer, is in airworthy condition with all systems functional and in proper working 
order. 
6. 
Acceptance of Completion Services — After inspection, Customer shall accept the 
Completion Services by executing a Certificate of Acceptance of the Completion 
Services in the form of Exhibit E, Part 2, and the Custom Helicopter shall then be at 
Customer's risk. Thereafter, upon receipt of the Completion Services Final Payment 
pursuant to Article I. 10.d. above, Sikorsky shall provide to Customer a FAA return to 
service certification and, if applicable, an Export Certificate of Airworthiness. 
If 
applicable under the terms of this Agreement, Sikorsky retains the right to utilize its own 
freight forwarder for the preparation and booking of any export shipment. 
IV. 
PRICE/PAYMENT SCHEDULE 
I. 
Price/Payment Schedule — The Customer shall pay to Sikorsky the payments set forth in 
the Payment Schedule contained in Article I hereof by wire transfer to: 
Sikorsky's Account No. 57-56685 
Routing No. 021000021 
SWIFT:CHASUS33 
JP MORGAN CHASE 
New York, NY 
(or such other account that Sikorsky may designate in writing). Unless otherwise 
requested in writing, Sikorsky shall provide an invoice to Customer only for the 
Helicopter Final Payment and the Completion Services Final Payment. Customer shall 
be responsible for making all other payments in accordance with the Payment Schedule 
contained in Article I hereof without an invoice. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Al, Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page 5 of 15 
EFTA00729537
--- PAGE 8 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
V. 
CONFIGURATION 
1. 
Sikorsky Specification Changes - Before the Scheduled Presentation Date Completion 
Services, Sikorsky reserves the right to make any substitution or amendment to Exhibit A 
(Helicopter Configuration) hereto that it deems necessary in order to ensure that the 
Helicopter and/or Custom Helicopter complies with any airworthiness requirement or any 
mandatory airworthiness directive or service bulletins affecting the Helicopter and/or 
Custom Helicopter issued by Sikorsky, any vendor or the FAA. 
2. 
Configuration Finalization - To facilitate finalization of the configuration for the 
Helicopter(s), Sikorsky and Customer agree as follows: 
2.1 
Customer Guidance — Not later than ninety (90) days after the Effective Date of 
this Agreement, Customer must provide guidance to Sikorsky with respect to 
exterior paint colors and interior colors and materials (as applicable). Sikorsky 
will create exterior renderings and interior material boards based on this guidance, 
and will present this material at the configuration review meeting described in 
clause 2.2 below. 
2.2 
Configuration Finalization Meeting — Sikorsky and Customer will mutually agree 
to a date to occur not later than six (6) months after the Effective Date of this 
Agreement in which to conduct a configuration review meeting at the Designated 
Facility to review and discuss the aircraft systems and interior specifications with 
Customer. The intent of this meeting is to provide Customer with a thorough 
understanding of the aircraft systems and interior specifications. 
Sikorsky will 
also present to the Customer exterior paint schemes and interior configuration and 
materials that are based on colors and guidance provided to Sikorsky prior to the 
meeting by Customer (reference paragraph 2.1 above). 
All travel, living and 
communication expenses incurred by Customer's representatives shall be borne 
by Customer. Customer approval of the specifications is sought at the time of the 
Configuration Finalization Meeting, but not later than thirty (30) days following 
the meeting. The document conveying Customer approval of the specifications is 
the executed specification approval log, detailed in 2.3.1 below. 
2.3 
Customer Furnished Information — No later than six (6) months prior to the 
applicable Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, Customer will furnish 
Sikorsky with the following information for each Helicopter: 
2.3.1 
Executed specification approval log. Items requiring approval in this log 
include, but are not limited to: 
• 
System Specification 
• 
Audio Specification (if applicable) 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Al, Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page 6 of 15 
EFTA00729538
--- PAGE 9 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
• 
Interior Configuration Document 
• 
Interior Material Board 
• 
Seat Upholstery Style (if applicable) 
• 
External Paint Rendering 
• 
Exterior Paint Colors 
• 
Exterior Paint Production Drawing 
• 
Any required Customer furnished camera-ready artwork for 
logos (if applicable) 
• 
Registration numbers and ICAO addresses for each Helicopter 
2.4 
Failure to Provide Configuration Information/Customer Initiated Changes -
Failure to provide Sikorsky with any of the information by the respective dates 
described in subsections 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 above, or any change to such 
information, including changes to the configuration, not caused by or proposed by 
Sikorsky after such respective dates (i) may result in a delivery delay and such 
delay shall constitute an Excusable Delay by Sikorsky under this Agreement, and 
(ii) may result in the imposition of one of the two configuration change fee 
scenarios identified in subsections 1) and 2) below. 
Please note: The scenarios identified below exclude the recurring price (materials 
and labor) that may be applicable to the equipment items changed by Customer. 
The recurring price for the equipment items will be included in the Custom 
Helicopter Unit Price. 
Configuration change fee and schedule impact for change(s) contracted in a single 
contract amendment/transaction: 
I) 
If a signed Amendment to this Agreement and Customer approvals in accordance 
with paragraph 2.3.1 above are finalized at least ninety (90) days prior to the 
Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter: 
-- Acceptable changes: Any Change. 
-- Configuration change fee: None. 
-- Schedule Delay: Depending on time for new part(s) design, time for 
certification, and lead time for new part(s). 
2) 
Ninety (90) days, or less than ninety (90) days, prior to the Scheduled 
Presentation Date Helicopter: 
For existing certified options or development options: 
a. $50,000 or 20% of value of contract change (whichever is greater); plus 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Al, Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page 7 of 15 
EFTA00729539
--- PAGE 10 ---
5-761) NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
b. Any costs or termination liability incurred by Sikorsky as a result of the 
change; plus 
c. Any cost of rework (e.g. Sikorsky's labor and material costs incurred to rework 
items to accommodate the Customer requested changes); and 
d. Any schedule delay caused by lead time for obtaining parts, added design time, 
design certification and/or installation time for new part(s). 
3) 
At any time during performance of Completion Services no configuration changes 
will be accepted. The Helicopter will be completed in accordance with the 
configuration identified in this Agreement and any changes will be contracted 
separately in a stand alone Modification Agreement. Services provided under any 
such Modification Agreement will be accomplished at a Sikorsky Designated 
Facility. 
3. Customer's Changes to Configuration and Additional Equipment — In the event that the 
Customer desires to change the Helicopter configuration and/or obtain additional 
equipment for the Helicopter(s), the parties must mutually agree on a written amendment 
to this Agreement reflecting such changes and setting forth any changes in the price 
and/or delivery schedule. For this purpose, the Customer hereby appoints the Customer's 
Contact for Technical Issues as set forth in Article I, which person has authority to 
negotiate any such changes with Sikorsky and execute a legally binding Amendment 
reflecting such technical, price and/or delivery changes. 
4. Suitability of Configuration - The Customer is responsible for having ensured that the 
helicopter configuration, defined herein, meets all the operational requirements of the 
country of destination/registration as they relate to the specific intended usage of the 
Custom Helicopter. If requested, Sikorsky shall make a good faith attempt to assist in the 
determination of this configuration. If required for import/registration requirements in 
the foreign country, Sikorsky shall endeavor to obtain that country's design approval of 
the configuration items not already approved. 
VL 
HELICOPTER RELATED PROVISIONS, INCLUDING S-76D DEVELOPMENT 
STATUS 
1. 
S-76D Development — Please note that the S-76D helicopter is currently in development 
at Sikorsky. If at any time prior to Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) certification 
of the S-76D, Sikorsky is not satisfied with the development of the S-76D, or in the event 
that the S-76D helicopter is not certified by the FAA, Sikorsky may terminate this 
Agreement with the Customer upon written notice. In case of such a termination by 
Sikorsky, the Customer shall have the option of (a) receiving reimbursement from 
Sikorsky of all amounts paid to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter, or (b) applying the 
amounts paid to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter to the purchase of a new S-76C++ 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Al, Ghislainc. Inc. 
Page 8 of 15 
EFTA00729540
--- PAGE 11 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
helicopter from Sikorsky, if available. During the development of the S-76D helicopter, 
Sikorsky may deem it necessary or desirable to change the configuration of the 
Helicopter/Custom Helicopter referenced in this Agreement. In such case, Sikorsky 
agrees to consult with the Customer with regard to any such configuration change and 
Sikorsky will attempt to present a configuration change that does not adversely affect the 
capabilities of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter. In the event that the parties mutually 
conclude that the configuration cannot be changed without adversely affecting the 
capabilities of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter, then either party may terminate this 
Agreement upon written notice to the other. In case of such termination, the Customer 
shall have the option of (a) receiving reimbursement from Sikorsky of all amounts paid 
to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter, or (b) applying the amounts paid to Sikorsky in 
respect of the Helicopter to the purchase of a new S-76C++ helicopter from Sikorsky, if 
available. 
2. S-76D FAA Certification — In addition, the obligations of Sikorsky under this Agreement 
are subject to the certification of the S-76D helicopter by the FAA. In the event that such 
FAA certification is not obtained by the Scheduled Presentation Date Baseline 
Helicopter, either party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other. 
In case of such termination, 
the Customer shall have the option of (a) receiving 
reimbursement from Sikorsky of all amounts paid to Sikorsky in respect of the 
Helicopter, or (b) applying the amounts paid to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter to 
the purchase of a new S-76C++ helicopter from Sikorsky, if available. 
3. Special Flight Tests — Flight test work required for prototyping, functional checkout, or 
qualification of any additional equipment contracted may be performed by Sikorsky on 
the Helicopter and the Custom Helicopter prior to title transfer thereto or final delivery 
thereof, respectively, to the Customer. The delivery of the Helicopter or the Custom 
Helicopter may be delayed to the extent necessary to accomplish the flight test work 
objectives without any liability on the part of Sikorsky for any such delay. In the event 
the Helicopter or Custom Helicopter is destroyed during the period of such flight tests, 
such destruction arising from any cause whatsoever, Sikorsky shall be under no 
obligation to furnish a substitute Helicopter or Custom Helicopter but rather shall be 
relieved of all obligations with respect to the delivery of such Helicopter or Custom 
Helicopter so destroyed, except that Sikorsky or the insurer, as the case may be, shall 
promptly refund to Customer all amounts previously paid by Customer to Sikorsky in 
respect of the Helicopter or Custom Helicopter so destroyed. 
4. Compliance Statement Regarding Airworthiness Directives (ADs), and Alert Service 
Bulletins (ASBs) - Sikorsky will deliver the Custom Helicopter with all applicable ADs 
and ASBs existing prior to the Scheduled Presentation Date Completion Services 
complied with. The delivery of the Custom Helicopter may be delayed to the extent 
necessary to comply with any ADs or ASBs without any liability on the part of Sikorsky 
for such delay. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Al, Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page 9 of 15 
EFTA00729541
--- PAGE 12 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
5. 
HelotracTM - With each Helicopter sold and delivered hereunder, Sikorsky shall 
make available to Customer a one-year subscription to this service. 
VII. 
INTERNATIONAL SALES PROVISIONS !if applicable! 
I. 
Export License — Customer and Sikorsky agree that this Agreement is intended to 
provide for the purchase and sale only of items that are not classified as US Munitions 
List (USML) items and can be exported under United States Department of Commerce 
License Exception NLR (no license required). Sikorsky represents that the Helicopter 
configuration provided under this Agreement at the time of delivery consists only of 
items that can be exported under the United States Department of Commerce License 
Exception NLR. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that this Agreement or the 
performance of the parties hereunder is or becomes subject to United States export or 
import laws, the full performance by Sikorsky under this Agreement will be subject to the 
receipt of all applicable United States Government export licenses and approvals. In 
such event, any cause that may delay the receipt of a required United States export 
license or approval may result in a delay of the delivery of the Helicopter to Customer. 
Any delivery delay caused thereby shall be deemed an excusable delay in accordance 
with Article VIII.I. to this Agreement. Should any individual item on the Helicopter or 
Custom Helicopter later become subject to US export restrictions Sikorsky will attempt 
to replace the item with an exportable item and notify the Customer of such change at 
Sikorsky's earliest convenience. Should no exportable item be mutually agreed to 
between Sikorsky and Customer, both parties shall be released from any further 
obligations for inclusion of the subject item and any required price adjustment related to 
such un-exportable item shall also be made. 
2. 
Import License — Customer shall be responsible for obtaining and complying with any 
and all import licenses or other authorizations and import taxes or fees which may be 
required by the country of destination for importing the Custom Helicopter(s). 
3. 
FAA Registration - Customer shall be responsible for obtaining FAA aircraft 
registration in the United States upon transfer of title of the Helicopter in accordance with 
this Agreement; provided however that upon Customer's request, Sikorsky shall provide 
Customer with all reasonable assistance required. In the event Customer cannot comply 
with FAA regulations for aircraft registration in the United States upon transfer of title of 
the Helicopter in accordance with this Agreement, Sikorsky shall refer Customer to a 
third party trustee (the "Trustee") who shall take title to the Helicopter upon Acceptance 
of the Custom Helicopter through the Acceptance of Completion Services. All fees 
assessed by the Trustee in connection with its services shall be borne by Sikorsky. 
Sikorsky shall consent to the assignment of the Agreement to the Trustee for this purpose 
and Customer shall execute any necessary documentation in connection therewith. 
4. 
Operations Within United States — If, after transfer of title, acceptance of Completion 
Services, and removal from the United States N-number registry, the Helicopter/Custom 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page 10 of 15 
EFTA00729542
--- PAGE 13 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
Helicopter is to be flown within the jurisdiction of the United States for any reason, 
Customer, shall, prior to such operation, obtain and carry currently effective certificates 
of registration and airworthiness issued or rendered valid by the country of registry and 
shall display the nationality and registration markings of that country, as required by 
Title 14 Part 375 of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations. 
The Customer shall comply 
with all other United States federal, state, and local laws and regulations that may be 
applicable to the operation of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter in the United States. 
5. 
Special Airworthiness Requirements — The Customer is responsible for ensuring that the 
Helicopter/Custom Helicopter configuration meets all the operational requirements of the 
country of destination/registration/operation for the Customer's intended usage. In the 
event Customer wishes to have changes made to the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter(s) to 
meet specific airworthiness requirements of the country of destination, Customer shall 
supply to Sikorsky, in the English language, copies of the applicable standards and a 
complete description of the changes desired. Sikorsky will review all requested changes 
and promptly submit a quotation to Customer of the effect on prices and delivery of 
incorporating such changes. 
In accordance with paragraph 2.3.1 of Article V 
(Configuration) hereof, failure to provide Sikorsky with any of the foregoing information 
by the respective dates described above, or any change to such information, including 
changes to the configuration, not caused by or proposed by Sikorsky after such respective 
dates (i) may result in a delivery delay and such delay shall constitute an Excusable 
Delay by Sikorsky under this Agreement, and (ii) may result in the imposition of a 
configuration change fee as described in paragraph 2.4 of Article V (Configuration) 
hereof. Although Sikorsky may provide Customer with assistance in evaluating the 
specific airworthiness requirements of the country of destination and suggest changes to 
meet such requirements, Sikorsky assumes no responsibility for the acceptability of such 
changes to government authorities and assumes no obligation to meet the airworthiness 
requirements of any country. 
6. 
Compliance with Laws — The terms, conditions and performance by the parties under this 
Agreement will comply with all laws, rules, regulations and controls; including but not 
limited to the following: 
a. If the time for transfer of title to the Helicopter shall occur prior to receipt of all 
U.S. Government export approvals required for delivery of the Helicopter or 
Custom Helicopter, Sikorsky shall transfer tide to the Helicopter or Custom 
Helicopter only to a U.S. entity, and if to a U.S. financing institution, only to such 
U.S. financing institution that is a "broker" within the meaning of the ITAR (22 
CFR Part 129); and 
b. Prior to receipt of all U.S. Government export approvals required for delivery of 
the Helicopter or Custom Helicopter, no "foreign person", as that term is defined 
within the ITAR (22 CFR Part 120), shall have any access to the Helicopter, 
Custom Helicopter or any related technical data or assistance. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
l'..?!c II of 
EFTA00729543
--- PAGE 14 ---
5-761) NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
VIII. TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1. 
Excusable Delays — Customer acknowledges that the goods called for hereunder are to be 
manufactured for Customer to fulfill this Agreement and that the delivery dates are based 
on the assumption that there will be no delay due to causes beyond Sikorsky's reasonable 
control. Sikorsky shall not be charged with any liability for delay or non-delivery when 
due to delays of suppliers, acts of God, terrorism or the public enemy, compliance in 
good faith with any applicable foreign or domestic governmental regulation or order 
whether or not it proves to be invalid, fires, riots, labor disputes, unusually severe 
weather, or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of Sikorsky. To the extent that 
such causes actually delay deliveries on the part of Sikorsky, the time for Sikorsky's 
performance shall be extended for as many days beyond the delivery date as are required 
to remove such causes. This provision shall not, however, relieve Sikorsky from using 
reasonable efforts to avoid or remove such causes and continue performance with 
reasonable dispatch whenever such causes are removed. 
1.1 
Unqualified Equipment — [IF APPLICABLE] Sikorsky shall not be charged with 
any liability for delay or non-delivery when due to delays in approval of 
equipment by the appropriate regulatory authority. The following Customer-
specific equipment has not yet been approved for installation on the 
Helicopter/Custom Helicopter by the appropriate regulatory authority: 
Nomenclature 
System 
Supplier 
Option code 11112 
Thales TopDeck Upgrade 
Thales 
for WAAS/LPV* 
Option code 90001 
XM Weather with 
XM Satellite Radio Inc. 
Integrated Functionality 
on males TopDeck 
Displays* 
(*These items need to be finally confirmed as to Sikorsky's capability to include 
in the Helicopter configuration within the delivery schedule quoted herein.) 
In order to support the Scheduled Presentation Date Completion Services, the 
equipment supplier must provide substantiating data and/or analysis to Sikorsky 
in a timely manner to accomplish the qualification approval. If the supplier is not 
capable or willing to provide this substantiation in a timely manner to support 
delivery of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter, the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter 
will be delivered with space and power provisions, as applicable, with the 
equipment furnished on delivery as loose equipment. The Customer will be 
offered the alternative of having Sikorsky perform necessary tests, without 
guaranty of results, for an additional price. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc. Inc. 
of 15 
EFTA00729544
--- PAGE 15 ---
ash S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
2. 
Inability Or Refusal To Pay — If the Customer is unable or refuses to make payment to 
Sikorsky in accordance with any of its obligations to Sikorsky, or if the Customer's acts 
or omissions preclude Sikorsky's performance under this Agreement, then Sikorsky may, 
at its option, terminate this Agreement by giving to the Customer written notice of its 
intention to terminate. Upon such termination, Sikorsky shall be relieved of any further 
obligations to the Customer and (i) the Customer shall reimburse Sikorsky for its 
termination costs and expenses and a reasonable allowance for profit and (ii) to the extent 
that the Customer holds title to the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter for which Customer is 
unable or refuses to make payment to Sikorsky, or in respect of which Customer's acts or 
omissions preclude Sikorsky's performance, immediately upon Sikorsky's request, and at 
Customer's expense, the Customer shall execute such documents as are necessary to 
transfer title to such Helicopter/Custom Helicopter to Sikorsky free and clear of any and 
all encumbrances. All sums paid to Sikorsky under this Agreement, from whatever 
sources, will be considered the liquidated value of sub-paragraph (i) above and may be 
retained by Sikorsky in fulfillment of the defined costs, expenses, and allowances. 
3. 
Taxes — In addition to the Total Contract Price, the Customer shall be responsible for 
payment of any and all taxes (including any sales and use tax, but not including 
Sikorsky's income taxes), which may be imposed by any taxing authority arising from the 
sale, delivery or use of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter. 
4. 
Limitation Of Liability — With respect to any Helicopter/Custom Helicopter, part or 
service purchased under this Agreement and alleged to be the direct or indirect cause of 
any loss or damage to the Customer, the sum equal to the invoiced price of such 
Helicopter/Custom Helicopter, part or service shall be the ceiling limit on Sikorsky's or 
any of its affiliate's liability whether founded in contract or tort (including negligence, 
strict tort liability or breach of warranty), arising out of or resulting from (i) this 
Agreement or the performance or breach thereof, or (ii) the design, manufacture, 
delivery, sale, repair, replacement, or any use of such Custom Helicopter, or (iii) the 
furnishing of any such service. In no event shall Sikorsky or any of its affiliates have any 
liability for any incidental or consequential damages. 
5. 
Assignment — This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the 
successors and assigns of the parties hereto, but it may not be voluntarily assigned, 
wholly or in part, by either party hereto without the prior written consent of the other 
party; provided however, that Sikorsky shall have the right to assign this Agreement to a 
wholly-owned subsidiary or affiliate of Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation. In the event that 
Sikorsky, in its sole discretion, consents to an assignment request made by Customer, 
Sikorsky shall have the right to impose a transaction fee under this Agreement in an 
amount equal to one-percent (1%) of the Total Contract Price in consideration of 
providing consent to such assignment. 
6. 
Construction — This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the plain English 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page 13 of 15 
EFTA00729545
--- PAGE 16 ---
5-761) NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
meaning of its terms, and the construction thereof shall be governed by the laws of the 
State of Connecticut, United States of America. The parties further agree to submit to the 
jurisdiction of both the state and federal courts of Connecticut. 
7. 
Notices — All notices or communications of any kind under and with respect to this 
Agreement shall be in the English language. All legal notices shall be given by hand 
delivery or registered mail and, if to the Customer, shall be addressed as indicated in 
Article I; and if to Sikorsky, shall be addressed to Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation, 6900 
Main Street, P. O. Box 9729, Stratford, Connecticut 06615-9129, U.S.A., Attention: 
Vice President - General Counsel. The effective date of each such notice shall be the 
date it is received. 
8. 
Non Disclosure — With exception for the existence of this Agreement, the parties hereby 
agree that neither party shall disclose to any third party the contents of this Agreement 
without the prior written approval of the other party except as may be required in the 
performance of this Agreement. 
9. 
Entire Agreement — The terms and conditions contained in this Agreement constitute the 
entire agreement between the parties hereto and shall supersede all previous 
communications, representations or agreements, either oral or written, between the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and no agreement or 
understanding varying or extending the same will be binding upon either party hereto 
unless in writing, signed by a duly authorized officer or representative thereof. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by each party's authorized 
representative. 
AIR GHISLAINE, INC.: 
SIKORSKY AIRCRAFT 
CORPORATION: 
By: 
 By: 
Name: 
Name: 
Title: 
Title: 
Date: 
Effective Date: 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc. Inc. 
1)4?!c• 14 of 15 
EFTA00729546
--- PAGE 17 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
ATTACHMENTS:
Exhibit A 
Helicopter Configuration 
Exhibit B 
Publications 
Exhibit C 
Training 
Exhibit D 
Warranty 
Exhibit E 
Part 1 
Form of Certificate of Helicopter Acceptance 
Part 2 
Form of Certificate of Completion Services Acceptance 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page 15 of 15 
EFTA00729547
--- PAGE 18 ---
5-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
HELICOPTER CONFIGURATION 
The following items of standard and optional equipment as described below, which have been 
selected by the Customer, shall be installed on the Helicopter(s) to be delivered under this 
Agreement. 
DELUXE EXECUTIVE CONFIGURATION 
PART 1 
BASELINE AIRCRAFT 
Features of the S-76D Aircraft: 
Dynamic System: Two Pratt & Whitney 210S engines and a four blade articulated main rotor system with 
dual controls. 
Cockoit: An integrated Thales avionics suite, with an upgradable avionics package. There is a Bleed Air 
Heating Defogging system and dual windshield wipers. The Pilot and Copilot seats are equipped with a 
five point Restraint system. 
Cabin: A large cabin that can be configured for various different missions and a 38 cubic foot baggage 
compartment 
Other: Goodrich Health and Usage Monitoring System (HUMS), Active Vibration Control (AVC) system 
with single nose vertical force generator, retractable landing gear, and 295 gallons of usable fuel 
Baseline Avionics Package Includes: 
Thales TopDeck Avionics Suite 
Four Thales IAD 68 (Integrated Avionics Displays) including a dual embedded FMS functionality, dual 
MCDU (Multipurpose Control and Display Units), dual Vehicle Monitoring Modules (VMMs) providing data 
concentration functions, dual Litef LCR-100 AHRS. dual Thales ADU 3200 Air Data Computers, and dual 
Flight Control Modules (FCM) and actuators provide the four axis autopilot with Stability Augmentation 
System (SAS), Autopilot (AU), and Coupled Flight Director (CFD) functions and attitude rate damping. 
Radio Nav/Comm 
Dual Collins VHF-4000 radios, Collins TDR-94D mode S transponder with diversity to meet Elementary & 
Enhanced Surveillance requirements, single Collins NAV-4000 providing VOR/ILS/MB and embedded 
ADF, single NAV-4500 for VOR/ILS/MB, single Collins DME-4000, single Thales AHV-1600 radio 
altimeter, single Thales Topstar 200NG GPS sensor, and Artex C406-N HM ELT including programming 
adapter. 
Audio: Dual dB Systems 380 Audio control panels with ICS and VOX plus three maintenance jacks, one 
in the cabin and two in the baggage compartment. Also includes pilot overhead standby jack for direct 
S-76D Contract No. 761)1)7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page A- I of 5 
EFTA00729548
--- PAGE 19 ---
S-76O NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
BASELINE AIRCRAFT - continued 
connection to #2 corn, dual 45° pedestal mounted ICS foot switches, three David Clark Headsets, one 
six-foot walk-around cord and two 30-foot walk-around cords, Cabin PA/Chime System — dB Systems 
251, and a Passenger Briefing System - PBS 250. 
Backup/Safety Systems: Honeywell MKXXII Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning System, Penny & Giles 
MPFR FDR/CVR, r Thales Integrated Electronic Standby Indicator (IESI) provides backup attitude, 
airspeed, altitude, nay cues from NAV 1 or NAV 2, and VHF 2, ELT C406-N HM w/ Satellite Frequency, 
Electric Door Locks — Cabin, Flight Director Decouple Warning System with visual and aural warnings. 
Weather Related Systems: Weather Avoidance Radar - Primus 660, Windshield Washer System, Heated 
Glass Windshields, and Engine Inlet Inertial Particle Separator (IPS) . 
Electrical: 28 Volt Electrical System with two 250 Amp Generators, one 10 KVA, 115VAC AC Generator, 
Pilot and Copilot Avionics Master Switches. 
PART 2 
ADDITIONAL AVIONICS ITEMS 
11110 Second GPS Receiver - Thales Topstar 200 
11120 Second Mode S Transponders w/Diversity- TDR 94D 
11130 DME, 2ND - Collins DME Proline 21 DME- 4000 
11140 Radio Altimeter System, 2nd - Thales AHV-1600 
11150 Digital Moving Map on Thales' Multifunction Displays 
11155 Jeppesen Electronic Terminal and Approach Charting 
30112 Audio Jacks - Emergency (Std/Bose) 
31128 Premium Interior Speakers, Two 
32101 12 VDC Accessory Outlet (Automotive Style) 
32120 Satellite Communication System, True North Simphone Dual Channel Iridium Connection 
with Cockpit Dialer and Cabin Handset 
34181 Vertical Card Standby Compass 
36143 Lightning Strike Sensor - LSZ 860 
36165 Wx Avoidance Radar - Primus 880 
37130 Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System, KTA 970 — TCAS I 
PAINTS & FINISHES 
50102 VIP Interior Paint Preparation& Finish 
50112 VIP Exterior Paint Preparation & Finish 
INTERIORS 
63100 Deluxe VIP Interior Group, featuring: SilencerTM airframe isolated interior wall panel system, 
high performance airframe mounted secondary acoustic package, Ultraleather or Ultrasuede 
interior panel upholstery, ECS ducting, cockpit/cabin divider bulkhead with left hand and right 
hand sliding 
S-76D Contract No. 76O1)7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page A-2 of 5 
EFTA00729549
--- PAGE 20 ---
S-76O NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
INTERIORS - continued 
windows, leather seat upholstery, general cabin lighting, emergency cabin fighting, reading lights 
(8) and air outlets (8), cabin door threshold lighting, switch panels to control cabin systems, tinted 
interior 
cabin 
windows, 
decorative 
plating 
in 
cabin, 
illuminated 
ordinance 
signs, 
emergency/informational signage, emergency exit signs, cabin and cockpit carpet with spare, 
wood veneer/leather/decorative metal details, integral magazine racks on cabin doors, storage 
cabinet forward of raised fuel deck, seat maintenance covers, cabin floor runners, molded 
baggage compartment floor liner, Stain Guard Protection, Nut Plates fittings for all Opera 
Windows and Removal of unused tie down fittings. 
63102 Executive Swivel Seats - Forward/Aft Facing 
63107 Forward Refreshment Center Cabinet - Tall Profile, Aft Facing 
63121 Bulkhead Window- Large LH 
63122 Bulkhead Window- Large RH 
63136 Forward-Facing Divan, Three/Four Passenger w/Fold Down Table and Armrests 
63172 Bulkhead Storage Compartment — Crew (Aft Facing Executive Seats) 
63185 Cabin Coat Hooks, Two 
63191 Cup Holder Set, Cabin 
70116 Sheepskin Seating - Crew Seats 
70152 Seat Belt Extender 
72163 Flight Manual Storage, LH Controls Closet 
AIRCRAFT ITEMS 
80101 Boarding Step, Retractable - LH 
80102 Boarding Step, Retractable -RH 
80182 Engine Inlet Covers Storage 
80186 Maintenance Covers - Exterior 
83151 Hydraulic Quick Disconnect Relocation 
84151 C Environmental System 
85139 Anti-Collision LED Light, Red, Bottom 
85152 Dual Landing Lights — Main Gear 
85162 Recognition Lights - Forward Facing 
85163 Logo Lights 
85170 Pulse Switch for Dual Landing Lights 
85171 Pulse Switch for Recognition Lights 
86101 Approach Plate Holder, Lighted — Pilot 
86102 Approach Plate Holder, Lighted - Copilot 
86116 Pencil Holder 
86126 Sun Tint - Windshield 
86140 Nose Lateral Force Generator 
86141 Cabin Vertical Force Generator 
86195 Fluid Deflector 
88151 Emergency Flotation System Completion 
S-76D Contract No. 761)1)7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page A-3 of 5 
EFTA00729550
--- PAGE 21 ---
(Th 
S-76ll NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
UNQUALIFIED EQUIPMENT 
11112 Thales TopDeck Upgrade for WAAS/LPV' 
90002 XM Weather with Integrated Functionality on Thales TopDeck Display? 
'These items need to be finally confirmed as to Sikorsky's capability to include in the Helicopter 
configuration within the delivery schedule quoted herein. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page A4 of 5 
EFTA00729551
--- PAGE 22 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
Annex 1 
TBD 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page A-5 of 5 
EFTA00729552
--- PAGE 23 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT B 
PUBLICATIONS 
I. 
Publications - With each Helicopter/Custom Helicopter sold and delivered hereunder, 
Sikorsky shall furnish the Customer with certain publications under this paragraph for 
use by the Customer and its contractors in operating and supporting the Helicopter. 
Sikorsky shall provide the Customer with: 
Listing of Technical Publications 
Provided with each Helicopter 
FORMAT 
PUBLICATION 
NO. 
MANUAL 
with 3 -
YEAR 
REVISION 
SERVICE 
Standard 
Quantity With 
New Aircraft 
Standard 
With New 
Aircraft 
Standard S-76D 
Configuration (No 
Options) 
FAA-Approved Rotorcraft Right Manual 
Paper 
SA S76D-RFM-000 
Standard 
Copies Each 
Aircraft 
FAA-Approved Rotorcraft Flight Manual 
CD ROM ETM 
(PDF) 
SA S76D-ETM- 
RFM-000 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
Wiring Data Manual 
CD ROM ETM 
(PDF) 
SA S76D-ETM- 
WDM-000 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
Flight Check Procedures Manual 
Paper 
SA 576D-FCP-000 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
Portable Document Format (PDF) on CD 
ROM. 
This CD ROM contains the following 
publications: 
- 
S-76D Maintenance Manual 
• 
S-76D Illustrated Parts Catalog 
• 
S-76D Airworthiness Limitation 
Inspection Requirements. 
CD ROM ETM 
(PDF) 
SAS76D-ETM- 
AMM-000 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircrati 
S-76D Alert Service Bulletin (ASB) and 
Customer Service Notices (CSN) 
Electronic 
Media 
(Transmitted via 
Email, Winfax, 
and posted to 
Sikorsky 360 
Website) 
Standard 
Standard For Life 
of Aircraft 
Mechanics Pocket Guide 
CD ROM ETM 
PDF 
SAS76-ETM-MPG- 
000 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page B-I of 2 
EFTA00729553
--- PAGE 24 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT B 
Integrated Electronic Technical Manuals 
(IETM) via Sikorsky360 Website. 
This WEB IETM contains the following 
publications: 
- 
S-76D Maintenance Manual 
- 
S-76D IPC 
- 
S-76D Airworthiness Limitation 
Inspection Requirements. 
Sikorsky 360 
Website 
Web IETM 
Standard 
Web Access 
Structural Repair Manual 
CD ROM 
(PDF) 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
HUMS Users Guide 
CD ROM 
(PDF) 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
Component Maintenance Manuals(CMMS) 
CD ROM 
(PDF) 
ATP 
As Noted 
Year Revision 
Service Standard 
2. 
Completion Services Manuals - Publications for options provided by Keystone 
Helicopter Corporation (KHC) and other Type Certified subcontractors will be available 
from KHC and other subcontractors. 
3. 
Alert Service Bulletins - Alert Service Bulletins shall be issued on matters requiring the 
immediate attention of the Customer and shall be generally limited to items affecting 
safety. 
4. 
Customer Service Notices - Customer Service Notices shall be issued to furnish the 
Customer with information regarding product improvement modifications and part 
changes. 
5. 
Revisions - The Customer shall receive a revision service to the Sikorsky manuals and 
IETMs for a period of three (3) years after the final acceptance of the Completion 
Services on the first Helicopter. 
An extended revision service is available at an 
additional price to the Customer. Sikorsky will provide two (2) years of revision service 
for vendor manuals (CMMs) on CD ROM. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page 8-2 of 2 
EFTA00729554
--- PAGE 25 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT C 
TRAINING 
1. Initial Pilot Training Services — With each Custom Helicopter sold and delivered 
hereunder, Sikorsky shall make available to two (2) Customer pilots an S-76 initial pilot 
training course approximately eleven (I I) days in duration, consisting of a Visual Right 
Rules ("VFR") transition segment and, as required, an Instrument Flight Rules ("IFR") 
transition segment. 
Each of the segments is programmed to provide emphasis on 
helicopter familiarization, classroom instruction on systems operation and instruction in 
both the S-76 Simulator and the S-76 Cockpit Trainer. 
In addition, each Customer pilot will receive five (5.0) hours of flight with an instructor 
pilot. Each Customer pilot that is not a U.S. Citizen must have either: a valid FAA 
Private Pilot Certificate with a Helicopter-Rotorcraft rating and a valid medical 
certificate; or, register and apply for a security assessment with the TSA Alien Flight 
Student Program, and receive a TSA approval to train, prior to commencement of flight 
training. All flight training shall be conducted on the Custom Helicopter(s) to be 
delivered hereunder, following acceptance by the Customer and transfer of title to the 
Customer, and following acceptance of Completion Services (if applicable) by the 
Customer. 
2. Initial Maintenance or Electrical Training Services — With each Custom Helicopter 
sold and delivered hereunder, Sikorsky shall make available to two (2) Customer 
mechanics an initial S-76 maintenance training course approximately fifteen (15) days in 
duration or, at Customer's option, an S-76 electrical training course approximately ten 
(10) days in duration. Either course includes inspection and maintenance troubleshooting 
and use of a maintenance trainer. Each mechanic must have background experience in 
one or more of the following categories: (a) certified (by the FAA or by an equivalent 
airworthiness authority) airframe mechanic with one (I) year practical experience as a 
rated aircraft mechanic; (b) one (1) year experience as an active mechanic on a 
commercial or military helicopter; or (c) three (3) years general experience as a 
commercial or military aircraft mechanic. 
3. Engine Training Services — With each Custom Helicopter sold and delivered hereunder, 
Sikorsky shall make available to two (2) Customer mechanics, an engine maintenance 
course at the engine manufacturer's facility. This course is approximately five (5) to 
seven (7) days in duration, dependent on aircraft/engine type. 
4. Health & Usage Monitoring System (HUMS) — With each Custom Helicopter sold and 
delivered hereunder, Sikorsky shall make available to two (2) Customer personnel a basic 
HUMS training course of approximately five (5) days in duration. This course is 
designed in consideration for the range of personnel involved in operation of HUMS, 
which may include line maintenance technicians, certifying staff (including both avionics 
and aircraft/engine disciplines), HUMS diagnostic specialists and information technology 
specialists supporting ground based computer systems. The course is designed for 
persons without prior HUMS experience, and includes training on the installation and 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page C-I of 3 
EFTA00729555
--- PAGE 26 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT C 
line maintenance of HUMS, as well as use and administration of HUMS. HUMS 
Training is a classroom/in-person session lead by a Sikorsky instructor. Each class will 
consist of approximately four to eight students. Classes will be conducted at either 
Sikorsky's Stratford, CT facility or West Palm Beach, FL, or another facility designated 
by Sikorsky with prior notice to Customer. 
5. Scheduling — Within thirty days of Customer's execution of the Agreement, the Customer 
shall provide Sikorsky written notice as to whether Customer's personnel or designees 
shall attend the S-76 pilot training and/or maintenance/electrical/HUMS training courses. 
Sikorsky will, if practical, schedule the ground school portion of the pilot training course 
and the maintenance/electrical/HUMS training course so that completion will be 
accomplished immediately prior to the delivery of the Custom Helicopter to Customer. If 
the Customer elects to have two (2) pilots attend the S-76 pilot training course, both 
pilots must, unless Sikorsky agrees otherwise, attend the course concurrently. Sikorsky 
shall notify the Customer as to the location of the training courses. In any event, the 
training services in Sections (1), (2), (3) and (4) above must be scheduled and completed 
within twelve (12) months of the Custom Helicopter delivery to which such services are 
allocable, in default of which Customer shall no longer be entitled to such services. The 
training services provided in accordance with Sections (1), (2) (3) and (4) above will be 
conducted in the English language. The Customer is responsible for all travel and 
expenses associated with their personnel attending such training sessions. The Customer 
shall provide all documentation, and personal information on the pilots to be trained, and 
cooperation for pilot training as requested by Sikorsky to assure compliance with U. S. 
A. laws and applicable policies and regulations in force at the time of training. 
6. Hold Harmless and Indemnification — In consideration of Sikorsky making training 
services available to the Customer hereunder, the Customer, as the Custom Helicopter 
owner whose employees or designees will be the recipient of such training services, shall 
secure and protect itself and shall indemnify Sikorsky, FlightSafety International, Inc., 
their affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, service representatives, 
and agents, from any liability, claim of liability, expense, cause of action, loss or damage 
whatsoever, whether arising in tort or otherwise, for any injury, including death, to any 
person or property whatsoever (including the Customer's Custom Helicopter(s)), arising 
out of or in conjunction with the performance of such training services. 
7. Insurance Requirements 
— Toward effectuating the security, protection and 
indemnification of Section 6 above, and in addition to Customer's obligations under such 
Section 6, Customer agrees to carry as a minimum on each Custom Helicopter purchased 
under this Agreement the following insurance prior to the commencement of the flight 
training services provided hereunder: 
a. Aircraft Public Liability, Bodily Injury and Property Damage and Passenger 
Legal Liability Insurance, including Contractual Liability Insurance to cover the 
liabilities herein assumed by Customer, with a limit of not less than 
$50,000,000.00 for a single occurrence. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc. Inc. 
Page C-2 of 3 
EFTA00729556
--- PAGE 27 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT C 
b. Aircraft Hull All Risk Loss or Damage Insurance covering the Custom Helicopter 
in the amount of the Custom Helicopter Unit Price. 
i. All of the insurance policies shall be issued by companies satisfactory to 
Sikorsky, shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Sikorsky, shall 
name Sikorsky, FlightSafety International, Inc. and their respective 
affiliates as additional insureds, shall contain a provision prohibiting 
cancellation except upon at least ten (10) days prior written notice to 
Sikorsky and FlightSafety International, Inc., shall contain a complete 
waiver of subrogation by the insurer against Sikorsky, FlightSafety 
International, Inc., and their respective affiliates, and shall be primary and 
non-contributory with respect to any insurance carried by Sikorsky and/or 
FlightSafety International, Inc. Customer shall furnish to Sikorsky either 
certified copies of such policies or certificates evidencing such insurance 
and waiver. Such copies or certificates shall be presented to Sikorsky 
thirty (30) days prior to the scheduled commencement of the flight 
training. 
8. Further Understandings - Sikorsky assumes no liability for any expense of the 
Customer, including those of Customer's personnel, directly or indirectly connected with 
the furnishing of training services provided for herein or for any expenses for the 
operation or maintenance of the Customer's Custom Helicopter(s). The parties expressly 
understand and agree that the responsibility of Sikorsky in the furnishing of the training 
services described above is limited to the furnishing of such and shall not extend to the 
results thereof. The parties further understand and agree that, in the event Customer 
elects not to take all or any portion of the training services provided for herein, no refund 
or other financial adjustment of the Total Contract Price will be made. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page C-3 of 3 
EFTA00729557
--- PAGE 28 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
WARRANTY 
1. WARRANTY 
Sikorsky warrants to Customer that each new helicopter sold by it, the parts and accessories installed 
thereon (except for the engines and engine accessories that are covered by the engine manufacturer's 
separate warranty, as well as Customer-supplied equipment which includes but is not limited to 
specialized mission equipment), shall be free from defects in material and workmanship, under normal 
use and service for the periods outlined below. Normal use and service shall mean the operation and 
maintenance of the Custom Helicopter, sub-assemblies, and parts in accordance with Supplier's Flight, 
Maintenance, or Overhaul Manuals and Operating Instructions. The New Spare Parts warranty shall 
only apply to those parts purchased and delivered pursuant to this S-76D New Helicopter Sales 
Agreement. 
2. 
DURATION 
CATEGORY 
PERIOD OF COVERAGE 
INCLUDES 
Primary Structural 
Parts 
years after delivery of the Custom 
Helicopter to Customer 
Fuselage, stabilizer, tail pylon, tail 
cone 
Non-Primary Structural 
Parts & Dynamic 
Components Installed on 
Aircraft 
years or 1000 hours of operation after 
delivery of the Custom Helicopter to 
Customer, whichever occurs first 
Non-primary structural components, 
dynamic components, rotor blades, 
accessories, avionics, navigation and 
communication equipment 
New Spare Parts 
year or 1,000 hours from date of 
shipment from Sikorsky 
New Spare Parts & GSE (ground 
support equipment) if purchased under 
this Agreement 
3. SIKORSKY OBLIGATIONS 
A. REPAIR/REPLACEMENT 
Sikorsky shall be obligated under this warranty to the repair or replacement of the defective item with 
a new, overhauled, or serviceable replacement item during the applicable term of the warranty. The 
decision to repair or replace the defective item is solely at the discretion of Sikorsky. 
B. LABOR 
Sikorsky will cover Labor associated with the direct repair of a warranted item by a Sikorsky 
approved and authorized service (repair, maintenance, and overhaul) and/or parts suppliers. The 
Customer must obtain approval from Sikorsky on a case-by-case basis, prior to any such work being 
performed. Labor associated with troubleshooting, gaining access to, the removing and reinstalling a 
warranted item, or testing of the repaired or replaced item is not covered under this warranty. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page D- I of 6 
EFTA00729558
--- PAGE 29 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
4. CUSTOMER'S OBLIGATIONS 
A. The Customer must notify Sikorsky in writing of any defect occurring within the warranty period, 
within sixty (60) days after its discovery. Such notification will be accomplished by completing a 
Sikorsky RSA (Return to Sikorsky Aircraft, SA Form 7859) and submitting it either via telefax or 
email. 
B. If Sikorsky elects to replace or exchange rather than repair and return the warranted item the 
Customer must return the defective item to Sikorsky or its designated repair facility within 30 
days (domestic) or 60 days (international) of receipt of a replacement/ exchange item, if so 
requested by Sikorsky. Any defective item that is replaced or exchanged by Sikorsky shall 
automatically become the property of Sikorsky. 
C. If requested by Sikorsky, the Customer must furnish Sikorsky with copies of pertinent Custom 
Helicopter operational and maintenance records. Such records may include any and all those 
prepared during the entire warranty period immediately preceding the discovery as well as 
records of any incident, accident, or unusual event encountered by the Custom Helicopter at any 
time prior to the discovery of the defect. 
D. HUMS Data Reporting - Each Custom Helicopter sold and delivered hereunder includes a 
Goodrich Health and Usage Monitoring System (HUMS), composed of (I) on-board equipment 
and (2) one mobile ground station (MC laptop). For as long as the Custom Helicopter is in 
operation, Customer shall provide Sikorsky with aircraft operational data using HUMS. 
Customer shall download HUMS data from the Custom Helicopter to the HUMS ground station 
and make the data for each day of operation of the Custom Helicopter available to Sikorsky. The 
files produced for each flight shall be electronically transferred to Sikorsky. Customer shall 
create a file transfer protocol (FTP) site (or another acceptable means approved by Sikorsky), 
established in accordance with Sikorsky procedures, from which Sikorsky can transfer HUMS 
data on a daily basis (or as frequently as agreed to by both parties). Sikorsky may access the files 
at anytime, but plans to acquire the files on a nightly basis. 
E. Maintenance Data Reporting: For as long as the Custom Helicopter is in operation, Customer 
shall provide Sikorsky with maintenance data on a daily basis (or as frequently as agreed to by 
both parties), in an electronic format, or in accordance with other acceptable means approved by 
Sikorsky. Such obligation shall continue to a subsequent operator if the Customer sells, transfers, 
leases or otherwise conveys the Custom Helicopter to a third party. Failure to provide the HUMS 
data in the manner described above, or in another manner mutually agreed upon by the parties, 
shall void the warranty of the Custom Helicopter. As part of the maintenance data, Sikorsky 
requires records and documentation for all premature removals, including at a minimum the 
following information, in respect of any such removed parts: 
1. Description 
2. Part Number 
3. Serial Number if applicable 
4. Installation Date 
5. Aircraft hrs at installation 
6. Removal Date 
7. Aircraft hours at removal 
8. Time since New 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page D-2 of 6 
EFTA00729559
--- PAGE 30 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
9. Time since Overhauled 
10. Reason for removal / If malfunction — description of how malfunction occurred 
F. Customer expressly acknowledges that Sikorsky's receipt of Customer's HUMS and/or 
Maintenance Data as provided above, does not render Sikorsky responsible for the maintenance 
and/or troubleshooting of the Custom Helicopter in any manner and Customer expressly releases 
Sikorsky from any and all liability in regard to the receipt and analysis of the HUMS data. 
Customer shall indemnify Sikorsky against any claim for liability based on the receipt and 
analysis of HUMS data brought by any subsequent purchaser of the Custom Helicopter. 
Customer shall not rely on and/or expect Sikorsky to analyze the data so as to provide the 
Customer with any advice relating to the maintenance and troubleshooting of the Custom 
Helicopter. 
5. TRANSPORTATION 
Transportation charges relating to approved warranty claims for the return of defective goods to 
Sikorsky, their reshipment to Customer, and the risk of loss thereof, up to and including the average 
cost of Federal Express PI or equivalent, will be borne by Sikorsky if returned in accordance with 
written shipping instructions from Sikorsky. Transportation charges do not include taxes, duties, 
loans, lease charges, exchange fees, warehousing charges, handling charges, or administrative charges 
when charged by a party other than Sikorsky or a Sikorsky subcontractor. 
Any premium 
transportation costs shall be borne by the Customer. 
6. WARRANTY ON REPLACEMENT PARTS 
Pans repaired, replaced, or exchanged (newly manufactured, repaired or overhauled) on a valid 
warranty claim are warranted for the remainder of the original warranty period associated with the 
discrepant part removed. 
A. NO FAULT FOUND 
If Customer returns a part with a defect/failure that cannot be confirmed by either Sikorsky or 
Sikorsky's suppliers and the assessment of the part is evaluated as "No Fault Found", no repair, 
overhaul, or replacement will be provided by Sikorsky and the Customer will be responsible for all 
time and material charges associated with the testing and evaluation of the returned part. 
B. CORE RETURN POLICY 
Customer agrees to return core units within fourteen (14) calendar days for domestic transactions 
(twenty-one (21) calendar days for international transactions), from the date the exchanged unit is 
shipped from Sikorsky's facility (`date shipped'). If the core unit is not received by Sikorsky within 
thirty (30) days from `date shipped', the exchanged unit shall be considered to be purchased outright 
by Customer and the Customer will be invoiced at list price for CPL items or at current core unit 
value for non-CPL items. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page D-3 of 6 
EFTA00729560
--- PAGE 31 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
7. EXCLUSIONS 
This warranty does not apply and Sikorsky shall be relieved of its obligations and liability with 
respect to any claim under the Warranty if such claim results from any of the following: 
A. 
Custom Helicopters which are not maintained, operated or repaired in accordance with the 
governing or applicable provisions of Sikorsky's, its subcontractors, the FAA or DOT, as 
applicable, Approved Flight Manual, Maintenance Manual and Service Bulletins, and as each 
thereof may be amended from time to time by Sikorsky, and/or 
B. 
Custom Helicopters which undergo structural modifications, repairs, and/or engine retrofits 
without the express written approval and technical guidance of Sikorsky, and which are 
determined to be the cause or a contributing cause of the defect, and/or 
C. 
Custom Helicopters or parts which have been subject to abuse, misuse, negligence, combat 
damage, incident or accident, and/or 
D. 
Custom Helicopters or parts which have been subject to direct foreign object damage, ingestion 
of foreign material, or any corrosive or erosive agent, and/or 
E. 
Standard consumables and expendable items such as, but not limited to, seals, filters, gaskets, 
tires, hoses, bulbs, switches, batteries, bearings, brake pads and general hardware. 
F. 
Normal wear and tear, including normal wear and tear to exterior paint and interior items such 
as, but not limited to, seats, sidewall and headliner coverings, woodwork, plating and other soft 
trim appearance items, and/or 
G. 
Pans and accessories whose manufacturer's identification tag has been removed or obliterated 
or cannot otherwise be identified as having been installed on the Custom Helicopter at delivery, 
and/or 
H. 
Failures that result from external contamination such as contaminated fuel, oil, hydraulic fluids 
and the like, and/or 
I. 
Costs identified as commercial losses, or profits due to loss of use of the aircraft, and/or 
J. 
Damage to the Custom Helicopter or other property without limitation, incidental, and 
consequential damages. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page D-4 of 6 
EFTA00729561
--- PAGE 32 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
8. DISCLAIMER 
A. TITLE 
Sikorsky warrants to Customer that it will convey good title to the Custom Helicopter and parts 
sold hereunder. Sikorsky's liability and Customer's remedy under this warranty are limited to the 
removal of any title defect or at the election of Sikorsky to the replacement of the Custom 
Helicopter or parts thereof which are defective in title; provided, however, that the right and 
remedies of the parties with respect to patent infringement shall be limited to the provisions of 
Paragraph 8B below. 
B. PATENT INFRINGEMENT 
Sikorsky shall conduct, at its own expense, the entire defense of any claim, suit or action alleging 
that, without further combination, the use or resale by Customer or any subsequent purchaser or 
user of any Custom Helicopter or part delivered hereunder directly infringes any United States 
patent, but only on the conditions that (A) Sikorsky receives prompt written notice of such suit, or 
action and full opportunity and authority to assume the sole defense thereof, including settlement 
and appeals, and all information available to Customer and defendant for such defense; (B) said 
Custom Helicopter or part is made according to a specification or design furnished by Sikorsky 
or, if a process patent is involved, the process performed by the Custom Helicopter(s) is 
recommended in writing by Sikorsky; and (C) the suit, or action is brought against Customer or 
one expressly indemnified by Customer. Provided all of the foregoing conditions have been met, 
Sikorsky shall, at its own expense, either settle said suit, or action or shall pay all damages 
excluding consequential damages and costs awarded by the court therein, and, if the use or resale 
of such Custom Helicopter or part is finally enjoined, Sikorsky shall, at Sikorsky's option: 
(i) procure for defendant the right to use or resell the Custom Helicopter or part, (ii) replace them 
with an equivalent non-infringing Custom Helicopter or part, (iii) modify them so they become 
non-infringing but equivalent, or (iv) remove them and refund the purchase price (less a 
reasonable allowance for use, damage, and obsolescence). 
C. If a suit, or action is based on a design or specification furnished by Customer, or on the 
performance of a process not recommended in writing by Sikorsky, or on the use or sale of the 
Custom Helicopter or parts delivered hereunder in combination with other helicopter parts not 
delivered to Customer by Sikorsky, Customer shall indemnify and save Sikorsky harmless 
therefrom. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page D-5 of 6 
EFTA00729562
--- PAGE 33 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
D. EXCLUSIVE WARRANTIES & REMEDIES 
THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES ARE EXCLUSIVE AND ARE GIVEN AND ACCEPTED 
IN LIEU OF (i) ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION 
THE 
IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; AND (ii) ANY 
OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, RIGHT, CLAIM, OR REMEDY IN CONTRACT OR TORT, 
WHETHER OR NOT ARISING FROM SIKORSKY'S OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES' 
NEGLIGENCE, ACTUAL OR IMPUTED, STRICT TORT LIABILITY OR BREACH OF 
WARRANTY. THE REMEDIES OF THE CUSTOMER SHALL BE LIMITED TO THOSE 
PROVIDED HEREIN TO THE EXCLUSION OF ANY OTHER REMEDIES INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. 
NO 
AGREEMENT 
VARYING 
OR 
EXTENDING 
THE 
FOREGOING 
WARRANTIES, 
REMEDIES, OR THIS LIMITATION WILL BE BINDING UPON SIKORSKY OR ANY OF 
ITS AFFILIATES UNLESS IN WRITING, SIGNED BY A DULY AUTHORIZED OFFICER 
OF SIKORSKY OR SUCH AFFILIATES. 
9. GENERAL 
A. This warranty may not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any other party without the 
advance, written consent of Sikorsky. 
13. Warranties covering the engines and engine accessories installed on the Custom Helicopter are 
made separately to the Customer by the engine manufacturer. All warranty claims pertaining to 
those items must be made directly to the manufacturer in question, provided that Sikorsky, as a 
matter of accommodation, will process the claim on behalf of the Customer to the appropriate 
manufacturer if so requested. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page D-6 of 6 
EFTA00729563
--- PAGE 34 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT E PART 1 
CERTIFICATE OF HELICOPTER ACCEPTANCE 
Pursuant to the S-76D New Helicopter Sales Agreement Number  
, dated 
 between Sikorsky  (spell out entity] 
 ("Sikorsky") 
and [Customer] ("Customer") 
Inspection — Customer hereby acknowledges that it has thoroughly inspected the S-76D 
helicopter Serial No. 
and has found it to be acceptable and in accordance 
with the requirements of the above referenced Agreement; and 
Acceptance — Customer hereby accepts the helicopter described below on the 
day 
of 
 200_. Flight hours at time of acceptance is 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, [Customer] has caused this Certificate to be executed this 
day 
of 
[CUSTOMER] 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Pagc E-I of 2 
EFTA00729564
--- PAGE 35 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT E PART 2 
CERTIFICATE OF COMPLETION SERVICES ACCEPTANCE 
Pursuant to the S-76D New Helicopter Sales Agreement Number  
, dated 
 between Sikorsky  (spell out entityl 
 ("Sikorsky") 
and [Customer] ("Customer")" 
Inspection — Customer hereby acknowledges that it has thoroughly inspected 
Completion Services performed on the S-76D helicopter Serial No. 
and 
has found them to be acceptable and in accordance with the requirements of the above 
referenced Agreement; and 
Acceptance — Customer hereby accepts the Completion Services described below on the 
day of 
200_. Flight hours on the Custom Helicopter at time of 
acceptance of the Completion Services is 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, [Customer] has caused this Certificate to be executed this 
 day 
of 
[CUSTOMER] 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine. Inc. 
Page E-2 of 2 
EFTA00729565

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729566.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729566.pdf
----------------------------------------
SEASON 
-414*
illosor--, 
406100, •;" 
S GREETINGS 
From Barbro & the SALSS team to our extended SALSS 
wishing you 
A 
MERRY 
CHRISTMAS 
& 
A 
HAPPY 
NEW YEAR 
and hoping to see you in Stockholm for SALSS 2011 
August 24-26 
401WNIII
IPPOIV 
EFTA00729566

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729567.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729567.pdf
----------------------------------------
SWEDISH 
AMERICAN 
LIFE SCIENCE 
SUMMIT 
2010 
www.swedishamericanlifescience.com 
EFTA00729567
--- PAGE 2 ---
Confirmation 
I hereby confirm that I will attend the Swedish-American Life Science Summit 2010, 
September 29 - October I, in Stockholm, Sweden. 
NAME: 
 SPOUSE: 
COMPANY:  
E-MAIL: 
Please pay SEK 11,000 SEK (US $ 1,400) via IllSwedish bank transfer or  I Check 
by August 26, 2010 (mark one). 
Via Swedish bank transfer: 
Swedish-American Life Science 
Account at SEB: 
Bank Giro: 
Via Cheek: 
DuHaan Groupe, Inc. 
360 East SS Street, Suite J OG 
New York, N.Y. 10022 
Please use the boxes below to mark the events that you wish to attend. 
Please note that this summit is designed for a limited group and attendance will be granted on a first come basis. 
SEPTEMBER 19TH: 
K 
Welcoming reception, the residence of the U.S. Ambassador to Sweden 
SEMPTEMBER 30TH: 
K 
Lunch at Ernst dr Young headquarters 
K 
Rising Stars Reception at Boston Consulting Group headquarters 
K 
Dinner Cruise around Stockholm on mls Riddarholmen 
OCTOBER 1ST: 
K 
Concluding Luncheon at the Royal Theater Confideneen, Ulriksdal 
Please send your confirmation card to: 
DuHaan Groupe, Box 639, SE-114 11 Stockholm, Sweden 
For further information or help with hotel arrangements, please e-mail victoria@swedishamerieanlifescienee.eom. 
EFTA00729568

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729569.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729569.pdf
----------------------------------------
BUYER'S LETTERHEAD 
LETTER OF INTENT 
(MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING) 
TO: 
ATTN: S 
February 16, 2009 
PLE ONLY 
ACQUISITION OF TOP 25 WESTERN EUROPEAN — MTNs 50 BILLION USD RAE 62+1 -10YR, 7 1/2% 
EUROCLEAR, MT103/23 or FED WIRE 
TRANSACTION CODE: 
SELLERS CODE: 
BUYERS CODE: 
SECURITY CODE: 
I, Mr_ 
, as authorized signatory for 
, and (or) its assigns or 
corporate representatives, under penalty of perjury, hereby confirm with full legal and corporate 
responsibility, that we are ready, willing and able to undertake for the exchange of the herein 
described Medium Term Notes ("MTNs") derived from legal sources and of non-criminal origin 
through our banking resources under the terms and conditions stated herein, against clean, clear, 
good and of non-criminal United States Dollars. 
BANK INSTRUMENT DESCRIPTION 
INSTRUMENT 
ISSUANCE 
TERM 
INTEREST 
CATEGORY 
CONTRACT SIZE 
FIRST TRANCHE 
FURTHER TRANCHES 
CONTRACT START 
INVOICE PAYMENT 
INVOICE PRICE 
COMMISSION/FEE 
DENOMINATIONS 
TRANSACTION PROCEDURES 
: Medium Term Notes (CASH BACKED) 
: Top 25 West European Banks (Exclusions Allowed) 
: Ten (10) years and One (1) day 
: 7.5% payable annually 
: Slightly Seasoned 
: 50 Billion US Dollars with R & E 
: Five Hundred Million USD (US$500-M) 
: To Be Agreed 
: MT103-23 conditional movement of funds ($500 M USD) 
: MT103 or Fed Wire 
: Sixty two percent plus one percent (62% +1%) of face value or better. 
: 1% shared equally between Buyer and Seller Side consultants at 
.50% each side. 
USD 10M, 20M, 50M, 100M 
Buyer's Initial: 
Seller's Initial 
EFTA00729569
--- PAGE 2 ---
BUYER'S LETTERHEAD 
1. 
Buyer issues and delivers this fully signed LOI/MOU in English with full banking co-ordinates, 
Client Information Sheet, Corporate Resolution, Passport Number, Non Solicitation, Fee 
Protection Agreement and proposed tranche schedule. 
2. 
Seller accepts and countersigns the LOI, making this a binding MOU ("Memorandum of 
Understanding"), complete with Seller's banking co-ordinates. 
3. 
Within 12 Hours of receipt of countersigned LOI/MOU, Buyer's bank sends conditional MT 103 
Field 23 (500 Million USD) for first tranche to the seller's bank coordinate with copy of swift 
confirmation (duly signed and stamped by sending bank and including international wire 
tracking number) to sellers email 
. Buyer also to document 
desired tranche schedule. 
4. 
After verification, authentication and credit of the funds and within 24-72 hours, seller issues 
Buyer Screen-able Corporate Invoice to secure fax/email:  
 for the 
amount of the first tranche, listing the name of the issuing bank, denominations, dates of issue, 
registration, ISIN/CUSIP numbers and any and all pertinent data including relevant screening 
codes to screen the instruments (SCREEN TO SHOW PRIVATE PLACEMENT - NO PRICE) 
5. 
Within 8 hours of receipt the buyer will screen the invoices on EUROCLEAR, and pay using 
either MT103 or Fed Wire. Upon receipt of funds, the instruments will be delivered via 
electronic transfers, physical delivery of actual instruments will be made within seven 
international banking days to the buyers bank or such other custodial institution as may be 
designated in the buyers bank delivery instructions. 
6. 
Fee shall be disbursed at the time of each tranche in accordance with the relevant MFPA, 
based on the face amount of the notes, which is incorporated herein by reference as 
material condition of this agreement. 
7. 
Transaction to continue as per mutually agreed tranche schedule. Procedures to 
repeat. 
Any Unauthorized Bank Calls, Probes Or Communications, Or An Improper Solicitation Or 
Disclosure Involving Any Of The Banks Concerned In This Transaction Will Result Immediate 
Cancellation Of This Transaction And Subject The Violating Party To Damages. 
BANKING INFORMATION 
BUYER'S BANKING DETAILS: 
S 
PLE ONLY 
Buyer's Initial:  
Seller's Initial 
EFTA00729570
--- PAGE 3 ---
BUYER'S LETTERHEAD 
LE 
SELLER'S BANKING DETAILS: 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS 
NLY 
1. Multiple banks and accounts may be used by Buyer and Seller to facilitate exhaustion of the 
Contract. Buyer and Seller may change or add transaction banks by providing written notice 
within eight banking hours to each other. Both Parties, as well, shall be responsible for their own 
institutional costs, and accept liability for taxes, imposts, levies or charges that may be applicable 
in the execution of this transaction. 
2. Generally recognized international standards concerning the payment of fees and commissions, 
as well as non-circumvention and non-disclosure rules of the ICC shall apply for a period of five (5) 
years. 
3. Facsimile, E-fax or e-mail transmission and copies of this document, associated contract and 
annexes, when fully executed are to be considered like originals and as binding documents, 
except where proven to be fraudulent. 
Buyer's Initial:  
Seller's Initial 
EFTA00729571
--- PAGE 4 ---
BUYER'S LETTERHEAD 
By signing this LOI / MOU, both parties agree under the laws and trading guidelines set forth by the 
ICC that they are ready willing and able to complete this transaction under the terms and 
conditions stated within this letter of intent. 
AGREED AND ACCEPTED BY THE BUYER: 
Company Name 
NAME: 
TITLE: 
DATE: 
PP 
COUNTRY 
EMAIL 
S 
PLE ONLY 
AGREED AND ACCEPTED BY THE SELLER: 
NAME: 
TITLE: 
DATE: 
DL 
COUNTRY 
EMAIL 
Signature and Seal 
Buyer's Initial:  
Seller's Initial 
EFTA00729572

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729573.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729573.pdf
----------------------------------------
sb 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
ScienceBlogs 
SCIENCEBLOGS REPORTS DOUBLE-DIGIT TRAFFIC 
GROWTH FOR FY09 AND 1O10 
NEW YORK (April 6) - ScienceBlogs.com, the leading social media site in the science category, 
today released traffic figures for 2009 and the first quarter of 2010 (Source: Google Analytics). 
• 
Visits for the quarter ending March 31 grew by 41% year-over-year to approximately 13 
million, and page views topped 25 million. Monthly unique visitors grew to 2.4 million 
worldwide and in the US surpassed 2 million for the first time this March. 
• 
Total visits for 2009 grew by 55% year-over-year to 45 million and average monthly 
unique visitors climbed 49% to 1.9 million. 
• 
ScienceBlogs.com has achieved high double-digit traffic growth (at least 50%) every year 
since its launch in 2006. 
Launch-to-Date Traffic Growth (1/2006 — 3/2010) 
—
Uniques (WW) 
— 
Visits (WW) 
Pageviews (WW) 
About ScienceBlogs 
ScienceBlogs (scienceblogs.com) is the leading social media site in the science category, with 
more than 130 acclaimed blogs, 11 content channels, a jobs platform, and a fast-growing 
audience of more than 2 million unique visitors a month. ScienceBlogs recently formed a strategic 
partnership with National Geographic spanning content and advertising sales. Outside the US, 
ScienceBlogs hosts sites in Germany (scienceblogs.de) and Brazil (scienceblogs.com.br). 
### 
EFTA00729573

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729574.pdf
----------------------------------------
SC-BT730 - Blu-ray DiscTM Players - Shop and Compare at Panasonic 
Panasonic ideas for life USA 
lePasaacnc GteNe 
Abet/ Pmlabcnc 
St*Pect 
Ctxrd.rte I 
Eissinees 
I 
wick/slid 
Camera & 
Manes Computers 
Nome 
Bulking 
Personal & 
Supplies & 
Shop Home 
Televisions 
Video 
Audio Camera
& Faros &Networking 
Appliences Products Neelthcan Massa, 
I Shop and Compare t 
Learn About It 
I, 
Get Support 
Rota' Pnce 
Special Discount 
Your Price 
Ships in 1-3 business days 
Add to cart 0 
READ ALL REVIEWS WRITE A REVIEW 
Overview 
SC-BT 730 
elu-ray Disc TN Home Theater System 
• VIERA CAST' (WiiFi Ready) 
Erioccrex Act enuribnmon:ce tour IOP/ 
• Pure Direct Sound Speaker Design 
Civaks Vol vuireund sound nreviiinsioem metro ear 
seats leani tea 
• Wireless Rear Speakers Included 
Ex:incensecrest tieroael !MIA alhoolosts arm 
+ Larger Views 
Technical Specs I 
Accessories 
Reviews 
Special Oilers •;:•••• 
Need help with your online order? 
Call 1400-405-0652 
Mon-Fri 9:00 AM - 9:00 PM EST 
Sat-Sun 12:00 PM • 5:00 PM EST 
I. Cart Preview 
There are 0 items in your cart. 
Subtotal: $0.00 
People who like this also like... 
. 
SC-8T330 
L
I
lilk-ray Disc Home 
. 
'heater 
' 
SyslerrIVIERA CAST 
(Ni-Fi Ready)True 
Cinema 
SurroundKellon 
Sul:woofer 
vivre) 
SC•81•230 
Blu-ray Dist Home 
m ail 
Theater 
SysterrAlIERA CAST 
(WiiFi Ready)True 
Cinema 
SurrounoVAteless 
Rear Speaker Ready 
DIAP43I385K 
Blu-ray Disc 
PlayerSuperiei 
\Woo and Aldo 
PerbffilallCOM`ri 
Enabled with Super 
Sensitive 
Fintennalnlia Fast 
0.5 Second Bocong 
I of 4 
8/10/2010 4:09 PM
EFTA00729574
--- PAGE 2 ---
SC-BT730 - Blu-ray DiseTm Players - Shop and Compare at Panasonic 
FORMAT: 
•RNR(DL)r+RW J 
Video 
AVCHD 
DVD-ROM 
DVD Video 
CD 
CODA 
BD-ROM 
BD_Sise 2
BD-RE BD-RE DL 
BD-MV (8D-RE verson3) 
JPEG 
BD-R DL 
BD-MV(8D-R yersko2) 
DVD-RAM 
DVD.VRIJPEGr AVOID 
DVDR/DVORWIDVD-R DL 2
DVD Video 
DVD-VR 
AVOID 
JPEG/MP3 
-R DL only) 
CD-RI-RV/I 
CD-DA 
PAP3 2
JPEG 
SD Memory Card (SDHC/SCOIC) 
AVOID( JPEG / MPEG2 
Television Signal System 
NTSC 
RECOVER SECTION: 
Output Power - Home Theater Mode IRMO 
Total Power: 1000W 
Front: 125W x2 (lld-lz. 3ohrns. 10% THD) 
Center:250W (MHz &ohms. 10% THD) 
Surrand. 125W x 2 (1 kHz 3ohms. 10% THD) 
Subwoofer. 250W (100Hz. 6ohrns. 10% THD) 
Output Power Home Theater Mode (FTC) 
Total Power. 446W 
Front: 60W x 2 (120Hz-20kHz 3ohms. 1% THD) 
Center. 106W (12014z-20kHz 6ohms. 1% THD) 
Surround: SOW x 2 (120Hz-20kHz. &Oros. 1% THD) 
Subwoolec 100W (45Hz-120Hz 6ohms. 1% THD) 
Selectable Speaker Layout 
Yes (5.1ch Surround or 5.1ch Al Front Layoul) 
ED (FlaUHeavy/Clear(Soft) 
Yes (4 preset) 
Subwoofer Level 
Yes 
Center Focus 
Yes 
Whisper-mode Surround 
Yes 
Dolby& Digital Decoder I Dolby-8 Pro Logicr9 II 
Yes 
Digital Synthesizer Tuner 
Yes 
Dolby& Digital Decoder 
Yes (Dolby&TrueHD. Doty/I/Digital Plus. DelbytbDigdai) 
DTS" Decoder 
Yes (DTS1"-HD Master Audio Essential. DTS""-HO High 
Resolution Audo. DTS') 
Audio DrA Converter 
192kHz/24-bil 
Digital Amplifier 
Yes 
High Clarity Sound 
YeS 
96kHz Surround Re-Master 2 
Yes 
Station Presets 
30-FM 
Output Channel 
5.1ch 
Cinema Surround 
Yes 
7.1ch Virtual Sound Effect with 5.1ch 
Yes 
VIDEO SECTION 
Deep Color 
Yes 
Video DrA Converter 
148.5 MHz(12-tit 
PHL Reference Chorrna Processor Plus 
Yes 
High Precision 4:4:4 
YeS 
1080)24p Playback 
Yes 
Digital Noise Reduction 
Yes 
Picture Mode 
Yes 
of 4 
8/10/2010 4:09 PM
EFTA00729575
--- PAGE 3 ---
SC-BT730 - Blu-ray DiseTA1 Players - Shop and Compare at Panasonic 
Picture Adjustment 
Yes 
Zoom Function (JPEG) 
Yes 
x.v.color'• 
Yes 
P4HD (Pixel Precision Progressive Processing for HD) 
Yes 
UNIVERSAL DOCK: 
Universal Dock for iPod& 
Integrated 
iPod I 
iPhone 2 Playback (MusicNideorPhoto 12) 
Yes 
iPod/ iPhone Full Title List on Screen Display for Music 
Yes 
4/ Video Contents 
CONVENIENT: 
VIERA Link 11 
Yes (HDAVI Control 5) 
Remote Control 
AV Remote Contra 
Smart Setup 
Yes 
VIERA CAST' -12. 
Yes 
Wireless LAN System 
Ready 11
INPUT/OUTPUT: 
HMI Output 
Video Out 
Audio Input 
(AUX [Stereo Mini Jack. 3.5nraji 
Wireless Terminal 
Ethernet Terminal 
USB Slot (for Wi'Fi) 
Digital Input 
(optical) 
SPEAKER SYSTEM: 
Front Configuration 
2-way 3-speaker. Bass-reflex 
Front Speaker Unit 
Woofer. 1-3f8 4- Cone Type x2. 
Tweeter. V Serri-dare Type 
Front Weight (lb.) (Approx.) 
607 
Front Dimensions (H x W x D) (Approx.] 
40-7i32 x 10.1/16 x 10-1/16 
Center Configuration 
2-way 3-speaker. Bass-reflex 
Center Speaker Unit 
Woofer: 
it-Cone Type x2. 
Tweeter. V Serri-dame Type 
Center Weight (lb.) (Approx.' 
2.34 
Center Dimensions (H x W x D) (Approx.] 
2-11132 x16-23132 x 3 
Surround Configuration 
1-way 1-speaker. Bass-reflex 
Surround Speaker Unit 
2-1/2' Full Range. Cone Type 
Surround Weight (lb.) [Approx.] 
0.88 
Surround Dimensions (H z W z D) [Approx.) 
4-11/16' x3-5/3T x 2-11/16° 
Subwoofer Configuration 
way 1 speaker (Kelton Type) 
Subwoofer Speaker Unit 
orcoet. 8.12' Cone Type. Passive Radator. 10' 
Subwoofer Weight (lb.) (Approx.] 
10.1 
Subwoofer Dimensions (H x W x D) [Approx.] 
12.11/16 x 7-1/8 z 13.13116 
Wireless Rear 
Yes 
Pure Direct Sound Speaker 
Yes (Irani. center) 
Advanced Bamboo Cone 
Yes (fronl. center) 
SPECIFICATIONS: 
Weight (lb.) (Approx.] 
Dimensions (M x W x D) (Approx.) 
2-1113- x 16-15116- x 11.5116-
Footnotes 
of 4 
8/10/2010 4:09 PM
EFTA00729576
--- PAGE 4 ---
SC-BT730 - Blu-ray DiscTM Players - Shop and Compare at Panasonic 
Discs retarded and finalized on DVD Hideo recorders/cameras 
e 0 TeetA Profile 2 (BO.Live fete includes BCNJSVIEW functions.) To enjoy additional oznents (such as BD- Lix) on cabin 
Bluay Disc Hes. you ail need to insert an SO card (1G8 ce mace of free spacet Sold separately). Requires broadband Planet 
sonic°. 
Discs recorded and finalized on DVD tided recorders/cameras 
Playabilly fray wry depending en the COMMIS. discs and quality of the recadrg. This slit can pby CD-CIA lama audio CD-1 
and CD-RW. II may not be ebb to ply sane CD-R or CO-RIV due to the ccoalen of Ile record% 
S MP] audo decodrg Oxhnolagy licensed from Ftzunholer Its and Thomson nuthreeka. For confers recorded on CD-RRW 
Tele from CDs for your persona we. Pa/atilt/ mart wry depending en contents and discs. 
CD serving is done at 88.2 kHz. MP3 dab can be ternastered only on CD. 
filade Ice Pod 
Made Ice Pod 
W065%401 iPhone. 
ID To enjoy %ideal:hob contents on iPalitahre. pease connect your hare theater sand system art composite Nide° cable to 
your TV. 
Not al VIERA Link' Centres are usabe with eater VIERA Link' conpabble product?. 
Replies tgoadband Irterrel sauce. 
With to wahine of Ile Wireless LAN Adapt. 
• • 
• 
• • fir - BUSINESS PRODUCTS 'INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS 
OUTSMA AM & TELEVISIONS BLIARAY DISC PLATERS s DVD RECORDERS I 
NOW. TIRANA PORTM1LL AUDIO TtCHNICS DJ TZLEPHONES BUSINESS MICRO PAX & 
PRINTERS. MOOR! COMPUTERS NETVANTIL CAMERAS VACUUMS I MICROWAVE 
' IRONS I KIMMINS NPWWCESI VENTILATION FANS MEWS SHAVERS [WORM" SHAVERS. [MAMAS MASSAGI 
IQUIPSIIIRT 1 tellALMONte SUPPLIES. WIS ACCeSSOlatS I VUW ts.L CONSUMER CARI00031$ 
Stima
lifilatszEr 
310% 
fi k Asa 
P 
W tear I
Copyright0 2009 Panasonic Caporabon ci North America. AI tights reserved. I Panasonic Direct Store Policies I Pricing 8 Specificaions Policy 
r Privacy Policy 
of 4 
8/10/2010 4:09 PM
EFTA00729577

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729578.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729578.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of Florida 
DELIVERY BY ELECTRONIC MAIL 
Jay P. Lefkowitz, Esq. 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
Citigroup Center 
153 East 53rd Street 
New York, New York 10022-4675 
Re: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Jay: 
500 S. Australian Ave, Ste 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
(561) 820-8711 
Facsimile: (561) 820-8777 
December 13, 2007 
I am writing not to respond to your asserted "policy concerns" regarding Mr. Epstein's Non-
Prosecution Agreement, which will be addressed by the United States Attorney, but the time has 
come for me to respond to the ever-increasing attacks on my role in the investigation and 
negotiations. 
It is an understatement to say that I am surprised by your allegations regarding my role 
because I thought that we had worked very well together in resolving this dispute. I also am 
surprised because I feel that I bent over backwards to keep in mind the effect that the agreement 
would have on Mr. Epstein and to make sure that you (and he) understood the repercussions of the 
agreement. For example, I brought to your attention that one potential plea could result in no gain 
time for your client; I corrected one of your calculations of the Sentencing Guidelines that would 
have resulted in Mr. Epstein spending far more time in prison than you projected; I contacted the 
Bureau of Prisons to see whether Mr. Epstein would be eligible for the prison camp that you desired; 
and I told you my suspicions about the source of the press "leak" and suggested ways to avoid the 
press. Importantly, I continued to work with you in a professional manner even after I learned that 
you had been proceeding in bad faith for several weeks — thinking that I had incorrectly concluded 
that solicitation of minors to engage in prostitution was a registrable offense and that you would 
"fool" our Office into letting Mr. Epstein plead to a non-registrable offense. Even now, when it is 
clear that neither you nor your client ever intended to abide by the terms of the agreement that he 
signed, I have never alleged misconduct on your part. 
The first allegation that you raise is that I "assiduously" hid from you the fact that Bert 
Ocariz is a friend of my boyfriend and that I have a "longstanding relationship" with Mr. Ocariz. 
EFTA00729578
--- PAGE 2 ---
JAY P. LEFKOWI1Z, ESQ. 
DECEMBER 13, 2007 
PAGE 2 OF 5 
I informed you that I selected Mr. Ocariz because he was a friend and classmate of two people 
whom I respected, and that I had never met or spoken with Mr. Ocariz prior to contacting him about 
this case. All of those facts are true. I still have never met Mr. Ocariz, and, at the time that he and 
I spoke about this case, he did not know about my relationship with his friend. You suggest that I 
should have explicitly informed you that one of the referrals came from my "boyfriend" rather than 
simply a "friend," which is the term I used, but it is not my nature to discuss my personal 
relationships with opposing counsel. Your attacks on me and on the victims establish why I wanted 
to find someone whom I could trust with safeguarding the victims' best interests in the face of 
intense pressure from an unlimited number of highly skilled and well paid attorneys. Mr. Ocariz 
was that person. 
One of your letters suggests a business relationship between Mr. Ocariz and my boyfriend. 
This is patently untrue and neither my boyfriend nor I would have received any financial benefit 
from Mr. Ocariz's appointment. Furthermore, after Mr. Ocariz learned more about Mr. Epstein's 
actions (as described below), he expressed a willingness to handle the case pro bono, with no 
financial benefit even to himself. Furthermore, you were given several other options to choose from, 
including the Podhurst firm, which was later selected by Judge Davis. You rejected those other 
options. 
You also allege that I improperly disclosed information about the case to Mr. Ocariz. I 
provided Mr. Ocariz with a bare bones summary of the agreement's terms related to his appointment 
to help him decide whether the case was something he and his firm would be willing to undertake. 
I did not provide Mr. Ocariz with facts related to the investigation because they were confidential 
and instead recommended that he "Google" Mr. Epstein's name for background information. When 
Mr. Ocariz asked for additional information to assist his firm in addressing conflicts issues, I 
forwarded those questions to you, and you raised objections for the first time. I did not share any 
further information about Mr. Epstein or the case. Since Mr. Ocariz had been told that you 
concurred in his selection, out of professional courtesy, I informed Mr. Ocariz of the Office's 
decision to use a Special Master to make the selection and told him that the Office had made contact 
with Judge Davis. We have had no further contact since then and I have never had contact with 
Judge Davis. I understand from you that Mr. Ocariz contacted Judge Davis. You criticize his 
decision to do so, yet you feel that you and your co-counsel were entitled to contact Judge Davis to 
try to "lobby" him to select someone to your liking, despite the fact that the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement vested the Office with the exclusive right to select the attorney representative. 
Another reason for my surprise about your allegations regarding misconduct related to the 
Section 2255 litigation is your earlier desire to have me perform the role of "facilitator" to convince 
the victims that the lawyer representative was selected by the Office to represent their interests alone 
and that the out-of-court settlement of their claims was in their best interests. You now state that 
doing the same things that you had asked me to do earlier is improper meddling in civil litigation. 
Much of your letter reiterates the challenges to Detective Recarey's investigation that have 
EFTA00729579
--- PAGE 3 ---
JAY P. LEFKOWITZ, ESQ. 
DECEMBER 13, 2007 
PAGE 3 OF 5 
already been submitted to the Office on several occasions and you suggest that I have kept that 
information from those who reviewed the proposed indictment package. Contrary to your 
suggestion, those submissions were attached to and incorporated in the proposed indictment 
package, so your suggestion that I tried to hide something from the reviewers is false. I also take 
issue with the duplicity of stating that we must accept as true those parts of the Recarey reports and 
witness statements that you like and we must accept as false those parts that you do not like. You 
and your co-counsel also impressed upon me from the beginning the need to undertake an 
independent investigation. It seems inappropriate now to complain because our independent 
investigation uncovered facts that are unfavorable to your client. 
You complain that I "forced" your client and the State Attorney's Office to proceed on 
charges that they do not believe in, yet you do not want our Office to inform the State Attorney's 
Office of facts that support the additional charge nor do you want any of the victims of that charge 
to contact Ms. Belohlavek or the Court. Ms. Belohlavek's opinion may change if she knows the full 
scope of your client's actions. You and I spent several weeks trying to identify and put together a 
plea to federal charges that your client was willing to accept. Yet your letter now accuses me of 
"manufacturing" charges of obstruction of justice, making obscene phone calls, and violating child 
privacy laws. When Mr. Lourie told you that those charges would "embarrass the Office," he meant 
that the Office was unwilling to bend the facts to satisfy Mr. Epstein's desired prison sentence — a 
statement with which I agree. 
I hope that you understand how your accusations that I imposed "ultimatums" and "forced" 
you and your client to agree to unconscionable contract terms cannot square with the true facts of 
this case. As explained in letters from Messrs. Acosta and Sloman, the indictment was postponed 
for more than five months to allow you and Mr. Epstein's other attorneys to make presentations to 
the Office to convince the Office not to prosecute. Those presentations were unsuccessful. As you 
mention in your letter, I —a simple line AUSA — handled the primary negotiations for the Office, and 
conducted those negotiations with you, Ms. Sanchez, Mr. Lewis, and a host of other highly skilled 
and experienced practitioners. As you put it, your group has a "combined 250 years experience" to 
my fourteen. The agreement itself was signed by Mr. Epstein, Ms. Sanchez, and Mr. Lefcourt, 
whose experience speaks for itself. You and I spent hours negotiating the terms, including when to 
use "a" versus "the" and other minutiae. When you and I could not reach agreement, you repeatedly 
went over my head, involving Messrs. Lourie, Menthe', Sloman, and Acosta in the negotiations at 
various times. In any and all plea negotiations the defendant understands that his options are to 
plead or to continue with the investigation and proceed to trial. Those were the same options that 
were proposed to Mr. Epstein, and they are not "persecution or intimidation tactics." Mr. Epstein 
chose to sign the agreement with the advice of a multitude of extremely noteworthy counsel. 
You also make much of the fact that the names of the victims were not released to Mr. 
Epstein prior to signing the Agreement. You never asked for such a term. During an earlier 
meeting, where Mr. Black was present, he raised the concern that you now voice. Mr. Black and 
I did not have a chance to discuss the issue, but I had already conceived of a way to resolve that 
EFTA00729580
--- PAGE 4 ---
JAY P. LEFKOWITZ, ESQ. 
DECEMBER 13, 2007 
PAGE 4 OF S 
issue if it were raised during negotiations. As I stated, it was not, leading me to believe that it was 
not a matter of concern to the defense. Since the signing of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, the 
agents and I have vetted the list of victims more than once. In one instance, we decided to remove 
a name because, although the minor victim was touched inappropriately by Mr. Epstein, we decided 
that the link to a payment was insufficient to call it "prostitution." I have always remained open to 
a challenge to the list, so your suggestion that Mr. Epstein was forced to write a blank check is 
simply unfounded. 
Your last set of allegations relates to the investigation of the matter. For instance, you claim 
that some of the victims were informed of their right to collect damages prior to a thorough 
investigation of their allegations against Mr. Epstein. This also is false. None of the victims was 
informed of the right to sue under Section 2255 prior to the investigation of the claims. Three 
victims were notified shortly after the signing of the Non-Prosecution Agreement of the general 
terms of that Agreement. You raised objections to any victim notification, and no further 
notifications were done. Throughout this process you have seen that I have prepared this case as 
though it would proceed to trial. Notifying the witnesses of the possibility of damages claims prior 
to concluding the matter by plea or trial would only undermine my case. If my reassurances are 
insufficient, the fact that not a single victim has threatened to sue Mr. Epstein should assure you of 
the integrity of the investigation.' 
'There are numerous other unfounded allegations in your letter about document demands, 
the money laundering investigation, contacting potential witnesses, speaking with the press, and the 
like. For the most part, these allegations have been raised and disproven earlier and need not be 
readdressed. However, with respect to the subpoena served upon the private investigator, contrary 
to your assertion, and as your co-counsel has already been told, I sfid consult with the Justice 
Department prior to issuing the subpoena and I was told that because I was not subpoenaing an 
attorney's office or an office physically located within an attorney's office, and because the business 
did private investigation work for individuals (rather than working exclusively for Mr. Black), I 
could issue a grand jury subpoena in the normal course, which is what I did. I also did not 
"threaten" the State Attorney's Office with a grand jury subpoena, as the correspondence with their 
grand jury coordinator makes perfectly clear. 
With regard to your allegation of my filing the Palm Beach Police Department's probable 
cause affidavit "with the court knowing that the public could access it," I do not know to what you 
are referring. Ail documents related to the grand jury investigation have been filed under seal, and 
the Palm Beach Police Department's probable cause affidavit has never been filed with the Court. 
If, in fact, you are referring to the Ex Parte Declaration of Joseph Recarey that was filed in response 
to the motion to quash the grand jury subpoena, it was filed both under seal and ex parte, so no one 
should have access to it except the Court and myself. Those documents are still in the Court file 
only because you have violated one of the terms of the Agreement by failing to "withdraw 
[Epstein's] pending motion to intervene and to quash certain grand jury subpoenas." 
EFTA00729581
--- PAGE 5 ---
JAY P. LEFKOW1TZ, ESQ. 
DECEMBER 13, 2007 
PAGE 5 OF 5 
With respect to Ms. Miller, I contacted her attorney — who was paid for by Mr. Epstein and 
was directed by counsel for Mr. Epstein to demand immunity — and asked only whether he still 
represented Ms. Miller and if he wanted me to send the victim notification letter to him. He asked 
what the letter would say and I told him that the letter would be forthcoming in about a week and 
that I could not provide him with the terms. With respect to Ms. Miller's status as a victim, you 
again want us to accept as true only facts that are beneficial to your client and to reject as false 
anything detrimental to him. Ms. Miller made a number of statements that are contradicted by 
documentary evidence and a review of her recorded statement shows her lack of credibility with 
respect to a number of statements. Based upon all of the evidence collected, Ms. Miller is classified 
as a victim as defined by statute. Of course, that does not mean that Ms. Miller considers herself 
a victim or that she would seek damages from Mr. Epstein. I believe that a number of the identified 
victims will not seek damages, but that does not negate their legal status as victims. 
I hope that you now understand that your accusations against myself and the agents are 
unfounded. In the future, I recommend that you address your accusations to me so that I can correct 
any misunderstandings before you make false allegations to others in the Department. I hope that 
we can move forward with a professional resolution of this matter, whether that be by your client's 
adherence to the contract that he signed, or by virtue of a trial. 
Sincerely, 
R. Alexander Acosta 
United States Attorney 
By: 
s/A. Marie Villafalia 
A. Marie Villafafia 
Assistant United States Attorney 
cc: 
IL Alexander Acosta, U.S. Attorney 
Jeffrey Sloman, First Assistant U.S. Attorney 
You also accuse me of "broaden[ing] the scope of the investigation without any foundation 
for doing so by adding charges of money laundering and violations of a money transmitting business 
to the investigation." Again, I consulted with the Justice Department's Money Laundering Section 
about my analysis before expanding that scope. The duty attorney agreed with my analysis. 
EFTA00729582

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729583.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 1 of 19 
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC., 
Plaintiff, 
) ) 
) 
) 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
THE BEAR STEARNS COMPANIES INC. 
) 
IURY TRIAL DEMANDED 
) 
Defendant 
) 
) 
CIVIL NO. 2009/106 
ACTION FOR DAMAGES 
VERIFIED COMPLAINT 
COMES NOW the Plaintiff, Financial Trust Company, Inc. ("Financial Trust"), by 
and through its undersigned counsel, and for its Verified Complaint against Defendant 
The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. ("Bear Stearns"), alleges as follows: 
1. 
Financial Trust was at all relevant times herein a corporation incorporated 
under the laws of the Virgin Islands with its principal place of business in the Virgin 
Islands. 
2. 
Bear Stearns was at all relevant times herein a Delaware corporation with 
its principal place of business in the State of New York. On June Z 2008, JP Morgan 
Chase & Co. ("JP Morgan") completed its acquisition of Bear Stearns making Bear 
Stearns a wholly owned subsidiary of JP Morgan. 
3. 
This Court has subject matter jurisdiction over this action pursuant to 28 
U.S.C. Section 1332(a) based on diversity of citizenship and because the amount in 
controversy exceeds $75,000.00, exdusive of interest and costs. 
EFTA00729583
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 2 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 2 
4. 
Venue is proper in this District under 28 U.S.0 Section 1391 because a 
substantial part of the acts and omissions giving rise to the Verified Complaint were 
committed or occurred in this District. 
5. 
Financial Trust was at all relevant times herein engaged in the business of 
providing financial and business consulting services, and in connection therewith, 
makes investments in securities and other investments, which it reasonably expects to 
be profitable and appropriate. 
6. 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), a Virgin Islands resident, was at all relevant 
times herein the president, a director, and the sole shareholder of Financial Trust. 
Epstein has had a relationship with Bear Stearns beginning in 1976. Since 1981, Epstein 
has conducted hundreds of millions of dollars in transactions with Bear Stearns for his 
own, as well as his clients', accounts and he conducted this business with the senior 
management of Bear Stearns. 
7. 
At or about the time of the events in question, Financial Trust owned and 
held 120,000 shares of Bear Stearns stock in a brokerage account maintained at Merrill 
Lynch, Account No. 5AX-07000 (the "Merrill Lynch Account"). 
8. 
Epstein was at all relevant times herein the principal of Financial Trust 
with sole responsibility for the initial investment analysis, purchase decisions, ongoing 
financial analysis and sale decisions relating to Bear Stearns stock. 
9. 
James Cayne ("Cayne") was the Chief Executive Officer of Bear Stearns 
from 1993 until January 2008 and Chairman of the Board from 2001 until Bear Stearns' 
collapse in March, 2008. 
10. 
Warren Spector ("Spector") was Co-President and Co-Chief Operating 
Officer of Bear Stearns from 2001 until August 2007. Spector was forced to resign these 
EFTA00729584
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 3 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 3 
positions in August 2007, but remained Senior Managing Director of Bear Stearns until 
December 28, 2007. 
11. 
Samuel Molinaro ("Molinaro") was Chief Financial Officer of Bear Stearns 
at all relevant times herein. He became CFO in October 1996. He became Executive Vice 
President of Bear Stearns in December 2001 and Chief Operating Officer in August 2007. 
12. 
Alan Schwartz ("Schwartz") became Co-President and Co-COO of Bear 
Stearns on June 25, 2001. He was named the President of Bear Stearns on August 5, 2007 
and became the Chief Executive Officer on January 9, 2008. 
13. 
Alan Greenberg ("Greenberg") was a director of Bear Stearns at all 
relevant times herein. He was Chairman of the Board from 1985 to 2001, CEO from 1978 
to 1993 and served as Chairman of the Executive Committee at the time of Bear Steams' 
collapse in March 2008. 
14. 
The actions and omissions by all of Bear Stearns' agents and employees 
and the knowledge of all of Bear Stearns' agents and employees are imputed to Bear 
Stearns under the doctrine of respondeat superior. 
15. 
Bear Stearns and its agents fraudulently overstated the value of Bear 
Stearns' mortgages, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities and other derivative 
financial instruments, the adequacy of its liquidity and capital reserves, and the quality 
of Bear Stearns' risk management with the intent of inducing Financial Trust to retain 
the shares of Bear Stearns held in the Merrill Lynch Account, which Financial Trust did 
until Bear Steams' collapse in March 2008. 
16. 
Bear Steams sought to induce Financial Trust to retain its Bear Stearns 
stock because, among other reasons, Bear Stearns knew that other large investors would 
view Financial Trust's sale of a significant block of shares of Bear Stearns stock as a loss 
EFTA00729585
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 4 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 4 
of confidence in Bear Stearns by a company owned and managed by a person seen by 
such large investors as close to the firm. This would undermine confidence in Bear 
Stearns' management at a critical time when Bear Stearns' liquidity and Bear Stearns' 
valuation of its assets were being investigated by the press, including Landon Thomas 
at the New York Times, following the collapse of two Bear Stearns hedge funds, the 
Bear Stearns High-Grade Structured Credit Strategies Fund ("the "High-Grade Fund") 
and the Bear Stearns High-Grade Structured Credit Strategies Leverage Fund ("the 
Enhanced Fund") (collectively "the Hedge Funds"), in the summer of 2007. 
17. 
Because Financial Trust was a major, long-time investor in Bear Stearns, 
Epstein regularly communicated directly with the most senior management of Bear 
Stearns. 
18. 
Bear Stearns knew that Financial Trust would not retain shares of Bear 
Stearns stock if Bear Steams accurately, honestly and completely described Bear 
Stearns' true financial condition and the failed processes of Bear Stearns' risk 
management in the area of mortgage-backed securities. For example, Bear Stearns knew 
that if Financial Trust and Epstein concluded that Bear Stearns' capital base was 
materially overstated due to Bear Steams' failure to properly mark to market its assets 
(failure to value securities at fair market value), and that Bear Stearns' liquidity and 
capital reserves were insufficient, Financial Trust would sell its shares of Bear Stearns 
stock. 
19. 
The late disclosure of the true value of Bear Stearns' assets and the 
insufficiency of Bear Stearns' liquidity and capital reserves resulted in Bear Stearns' 
ultimate collapse and the precipitous decline of Bear Steams stock price, thereby 
injuring Financial Trust. On Monday, March 17, 2008, Bear Steams shares fell to as low 
EFTA00729586
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 5 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 5 
as $2.84 per share following the announcement by JP Morgan that it had reached an 
agreement to purchase Bear Stearns for $2.00 per share. Bear Stearns was successful in 
untruthfully manipulating Financial Trust to retain its shares until it collapsed in 
March, 2008. 
20. 
Financial Trust sold 20,000 Bear Stearns shares, held in the Merrill Lynch 
Account, on or about March 14, 2008 for a severely reduced price of $34.9876 per share, 
and sold 100,000 shares held in the Merrill Lynch Account, on or about March 17, 2008 
for the sacrifice price of $3.4095 per share. 
21. 
Bear Steams' false and misleading material misrepresentations and 
omissions, in oral conversations and meetings which Epstein had with the highest 
levels of Bear Stearns' senior management, and in SEC filings and Bear Steams' investor 
conference video presentations and press releases which Epstein read, viewed, and 
relied upon, caused Financial Trust substantial losses. Financial Trust was injured by 
Bear Steams' misrepresentations and omissions that fraudulently and negligently 
overstated the value of Bear Stearns assets and therefore its capital base and concealed 
Bear Stearns' liquidity problems and insufficient capital reserves and its vulnerability to 
market circumstances. When these facts were disclosed, the value of Bear Stearns stock 
fell drastically, resulting in injury to Financial Trust. 
22. 
Bear Steams' capital base as affected by its retained mortgages, mortgage-
backed and asset-backed securities and its ability to "repo" its securities (short term or 
overnight borrowings secured by various assets on the balance sheet) was critical to 
Epstein's evaluation when Bear Steams experienced difficulties with its future revenue 
stream beginning in 2006. 
EFTA00729587
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 6 of 19 
Financial Trusf Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 6 
23. 
In conducting ongoing financial analysis of the company, Epstein relied 
on bear Stearns' publicly filed financial statements, as well as personal discussions with 
Bear Stearns' senior management, including Cayne and Greenberg, concerning, without 
limitation, Bear Stearns' liquidity and capital reserves, accounting policies and 
valuation procedures. 
24. 
Bear Stearns had a capital base consisting of a concentration of assets in 
mortgages and mortgage-backed securities. Mortgages, mortgage-backed and other 
asset-backed securities and other derivative financial instruments held by Bear Stearns 
were a major slice of the Bear Stearns capital base pie: 
• 
According to its 2004 10-K, Bear Stearns reported that it held $27.679 
billion in mortgages, mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and 
$12.711 billion in other derivative financial instruments. 
• 
According to its 2005 10-K, Bear Stearns reported that it held $40.297 
billion in mortgages, mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and 
$12.957 billion in other derivative financial instruments. 
• 
According to its 2006 10-K, Bear Stearns reported that it held $43.266 
billion in mortgages, mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and 
$11.617 billion in other derivative financial instruments. 
• 
According to its 2007 10-K, Bear Stearns reported that it held $46.141 
billion in mortgages, mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and 
$19.725 billion in other derivative financial instruments. 
25. 
By August 2006, a significant downtown in the housing market was being 
experienced across the country. Consequently, default rates on subprime mortgages 
began to rise. 
EFTA00729588
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 7 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 7 
26. 
Because of Bear Stearns' substantial exposure to the U.S. residential 
mortgage market, Epstein became concerned the downturn in the housing market and 
the rising defaults in the subprime markets would have an outsized effect on Bear 
Stearns' ability to borrow in the repo market. Beginning in the summer of 2006 and 
continuing through 2007 and the beginning of 2008, Epstein had numerous telephone 
conversations about such matters with Cayne or Greenberg, during which telephone 
calls Epstein received repeated false and misleading assurances from Cayne and 
Greenberg regarding Bear Stearns' unimpaired access to funds in the repo market 
27. 
Bear Stearns and its agents repeatedly materially misrepresented the value 
of Bear Stearns' assets as well as its processes to calculate value in Bear Stearns' public 
financial statements and made false and misleading misrepresentations and omissions 
in these statements. 
28. 
Epstein read 
the 
false, 
misleading, incomplete and material 
representations in Bear Stearns' financial statements as it was Epstein's practice to read 
all of Bear Stearns' Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings with the SEC and he reasonably 
relied upon these representations, in addition to the confirmation of financial stability 
that he received from Bear Stearns' senior management, in Epstein's analysis of Bear 
Stearns in deciding whether Financial Trust should retain its shares of Bear Stearns 
stock which Financial Trust did to its economic detriment 
29. 
Bear Stearns' false and misleading material misrepresentations in SEC 
filings, which Epstein read and relied upon, include, but are not limited to, the 
following: 
(a) 
Bear Steams' 200610-K representations that the public filing disclosed the 
"fair value" of Bear Stearns' holdings and obligations regarding 
EFTA00729589
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 8 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 8 
mortgages, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities and other 
derivative financial instruments, that Bear Stearns marked "its financial 
instruments owned to fair value on a daily basis", that Bear Stearns 
compared its "model-based valuations with counterparties in conjunction 
with collateral exchange agreements"; and that Bear Stearns "regularly 
evaluate[d] and enhance[d]" its Value at Risk models "in an effort to more 
accurately measure risk of loss"; 
(b) 
Bear Stearns' second quarter 200710-Q's representation that Bear Stearns 
"regularly evaluate[d] and enhance[d]" its Value at Risk models "in an 
effort to more accurately measure risk of loss"; 
(c) 
Bear Stearns' third-quarter 2007 10-Qs representations that Bear Stearns 
"regularly evaluate[d] and enhance[d]" its Value at Risk models "in an 
effort to more accurately measure risk of loss" and that the current market 
value of Bear Stearns' retained mortgages, mortgage-backed and asset-
backed securities was $55.936 billion and that the current market value of 
its other retained derivative financial instruments was $14.688 billion; 
(d) 
Bear Steams' 2007 10-K's representation that Bear Stearns "compared[d] 
its model-based valuations with counterparties in conjunction with 
collateral exchange agreements" and that Bear Stearns "regularly 
evaluate[d] and enhanced" its Value at Risk models "in an effort to more 
accurately measure risk of loss"; 
(e) 
Bear Steams' 200710-K's representations that the current market value of 
Bear Steams' retained mortgages, mortgage-backed and asset-backed 
EFTA00729590
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 9 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 9 
securities was $46.141 billion and that the current market value of its other 
retained derivative financial instruments was $19.725 billion. 
30. 
All of the SEC filings referred to herein which had been read and relied 
upon by Epstein had been certified by Molinaro as the CFO of Bear Stearns and, with 
the exception of the 200710-K, all of the SEC filings referred to herein had been certified 
by Cayne as the CEO. The 2007 10-K had been certified by Molinaro as CFO and 
Schwartz as CEO. 
31. 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Office of Inspector 
General, Office of Audits, in a Report entitled "SEC's Oversight of Bear Steams and 
Related Entities: The Consolidated Supervised Entity Program", dated September 25, 
2008 (the "SEC Report"), found that Bear Stearns used outdated, 10 year old Value at 
Risk models to assign values to its mortgage-backed securities which it failed to review 
even after the SEC warned Bear Stearns about them, that Bear Stearns failed to review, 
evaluate, or update its Value at Risk models, which were key to Bear Stearns' risk 
management, and that Bear Stearns publicly reported values for its retained mortgages, 
mortgage-and-asset backed securities and other derivative securities and other 
derivative financial instruments that were materially higher than those assigned by 
Bear Stearns' own risk managers and higher than Bear Steams itself used for those same 
securities in transactions with counterparties. 
32. 
On July 17, 2007, Bear Steams reported that the Enhanced Fund could not 
meet investor redemption requests and margin calls in early June. Despite the Enhanced 
Fund's efforts to sell assets to raise liquidity, the Enhanced Fund could not meet its 
margin obligations and counterparties moved to seize collateral. 
EFTA00729591
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 10 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 10 
33. 
The day after the disintegration of the Enhanced Fund was announced, 
Layne and Spector commenced participating in a 10-day bridge tournament in 
Nashville, Tennessee. 
34. 
On August 3, 2007, Bear Stearns held a conference call that afternoon 
claiming that its financial position was "extremely solid...". 
35. 
Bear Stearns issued a supporting press release in which it proclaimed, 
among other things, that "...the balance sheet, capital base and liquidity profile have 
never been stronger." 
36. 
Following the effective demise of the Enhanced Fund, Financial Trust on 
August 6, 2007 sold 56,350 shares of Bear Stearns stock for $101.3799 per share. Epstein 
was concerned by what he had learned from reports about the Hedge Funds' problems 
and intended to sell the 120,000 shares of Bear Stearns stock held in the Merrill Lynch 
Account. 
37. 
On or about August 6, 2007, Epstein was in the Virgin Islands and had 
phone conversations with Cayne about the demise of the Hedge Funds and the extent 
of the danger they posed to Bear Stearns as an enterprise, and Epstein's intention to sell 
Financial Trust's holdings in Bear Stearns stock. 
38. 
Cayne, during the phone conversations on August 6, 2007 with Epstein, 
induced Epstein to retain Financial Trust's shares of Bear Steams stock. 
39. 
Cayne advised Epstein in the August 6, 2007 phone conversations that 
Financial Trust should retain its Bear Stearns stock because the problems that caused 
the collapse of the Hedge Funds were contained to those two funds. In addition, Cayne 
represented to Epstein that Bear Stearns itself owned good assets with solid valuations 
and had adequate liquidity. Cayne further represented that the Enhanced Fund's high 
EFTA00729592
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 11 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 11 
leverage and resulting liquidity issues did not affect Bear Stearns, itself, and did not 
impair BearStearntabiliqT5borrow in the repo market. Cayne also stated in multiple 
telephone conversations with Epstein beginning in August 2007 that Bear Stearns was 
working on a deal with China Citic Group, a large Chinese investment bank, which 
would provide a one billion dollar capital infusion as ample confirmation of Bear 
Stearns' financial health, notwithstanding the collapse of the Hedge Funds., so he 
advised Epstein to "hold tight" and for Financial Trust to retain its Bear Stearns stock as 
a solid investment. Epstein reasonably relied upon Cayne's representations which were 
made to induce Epstein to retain Financial Trust's shares of Bear Stearns stock. 
40. 
Bear Stearns stock closed on August 6, 2007 at $113.81 per share. 
41. 
On or about October 4, 2007, Bear Stearns hosted an "Investor Day" 
conference intended to reassure investors regarding the fixed-income segment of Bear 
Stearns that handled Bear Stearns' business in mortgage-backed securities. 
42. 
During the conference, Cayne, Schwartz and Molinaro reassured investors 
regarding the risk to Bear Stearns from Bear Steams' subprime exposure and the 
adequacy of Bear Stearns' liquidity and capital, the financial condition of Bear Stearns 
and the value of Bear Stearns' retained financial assets. 
43. 
These claims were materially false and misleading when made. As Cayne, 
Schwartz and Molinaro knew, Bear Stearns' liquidity and capital reserves were 
insufficient given market conditions, placing Bear Steams at risk 
44. 
Epstein reviewed and relied upon the materially false and misleading 
statements made at the conference, inducing him to continue to retain the shares of Bear 
Stearns stock owned by Financial Trust in the Merrill Lynch Account. 
EFTA00729593
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #:1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 12 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 12 
45. 
If Cayne, Schwartz and Molinaro had honestly, completely and accurately 
reported-the-facts-about Bear Stearns' v uao
-rfirassets 
and the true position of its 
liquidity and capital reserves, Financial Trust would have sold the 120,000 shares held 
in the Merrill Lynch Account 
46. 
On or about November 14, 2007, just over a month after the reassurances 
made during the "Investor Day" conference, Bear Stearns announced that it expected to 
write down $1.2 billion on its retained mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and 
asset-backed securities and other derivative financial instruments. 
47. 
On or about November 14, 2007, Molinaro, in a publicized presentation at 
the Merrill Lynch Banking and Finance Conference, represented that the write-downs 
should "suffice" to accurately value products such as mortgages, mortgage-backed 
securities and asset-backed securities and other derivative financial instruments that 
Bear Stearns retained on its balance sheet and claimed that the worst of Bear Stearns' 
mortgage write-downs was over. 
48. 
Epstein was aware of, and subsequently reviewed and relied upon, the 
materially false and misleading remarks made by Molinaro at the November 14, 2007 
presentation, which induced him to retain the shares of Bees Stearns stock owned by 
Financial Trust held in the Merrill Lynch Account. 
49. 
On or about December 20, 2007, only five weeks after claiming that it had 
properly written down the value of its assets, Bear Stearns announced that it was 
increasing its write-downs by almost 60%, from $1.2 billion to $1.9 billion. 
50. 
On March 10, 2008, Bear Stearns issued a press release claiming that there 
was "absolutely no truth to the rumors of the liquidity problems" at Bear Stearns and 
EFTA00729594
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #:1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 13 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 13 
quoting Schwartz as stating that Bear Stearns' 'balance sheet, liquidity, and capital 
remain strong". 
51. 
On or about the weekend of March 14, 2008, J1' Morgan offered just $2.00 a 
share for Bear Stearns stock. Eventually, JP Morgan paid $10.00 per share. 
52. 
Financial Trust sold 20,000 Bear Stearns shares, held in the Merrill Lynch 
Account, on March 14, 2008 for $34.9876 per share, and sold 100,000 shares held in the 
Merrill Lynch Account, on March 17, 2008 for $3.4095 per share. 
53. 
On March 31, 2008, JP Morgan and Bear Stearns announced that JP 
Morgan had completed its acquisition of Bear Stearns. As part of the JP Morgan 
announced accord, the Federal Reserve agreed to help it guarantee Bear Stearns' trading 
obligations, including funding up to $30 billion of Bear Steams less liquid assets . 
COUNT I (FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION) 
54. 
Financial Trust repeats and realleges, as if set forth fully herein, the 
allegations of all the preceding paragraphs of this Verified Complaint. 
55. 
The material misrepresentations and omissions by Bear Stearns alleged 
herein regarding the adequacy of Bear Stearns' liquidity and capital reserves, Bear 
Stearns' risk management, Bear Stearns' financial condition, and the value of Bear 
Stearns' assets were false and misleading at the time they were made and Bear Stearns 
knew they were false and misleading. 
56. 
The material misrepresentations and omissions made by Bear Stearns 
regarding its risk management infrastructure and processes, its financial condition 
including the value of its assets, ampleness of its liquidity and the adequacy of its 
capital reserves were misleading and false when made and Bear Stearns knew they 
were false and misleading. 
EFTA00729595
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 14 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 14 
57. 
Bear Stearns' false and misleading material misrepresentations and 
----0--- iCsmcludiTrvithout 'mutation, the Form 10-Qs and Form 10-K's certified by 
officers of Bear Stearns and filed with the SEC for the calendar years 2006 and 2007, the 
false and misleading material statements and omissions made by Bear Stearns' officers 
and top executives at the October 4, 2007 Investor Day Conference, the publicized 
presentation at the Merrill Lynch Banking and Finance Conference on November 14, 
2007, and Bear Stearns' misrepresentation in a press release on or about March 10, 2008 
that there was no truth to the rumors of liquidity problems at Bear Stearns and quoting 
Bear Stearns CEO Schwartz as stating that Bear Stearns' "balance sheet, liquidity and 
capital remain strong". 
58. 
Bear Stearns' false and misleading material misrepresentations and 
omissions also include the direct misrepresentations by Cayne to Epstein on August 6, 
2007 that Bear Stearns' financial condition and risk management were strong, that 
Bear's liquidity and capital reserves were sufficient, that the value of Bear Stearns' 
assets was high, the collapse of the two Hedge Funds was the result of high leverage 
which was limited to those Funds and did not extend to the rest of the company, that 
Bear Steams' access to funds in the repo market was not impaired, despite the collapse 
of the Hedge Funds, and that the imminent deal with the China Citic Group would 
provide a one billion dollar capital infusion as ample confirmation of Bear Stearns' 
financial health, with Cayne expressly advising Epstein to "hold tight" to all of 
Financial Trust's shares of'stock in Bear Stearns. 
59. 
At the time Bear Steams and its agents made the fraudulent 
misrepresentations and omissions they knew and believed that the representations 
were untrue, incomplete and misleading, they did not have confidence in the accuracy 
EFTA00729596
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 15 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 15 
of the representations and they knew that they did not have the basis for the 
representations &a-Tv-fere stated or implied. 
60. 
Bear Stearns also deceived Financial Trust through false and misleading 
misrepresentations and omissions regarding the availability of repo financing. 
61. 
Bear Stearns at times deceived Financial Trust through representations 
that Bear Steams knew to be ambiguous. Bear Steams made these representations with 
the intention that they be understood in the sense in which they were false, or without 
any belief or expectation as to how they would be understood or with reckless 
indifference as to how they would be understood and therefore these ambiguous 
representations were fraudulent. 
62. 
Bear Stearns had reason to expect that the fraudulent misrepresentations 
and omissions made by Bear Stearns in its SEC filings referred to herein, its investor 
and broker-dealer conferences and press releases, and its direct conversations with 
Epstein, constituted information which would reach Epstein and would influence 
Epstein's conduct in the decision of whether to retain or sell Financial Trust's shares of 
Bear Stearns stock 
63. 
All of Bear Stearns' misrepresentations and omissions concerned facts that 
were peculiarly within the knowledge of Bear Stearns and not readily available to 
Financial Trust. Bear Steams knew that as a result of Bear Stearns' misrepresentations 
and omissions, Financial Trust was acting under mistaken beliefs about material facts. 
64. 
Bear Stearns' fraudulent, false and misleading material misrepresentations 
and omissions induced Financial Trust to retain the shares of Bear Stearns stock at 
unsustainable values until such time as Financial Trust was forced to unload the stock 
EFTA00729597
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 16 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 16 
at fire sale prices, causing Financial Trust to lose virtually all of its investment in these 
shares. 
65. 
At the time of Bear Stearns' conduct and statements as referred to herein, 
Bear Stearns intended or reasonably expected Financial Trust to act or refrain from 
acting in reliance on Bear Stearns' false and misleading material misrepresentations and 
omissions. 
66. 
Financial Trust justifiably and reasonably relied upon Bear Stearns' false 
statements, omissions, misrepresentations and conduct as referred to herein in acting 
and refraining from acting in connection with retaining ownership of Bear Stearns' 
stock, to the financial detriment of Financial Trust 
67. 
Financial Trust's reliance was reasonable and foreseeable and was 
proximately caused by Bear Stearns' false and misleading misrepresentations and 
omissions. 
68. 
Bear Stearns intentionally, knowingly, or recklessly caused its 
communications to Financial Trust to be false and misleading. 
69. 
Bear Stearns made these false and misleading material misrepresentations 
and omissions knowingly, willfully, maliciously and in wanton disregard of the rights 
of Financial Trust. 
70. 
Bear Stearns' false and misleading misrepresentations and omissions, as 
alleged herein, proximately caused Financial Trust substantial harm and injuries and 
caused Financial Trust to sustain significant monetary damages, including both 
compensatory and punitive damages, in an amount to be determined at trial. 
EFTA00729598
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 17 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 17 
COUNT II (NEGLIGENT MISREPRESENTATION) 
71. 
Financial Trust repeats and realleges, as if fully set forth herein, the 
allegations of the preceding paragraphs of this Verified Complaint 
72. 
Bear Stearns, in the course of providing information to Financial Trust 
regarding its economic and financial condition and actively dissuading Financial Trust 
on August 6, 2007 and thereafter from selling its stock, supplied information and made 
express representations of fact to Financial Trust for the benefit and guidance of 
Financial Trust in its transactions which were material, false, incomplete and 
misleading when made and Bear Stearns knew or should have known they were 
material, false, incomplete and misleading. 
73. 
Bear Stearns failed to inform Financial Trust of the correct and true facts 
relating to the financial condition, liquidity and capital base of Bear Stearns and the 
danger to Bear Stearns stock, the price of which went into free fall as a consequence, 
and failed to exercise reasonable care and competence in supplying correct and 
complete information to Financial Trust. 
74. 
Bear Stearns negligently supplied incomplete and false information for the 
guidance of Financial Trust for the purpose of inducing Financial Trust to retain shares 
of Bear Steams stock. The information was volunteered to Financial Trust and was 
material to Financial Trust's investment decisions at all relevant times. 
75. 
This incomplete, false and misleading information supplied by Bear 
Stearns was done so with the express intention of having Financial Trust rely upon it 
76. 
Bear Steams was manifestly aware of how Financial Trust would use the 
incomplete, false and misleading information and intended to supply it for that 
purpose. 
EFTA00729599
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 18 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 18 
77. 
Bear Stearns failed to exercise reasonable care and competence to ascertain 
—the facts underlying the incomplete, false and misleading information communicated to 
Epstein and was in a unique position to know the facts and the inferences to be drawn 
from them 
78. 
Financial Trust justifiably relied upon the incomplete, false and 
misleading information and representations supplied by Bear Stearns, as alleged herein. 
79. 
Bear Stearns' negligent misrepresentations and omissions, as alleged 
herein, proximately caused Financial Trust substantial harm and injuries and caused 
Financial Trust to sustain significant monetary damages, including compensatory 
damages, in an amount to be determined at trial. 
PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
WHEREFORE, Financial Trust respectfully requests the Court to enter judgment 
in its favor and against Bear Stearns for compensatory and punitive damages, as well as 
attorney's fees, court costs and other reasonable costs incurred, and pre-judgment and 
post-judgment interest. 
A JURY TRIAL IS DEMANDED ON ALL ISSUES TRIABLE BY A JURY. 
LAW OFFICES OF JOHN IC DEMA, P.C. 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
/s/ John K. Dema 
Dated: August 5, 2009 
JOHN K DEMA, Esquire 
1236 Strand Street, Suite 103 
Christiansted, St. Croix, USVI 00820-5008 
Telephone: 340-773-6142 
Facsimile: 
340-773-3944 
EFTA00729600
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 19 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. tm. The Bear Stearns Celltrallit'S Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
VERIFICATION 
TERRITORY OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS : 
ss: 
DISTRICT OF ST. THOMAS 
Jeanne Brennan-Wiebracht. as Vice President of Financial Trust Company, Inc., 
being duly sworn, states that she has read the foregoing Verified Complaint, and that it 
is true, except as to that which is based on information and belief, which she believes to 
be true. 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
By: 
Sworn and subscr'bed 
befo me this  lie 
 day 
of 
2009. 
ry Public O7 
/ 
ildtd(nC
e‘- 62:Ltwea 
Jeaftne Brennan-Wiebracht 
Vice President of Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
EFTA00729601
--- PAGE 20 ---
retIS 44 (Rev. II/0) 
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1-2 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 1 of 1 
CIVIL COVER SHEET 
The IS 44 civil corer sheet and the information contained herein neither replace nor supplement the filing and service ofpleadings or Other papas as required by law, except as provided 
by local rules of court. This form, approved by the Judicial Conference of the United States in September 1974, is requited for the use of the Clerk of Court for the purpose of donating 
the civil docket sheet (SEE INSTRUCTIONS ON THE REVERSE OF THE FORS/) 
I. (a) 
PLAINTIFFS 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
(1!) County of Residence of First Listed Plaintiff 
St. TbOrnas, 
(EXCEPT IN US PLAINTIFF CASES) 
(c) Allomey's (Firm Thera Addiess. and Telephone Hernbts) 
John K. Deana, Esquire, Law Offices of John K. Dema, P.C., 
1236 Strand Street, Suite 103 Christiansted, VI 00820; (340) 773-6142 
II. BASIS OFJURISDICTION 
(Place an 'X" in One Box Only) 
[IL CITIZENSHIP OF PRINCIPAL PARTIES(niact an TX" in One Boa for Plaintiff 
(For Diversity Cases Only) 
and One Box foe Defendant) 
I 
US. Govemmast 
3 Federal Question 
PTV 
DEF 
PIT 
DEF 
Plaintiff 
(US. Garman' Not a Patty) 
Citizen of This State 
Ineorpomed or Principal Pace 
of Business In This Sae 
4 
2 
U.S. Government 
Dofendrust 
4 Dina:),
(Indkatt Citionthip of Pinker M Item Ill 
Citizen of A noshes State 
Ineapotand and Principal Plea 
of Business In Another State 
• 
Citizen or Subject of a 
Foreign Nation 
6 
6 
Foreign Gauntry 
" in One Box 
L 
• 
CONTRACT 
TORTS 
FORFEITUREIPENALTY 
BANKRUPTCY 
OTHER STATUTES 
I
Insurance 
PERSONAL INJURY 
PERSONAL INJURY 
610 Airalifire 
422 Appeal 28 USC 158 
400 Sae Reappecammene 
I20 Menne 
310 Airplane 
362 Pasonal Injury- 
00 Other Teal & Drug 
423 Withdrawal 
SIO Amimat 
DO Miller Act 
315 Airplane Pmts 
Mat Melanesia 
625 Dreg Related Seizure 
USC I57 
430 Baal and Banta.) 
o
140 Negotiable Instrument 
Liability 
365 Personal Injury • 
of Property 21 USC 881 
450 Commerce 
150 Recovery of Overpayment 
320 Arendt, libel & 
Product lability 
630 Liquor Laws 
PROPERTY RIGHTS 
460 Desonaten 
& Enforcerrar of.ludgment 
Slander 
368 Macao Personal 
641)R.R.& Tufa* 
0620 Copyrights 
470 Racketeer lallasteed aid 
151 Medicare Act 
o
152 Recovery of Debuted 
330 Federal Emp1oyers' 
Injury Trodad 
Liability 
Liability 
650 Airline Rep, 
660 Occupuional 
830 Pater 
840 Tradentark 
Comas Organizations 
480 Comma Credit 
Student Loans 
340 Marine 
PERSONAL PROPERTY 
SafetyMcath 
490 Cableats TV 
, 
(Ea/ Veterans) 
345 Mane Product 
370 Other Fraud • 
6900:her 
NO Selective Service 
.0 153 Recovery of Ovapayrome 
Liability 
371 Truth in Landing 
LABOR 
SOLO Al. SECURITY 
650 SearitiesConassofoies/ 
of Veteran's Benefits 
330 Motor Vehicle 
3$0 Other Personal 
710 Fair Labor Standads 
Lf 1 MA (1 395(f) 
Exchange 
160 Stakholders' Suitt 
355 Motor Vehicle 
Prepay Dane 
Act 
0862 Black Leas (923) 
875 Customer Challenge 
o 190 Other Contract 
Product Liability 
385 Property Damage 
720 Labor/Muni. Ratioas 
863 DIWC/D1WW (405(g)) 
USC 3410 
195 Conan Prodat Liability 
o
360 Other Personal 
Product Lability 
730 LaborfAldmeaspecting 
864 5510 Tide XVI 
890 Other Lanai, Actions 
196 Franchise 
Jewry 
& Disclosure Ao 
865 RSI (405(g)) 
891 AB kolturil Acts 
I 
REM. PROPERTY 
CIVIL RIGHTS 
?PRISONER PETITIONS 0 
740 Railway labor Act 
FEDERAL TAX SUITS 
892 Economic Stabilisation Act 
210 Land footman:a 
441 Voting 
510 Monona, Vacate 
790 Other Labor Litigation 
PO Taxes (US. Plaintiff 
1893 Environmental Manus 
220 Fora Insure 
442 EcitotorAni 
Sentence 
791 Empl. Ret Inc. 
or Defendant) 
694 Entity Allocation An 
230 keno Lease & Ejectment 
443 Housing/ 
Habeas Corpus: 
Scarily Act 
871 IRS—Third Pay 
895 Fon:dons of Information 
o 240 Tons to Land 
Aeccir 
lions 
530 General 
USC 7609 
Ad 
245Tcet Product Liabitiry 
4411 Welfare 
535 Death Penalty 
900Aspeal once Dettninatica 
290 All Ochs Rya Prepeny 
445 Aar. A/Disabilities - 0 
540 Mandamus & Other 
Under Equal Mesas 
Employment 
550 Civil Rlisses 
;alma< 
446 Amer. vaDvaloliticts - 
Other 
555 Prison Oxidated 
950 Cecninu6aartiry of 
sane Stamm 
440 Other Civil Rights 
. 
11./.ORIGIN 
(Plain ass "X" in One Box Only) 
ql 
Original 
DEFENDANTS 
The Bear Steams Companies Inc. 
County of Residence of First Listed Defendant 
(IN US. PLAINTIFF CASES ONLY) 
/407E: IN LAND CONDEMNATION CASES. USE THE LOCATION OF THE 
LAND INVOLVED. 
Attorneys (If Known) 
' 
Proceeding 
t": t• 
VL CAUSE OF ACTION 
Removed from 
° 
Remanded from 
State
urt 
Appellate Court 
iy.y.e. 9:2,,stotr3srhich 
O 5 Tana creed
Multictistrict 
O 7 
O4 Reinstated or 
another
Reopened 
litigation 
you are TlEng (Do not cite jurisdktion I statutes unless diversity): 
Aal to District 
Judge from 
%
rug: 
Brief.doeildpli00 of cause: 
Action For Damages Based on Fraudulent Misrepresentation and Negligent Misrepresentation 
wt. REQUESTED IN 
b 
CHECK IF THIS IS A CLASS ACTION 
COMPLAINT: 
UNDER FR.C.P. 23 
VIII. RELATED CASE(S) 
(See inanoisask 
IF ANY 
JUDGE 
DEMANDS 
CHECK YES only if demanded in complaint: 
JURY DEMAND: 
Yes 
No 
DOCKET NUMBER 
EFTA00729602

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729603.pdf
----------------------------------------
AU itK A (Re. (Al 
es!,c ala Deposition in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of Florida 
M.J.  
P mg, 
Civil Action No. CASE NO.: 9:10-cv-81111 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and WM 
Defendant 
(If the action is pending in another district, state %%here: 
SUBPOENA TO TESTIFY AT A DEPOSITION IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 9 East 71st Street, New York, NY 10021 
Testimony: YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at the time, date, and place set forth below to testify at a 
deposition to be taken in this civil action. If you are an organization that is not a party in this case, you must designate 
one or more officers, directors, or managing agents, or designate other persons who consent to testify on your behalf 
about the following matters, or those set forth in an attachment: 
I—Plitce: US LEGAL SUPPORT 
I_ 
444 West Railroad Avenue, Suite 300 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
The deposition will be recorded by this method: 
Date and Time: 
11/10/2010 10:00 am 
VIDEQDEPOSITION / COURT REPORTER 
O Production: You, or your representatives, must also bring with you to the deposition the following doctiments, 
electronically stored information, or objects, and permit their inspection, copying, testing, or stimpjjgg of the 
material: 
is 
The provisions of Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(c), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena, and Rule 
(d) and (e), relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so, are 
attached. 
Date: te." /  7:24 1, 
CLERK OF COURT 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
OR 
Amor 
s signature 
The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing (name of party) 
PLAINTIFF, M.J. 
 , who issues or requests this subpoena, are: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARD 
W 
' g, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, 425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2. Fort 
Lauderdale, FL 33301, 
telephone: 954-524-2820. 
EFTA00729603
--- PAGE 2 ---
AO BSA (Rev. 06/09) Subpoena to ic.t 
.11 .i /cro.nion in a Ci‘i! An
Civil Action No. CASE NO.. 9.10-cv-81111 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 45.) 
This subpoena for (name of individual and title. Vat& 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
was received by me on (date) 
O I served the subpoena by delivering a copy to the named individual as follows: 
on (date) 
; or 
I returned the subpoena unexecuted because: 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
My fees are $ 
Date: 
for travel and $ 
for services, for a total of $ 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
Server's signature 
0.00 
Primed name and tide 
Server's address 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
EFTA00729604
--- PAGE 3 ---
Intentionally Left Blank 
EFTA00729605
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD Document 3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 1 of 2 
AO 4411 (Rev I 2.(9) Summons m a Civil Aclion 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of Florida 
M.J. 
Plaintiff 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendant 
Civil Action No. 
10-CV-81111-DIMITROULEAS/SNOW 
SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: (Defendant's name and address) JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 10021 
A lawsuit has been filed against you. 
Within 21 days after service of this summons on you (not counting the day you received it) — or 60 days if you 
arc the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 12 (a)(2) or (3)— you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiff's attorney, 
whose name and address arc: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. 
You also must file your answer or motion with the court. 
Date: SEPTEMBER 177 2010 
Steven M. Larimore 
Clerk of Court 
SUMMONS 
s/Gregory Maestre 
Deputy Clerk 
U.S. District Courts 
EFTA00729606
--- PAGE 5 ---
Intentionally Left Blank 
EFTA00729607
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 1 of 29 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendants. 
COMPLAINT 
Plaintiff, M.J., by and through her undersigned counsel, sues the Defendants, Jeffrey 
Epstein and 
and alleges: 
I. This is an action in an amount in excess of $15,000.00, exclusive of interest and costs and 
is within the jurisdictional limits of this Court. 
2. 
This Complaint is brought under a fictitious name in order to protect the identity of the 
Plaintiff because this Complaint makes allegations of sensitive nature of offenses against a then 
minor child. 
3. At all times material to this cause of action, the Plaintiff, M.J. (hereinafter referred to as 
"Plaintiff"), was a resident of Palm Beach County, Florida. 
4. At all times material to this cause of action, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, had a residence 
located at 358 El Brillo Way, West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida. 
5. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, is currently a citizen of the United States Virgin Islands. 
EFTA00729608
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 2 of 29 
6. 
At all times material to this cause of action, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, was an adult 
male born in 1953. 
7. 
Defendant, a 
, is currently a citizen of New York, where she currently resides. 
8. 
At all times material, the Defendants Jeffrey Epstein and I. 
ME both owed a duty 
unto Plaintiff to treat her in a non-negligent manner and to not commit or conspire to commit 
intentional or tortious illegal acts against her. 
FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS 
9. 
At all times material, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, was an adult male, over 50 years old. 
Defendant Epstein is known as a billionaire, yet even those closest to him, including family 
members, long time employees and those that he considers his closest friends have no idea what 
he does or did to earn money to support his lifestyle. 
10. Defendant Epstein owns, directly or through nominee individuals used to conceal his 
interests, a fleet of airplanes, motor vehicles, boats and a helicopter. He owns numerous 
properties and homes, including a 51,000-square-foot mansion in Manhattan, a $30 Million 
7,500-acre ranch in New Mexico, a 70-acre private island formerly known as Little St. James in 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands (he is alleged to have renamed this island Little St. Jeff's after 
himself), a mansion in London, England, a home in Paris, France, and a mansion in Palm Beach 
County, FL. The allegations herein primarily concern the defendant's conduct while at his 
mansion in Palm Beach County, FL. 
I. Defendant Epstein has a sexual preference and obsession for underage minor females, 
specifically targeting female children age 12 to 17, and Defendant Epstein acts on that obsession 
by luring underage minor females to him where he attempts to sexually molest and batter these 
EFTA00729609
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 3 of 29 
underage minor females on an everyday basis, oftentimes 2 or 3 different underage minor 
females on one day. 
12. Sometime prior to 1998, Defendant Epstein devised a complex plan, scheme and criminal 
enterprise to gain access to countless underage minor females, some as young as 12 years old, for 
the purpose of coercing the minor females into various acts of sexual misconduct that he 
committed upon them. 
His enterprise operated with a definite hierarchal structure with his 
various employees/assistants and associates, including Defendana, 
Jean Luc Brunel, 
Ghislaine Maxwell, IS 
In; Ma 
a 
a 
a, 
various housekeepers, 
butlers and pilots, performing their respective roles to ensure the goals of the enterprise: operate 
an organized and efficient system to maximize the number of underage minor females for 
Defendant Epstein (and others) to sexually abuse and exploit while avoiding law enforcement 
detection. 
13. Defendant Epstein, with help from his assistants and associates, recruited and procured 
underage minor females, lured them to one of his mansions, had the underage minor female 
taken to a room to be alone with him, then he would appear naked or wearing only a towel and 
sexually batter or otherwise sexually exploit the underage minor female. He would then pay the 
underage minor female for the sex acts he committed against her (typically between $200 and 
$300 per molestation session, or as his criminal enterprise commonly refers to it — per 
"massage"). Prior to leaving, Defendant Epstein's assistant would get the phone number of the 
underage minor female and input it into his computer system or otherwise keep it on file. He 
would then offer the underage minor female to return to his house to make money in exchange 
for him committing sexual acts against her, and he also typically informed her of another option - 
make more money recruiting and procuring other underage minor females for him to sexually 
EFTA00729610
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 4 of 29 
abuse. He would tell the underage minor female that he will pay her for each underage minor 
female that she brings to him (again, typically between $200 and $300), and he encouraged, and 
oftentimes forcefully demanded, her to bring him as many underage minor females as she was 
able. Through this general pitch, Defendant Epstein created a vast pyramid of underage minor 
females recruiting and procuring other underage minor females for his purpose of coercing these 
underage females into sexual acts for money. 
14. Defendants Epstein and 
and the criminal enterprise specifically targeted 
underprivileged and economically disadvantaged children to sexually exploit and molest and 
otherwise prey upon the vulnerabilities of these young girls. 
15. It is unknown exactly how long Defendant Epstein's aforementioned criminal enterprise 
operated, although information and belief indicates that it was continuously and actively in 
operation from at least 1998 through Defendant Epstein's criminal arrest in 2006. 
16. The complete list of underage minor females that were sexually abused by Defendant 
Epstein over the years is believed to have been kept on a computer system controlled by 
Defendant Epstein and accessible by several of his employees, including Defendant 
It is also known that much of the data regarding the names, addresses and whereabouts 
of each underage minor female was input by one of his assistants, including Defendant 
17. Defendant 
was listed in the Federal Non-prosecution Agreement related to 
Defendant Epstein's criminal plea on sex charges against minors as a criminal co-conspirator for 
her role in the criminal activity that was committed by Defendant Epstein against many underage 
minor females. She was employed by Defendant Epstein to maintain his schedule, arrange for 
underage minor females to be with Defendant Epstein, maintain contact with the underage minor 
females, schedule the underage minor females' transportation to and from Defendant Epstein's 
EFTA00729611
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-)OOOC Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 5 of 29 
mansion, and greet the underage minor female at the house before taking her upstairs to be alone 
with Mr. Epstein. 
Upon information and belief, Defendant 
remains employed by 
Defendant Epstein and continues to work for Defendant Epstein in furtherance of the goals of the 
criminal enterprise. 
18. Defendant Epstein used his vast wealth and power to lure underprivileged minor females 
to him, and to coerce them into prostitution once he was alone with the underage minor female. 
He sexually battered, molested, committed lewd and lascivious acts upon and otherwise 
exploited numerous underage minor females and then gave them money. So long as the 
underage minor female followed his demands and advances, he assumed the role of a friend or 
mentor or father figure to the minor female in an attempt to groom the minor female; however, if 
any minor female resisted his sexual advances, Defendant Epstein became frustrated, angry and 
threatening towards the underage minor. His intent was to groom each minor female into 
engaging in sexual acts with him as well as to "work" for him, i.e. bring him other underage 
minor females to sexually molest, batter and exploit. He was masterful in his exploitation and 
grooming of these minor females with an additional intent of gaining trust and cooperation from 
these minors to prevent any one of them from reporting his criminal acts to law enforcement. 
Certain of his many co-conspirator associates, including Ghislane Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel, 
helped in this recruiting process by creating the impression that legitimate modeling 
opportunities were available for the minor females. 
19. Through information and belief, Defendant Epstein has been successful in luring 
hundreds of underage minor girls to him for the purpose of him (and sometimes others) sexually 
abusing them. He intentionally preys upon underage minor females that are middle school or 
high school children who are not working prostitutes, and he takes pleasure in using his power 
EFTA00729612
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 6 of 29 
and influence to coerce these minor females into acts of prostitution with him personally and 
sometimes with his friends and associates as well, including but not limited to Ghislaine 
Maxwell and 
20. Over time, Defendant Epstein fine-tuned his operation to further his goals of gaining 
access to a greater number and variety of underage girls while avoiding detection by law 
enforcement. 
He also provided the roadmap for his enterprise should the illegal sexual 
exploitation of the enterprise be detected — he or the criminal enterprise would (and did) retain 
legal representation for each criminal enterprise member who would instruct each member to 
invoke his/her 5th amendment rights, they would hide behind the 5th amendment to avoid turning 
over incriminating materials (i.e. computer system that logged information about the underage 
sexual molestation victims, scheduling books, message pads, and tangible items such as vibrators 
and dildos), they would destroy evidence and refuse all cooperation with law enforcement. 
21. The plan and scheme was developed by Defendant Epstein, and he and his assistants and 
associates carried it out with each underage minor female in a well-planned and ritualistic 
manner; Epstein ran this criminal enterprise as an experienced Mob boss would run any 
organized crime family — in a well-planned, organized, arrogant and ruthless manner, with 
complete cooperation from his co-conspirator associates and underlings and an absolute 
dedication to carrying out the illegal operations of the criminal enterprise. 
22. Defendant Epstein frequently traveled between his various mansions and either he or an 
authorized agent would call to inform a recruiter, assistant, or scheduler at his next destination as 
to his arrival time. His scheduler, usually Defendant 
la, 
would then contact an 
underage minor female and schedule her to be at Defendant Epstein's mansion or to bring 
another underage minor female to his mansion at a particular time. Once the minor female was 
EFTA00729613
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 7 of 29 
brought to Defendant Epstein's residence, she was greeted at the door of the mansion and lead 
inside by one of Defendant Epstein's employees, oftentimes Defendant 
23. Defendant 
would lead the underage minor female up to Defendant Epstein's 
room and leave the underage minor alone in the room. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, himself would 
then appear naked or wearing only a towel. He would then demand a massage and during the 
massage he would attempt, usually successfully, to perform one or more lewd, lascivious, and 
sexual acts, including, but not limited to, masturbation, touching of the underage minor female's 
sexual organs, coercing or forcing the underage minor female to perform sex acts with him, 
using vibrators or sexual toys on the underage minor female, coercing the underage minor female 
into sexual intercourse with himself or others, and digitally penetrating the underage minor 
female. He would then give the Plaintiff money for engaging in this sexual activity. 
24. Consistent with Defendants Epstein and 
foregoing scheme or plan, in or around 
the summer of 2002, Plaintiff, an economically poor and vulnerable child, was told by another 
one of Epstein's underage minor sex abuse victims, that she could make $300 cash by giving an 
old man a massage on Palm Beach. 
25. Plaintiff's then minor acquaintance (also a sexual abuse victim of Epstein) telephoned 
Defendant Epstein and scheduled for Plaintiff to go to Defendant Epstein's house to give him a 
massage. During that call, Defendant Epstein himself got on the phone and spoke with Plaintiff 
MJ and asked her personally to come to his mansion in Palm Beach. 
26. Plaintiff then took a taxicab to Defendant Epstein's mansion and was greeted by 
Epstein's top assistant, Defendant 
27. Defendant 
in furtherance of the scheme to exploit Plaintiff, escorted Plaintiff 
upstairs to Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's large bathroom, where Defendant 
set up the 
EFTA00729614
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 8 of 29 
massage table and showed Plaintiff different massage lotions to use. Defendant Illlithen left 
Plaintiff alone in the room. Plaintiff was alone in Defendant Epstein's bathroom until Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein emerged wearing only a towel. 
28. Defendant Epstein then walked to the massage table that was already open in the room. 
He lied face down on the table and told Plaintiff to start massaging him, at which time he 
engaged in a conversation with Plaintiff. During the conversation, Defendant Epstein asked 
Plaintiff her age and she told him she had recently turned 16. 
29. Consistent with all of Defendant Epstein's known underage minor female victims, 
Plaintiff had no massage experience whatsoever and she informed him of that, and Defendant 
Epstein began instructing Plaintiff on how he liked his massage. 
30. After approximately 15 minutes, Defendant Epstein turned over onto his back, and he 
commanded Plaintiff to massage his chest. 
31. Defendant Epstein then suddenly removed his towel and his penis was already erect. He 
then commanded Plaintiff to remove her shirt and bra and to begin "pinching his nipples" as he 
began masturbating with his right hand. 
32. As he was masturbating, Defendant Epstein began fondling Plaintiff's breasts. 
33. Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, while masturbating with his right hand, reached out his left 
hand and grabbed Plaintiff's vagina and butt over her clothes. Plaintiff pushed Defendant's hand 
away and told him repeatedly not to touch her like that. Epstein was persistent in his attempt to 
grab Plaintiff's vagina and continued to grab her vagina and butt on multiple occasions after she 
told him not to. 
34. Defendant Epstein continued to masturbate his exposed penis until he ejaculated in front 
of the then minor Plaintiff. 
EFTA00729615
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 9 of 29 
35. Plaintiff was shocked and embarrassed by the events and Defendant Epstein talked to her 
to persuade her that everything he was doing with he was normal. 
36. Epstein paid Plaintiff $300 for allowing him to grope her and masturbate in her presence. 
37. Plaintiff returned to Epstein's home on approximately 20 occasions. On each occasion 
Epstein grabbed Plaintiff's bare breasts, exposed his penis, masturbated and ejaculated in 
Plaintiff's presence, and paid her $300 each time. 
38. Defendant Epstein coerced Plaintiff into acts of prostitution, preying on her low 
economic status and troubled upbringing, complimenting Plaintiff for being "special" to him and 
having a "very pretty body" and making promises to Plaintiff such as — he told Plaintiff that if 
she graduated high school, then he would buy her a computer, something that she wanted yet 
could not afford. 
39. On multiple occasions Defendant Epstein pressured Plaintiff to bring him other underage 
minor females to abuse; he told Plaintiff that he would pay her $300 for each girl she brought 
him, but Plaintiff refused to bring other girls. 
40. Defendant Epstein told Plaintiff that he would pay her more money if she would give him 
oral sex and that he would pay her $600 for actual sexual intercourse. Plaintiff refused. 
41. Defendant Epstein personally called Plaintiff at least five times to tell her when she 
should be at his house to "work" or give him a "massage" (Epstein's criminal enterprise's 
learned code words for paying minors for Epstein and others to interact with them sexually). 
42. Every other time (approximately 15) Defendant 
called to inform Plaintiff of the 
date and time when she needed and was expected to be at Epstein's mansion to "work". 
43. The acts referenced above, committed by Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, against the then 
minor Plaintiff were committed in violation of numerous State and Federal criminal statutes 
EFTA00729616
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 10 of 29 
condemning battery, assault and the exploitation of minor children, contributing to the 
delinquency of a minor and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those criminal 
offenses outlined in Chapters 796, 800, and 827 of the Florida Statutes, as well as those 
designated in Florida Statutes §796.03, §796.07, §796.045, §796.04, §796.09, §39.01, §450.151, 
and §827.04. 
44. The above-described acts took place in Palm Beach County, Florida at the residence of 
the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein. Any assertions by Defendants, Jeffrey Epstein and 
that they were unaware of the age of the then minor Plaintiff are belied by their actions and 
rendered irrelevant by the provisions of applicable Florida Statutes concerning the sexual 
exploitation and abuse of a minor child. The Defendants, Jeffrey Epstein and 
at all 
times material to this cause of action, knew and should have known of the Plaintiffs minority as 
Plaintiff specifically told Epstein her age and Defendant Epstein and criminal organization has a 
history of seeking out underage minor children to sexually abuse. In fact, one primary goal of 
the organization is to sexually abuse females who are under the age of 18, and oftentimes 
Defendant Epstein has turned away females (i.e. refused to engage in sexual acts with them) for 
being "too old" once she reaches 18 years of age, and he has reprimanded girls for bringing him 
other girls who are over the age of majority. 
45. In June 2008, in the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in Palm Beach County, Florida, Defendant 
Epstein entered pleas of "guilty" to various Florida State crimes related to his exploitation of 
minors for sex. 
46. As a condition of that plea and in exchange for the Federal Government entering into a 
Non-Prosecution Agreement with Defendant Epstein, wherein the Federal Government agreed to 
effectively stay any prosecution of Jeffrey Epstein, 
and other criminal co-
EFTA00729617
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 11 of 29 
conspirators a 
=Mt 
and 
a
Defendant Epstein agreed to admit that 
approximately 40 underage minor females, whose names were provided to Defendant Epstein, 
were his victims. Plaintiff was not included in that list as she moved away from the West Palm 
Beach area in part to escape from Epstein, and she has lived in fear of Epstein and his 
organization and has not yet been contacted by law enforcement. 
47. Beginning in or about June 2008 and continuing to the present time, defendant Epstein 
has been aware he faces significant financial liability for his sexual offenses, both to land to 
many other similarly-situated girls whom he abused. I 
and these other girls are creditors of 
Epstein, in that have filed and can file ton actions against him under both Florida and Federal 
laws. Accordingly, Epstein has conveyed substantial assets and property into the names of other 
persons and into overseas bank accounts and other financial institutions. These assets and 
properties could have been attachable and used to pay the debts owed to ■and to the other girls 
that Epstein has abused. 
48. As an example of the fraudulent conveyances that Epstein has attempted, in 
approximately October 2009, Epstein placed his personal 727 aircraft up for sale, with the intent 
that the proceeds of that sale would be hidden so that Nand other creditors of Epstein would 
not be able to secure payment from that substantial asset. 
49. While Epstein is clearly distinct from the criminal enterprise that he oversees that asset, 
as well as his other airplanes and helicopters and other assets, have been used continuously and 
repeatedly to further the interest and endeavors of Epstein and his criminal enterprise. 
50. As another example of the fraudulent transfers that Epstein has made, Epstein has titled a 
Ford F-I50 Truck in the name of Larry Visoki (Epstein's personal pilot). Visoski was unaware 
that the truck was titled in his name when he was questioned under oath in a deposition. 
II 
EFTA00729618
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 12 of 29 
51. In approximately 2009, Defendant Epstein purchased a $68,000 Land Rover and 
registered it in Visoski's name with the intent to hide this asset fromUnd other creditors. 
52. In approximately 2009, Defendant Epstein purchased a Mercedes-Benz 2005 by wiring 
funds to Visoski and then placing the car in Visoski's name. 
53. In approximately 2009, Defendant Epstein bought a Jaguar X-Type 2005 so that he 
(Epstein) would have another car around Palm Beach available for his friends to use and then 
placed the car in Visoski's name. 
54. In approximately September 2009, Visoski attempted to sell a Ferrari owned by Epstein 
for $159,000. Epstein intended for the sale to hide the value of this Ferrari and prevents and 
other creditors from recovering from him. 
55. 
Epstein is concealing substantial assets through a new corporation, Shmitka Air, Inc., 
whose representative is Larry Visoski. In September 2010, Epstein attempted to sell a 1999 Bell 
Helicopter for approximately $1,900,000. This sale was an attempt to prevent sand other 
creditors from recovering from him. 
56. Epstein is also concealing substantial assets through an entity known at JEGE, Inc. He is 
currently attempting to sell an aircraft for $10,000,000 through that entity in an attempt to 
prevent Nand other creditors from recovering from him. 
57. Through information and belief, Epstein and/or his criminal enterprise provides the 
financial support for his various employees, co-conspirators, other criminal enterprise members 
and associates. 
58. In addition to Epstein's various houses, he owns or controls other condominiums, 
including approximately 8 to 10 units at 
in New York City, where certain of 
his or his Criminal Enterprise associates live or reside, including Jean Luc Brunel, 
EFTA00729619
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:10-cv-8111140(XX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 13 of 29 
ME'S= 
and at times various underage minor girls are stashed at this location 
as well. 
59. Defendant Epstein has numerous overseas contacts and accounts and sophistication in 
international business transactions. He previously served as a trader at Bear Steams and founded 
his own financial management firm. J. Epstein and Col. (later called Financial Trust Co.) located 
on his private island in the U.S. Virgin Islands where, until his recent incarceration, according to 
him he allegedly managed the assets of billionaire clients. 
60. After extensive investigation into Epstein's employment history, including questioning of 
Epstein's family, those whom Epstein considers friends and longtime employees of Epstein, the 
only known client of Epstein was Limited, Inc. Founder Leslie Wexner, although it is believed 
that even that relationship has been severed. No other legitimate means of income have been 
reported. 
COUNT I 
BATTERY AGAINST DEFENDANT EPSTEIN 
61. Plaintiff M.J. adopts and realleges paragraphs I through 60 above. 
62. In the summer of 2002, just after Plaintiff turned 16 years old, Defendant Epstein 
committed battery against Plaintiff when he intentionally touched intimate areas of her body and 
person in an offensive manner while she was a minor child. 
63. Defendant Epstein intentionally touched Plaintiff 
private areas multiple times 
against the will of 
64. Defendant Epstein's tortious commission of battery upon Plaintiff was done willfully. 
65. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses committed by Defendant Epstein against 
the then minor Plaintiff,■ she has in the past suffered and will in the future suffer injury, pain 
EFTA00729620
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:10-cv-S1111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 14 of 29 
and suffering, emotional distress, psychological and psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, 
humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, loss of enjoyment of 
life, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulation and 
leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life. 
Plaintiff will incur medical and 
psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn 
income in the future, and loss of proper and complete education. These injuries are permanent in 
nature and Plaintiff 
will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff 
demands judgment against Defendant Epstein for 
compensatory damages, punitive damages and such other relief as this Court deems proper and 
hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT II 
INTENTIONAL INFLICTION OF EMOTIONAL DISTRESS 
AGAINST DEFENDANT EPSTEIN 
66. The Plaintiff adopts and realleges paragraphs I through 60 above. 
67. Defendant Epstein's extreme and outrageous conduct towards the then minor Plaintiff 
was intentional and reckless. 
68. Defendant Epstein acted with the intent to cause severe emotional distress or with 
reckless disregard for the high probability of causing severe emotional distress. 
69. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses committed by Defendant Epstein against 
the then minor Plaintiff, ■she has in the past suffered and will in the future suffer injury, pain 
and suffering, emotional distress, psychological and psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, 
humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, loss of enjoyment of 
life, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulation and 
leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life. 
Plaintiff will incur medical and 
EFTA00729621
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 15 of 29 
psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn 
income in the future, loss of proper and complete education. These injuries are permanent in 
nature and Plaintiff MJ will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff ■ 
demands judgment against Defendant Epstein for 
compensatory damages, punitive damages and such other relief as this Court deems proper and 
hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT HI 
C NSPIRACY TO COMMIT T In
BATTERY AGAINST 
DEFENDANT 
70. The Plaintiff adopts and realleges paragraphs I through 60 above. 
71. Defendant = 
is one of Defendant Epstein's top assistants, as referenced previously 
in this Complaint. Defendant Epstein, Defendant = 
and others reached an agreement 
amongst and between them and otherwise conspired for the purpose of allowing Defendant 
Epstein and others to commit the tortious and illegal acts described above against Plaintiff. 
72. Defendant 
aided, abetted and assisted Defendant Epstein in his organized scheme 
and plan to sexually exploit Plaintiff and commit battery against her and/or commit or attempt to 
commit numerous other crimes against her, including coercing her into prostitution. 
73. Defendant 
conspired with Defendant Epstein to commit tortious and illegal 
conduct against Plaintiff, and in furtherance of the conspiracy 
specifically engaged in 
overt acts such as contacting Plaintiffs on many occasions, scheduling the then minor 
Plaintiff's appointment for a "massage" knowing that Defendant Epstein was going to commit 
battery against Plaintiff, attempt sexual battery against Plaintiff, and force her into prostitution 
and otherwise did everything in her ability to conceal the illegal operation and refuse cooperation 
with law enforcement. 
EFTA00729622
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 16 of 29 
74. Additionally, Defendant 
greeted Plaintiff on the occasions when Plaintiff arrived 
at Epstein's home and personally lead Plaintiff to Defendant Epstein's bathroom where Epstein 
appeared for the purposes of committing crimes against Plaintiff 
75. Defendant Epstein's battery against Plaintiff was facilitated by Defendant 
and the 
conspiracy resulted in the various aforementioned crimes being committed against Plaintiff ■ 
as well as many other underage minor females. 
76. As a direct and proximate result of Defendant, 
participation in the 
aforementioned conspiracy, Plaintiff,. she has in the past suffered and will in the future suffer 
injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, psychological and psychiatric trauma, mental 
anguish, humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, loss of 
enjoyment of life, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with Defendant's 
manipulation and leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life. Plaintiff will incur 
medical and psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, loss of proper and complete education. These injuries are 
permanent in nature and Plaintiff■ will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff■ demands judgment against Defendant 
for 
compensatory damages, punitive damages and such other relief as this Court deems proper and 
hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNTS IV THROUGH XXIII 
CAUSES OF ACTION AGAINST DEFENDANTS EPSTEIN AND 
PURSUANT 
TO 18 USC 82255 IN VIOLATION OF VARIOUS ENUMERATED OFFENSES 
CONTAINED WITHIN THAT FEDERAL STATUTE 
77. Plaintiff,. adopts and realleges paragraphs I through 60 above. 
78. The allegations contained herein in Counts IV through XXIII are separate and distinct 
legal remedies. 
I6 
EFTA00729623
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-X)OO( Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 17 of 29 
79. As a condition of Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's criminal plea, and in exchange for the 
Federal Government not prosecuting the Defendant for numerous federal offenses, the 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, entered into a Non-Prosecution Agreement with the Federal 
Government; that agreement governed not only Defendant Epstein's conduct but also the 
conduct of his "co-conspirators" including Defendant 
as she played an essential and 
criminal role in the commission of these offenses. 
80. The Plaintiff,■ was in fact a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, and as such asserts a cause of action against the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and against Defendant 
pursuant to this Section of the United States Code 
and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
81. Specifically, Defendants Epstein and 
(a) knowingly conspired with others known and unknown to use a facility or 
means of interstate commerce to knowingly persuade, induce, or entice minor females, 
including Plaintiff MJ, to engage in prostitution, in violation of title 18, United States 
Code, Section 2422(b). 
(b) knowingly and willfully conspired with others known and unknown to travel 
in interstate commerce for the purpose of engaging in illicit sexual conduct with minors, 
including Plaintiff MJ, as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2423(f), with minor females, in violation 
of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2423(b); all in violation of Title 18, United 
States Code, Section 2423(e); 
(c) used a facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce to knowingly 
persuade, induce, or entice minor females, including Plaintiff MJ, to engage in 
prostitution; in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2422(b); 
EFTA00729624
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 18 of 29 
(d) traveled in interstate commerce for the purpose of engaging in illicit sexual 
conduct, as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2423(0, with minor females, including Plaintiff MJ; in 
violation of Title l8, United States Code, Section 2423(b). 
82. As a direct and proximate result of the aforementioned criminal offenses enumerated in 
Title 18, United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against the then minor Plaintiff, 
Plaintiff, MJ, she has in the past suffered and will in the future suffer injury, pain and suffering, 
emotional distress, psychological and psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, 
confusion, embarrassment, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, loss of enjoyment of life, invasion 
of her privacy and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulation and leading her into 
a perverse and unhealthy way of life. Plaintiff will incur medical and psychological expenses. 
These injuries are permanent in nature and Plaintiff Ewill continue to suffer these losses in the 
future. Plaintiff= has also incurred attorneys' fees. 
83. With regard to each of the following counts, Plaintiff suffered personal injury, as outlined 
above from the acts above, as a result of the violations of federal criminal law by Defendant 
Epstein enumerated in paragraph 33, on approximately 20 occasions, and while the dates are not 
all precisely documented or diaried by Plaintiff, Defendants Epstein and 
committed these 
crimes and inflicted said injuries on or about the following dates: 
COUNT IV 
August 2002 
COUNT V 
September 2002 
COUNT VI 
October 2002 
COUNT VII 
November 2002 
COUNT VIII 
December 2002 
COUNT IX 
January 2003 
EFTA00729625
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 19 of 29 
COUNT X 
February 2003 
COUNT Xi 
March 2003 
COUNT XII 
April 2003 
COUNT XIII 
May 2003 
COUNT XIV 
June 2003 
COUNT XV 
July 2003 
COUNT XVI 
August 2003 
COUNT XVII 
September 2003 
COUNT XV III 
October 2003 
COUNT XIX 
November 2003 
COUNT XX 
December 2003 
COUNT XXI 
January 2004 
COUNT XXII 
February 2004 
COUNT XXIII 
March 2004 
WHEREFORE, with regard to each and every one of these counts, Plaintiff, ■ 
demands judgment against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages, loss of 
income, a loss of the capacity to earn income in the future, attorney's fees, and such other and 
further relief as this Court deems just and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues 
triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT XXIV 
Civil Remedy for Criminal Practices 
84. Plaintiff realleges paragraphs I through 60 above and for the purposes of this count 
incorporates and alleges the RICO Statement that has been filed contemporaneously herewith as 
Exhibit "A." 
EFTA00729626
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 20 of 29 
85. The allegations contained herein in Count )O(1V are a separate and distinct legal remedy 
brought pursuant to Florida Statute 772.104(1) and (2). 
86. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, was associated with an enterprise, a group of individuals 
associated in fact although not a legal entity, which was comprised of at least Defendant Jeffrey 
Epstein, 
Jean Luc Brunel, Ghislaine Maxwell, and 
(and likely many other yet unknown persons); Defendant Epstein participated in this enterprise, 
or conspired or endeavored to so participate, through a pattern of criminal activity in violation of 
Florida Statutes §772.103(3)-(4), as further outlined in detail in the RICO statement filed with 
this court. 
87. This enterprise was separate and distinct from Epstein himself and had a definite 
hierarchical structure. Epstein served informally but effectively as the leader, C.E.O, or "boss" 
of this organization similar to the way an experienced mob boss runs his organized crime family, 
directing his underlings how to recruit and procure underage girls for his sexual actii. 'tics and the 
sexual activities of others, developing the use of slang or code words to be used to discuss the 
illegal activities of the organization, designing a plan or scheme to gain the cooperation of 
underage minor females, developing methods and techniques to otherwise avoid detection from 
law enforcement including making large charitable donations to law enforcement agencies, 
powerful politicians, businessmen and world leaders, associating with powerful social people 
and highly influential politicians and attorneys, gathering information to blackmail or extort 
powerful people, devising a plan to attack the credibility and character of anyone that dare unveil 
the illegal operations of the enterprise and to take an oath to remain silent and/or lie when 
confronted by law enforcement about the illegal operations and activities of the criminal 
organization. 
Epstein's key "lieutenant" in the local Palm Beach branch of the National 
EFTA00729627
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 21 of 29 
organization was 
who served as both his scheduler and a recruiter/procurer of the girls. 
also served as a recruiter and helped Epstein satisfy his criminal sexual desires by, 
on occasion, directly participating in sexual abuse and prostitution of the minor girls. Epstein 
also used otherwise-legitimate business activities to help further the purpose of the criminal 
enterprise. These apparently legitimate activities provided "cover" for Epstein and his associates 
to commit the crimes. Epstein and his associates maintained the appearance of running an 
upstanding investment business, as well as other legitimate businesses with connections to 
modeling agencies and other powerful business and political people, to discourage the minor 
girls from reporting the abuse to law enforcement. Ghislane Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel 
helped to provide "cover" by creating the impression that legitimate modeling opportunities were 
available for the girls. There are many other known and unknown associates of the criminal 
organization, that worked throughout the country and possibly internationally, who performed 
functions to perpetuate the criminal activities of the organization. 
88. Defendant Jeffrey Epstein participated in this enterprise through a pattern of criminal 
activity in that he engaged in at least two incidents of criminal activity, as defined and required 
in Florida Statute 772.102 and as described below, that have the same or similar intents, results, 
accomplices, victims, or methods of commission and are not isolated incidents. 
89. Defendant Jeffrey Epstein engaged in criminal activity by committing, attempting to 
commit, conspiring to commit or soliciting, coercing or intimidating another person to commit 
one or more of the following predicate acts as outlined and defined in Florida Statute 772.102: 
(a) 
Procuring for prostitution, or causing to be prostituted, any person who is 
under the age of 18 years in violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 796.03; 
(b) 
Acts of battery in violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 784; 
EFTA00729628
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 22 of 29 
(c) 
Forcing, compelling or coercing another to become a prostitute in 
violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 796.04; 
(d) 
knowingly recruiting, enticing, harboring, transporting, providing or 
otherwise obtaining by any means a person, knowing that coercion would be used to 
cause that person to engage in prostitution in violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 
796.045; 
(e) 
tampering with a witness in violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 914.22; 
(f) 
altering, destroying, removing, or concealing records or documents or 
other evidence with the purpose to impair its verity or availability in violation of Florida 
Statutes Chapter 918.13; 
(g) 
maintaining a place (or more accurately "places") for the purpose of 
lewdness or prostitution; offering or securing another for the purpose of prostitution or 
for some other lewd or indecent act; receiving persons into his Palm Beach mansion for 
the purpose of prostitution or lewdness; directing, taking or transporting or agreeing to 
direct take or transport persons to his Palm Beach mansion with knowledge or reasonable 
belief that the purpose of such directing, taking or transporting was prostitution or 
lewdness; all in violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 796.07. 
90. The criminal acts of Defendant Epstein occurred repeatedly over a substantial period of 
time and were not isolated events. 
91. Under Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's plan, scheme, and enterprise, Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein. paid employees and underlings, including but not limited to 
to bring him 
minor girls to his Palm Beach mansion in order for the Defendant to solicit, induce, coerce, 
entice, compel or force such girls to engage in acts of prostitution and sexual misconduct with 
EFTA00729629
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 23 of 29 
Defendant Epstein and sometimes 
and to otherwise commit acts of sexual 
battery thereon, and further Defendant Epstein worked in concert as part of the enterprise with 
those who were free to act independently and advance their own interests, including Ghislaine 
Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel, to obtain minor girls for sexual purposes. 
92. Plaintiff,. was the victim of Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's plan, scheme, and enterprise 
and was so injured by reason of his violations of the provisions of s. 772.104. Plaintiff,. was 
called on the telephone by Defendant Epstein and other employees of his, including 
and transported to the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's residence, where she was placed in a 
room along with the Defendant, enticed to commit acts of prostitution, and had acts of sexual 
battery and sexual exploitation committed against her. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, conspired 
with his assistants and employees in order to accomplish their common motive or intent of 
seeking out, gaining access to, and exploiting minor children such as the Plaintiff,■ in the 
aforementioned ways, and he further conspired with his employees, assistants and underlings to 
ensure that the crimes of this criminal enterprise were concealed or undetected by law 
enforcement. 
Those who were free to act independently and advance their own interests, 
including Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel, also worked with the enterprise to conceal 
the activities of the enterprise. 
93. After law enforcement began to detect the criminal activities of Defendant Epstein and 
the other persons involved in the criminal enterprise, the enterprise used resources and 
information to conceal the illegal activities of the enterprise, threaten the victims of the crimes of 
the enterprise if they revealed the scope of the enterprise to law enforcement, and concealed or 
destroyed documents relevant to the prosecution of the various members of the enterprise. The 
enterprise also made various efforts to discourage the victims from cooperating with law 
EFTA00729630
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 24 of 29 
enforcement and from filing civil lawsuits to vindicate their rights. Epstein and other members 
of the enterprise made cash payments and gave gifts to the victims of the enterprise in order to 
discourage them from reporting crimes to law enforcement and other authorities. 
94. Through information and belief, this criminal enterprise gained valuable consideration 
from the practice of sex-trafficking underage children and providing underage children to other 
adults and otherwise derived valuable consideration for running a national and oftentimes 
international sex-trafficking and underage prostitution ring, typically by coercing and 
introducing the economically disadvantaged underage minor females into prostitution and 
sometimes into being underage sex slaves for the enterprise. 
95. The evidence clearly and convincingly establishes that Plaintiff MJ was injured by reason 
of violations of the provisions of 772.103, and as such is entitled to threefold the actual damages 
sustained and a minimum of $200, and reasonable attorney's fees and court costs. 
96. In the alternative, and pursuant to s. 772.104, Plaintiff-was injured due to sex 
trafficking committed in violation of s. 772.103 and is thus entitled to threefold the amount 
gained from the sex trafficking and to a minimum amount of damages not less than 5200, 
reasonable attorney's fees and court costs. 
97. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn income in the future, 
loss to her property and business opportunities and other losses. 
WHEREFORE, under the provisions of Florida Statutes Chapter 772, Plaintiff, MJ, 
demands judgment against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, for any minimum damages authorized by 
law, all actual damages sustained (to be trebled as authorized by law), court costs and attorneys' 
fees, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just and proper, and hereby demands 
trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
EFTA00729631
--- PAGE 30 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 25 of 29 
COUNT XXV 
Cause of Action Pursuant to Florida Statute 796.09 
Against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein 
98. Plaintiff adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 60 above. 
99. The allegations contained herein in Count XXV are a separate and distinct legal remedy. 
100. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, was a wealthy and powerful man, and Plaintiff was an 
economically disadvantaged and impressionable minor. 
101. Plaintiff MJ had never engaged in any act of prostitution prior to meeting Epstein or 
being introduced to any of the members of the criminal enterprise of which Defendant Epstein 
was an operating member and leader. 
102. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, used his vast wealth and power to coerce Plaintiff into 
prostitution and/or coerced her to remain in prostitution. 
103. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, coerced Plaintiff into prostitution in one or more of the 
following ways: 
A. 
Domination of her mind and body through exploitive techniques; 
B. 
Inducement; 
C. 
Promise of greater financial rewards; 
D. 
Exploitation of a condition of developmental disability, cognitive 
limitation, affective disorder, and/or substance dependency; 
E. 
Exploitation of human needs for food, shelter or affection; 
F. 
Exploitation of underprivileged and vulnerable economic condition or 
situation; 
G. 
Use of a system of recruiting other similarly situated minor girls to further 
coerce and induce Plaintiff into the lifestyle of prostitution; and 
EFTA00729632
--- PAGE 31 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 26 of 29 
H. 
Exploitation through demonstration of abundant wealth and power to 
impress a young and vulnerable then minor Plaintiff and to coerce her into prostitution. 
104. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses committed by Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, 
against Plaintiff pursuant to Florida Statutes §796.09, the Plaintiff has in the past suffered, and 
will in the future suffer, injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, psychological trauma, 
mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her 
privacy and other damages associated with Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating 
and coercing her into a perverse and unconventional way of life for a minor. The then minor 
Plaintiff incurred medical and psychological expenses and Plaintiff will in the future suffer 
additional medical and psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of 
the capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These injuries 
are permanent in nature and the Plaintiff will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe, demands judgment against the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, for compensatory damages, punitive damages as specifically allowed by this and other 
statutes and by law, attorney's fees, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just and 
proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT XXV 
Cause of Action Pursuant to Florida Statute 726.101 
Against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein 
105. This count alleges an action for redress of fraudulent transfers brought under Florida's 
Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, sections 726.101, et seq., Fla.Stats. ("FUFTA"). 
106. Plaintiff adopts and realleges paragraphs I through 60 above. 
EFTA00729633
--- PAGE 32 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 27 of 29 
107. M.J. is a creditor of defendant Jeffrey Epstein. She has various claims against him for 
repeated sexual molestation of her when she was a minor, as alleged in the other counts of this 
complaint. 
108. Given the egregious acts of sexual molestation the defendant perpetrated against her, M.J. 
has a claim against defendant, once punitive damages are added, is worth in excess of 
$50,000,000. Therefore, he is facing judgments in excess of $50,000,000 from her. Epstein is 
thus a debtor of M.J., as defined in the FUFTA. 
109. Defendant Jeffrey Epstein has numerous overseas contacts and sophistication in 
international business transactions. He previously served as a trader at Bear Stearns and founded 
his own financial management firm, J. Epstein and Col. (later called Financial Trust Co.) located 
on his private island in the U.S. Virgin Islands where, until his recent incarceration, he managed 
the assets of billionaire clients. 
110. Defendant Jeffrey Epstein has transferred, is transferring, and intends to transfer in the 
near future his assets, to locations overseas and elsewhere and/or to nominee individuals who 
conceal Epstein's interest in the assets, with the actual intent to hinder, delay and defraud-
To prevent■ from satisfying any judgment that she might obtain in her pending lawsuit again 
him, Epstein has moved and intends to move his significant financial assets to locations overseas 
(i.e., to Israel) or in other unreachable areas and to title his assets (including real property, 
aircraft, boats, vehicles, and financial instruments) in the names of other persons or entities, even 
though he maintains (directly or indirectly) control over those assets. 
These transfers arc 
designed by Epstein to prevent 
from being able to collect on any judgment she might obtain 
against him, including any punitive damages judgment. 
EFTA00729634
--- PAGE 33 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 28 of 29 
111. In recent lawsuits against him very similar to those filed by ■, 
defendant Epstein has 
refused to answer and taken the Fifth when asked whether he intends to conceal assets from 
those with claims against him. 
112. In recent lawsuits against him very similar to those filed by 
defendant Epstein 
refused to answer and took the Fifth Amendment when asked whether he intends to remain in the 
country in the future. 
113. Epstein could currently post a $15 million bond to satisfy a judgment in this case without 
financial or other difficulty. 
WHEREFORE plaintiff-demands judgment against defendant Epstein as follows: 
(a) An accounting by defendant Jeffrey Epstein of all of his significant financial assets, 
whether held in this country or overseas, and all significant transfer of assets in the last three 
years; 
(b) Avoidance of the fraudulent transfers or obligations to the extent necessary to satisfy 
M.J.'s claims; 
(c) An attachment or other provisional remedy against the asset transferred or other 
property of the transferee in accordance with applicable law; 
(d) An injunction against defendant Jeffrey Epstein and such transferees as may be 
appropriate, or both, against further transfers of any assets pending further order of the Court and 
posting of a bond to protect 
(e) Appointment of a receiver to take charge of the assets of defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
until the Court is satisfied that 
interests in having assets available from the defendant to 
satisfy any judgment are fully protected; 
EFTA00729635
--- PAGE 34 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 29 of 29 
(t) Posting by defendant Jeffrey Epstein of a S15,000,000 bond to satisfy any judgment 
obtained b). 
in her pending lawsuits; and 
(g) All other relief that the circumstances may require to protect and 
her ability to 
satisfy any judgment she might obtain. 
Plaintiff also demands a jury trial on all issues so triable by jury. 
Dated: 
Respectfully submitted, 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, PL 
Attorneys for Plaintiff(s) 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Fl 33301 
(954)524-2820 TELEPHONE 
954 524-2822
BY: 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Florida Bar No. 542075 
EFTA00729636
--- PAGE 35 ---
Intentionally Left Blank 
EFTA00729637
--- PAGE 36 ---
Case 9:10-cv-811114000( Document 1-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 1 of 10 
CIVIL RICO CASE STATEMENT 
PURSUANT TO LOCAL RULE 12.1 
1. Plaintiffs alleges a violation of Florida Statutes §§ 772.103(3) (participation in an 
enterprise through a criminal activity) and 772.103(4) (conspiracy to do so). The following 
information describes both the § 772.103(3) claim and the § 772.103(4) conspiracy claim 
with the additional note that the conspiracy was between defendant Jeffrey Epstein, MI 
ME 
a 
Ghislaine Maxwell, Jean Luc Brunel and other persons whose 
identity is, at this time, unknown to M.J.. Epstein, ME 
and others all 
conspired together to violate the provisions of § 772.103(3), doing so willfully and with Ml 
knowledge of the criminal activities that were planned as part of the criminal enterprise. For 
convenience in this statement, Florida Statutes §§ 772.103(3) and (4) will be referred to as 
the "Florida Civil RICO provisions." 
2. Epstein served as the leader, boss. and "C.E.O." of the criminal enterprise. 
He also 
II.
criminally sexually abused and prostituted 
and other minor A
were 
s who 
 victims of 
the criminal enterprise. He also paid for 
and 
and numerous other 
associates to be a part of the enterprise and conspired with them to commit criminal acts of 
sexual abuse and prostitution of minors. The basis for Epstein's liability is also described in 
complaint. 
3. The other wrongdoers and criaarticipants included 
MOM 
Ghislaine 
Maxwell, and Jean Luc Brunel. 
's uncertain as to the precise spelling of their names 
and their full legal names.) They assisted defendant Jeffrey Epstein in recruiting and 
procuring minor girls to satisfy Epstein's criminal sexual purposes and for prostitution, as 
described in Mcomplaint, and to satisfy their own sexual interests. For example, to 
further the interests of the local Palm Beach chapter of this expansive criminal enterprise 
they helped to arrange for minor girls to travel to
 West Palm Beach mansion to 
satisfy his sexual desires for minor girls. 
and many others also 
conspired with Epstein to commit acts of sexual abuse and prostitution with minor girls and 
aided and abetted Epstein in the abuse and prostitution. a 
and other 
members of this criminal organization had full knowledge of the crimes of the enterprise; 
they knew full well that the girls who were coming to Epstein's mansion were minors and 
that Epstein was sexual! abusin and prostituting these minors, some of whom were as 
young as 12. 
and 
willfully and knowingly participated in the activities of 
the enterprise and intended to make the criminal activities of the enterprise succeed. Among 
other things, 
helped arrange for recruiters of the minor girls. She also spoke 
personally to the recruiters as well as to the minor girls who were victims of Epstein's sexual 
abuse. At Epstein's specific direction, 
spoke to the recruiters about subjects such as 
finding more minor girls to satisfy Epstein's criminal sexual appetite. 
also served as 
Epstein's scheduler, scheduling appointments for the minor girls to ostensibly do "work" 
when in fact (as she well knew) she was scheduling them to be sexually abused and 
prostituted by Epstein. 
thus procured minor girls for prostitution and caused them to 
be prostituted and the term "work" was a code or slang word used b the various criminal 
enterprise members to avoid detection by law enforcement. 
who is known to be 
Epstein's bisexual sex slave, also directly participated in the sexual abuse of the minor irls 
b 
artici ting in unlawful sexual activities and prostitution with the girls. Both 
and 
assisted Epstein in attempting to keep Epstein's criminal sexual abuse unknown 
EFTA00729638
--- PAGE 37 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-)OO(X Document 1-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 2 of 10 
to law enforcement and other authorities and in discouraging the minor girls from reporting 
the crimes to law enforcement and other authorities. Maxwell and Brunel participated by 
helping to create the impression that the girls would be going to meet with Epstein for 
legitimate "modeling" purposes. Maxwell and Brunel specifically intended to have Epstein 
abuse the girls and acted with full awareness of Epstein's intentions. Both Brunel and 
Maxwell recruited minor females for Epstein as well as for themselves in an effort to further 
the goals of the criminal organization — to sexually abuse and molest underage minor females 
and avoid detection of law enforcement. 
Brunel used his modeling agency to locate 
underage girls for Epstein and others to sexually abuse. 
Maxwell personally brought 
underage girls to Epstein for him to sexually abuse, she also presented him with underage 
girls for him to maintain as sex slaves and to travel the globe with him and others, 
prostituting underage sex slaves to others. Maxwell was also a participant in sexually 
abusing minor females. 
Maxwell served many additional purposes for the criminal 
organization and was highly ranked within the organization, thus she was able to act on her 
own accord, without needing orders from Epstein. Maxwell's roles and actions on behalf of 
the criminal enterprise have included but not been limited to: procuring minor females for her 
and Epstein and others to sexually abuse, hiring personnel to work for Epstein and for the 
various positions in the criminal organization, developing relationships with politically 
connected individuals to protect the organization, managing and organizing the records of the 
enterprise, maintaining computer records and images of underage minor females with their 
names and phone numbers, threatening witnesses who have information that could hurt the 
enterprise, and assisting Epstein and other members of the criminal enterprise to continue the 
criminal activity of the organization and avoid law enforcement detection or prosecution. 
4. The na 
f all of the victims are unknown to the plaintiff at this time. However, they 
include 
herself as well as the victims in the multitude of other civil cases, both filed and 
unfiled, against Epstein. A list of more than 30 such minor female victims was previously 
providelithe U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida to Epstein (but 
not to 
The injuries to those victims resulted from criminal sexual activity and 
prostitution with Epstein and 
and at times Maxwell. The injuries they suffered 
'N
ike those suffered by 
in this action, as described in her complaint. For example, 
and the other victims suffered grave emotional distress and financial injury from being 
forced to engage in unlawful sexual activities with him to which, as minors, they could not 
lawfully consent, and from being introduced into a deviant sexual lifestyle. 
They also 
suffered distress and financial injury from being prostituted by him. 
5. The pattern of racketeering and/or criminal activity is also described in the complaint, which 
incorporates by reference into this statement here and at all other points in the statement. 
The criminal activit included Epstein using paid employees and underlings (including 
and 
to repeatedly find, procure, and bring to him minor girls in order for 
Epstein to solicit, induce, coerce, entice, compel or force these minor girls to engage in 
unlawful sexual activity and acts of prostitution and Epstein using Ghislaine Maxwell and 
Jean Luc Brunel and others yet unnamed to create the impression that he was involved in 
legitimate modeling and other activities. 
a. The criminal activity and specific statutes violated are listed in the complaint and 
include, but are not necessarily limited to: (i) procuring for prostitution, or causing to 
be prostituted, minors, in violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 796; (ii) acts of battery 
in violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 784; (iii) commercial sexual exploitation of a 
EFTA00729639
--- PAGE 38 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 3 of 10 
child in violation of Florida Statues § 827.071; and (iv) tampering with a witness in 
violation of Florida Statutes § 914.22. The criminal activities also include violations 
of federal criminal statutes, including sexual trafficking of children by fraud, in 
violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1591, use of a means of interstate commerce to entice a 
minor to commit prostitution, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2422, as well as wire fraud, 
in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1343. 
b. The dates of the events are not fully known to 
at this time. However, at a 
minimum, Epstein obtained minor girls (including
 for sexual purposes of the 
period of approximately 1998 through November 2005. 
Epstein could better 
determine than 
the precise dates of his abuse of her by reviewing his schedule or 
computer records for this period of time and looking for notations of days on which 
she performed "work" for him. Epstein has pled guilty to two such criminal offenses 
against minor girls, although the total number of indictable or chargeable offenses 
would easily number more than 1000. On each of these occasions, as described in the 
complaint, Epsin would have his underlings, co-conspirators or associates 
(including M) 
procure a minor girl to satisfy his sexual desires and then would 
satisfy his sexual desires throw h criminal sexual contact with the minor girls. 
Epstein would also watch 
or Maxwell sexually abuse the minor girls to 
satisfy his sexual desires. Epstein had a particular interest in minor girls, including 
girls as young as 12. On occasion, he would turn away girls who were 18 or over 
because of his perverse and unlawful sexual interest in young girls. Epstein recruited 
and paid the girls for the sexual activities. In doing so, he procured for prostitution, 
and caused to be prostituted, many young girls under the age of 18, in violation of 
(among other statutes) Florida Statute § 796.03. The pattern of criminal and unlawful 
sexual activity extended from at least 1998 through November 2005 and upon 
information and belief actually existed and operated in a criminal organizational 
strut 
many years prior to 1998. Epstein committed unlawful sexual abuse 
againtislikat least 20 times between Summer of 2002 to Spring 2004 while she was 
a minor. Other criminal activities involving tampering with and harassing witnesses 
occurred from June 2002 through early 2008 (and perhaps later). 
c. 
many of the occasions, the exact dates of which are not as yet determined by the 
Epstein would represent that he was interested in a "massage" or legitimate 
"work" when in fact he was interested in unlawful sexual activity with the minor 
girls, including fondling the girls, masturbating in their presence, and vaginally 
penetrating them or causing them to be penetrated. Epstein and others acting under 
his direction falsely represented to the minor girls that he was interested in a 
"massage" or "work" when in fact he was interested in procuring the girls for 
unlawful sexual activity and acts of prostitution. Epstein and others acting under his 
direction used means of interstate communications to make these false 
representations, including cellular telephones. Similar to all known crime families or 
criminal organizations that operate to commit crimes, this criminal enterprise made 
use of seemingly innocuous code words such as "message" and "work" to describe 
the continuous criminal activity of procuring underage girls to sexually molest, abuse 
and exploit. 
d. Epstein has pled guilty to two Florida felony criminal offenses against minor girls, as 
alleged in the complaint and Epstein is a Registered Sexual Offender for life. 
EFTA00729640
--- PAGE 39 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 4 of 10 
e. The relationship of the criminal activity to the enterprise is also described in the 
complaint. The Florida offenses to which Epstein pled guilty are but a few of the 
many instances of his plan succeeding. The acts are all related to each other, are 
arranged, and are part of common plan for these reasons: they have the same intent 
(to gratify Epstein's unlawful sexual interest in minor girls as well as to gratify the 
unlawful sexual interests in minor girls of others at times); the same results (the 
unlawful sexual abuse and prostitution of minor girls); the same accomplices 
(including 
and frequently 
Maxwell, and Brunel); the same 
victim 
was herself victimized more than 20 times, and many other girls were 
also victimized repeatedly); the same means (there was a standard payment of several 
hundred dollars for going to the mansion, and standard escalation feature depending 
on the nature of the sexual acts that Epstein performed); the same methods of 
commission (Epstein obtained young, skinny, and attractive girls to satisfy his sexual 
desires while they were economically disadvantaged and lacked a stable family life 
and therefore, he perceived, would be interested in obtaining money and unlikely to 
report his crimes to law enforcement); and the same frequency (remarkably Epstein's 
criminal enterprise operated constantly to procure underage minor females to be 
sexually abused by Epstein every single day, oftentimes 2 or 3 different underage 
females in a single day). The acts were also interrelated b common characteristics, 
namely the identity of the perpetrator (Epstein and often 
or sometimes 
Maxwell) and the common results of his crimes (sexual abuse and acts of prostitution 
with minor girls). The acts also constituted a clear pattern of criminal activity, 
including giving the impression to the girls who were being recruited that they would 
have legitimate modeling opportunities. 
6. The criminal acts of Epstein occurred repeatedly over a substantial period of time and were 
not isolated events. Iiiticular, Epstein committed repeated (more than 20) criminal acts of 
sexual abuse against 
from approximately Summer 2002 to Spring 2004. He committed 
similar criminal acts of unlawful sexual activity and prostitution against other minor girls for 
a period of time from at least 1998 to November 2005. The acts occurred frequently during 
this time, so frequently that it is impossible to calculate how many different illegal sexual 
acts were committed by Epstein and his criminal enterprise, but it is fair to say that serious 
felonies were committed by this criminal organization on an everyday basis. The acts were 
part of Epstein's regular way of doing business (e.g., obtaining sexual gratification from 
li
) 
during this period of time. Epstein and others acting at his direction (including 
made hundreds of telephone calls in furtherance of these illegal activities. The 
sexual acts against minors may have temporarily ceased in approximately November 2005 
when Epstein learned that law enforcement authorities were investigating his crimes. Given 
Epstein's long history of sexually abusing minors and the frequency at which he has done so 
and the fact that despite his arrest and jail sentence his criminal organization remains intact, it 
is highly likely that he will continue his sexual desires for minor girls. In addition, Epstein 
committed criminal acts of tampering with witnesses in violation of Florida Statutes § 
914.22. For example, Epstein paid the minor girls money not only with the intent to 
prostitute them but also with the specific intent of causing the minor girls not to 
communicate to law enforcement officers information about the sexual abuse committed 
against them. Epstein made bigger payments to the minor girls depending on the degree of 
force he used towards them, making larger payments when he was more concerned about the 
EFTA00729641
--- PAGE 40 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 5 of 10 
fact they might report the crimes committed against them. Without specifically detailing acts 
committed against certain known minors, Epstein has paid $1000 on occasion after forcibly 
holding the head of a minor down and pumping his penis inside her against her will. Epstein 
has also intimidated and reprimanded his co-conspirators and associates for any cooperating 
with law enforcement and has made it known that his associates must stay loyal to the 
criminal enterprise above all else. These obstructions may interfere with the ability of law 
enforcement to discover and prosecute all of Epstein's crimes. They may likewise interfere 
with the ability ofM to discover all of the information supporting her claim. Epstein also 
selected impoverished girls for his crimes, believing that the payments would be more 
effective in obtaining their silence and that their economic circumstances might make them 
less likely to report to law enforcement. If all else failed, after having unlawful sex with the 
minor girls, Epstein would tell them not to tell anyone about their unlawful encounter or "bad 
things" would happen. In addition, since November 2005 and through the early part of 2008 
(and perhaps later), Epstein and others acting at his direction have attempted to discourage 
the victims of his crimes from reporting his crimes and cooperating with law enforcement. 
For example, persons acting at the direction of Epstein have aggressively attempted to 
"interview" the victims or to "tail" the victims in their cars. They also harassed a victim 
shortly before she was to testify at a grand jury investigating Epstein and aggressively 
intimidated a victim to scare her away from proceeding to trial against him. These efforts 
have been made not for legitimate investigative reasons but rather for the purpose of 
discouraging the victims from cooperating with law enforcement (and, in at least one case, 
the investigating grand jury) and from filing civil lawsuits to vindicate their rights. 
7. The enterprise is also described in the complaint, which allegations 
expressly 
incorporates into this statement as part of the description of the enterprise. The enterprise 
included, at a minimum, a group of individuals associated in fact to assist Epstein in 
recruiting and procuring minor girls and obtaining criminal gratification of his illegal sexual 
interest in minor girls and at least two individuals (Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel) 
who were free to act independently and advance their own interests, including their own 
sexual interests. 
a. The persons constituting the enterprise includeciaroirindividuals associated 
in fact. These individuals include Epstein, 
Ghislaine Maxwell, and Jean Luc Brunel, as well as other yet unnamed persons 
whose names M.J. intends to identify during the discovery phase of this case. 
b. The criminal enterprise had a definite hierarchal structure, although all the details 
of that structure are not completely know to 
Through discovery, 
intends to ascertain the precise structure of the enterprise that enabled Epstein to 
commit sexual crimes against here. While 
does not currently know all of the 
details of the structure, she does know that the enterprise operated together on a 
continuing basis, in an extremely efficient and organized manner, with largely the 
same personnel for a common purpose. The shared purpose of the enterprise was 
to satisfy Epstein's, as well as certain other individual's, illegal interest in having 
sexual activities with minor girls as well. The enterprise was not a mere informal 
conspiracy, but had a definite clear structure. Epstein served effectively as the 
leader, C.E.O. or "Boss" of this organization, directing his various levels of 
underlings how to recruit and procure young girls for his sexual activities and 
when to bring the girls to his mansion as well as how to avoid law enforcement 
EFTA00729642
--- PAGE 41 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 6 of 10 
detection. Epstein's key "lieutenant" in the Palm
 branch of this national 
and possibly international organization was 
who served as both his 
scheduler and a recruiter/procurer of the girls. This was an important function, as 
the recruiting was necessary to satisfy Epstein's desire to abuse a large number of 
different minor girls with different (albeit similar) physical attributes and the 
scheduling was necessary to insure that the minor girls would be brought to 
Epstein's mansion to be sexually abused and prostituted at a time when Epstein 
was there (but not at the same time, when they might learn of other girls' 
identities and possibly become emboldened to report his activities to law 
enforcement.) Scheduling was also necessary to ensure secrecy, so that as few 
persons as possible were aware that minor girls were coming at unusual hours to 
Epstein's mansion. 
also needed (directly or indirectly) to make 
transportation arrangements for many of the irls as 
were often too young to 
drive themselves to and from the mansion. 
also served as a recruiter 
and helped Epstein satisfy his criminal sexual desires by, on occasion, 
participating in sexual abuse and prostitution of the minor girls. Epstein, 
and 
all took steps to conceal the existence of the enterprise and to 
discourage the girls from reporting the sexual abuse and prostitution to law 
enforcement or other authority figures. Epstein also used otherwise-legitimate 
business activities to help further the purpose of the criminal enterprise. These 
apparently legitimate activities provided "cover" for Epstein and his associates to 
commit the crimes. Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel also helped to 
provide "cover" for the enterprise by creating the impression that there were 
legitimate modeling opportunities and other legitimate opportunities available for 
the girls if they went to see Epstein. Epstein also maintained the appearance of an 
extremely wealthy, upstanding and prominent figure to discourage the minor girls 
from reporting the abuse to law enforcement. To further impress the underage 
minor victims, he would tell them that he was a famous scientist, a brain surgeon, 
an inventor of various products including a state of the art liposuction device. He 
would also brag about the famous people with whom he was good friends. By 
projecting an image of financial power (and, relatedly, strong political 
connections to prominent politicians and current and former government officials 
and personal connections to prominent scientists), Epstein hoped to discourage 
the minor girls from reporting what he was doing to them by making it appear that 
they would not be believed. These business activities helped Epstein secure the 
financial resources to commit the crimes against the minor girls and to pay for 
prostituting them. For example, the activities paid for maintaining the mansion 
where the girls were abused and paid for the cellular telephones and other means 
of communications that were used to recruit and procure the gi
business 
activities also helped to provide the funds to pay 
and 
large 
sums of money to participate in the illegal enterprise and make payments to the 
girls for performing sexual acts. In sum, Epstein and the persons under his 
direction associated in fact and functioned as a continuing unit. This enterprise 
produced a course of conduct that lead to a pattern of criminal activity involving 
enterprise was the vehicle for Epstein to commit his crimes against 
more than 100 instances of sexual abuse and prostitution of minkrls. This
i 
and other 
EFTA00729643
--- PAGE 42 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 7 of 10 
minor girls and operated on a continuing basis from June 2002 to November 2005 
(and, in regard to witness tampering and harassment, through at least early 2008). 
The enterprise enabled Epstein to sexually abuse and prostitute 
in particular 
on more than 20 occasions from February 2003 through June 2005. 
c. Epstein served as the effective leader or "C.E.O." of the enterprise. 
d. Epstein was associated with the enterprise as its effective leader or "C.E.O." 
e. Epstein directed the affairs of the enterprise and the others in the enterprise 
responded to his commands, although Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel 
acted independently to advance their own interests (including sexual interests) 
along with the interests of Epstein. 
pi
f. Based on the facts that she currently possesses, 
specifically alleges and 
intends to prove both that (i) Epstein was an individual separate and disctinct 
from the enterprise and (ii) the defendant was a member of the enterprise, namely 
that he served as the effective leader of the enterprise. With regard to point (i), 
the illegal enterprise had a definite structure and operational function apart from 
Epstein. The structure is described in greater detail in this statement in answer 
5.b above. With regard to point (ii), the defendant was a member of the enterprise 
and served to execute many of the decisions and activities of the enterprise and to 
command the execution of others. Epstein personally engaged in sexual abuse of 
minor girls, including 
E stein also directed others to engage in sexual abuse 
of minor girls, including 
Epstein also procured girls for prostitution 
and caused these girls to be prostituted. Epstein also served as the leader of the 
enterprise. 
g. Epstein was a direct perpetrator of the racketeering activity. In particular, Epstein 
engaged in criminal acts of sexual abuse and prostitution with minor irls as well 
as procuring girls for prostitution. He also directed others (i.e., 
to 
engage in such criminal acts and served as the leader of the criminal enterprise. 
8. The relationship between the pattern of criminal activity and the enterprise is not completely 
known to 
at this time, and it is not known how much money or other consideration was 
generated by the enterprise through these illegal means. Through discovery, she intends to 
understand the relationship more fully. At this time, however, as described in addition in the 
complaint and parts 5, 6 and 7 in this statement, there was a criminal entity separate and apart 
from the pattern of activity in which it engaged. The pattern of criminal activity was the 
series of crimes committed by Epstein and others, and includes the specific crimes identified 
in part 5.a. above. These offenses were closely related and formed a clear pattern, as 
described in part 5.b above. These acts included acts of sexual abuse and procuring the 
prostitution of minors by Epstein personally and by 
acting at Epstein's direction. 
In contrast, the enterprise was the group of persons who associated together for the common 
purpose of engaging in the criminal course of conduct described at greater length elsewhere 
in this statement, including part 5.e above. The group of persons included Epstein, =, 
Maxwell, and Brunel and others whose identity is, at this time, unknown to 
9. In this part of the statement, M 
will provide a description of the relationship between the 
otherwise-lawful activities of the enterprise and the criminal activities of the enterprise. The 
lawful and unlawful activities of the enterprise have been described in addition in paragraphs 
through 18 and 42 through 43 of the complaint and previous answers found in parts 5, 6 
EFTA00729644
--- PAGE 43 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 8 of 10 
and 7 above (which 
expressly incorporates into her answer here). The usual and daily 
activities of the criminal enterprise included scheduling meetings, activities, and other events 
for Epstein — including scheduling S"
ate time" in his mansion for Epstein to commit 
sexual crimes against minor girls. 
served as Epstein's scheduler, scheduling both 
otherwise-lawful activities to provide "cover" for Epstein as well as the illegal sexual 
activities. The exact fr-
cy with which the sexual crimes took place varied and is not 
known, at this time, to = 
However, when Epstein was in West Palm Beach, it often 
occurred on a weekly or daily basis (and, in some instances, took place on several times 
during a single day). The scheduling was designed to secure a private place in Epstein's 
mansion when few other persons would be present at the mansion, so as to reduce the chance 
of detection of Epstein's sexual abuse and prostitution as well as to make it more difficult for 
the minor girls to report his actions to law enforcement or other authorities. The usual 
activities of the enterprise also included maintaining the mansion and securing means of 
communication (i.e., cellular telephones) to recruit minor girls and procure them for 
prostitution. The activities further included arranging transportation for the girls to and from 
the mansion if it was necessary. The enterprise also attempted to make Epstein appear to be 
an upstanding and law-abiding member of community and a successful businessperson, for 
reasons described in paragraph 6.b above. The enterprise served as the usual way in which 
Epstein would obtain sexual gratification. 
10. Through his criminal enterprise, Epstein received perverse and unlawful sexual gratification 
from sexually abusing minor girls and engaging in acts of prostitution with them. He also 
received perverse sexual gratification from directing others (e.g., 
to sexually 
abuse and prostitute minor girls. 
11. While 
civil action alleges violations of the Florida Civil RICO statute rather than 
violations of the federal civil RICO statute, it should be noted that means of interstate 
communications were used to perpetrate the crimes against minor girls (including =, 
including cellular and other telephones that Epstein used, or caused to be used, to arrange his 
illegal sexual activities and to recruit additional minor girls to participate in these activities. 
Through his recruitment and procuring of young girls, Epstein's activities directly affected 
interstate commerce. 
12. Based on the information currently known to her
 does not allege that Epstein, who is a 
billionaire banker, used the enterprise to personally make a financial profit or to obtain the 
c 1 
on of an unlawful debt, only because that information has not yet been made available 
Epstein did, however, make payments to and prostitute the minor girls for the sexual 
gran cation that he obtained from them and to discourage them from reporting his crimes to 
law enforcement and other authorities. Epstein also has, through his criminal organization, 
prostitutes underage girls to others, and Epstein and the criminal organization gained 
valuable consideration from that activity, although it is unknown the type and amount of 
remuneration at this time. 
13. Based on the information currently known to her, Woes not allege that Epstein, who is a 
billionaire banker, used the enterprise to obtain or maintain control of a business enterprise or 
real property. 
Epstein did, however, use his West Palm Beach mansion (and his various 
other properties including his personal island) to perpetrate the crimes against the then-minor 
girls. He also used his financial success to provide "cover" for his crimes, as described in 
part 6.b above. 
14. The criminal enterprise is described in the complaint and part 6 of this statement above, 
EFTA00729645
--- PAGE 44 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 9 of 10 
which description 
incorporates here. 
a. The enterprise including persons unkn 
but at least included Epstein and his 
paid assistants 
and 
as well as associates of Epstein (who 
were free to act in ependently and to advance their own interests) Ghislaine Maxwell and 
Jean Luc Brunel 
b. Under the direction of Epstein, MI, 
and others whose names 
are unknown to M.J. arranged for minor girls to come to Epstein's mansion where he 
could sexual abuse them and prostitute them to satisfy his perverse sexual des' s 
well 
as the perverse sexual desires of Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel. 
and 
were responsible for recruiting the girls and procuring them for prostitution. 
was also responsible for scheduling a time when both Epstein and the minor girl 
cold—meet 
meet together at Epstein's mansion for the sexual abuse and for making travel 
arrangements (if necessary) for the girls. 
was also responsible for ensuring the 
privacy of the room in Epstein's mansion where Epstein would sexually abuse the girls. 
would articipate in abusin and prostituting the girls for Epstein's sexual 
grati ication. 
and 
received payments and other forms of 
compensation from ps 
illegal activities and for participating in 
the enterprise. Epstein, 
and 
also all took steps to discourage the girls 
from reporting these crimes to law en orcement, including making cash payments to the 
girls. Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel helped to persuade the girls that legitimate 
modeling opportunities could be had if they went tlat  Epstein. 
c. As a result of the criminal enterprise, ME (then a minor) suffered criminal 
sexual abuse at the hands of Epstein. As alleged in greater detail in the complaint, this 
abuse lead to significant past and future physical injury, pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of self-
esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of privacy, and other damages, including consequential 
damages from Epstein controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse and 
unconventional way of life for a minor. In addition, the time involved in the abuse 
created lost opportunities to pursue other activities (indult economic activities) and 
lead to past and fu 
ncial and proprietary losses to 
as well as the need for 
psychiatric service:11a has also suffered a loss of income, a loss of capacity to earn 
income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. It has also lead to the need 
to file this civil suit, with consequent attorney's fees. All of these damages were caused 
by, and proximately caused by, the criminal enterprise and its criminal acts. All of these 
injuries were inflicted directly on 
and occurred by reason of the criminal acts of the 
enterprise, including the acts of sexual abuse by Epstein. 
d. The defendant "person" in the Florida Civil RICO action is, at this time, only 
defendant Epstein. 
Defendant Epstein is associated with a criminal enterprise that 
conducted and participated, both directly and indirectly, in a pattern of criminal activity 
in violation of both Florida and federal criminal law. The exact relationship between 
Epstein and the criminal enterprise is described in greater detail in parts 5 and 6 above. 
15. The criminal conspiracy involving the enterprise is described in the complaint as well as 
parts 5, 6, and 7 above.
expressly so 
information into her statement here. 
The conspiracy was formed of Epstein, 
and many others, who agreed to 
arrange for illegal sexual gratification by Epstein through t 
use and prostitution of 
minor girls both by Epstein personally and by others (i.e., 
while he watched, as 
EFTA00729646
--- PAGE 45 ---
Case 9:10-cv-81111-XXXX Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010 Page 10 of 
well as to provide illegal sexual gratification to Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel. 
Certain other names of other criminal enterprise members and co-conspirators are known yet 
currently unnamed, and many other names are currently unknown but Plaintiff intends to 
learn the names and roles of all involved in the criminal activity of this enterprise. The many 
enterprise members conspired to commit similar crimes and to conceal those crimes also in 
furtherance of the criminal enterprise. The object and substance of the conspiracy was to 
obtain minor girls for Epstein so that he could satisfy his perverse sexual interest in minor 
girls, to recruit minor girls to be abused and prostituted for his gratification, to keep the 
existence of the sexual abuse from being learned by law enforcement and other authorities, 
and to discourage the victims from reporting the abuse to authorities, as well as to provide 
sexual gratification to Maxwell and Brunel. The conspiracy started in approximately June 
2002 in West Palm Beach, Florida, and other locations. The sexual abuse of the minor girls 
appears to have, at least temporarily, ceased in approximately 2005. 
The conspiracy 
extended beyond November 2005 to early 2008 (and perhaps later) in its efforts to keep the 
criminal conspiracy unknown, as described in n 5.f above. The conspiracy committed 
numerous overt acts. For example, 
and 
arranged for minor girls to be 
brought to Epstein's West Palm Beach mansion so that he could sexually abuse the girls and 
obtain sexual gratification. Epstein sexually abused minor girls at his mansion and made 
wilts 
to them and otherwise prostituted them there. 
16. 
suffered injuries, including financial and proprietary injuries, as described in part I3.0 
above. 
17. The enterprise injured ■ 
and the other minor girls by enabling Epstein to sexually abuse 
and prostitute the girls. 
18. Defendant Epstein is liable for all the damages for his criminal activity and the activity of his 
criminal enterprise. (If additional defendants are added to the complaint, these other 
defendants may also be jointly and severable liable for the damages.) The damages for 
which Epstein is liable include compensatory damages (including damages for emotional 
distress as well as damages for financial and proprietary losses), attorney's fees, and such 
further relief as the Court deems just and proper. 
The amount of these damAges is 
significant. These damages are trebled by operation of Florida Statutes 772.104. =is 
aware of the provision in Florida Statutes 772.104(3) ("In no event shall punitive damages be 
awarded under this section"), but is nonetheless entitled to punitive damages by virtue of her 
other counts in her complaint. She is seeking punitive damages for Epstein's outrageous and 
egregious conduct and crimes under other provisions of law in this lawsuit. 
19. All o 
bove answers must be read in light of the complaint that has been filed in this 
case. 
xpressly incorporates by reference her complaint as part of the answer to each of 
the above questions. Whenever the word "include" or its variations appears in this statement, 
the information that follows is not intended to be an exclusive listing. 
EFTA00729647
--- PAGE 46 ---
Intentionally Left Blank 
EFTA00729648
--- PAGE 47 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CASE NO.: 9: I O-CV-81111 -DIMITROULEAS/SNOW 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendants. 
PLAINTIFF'S FIRST REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION TO DEFENDANT 
COMES NOW the Plaintiff by and through her undersigned counsel, and requests 
the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, to produce the original or best copy of the items listed 
hereinbelow, at the offices of the Plaintiff's undersigned counsel, for inspection and/or copying, 
pursuant to the applicable Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, the following: 
DEFINITIONS 
The term "documents" means and includes, without limitation, all writings of any kind, 
including the originals and all non-identical copies or drafts, whether different from the original 
by reason of any notation made on such copy or draft or otherwise including, without limitation, 
correspondence, memoranda, notes, diaries, statistics, letters, e-mail, electronic computer files, 
telegrams, minutes, contracts, reports, studies, checks, statements, receipts, returns, summaries, 
pamphlets, books, prospectuses, interoffice communications, offers, notations of any sort of 
conversation, telephone calls, meetings or other communications, bulletins, printed matter, 
computer print-outs, teletypes, facsimiles, invoices, work sheets and all drafts, alterations, 
modifications, changes, and amendments of any of the foregoing, graphic or aural writs, records 
or representations of any kind including, without limitation, photographs, charts, graphs, 
microfiche, microfilm, videotape, recordings, motion pictures; and electronic, mechanical or 
electric records or representations of any kind including, without limitation, tapes, cassettes and 
disc recordings, and writings and printed material of every kind, whether or not the document is 
out of your possession, custody or control. 
EFTA00729649
--- PAGE 48 ---
The term "correspondence" means any tangible object that conveys information or 
memorializes information that was conveyed in tangible or oral form including, but not limited 
to, writings, letters, memoranda, reports, notes, telegrams and interoffice communication. 
DOCUMENTS REQUESTED 
1. 
Copies of all telephone records in your or your attorneys' possession from 2002 —
2005 that in any way relate to you (including all phone lines owned by you or that were used to 
contact girls for the purposes of scheduling massages for you). 
2. 
All massage appointment books, diaries, computer calendars or scheduling 
entries, scheduling books or any other writing or correspondence that contains the names of any 
of the girls that were called, contacted, scheduled, or who otherwise went to your home located 
at 358 El Brillo Way, West Palm Beach, Florida, for the purpose of giving you a massage. 
3. 
Any and all documentation in your possession that contains Plaintiff's name or 
that refers to Plaintiff, directly or indirectly, (including but not limited to emails, letters, message 
pads, diaries, appointment books, computer print outs). 
4. 
Any and all photos, videos, downloaded digital prints or any other visual 
depiction of Plaintiff or other known or suspected minor females introduced to you, directly or 
indirectly, by Plaintiff. 
5. 
Photos of the inside of your home located at 358 El Brillo Way, West Palm 
Beach, Florida, that depict the room(s) where the massages took place (including massage table). 
6. 
Any and all documentation of cancelled checks or evidence of payment to 
Plaintiff of any kind and for any reason whatsoever. 
7. 
All information obtained by you or your attorneys as a result of the exchange of 
information with law enforcement or prosecuting agencies relating to the State criminal case 
against you or the Federal investigation against you. 
EFTA00729650
--- PAGE 49 ---
8. 
Tax returns filed with the United States Internal Revenue Service from 2002 
through the present. 
9. 
Photocopies of your passport, including any supplemental pages reflecting visa's 
or entries to locations outside of the 50 United States. 
10. 
Any documents, photographs, witness interviews, summaries of investigations. 
police reports, and all other materials provided by local, state, or federal law enforcement 
investigators or local, state or federal prosecutors investigating you for sexual offenses against 
minors, including all such materials related to the guilty pleas you entered in state court and the 
non-prosecution agreement you executed with the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern 
District of Florida. 
11. 
All documents and correspondence between you, your agents, and your attorneys 
and (a) state or federal law enforcement officials and (b) local, state, and federal prosecutors 
(including, but not limited to, letters and e-mails to and from the State Attorney's office or any 
agents thereof and letters and e-mails to and from the U.S. Attorney's office or any agents 
thereof). 
12. 
All medical records of Defendant Epstein from any psychologist or psychiatrist, 
including but not limited to Dr. Stephan Alexander or any court appointed doctor. 
13. 
All medical records from any other doctor who has treated Defendant Epstein for 
sexual issues or who has provided prescriptions for Epstein related to sex issues. 
14. 
All bank and financial records and documents for bank accounts, checking 
accounts, savings accounts, stocks and bonds, and any other financial instruments or assets 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by Defendant Epstein for the period 2002 to the present. 
EFTA00729651
--- PAGE 50 ---
15. 
All records and documents reflecting ownership, directly or indirectly, of any real 
properties, vehicles, boats, and aircraft by Defendant Epstein for the period 2002 to the present. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the above and foregoing has been 
provided together with service of the Complaint herein. 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, PL 
Attorneys for Plaintiff(s) 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Fl 33301 
(954)524-2820 TELEPHONE 
954)524-2822 Fax 
BY: 
/ era Bradley J. Ed 
icC Florida BafNo. 542075 
EFTA00729652
--- PAGE 51 ---
Intentionally Left Blank 
EFTA00729653
--- PAGE 52 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CASE NO.: 9: I 0-cv-8 
-DIMITROULEAS/Snow 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendants. 
NOTICE OF SERVICE OF PLAINTIFF'S FIRST SET OF INTERROGATORIES TO 
DEFENDANT 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the Plaintiff, 
by and through her undersigned 
counsel, has propounded unto the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, her First Set of Interrogatories, 
numbered I through 16, inclusive, to be answered in writing, under oath, pursuant to the 
applicable Florida Rules of Civil Procedure. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the above and foregoing has been 
provided together with service of the Complaint herein. 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, PL 
Attorneys for Plaintiff(s) 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Fl 33301 
(954)524-2820 TELEPHONE 
BY: 
5,4,O 
radley J. Ed 
s 
Florida B 
o. 542075 
EFTA00729654
--- PAGE 53 ---
UNITED STATES SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case #: CASE NO.: 9:10-cv-III III -DIMITROULEAS/Snow 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendants. 
. 
PLAINTIFF'S FIRST SET OF 
: 
INTERROGATORIES TO DEFENDANT 
COMES NOW the Plaintiff, 
by and through her undersigned counsel, and 
propounds unto the Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, her First Set of Interrogatories, numbered 1 
through 16, inclusive, to be answered in writing, under oath, pursuant to the applicable Florida 
Rules of Civil Procedure. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the original and one true and correct copy of the above and 
foregoing has been provided together with service of the Complaint herein. 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, PL 
Attorneys for Plaintiff(s) 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Fl 33301 
(954)524-2820 TELEPHONE 
BY: 
wards 
Florida ar No. 542075 
EFTA00729655
--- PAGE 54 ---
DEFINITIONS 
1. 
The term "document" as used herein means and includes, without limitation, all 
writings of any kind, including the originals and all non-identical copies or drafts, whether 
different from the original by reason of any notation made on such copy or draft or otherwise 
including, without limitation, correspondence, memoranda, notes, diaries, statistics, letters, e-
mail, electronic computer files, telegrams, minutes, contracts, reports, studies, checks. 
statements, receipts, returns, summaries, pamphlets, books, prospectuses, interoffice 
communications, offers, notations of any sort of conversation, telephone calls, meetings or other 
communications, bulletins, printed matter, computer print-outs, teletypes, facsimiles, invoices, 
work sheets and all drafts, alterations, modifications, changes, and amendments of any of the 
foregoing, graphic or aural writs, records or representations of any kind including, without 
limitation, photographs, charts, graphs, microfiche, microfilm, videotape, recordings, motion 
pictures; and electronic, mechanical or electric records or representations of any kind including, 
without limitation, tapes, cassettes and disc recordings, and writings and printed material of 
every kind, whether or not the document is out of your possession, custody or control. 
2. 
The term "correspondence" as used herein is defined to mean any tangible object 
that conveys information or memorializes information that was conveyed in tangible or oral form 
including, but not limited to, writings, letters, memoranda, reports, notes, telegrams and 
interoffice communication. 
3. 
The term "relating to" as used herein is defined to mean evidencing, referring to, 
pertaining to, consisting of, reflecting, concerning, or in any way logically or factually connected 
with the matter discussed. 
4. 
The phrase "describe and explain" and the term "state" as used herein are intended 
to and shall be interpreted to request a full and fair statement of the fact or matter being 
described and explained, including a statement of all facts, statements, events and circumstances 
necessary to understand and evaluate the fact or matter being described and explained. 
5. 
The term "identify" as used in each of the following Interrogatories requesting an 
identification of documents is intended to be interpreted to request and require: 
A. 
The date of the document; 
B. 
The originator of the document; 
C. 
The type of document; 
D. 
The addressee of the document, if any; 
E. 
Identification of persons to whom copies of the documents were furnished; 
F. 
Details as to the custody of the document on the date the Interrogatories 
are answered; 
EFTA00729656
--- PAGE 55 ---
G. 
Specific page numbers where the information requested may be found, if 
appropriate; or, alternatively, documents may be identified by numbering each such document 
and referring to the number in the answer and providing a true copy of each such numbered 
document with the Answers to Interrogatories. 
6. 
The term "identify" as used in each of the following Interrogatories requesting the 
identification of persons is intended to be interpreted to request and require for each witness 
known: 
A. 
The full name of the individual; 
B. 
The last known address and phone number of the individual; 
C. 
The last known place, address and phone number of employment of the 
individual; 
D. 
The substance of the witness' knowledge or information relating to the 
information requested. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Before answering the following Interrogatories, will you please make such inquiries of 
your agents, servants, employees and/or attorneys as will enable you to make full and true 
answers to the following, in accordance with the applicable Florida Rules of Civil Procedure. 
Additionally, if more space is required, please use a separate sheet of paper and attach same 
behind the sheet where the respective question appears. 
EFTA00729657
--- PAGE 56 ---
PLAINTIFF'S FIRST SET OF INTERROGATORIES TO DEFENDANT 
(If answering for another person or entity, answer with respect to that person or entity, unless 
otherwise stated.) 
I. 
What is the full name and Florida address of the person answering these interrogatories, 
and, if applicable, the person's official position or relationship with the party to whom the 
interrogatories are directed? 
2. 
Who is currently in possession of the computer equipment that was removed from your 
home in 2005, just prior to the execution of the search warrant? 
3. 
List each telephone number used by you or your assistants to call minor females directly, 
or indirectly, for the purpose of scheduling a massage to take place at your house located 
at 358 El Brillo Way, West Palm Beach (includes landlines, cell phones, and private jet 
or airplane lines). For each cell phone, list the provider. 
EFTA00729658
--- PAGE 57 ---
4. 
Last known name, address, and telephone numbers of all persons that may have any 
knowledge about any of the allegations in the Complaint, including, but not limited to, 
friends, acquaintances, employees, or others to whom you have spoken about the subject 
matter which forms the basis of this Complaint or who have observed such activity. 
5. 
Provide a complete list of the names of all females with whom you interacted sexually, 
who were at the time under 18 years of age. This is meant to include interactions at any 
time or any place. 
6. 
Provide a complete list of the names of all known or suspected minors with whom you 
had sexual activities from 2002 to date. 
EFTA00729659
--- PAGE 58 ---
7. 
Describe with as much specificity as possible where you resided from August 2002 
through the present (this interrogatory is meant to include time spent at each of your 
houses since August 2002). 
8. 
List of all employees, servants, cleaning staff, personal staff or assistants employed by 
you or your companies who worked out of or visited your residence in West Palm Beach 
between August 2002 and the present, including their dates of employment, their job 
duties and title, and their last known address and telephone numbers. 
9. 
State with as much specificity as possible when you met the Plaintiff, and include in your 
answer the following: (a) the circumstances and location of how and where you met, (b) 
describe the nature of your relationship; (c) describe how many occasions she was with 
you at your residence located at 358 El Brillo Way in West Palm Beach, Florida. 
EFTA00729660
--- PAGE 59 ---
. 
. 
EFTA00729661
--- PAGE 60 ---
10. 
Was there ever an employment or business relationship between you and the Plaintiff, 
and if so specify the duration of this relationship and how this relationship ended, 
including the nature of the remuneration to Plaintiff and what evidence or documentation 
exists of that relationship. 
11. 
Describe in your own words the method you used to procure females to provide you with 
but not limited to — Ghislaine Maxwell, 
massages. Include in your response the specific roles of eachitoshat assisted you, 
Ellt 
joss
, your housekeepers, Jean Luc Brunel, or any 
of ers. 
12. 
Did you ever engage in sexual activity of any kind whatsoever with the Plaintiff, and 
include in your answer what type of sexual activity took place, where it took place, and 
the dates or general timeframe when this activity occurred. 
EFTA00729662
--- PAGE 61 ---
13. 
Was it your intent to harm or injure the Plaintiff when you were interacting with her? 
14. 
Describe any words or actions that you made to assure the Plaintiff that sexual activity 
with you was proper or appropriate? 
15. 
Describe what age you thought the Plaintiff was when you first had sexual activity with 
her, including your reasons for that belief. 
16. 
State the facts upon which you rely for each affirmative defense in your answer. 
EFTA00729663
--- PAGE 62 ---
17. 
Do you have any remorse for your sexual interaction with then minor Plaintiff ■ 
18. 
Do you have any remorse for interacting sexually with other minor females? 
19. 
Do you intend to interact sexually with minors in the future? 
20. 
Do you derive any income from trafficking underage minor females for sex? Please 
explain in detail how much money you have made from sex trafficking since 1998. 
EFTA00729664
--- PAGE 63 ---
21. 
On how many occasions have you committed the following acts with underage minor 
females: 
A) felt her breasts 
B) inserted your fingers into her vagina 
C) engaged in full sexual intercourse 
D) rubbed her vagina or buttock over her clothes 
E) masturbated in her presence 
F) had her pinch your nipples while you mastubated 
22. 
Provide the names, addresses and telephone numbers of all the people that know of you 
interacting sexually with underage minors. 
EFTA00729665
--- PAGE 64 ---
I have read the foregoing Answers to Interrogatories and do swear that they are true and 
correct. 
Jeffrey Epstein, Defendant 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
: ss. 
COUNTY OF 
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 
day of 
2010, by JEFFREY EPSTEIN, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as identification. 
My Commission Expires: 
Signature of Acknowledger 
Typed/Printed Name of Acknowledger 
Title or Rank 
Serial Number, if any 
EFTA00729666
--- PAGE 65 ---
Intentionally Left Blank 
EFTA00729667
--- PAGE 66 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CASE NO.: 9: I 0-ev-81 III -DIMITROULEAS/Snow 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendants. 
NOTICE OF SERVICE OF PLAINTIFF'S FIRST SET OF INTERROGATORIES TO 
DEFENDANT 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the Plaintiff, 
by and through her undersigned 
counsel, has propounded unto the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, her First Set of Interrogatories, 
numbered I through 16, inclusive, to be answered in writing, under oath, pursuant to the 
applicable Florida Rules of Civil Procedure. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the above and foregoing has been 
provided together with service of the Complaint herein. 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, PL 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs) 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Fl 33301 
(954)524-2820 TELEPHONE 
954 524-2822 Fax 
BY: 
radley J. Ed 
ds 
Florida B• 
o. 542075 
EFTA00729668
--- PAGE 67 ---
UNITED STATES SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case #: CASE NO.: 9:10-ev-8I III -DIMITROULEAS/Snow 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendants. 
PLAINTIFF'S FIRST SET OF 
: 
INTERROGATORIES TO DEFENDANT 
COMES NOW the Plaintiff, 
by and through her undersigned counsel, and 
propounds unto the Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, her First Set of Interrogatories, numbered 1 
through 16, inclusive, to be answered in writing, under oath, pursuant to the applicable Florida 
Rules of Civil Procedure. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the original and one true and correct copy of the above and 
foregoing has been provided together with service of the Complaint herein. 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, PL 
Attorneys for Plaintiff(s) 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Fl 33301 
(954)524-2820 TELEPHONE 
954 524-2822 Fax 
BY: 
Bradley J. 
wards 
Flori 
No. 542075 
EFTA00729669
--- PAGE 68 ---
DEFINITIONS 
1. 
The term "document" as used herein means and includes, without limitation, all 
writings of any kind, including the originals and all non-identical copies or drafts, whether 
different from the original by reason of any notation made on such copy or draft or otherwise 
including, without limitation, correspondence, memoranda, notes, diaries, statistics, letters, e-
mail, electronic computer files, telegrams, minutes, contracts, reports, studies, checks, 
statements, receipts, returns, summaries, pamphlets, books, prospectuses, interoffice 
communications, offers, notations of any sort of conversation, telephone calls, meetings or other 
communications, bulletins, printed matter, computer print-outs, teletypes, facsimiles, invoices, 
work sheets and all drafts, alterations, modifications, changes, and amendments of any of the 
foregoing, graphic or aural writs, records or representations of any kind including, without 
limitation, photographs, charts, graphs, microfiche, microfilm, videotape, recordings, motion 
pictures; and electronic, mechanical or electric records or representations of any kind including, 
without limitation, tapes, cassettes and disc recordings, and writings and printed material of 
every kind, whether or not the document is out of your possession, custody or control. 
2. 
The term "correspondence" as used herein is defined to mean any tangible object 
that conveys information or memorializes information that was conveyed in tangible or oral form 
including, but not limited to, writings, letters, memoranda, reports, notes, telegrams and 
interoffice communication. 
3. 
The term "relating to" as used herein is defined to mean evidencing, referring to, 
pertaining to, consisting of, reflecting, concerning, or in any way logically or factually connected 
with the matter discussed. 
4. 
The phrase "describe and explain" and the term "state" as used herein are intended 
to and shall be interpreted to request a full and fair statement of the fact or matter being 
described and explained, including a statement of all facts, statements, events and circumstances 
necessary to understand and evaluate the fact or matter being described and explained. 
5. 
The term "identify" as used in each of the following Interrogatories requesting an 
identification of documents is intended to be interpreted to request and require: 
A. 
The date of the document; 
B. 
The originator of the document; 
C. 
The type of document; 
D. 
The addressee of the document, if any; 
E. 
Identification of persons to whom copies of the documents were furnished; 
F. 
Details as to the custody of the document on the date the Interrogatories 
are answered; 
EFTA00729670
--- PAGE 69 ---
G. 
Specific page numbers where the information requested may be found, if 
appropriate; or, alternatively, documents may be identified by numbering each such document 
and referring to the number in the answer and providing a true copy of each such numbered 
document with the Answers to Interrogatories. 
6. 
The term "identify" as used in each of the following Interrogatories requesting the 
identification of persons is intended to be interpreted to request and require for each witness 
known: 
A. 
The full name of the individual; 
B. 
The last known address and phone number of the individual; 
C. 
The last known place, address and phone number of employment of the 
individual; 
D. 
The substance of the witness' knowledge or information relating to the 
information requested. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Before answering the following Interrogatories, will you please make such inquiries of 
your agents, servants, employees and/or attorneys as will enable you to make full and true 
answers to the following, in accordance with the applicable Florida Rules of Civil Procedure. 
Additionally, if more space is required, please use a separate sheet of paper and attach same 
behind the sheet where the respective question appears. 
EFTA00729671
--- PAGE 70 ---
PLAINTIFF'S FIRST SET OF INTERROGATORIES TO DEFENDANT 
(If answering for another person or entity, answer with respect to that person or entity, unless 
otherwise stated.) 
1. 
What is the full name and Florida address of the person answering these interrogatories, 
and, if applicable, the person's official position or relationship with the party to whom the 
interrogatories are directed? 
2. 
Who is currently in possession of the computer equipment that was removed from your 
home in 2005, just prior to the execution of the search warrant? 
3. 
List each telephone number used by you or your assistants to call minor females directly, 
or indirectly, for the purpose of scheduling a massage to take place at your house located 
at 358 El Brillo Way, West Palm Beach (includes landlines, cell phones, and private jet 
or airplane lines). For each cell phone, list the provider. 
EFTA00729672
--- PAGE 71 ---
4. 
Last known name, address, and telephone numbers of all persons that may have any 
knowledge about any of the allegations in the Complaint, including, but not limited to, 
friends, acquaintances, employees, or others to whom you have spoken about the subject 
matter which forms the basis of this Complaint or who have observed such activity. 
5. 
Provide a complete list of the names of all females with whom you interacted sexually, 
who were at the time under 18 years of age. This is meant to include interactions at any 
time or any place. 
6. 
Provide a complete list of the names of all known or suspected minors with whom you 
had sexual activities from 2002 to date. 
EFTA00729673
--- PAGE 72 ---
7. 
Describe with as much specificity as possible where you resided from August 2002 
through the present (this interrogatory is meant to include time spent at each of your 
houses since August 2002). 
8. 
List of all employees, servants, cleaning staff, personal staff or assistants employed by 
you or your companies who worked out of or visited your residence in West Palm Beach 
between August 2002 and the present, including their dates of employment, their job 
duties and title, and their last known address and telephone numbers. 
9. 
State with as much specificity as possible when you met the Plaintiff, and include in your 
answer the following: (a) the circumstances and location of how and where you met, (b) 
describe the nature of your relationship; (c) describe how many occasions she was with 
you at your residence located at 358 El Brillo Way in West Palm Beach, Florida. 
EFTA00729674
--- PAGE 73 ---
. 
EFTA00729675
--- PAGE 74 ---
10. 
Was there ever an employment or business relationship between you and the Plaintiff, 
and if so specify the duration of this relationship and how this relationship ended, 
including the nature of the remuneration to Plaintiff and what evidence or documentation 
exists of that relationship. 
II. 
Describe in your own words the method you used to procure females to provide you with 
massages. Include in your response the specific role
loshmitecir, 
includi 
Silo 
- 
hi lain Maxwell, 
your housekeepers, Jean Luc Brunel, or any 
others. 
12. 
Did you ever engage in sexual activity of any kind whatsoever with the Plaintiff, and 
include in your answer what type of sexual activity took place, where it took place, and 
the dates or general timeframe when this activity occurred. 
EFTA00729676
--- PAGE 75 ---
13. 
Was it your intent to harm or injure the Plaintiff when you were interacting with her? 
14. 
Describe any words or actions that you made to assure the Plaintiff that sexual activity 
with you was proper or appropriate? 
15. 
Describe what age you thought the Plaintiff was when you first had sexual activity with 
her, including your reasons for that belief. 
16. 
State the facts upon which you rely for each affirmative defense in your answer. 
EFTA00729677
--- PAGE 76 ---
17. 
Do you have any remorse for your sexual interaction with then minor Plaintiff 
18. 
Do you have any remorse for interacting sexually with other minor females? 
19. 
Do you intend to interact sexually with minors in the future? 
20. 
Do you derive any income from trafficking underage minor females for sex? Please 
explain in detail how much money you have made from sex trafficking since 1998. 
EFTA00729678
--- PAGE 77 ---
21. 
On how many occasions have you committed the following acts with underage minor 
females: 
A) felt her breasts 
B) inserted your fingers into her vagina 
C) engaged in full sexual intercourse 
D) rubbed her vagina or buttock over her clothes 
E) masturbated in her presence 
F) had her pinch your nipples while you mastubated 
22. 
Provide the names, addresses and telephone numbers of all the people that know of you 
interacting sexually with underage minors. 
EFTA00729679
--- PAGE 78 ---
I have read the foregoing Answers to Interrogatories and do swear that they are true and 
correct. 
Jeffrey Epstein, Defendant 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
: ss. 
COUNTY OF 
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 
day of 
, 
2010, by JEFFREY EPSTEIN, who is personally known to me or who has produced 
as identification. 
My Commission Expires: 
Signature of Acknowledger 
Typed/Printed Name of Acknowledger 
Title or Rank 
Serial Number, if any 
EFTA00729680
--- PAGE 79 ---
Intentionally Left Blank 
EFTA00729681
--- PAGE 80 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 9:10-cv-81111 -DIMITROULEAS/Snow 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendants. 
NOTICE OF VIDEO DEPOSITION OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the attorney for the plaintiff in the above-styled 
cause will take the video deposition of Jeffrey Epstein on Wednesday, November 10, 
2010 at 10:00 a.m. for the purposes of discovery at the following location: 
US LEGAL SUPPORT 
444 West Railroad Avenue, Suite 300 
%Vest Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Said deposition will be taken before US Legal Support, a Notary Public or any officer 
authorized to administer oaths by the laws of the State of Florida, and a person who is 
neither a relative, nor employee, nor attorney, nor counsel of any of the parties and who 
is neither a relative nor employee of such attorney or counsel, and who is not financially 
interested in the action. 
Said deposition will be taken pursuant to Florida Rules of Civil Procedure in such 
cases provided. Said oral examination will continue from hour to hour and from day to 
day until completed. 
EFTA00729682
--- PAGE 81 ---
CERTICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the original of the above and a copy of the foregoing 
has been Served on Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, with the Summons and Complaint. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(954) 524-2820 
524-2822
By: 
f MRRADLEY,ktDWARDS 
No.: 542075 
'cc: 
US Legal Support via email 
EFTA00729683
--- PAGE 82 ---
Intentionally Left Blank 
EFTA00729684
--- PAGE 83 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CASE NO.: 9: 10-cv-81 1 11 -DIMITROULEAS/Snow 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendants. 
NOTICE OF VIDEO DEPOSITION OF 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the attorney for the plaintiff in the above-styled 
cause will take the video deposition of 
on Thursday, November 18, 2010 
at 10:00 a.m. for the purposes of discovery at the following location: 
US LEGAL SUPPORT 
444 West Railroad Avenue, Suite 300 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Said deposition will be taken before US Legal Support, a Notary Public or any 
officer authorized to administer oaths by the laws of the State of Florida, and a person 
who is neither a relative, nor employee, nor attorney, nor counsel of any of the parties 
and who is neither a relative nor employee of such attorney or counsel, and who is not 
financially interested in the action. 
Said deposition will be taken pursuant to Florida Rules of Civil Procedure in such 
cases provided. Said oral examination will continue from hour to hour and from day to 
day until completed. 
EFTA00729685
--- PAGE 84 ---
CERTICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the on
 of the above and a copy of the foregoing 
has been Served on Defendant, MI= with the Summons and Complaint. 
Farmer, .Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(954) 524-2820 
954 524-2822 fax 
By: 
f2 
cc: 
US Legal Support via email 
ARDS 
.:542075 
EFTA00729686

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729687.pdf
----------------------------------------
BIOGRAPHY FOR JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
Jeffrey E. Epstein is Chairman and CEO of Th e Financial Trust Company, an exclusive 
private trust company that provides a unique array of financial planning for families with a 
minimum net worth of a Billion Dollars. Services encompass tax planning, investments and 
fiduciary arrangements utilizing the expertise of some of the world's leading financial expert. 
Mr. Epstein is a member of the Trilateral Commission; the Council of Foreign Relations; 
The HE, the parent organization for the Fulbright Scholarship Program; The New York Academy 
of Science and a former Rockefeller University Board Member. Mr. Epstein is actively involved 
in the Santa Fe Institute, The Theoretical Biology Initiative at the Institute of Advanced Study 
and The Quantum Gravity Program at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Epstein is also 
involved with the Evolutionary Dynamics Program, the Placebo Study and sits on the Mind, 
Brain & Behavior Advisory Committee at Harvard. 
Mr. Epstein also hosted and sponsored an 
Artificial Intelligence Symposium at the University of the Virgin Islands in conjunction with 
Marvin Minsky, the cofounder of the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at the Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology. Additionally, Mr. Epstein is highly active in the Virgin Islands 
education system, showing his commitment in a number of ways. Examples are the support of a 
school counselor, capital improvements to the new Enhanced Education building on the Antilles 
School campus, and helping to sustain summer enrichment and reading programs such as 
Upward Bound, the New Image Foundation, Future Business Leaders of America, Beacon 
Schools and Friends of St. Thomas Libraries. Mr. Epstein also provides academic and financial 
needs scholarships to children with limited financial resources who wish to attend private and/or 
EFTA00729687
--- PAGE 2 ---
parochial school as well as attend the local university. Globally, Mr. Epstein has funded the 
High Energy Physics Project in South Africa and the Theoretical Physics Project in India. 
Mr. Epstein started his career at Bear Steams with an educational background in physics. 
His philanthropic affiliations include both the Wexner Foundation and the COUQ Foundation. 
EFTA00729688
--- PAGE 3 ---
BIOGRAPHY FOR JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
Jeffrey E. Epstein is Chairman and CEO of The Financial Trust Company, an exclusive 
private trust company that provides a unique array of financial planning for families with a 
minimum net worth of a Billion Dollars. Services encompass tax planning, investments and 
fiduciary arrangements utilizing the expertise of some of the world's leading financial expert. 
Mr. Epstein is a member of the Trilateral Commission; the Council of Foreign Relations; 
The IIE, the parent organization for the Fulbright Scholarship Program; The New York Academy 
of Science and a former Rockefeller University Board Member. Mr. Epstein is actively involved 
in the Santa Fe Institute, The Theoretical Biology Initiative at the Institute of Advanced Study 
and The Quantum Gravity Program at the University of Pennsylvania. Additionally, Mr. Epstein 
is involved with the Evolutionary Dynamics Program, the Placebo Study and sits on the Mind, 
Brain & Behavior Advisory Committee at Harvard. Mr. Epstein also hosted and sponsored an 
Artificial Intelligence Conference in St. Thomas in conjunction with Marvin Minsky, the 
cofounder of the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 
Globally, Mr. Epstein has funded the High Energy Physics Project in South Africa and the 
Theoretical Physics Project in India. 
Mr. Epstein started his career at Bear Stearns with an educational background in physics. 
His philanthropic affiliations include both the Wexner Foundation and the COUQ Foundation. 
EFTA00729689
--- PAGE 4 ---
J. EPSTEIN VI FOUNDATION 
Educational Related Contributions 2000-2004 
1. 
Enhanced Education 
$280,000 
• 
Support of a school counselor at $70,000 per year with a five year commitment 
(expires — June 2007). 
• 
Provided $70,000 for capital improvements to the new Enhanced Education 
building on the Antilles School campus. 
• 
Purpose is to create and manage a program to assist students (K-12) in achieving 
their academic goals within their regular academically competitive school 
environment. The program is open and free of charge to all students within the 
St. Thomas community. 
2. 
University of the Virgin Islands Symposium 
$ 72,000 
• 
Artificial Intelligence Symposium held at UVI on April 14-17 2002. 
• 
Cost paid by JEVIF for site expense, hotel, travel and incidentals of participants. 
• 
Symposium was open to UVI faculty and students majoring in computing science. 
3. 
Summer Enrichment and Reading Programs 
...5 37,000 
• 
Upward Bound — A program that assists student who have college potential 
but have needed additional academic preparation to succeed in college. 
• 
New Image Foundation — A program that assists adults with the transition 
from public assistant to full time employment. The program provides basic 
training such as computer skills as well as entrepreneurial training. 
• 
Future Business Leaders of America — Program provides leadership skills 
within the middle school curriculum. 
• 
Beacon Schools — Operates after school community learning centers that 
serve over 4,000 middle, low and very low income children throughout the 
Virgin Islands. 
• 
Friends of St. Thomas Libraries — Program operates a summer reading 
program for children as well as it provides books to the public library. 
4. 
Academic and Financial Need Scholarships 
.$233,000 
This funding provided academic and financial scholarships to children with limited 
financial resources who wish to attend a private and/or parochial school as well as 
attend the local university. 
• 
All Saints School 
• 
AZ Academy 
• 
Antilles School 
• 
Harvard University 
• 
Montessori School 
• 
University of the VI 
EFTA00729690
--- PAGE 5 ---
BIOGRAPHY FOR JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
Jeffrey Epstein is Chairman and CEO of The Financial Trust Company, an 
exclusive private trust company that provides a unique array of financial planning 
services for families with a minimum net worth of a Billion Dollars. Services encompass 
tax planning, investments and fiduciary arrangements utilizing the expertise of some of 
the world's leading financial experts. 
Mr. Epstein is a member of the Trilateral Commission; the Council of Foreign 
Relations; The HE, the parent operation for the Fulbright Scholarship Program; The New.
York Academy of Science and a former Rockefeller University Board Member. Mr. 
Epstein is also actively involved in the Santa Fe Institute, The Theoretical Biology 
Initiative at the Institute for Advanced Study, The Quantum Gravity Program at the 
• University of Pennsylvania, and also sits on the Mind, Brain & Behavior Advisory 
Committee at Harvard. 
Mr. Epstein started his career at Bear Steams with an educational background in 
physics. His philanthropic affiliations include both the Wexner Foundation and The 
COUQ Foundation. 
EFTA00729691

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729692.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEFFREY KOG 
To: 
Darin 
From: 
Jeffrey Kogan 
Re: 
Financial Statement 
Date: 
October 26, 2010 
Following this cover page is the Financial Statement prepared by our accountants. Note the 
asterisk online L I instructed my accountant to add $4,650,000 to the Chase checking account 
(see Schedule A). 
In addition, I am faxing to you a Board Package (so referred to by our broker). 
Call me any time if there is anything else you need. 
EFTA00729692
--- PAGE 2 ---
FINANCIAL STATEMENT 
Name: 
Address: 
Faith Kates and Jeffrey Kogan 
Assets: 
Total of cash in banks, CMA'S, CD's, etc. (see Schedule A) 
4,776,812 
Securities (see Schedule 8) 
6,031,480 
Real Estate (see Schedule C) 
9,500,000 
Pension Funds (see Schedule U) 
812,607 
Life Insurance: Cash Surrender Value (see Schedule E) 
Escrow deposit on apartment 
Other Assets (see Schedule F) 
20,000,000 
TOTAL ASSETS 
41,120,898 
Liabilities: 
Mortgages payable (see Schedule C) 
2,017,125 
Other Liabilities (see Schedule G) 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
$ 
2,017,125 
NET WORTH (excess of assets over liabilities) 
39,103,773 
Income: 
Salary (or earned income) 
604,426 
Dividends & Interest 
$ 
158,791 
Other (see Schedule H) 
(122,720) 
TOTAL INCOME 
640,497 
SIGNATURE: 
SIGNATURE: 
DATE: October 26, 2010 
DATE: October 26, 2010 
ci) 
EFTA00729693
--- PAGE 3 ---
FINANCIAL STATEMENT: Supplementary Schedule 
A. Cash, Bank, Money Fund, CD. CMA, or other 
Name, Address 
Type of Account 
 Cash Balance 
JP MoTan Chase 
Checking 
4,676,828 
JP Morgan Chase 
Money Market 
8,970 
JP Morgan Chase 
UTMA Savings 
26,513 
JP Morgan Chase 
UTMA Savings 
39,572 
JP Morgan Chase 
_UTMA Savings 
24,929 
Assuming 
,550,000 °eposlteo into 
B. Securities 
Name, Address 
Type of Account 
Market Value 
Goldman Sachs & Company 
Municipal Fixed Income 
3,192,169 
Goldman Sachs & Company 
Money Market Funds 
2,573.212 
Goldman Sachs & Company 
Money Market Funds 
and Securities (UTMA) 
117,082 
Goldman Sachs & Company 
Money Market Funds 
and Securities (UTMA) 
86,580 
Goldman Sachs & Company 
Money Market Funds 
and Securities (UTMA) 
27,726 
Fidelity Investments 
Money Market Funds 
and Securities 
18,795 
Fidelity Investments 
Money Market Funds 
17,916 
C. Real Estate 
Location of Property 
Market Value 
Mortgage Balance 
257.640 
Watermill, New York 
2,500,000 
New York, New York 
750,000 
Roslyn, New York 
1,000,000 
266,002 
Brooklyn, New York 
-• 
4,000.000 
1.493,483 
Niagara Falls, New York 
1,250,000 
- 
D. Pension Funds 
Description 
Amount 
Fidelity Investments - Traditional IRA 
109,200 
Fidelity Investments - Profit Sharing Keogh 
66.102 
Goldirkin Sachs - IRA 
35,249 
Goldman Sachs - Profit Sharing Plan (Partnership Holding Corporation) 
233,482 
Fidelity 401K 
324,068 
Vanguard SEP 
44,486 
EFTA00729694
--- PAGE 4 ---
FINANCIAL STATEMENT: Supplementary Schedule 
E. Life Insurance 
Beneficiary, Insurance Co. 
None 
Cash Surrender Value 
F. Other Assets 
Description 
Amount 
Interest in Partnership Holding Corporation, a corporation of which Faith 
Kates is the sole shareholder. The corporation owns 31% of Next 
Management LLC and 4 related Europeon entities. 
G. Other Liabilities 
20,00%000 
Description 
None 
Amount 
H. Other Income 
Description 
Amount 
K-1 Income from Partnership Holding Corporation 
208,495 
Net losses from Real Estate holdings 
(331216) 
EFTA00729695
--- PAGE 5 ---
HEAL ESTATE 
Charles H. Oteenthal Management 
Pew Park Ammo • Ilsbd Ace • Kw Ter 
toolc•s331 
Taleem: 113131340.0100 
TAX: MIR 447.1007 
IMPERIAL HOUSE 
69" TENANTS CORP. 
150 EAST 69" STREET 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10021 
REQUIREMENTS FOR THE TRANSFER OF APARTMENTS 
Please provide the following and send to Charles H. Greenthal Management Corp., 4 Park 
Avenue, New York., New York 10016, Attention: Romer Carro0: 
A. One (1) complete board package marked "original" consisting of all items (1-21). 
B. Ten _(101 collated copies of Items 1-10 in individually bound three-ring binders no wider than 
14". Please include dividers and/or tabs for each section of your application. 
C. I go (101 Identical CD's each with a scanned copy of Items 1-12 only an PDF format). (Each 
requirement must be clearly titled on the CD by tuning its own Ede for easy referral by 
Board members.) 
1. 
Purchase Application, completed and signed (application enclosed). 
2. 
Contract of Sale, fully executed and dated by all parties. 
Finenciall Statement (3-page form enclnse,d) listing all amets and liabilities. 
4. 
Signed copies of the last two (2) pan Federal and state income tax returns (pages one 
end two only) and W-2 forms; 
5. 
Employer reference letter stating annual salary, position and length of employment. If self-
employed• not employed or retired, please provide a letter frnm a certified public accountant 
stating income and how many years accountant has prepared returns. 
6. 
Reference letter from present landlord or Managing Agent, should include verification of 
rent, maintenance or mortgage payments. 
7. 
Rank verification letter stating typo of account, amount on deposit in dollars, when account 
was first opened. Include account numbers. This letter is required in addition to =rent bank 
state-malts. 
8. 
Three (3) or four (4) personal reference letters. 
9. 
If apartment is being funancil, please include the Commitment Lotter fiom the bank 
(Maximum Financing Permitted is 50% of Purchase Price). 
to. 
Supplemental Rider to Contract of Sala (sec attached to:.,, Cu, language to use in Rider. 
The following llama (11 and 12) pre to be Included ht the us Waal package and on CD: 
MEMBEES Of THE WESTGROW OF COMPANIES 
The Chaska H. °remittal Oroua Inc. • Charles H. Grcenthal Management Corp • Charles H. Greenfly! Commenlal Corp. 
Marks N. Oreersthos Poeiamue peaty< • Creonahese Me.. amain 
West Propattea, Inc. • no-atarnMs Co. • linen. 
PI. 
• 
www.greenthal.cozn 
EFTA00729696
--- PAGE 6 ---
RI:AI. RcrArg 
1:— TIrmancial Statement (lean enclosed) listing all assets and liabilities together with 
documentation to verify entries including the verification of bank accounts, stocks, bonds, real 
estate and all other items listed. Statements must Include all pages. 
12. 
Signed copies of the last two (2) years Federal and state tax returns including all schedules 
and attachments (i.e., and I099R's, K-I 's) required to be filed with tax returns. 
The following items and checks are to be submitted *Albs oristioal package, but do not need to 
be Included on the CD: 
13. 
Lead Paint Disclosure Form executed by Seller(s), Purchaser(s) and Agents) (form enclosed). 
l4. 
Alteration and move-in depoeit letter to be executed by applicant(s) and submitted with Patters 
(enclosed form). 
15. 
If apartment Is being (latticed, please include originals of the Recognition Agreement, in 
triplicate, fully executed (Azteeh form only) in the original package. 
16. 
Apartment Alteration guidelines for informational purposes only (enclosed form). 
17. 
Window Guard Notice fully executed by potential purchasers(s) (enclosed form). 
IS. 
A credit check authorization form to be signed by applicant(s) (enclosed form). 
19. 
Credit check the and nationwide 'aniline' backer:mutd chock of 5200.00 (non..refundable) 
person payable by Certified Cheek, bank cheek or Money Order to Charles H. Greenthal 
Management Corp. from applicant(s). 
20. 
An application fee of $300.00 (non-refundable) payable by Certified Check, bank check or 
Money Order to Charles H. Greenthal Management Corp. from applicant(s). 
21. 
Certified Check, bank elteck or Money Order of Se 50 00 payable to Stroock Stroock & 
Levan for litigation search. 
SPECIAL NOTES: 
SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS AND ACCOUNT NUMBERS SHOULD BE BLOCKED OUT ON ALL 
COPIES THROUGHOUT THE PACKAGE INCLUDING APPLICATION AND TAX RETURNS. PART A 
(TETE ORIGINAL) SHOULD INCLUDE SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS AND ACCOUNT NUMBERS. 
Any packages received Incomplete will be resumed to sends: vie U.S. mail. 
Children ova the age of twelve (12) may be asked to accompany parents to the interview. 
If stock certificate end proprietary lease arc to be held in the name of a Revocable Trust please submit copy of the trust 
agreement. 
A Certificate of Insurance showing one million dollars of liability for the apartment is required at dosing. 
The Board of Directors must approve any work of any nature. Please contact Mark E. Hamilton at (212) 535-2218 for 
neentary documents 
EFTA00729697
--- PAGE 7 ---
REAL ESTATE 
IMPERIAL ROME 
ton 
ALL FEES BY THE SELLER(S) MUST BE PAID BY CERTIFIED CHECK. MONEY ORDER OR ATTORNEY 
ESCROW CHECKS. CHECKS FROM THE PURCHASER MAY BE PERSONAL WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE 
MOVE-TN DEPOSIT, WIRCNN MUST DE CERTIFIED OR BANK CHECK. 
MANAGING AGENT'S TRANSPER FEE 
$600.00 
PAYABLE TO CHARLES It GREENTHAL MANAGEMENT CORP. 
N.Y. STATE TRANSFER STAMPS ($O5 PER SHARE) 
PAYABLE TO CHARLES H. GREENTHAL MANAGEMENT CORP. 
Administrative fee _payable 
PAYABLE TO G9T" TENANTS CORP. 
ESTATE SALE, IP APPLICABLE: 
A) 
COPY OF WILL 
B) 
ORIGINAL LETTERS OF TESTAMENTARY 
C) 
ORIGINAL NEW YORK STATE TAX WAIVER 
$25.00 
YOUR PROPRIETARY LEASE AND STOC3C CERTIFICATE MUST BE BROUGHT TO CLOSING. 
ALL 
MAINTENANCE AND OTHER ARREARS MUST BE PAID AT CLOSING. 
PUISES 
IF FINANCING. PROCESSING FEE 
S425.00 
PAYABLE TO CHARLES H. GREENTHAL MANAGEMENT CORP. 
Adminitative feeiayable 
$25.00 
PAYABLE TO 69
 TENANTS CORP. 
ALTERATION AND MOVE•IN DEPOSIT (REETOIDABLIO 
SI0,000 
PAYABLE TO 69" TIINANTS CORP, 
t.HLt.K MUST BE CERTIFIED OR RANK CHECK AND WILL BE DEPOSITED. 
WHEN CLOSING TAKES PLACE ON OR AMR THE 16TH OF THE MONTH, MAINTENANCE FOR THE 
FOLLOWING MONTH IS DUE AT CLOSING. 
SELLER AND PURCHASER MUST BRING PHOTO IDENTIFICATION TO CLOSING. 
ATDITIONAL ChOEENE CHARGES 
IF THE CLOSING IS NOT COmplzus WITHIN 2 HOURS. AN ADDITIONAL CHARGE Or 520000 WEL DE ADDED TO 
THE MANAGEMENT FEE. 
THERE IS A $200.00 CANCELLATION CHARGE IF OUR TRANSFER AOENT IS REQUIRED TO ATTEND A CLOSING. 
WHICH IS NOT CONSUMMATED. 
THERE IS AMAPA:EN LATE CANCELLATION MARGE W A CLOSING IS NOT CANCELED PRIOR TO 24 HOURS 
OF THE SCHEDULED DATE. 
EFTA00729698
--- PAGE 8 ---
CI-MALES H, CRCENTliA) NIS ANAGCAL ENT CORP. 
roue Pm°, Meng. Mut floo. 
Real Estate 
FILE UNDERSICATED APPLIES FOR APPROVAL BY ME BOARD Of DIRECTORS Of ME CORPORADON USIED BELOW Of THE PROPOSES/PM-14AI UP 'HARES OF THE CAPITAL sract
CONN(CnoN shim Mt COUCronTEC APARNENunif UNIXILSICtif 0 OFFERS TO PURCHASE THE CONDOMINIUM Mit 
COOPERARvf/CCINCOMINIUM NAME! 
ADDRESS, 
Am 
NO. OF SHAREWERCENTATGE.  
PURCJMSE 
S 
CURRENT MONTHLY MAIMENANCEJCONMON CH ICES-:  
SNANONG WS 1) 
NO 0 
LENDER: 
AMOUNT 10 BE FAUCED I 
RERCENIAGE 
PROPOSE° =we omEt 
PROPOSED OCCUPANCY bAlE• 
PURCHASE APPLICATION 
COOPERATIVE/CONDOMINIUM 
(Plost TYPE Alt Ropotrus) 
SEEMS rum& 
SSP 
tiu.crrs Rust, 
SSC 
RESENT mimes, 
ore, 
STATE 
ZIP: 
TELEPHONEI 
BUSINESS. 
HOME: 
FAX 
SELLERS ATTORNEY- 
IELEPHONE. 
FAX, 
ADDRESS.
_SPATE; 
bp. 
NAME OR NAMES MUST BE ENTERED BELOW IN THE MANNER THAT THE STOCK CERTIFICATE (COOPERATIVE) OR DEED ICON DONINIU SAND OTHER DOCUMENTS ARE TO BE 
DRAWN. 
APPuOvirS Myr 
SSo 
CO./ORIONIS NAME. 
SSO 
PRESCNI ADORESS 
 STATE-..
fettPHuvE 
BUSINESS, 
KW( 
FAx 
AfFtICANTI ATTORNEY/ 
TELEPHONE 
FAX 
FIRM 
ADDRESS 
QTY; 
STATE  
ZIP 
BROKERS NAIAG  
HIER-IONE. 
FAX 
ERN, 
ADDRESS 
CITY. 
STATE. 
 ZIP 
BROKERS NAME.  
TELEPHONE.  
FAX. 
EFTA00729699
--- PAGE 9 ---
APPVCANUNCORAIATION 
NAME- 
CURRENT ADDRESS 
ANNUAL RENT OR mAssiTENANGE, 
. 
_DATES OF OCCUPANCY- 
CITIZENSHIP, 
PRESENT LANDLORD OR MANAGING AGENT, 
TELEPHONE NO 
ofteituS HOME ADDRESS. 
DACES OE OCICVPANCI. 
PREVIOUS LANDLORD OR MANIOC AGENT 
TELEPHONE NO-
EMPIOYMFFU. 
PRESENT EmPtOrEERt 
ADDRESS, 
TELEPHONE NO. 
OATES OF ETAPLCMAENT, 
POSITION HELD: 
ANNUAL SALARY: 
PREVIOUSEMPLOYER- 
ADDRESS. 
 TELEPHONE NO: 
DATES OF EMPLOYMENT: 
POSITION HELD: 
ANNUAL MARE: 
EQLLCADONSACKLRD.Utik 
mai SCHOOL 
COLLEGE: 
GRADUATE SCHOOL 
ACINITLES. 
UST MEMBERSHIP IN ALL CUBS. SOCIETIES. WITH DATES. 
LIST HOSSIEs. 
LIST vOWNTEERMALANENRONC AMITIES-
ApPLICAKCSSEEESENCII 
NAME OF BANK: 
ADDRESS. 
TYPE OF ACCOUNT. 
NAME OF BANX, 
ADDRESS- 
OF ACCOUNT 
NAME OF ACcOutauff: 
FIRM  
TYPE Of ACCOUNT. 
ADLnet.ss:  
 TELEPHONt 140, 
ouSiNFSWERENGEf. 
EFAME.  JR? 
nRAi 
ADDRESS: 
TELEPHONE NO. 
NAME, 
FIRM• 
ADDRESS: 
TELEPHONE NO. 
NAME. 
FIRM 
ADDRESS. 
TELEPHONE NO. 
_ 
PERSONAL REEERPNCES. 
NAME, 
FIRM. 
ADDRESS. 
TELEPHONE NO 
HAILE. 
ADDRESS: 
TELEPHONE NO. 
NAME, 
FIRM 
ADDRESS• 
TELEPHONE NO 
EFTA00729700
--- PAGE 10 ---
gaaniC itlittifaibsgal 
NAME: 
CURRENT ADDRESS 
.121NIJAL RENT CET MAINTENANCE 
DATES OF OCCUPANCY 
CITIZENSHIP:  
PRESENT LANDLORD OR MANAONG AGENT: 
TELEPHONE NO. 
PREVIOUS HOME ADDRESS, 
DATES Of OGYI PAM"( 
PREVIOUS LANDLORD OR MAAMONCACENT: 
TELEPHONE NO 
LMINONTFIENT. 
PRESENT EMPLOYEER• 
ADDRESS 
TELEPHONE NO. 
DATES OF FM PLOYMENTH 
POSITION HELD: 
ANNUAL WAR,: 
PREVIOUS EMPLOYER: 
ADDRESS: 
TELEPHONE NO. 
DATES OF EMPLOYMENT: 
POSITION HEM 
NANUAI. smart. 
INStiliz 
HIGH SCHOOL 
COI! FC.G. 
GRADUATE SCHOOL: 
6CM/rift
UST MEMBERSHIP IN ALL cues. SCCIETIES. WITH DATES -
UST HORDES: 
UST VOUMITEERMAILMITHROPIC ACIPAITES. 
EMECDELLEUERSES: 
NAME OF BANK 
ADC>RESS. 
TYPE Cf ACCOUNT. 
NAME OF &WK. 
ADDRESS. 
TYPE OF ACCOUNT. 
NAME Of ACCOUNTANT: 
ARM. 
TYPE Of ACCOUNT. 
ADDRESS.  
TELLritoNC NO 
WANES; REFERFNCFS-
NAME: 
RAW 
ADDRESS 
 TELEPHONE ND 
NAME, 
FIRM. 
ADDRESS 
TELEPHONE NO. 
NAME. 
ARM, 
ADDRESS 
TELEPHONE NO 
PERSONAL JIET ERE NCFS. 
NAMf• 
ARM 
ADDRESS. 
 TELEPHONE NO. 
wag• 
HRH: 
ADDRESS, 
TELEPHONE NO. 
NAME. 
FIRM. 
ADDRESS 
TELEPHONE NO 
EFTA00729701
--- PAGE 11 ---
ADDITIONN INFORMATION; 
LIST NAMES AND AcEs Of CHILDREN 
LIST NAMES AND RELMONSHiP Of PROPOSED OCCUPANTS Of THE APARTMENT -
WILL THE APARIMEM BE YOUR PRINOPµ RESIDENCE? 
VS O 
NO D 
NAMES Of RESIDENTS IN THE BOLDUC KNOWN TO THE APPLICANTES} 
DOES APPLICANT WIL;H TO MANINN PETS IN THE APARTMENT? IF SO SPECIFY NUMBER AND TYPE Of PET 
ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION WHICH MAY BE PERTINENT OR HELPFUL it4 SUPPORT OF THIS APPUCATION 
CERTIFICATIOd
THE uffocRsic.fiCD APTAG.Amai cvninES THAT ALL THE THEORmAHON SET FORTH IN am ANKKATION IS A COmPtETE AND ACCURATE STATEMENT OF FACTS. D I; 
UNDERSTOOD THAT THE BOARD Of DIRECTORS G THE COOPERATTvE CORPORATION OR THE BOARD OF MANAGERS OF THE comoOmiHrum WILL RELY ON THE 
INFORMATION FURNISHED IN CONSIDERING THIS APPUCATION. THE UNDERSIGNED AUTHORIZES THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSIMANAGERS AND ITS AGENTS TO CONTACT 
MY EMPLOYERS, BANKS, LANDLORD, EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTONS. REFERENCES. AND OREM INVESTIGATORYACENOES FOR INEORMATTON BEARING UPON THIS 
ApoucAnon. 
IN NO EVENT FULL THE COOPERATIVE CORPORMON.CONDOmMIUM, ITS BOARD OF DIRKTORS/MANAGERS. ITS AGENT OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES BF RESPONSIBLE FOR 
off DAMAGE, COST. EXPENSE OR LIABILITY RESULTING FROM OR Rage< TO ANY DEW IN THE REVIEW' PROCESS, THE DISAPPROVAL OF DIE APPUCATION OR 
OTHERWISE. 
THE APARTMENXINIT IS SOLD 'AS IS' AND UNLESS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH TO THE CONTRARY, THE SEVER IS NOT OBLIGATED TO MACE MY REPN RS OR DECORATIONS. 
Jilt OetiGATION TO Muth POSX5Sroff of THE AFARTmENTAPLIT IS TOW Of THE puRtrudet. IME ruRCHASER Of AN APARTMENT/unit TAKES. suIPECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF THE PROPRIETARY LEASE. BrIAWS AND RUSES MID RECARADONS (COOPEILUWE4 OR THE MACAWS. DECIARATIOR AND RULES ANO REGULATIONS 
(CONDOMINIUM), AND ASSUMES ALL OF THE SELLER'S OBUr.ATONS THEREUNDER. 
IT IS UNDERSTOOD MAT CHARLES 14 CREENTSIAL MANAGEMENT CORP. IS ACTING AS AN AGENT FOR THE COOPERATIVE CORPORATIOEMONDOMNIUM AND MAKES NO 
PERKS/MAHON WITH RESPECT TO THE VALUE Of THE BIA MIK OR BC APARTMENTAINIT OR OTHERWISE. MO ASSUMES NO LIABRITY TO THE UNDERSIGNED OR ANY 
OTHER PERSON ARISING OUT OF OR ROARK TO THIS APPLICATION OR THE SALE CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 
APPLICANT'S SIONATL/RE: 
DATE STCHED 
CO•APPUCAAO'S SKAIMAIE 
DATE SICRED- 
EFTA00729702
--- PAGE 12 ---
FINANCIAL STATEMENT 
Name: 
Address: 
Assets: 
Total of cash in banks, CMA's, CD's, etc. (sec Schedule A) 
Securities (see Schedule B) 
Real Estate (see Schedule C) 
Pension Funds (see Schedule D) 
Life Insurance: Cash Surrender Value (see Schedule E) 
Escrow deposit on apartment 
Other Assets (see Schedule F) 
TOTAL ASSETS 
Mortgages payable (see Schedule C) 
Other Liabilities (sec Schedule G) 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
NET WORTH (excess of assets over liabilities)  
Income: 
Salary (or earned Income) 
$ 
Dividends & Interest 
Other (see Schedule H) 
TOTAL INCOME 
SIGNATURE: 
 DATE: 
SIGNATURE. 
 DATE: 
EFTA00729703
--- PAGE 13 ---
FINANCIAL STATEMENT: Supplementary Schedule 
A. 
Cash, Bonk, Money Fund, CD, CMA, or other 
Name, Address 
Type of Account 
Cash Balance 
B. 
Securities 
Description of security 
No. of shares 
Market Value 
C. 
Real Estate 
Location of Property 
Market Value 
Mortgage Balance 
D. 
Pension Funds 
Description
Amount 
Page 2 
EFTA00729704
--- PAGE 14 ---
FINANCIAL STATEMENT: Supplementary Schedule 
e. 
Life Insurance 
Beneficiary insurance Co. 
Cash Surrender Value 
T. 
Other Assets 
Description
Amount 
a 
Other Liabilities 
Description
Amount 
H. 
Other lucerne 
Source of Income 
Amount 
Page 3 
EFTA00729705
--- PAGE 15 ---
SUPPLEMENTAL RIDER ANNEXED TO AND FORMING A PART OF CONTRACT OF 
SALE DATED 
, 200 
BETWEEN 
("SELLER") 
AND 
("PURCHASER") FOR COOPERATIVE UNIT 
LOCATED AT 150 EAST 69Th STREET, NEW YORK. NEW YORK 
Paragraph 2.1 of the Contract of Sale is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 
"2.1 Seller agrees to sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser agrees to purchase from 
Seller, the Setter's Shares, Lease, Personalty, Included Interests, Seller's 
Interest's in 69th Leasing LLC ("the LLC"), and all other items included in this 
sale, for the Purchase. Price and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Contract" 
Paragraph 10.1 of the Contract is hereby supplemented so that at Closing: (1) Seller shall 
assign to Purchaser all of Seller's interests in the LW (if applicable, by delivery of a 
certificate duly endorsed); and (2) Purchaser shalt execute and deliver to Seller and the 
LLC an agreement assuming Seller's interests in the LLC in the form required by the 
LLC. Supplementing the foregoing, Seller and Purchaser shall cooperate with each other 
and with the LLC and at the Closing shall execute such other documents as shall be 
reasonably necessary to assign Seller's interests in the LLC to Purchaser. 
IN WITNESS WHEROF: 
PURCHASER: 
SELLER: 
4101 
EFTA00729706
--- PAGE 16 ---
Disclosure Format for Target Housing Sales 
Disolosuro or information on Leaa-eased Paint and Leael-Dased Paint Hazards 
Lead Warning Statement 
Every purchaser of any Interest In residential real properly on which a residential dwelling was built prior to 1878 E 
notified that ouch property may present exposure to lead from lead-based paint that may place young children at risk al
developing lead poisoning, lead poisoning In young children may produce permanent neurological damage, inciudina
learning disabilaieS, reduced Intelligence quotient, behavioral problems. and impaired rnamory. Land poisoning else 
poses a.partloviar risk to pregnant women. Inc seller of any interest in residential real property iS required to provide the 
buyer with any Information on lead•based paint hazards from risk assessments Or inspections In the seller's possess:4a
and notify the buyer of any known lead based paint hazards. A risk assessment or iflOpeCtIOO for possible lea ct.based 
point hazards is recommended prior to purchase. 
Seller's Disclosure (Initial; 
 (a) 
Presence of lead-based paint and/or load-based paint hazards (check one below): 
( ) 
Known load-based paint and/or lead-based paint hazards PM present In the housing (explain), 
) 
Seller has no knowledge of lead based paint and/or lead-based paint hazards In the housing. 
(b) 
Records and reports available to the seller (check one below): 
( I 
Seller has provided the purchaser with all avellable records and reports pat./lining to lead-based paint 
and/or lead-based paint hazards In the housing (list doeumonta below), 
j 
Seller has no reports or records pertaining to lead-based paint end/or lead-based paint hazards In the 
housing. 
Purchases Acknowledgement (Initial) 
- 
(c) 
Purchaser has received copies of ad intorination fisted above. 
 (d) 
Purchaser has received the pamphlet 'Protect Your Family from Lead in Your Homes. 
 (e) 
Purchaser has (check one below): 
) 
) 
Received a 10-day opportunity (or mutually agreed upon period) to conduct a risk assessment or-
inspection for the prosance of load-based paint and/or lead-baSect paint hazards; or 
Waived the opportunity to conduct▪ a risk assessment or Inspection for the presence of lead-based paint 
and/or lead-based paint hazards. 
. Agent's Acknowledgment (initial) 
- 
(0 
Agent has informed the seller of the seller's obligations under 42 U.S.C. 4582(d) and is swam of his/her 
responsibility to ensure compliance 
Certification of Accuracy 
The following parties have reviewed the information above and certify, to the best of their knowledge, that the 
information provided by the signatory is true and accurate. 
Seller 
Date 
Seller 
Date 
Agent 
Date 
Agent 
Date 
Purchaser 
Dale 
Purchaser 
Date 
EFTA00729707
--- PAGE 17 ---
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
69TH TENANTS COR 
Re: Move-in Alteration Deposit 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
. 
I (We) the undersigned hereby agree to a deposit of $10,000 made 
payable to 69th Tenants Corp. The monies will be maintened in an 
interest bearing account. This move-in/alteration fee is to cover any 
damage co the public hallway and service area of Imperial House, 150 
East 69th Street, New York, HY 10021 airing the period of move-in-nth,
or alteration to the above referenced apartment. 
The deputit will be refunded after management inspects the public 
hallway and service area and finds them in the same satisfactory condition 
they were in prior to the move-in.AndlorJelteration of the elnete-refereneee 
apartment. In the event I (we) need to restore the condition of the hallway 
or service area, I hereby aseipn this deposit to the Corporation ta-oever 
costs for this repair and to return the unused portion of, this deposit. 
AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED 
By: 
/••••••• 
EFTA00729708
--- PAGE 18 ---
The undersigned acknowledges that the rights and obligations of the undersigned with 
respect to the ownership of shares of 
and the proprietary lease to the 
undersigned's apartment in 
are governed by and subject to the terms of 
such lease,thc house milts attached thereto, the certificate of incorporation awl by-laws of 
and such policies and procedures as may from time to time be adopted 
by the Board of Directors, whether or not specifically incorporated in any of the foregoing 
documents, including, without intending to limit the generality of the foregoing: 
1. 
No alterations without consent of lessor; 
2. 
Lessor has right of entry to inspect apartment or to effect repairs; 
3. 
Lessor to have copies of necessary keys for entry to apartment and lessee may 
not change locks without consent of lessor; 
4. 
No structure or flower boxes way be placed on any terrace or balcony without 
consent of lessor; 
5. 
Decorating of public halls above the ground floor to be subject to consent of lessor 
but at expense of lessees of abutting apartments except for a limited contribution 
by the lessor. 
6. 
One million dollars of insurance must be purchased by lessee naming 69th 
Tenants Corp. and Charles H. Grecnthal & Co. as additional insureds, upon 
closing. 
EFTA00729709
--- PAGE 19 ---
KCAL USTATE 
APARTMENT ALTERATIONS 
GENERAL POLIcrrS or COOPERATIVES AND CONDOMINIUMS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF 
CHARLES H. GREENTHAL MANAGEMENT CORP. 
In Cooperatives, the Prop ictary Lease of the Corporation with its Stockholders, and in Condominiums, the By-
Laws, provide that alterations and improvements in apartments must first be approved by the Cooperative 
Corporation or the Condominium Association, In most cages, the Board P. f Directors or Managers, respectively, 
approve after certain requirements have been met. In some instances, the Managing Agent has been authorized to 
approve alterations and improvements. 
So that you may act accordingly, the following guidelines arc set forth: 
I. 
Architectural plans prepared by a registered architect, not designer or decorator plans. together with 
detailed specifications, must first be submitted to the Managing Agent regardless of whether it is a large or 
small alteration Alterations to facades or window changes are nut permitted. 
2. 
Plans are then referred, at the apartment owner's expense, roan architect or engineer selected by the 
Corporation or Condominium for review to make certain that they comply with the requirements of all 
governmental and other authorities having jurisdiction. 
3. 
After the architectural or engineering review, the proposed alteration plans will be submitted to the Board 
for their consent. In some buildings, the apartment owner must then execute and deliver a form of 
Alteration Agreement to the Managing Agent. 
4. 
Before any work can commence, the apartment owner must notify the owners of apartments adjacent to, 
above and below, of the alterations duration and that they will be indemnified for any damage whatsoever, 
copies of which are to be delivered to the Managing Agent. In addition, governmental approvals, 
including but not limited to the Department of Buildings and the Landmarks Commission, work schedules 
and names of all contractors and trades, together with certificates of insurance from each of them must be 
submitted to the Managing Agent. Insurance certificates must name the apartment nwner, the Cooperative 
or Condominium entity, and the Managing Agents as additional insureds. 
5. 
It may be necessary to deliver a hnnd to indemnify the Corporation or the Condominium Association; to 
complete the alteration within a certain time limit; in some buildings, demolition work must be performed 
during morning hours only, or on designated w 
• 
ys only; electric or air 
ners and chisels are 
prohibited; no work can commence before 9:00 
. or continue after 4:00 
., nor can work be 
performed on Saturdays, Sundays or holidays; debris must be removed from all quarters and public 
hallways on a daily basis; an engineer may be retained at the apartment owner's expense to inspect the 
alteration work from time to time until its completion: a uniformed guard may be required; and if 
there is ally interruption in the normal day-to-day operation of the building, or if the House Rules are 
violated, the work may be halted tampornrily until the mitt actors comply, 
If Ar apartment owner is considering any type of alteration, it is recommended that the Account Executivebe 
consulted as each building has different policies and some of these policies may be more or less restrictive than the 
foregoing. In some buildings no major alterations arc permitted. 
ref altclose.plp 
EFTA00729710
--- PAGE 20 ---
APPENDIX B 
Notice to Tenant or Occupant 
You are required by law to have window guards installed in your 
windows* if a child 10 years of age'or younger lives in the apartment. 
Your landlord is required by law to install window guards in your 
apartment if a child 10 years of age or younger lives in the apartment, 
OR 
if you ask him to install window guards at any time (you need not give a 
reason). 
I is a-violation of law to refuse. interfere with installation, or remove window guards where required. or to fail to 
complete and return this form to your landlord. If this form is not returned promptly, an inspection by the landlord 
will follow. 
CHECK WHICHEVER APPLY: 
CHILDREN ICI YEARS OF AGE OR 
YOUNGER LIVE IN MY APARTMENT 
NO CHILDREN 10 YEARS OF AGE OR 
O 
YOUNGER LIVE IN MY APARTMENT 
I WANT WINDOW GUARDS EVEN 
THOUGH I HAVE NO CHILDREN 10 
YEARS OF AGE OR YOUNGER 
Tenant's None. 
Tenant's Name: 
WINDOW GUARDS ARE INSTALLED 
IN ALL WINDOWS* 
WINDOW GUARDS ARE NOT 
L--I INSTALLED IN ALL WINDOWS* 
ri
 WINDOW GUARDS NEED 
I 
MAINTENANCE OR REPAIR 
WINDOW GUARDS DO NOT NEED 
MAINTENANCE OR REPAIR 
ratrasof.,44 
Date 
TEL/ 
RETURN THIS FORM TO: 
CHARLES H. GREENTHAL MGMT. 
PARK AVE, 3RD a 
NEW YORK, NY 10016 
ATTN: MARTHA MUCCIO 
For Further Information Call: 
Window Falls Prevention (211)676-2158 
wEatzst w;;Kkays tiring access to Inc escapes or a iviolgw op the 
first fir= that is a required means of egresr from the dwelling unit. 
m•-,••• tn... • • 
P•••••• Den..e.us 
EFTA00729711
--- PAGE 21 ---
le 
CVI 
CREDIT VIEW INC. 
P.O. BOX 308 
POUND RIDGE, NY 10576 
TELEPHONE
FAX (914) 764-1701 
I hereby authorize Credit View Inc., Incorporated to conduct inquires concerning 
my credit history with any of the credit bureaus used by the above named 
organization for the purpose of verifying information on me for my Rental/Coop or 
Mortgage application. 
Social Security # 
Authorized Signature 
Social Security # 
Authorized Signature 
EFTA00729712

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729713.pdf
----------------------------------------
Harry Beller 
From: 
Harry Beller 
Sent: 
ii:54 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
FW: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sheryl 
I have now waited 3 days for Mr. Lefcourt to call me as promised. 
This will confirm our conversation in which I have requested the return of $800,000 that was improperly billed to us over 
many months with more than a dozen inaccurate statements. 
Please wire $800,000 immediatley to: 
JP Morgan Chase Bank 
New York, NY 
ABA#: 
For credit to account a 
Account Name: Jeffrey Epstein 
We have not reviewed your hourly billings and only reviewed expenses. With millions of dollars being spent it's 
disturbing to see over 167 entries of charges for expenses from a range of $2 to $20. 
I believe that any moneys believed still owed to you, taking into consideration the multiplicity of errors we have found 
after our expense review, should be first verified and then discussed with Jeffrey. I see this as two separate issues. 
Thank you for your prompt attention for this matter. 
Harry 
EFTA00729713

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729714.pdf
----------------------------------------
J.P. Morgan 
GRID TIME PROMISSORY NOTE 
(LIBOR/PRI M E/MONEY MARKET) 
S50,000,000.00 
Dated as of November 10, 2010 
For value received, Financial Trust Company, Inc. (the "Borrower") hereby promises to pay to 
the order of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the "Bank") at its office at 270 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017-
2070 for the account of the lending office of the Bank, the principal amount of each loan made by the Bank to the 
Borrower or, if less, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all loans made to the Borrower by the Bank and 
outstanding under this Note (the "Loans"), up to an aggregate principal amount of Fifty Million 
Dollars ($50,000,000.00) on the Maturity Date (as defined below) of each such Loan. 
The Borrower promises to pay interest on each Interest Payment Date on the unpaid balance of the 
principal amount of each such Loan from and including the date of such Loan to such Maturity Date at either (i) a 
floating rate per annum equal to the Prime Rate (such Loan a "Prime Loan"), (ii) a fixed rate per annum equal to the 
Adjusted Libor Rate applicable to such Loan plus 1.00% (such Loan a "Libor Loan"), or (iii) a fixed rate per annum 
equal to the Money Market Rate applicable to such Loan (such Loan a "Money Market Loan"). After the occurrence of 
an Event of Default, principal shall bear interest from and including the date of such Event of Default until paid in full at 
a rate per annum equal to the Default Rate, such interest to be payable on demand. Interest shall be payable on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days 
elapsed. 
All payments hereunder shall be made in lawful money of the United States and in immediately 
available funds. Any extension of time for the payment of the principal of this Note resulting from the due date falling 
on a non-Banking Day shall be included in the computation of interest. The date, amount, type and Maturity Date of, 
and the interest rate with respect to, each Loan evidenced hereby and all payments of principal thereof shall be recorded 
by the Bank on its books and, at the discretion of the Bank prior to any transfer of this Note at any other time, may be 
endorsed by the Bank on a schedule. Any such endorsement shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Bank may 
(but shall not be obligated to) debit the amount of any payment under this Note that is not made when due to any deposit 
account of the Borrower with the Bank. The Borrower waives presentment, notice of dishonor, protest and any other 
notice or formality with respect to this Note. 
This Note does not create, and shall not be construed to create, any contractual or other commitment 
to lend by the Bank. Each Loan matures on its Maturity Date and the Bank has no commitment to renew any such Loan. 
This Note is executed and delivered to the Bank to evidence any Loans that the Bank may extend to the Borrower in the 
Bank's sole discretion. 
I. 
Definitions. The terms listed below shall be defined as follows: 
"Adjusted Libor Rate" shall mean the Libor Rate for such Loan divided by one minus the Reserve 
Requirement. 
"Banking Day" shall mean any day on which commercial banks are not authorized or required to 
close in New York City and whenever such day relates to a Libor Loan or notice with respect to any Libor Loan, a day 
on which dealings in U.S. dollar deposits arc also carried out in the London interbank market. 
"Default Rate" means a rate per annum equal to: (a) if a Prime Loan, a floating rate of 2% above the 
rate of interest thereon (including any margin); (b) if a Fixed Rate Loan, a fixed rate of 2% above the rate of interest in 
435429:O 
UCN: 802038885000 FAC ID: 198459885 
EFTA00729714
--- PAGE 2 ---
effect thereon (including any margin) at the time of default until the Maturity Date thereof and, thereafter, a floating rate 
of 2% above the rate of interest for a Prime Loan (including any margin). 
"Event of Default" means an event described in Section 7. 
"Facility Documents" shall mean this Note, any line of credit offer letter and any other documents, 
instruments, or agreements delivered as security or collateral for, or a guaranty of, the Loans, or in connection with, or as 
support for, any of the foregoing, whether by the Borrower or a Third Party, and any updates or renewals thereof. 
"Fixed Rate Loan" shall mean either a Libor Loan or a Money Market Loan. 
"interest Payment Date" shall mean (i) the last Banking Day of each calendar month (ii) the Maturity 
Date with respect to Fixed Rate Loans (and for any Fixed Rate Loan with a Maturity Date later than three months after 
the date such Fixed Rate Loan is made, every three months); and (iii) on any payment of principal. 
"Libor Rate" shall mean the rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/16 of 
1%) quoted by the Bank at approximately 1 I :00 a.m. London time (or as soon thereafter as practicable) two Banking 
Days prior to the first day of such Loan for the offering by the Bank to leading banks in the London interbank market of 
U.S. dollar deposits having a term comparable to such Loan and in an amount comparable to the principal amount of 
such Loan. 
"Main Office" shall mean the main office of the Bank, currently located at 1111 Polaris Parkway, 
Columbus, Ohio 43240. 
"Maturity Date" shall mean (i) with 
to a Prime Loan, the period comntencin on the date such 
Prime Loan is made and ending on the date recorded by 
is not a B 
on the immediate su 
rig Day. (ii) with respect to a Libor Loan, the last day of the period commencing on 
the date such Libor Loan is made and ending on the numerically corresponding day One, nvo or Three calendar months 
thereafter, as recorded by the Bank on its books, or if such day is not a Banking Day, then on the immediately 
succeeding Banking Day, and (iii) with respect to a Money Market Loan, the last day of the period commencing on the 
date such Money Market Loan is made and ending on the last day of the period for which such loan is offered, as 
recorded by the Bank on its books, or if such day is not a Banking Day, then on the immediately succeeding Banking 
Day; provided that if such Banking Day would fall in the next calendar month, such Maturity Date shall end on the 
immediately preceding Banking Day, and provided, further, that each such period which commences on the last Banking 
Day of a calendar month (or on any day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the appropriate 
subsequent calendar month) shall end on the last Banking Day of the appropriate calendar month. If the Bank shall not 
have received notice to the contrary from the Borrower at least three Banking Days prior to the Maturity Date of a Libor 
Loan, or one Banking Day prior to the Maturity Date of a Prime Loan, the Bank may renew such Libor Loan as a Libor 
Loan and such Prime Loan as a Prime Loan for a period with a duration equal to that then ending, provided that no such 
renewal shall be made if the number of months in the renewal period is greater than three. If the Bank shall not have 
received notice to the contrary from the Borrower at least one (I) Banking Day prior to the Maturity Date of a Money 
Market Loan, the Bank may renew such Loan as a Prime Rate Loan. 
"Money Market Rate" means if offered, a rate of interest per year as offered by the Bank from time to 
time on any single borrowing during the period offered on such Loan. The Money Market Rate of interest available for 
any subsequent borrowings may differ since Money Market Rates may fluctuate on a daily basis. 
"Prime Rate" shall mean the rate of interest per annum announced from time to time by the Bank as 
its prime rate. Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date the change is announced as 
being effective. The Prime Rate is a reference rate and may not be the Bank's lowest rate. 
"Regulation D" shall mean Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
"Regulatory Change" shall mean any change after the date of this Note in United States federal, state 
or municipal laws or any foreign laws or regulations (including Regulation D) or the adoption or making after such date 
ts 
'War" 
435429:0 
UCN: 802038885000 FAC ID: 198459885 
EFTA00729715
--- PAGE 3 ---
of any interpretations, directives or requests applying to a class of banks, including the Bank, of or under any United 
States federal, state or municipal laws or any foreign laws or regulations (whether or not having the force of law) by any 
court or governmental or monetary authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof. 
"Reserve Requirement" shall mean, for any Libor Loan, the average maximum rate at which reserves 
(including any marginal, supplemental or emergency reserves) are required to be maintained during the term of such 
Loan under Regulation D by member banks of the Federal Reserve System in New York City with deposits exceeding 
one billion U.S. dollars, or as otherwise established by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and any 
other banking authority to which the Bank is subject, against "Eurocurrency liabilities' (as such tam is used in 
Regulation D). Without limiting the effect of the foregoing, the Reserve Requirement shall reflect any other reserves 
required to be maintained by such member banks by reason of any Regulatory Change against (x) any category of 
liabilities which includes deposits by reference to which the Libor Rate is to be determined or (y) any category of 
extensions of credit or other assets which include Libor Loans. 
The Reserve Requirement shall be adjusted 
automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
"Third Party" shall mean any party liable with respect to, or otherwise granting support for, this Note, 
whether by guaranty, subordination, grant of security or otherwise. 
2. Borrowings and Prepayments. The Borrower shall give the Bank irrevocable notice of each 
borrowing request by 12:00 noon New York City time three (3) Banking Days prior to each requested borrowing of a 
Libor Loan and by 12:00 noon New York City time on the date of each requested borrowing of a Prime Loan or a 
Money Market Loan; provided that no Libor Loan shall be in an amount equal to less than 5500,000; and provided, 
further, that no Prime Loan shall be in an amount equal to less than $30,000. The Borrower shall have the right to make 
prepayments of principal at any time or from time to time; provided that: (a) the Borrower shall give the Bank 
irrevocable notice of each prepayment by 12:00 noon New York City time three (3) Banking Days prior to prepayment 
of a Libor Loan, one (1) Banking Day prior to prepayment of a Money Market Loan, and by 12:00 noon New York City 
time on the date of prepayment of a Prime Loan; (b) Fixed Rate Loans may be prepaid prior to their Maturity Date only 
if accompanied by payment of the additional compensation calculated in accordance with Section 5 below; (c) all 
prepayments of Fixed Rate Loans shall be in a minimum amount equal to the lesser of S100,000 or the unpaid principal 
amount of this Note; and (d) all prepayments of Prime Rate Loans shall be in a minimum amount equal to the lesser of 
530,000 or the unpaid principal amount of this Note. 
3. 
Additional Costs. (a) If as a result of any Regulatory Change  which (i) changes the basis of 
taxation of any amounts payable to the Bank under this Note (other than taxes imposed on the overall net income of the 
Bank or the lending office by the jurisdictions in which the Main Office of the Bank or the lending office are located) or 
(ii) imposes or modifies any reserve, special deposit, deposit insurance or assessments, minimum capital, capital ratios 
or similar requirements relating to any extension of credit or other assets of, or any deposits with or other liabilities of 
the Bank, or (iii) imposes any other condition affecting this Note the Bank determine) (which determination shall be 
conclusive absent manifest error) that the cost to it of rnalcing_or maintaining a Libor Loan is increased or any amount 
received or receivable by the Bank under this Note is reduced, then the Borrower will pay to the3ankon demand an 
additional amount that the Bank determines will compensate it for the increased cost or Suction in 
ut limiting 
eect o 
Oregon provisions of this Section 3 (but without 
duplication), the Borrower shall pay to the Bank from time to time on request such amounts as the Bank may determine 
to be necessary to compensate the flank for any costs which it determines arc amrribmahle m the maintenance by it or env 
of its affiliates pursuant to 
 law or regulation of any jurisdiction or any interpretation, directive or request (whether or 
not having the force of law and whe 
me ect on e ate of this Note or thereafter) of any court or governmental or 
Fionetmv authority of canna, nueseect of the Loans hereunder (such compensation to include, without limitation, an 
amount equal to any reduction in return on assets or equity of the Bank to a level below that which it could have 
achieved but for such law, regulation, interpretation, directive or request). 
4. 
Unavailability, Inadequacy or Illegality of Libor Rate. Anything herein to the contrary 
notwithstanding, if the Bank determines (which determination shall be conclusive) that: 
(a) 
quotations of interest rates for the relevant deposits referred to in the definition of Libor Rate 
are not being provided in the relevant amounts or for the relevant maturities for purposes of determining the rate of 
interest for a Libor Loan; or 
435429:v1 UCN: 802038885000 MC ID: 198459885 
EFTA00729716
--- PAGE 4 ---
(b) 
the definition of Libor Rate does not adequately cover the cost to the Bank of making or 
maintaining a Libor Loan; or 
(c) 
as a result of any Regulatory Change (or any change in the interpretation thereof) adopted 
after the date hereof, the Main Office of the Bank or the lending office is subject to any taxes, reserves, limitations, or 
-- 
other-charges, requirements-or-restrictions-on any-claims-of-mch-office -on non-United States -residents- (theluding,_ 
without limitation, claims on non-United States offices or affiliates of the Bank) or in respect of the excess above a 
specified level of such claims; or 
(d) 
it is unlawful for the Bank or the lending office to maintain any Libor Loan at the Libor Rate; 
THEN, the Bank shall give the Borrower prompt notice thereof, and so long as such condition remains in effect, any 
existing Libor Loan shall bear interest as a Prime Loan and the Bank shall make no Libor Loans. 
5. 
Certain Compensation. If for any reason there is a principal payment of a Fixed Rate Loan 
on a date other than its Maturity Date (whether by prepayment, acceleration or otherwise), the Borrower will pay to the 
Hank suciamount or amounts as shall be sufficient (in the reasonable opinion of the Bank) to compensate the Bank for 
any loss, cost or expense which file Bank determines is attributable to such payment. 
6. 
Representations. The Borrower represents and warrants that: 
P ."1.1"E 
etcalleralh 
sFs 
no ‘.rsouls
Sp a A.O11
(a) the Facility Documents constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower, 
enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement hereof and thereof may be 
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and 
subject to the applicability of general principles of equity; 
(b) 
the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of the Facility Documents and all 
other documents contemplated hereby or thereby, and the use of the proceeds of any of the Loans, do not and will not (i) 
conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default under, or require any consent under, or result in the creation of any lien, 
charge or encumbrance upon the property or assets of the Borrower pursuant to any other agreement or instrument (other 
than any pledge of or security interest granted in any collateral pursuant to any Facility Document) to which the 
Borrower is a party or is bound or by which its properties may be bound or affected; or (ii) violate any provision of any 
law, rule, regulation (including, without limitation, Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board), order, writ, judgment, 
injunction, decree, determination or award presently in effect having applicability to the Borrower, 
(c) 
no consent, approval or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any 
governmental authority or other person or entity is required as a condition to or in connection with the due and valid 
execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of any Facility Document; 
(d) 
them are no  actions, suits. inxestigalirms or proceedings pending or, to the best of the C1X2 
LP 24-
Borrower's knowledge, direateriera
d at 
w, m equity, in arbitration or by or before_any other authority involving or 
'—
affecting: (i) the Borrower that, if adversely detcrmi  
ve a material adverse effect on the prospects or  we „AA. 
of tln 
sets or propuuieslf the B' orrower or any part of the collateral 
isietto.kil 
anY) under apv Facility Document; or (iii) any of the transactions contemplated in the act ity 
ts. There are 
currently no material judgments entered against the Borrower and the Borrower is not in default with respect to any 
judgment, writ, injunction, order, decree or consent of any court or other judicial authority, which default is likely to 
have or has had a material adverse effect on the prospects or condition of the Borrower; 
(e) 
in the event that the Borrower is a partnership, limited liability partnership, corporation or 
limited liability company, the Borrower also represents and warrants that it is duly organized, validly existing and in 
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, and has all requisite power and 
authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Facility Documents; and 
(f) 
in the event that the Borrower is a trust. the Borrower also represents and warrants that (i) it is 
a duly constituted and validly existing trust, (ii) the Borrower has delivered to the Bank a hue, complete and accurate 
copy of the agreement pursuant to which it has been organized and all amendments and modifications thereto, and (iii) 
the trustees of the Borrower signing this Note have the legal capacity and full power and authority to execute, deliver, 
and perform their obligations under, and to bind the Borrower to perform its obligations under, the Facility Documents, 
and to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments in connection therewith. 
Each borrowing request by the Borrower under this Note shall constitute a representation and warranty that the 
statements above are true and correct both on the date of such request and on the date of the borrowing. Each borrowing 
435429:v1 UCN: 802038885000 FAC ID: 198459885 
EFTA00729717
--- PAGE 5 ---
request shall also constitute a representation that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result 
from such borrowing. 
7. 
Events of Default. If any4ne or more of the following events shall occur ( 
et.) - 
— 
h an "Event of 
-et-set:x-4 
a
--
(a) 
the Borrower shall fail to pay the principal of, or interest on, this Note, or any other amount 
payable under this Note, as and when due and payable; 
(b) 
any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower in this Note or by the 
Borrower or any Third Party in any Facility Document to which it is a party, or in any certificate, document, opinion or 
financial or other statement furnished under or in connection with a Facility Document, shall prove to have been 
incorrect in any material respect when made; 
(c) 
the Borrower or any Third Party shall fail to perform or observe any tenn, covenant or 
agreement on its part to be performed or observed contained in (i) any Facility Document or (ii) any loan, credit 
agreement. extension of credit, lease or derivative agreement to which the Bank or any subsidiary or affiliate is a party; 
due whether b
 money) er any interest or ortminn, Llhaenn  when  1 
(d) 
the Borrower or any Third Party shall fail to pay when due any of its indebtedness (including,
but not limited to, indebtedness for borrowed 
scheduled maturity, acceleration, demand or otherwise); 
(e) 
the Borrower or any Third Party. (i) shall generally not, or be unable to, or shall admit in 
writing its inability to, pay its debts as its debts become due; (ii) shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or 
petition or apply to any tribunal for the appointment of a custodian, receiver or =tee for its or a substantial part of its 
assets; (iii) shall commence any proceeding under any law relating to bankn'ptcy, reorganization, arrangement, 
readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation; (iv) shall have had any such petition filed, or any such proceeding shall 
have been commenced against it, in which an adjudication is made or order for relief is entered or which remains 
undismissed for a period of 30 days; (v) shall have had a receiver, custodian or trustee appointed for all or a substantial 
part of its property; or (vi) takes any action effectuating, approving or consenting to any of the events described in 
clauses (i) through (v); 
(t) 
the Borrower or any Third Party shall be determined or adjudged incompetent or otherwise 
or consolidate, or if there is a change in the direct or indirect beneficial ownership of the Borrower or any Third Party; 
incapacitated by a court of competent jurisdiction, die, dissolve or for any reason cease to be in existence or shall merl 
(g) 
the Borrower or any Third Party is involved in a proceeding which is likely to result in a 
forfeiture of all or a substantial part of the Borrower's or any Third Party's assets or a material judgment is entered 
against the Borrower or any Third Party; 
(h) 
there is, in the opinion of the Bank, a material adverse change in the business, prospects or 
financial condition of the Borrower or any Third Party; 
(i) 
any Facility Document granting a security interest at any time and for any reason shall cease to 
create a valid and perfected fast priority security interest in and to the property purported to be subject to the Facility 
Document or ceases to be in full force and effect or is declared null and void, or the validity or enforceability of any 
Facility Document is contested by any party to the Facility Document, or such signatory to the Facility Document denies 
it has any further liability or obligation under the Facility Document; 
THEN, the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower, declare the unpaid principal amount of this Note, accrued interest 
thereon and all other amounts payable under this Note due and payable whereupon the same shall become and be 
forthwith due and payable without presentment, demand, protest, notice of acceleration or intention to accelerate or 
further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower, provided that in the case of an 
Event of Default described in clause (e) above, the unpaid principal amount of this Note, accrued interest and other 
amounts payable under-this Note shill lie immediately due and payable, provided further—Olefin the case of an Event of 
Default described in clause (I) above due to the death of the Borrower [or any Third Party', (and provided that no 
other Event of Default has occurred), the Bank shall not accelerate the unpaid principal amount of this Note, accrued 
interest thereon and other amounts payable under this Note for a period of 60 days, but the Bank shall not make any 
additional loans during such 60-day period. 
8. 
Expenses. The Borro 
agrees to reimburse the Bank on demand for all reasonable costs, 
expenses and charges (including, without limitation fees and charges of counsel) in connection with the popmeme-
435429:vl 
UCN: 802038885000 FAC ID: 198459885 
EFTA00729718
--- PAGE 6 ---
AtieiSairamailigiagY 
enforcement of the Facility Documents, or the defense or 
prosecution of any rights of the Bank pursuant to any Facility Documents. 
9. 
Jurisdiction. To the maximum extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Borrower hereby 
irrevocably: - (i) submits to the- jurisdictMn.of-any-New -York-State-or United-States-federal-court-sitting-in-New Yorlt__ _ _ 
_-
City over any action or proceeding arising out of this Note; (ii) agrees that all claims in respect of such action or 
proceeding may be held and determined in such New York State or federal court; (iii) agrees that any action or 
proceeding brought against the Bank may be brought only in a New York State or United States federal court sitting 
in New York City; (iv) consents to the service of process in any such action or proceeding in either of said courts by 
mailing thereof by the Bank by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the Borrower at its address specified on 
the signature page hereof, or at the Borrower's most recent mailing address as set forth in the records of the Bank; and 
(v) waives any defense on the basis of an inconvenient forum. 
The Borrower agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and 
may be enforced in any other jurisdiction by suit or proceeding in such state and hereby waives any defense on the basis 
of an inconvenient forum. Nothing herein shall affect the right of the Bank to serve legal process in any other manner 
permitted by law or affect the right of the Bank to bring any action or proceeding against the Borrower or its property in 
the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
10. 
Waiver of Jury TriaL 
THE BORROWER AND THE BANK EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO JURY TRIAL 
11. 
Miscellaneous. (a) The provisions of this Note are intended to be severable. If for any 
reason any provisions of this Note shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such 
provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any 
manner affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions thereof in any 
jurisdiction. 
(b) 
No amendment, modification, supplement or waiver of any provision of this Note nor consent 
to departure by the Borrower therefrom shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Borrower 
and the Bank, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose 
for which given. 
(c) 
No failure on the part of the Bank to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder 
shall operate as a waiver thereof or preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The 
remedies heroin provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. 
(d) 
As used herein, the term Borrower shall include all signatories hereto, if more than one. In 
such event, the obligations, representations and warranties of the Borrower hereunder shall be joint and several. This 
Note shall be binding on the Borrower and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Bank and its 
successors and assigns, except that the Borrower may not delegate any of its obligations hereunder without the prior 
written consent of the Bank. 
(e) 
Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the obligations of the Borrower under this 
Note shall be subject to the limitation that payments of interest shall not be required to the extent that receipt thereof 
would be contrary to provisions of law applicable to the Bank limiting rates of interest which may be charged or 
collected by the Bank. 
(0 
Unless otherwise agreed in writing, notices shall be given to the Bank and the Borrower at 
their telecopier numbers (confirmed by telephone to their telephone numbers) or addresses set forth in the signature page 
of this Note, or such other telocopier (and telephone) number or address commtmicated in writing by either skhg2o 
the other. Notices to the Bank shall be effective upon receipt. 
This Wfltcs oat' t 
(g) 
The obligations of the Borrower under Scctio 
8, 9, and 10 hereof shall survive the 
repayment of thtloans. 
(h) 
Each reference herein to the Bank shall be deemed to include its successors, endorsees, and 
assigns, in whose favor the provisions hereof shall inure. Each reference herein to the Borrower shall be deemed to 
include the heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the Borrower, all of whom 
shall be bound by the provisions hereof. 
435429:v1 
UCN: 802008885000 FACIE): 198459885 
EFTA00729719
--- PAGE 7 ---
12. 
Governing Law. This Note shall be go%ti,  by and construed in accordance with the laws 
of the State of New York without regard to the conflict of laws principles, and with the laws of the United States of 
America as applicable. 
Address for notices to the Bank: 
IPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
270 Park Avenue 
New York, New York 10017-2070 
Attn: Shari James 
Tette° its: 212-464-2531 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
By: 
Jeffrey Epstein, President 
Address for notices: 
Ann: Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite B-3 
St. Thom 
U.S. \ 
Islands, 00802 
435429:v1 UCN. 802038885000 FAG ID: 198459885 
EFTA00729720

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729721.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00729721
--- PAGE 2 ---
kp-i-70-0 
9. 41
-act) afrapF1 
EFTA00729722

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729723.pdf
----------------------------------------
SCOUTING EXPENSES 
MC2 - SCOUTING EXPENSES 
2006-2008 
GL ACCOUNT TITLE 
GL ACCT # 
2006 
2007 
2008 
MIAMI 
TRAVEL & TRANSPORTATION 
6013 
20,000 
- 
TRAVEL & TRANSPORTATION - CAPUCINE 
6013-000CC 
16,715 
27,443 
16,669 
TRAVEL & TRANSPORTATION -JEAN LUC 
6013-00ILB 
5,450 
30,091 
TOTAL - MIAMI 
cif;; ;+=q
.
,4≤jI, .lin 
NEW YORK 
SCOUTING 
5005 
41,657 
56,143 
- 
81,562 
SCOUTING - JEAN LUC 
5005-00002 
- 
66,565 
SCOUTING - BRAZIL/LATVIA/GREGOR 
5005-000XX 
14,011 
- 
- 
TRAVEL & TRANSPORTATION - ANETTA 
6013-000AK 
3,523 
12,977 
4,248 
TRAVEL & TRANSPORTATION - JEAN LUC 
6013-00ILB 
68,716 
155,553 
135,766 
TOTAL - NEW YORK 
184,049 
168,530 
288,141 
'TOTAL ALL 
220,764 
201,423 
334,901 
EFTA00729723
--- PAGE 2 ---
TOTAL 
123,219 
122,708 
14,011 
20,748 
360,034 
640,721 
757,088  i 
EFTA00729724

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729725.pdf
----------------------------------------
June 1, 2009 
To Remit By Cheek: 
To Remit By Electronic Fund Transfer: 
Project No: 05.7112.001 
Invoice No: 216870 Revised 
Gensler Los Anodes 
File 57109 
ACCOUNT NAME: 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
M. Arthur Gensler, 3r. & Associates, 
Los Angeles, California 90074-7109 BANK INFORMATION: 
Bank Of America, 345 Montgomery Street 
Tel
San FranCiSCO, CA 94104 
Gensler Invoice 
Fax 310.449.5850 
ACM ROUTING A: 
FEDERAL WIRE ABA*. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
L.S1, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarters, Suite 8-3 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Epstein Interest Screening Room - Consultants 
Professional Services through May 30, 2009 
FEE 
Percent 
Previous Fee 
Current Fee 
Fee 
Complete 
Earned 
Billing 
Billing 
SD - Consultants - Pool Area 
68,375.00 
100.00 
68,375.00 
33,875.00 
34,500.00 
SD - Consultants - AN Garage 
1,000.00 
100.00 
1,000.00 
1,000.00 
SD - Consultants - Existing Main Res. 
5,000.00 
100.00 
5,000.00 
5,000.00 
Total Fee 
74,375.00 
74,375.00 
33,875.00 
40,500.00 
Total Fee 
40,500.00 
Total This Invoice 
$40,500.00 
EFTA00729725
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00729726

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729727.pdf
----------------------------------------
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
U.S. District Court 
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (Foley Square) 
CIVIL DOCKET FOR CASE #: 1:08-md-01963-RWS 
In Re: The Bear Steams Companies Inc. Securities, Derivative 
and Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) 
Litigation 
Assigned to: Judge Robert W. Sweet 
Member case: (View Member Case) 
Related Cases: 1:07-c v-10453-RWS 
1:08-c v-02793-RWS 
:08-c v-02804-RWS 
:08-c v-02866-RWS 
:08-c v-02870-RWS 
1:08-c v-03006-RWS 
1:08-c v-03441-RWS 
1:08-c v-03013-RWS 
:09-c v-08161-RW S 
1:08-c v-03035-RWS 
1:08-c v-03334-RWS 
1:08-cv-03326-RWS 
1:08-cv-07335-RWS 
1:08-c v-08194-RWS 
1:09-c v-01200-RWS 
Case in other court: MDL PANEL, MDL 1963 
Cause: 29:1145 E.R.I.S.A. 
Date Filed: 08/19/2008 
Jury Demand: None 
Nature of Suit: 791 Labor: E.R.I.S.A. 
Jurisdiction: Federal Question 
Date Filed 
# 
Docket Text 
08/19/2008 
CERTIFIED TRUE COPY OF MDL TRANSFER IN ORDER FROM THE MDL 
PANEL... that pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 1407, the actions listed on the attached 
schedule A and pending in the Eastern District of New York, and the same hereby 
are, transferred to the Southern District of New York, with the consent of that 
court, assigned to the Honorable Judge Robert W. Sweet, for coordinated or 
consolidated pretrial proceedings with the actions pending in that district and listed 
on Schedule A. (Signed by MDL Panel on 8/18/2008) (kkc) (Entered: 08/29/2008) 
08/19/2008 
Magistrate Judge James C. Francis is so designated. (kkc) (Entered: 08/29/2008) 
08/19/2008 
CASES ORIGINATING FROM THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK: 
1:07-cv-10453 (RWS), I:08-cv-2793 (RWS), 1:08-cv-2804 (RWS), 1:08-cv-2866 
(RWS), I:08-cv-2870 (RWS), 1:08-cv-3006 (RWS), I:08-cv-3013 (RWS), 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729727
--- PAGE 2 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecf.nysd.uscourts.gov/cgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
1:08-cv-3035 (RWS), I:08-cv-3089 (RWS), 1:08-cv-3326 (RWS), 1:08-cv-3334 
(RWS), I:08-cv-3351 (RWS), 1:08-cv-3441 (RWS), I:08-cv-3602 (RWS). (kkc) 
(Entered: 08/29/2008) 
09/23/2008 
al CERTIFIED TRUE COPY OF MDL ORDER FROM THE MDL PANEL 
LIFTING STAY OF CONDITIONAL TRANSFER ORDER... that the stay of the 
Panel's conditional transfer order designated as "CTO-I", filed on 8/25/08, is 
LIFTED and the action is transferred to the United States District Court - Southern 
District of New York for the coordinated or consolidated pretrial proceedings 
under 28 U.S.C. 1407 being conducted by the Honorable Robert W. Sweet. 
(Signed by MDL Panel on 9/23/08) (rjm) (Entered: 02/04/2009) 
10/28/2008 
ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE: The parties shall show cause, by written submission 
to this Court no later than 11/14/08, with any replies to be filed by 11/19/08, why 
the Securities Cases should not be consolidated with the ERISA Cases. Any parties 
wishing to be heard will be heard at 10 a.m. on Monday, 11/24/08, in Courtroom 
18C. (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 10/27/08) (tro) (Entered: 10/28/2008) 
11/12/2008 
BRIEF re: 2 Order to Show Cause, Set Deadlines/Hearings,,. Document filed by 
Drew V. Lounsbury.(Mills, Edwin) (Entered: 11/12/2008) 
11/14/2008 
BRIEF re: 2 Order to Show Cause, Set Deadlines/Hearings,,. Document filed by 
Estelle Weber, Anthony Pisano, Ira Gewitrz, Lawrence Fink.(Kelly, James) 
(Entered: 11/14/2008) 
11/14/2008 
DECLARATION of Lester L. Levy in Support re: 4 Brief. Document filed by 
Estelle Weber, Anthony Pisano, Ira Gewitrz, Lawrence Fink. (Attachments: # 1 
Exhibit A, # 2 Exhibit B, # 3 Exhibit C, # 4 Exhibit D, # 5 Exhibit E, # 6 Exhibit 
F)(Kelly, James) (Entered: 11/14/2008) 
11/14/2008 
RESPONSE TO ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE re: 2 Order to Show Cause, Set 
Deadlines/Hearings,,. Document filed by Gilles Bransbourg. (Attachments: # I 
Certificate of Service)(Nespole, Gregory) (Entered: 11/14/2008) 
11/14/2008 
FILING ERROR - DEFICIENT DOCKET ENTRY - (SEE DOCUMENT # 9) -
DECLARATION of Gregory M. Nespole re: 6 Response to Order to Show Cause. 
Document filed by Gilles Bransbourg. (Nespole, Gregory) Modified on 11/18/2008 
(gp). (Entered: 11/14/2008) 
11/14/2008 
a MEMORANDUM OF LAW re: 2 Order to Show Cause, Set Deadlines/Hearings,,. 
Document filed by Samuel T. Cohen, Jerome Bim. (Brower, David) (Entered: 
11/14/2008) 
11/14/2008 
DECLARATION of Gregory M. Nespole re: 6 Response to Order to Show Cause 
(CORRECTED VERSION). Document filed by Gilles Bransbourg. (Nespole, 
Gregory) (Entered: 11/14/2008) 
11/14/2008 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW IN RESPONSE TO ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE. 
Document filed by Shelden Greenberg, Aaron Howard. (Attachments: # 1 Exhibit 
1, # 2 Exhibit 2, # 3 Exhibit 3, # 4 Exhibit 4, # 5 Exhibit 5, # 6 Errata 6, # 7 
Exhibit 7, # a Exhibit 8, # 2 Exhibit 9, # IQ Exhibit 10, # li, Exhibit 11)Filed In 
Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, I:08-cv-0335 I -RWS, 1:08-cv-
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729728
--- PAGE 3 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
https://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
03602-RWS, 1:08-cv-08194-RWS(Preminger, David) (Entered: 11/14/2008) 
11/14/2008 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE. Document filed by Shelden Greenberg, Aaron 
Howard. (Preminger, David) (Entered: 11/14/2008) 
11/14/2008 
RESPONSE TO ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE re: (2 in 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 2 in 
1:08-md-01963-RWS) Order to Show Cause, Set Deadlines/Hearings„ (27 in 
1:08-cv-03602-RWS, 27 in 1:08-cv-03602-RWS) Order to Show Cause, Set 
Deadlines/Hearings„ (52 in 1:08-cv-03351-RWS, 52 in I:08-cv-03351-RWS) 
Order to Show Cause, Set Deadlines/Hearings„ (4 in I:08-cv-08194-RWS, 4 in 
1:08-cv-08194-RWS) Order to Show Cause, Set Deadlines/Hearings,,. Document 
filed by Bear Stearns Companies, Inc.. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-
01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-03351-RWS, 1:08-cv-03602-RWS, I:08-cv-08194-
RWS(Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 11/14/2008) 
11/19/2008 
REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: (5 in 1:08-cv-08194-RWS) 
Response to Order to Show Cause Reply Memorandum of Law in Support of the 
State of Michigan Retirement Systems' Response to October 27, 2008 Order to 
Show Cause. Document filed by The State of Michigan Retirement Systems. Filed 
In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-03351-RWS, 1:08-cv-
03602-RWS, 1:08-cv-08194-RWS(Block, Jeffrey) (Entered: 11/19/2008) 
11/19/2008 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE. Document filed by State of Michigan Retirement 
Systems. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-03351-RWS, 
1:08-cv-03602-RWS, 1:08-cv-08194-RWS(Block, Jeffrey) (Entered: 11/19/2008) 
11/19/2008 
REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW re: 12 Response to Order to Show Cause,,. 
Document filed by Estelle Weber. (Kelly, James) (Entered: 11/19/2008) 
11/19/2008 
DECLARATION of James Kelly-Kowlowitz in Support re: 15 Reply 
Memorandum of Law. Document filed by Estelle Weber. (Attachments: # 1 Exhibit 
A, # 2 Exhibit B, # a Exhibit C)(Kelly, James) (Entered: 11/19/2008) 
11/19/2008 
REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support of Response to October 27, 2008 
Order to Show Cause. Document filed by Gilles Bransbourg. (Nespole, Gregory) 
(Entered: 11/19/2008) 
11/19/2008 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE. Document filed by Gilles Bransbourg. (Nespole, 
Gregory) (Entered: 11/19/2008) 
11/19/2008 
REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW re: 6 Response to Order to Show Cause, 4 
Brief, 12 Response to Order to Show Cause„ 8 Memorandum of Law, 10 
Memorandum of Law, 3 Brief. Document filed by Greek Orthodox Archidocese 
Foundation. (Federman, William) (Entered: 11/19/2008) 
11/19/2008 
2Q REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW Defendants' Reply to Plaintiffs' Response to 
Order to Show Cause in Further Support of Consolidation. Document filed by 
Bear Stearns Companies, Inc.. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 
1:08-cv-03351-RWS, 1:08-cv-03602-RWS, I:08-cv-08194-RWS(Goldstein, Eric) 
(Entered: 11/19/2008) 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729729
--- PAGE 4 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
11/19/2008 
REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support to Defendants' Response to Order 
to Show Cause. Document filed by Shelden Greenberg, Aaron Howard. 
(Attachments: # 1 Exhibit A, # 2 Exhibit B, # 3 Exhibit C, # 4 Exhibit D, # 5 
Exhibit E, # 6 Exhibit F, # 7 Exhibit G, # 8 Exhibit H, # 9 Exhibit I, # 10 Exhibit 
J)Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-03351-RWS, I:08-cv-
03602-RWS, 1:08-cv-08194-RWS(Preminger, David) (Entered: 11/19/2008) 
11/24/2008 
ENDORSED LETTER addressed to Judge Robert W. Sweet from Eric S. 
Goldstein dated 11/20/08 re: Request to seek leave from the Court to file 
Defendants' Response to the Court's October 27, 2008 Order to Show Cause 
("Response"), dated November 14, 2008, on the following additional member 
cases in the above matter: 07-cv-10453, 08-cv-0855, 08-cv-2793, 08-cv-2804, 
08-cv-2866, 08-cv-2870, 08-cv-3006, 08-cv-3013, 08-cv-3035, 08-cv-3089, 
08-cv-3326, 08-cv-3334, 08-cv-3441, 08-cv-4972, O8-cv-5054, 08-cv-5170, 
08-cv-5489, 08-cv-6995, and 08-cv-7335. ENDORSEMENT: So Ordered. (Signed 
by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 11/21/08) (rjm) (Entered: 11/24/2008) 
12/30/2008 
NOTICE of Notice of Change of Firm Name and Office Address. Document filed 
by State of Michigan Retirement Systems. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-
01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-0335 I-RWS, 1:08-cv-03602-RWS, 1:08-cv-08194-
RWS(Block, Jeffrey) (Entered: 12/30/2008) 
01/05/2009 
OPINION #96921. The motions to consolidate the Securities Actions and the 
ERISA Actions are granted. The motions of SMRS and the Howard Plaintiffs to 
serve as lead plaintiffs are granted, and their selection of counsel is approved. The 
Derivative Plaintiffs motion to appoint co-lead counsel is granted. All other 
motions related to the consolidation of the above-captioned actions or the 
appointment of lead plaintiff and/or lead counsel are denied. Relates to 08md1963, 
07-10453, 08-0855, 08-2793, 08-2804, 08-2866, 08-2870, 08-3006, 08-3013, 
08-3035, 08-3089, 08-3326, 08-3334, 08-3351, 08-3441, 08-3602, 08-4972, 
08-5054, 08-5170, 08-5489, 08-6995, 08-7335, 08-8194. (Signed by Judge Robert 
W. Sweet on 12/29/08) (rjm) (Entered: 01/07/2009) 
01/06/2009 
ORDER REGARDING: (1) CONSOLIDATION OF SECURITIES ACTIONS, 
APPOINTMENT OF LEAD PLAINTIFF AND APPROVAL OF LEAD 
COUNSEL; (2) APPOINTMENT OF LEAD COUNSEL IN DERIVATIVE 
ACTION; (3) CONSOLIDATION OF ERISA ACTIONS, APPOINTMENT OF 
INTERIM LEAD PLAINTIFFS, INTERIM LEAD COUNSEL, AND INTERIM 
LIAISON COUNSEL; AND (4) SCHEDULING OF THE FILING OF 
CONSOLIDATED AMENDED COMPLAINTS IN EACH OF THE ACTIONS 
AND RESPONSES THERETO. ORDERED; SECURITIES ACTIONS; The 
Securities Actions are consolidated for all purposes pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. 
P.42(a) and Section 21D(a) (3) (B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 
"Exchange Act"), 15 U.S.C. § 78u-4 (a) (3) (B) (ii). They shall be referred to 
collectively as In re The Bear Stearns Cos., Inc. Securities Litigation, No. 08 Civ. 
2793 (RWS) (the Securities Action") ; Pursuant to Section 21D(a) (3) (B) of the 
Exchange Act, 15 U.S.C. § 78u-4 (a) (3) (B), the State of Michigan Retirement 
Systems(SMRS) is appointed Lead Plaintiff in the Securities Action for the 
proposed class of persons and entities who purchased or otherwise acquired Bear 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729730
--- PAGE 5 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
Steams securities; SMRS' choice of co-lead counsel is approved. Accordingly, the 
law firms of Labaton Sucharow LLP and Berman DeValerio Pease Tabacco Burt & 
Pucillo are appointed Co-Lead Counsel for the Securities Action; DERIVATIVE 
ACTION; The Court appoints Brower Piven, A Professional Corporation, and 
Robbins Umeda & Fink, LLP, as Co-Lead Counsel for the Derivative Action; 
ERISA ACTIONS; The ERISA Actions are consolidated for all purposes pursuant 
to Rule 42(a), Fed. R. Civ. P. They shall be referred to collectively as In re The 
Bear Steams Cos., Inc. ERISA Litigation, No. 08 Civ. 2804 (RWS) (the "ERISA 
Action"); Plaintiffs Aaron Howard and Shelden Greenberg are appointed Interim 
Co-Lead Plaintiffs. Pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 23 (g) (2) (A), the law firms of 
Keller Rohrback L.L.2. and Schiffrin Barroway Topaz & Kesser, LLP, are 
approved as Interim Co-Lead Counsel to act on behalf of the putative class 
("Interim Co-Lead Counsel), and Dealy & Silberstein, LLP, is appointed Interim 
Liaison Counsel of the ERISA Action; Further regarding the responsibilities and 
duties of counsel as set forth in this order; The docket in No. 08 MDL 1963 (RWS) 
shall constitute the Master Docket for the Securities Action, Derivative Action and 
ERISA Action; Every pleading filed in the Securities Action, Derivative Action 
and ERISA Action shall bear the following caption: IN RE BEAR STEARNS 
COMPANIES, INC. SECURITIES, DERIVATIVE, AND ERISA LITIGATION; A 
copy of this Order shall be placed in all dockets identified in pages 1-3 herein. The 
Clerk of this Court is directed to close each of those dockets, other than the dockets 
in the Securities Action, 08 Civ. 2793 (RWS), Derivative Action, 07 Civ. 10453 
(RWS) and ERISA Action, 08 Civ. 2804 (RWS); SCHEDULING FOR THE 
FILING OF SEPARATE CONSOLIDATED AMENDED COMPLAINTS AND 
RESPONSES TO THE SECURITIES, ERISA, AND DERIVATIVE ACTIONS 
and as further set forth in this order. ( Amended Pleadings due by 2/15/2009.) 
(Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 1/5/09) (rjm) Modified on 1/23/2009 (ae). 
(Entered: 01/23/2009) 
01/13/2009 
NOTICE of Change of Firm Name. Document filed by Aaron Howard. (Ciolko, 
Edward) (Entered: 01/13/2009) 
01/13/2009 
NOTICE of Change of Firm Name. Document filed by Aaron Howard. (Meltzer, 
Joseph) (Entered: 01/13/2009) 
01/20/2009 
MOTION for Reconsideration re; 24 Memorandum & Opinion„ filed January 5, 
2009., MOTION to Appoint Gilles Bransbourg to serve as lead plaintiff(s)for 
Bransbourg Class or Sub-class., MOTION to Appoint Counsel Wolf Haldenstein 
Adler Freeman & Herz LLP., MOTION to Stay. Document filed by Gilles 
Bransbourg. (Attachments: # 1 Certificate of Service)(Nespole, Gregory) (Entered: 
01/20/2009) 
01/20/2009 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: 27 MOTION for Reconsideration re; 
Memorandum & Opinion„fi/ed January 5, 2009. MOTION to Appoint Gilles 
Bransbourg to serve as lead plaintiff(s)for Bransbourg Class or Sub-class. 
MOTION to Appoint Counsel Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP. 
MOTION to Stay. MOTION for Reconsideration re; 24 Memorandum & Opinion„ 
filed January 5, 2009. MOTION to Appoint Gilles Bransbourg to serve as lead 
plaintiff(s)for Bransbourg Class or Sub-class.. Document filed by Gilles 
Sof 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729731
--- PAGE 6 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
https://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
Bransbourg. (Attachments: # 1 Exhibit A Part 1, # 2 Exhibit A Part 2)(Nespole, 
Gregory) (Entered: 01/20/2009) 
01/22/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Michael Joseph Chepiga on behalf of Samuel L. 
Molinaro, Jr Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-
03351-RWS, 1:08-cv-03602-RWS, 1:08-cv-08194-RWS(Chepiga, Michael) 
(Entered: 01/22/2009) 
01/22/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Janelle Louis Filson on behalf of Samuel L. 
Molinaro, Jr Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-
03351-RWS, 1:08-cv-03602-RWS, 1:08-cv-08194-RWS(Filson, Janelle) (Entered: 
01/22/2009) 
01/23/2009 
ORDER. Plaintiff Gilles Branbourg's motion for reconsideration will be heard on 
submission, without oral argument, on February 18, 2009. All motion papers shall 
be served in accordance with Local Civil Rule 6.1. Relates to 08md1963, 08-2793, 
08-2866, 08-3013, 08-4972, 08-5054, 08-6995, 08-7335, 08-8194. (Signed by 
Judge Robert W. Sweet on 1/22/09) (rjm) (Entered: 01/26/2009) 
01/26/2009 
n NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Jacob Daniel Press on behalf of Samuel L. 
Molinaro, Jr, Samuel L. Molinaro, JR Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-
01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-03351-RWS, 1:08-cv-03602-RWS, 1:08-cv-08194-
RWS(Press, Jacob) (Entered: 01/26/2009) 
02/03/2009 
RESPONSE in Opposition re: 27 MOTION for Reconsideration re; 24 
Memorandum & Opinion„fi/ed January 5, 2009. MOTION to Appoint Gilles 
Bransbourg to serve as lead plaintiff(s)for Bransbourg Class or Sub-class. 
MOTION to Appoint Counsel Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP. 
MOTION to Stay. MOTION for Reconsideration re; 24 Memorandum & Opinion„ 
filed January 5, 2009. MOTION to Appoint Gilles Bransbourg to serve as lead 
plaintiff(s)for Bransbourg Class or Sub-class.. Document filed by Bear Stearns 
Companies, Inc.. (Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 02/03/2009) 
02/06/2009 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Opposition re: 27 MOTION for Reconsideration 
re; 24 Memorandum & Opinion„ filed January 5, 2009. MOTION to Appoint 
Gilles Bransbourg to serve as lead plaintiff(s) for Bransbourg Class or Sub-class. 
MOTION to Appoint Counsel Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP. 
MOTION to Stay. MOTION for Reconsideration re; 24 Memorandum & Opinion„ 
filed January 5, 2009. MOTION to Appoint Gilles Bransbourg to serve as lead 
plaintiff(s)for Bransbourg Class or Sub-class.. Document filed by State of 
Michigan Retirement Systems. (Dubbs, Thomas) (Entered: 02/06/2009) 
02/10/2009 
r 
RESPONSE Defendants' Opposition to Zicherman's Motion For Reconsideration 
of the Court's January 5, 2009 Opinion and Order Consolidating the Securities 
Actions. Document filed by Bear Steams Companies, Inc.. (Goldstein, Eric) 
(Entered: 02/10/2009) 
02/10/2009 
CERTIFIED TRUE COPY OF CONDITIONAL MDL TRANSFER IN ORDER 
FROM THE MDL PANEL... that pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 1407, the actions listed on 
the attached schedule A and pending in the District of Central District of 
California, and the same hereby are, transferred to the Southern District of New 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729732
--- PAGE 7 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
York, with the consent of that court, assigned to the Honorable Judge Robert 
W.Sweet, for coordinated or consolidated pretrial proceedings with the actions 
pending in that district and listed on Schedule A. (Signed by MDL Panel on 
2/4/2009) (jmi) (Entered: 02/20/2009) 
02/11/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Javier Bleichmar on behalf of State of Michigan 
Retirement Systems (Bleichmar, Javier) (Entered: 02/11/2009) 
02/11/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Michael Walter Stocker on behalf of State of 
Michigan Retirement Systems (Stocker, Michael) (Entered: 02/11/2009) 
02/12/2009 
ENDORSED LETTER addressed to Judge Robert W. Sweet from Daniel W. 
Krasner dated 2/9/2009 re: We are counsel to Gilles Bransbourg ("Bransbourg"), 
one of the plaintiffs in the above referenced action. We write concerning the State 
of Michigan Retirement Systems' ("SMRS") filing of opposition papers to 
Bransbourg's motion for reconsideration of the Court's January 5, 2009 Order and 
Opinion (the "Motion"). Bransbourg filed the Motion in this case via ECF on 
January 20,2009 and, pursuant to this Court's January 23,2009 Order (Dkt. 32) (the 
"Order"), counsel for defendants timely filed responsive papers via ECF on 
February 3,2009. Bransbourg was prepared to file his reply in further support of 
the Motion on February 10,2009. On February 6,2009, however, counsel for 
SMRS filed opposition papers to the Motion. The untimely tiling by SMRS is 
apparently predicated the "three extra day rule" under Fed. R. Civ. P. 6(d). We have 
conferred with counsel for defendants who do not object to our filing of one set of 
our reply papers on February 13,2009, five business days after SMRS' filing on 
February 6, 2009. Accordingly, we respectfully request that the Court approve the 
foregoing agreement between counsel for defendants and Bransboug that be 
deemed timely if filed by February 13, 2009. ENDORSEMENT: SO ORDERED. ( 
Replies due by 2/13/2009.) (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 2/10/2009) (jmi) 
(Entered: 02/13/2009) 
02/13/2009 
REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: 27 MOTION for 
Reconsideration re; 24 Memorandum & Opinion„ filed January 5, 2009. MOTION 
to Appoint Gilles Bransbourg to serve as lead plaintiff(s)for Bransbourg Class or 
Sub-class. MOTION to Appoint Counsel Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz 
LLP. MOTION to Stay. MOTION for Reconsideration re; 24 Memorandum & 
Opinion„fi/ed January 5, 2009. MOTION to Appoint Gilles Bransbourg to serve 
as lead plaintiff(s)for Bransbourg Class or Sub-class.. Document filed by Gilles 
Bransbourg. (Attachments: # 1 Certificate of Service)(Brown, Malcolm) (Entered: 
02/13/2009) 
02/13/2009 
RESPONSE State of Michigan. Retirement Systems' Opposition to Joseph 
Zicherman's Motion for Reconsideration of the Courts January 5th, 2009 Opinion 
and Order Consolidating the Securities Action. Document filed by State of 
Michigan Retirement Systems. (Dubbs, Thomas) (Entered: 02/13/2009) 
02/18/2009 
STIPULATION AND SCHEDULING ORDER: (1) Within fourteen (14) days of 
the entry of this [Proposed] Order, Defendant The Bear Steams Companies, Inc. 
("Bear Stearns") shall undertake best efforts to locate and produce to Co-Lead 
Counsel, to the extent not already produced, all versions of the The Bear Stearns 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729733
--- PAGE 8 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
Companies Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan's (the "Plan") master documents 
as construed by ERISA § I04(b) operative during the Class Period as defined in the 
initial complaints on file in the Howard and Greenberg actions. In addition, Bear 
Stearns will provide Co-Lead Counsel with the names of the members of The Bear 
Steams Companies, Inc. Executive Committee and the Employee Stock Ownership 
Plan Committee (referred to on page 14 of the 2007 SummaryPlan Description and 
Exhibit B to the Bear Steams Companies Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Trust) 
during the Class Period, to the best of its current knowledge, information or belief. 
Defendant Bear Steams does not concede that any of the individuals whose names 
are provided are in fact fiduciaries of the Employee Stock Ownership Plan or were 
fiduciaries with respect to the claims alleged in the ERISA Action. (2) Plaintiffs 
shall file the Amended Consolidated Complaint within forty-five (45) days of the 
receipt of the above-mentioned documents. The Amended Consolidated Complaint 
shall be the operative complaint and shall supersede all complaints filed in any of 
the actions consolidated herein. Pending filing and service of the Amended 
Consolidated Complaint, defendants shall have no obligation to move, answer, or 
otherwise respond to any complaint in this action. (3) Defendants shall file and 
serve their Answer or responsive motion within sixty (60) days, or the next 
business day thereafter, following their receipt of service of the Amended 
Consolidated Complaint; (4) Plaintiffs shall file and serve any opposition to a 
responsive motion within forty-five(45) days, or the next business day thereafter, 
following their receipt of service of such motion; and (5) Defendants shall file and 
serve any reply brief to an opposition to a responsive motion within thirty (30) 
days, or the next business day thereafter, following service of the opposition. 
(Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 2/17/09) Filed In Associated Cases: 
1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-03351-RWS, 1:08-cv-03602-RWS, 1:08-cv-
08194-RWS, 1:09-cv-01200-RWS(db) (Entered: 02/18/2009) 
02/20/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by James W. Johnson on behalf of State of Michigan 
Retirement Systems (Johnson, James) (Entered: 02/20/2009) 
02/27/2009 
VERIFIED THIRD AMENDED SHAREHOLDER DERIVATIVE AND CLASS 
ACTION COMPLAINT. Demand for Jury Trial. amending 12 (in Case No. 
07-10453) Amended Complaint, against Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, Henry Bienen, 
James E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, Carl D. Glickman, Michael Goldstein, Alan C. 
Greenberg, Donald J. Harrington, JP Morgan Chase & Co., Jeffrey Mayer, Michael 
Minikes, Frank T. Nickell, Paul A. Novelly, Frederic V. Salerno, Alan D. 
Schwartz, Warren J. Spector, Bear Stearns Companies, Inc., Vincent Tese, Wesley 
S. Williams, Jr.Document filed by Samuel T. Cohen, Jerome Birn. Entered as Doc. 
No. 64 in Case No. 07-10453. Original Document in File Folder for Case No. 
07-10453.(rjm) (Entered: 03/11/2009) 
02/27/2009 
CONSOLIDATED CLASS ACTION COMPLAINT FOR VIOLATIONS OF THE 
FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS against Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, James E. Cayne, 
Jeffrey M. Farber, Alan C. Greenberg, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren J. Spector, Bear 
Stearns Companies, Inc., Deloitte & Touche LLP, Michael Alix. Relates to 
08-2793. Document filed by State of Michigan Retirement Systems.(rjm) (Entered: 
04/09/2009) 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729734
--- PAGE 9 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
03/13/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by James A. Maro, Jr on behalf of Aaron Howard 
(Maro, James) (Entered: 03/13/2009) 
03/13/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Mark K. Gyandoh on behalf of Aaron Howard 
(Gyandoh, Mark) (Entered: 03/13/2009) 
03/13/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Edward W. Ciolko on behalf of Aaron Howard 
(Ciolko, Edward) (Entered: 03/13/2009) 
03/13/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Joseph H. Meltzer on behalf of Aaron Howard 
(Meltzer, Joseph) (Entered: 03/13/2009) 
03/13/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Michael Richard Young on behalf of Jeffrey M. 
Farber (Attachments: # I Certificate of Service)(Young, Michael) (Entered: 
03/13/2009) 
03/13/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Antonio Yanez, Jr on behalf of Jeffrey M. Farber 
(Attachments: # 1 Certificate of Service)(Yanez, Antonio) (Entered: 03/13/2009) 
03/17/2009 
STIPULATION AND ORDER... that The Court's order dated January 5, 2009, as 
amended by its order dated February 9, 2009, including but not limited to the 
schedule therein for responses to the consolidated amended complaint in the 
Securities Action, shall apply to Deloitte & Touche LLP. This stipulation may be 
executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of 
which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same stipulation, and facsimile 
signatures shall be as binding as original signatures. Relates to 08md1963, 
08-2793. (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 3/14/09) (rjm) (Entered: 
03/17/2009) 
03/17/2009 
MOTION for Mohammed K. Ghods to Appear Pro Hac Vice. Document filed by 
H. Roger Wang. Filed In Associated Cases: I:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:09-cv-01200-
RWS(rjm) (Entered: 03/18/2009) 
03/17/2009 
MOTION for William A. Stahr to Appear Pro Hac Vice. Document filed by H. 
Roger Wang. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:09-cv-01200-
RWS(rjm) (Entered: 03/18/2009) 
03/24/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Peter H. LeVan, Jr., Jr on behalf of Aaron 
Howard (LeVan, Jr., Peter) (Entered: 03/24/2009) 
03/31/2009 
5¢ ORDER FOR ADMISSION PRO HAC VICE ON WRITTEN MOTION granting 
(54) Motion for William A. Stahr to Appear Pro Hac Vice in case 1:08-md-
01963-RWS; granting (4) Motion for William A. Stahr to Appear Pro Hac Vice in 
case 1:09-cv-01200-RWS. (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 3/31/09) Filed In 
Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:09-cv-01200-RWS(rjm) (Entered: 
03/31/2009) 
03/31/2009 
Transmission to Attorney Admissions Clerk. Transmitted re: (56 in 1:08-md-
01963-RWS, 6 in 1:09-cv-01200-RWS) Order on Motion to Appear Pro Hac Vice„ 
to the Attorney Admissions Clerk for updating of Attorney Information. Filed In 
Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:09-cv-01200-RWS(rjm) (Entered: 
03/31/2009) 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729735
--- PAGE 10 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
https://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
04/01/2009 
a MOTION for F. Michael Kail to Appear Pro Hac Vice. Document filed by Bear 
Stearns Companies, Inc., Custodial Trust Company. Relates to 08md1963, 
08-2804.(rjm) (Entered: 04/03/2009) 
04/01/2009 
MOTION for Paul J. Ondrasik, Jr. to Appear Pro Hac Vice. Document filed by 
Bear Steams Companies, Inc., Custodial Trust Company. Relates to 08md1963, 
08-2804.(rjm) (Entered: 04/03/2009) 
04/02/2009 
ORDER FOR ADMISSION PRO HAC VICE ON WRITTEN MOTION. IT IS 
HEREBY ORDERED that F. Michael Kail, Esq. Steptoe & Johnson LLP 1330 
Connecticut Avenue, NW Washington, DC 20036 202-429-3000 (phone) 
202-429-3902 (fax) mkail@steptoe.com is admitted to practice pro hac vice as 
counsel for Defendants The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. and Custodial Trust 
Company in the above-captioned case in the United States District Court for the 
Southern District of New York. All attorneys appearing before this Court are 
subject to the Local Rules of this Court, including the Rules governing discipline 
of attorneys. Counsel shall immediately apply for an ECF password at 
nysd.uscourts.gov. Counsel shall also forward the pro hac vice fee to the Clerk of 
Court. Attorney F. Michael Kail for Bear Stearns Companies, Inc. and Custodial 
Trust Company admitted Pro Hac Vice. Relates to 08md1963, 08-2804. (Signed by 
Judge Robert W. Sweet on 4/2/09) (rjm). (Entered: 04/02/2009) 
04/02/2009 
Transmission to Attorney Admissions Clerk. Transmitted re: 2 Order Admitting 
Attorney Pro Hac Vice,,,, to the Attorney Admissions Clerk for updating of 
Attorney Information. (rjm) (Entered: 04/02/2009) 
04/06/2009 
ORDER ADMITTING ATTORNEY PRO HAC VICE ON WRITTEN MOTION. 
Attorney Gretchen S. Obrist for Shelden Greenberg admitted Pro Hac Vice. 
Relates to listed cases. (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 4/3/09) (rjm). 
(Entered: 04/07/2009) 
04/06/2009 
Transmission to Attorney Admissions Clerk. Transmitted re: & Order Admitting 
Attorney Pro Hac Vice, to the Attorney Admissions Clerk for updating of Attorney 
Information. (rjm) (Entered: 04/07/2009) 
04/14/2009 
AFFIDAVIT OF SERVICE of Summons and Amended Complaint,. Deloitte & 
Touche LLP served on 3/2/2009, answer due 3/23/2009. Service was accepted by 
Malik Long. Document filed by State of Michigan Retirement Systems. (Dubbs, 
Thomas) (Entered: 04/14/2009) 
04/17/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Gretchen S. Obrist on behalf of Shelden 
Greenberg (Obrist, Gretchen) (Entered: 04/17/2009) 
04/20/2009 
AMENDED CONSOLIDATED COMPLAINT FOR VIOLATIONS OF THE 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT against Samuel L. 
Molinaro, Jr, Henry Bienen, James E. Cayne, Carl D. Glickman, Michael 
Goldstein, Alan C. Greenberg, Donald J. Harrington, Jeffrey Mayer, Frank T. 
Nickell, Paul A. Novelly, Frederic V. Salerno, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren J. 
Spector, Bear Stearns Companies, Inc., Vincent Tese, Wesley S. Williams, Jr, 
Board of Directors, The Executive Committee of the Company, The Employee 
Stock Ownership Plan Committee, Kathleen Cavallo, Stephen Lacoff, Robert 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729736
--- PAGE 11 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
https://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bininktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
Steinberg, John Does. Document filed by Shelden Greenberg, Aaron Howard. 
Entered as Doc. No. 84 in Case No. 08cv2804.(rjm) (dle). (Entered: 04/29/2009) 
04/23/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Jeffrey Craig Block on behalf of State of 
Michigan Retirement Systems (Block, Jeffrey) (Entered: 04/23/2009) 
04/23/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Justin N. Saif on behalf of State of Michigan 
Retirement Systems (Saif, Justin) (Entered: 04/23/2009) 
04/23/2009 
CASHIERS OFFICE REMARK on 58 Motion to Appear Pro Hac Vice, 59 Motion 
to Appear Pro Hac Vice in the amount of $50.00, paid on 04/01/2009, Receipt 
Number 683117. (jd) (Entered: 04/23/2009) 
04/24/2009 
MOTION to Dismiss the Consolidated Class Action Complaint. Document filed by 
Deloitte & Touche LLP. (Attachments: # 1 Exhibit Consolidated Class Action 
Complaint Part One, # 2 Exhibit Consolidated Class Action Complaint Part Two, it 
Exhibit Consolidated Class Action Complaint Part Three)(Shulman, Max) 
(Entered: 04/24/2009) 
04/24/2009 
RULE 7.1 CORPORATE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT. No Corporate Parent. 
Document filed by Deloitte & Touche LLP.(Shulman, Max) (Entered: 04/24/2009) 
04/24/2009 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: 66 MOTION to Dismiss the 
Consolidated Class Action. Complaint. ("Memorandum In Support Of Motion By 
Deloitte & Touche LLP To Dismiss The Consolidated Class Action Complaint"). 
Document filed by Deloitte & Touche LLP. (Shulman, Max) (Entered: 04/24/2009) 
04/24/2009 
AFFIDAVIT of Max R. Shulman in Support re: 66 MOTION to Dismiss the 
Consolidated Class Action. Complaint.. Document filed by Deloitte & Touche LLP. 
(Attachments: # I Exhibit 1 (Part One) to Shulman Affidavit, # 2 Exhibit One (Part 
Two) to Shulman Affidavit, # 3 Exhibit 2 to Shulman Affidavit, # 4 Exhibit 3 to 
Shulman Affidavit, # 5 Exhibit 4 to Shulman Affidavit, # 6 Exhibit 5 to Shulman 
Affidavit, # 7 Exhibit 6 to Shulman Affidavit, # 8 Exhibit 7 to Shulman Affidavit, 
# 9 Exhibit 8 to Shulman Affidavit, It 10 Exhibit 9 to Shulman Affidavit, It 11 
Exhibit 10 to Shulman Affidavit, 4 12 Exhibit 11 to Shulman Affidavit, # 13 
Exhibit 12 to Shulman Affidavit, It 14 Exhibit 13 to Shulman Affidavit, 4 15 
Exhibit 14 to Shulman Affidavit, It 16 Exhibit 15 to Shulman Affidavit, It 17 
Exhibit 16 to Shulman Affidavit, It 18 Exhibit 17 to Shulman Affidavit, It 19 
Exhibit 18 to Shulman Affidavit, It 20 Exhibit 19 to Shulman Affidavit, It 21 
Exhibit 20 to Shulman Affidavit, It 22 Exhibit 21 to Shulman Affidavit, 4 23 
Exhibit 22 to Shulman Affidavit, It 24 Exhibit 23 to Shulman Affidavit)(Shulman, 
Max) (Entered: 04/24/2009) 
04/24/2009 
MOTION to Dismiss the Consolidated Class Action Complaint. Document filed by 
Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, James E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, Alan C. Greenberg, 
Alan D. Schwartz, Warren J. Spector, Bear Stearns Companies, Inc., Michael 
Alix.(Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 04/24/2009) 
04/24/2009 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: 70 MOTION to Dismiss the 
Consolidated Class Action Complaint.. Document filed by Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, 
James E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, Alan C. Greenberg, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren 
J. Spector, Bear Stearns Companies, Inc., Michael Alix. (Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729737
--- PAGE 12 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
04/24/2009) 
04/24/2009 
DECLARATION of Eric S. Goldstein in Support re: 70 MOTION to Dismiss the 
Consolidated Class Action Complaint.. Document filed by Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, 
James E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, Alan C. Greenberg, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren 
J. Spector, Bear Steams Companies, Inc., Michael Alix. (Attachments: # I Exhibit 
1, # 2 Exhibit 2, # a Exhibit 3, # 4 Exhibit 4, # a Exhibit 5, # L Exhibit 6, # 2.
Exhibit 7, # 8 Exhibit 8, # 9 Exhibit 9, # 10 Exhibit 10, # 11 Exhibit 11, # 12 
Exhibit 12, # 13 Exhibit 13, # 14 Exhibit 14, # 15 Exhibit 15, # 16 Exhibit 16, # 17 
Exhibit 17, # 18 Exhibit 18, # 19 Exhibit 19, # 20 Exhibit 20, # 21 Exhibit 21, # 22 
Exhibit 22, # 23 Exhibit 23, # 24 Exhibit 24, # 25 Exhibit 25, # 26 Exhibit 26, # 27 
Exhibit 27, # za Exhibit 28, # 22 Exhibit 29, # 3Q Exhibit 30, # a Exhibit 
31)(Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 04/24/2009) 
04/24/2009 
DECLARATION of Eric S. Goldstein Attaching Exhibits 32 to 33 in Support re: 
MOTION to Dismiss the Consolidated Class Action Complaint.. Document 
filed by Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, James E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, Alan C. 
Greenberg, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren J. Spector, Bear Steams Companies, Inc., 
Michael Alix. (Attachments: # 1 Exhibit 32 PT1, # 2 Exhibit 32 PT2, # 3 Exhibit 
33)(Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 04/24/2009) 
04/24/2009 
DECLARATION of Eric S. Goldstein Attaching Exhibits 34 to 71 in Support re: 
MOTION to Dismiss the Consolidated Class Action Complaint.. Document 
filed by Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, James E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, Alan C. 
Greenberg, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren J. Spector, Bear Steams Companies, Inc., 
Michael Alix. (Attachments: # I Exhibit 34, # 2 Exhibit 35, # 3 Exhibit 36, # 4 
Exhibit 37, # 5 Exhibit 38, # 6 Exhibit 39, # 7 Exhibit 40, # 8 Exhibit 41, # 9 
Exhibit 42, # 10 Exhibit 43, It 11 Exhibit 44, # 12 Exhibit 45, # 13 Exhibit 46, # 14 
Exhibit 47, # 15 Exhibit 48, # 16 Exhibit 49, # 17 Exhibit 50, # 18 Exhibit 51, # 12 
Exhibit 52, # 20 Exhibit 53, # 21 Exhibit 54, # 22 Exhibit 55, # 23 Exhibit 56, # 24 
Exhibit 57, # 25 Exhibit 58, # 26 Exhibit 59, # 27 Exhibit 60, # 28 Exhibit 61, # 29 
Exhibit 62, # 30 Exhibit 63, # 31 Exhibit 64, # 32 Exhibit 65, # 33 Exhibit 66, # 34 
Exhibit 67, # 35 Exhibit 68, # 36 Exhibit 69, # 37 Exhibit 70, # 38 Exhibit 
71)(Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 04/24/2009) 
04/24/2009 
2,5 DECLARATION of David B. Gross in Support re: 22 MOTION to Dismiss the 
Consolidated Class Action Complaint.. Document filed by Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, 
James E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, Alan C. Greenberg, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren 
J. Spector, Bear Steams Companies, Inc., Michael Alix. (Attachments: # I Exhibit 
A, # 2 Exhibit B, # 3 Exhibit C, # 4 Exhibit D, # 5 Exhibit E, # 6 Exhibit F, # 7 
Exhibit G, # a Exhibit H, # 9 Exhibit I, # El Exhibit J)(Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 
04/24/2009) 
04/24/2009 
MOTION to Dismiss the Verified Third Amended Shareholder Derivative and 
Class Complaint. Document filed by Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, Henry Bienen, James 
E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, Carl D. Glickman, Michael Goldstein, Alan C. 
Greenberg, Donald J. Harrington, JP Morgan Chase & Co., Jeffrey Mayer, Michael 
Minikes, Frank T. Nickell, Paul A. Novelly, Frederic V. Salerno, Alan D. 
Schwartz, Warren J. Spector, Bear Steams Companies, Inc., Vincent Tese, Wesley 
S. Williams, Jr.(Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 04/24/2009) 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729738
--- PAGE 13 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
04/24/2009 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: 76 MOTION to Dismiss the Verified 
Third Amended Shareholder Derivative and Class Complaint.. Document filed by 
Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, Henry Bienen, James E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, Carl D. 
Glickman, Michael Goldstein, Alan C. Greenberg, Donald J. Harrington, JP 
Morgan Chase & Co., Jeffrey Mayer, Michael Minikes, Frank T. Nickell, Paul A. 
Novelly, Frederic V. Salerno, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren J. Spector, Bear Stearns 
Companies, Inc., Vincent Tese, Wesley S. Williams, Jr. (Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 
04/24/2009) 
04/24/2009 
DECLARATION of Eric S. Goldstein in Support re: 76 MOTION to Dismiss the 
Verified Third Amended Shareholder Derivative and Class Complaint.. Document 
filed by Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, Henry Bienen, James E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber. 
Carl D. Glickman, Michael Goldstein, Alan C. Greenberg, Donald J. Harrington, 
JP Morgan Chase & Co., Jeffrey Mayer, Michael Minikes, Frank T. Nickell, Paul 
A. Novelly, Frederic V. Salerno, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren J. Spector, Bear 
Stearns Companies, Inc., Vincent Tese, Wesley S. Williams, Jr. (Attachments: # 1 
Exhibit 1, # 2 Exhibit 2, # 3 Exhibit 3, # 4 Exhibit 4, # 5 Exhibit 5, # 6 Exhibit 6, # 
I Exhibit 7, #11 Exhibit 8, # 2 Exhibit 9 PT1, # I2 Exhibit 9 PT2, #11. Exhibit 10, 
# 12 Exhibit 11, # 13 Exhibit 12, # 14 Exhibit 13, # 15 Exhibit 14, # 16 Exhibit 
15)(Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 04/24/2009) 
04/24/2009 
DECLARATION of David B. Gross in Support re: 76 MOTION to Dismiss the 
Verified Third Amended Shareholder Derivative and Class Complaint.. Document 
filed by Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, Henry Bienen, James E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, 
Carl D. Glickman, Michael Goldstein, Alan C. Greenberg, Donald J. Harrington, 
JP Morgan Chase & Co., Jeffrey Mayer, Michael Minikes, Frank T. Nickell, Paul 
A. Novelly, Frederic V. Salerno, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren J. Spector, Bear 
Stearns Companies, Inc., Vincent Tese, Wesley S. Williams, Jr. (Attachments: # I 
Exhibit A, # 2 Exhibit B, # 3 Exhibit C)(Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 04/24/2009) 
04/30/2009 
ENDORSED LETI ER addressed to Judge Robert W. Sweet from Eric S. 
Goldstein dated 4/28/09 re: counsel for Bear Steams requests the Court's 
permission to file a hard copy of the exhibits to the Goldstein Declaration with the 
Clerk's Office and to re-file an electronic copy of the Goldstein Declaration 
indicating that the referenced exhibits are on file with the Clerk's Office and 
permission to proceed in this manner if they receive the same notification 
regarding the Master Docket. ENDORSEMENT: So Ordered. Entered as Doc. No. 
118 in Case No. 08-2793. (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 4/29/09) (rjm) 
(Entered: 04/30/2009) 
05/01/2009 
EXHIBITS 1-32 (VOLUME I OF II) TO THE DECLARATION OF ERIC S. 
GOLDSTEIN IN SUPPORT OF DEFENDANTS MOTION TO DISMISS THE 
CONSOLIDATED CLASS ACTION COMPLAINT pursuant to endorsed letter 
Doc. No. 81 in 08md1963, Doc. No. 118 in 08-2793. Relates to 08md1963, 
08-2793. (rjm) (Entered: 05/04/2009) 
05/01/2009 
EXHIBITS 33-71 (VOLUME II OF II) TO THE DECLARATION OF ERIC S. 
GOLDSTEIN IN SUPPORT OF DEFENDANTS MOTION TO DISMISS THE 
CONSOLIDATED CLASS ACTION COMPLAINT pursuant to endorsed letter 
Doc. No. 81 in 08md1963, Doc. No. 118 in 08-2793. Relates to 08md1963, 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729739
--- PAGE 14 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
https://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.pl?652068417602967-... 
08-2793. (rjm) (Entered: 05/04/2009) 
05/04/2009 
ORDER. Defendants' Motions to Dismiss, filed April 23, 2009 and April 24, 2009, 
will be heard on submission, without oral argument, on July 1, 2009. In the event 
oral argument is required, an order shall be issued setting down the date and time 
for such argument. All motion papers shall be served in accordance with Local 
Civil Rule 6.1. Relates to 08md1963, 08-2793. (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet 
on 5/1/09) (rjm) (Entered: 05/04/2009) 
05/05/2009 
ORDER FOR ADMISSION PRO HAC VICE ON WRITTEN MOTION. IT IS 
HEREBY ORDERED that Paul J. Ondrasik, Jr., is admitted to practice pro hac 
vice as counsel for Defendants The Bear Steams Companies Inc. and Custodial 
Trust Company in the above-captioned case in the United States District Court for 
the Southern District of New York. All attorneys appearing before this Court are 
subject to the Local Rules of this Court, including the Rules governing discipline 
of attorneys. Counsel shall immediately apply for an ECF password at 
nysd.uscourts.gov. Counsel shall also forward the pro hac vice fee to the Clerk of 
Court. This Order is granting (82) Motion for Paul J. Ondrasik, Jr. to Appear Pro 
Hac Vice in case 1:08-cv-02804-RWS; granting (59) Motion for Paul J. Ondrasik, 
Jr. to Appear Pro Hac Vice in case 1:08-md-01963-RWS. (Signed by Judge Robert 
W. Sweet on 5/4/09) Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, I:08-cv-
02804-RWS(rjm). (Entered: 05/06/2009) 
05/05/2009 
Transmission to Attorney Admissions Clerk. Transmitted re: (85 in 1:08-md-
01963-RWS, 85 in I:08-md-01963-RWS, 85 in I:08-cv-02804-RWS, 85 in 
1:08-cv-02804-RWS) Order on Motion to Appear Pro Hac Vice 
to the 
Attorney Admissions Clerk for updating of Attorney Information. Filed In 
Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, I:08-cv-02804-RWS(rjm) (Entered: 
05/06/2009) 
05/12/2009 
an MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Opposition to Plaintiffs Motion to Stay or Enjoin 
Arbitration (re: Document #7 on the 09cv1200 (RWS) DocketJ. Document filed by 
Bear Steams Companies, Inc.. (Attachments: # 1 Affidavit of Service)(Goldstein, 
Eric) (Entered: 05/12/2009) 
05/12/2009 
fa DECLARATION of Devin A. Donohue in Opposition to Plaintiffs Motion to Stay 
or Enjoin Arbitration (re: Document #7 on the 09cv1200 (RWS) DocketJ. 
Document filed by Bear Steams Companies, Inc.. (Attachments: # I Exhibit I, # 2 
Exhibit 2, # 3 Exhibit 3, # 4 Exhibit 4, # 5 Exhibit 5, # 6 Exhibit 6, # 7 Affidavit of 
Service)(Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 05/12/2009) 
05/19/2009 
aa REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: (7 in 1:09-cv-01200-RWS) 
MOTION to Stay Notice of Motion and Motion to Enjoin or Stay Arbitration; 
Memorandum of Points and Authorities in. Support Thereof. Document filed by H. 
Roger Wang. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:09-cv-01200-
RWS(Stahr, William) (Entered: 05/19/2009) 
05/19/2009 
DECLARATION of SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION OF WILLIAM A. 
STAHR IN SUPPORT OF MOTION FOR AN ORDER TO ENJOIN OR STAY 
ARBITRATION PROCEEDING in Support re: (7 in I:09-cv-01200-RWS) 
MOTION to Stay Notice of Motion and Motion to Enjoin or Stay Arbitration; 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729740
--- PAGE 15 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
Memorandum of Points and Authorities in. Support Thereof. Document filed by H. 
Roger Wang. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:09-cv-01200-
RWS(Stahr, William) (Entered: 05/19/2009) 
05/28/2009 
D ENDORSED LETTER addressed to Judge Robert W. Sweet from Jeffery C. Block 
dated 5/27/2009 re: We represent Lead Plaintiff State of Michigan Retirement 
Systems in this action currently pending before Your Honor. We write pursuant to 
Your Honor's Individual Practice 2.C. to respectfully request that the Court grant 
an extension of its page limitations for Lead Plaintiffs memoranda of law in 
opposition to Defendants' motions to dismiss the complaint in this action, to be 
filed on Friday, May 29, 2009. Specifically, Lead Plaintiff requests that it be 
permitted to file (i) an opposition to the motion to dismiss filed by The Bear 
Steams Companies, Inc. and the Individual Defendants of seventy-five (75) pages; 
and (ii) a separate opposition to the motion to dismiss filed by Defendant Deloitte 
& Touche LLP of fifty (50) pages. ENDORSEMENT: SO ORDERED. (Signed by 
Judge Robert W. Sweet on 5/27/2009) (jmi) (Entered: 05/29/2009) 
05/29/2009 
2.1 MOTION to Strike Extraneous Documents Submitted With. Defendants Bear 
Stearns And Deloitte & Touche LLPs Motions To Dismiss. Document filed by State 
of Michigan Retirement Systems.(Block, Jeffrey) (Entered: 05/29/2009) 
05/29/2009 
E MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: 91 MOTION to Strike Extraneous 
Documents Submitted With Defendants Bear Stearns And Deloitte & Touche LLPs 
Motions To Dismiss.. Document filed by State of Michigan Retirement Systems. 
(Block, Jeffrey) (Entered: 05/29/2009) 
05/29/2009 
E MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Opposition re: 70 MOTION to Dismiss the 
Consolidated Class Action Complaint.. Document filed by State of Michigan 
Retirement Systems. (Block, Jeffrey) (Entered: 05/29/2009) 
05/29/2009 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Opposition re: (2.6 MOTION to Dismiss the 
Consolidated Class Action. Complaint.. Document filed by State of Michigan 
Retirement Systems. (Block, Jeffrey) (Entered: 05/29/2009) 
05/29/2009 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Opposition re: 76 MOTION to Dismiss the Verified 
Third Amended Shareholder Derivative and Class Complaint.. Document filed by 
Samuel T. Cohen. (Brower, David) (Entered: 05/29/2009) 
06/02/2009 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Douglas M. Pravda on behalf of Bear Steams 
Companies, Inc. (Pravda, Douglas) (Entered: 06/02/2009) 
06/03/2009 
E ORDER. Lead Plaintiff State of Michigan Retirement Systems' motion to strike 
will be heard on submission, without oral argument, on July 1, 2009. All motion 
papers shall be served in accordance with Local Civil Rule 6.1. Relates to 
08md1963, 08-2793. (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 6/3/09) (rjm) (Entered: 
06/03/2009) 
06/03/2009 
a 
ENDORSED LETTER addressed to Judge Robert W. Sweet from David A. P. 
Brower dated 5/28/09 re: We are plaintiffs co-lead counsel in the above-captioned 
shareholder derivative action. We write pursuant to Your Honor's Individual 
Practice 2.C. to respectfully request that the Court grant an extension of its page 
limitations for derivative plaintiffs' memorandum of law in opposition to 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729741
--- PAGE 16 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
https://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bininktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
defendants' motions to dismiss the Verified Third Amended Shareholder Derivative 
and Class Complaint ("Motions to Dismiss"), to be filed on May 29, 2009. 
ENDORSEMENT: So Ordered. (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 6/3/09) 
(rjm) (Entered: 06/03/2009) 
06/10/2009 
STIPULATION AND ORDER. IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED, 
by and between the undersigned counsel for the parties to the Securities Action, as 
follows: 1. Defendants' time to respond to the Motion to Strike is extended to and 
including June 30, 2009, the date on which their replies in further support of their 
Motions to Dismiss the Consolidated Class Action Complaint are due; and 2. Lead 
Plaintiffs time to reply to Defendants' responses to the Motion to Strike is 
extended to and including July 14, 2009. Relates to 08md1963, 08-2793. Set 
Deadlines/Hearing as to 21 MOTION to Strike Extraneous Documents Submitted 
With Defendants Bear Stearns And Deloitte & Touche LLPs Motions To Dismiss. 
(Responses due by 6/30/2009, Replies due by 7/14/2009.) (Signed by Judge Robert 
W. Sweet on 6/8/09) (rjm) (Entered: 06/10/2009) 
06/11/2009 
JQQ
MOTION of Lead Plaintiff's to Modify the Stay of Discovery. Document filed by 
State of Michigan Retirement Systems.Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-
01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02793-RWS(Johnson, James) (Entered: 06/11/2009) 
06/11/2009 
101 MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: (127 in 1:08-cv-02793-RWS) 
MOTION of Lead Plaintiffs to Modify the Stay of Discovery.. Document filed by 
State of Michigan Retirement Systems. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-
01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02793-RWS(Johnson, James) (Entered: 06/11/2009) 
06/11/2009 
102 DECLARATION of James W. Johnson in Support re: (127 in 1:08-cv-
02793-RWS) MOTION of Lead Plaintiff's to Modify the Stay of Discovery.. 
Document filed by State of Michigan Retirement Systems. (Attachments: # 1 
Exhibit A, # 2 Exhibit B, # 3 Exhibit C, # 4 Exhibit D, # 5 Exhibit E, # 6 Exhibit F, 
# 2 Exhibit G, # a Exhibit H, # 9 Exhibit I, # JD Exhibit J, # L. Exhibit K - Part 1, 
# 12 Exhibit K - Part 2, # 13 Exhibit L, # 14 Exhibit M, # 15 Certificate of 
Service)Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02793-
RWS(Johnson, James) (Entered: 06/11/2009) 
06/12/2009 
na NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Derek W. Loeser on behalf of Shelden Greenberg 
(Loeser, Derek) (Entered: 06/12/2009) 
06/12/2009 
104 NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Erin M. Riley on behalf of Shelden Greenberg 
(Riley, Erin) (Entered: 06/12/2009) 
06/12/2009 
DI NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Lynn Lincoln Sarko on behalf of Shelden 
Greenberg (Sarko, Lynn) (Entered: 06/12/2009) 
06/16/2009 
CASHIERS OFFICE REMARK on 52 Motion to Appear Pro Hac Vice, a Motion 
to Appear Pro Hac Vice in the amount of $50.00, paid on 03/17/2009, Receipt 
Number 681644. (jd) (Entered: 06/16/2009) 
06/18/2009 
106 ORDER; Lead Plaintiff State of Michigan Retirement Systems' motion to modify 
the stay of discovery will be heard on submission, without oral argument, on 
7/30/09. All motion papers shall be served in accordance with Local Civil Rule 
6.1. (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 6/17/09) Filed In Associated Cases: 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729742
--- PAGE 17 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
https://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
1:08-md-01963-RWS, I:08-cv-02793-RWS(ae) (Entered: 06/18/2009) 
06/22/2009 
107 OPPOSITION BRIEF to the Motion of the Crowes to Not Consolidate. Document 
filed by State of Michigan Retirement Systems.Associated Cases: 1:08-md-
01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02793-RWS(Block, Jeffrey) (Entered: 06/22/2009) 
06/22/2009 
108 MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Opposition to Plaintiffs' Motion to Not 
Consolidate fre:Document #4 on the 09cv0778(RWS) Docket). Document filed by 
Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, Alan C. Greenberg, JP Morgan Chase & Co., Alan D. 
Schwartz. (Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 06/27)2009) 
06/22/2009 
M2 AFFIDAVIT of Jonathan H. Hurwitz in Opposition fre:Document #4 on the 
09cv0778(RWS) Docket). Document filed by Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, Alan C. 
Greenberg, JP Morgan Chase & Co., Alan D. Schwartz. (Hurwitz, Jonathan) 
(Entered: 06/22/2009) 
06/22/2009 
110 STIPULATION AND ORDER. IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED, 
by and between the undersigned counsel for the parties to the ERISA Action, as 
follows: I. Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP hereby accepts service 
of the Amended Complaint on behalf of defendants Henry S. Bienen, Carl D. 
Glickman, Michael Goldstein, Donald J. Harrington, Frank T. Nickell, Paul A. 
Novelly, Frederic V. Salerno, Vincent Tese, Wesley S. Williams, Jr., Kathleen 
Cavallo, Stephen Lacoff, and Robert Steinberg; 2. Defendants shall file and serve 
their answer(s) or responsive motion(s) to the Amended Complaint on or before 
August 4, 2009; 3. Any opposition brief(s) shall be filed on or before September 
25, 2009, and any reply brief(s) shall be filed on or before October 26, 2009; and 4. 
Nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of any defenses in this 
action, and defendants reserve all arguments and defenses in this action. (Signed 
by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 6/19/09) Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-
01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02804-RWS(rjm) (Entered: 06/23/2009) 
06/22/2009 
Set Deadlines/Hearings:Frank T. Nickell answer due 8/4/2009; Paul A. Novelly 
answer due 8/4/2009; Frederic V. Salerno answer due 8/4/2009; Vincent Tese 
answer due 8/4/2009; Henry S. Bienen answer due 8/4/2009; Carl D. Glickman 
answer due 8/4/2009; Michael Goldstein answer due 8/4/2009; Donald J. 
Harrington answer due 8/4/2009; Wesley S. Williams, Jr answer due 8/4/2009; 
Kathleen Cavallo answer due 8/4/2009; Stephen Lacoff answer due 8/4/2009; 
Robert Steinberg answer due 8/4/2009; Henry Bienen answer due 8/4/2009. 
Motions due by 8/4/2009. Replies due by 10/26/2009. Responses due by 9/25/2009 
Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, I:08-cv-02804-RWS(rjm) (Entered: 
06/23/2009) 
06/29/2009 
111 MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Opposition re: (127 in 1:08-cv-02793-RWS, 100 in 
1:08-md-01963-RWS) MOTION of Lead Plaintiffs to Modify the Stay of 
Discovery. ("Memorandum Of Deloitte & Touche LLP In Opposition. To Lead 
Plaintiffs Motion To Modify The Stay of Discovery"). Document filed by Deloitte 
& Touche LLP. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, I:08-cv-02793-
RWS(Shulman, Max) (Entered: 06/29/2009) 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729743
--- PAGE 18 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
06/29/2009 
112 DECLARATION of Max R. Shulman in Opposition re: (127 in 1:08-cv-
02793-RWS, 100 in 1:08-md-01963-RWS) MOTION of Lead Plaintiff's to Modify 
the Stay of Discovery.. Document filed by Deloitte & Touche LLP. (Attachments: # 
Exhibit 1 to Declaration of Max R. Shulman, # 2 Exhibit 2 to Declaration of Max 
R. Shulman)Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, I:08-cv-02793-
RWS(Shulman, Max) (Entered: 06/29/2009) 
06/29/2009 
il l 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Opposition re: .l
 MOTION of Lead Plaintiffs to 
Modify the Stay of Discovery.. Document filed by Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, James 
E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, Alan C. Greenberg, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren J. 
Spector, Bear Stearns Companies, Inc., Michael Alix. (Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 
06/29/2009) 
06/29/2009 
114 DECLARATION of Douglas M. Pravda in Opposition re: 100 MOTION of Lead 
Plaintiffs to Modify the Stay of Discovery.. Document filed by Samuel L. 
Molinaro, Jr, James E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, Alan C. Greenberg, Alan D. 
Schwartz, Warren J. Spector, Bear Stearns Companies, Inc., Michael Alix. (Pravda, 
Douglas) (Entered: 06/29/2009) 
06/30/2009 
DI REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: (66 in 1:08-md-01963-RWS) 
MOTION to Dismiss the Consolidated Class Action Complaint. ("Reply 
Memorandum In Support Of Motion By Deloitte & Touche LLP To Dismiss The 
Consolidated Class Action. Complaint"). Document filed by Deloitte & Touche 
LLP. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02793-
RWS(Shulman, Max) (Entered: 06/30/2009) 
06/30/2009 
116 AFFIDAVIT of Max R. Shulman in Support re: (66 in 1:08-md-01963-RWS) 
MOTION to Dismiss the Consolidated Class Action Complaint.. Document filed 
by Deloitte & Touche LLP. (Attachments: # 1 Exhibit 24 to Declaration of Max R. 
Shulman, # 2 Exhibit 25 to Declaration of Max R. Shulman, # 3 Exhibit 25 (Part 2) 
to Declaration of Max R. Shulman)Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-
01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02793-RWS(Shulman, Max) (Entered: 06/30/2009) 
06/30/2009 
117 MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Opposition re: (91 in 1:08-md-01963-RWS) 
MOTION to Strike Extraneous Documents Submitted With Defendants Bear 
Stearns And Deloitte & Touche LLPs Motions To Dismiss. ("Memorandum Of 
Deloitte & Touche LLP In Opposition To Plaintiff's Motion To Strike"). Document 
filed by Deloitte & Touche LLP. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 
1:08-cv-02793-RWS(Shulman, Max) (Entered: 06/30/2009) 
06/30/2009 
118 REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: 76 MOTION to Dismiss the 
Verified Third Amended Shareholder Derivative and Class Complaint.. Document 
filed by Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, Henry Bienen, James E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, 
Carl D. Glickman, Michael Goldstein, Alan C. Greenberg, Donald J. Harrington, 
JP Morgan Chase & Co., Jeffrey Mayer, Michael Minikes, Frank T. Nickell, Paul 
A. Novelly, Frederic V. Salerno, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren J. Spector, Bear 
Stearns Companies, Inc., Vincent Tese, Wesley S. Williams, Jr. (Goldstein, Eric) 
(Entered: 06/30/2009) 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729744
--- PAGE 19 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
https://ecf.nysd.uscourts.gov/cgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
06/30/2009 
.1_11 REPLY AFFIRMATION of Eric S. Goldstein in Support re: 76 MOTION to 
Dismiss the Verified Third Amended Shareholder Derivative and Class Complaint.. 
Document filed by Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, Henry Bienen, James E. Cayne, Jeffrey 
M. Farber, Carl D. Glickman, Michael Goldstein, Alan C. Greenberg, Donald J. 
Harrington, JP Morgan Chase & Co., Jeffrey Mayer, Michael Minikes, Frank T. 
Nickell, Paul A. Novelly, Frederic V. Salerno, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren J. 
Spector, Bear Steams Companies, Inc., Vincent Tese, Wesley S. Williams, Jr. 
(Attachments: # 1 Exhibit A, # 2 Exhibit B)(Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 
06/30/2009) 
06/30/2009 
120 REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: 70 MOTION to Dismiss the 
Consolidated Class Action. Complaint.. Document filed by Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, 
James E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, Alan C. Greenberg, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren 
J. Spector, Bear Stearns Companies, Inc., Michael Alix. (Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 
06/30/2009) 
06/30/2009 
121 REPLY AFFIRMATION of Eric S. Goldstein in Support re: 70 MOTION to 
Dismiss the Consolidated Class Action Complaint.. Document filed by Samuel L. 
Molinaro, Jr, James E. Cayne, Jeffrey M. Farber, Alan C. Greenberg, Alan D. 
Schwartz, Warren J. Spector, Bear Stearns Companies, Inc., Michael Alix. 
(Attachments: # 1 Exhibit A, # 2 Exhibit B, # 3 Exhibit C)(Goldstein, Eric) 
(Entered: 06/30/2009) 
06/30/2009 
.122 MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Opposition re: 9J. MOTION to Strike Extraneous 
Documents Submitted With Defendants Bear Stearns And Deloitte & Touche LLPs 
Motions To Dismiss.. Document filed by Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr, James E. Cayne, 
Jeffrey M. Farber, Alan C. Greenberg, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren J. Spector, Bear 
Steams Companies, Inc., Michael Alix. (Goldstein, Eric) (Entered: 06/30/2009) 
06/30/2009 
123 TRANSCRIPT of proceedings held on 6/3/09, 12:05pm before Judge Robert W. 
Sweet. (rjm) (Entered: 07/01/2009) 
07/01/2009 
124 NOTICE of NOTICE OF FIRM NAME CHANGE. Document filed by H. Roger 
Wang. (Stahr, William) (Entered: 07/01/2009) 
07/02/2009 
125 NOTICE OF CHANGE OF ADDRESS by William J. Dealy on behalf of Shelden 
Greenberg, Aaron Howard. New Address: Dealy & Silberstein, LLP, 225 
Broadway, Suite 1405, New York, New York, USA 10007, 212-385-0066. (Dealy, 
William) (Entered: 07/02/2009) 
07/06/2009 
126 ENDORSED LETTER addressed to Judge Robert W. Sweet from Max R. 
Shulman dated 6/24/09 re: We represent Deloitte & Touche LLP in the above 
captioned litigation. We write pursuant to Your Honor's Individual Practice 2.0 to 
request permission to exceed the page limit set therein. Specifically, Deloitte 
respectfully requests permission to file a reply memorandum of no more than thirty 
(30) pages. ENDORSEMENT: So Ordered. (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 
6/30/09) Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02793-
RWS(rjm) (Entered: 07/06/2009) 
07/10/2009 
127 NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Michael J. Sternhell on behalf of James E. Cayne 
(Sternhell, Michael) (Entered: 07/10/2009) 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729745
--- PAGE 20 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecf.nysd.uscourts.gov/cgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
07/10/2009 
In 
REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: (127 in 1:08-cv-02793-RWS) 
MOTION of Lead Plaintiffs to Modify the Stay of Discovery.. Document filed by 
State of Michigan Retirement Systems. (Attachments: # 1 Certificate of 
Service)Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02793-
RWS(Johnson, James) (Entered: 07/10/2009) 
07/14/2009 
129 NOTICE of Substitution of Attorney. Old Attorney: William A. Stahr, New 
Attorney: William A. Stahr, Address: GHODS LAW FIRM, 2100 N. Broadway, 
Suite 101, Santa Ana, CA, USA 92706, 714-558-8580. Document filed by H. 
Roger Wang. (Stahr, William) (Entered: 07/14/2009) 
07/14/2009 
130 NOTICE of Substitution of Attorney. Old Attorney: Mohammed K. Ghods, New 
Attorney: Mohammed K. Ghods, Address: GHODS LAW FIRM, 2100 N. 
Broadway, Suite 101, Santa Ana, CA, USA 92706, 714-558-8580. Document filed 
by H. Roger Wang. (Stahr, William) (Entered: 07/14/2009) 
07/14/2009 
131 REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: (91 in 1:08-md-01963-RWS) 
MOTION to Strike Extraneous Documents Submitted With Defendants Bear 
Stearns And Deloitte & Touche LLPs Motions To Dismiss. Reply To The Bear 
Stearns Defendants' Opposition. Document filed by State of Michigan Retirement 
Systems. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02793-
RWS(Block, Jeffrey) (Entered: 07/14/2009) 
07/14/2009 
132 REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: (91 in 1:08-md-01963-RWS) 
MOTION to Strike Extraneous Documents Submitted With Defendants Bear 
Stearns And Deloitte & Touche LLPs Motions To Dismiss. Reply to Defendant 
Deloitte & Touche LLP's Opposition. Document filed by State of Michigan 
Retirement Systems. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-
02793-RWS(Block, Jeffrey) (Entered: 07/14/2009) 
07/16/2009 
133 OPINION According to Bransbourg, in appointing SMRS lead plaintiff to 
represent all purchasers of Bear Stearns' securities, including members of the 
Bransbourg Class, the Court failed to address Bransbourg's contention that SMRS 
lacks standing to assert claims on behalf of the Bransbourg Class. Bransbourg 
argues that SMRS's lack of standing to interpose claims on behalf of the 
Bransbourg class renders it prima facie inadequate to serve as lead plaintiff for the 
Bransbourg action, and, therefore, the Court's decision constituted legal error. 
Without considering whether Bransbourg is correct that SMRS lacks standing to 
assert claims on its behalf, the Court is satisfied that there is no requirement under 
either the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 or the case law in this 
Circuit for a lead plaintiff to possess "standing to sue on every available cause of 
action." Hevesi v. Citigroup Inc., 366 F.3d 70, 82 (2d Cir. 2004) ("[B)ecause the 
PSLRA mandates that courts must choose a party who has, among other things, the 
largest financial stake in the outcome of the case, it is inevitable that, in some 
cases, the lead plaintiff will not have standing to sue on every claim."); see In re 
Fuwei Films Sec. Litig., 247 F.R.D. 432, 438 (S.D.N.Y. 2008) ("[T)he Second 
Circuit has held that there is no requirement that a court select as lead plaintiff only 
a movant with standing to assert every possible claim against every defendant, nor 
does the presumptive lead plaintiff fail to satisfy the typicality prong if he or she 
cannot assert every possible claim."); In re Initial Public Offering Sec. Litig., 214 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729746
--- PAGE 21 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
https://ecEnysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
F.R.D. 117, 123 (S.D.N.Y. 2002) (finding that any suggestion "that the court should 
cobble together a lead plaintiff group that has standing to sue on all possible causes 
of action has been rejected repeatedly by courts in this Circuit and undermines the 
purpose of the PSLRA"). Nor does Bransbourg point to any controlling decisions 
or pertinent facts that the Court overlooked in its January 5, 2009 Opinion 
consolidating his case with the other securities actions and appointing SMRS lead 
plaintiff. Concluding that "[t]tre claims asserted in the Bransbourg Action are 
identical to those asserted in the other Securities Actions and are based on the same 
statements made by Defendants during the same class period," the Court found 
consolidation appropriate. Jan. 5, 2009 Opinion at *7. Because Bransbourg's 
motion is simply a rehash of arguments that were made in opposition to 
consolidation, the motion for reconsideration is denied. ii. Zicherman's Motion: 
Zicherman seeks reversal of the Court's consolidation of this action with the other 
securities actions based on the Court's statement in the January 5, 2009 Opinion 
that "Plaintiff Zicherman alleges a class period limited to the week of March 10, 
2008." Jan. 5, 2009 Opinion at *2. This statement is not an accurate description of 
Zicherman's claim, which is broughtas an individual action, rather than a class 
action, and the January 5, 2009 Opinion and Consolidation Order shall be amended 
to reflect Zicherman's action as such. The error pointed to by Zicherman does not, 
however, warrant reconsideration of the Court's determination to consolidate his 
action with the other Securities Actions. In consolidating Zicherman's action, the 
Court concluded that consolidation was appropriate because "all of the cases 
alleging violations of the federal securities laws involve common questions of law 
and fact sufficient to warrant consolidation." Jan. 5, 2009 Opinion at *6. The fact 
that Zicherman brings his claim as an individual and not on behalf of a class does 
not alter this conclusion, and therefore his motion for reconsideration is denied. As 
to Zicherman's request that the Consolidation Order be additionally amended to 
specifically list his rights as an individual plaintiff, the Court does not find such 
further amendment necessary at this time. It is so ordered. (Signed by Judge Robert 
W. Sweet on 7/15/2009) Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-
02793-RWS(jmi) (Entered: 07/17/2009) 
07/21/2009 
CORRECTED AMENDED CONSOLIDATED COMPLAINT FOR 
VIOLATIONS OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY 
ACT amending 84 (in Case No. 08cv2804) Amended Complaint, against Samuel 
L. Molinaro, Jr, Henry Bienen, James E. Cayne, Carl D. Glickman, Michael 
Goldstein, Alan C. Greenberg, Donald J. Harrington, Jeffrey Mayer, Frank T. 
Nickell, Paul A. Novelly, Frederic V. Salerno, Alan D. Schwartz, Warren J. 
Spector, Bear Steams Companies, Inc., Vincent Tese, Wesley S. Williams, Jr, 
Board of Directors, The Executive Committee of the Company, The Employee 
Stock Ownership Plan Committee, Kathleen Cavallo, Stephen Lacoff, Robert 
Steinberg, John Does. Document filed by Shelden Greenberg, Aaron Howard. 
Entered as Doc. No. 88 in 08cv2804.(rjm) (Entered: 07/22/2009) 
07/22/2009 
134 NOTICE OF CHANGE OF ADDRESS by David A.P. Brower on behalf of 
Samuel T. Cohen. New Address:. (Brower, David) (Entered: 07/22/2009) 
08/07/2009 
STIPULATION AND ORDER. IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED, 
by and between the undersigned counsel for the parties to the ERISA Action, as 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729747
--- PAGE 22 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecf.nysd.uscourts.gov/cgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
follows: 1. Defendants' time to answer, move, or otherwise respond to the 
Amended Complaint is extended to and including September 14, 2009. 2. If 
defendants move to dismiss the Amended Complaint, plaintiffs shall file any 
opposition brief(s) on or before November 6, 2009, and defendants shall file any 
reply brief(s) on or before December 7, 2009. 3. Nothing herein shall be deemed to 
constitute a waiver of any defenses in this action, and defendants reserve all 
arguments and defenses in this action. (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 
8/5/09) Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02804-
RWS(rjm) (Entered: 08/10/2009) 
08/07/2009 
Set Deadlines/Hearings:Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr answer due 9/14/2009; Henry 
Bienen answer due 9/14/2009; James E. Cayne answer due 9/14/2009; Carl D. 
Glickman answer due 9/14/2009; Michael Goldstein answer due 9/14/2009; Alan 
C. Greenberg answer due 9/14/2009; Donald J. Harrington answer due 9/14/2009; 
Jeffrey Mayer answer due 9/14/2009; Frank T. Nickell answer due 9/14/2009; Paul 
A. Novelly answer due 9/14/2009; Frederic V. Salerno answer due 9/14/2009; 
Alan D. Schwartz answer due 9/14/2009; Warren J. Spector answer due 9/14/2009; 
Bear Steams Companies, Inc. answer due 9/14/2009; Vincent Tese answer due 
9/14/2009; Wesley S. Williams, Jr answer due 9/14/2009; Custodial Trust 
Company answer due 9/14/2009; Board of Directors answer due 9/14/2009; The 
Executive Committee of the Company answer due 9/14/2009; The Employee 
Stock Ownership Plan Committee answer due 9/14/2009; Kathleen Cavallo answer 
due 9/14/2009; Stephen Lacoff answer due 9/14/2009; Robert Steinberg answer 
due 9/14/2009; John Does answer due 9/14/2009. (rjm) (Entered: 08/10/2009) 
08/25/2009 
136 MOTION for Julie Siebert-Johnson and Shannon O. Lack to Appear Pro Hac Vice 
on behalf of plaintiff. Attached is Affirmation of Milo Silberstein. Document filed 
by Shelden Grenberg and Aaron Howard (djc) Modified on 8/26/2009 (djc). 
Modified on 8/27/2009 (djc). (Entered: 08/26/2009) 
08/27/2009 
CASHIERS OFFICE REMARK on 136 Motion to Appear Pro Hac Vice, in the 
amount of $50.00, paid on 08/25/2009, Receipt Number 698377. (jd) (Entered: 
08/27/2009) 
09/11/2009 
137 ORDER TO GRANTING ADMISSION OF COUNSEL PRO HAC VICE. IT IS 
HEREBY ORDERED that Julie Siebert-Johnson and Shannon O. Lack of 
Barroway Topaz Kessler Meltzer & Check, LLP, 280 King of Prussia Road, 
Radnor, PA 19087, (610) 667-7706 / (610) 667-7056 are admitted to practice pro 
hac vice as counsel for Plaintiffs, in the above-captioned case in the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York. All attorneys appearing 
before this Court are subject to the Local Rules of this Court, including the Rules 
governing discipline of attorneys. If this action is assigned to the Electronic Case 
Filing (ECF) system, counsel shall immediately apply for an ECF password at 
nysd.uscourts.gov. Counsel shall forward the pro hac vice fee to the Clerk of 
Court. granting 136 Motion for Julie Siebert-Johnson and Shannon O. Lack to 
Appear Pro Hac Vice. (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 9/3/09) (rjm) 
(Entered: 09/11/2009) 
09/11/2009 
Transmission to Attorney Admissions Clerk. Transmitted re: 137 Order on Motion 
to Appear Pro Hac Vice, to the Attorney Admissions Clerk for updating of 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729748
--- PAGE 23 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecf.nysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
Attorney Information. (rjm) (Entered: 09/11/2009) 
09/22/2009 
138 STIPULATION AND ORDER. IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED, 
by and between the undersigned counsel for the parties to the ERISA Action, as 
follows: 1. Defendants' time to answer, move, or otherwise respond to the 
Amended Complaint is extended to and including November 2, 2009. 2. If 
defendants move to dismiss the Amended Complaint, plaintiffs shall file any 
opposition brief(s) on or before December 18, 2009, and defendants shall file any 
reply brief(s) on or before January 22, 2010. 3. Nothing herein shall be deemed to 
constitute a waiver of any defenses in this action, and defendants reserve all 
arguments and defenses in this action. Custodial Trust Company answer due 
11/2/2009; John Does 1-20 answer due 11/2/2009; Samuel Molinaro answer due 
11/2/2009; The Bear Stearns Companies, Inc. answer due 11/2/2009; Jane Does 
1-20 answer due 11/2/2009; John and Jane Does 1-10 answer due 11/2/2009; Frank 
T. Nickell answer due 11/2/2009; Paul A. Novelly answer due 11/2/2009; Frederic 
V. Salerno answer due 11/2/2009; Vincent Tese answer due 11/2/2009; Jeffrey 
Mayer answer due 11/2/2009; Jane Does 1-10 answer due 11/2/2009; The Board of 
Directors answer due 11/2/2009; Carl D. Glickman answer due 11/2/2009; Michael 
Goldstein answer due 11/2/2009; Donald J. Harrington answer due 11/2/2009; 
Wesley S. Williams, Jr answer due 11/2/2009; James E. Cayne answer due 
11/2/2009; The Executive Committee of the Company answer due 11/2/2009; The 
Employee Stock Ownership Plan Committee answer due 11/2/2009; Kathleen 
Cavallo answer due 11/2/2009; Stephen Lacoff answer due 11/2/2009; Robert 
Steinberg answer due 11/2/2009; Alan D. Schwartz answer due 11/2/2009; Warren 
J. Spector answer due 11/2/2009; Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr answer due 11/2/2009; 
Alan C. Greenberg answer due 11/2/2009; John Does answer due 11/2/2009; 
Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr answer due 11/2/2009; Henry Bienen answer due 
11/2/2009; James E. Cayne answer due 11/2/2009; Alan C. Greenberg answer due 
11/2/2009; Alan D. Schwartz answer due 11/2/2009; Warren J. Spector answer due 
11/2/2009; Bear Stearns Companies, Inc. answer due 11/2/2009; Board of 
Directors answer due 11/2/2009; John Does answer due 11/2/2009.(Motions due 
by 11/2/2009., Replies due by 1/22/2010., Responses due by 12/18/2009) (Signed 
by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 9/22/09) Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-
01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02804-RWS(rjm) (Entered: 09/22/2009) 
10/02/2009 
Docketed Order dated January 5, 2009 in 09 Civ. 8161 (RWS) and mailed copy of 
the Order to counsel for plaintiff Bruce S. Sherman. (rw) (Entered: 10/02/2009) 
10/23/2009 
.1_31 RESPONSE re: (4 in I:09-cv-08161-RWS) Objection (non-motion) /Response of 
Lead Plaintiff to the Objection to Consolidation Filed by Bruce S. Sherman. 
Document filed by State of Michigan Retirement Systems. (Attachments: # 1 
Certificate of Service)Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:09-cv-
08161-RWS(Johnson, James) (Entered: 10/23/2009) 
10/23/2009 
140 RESPONSE re: (4 in I:09-cv-08161-RWS) Objection (non-motion) ("DELOTITE 
& TOUCHE LLP'S OPPOSITION TO PLAINTIFF'S OBJECTION TO 
CONSOLIDATION"). Document filed by Deloitte & Touche LLP, Deloitte & 
Touche, LLP. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:09-cv-08161-
RWS(Shulman, Max) (Entered: 10/23/2009) 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729749
--- PAGE 24 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
haps://ecEnysd.uscourts.govicgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
11/0212009 
141 STIPULATION AND ORDER. IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED, 
by and between the undersigned counsel for the parties to the ERISA Action, as 
follows: 1. Defendants' time to answer, move, or otherwise respond to the 
Amended Complaint is extended to and including December 7, 2009. 2. If 
defendants move to dismiss the Amended Complaint, plaintiffs shall file any 
opposition brief(s) on or before January 28, 2010, and defendants shall file any 
reply brief(s) on or before March 1, 2010. 3. Nothing herein shall be deemed to 
constitute a waiver of any defenses in this action, and defendants reserve all 
arguments and defenses in this action. Custodial Trust Company answer due 
12/7/2009; John Does 1-20 answer due 12/7/2009; Samuel Molinaro answer due 
12/7/2009; The Bear Steams Companies, Inc. answer due 12/7/2009; Jane Does 
1-20 answer due 12/7/2009; John and Jane Does 1-10 answer due 12/7/2009; 
Frank T. Nickell answer due 12/7/2009; Paul A. Novelly answer due 12/7/2009; 
Frederic V. Salerno answer due 12/7/2009; Vincent Tese answer due 12/7/2009; 
Jeffrey Mayer answer due 12/7/2009; Jane Does 1-10 answer due 12/7/2009; The 
Board of Directors answer due 12/7/2009; Carl D. Glickman answer due 
12/7/2009; Michael Goldstein answer due 12/7/2009; Donald J. Harrington answer 
due 12/7/2009; Wesley S. Williams, Jr answer due 12/7/2009; James E. Cayne 
answer due 12/7/2009; The Executive Committee of the Company answer due 
12/7/2009; The Employee Stock Ownership Plan Committee answer due 
12/7/2009; Kathleen Cavallo answer due 12/7/2009; Stephen Lacoff answer due 
12/7/2009; Robert Steinberg answer due 12/7/2009; Alan D. Schwartz answer due 
12/7/2009; Warren J. Spector answer due 12/7/2009; Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr 
answer due 12/7/2009; Alan C. Greenberg answer due 12/7/2009; John Does 
answer due 12/7/2009.( Motions due by 12/7/2009., Replies due by 3/1/2010., 
Responses due by 1/28/2010) (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 11/2/09) Filed 
In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02804-RWS(rjm) (Entered: 
11/0212009) 
11/16/2009 
142 MANDATE of USCA (Certified Copy) USCA Case Number 09-3237-op. 
Petitioner, through counsel, has filed a petition for a writ of mandamus. Upon due 
consideration, it is hereby ORDERED that the mandamus petition is DENIED 
because Petitioner has not demonstrated that he lacks an adequate, alternative 
means of obtaining relief. See In re von Bulow, 828 F.2d 94, 98 (2d Cir. 1987). 
Catherine O'Hagan Wolfe, Clerk USCA. Issued As Mandate: 11/13/2009. (nd) 
(Entered: 11/16/2009) 
11/16/2009 
Transmission of USCA Mandate/Order to the District Judge re: 142 USCA 
Mandate,. (nd) (Entered: 11/16/2009) 
12/10/2009 
143 STIPULATION AND ORDER. IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED, 
by and between the undersigned counsel for the parties to the ERISA Action, as 
follows: 1. Defendants' time to answer, move, or otherwise respond to the 
Amended Complaint is extended to and including January 11, 2010.2. If 
defendants move to dismiss the Amended Complaint, plaintiffs shall file any 
opposition brief(s) on or before February 25, 2010, and defendants shall file any 
reply brief(s) on or before March 29, 2010. 3. Nothing herein shall be deemed to 
constitute a waiver of any defenses in this action, and defendants reserve all 
arguments and defenses in this action. (Motions due by 1/11/2010., Replies due by 
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729750
--- PAGE 25 ---
SDNY CM/ECF Version 3.2.2 
https://ecf.nysd.uscourts.gov/cgi-bin/DktRpt.p17652068417602967-... 
3/29/2010., Responses due by 2/25/2010) (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet on 
12/8/09) Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02804-
RWS(rjm) (Entered: 12/10/2009) 
12/10/2009 
Set/Reset Deadlines: Frank T. Nickell answer due 1/11/2010; Paul A. Novelly 
answer due 1/11/2010; Frederic V. Salerno answer due 1/11/2010; Vincent Tese 
answer due 1/11/2010; Jeffrey Mayer answer due 1/11/2010; Carl D. Glickman 
answer due 1/11/2010; Michael Goldstein answer due 1/11/2010; Donald J. 
Harrington answer due 1/11/2010; Wesley S. Williams, Jr answer due 1/11/2010; 
James E. Cayne answer due 1/11/2010; The Executive Committee of the Company 
answer due 1/11/2010; The Employee Stock Ownership Plan Committee answer 
due 1/11/2010; Kathleen Cavallo answer due 1/11/2010; Stephen Lacoff answer 
due 1/11/2010; Robert Steinberg answer due 1/11/2010; Alan D. Schwartz answer 
due 1/11/2010; Warren J. Spector answer due 1/11/2010; Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr 
answer due 1/11/2010; Alan C. Greenberg answer due 1/11/2010; John Does 
answer due 1/11/2010; Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr answer due 1/11/2010; Henry 
Bienen answer due 1/11/2010; James E. Cayne answer due 1/11/2010; Alan C. 
Greenberg answer due 1/11/2010; Alan D. Schwartz answer due 1/11/2010; 
Warren J. Spector answer due 1/11/2010; Bear Stearns Companies, Inc. answer due 
1/11/2010; John Does answer due 1/11/2010. Associated Cases: 1:08-md-
01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02804-RWS(rjm) (Entered: 12/11/2009) 
12/17/2009 
144 MOTION for Reconsideration re; (90 in 1:08-cv-02793-RWS, 24 in 1:08-md-
01963-RWS) Memorandum & Opinion„ (133 in 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 149 in 
1:08-cv-02793-RWS) Memorandum & Opinion 
. Document filed by 
Gilles Bransbourg.Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-
02793-RWS(Krasner, Daniel) (Entered: 12/17/2009) 
12/17/2009 
Ell MEMORANDUM OF LAW in Support re: (152 in 1:08-cv-02793-RWS) 
MOTION for Reconsideration re; (90 in 1:08-cv-02793-RWS, 24 in 1:08-md-
01963-RWS) Memorandum & Opinion„ (133 in 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 149 in 
1:08-cv-02793-RWS) Memorandum & Opinion 
. MOTION for 
Reconsideration re; (90 in I:08-cv-02793-RWS, 24 in 1:08-md-01963-RWS) 
Memorandum & Opinion„ (133 in 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 149 in 1:08-cv-
02793-RWS) Memorandum & Opinion 
.. Document filed by Gilles 
Bransbourg. Filed In Associated Cases: 1:08-md-01963-RWS, 1:08-cv-02793-
RWS(Krasner, Daniel) (Entered: 12/17/2009) 
PACER Service Center 
Transaction Receipt 
12/18/2009 11:14:39 
PACER 
Login: 
d2136
Code: 
Client 
Description: Docket 
Report 
Search 
Criteria: 
1:08-md-01963-RWS Start date: 
1/1/2008 End date: 1/1/2010 
'
Billable 
Pages: 
Cost: 
1.60
of 25 
12/18/09 12:16 PM 
EFTA00729751

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729752.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502.008CA028051XXXXMB AD 
) 
VS 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
 ) 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
WITHOUT DEPOSITION 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA TO: 
Medical Records Custodian 
Dr. Stephen Alexander 
400 Executive Center Drive 
Suite 202 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at Esquire Court Reporters, 515 North 
Flagler Drive, Suite 200 Pavillion, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 on or before the 
September 30, 2009, at 10:00 a.m., and to have with you at that time and place the 
following: 
•The complete medical file including MRIs, scans, Xrays and any 
other diagnostic test result, Intake Form, notes, reports, 
opinions, 
correspondence 
to 
or 
from 
third 
parties, 
correspondence to or from Jeffrey Epstein, referrals, medical 
bills, in short, your complete file on: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Date of Birth: 
(*Documents may be mailed in lieu of appearance to the undersigned counsel) 
EFTA00729752
--- PAGE 2 ---
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that this subpoena requires production of 
your complete, entire file contents. You are to produce each and every piece of paper 
contained in your files regarding the above individual, whether or not prepare by you. 
This further includes telephone messages, letters from attorneys, letters from the above 
individual, or from any other source. You are not permitted to edit or delete items. 
Failure to comply fully may result in court sanctions. 
These items may be inspected and may be copied at that time. You will not be 
required to surrender the original items. You may comply with this subpoena by 
providing legible copies of the items to be produces to the attorney whose name 
appears on this subpoena on or before the scheduled date of production. You may 
condition the preparation of copies upon the payment in advance of the reasonable cost 
of preparation. You may mail or deliver the copies to the attorney whose name appears 
on this subpoena and thereby eliminate your appearance at the time and place 
specified above. 
You have the right to object to the production pursuant to this 
subpoena at any time before production by giving written notice to the undersigned 
attorney whose name appears on this subpoena. THIS WILL NOT BE A DEPOSITION. 
NO TESTIMONY WILL BE TAKEN. 
If you fail to: 
1. Appear as specified; or 
2. furnish the records instead of appearing as provided above; or 
3. object to this subpoena, 
you may be in contempt of court. 
You are subpoenaed to appear by the following attorney, and unless excused form this 
subpoena by this attorney or the Court, you shall respond to this subpoena as directed. 
Dated: August 
2009. 
EFTA00729753
--- PAGE 3 ---
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale Florida 33301 
BRAD EDWARDS, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
EFTA00729754

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729755.pdf
----------------------------------------
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND 
GENERAL RELEASE OF ALL CLAIMS 
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
1. 
This Settlement Agreement and General Release ("RELEASE") is entered into by and 
between 
Individually ("RELEASOR"), and JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Individually ("RELEASEE"), in order to settle all claims asserted or which could be asserted 
against RELEASEE in the action entitled. v. JEFFREY EPSTEIN, Case No. 9-10-cv-81 1 1 1-
WPD, pending in the United States District Court Southern District of Florida, West Palm Beach 
Division ("the Action"). As referred to in this RELEASE, RELEASOR includes 
heragent(s), attomey(s), predecessor(s), successor(s), heir(s), administrator(s), assign(s), 
employee(s), guardian(s), spouse, descendants and dependents. As referred to in this RELEASE, 
RELEASEE includes Jeffrey Epstein, his agent(s), attomey(s), predecessor(s), successor(s), heir(s), 
administrator(s), assign(s), employee(s), descendants and dependents. 
2. RELEASEE agrees that, along with other good and sufficient consideration for this 
Agreement, after RELEASOR'S execution of this Agreement, he will pay the total amount of 
$300,000.00 (Three Hundred Thousand Dollars and No 100/100 Cents) to RELEASOR, within 
five (5) days after receipt of RELEASOR'S executed RELEASE, by check made payable to 
attorneys' trust account, Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, 
PL Trust Account, provided all conditions outlined herein are met. No funds shall be disbursed from 
RELEASOR's attorney's trust account until the case is dismissed with prejudice. 
3. 
In exchange for the consideration set forth in paragraph 2, RELEASOR has remised, 
released and forever discharged and by these presents does for RELEASOR, individually, and for 
EFTA00729755
--- PAGE 2 ---
any guardians, spouses, other heirs or descendants, remise, release, acquit and forever discharge 
RELEASEE, along with all of his past, present, and future employees, agents, attorneys, successors, 
predecessors, successors, heirs, administrators, and assigns, all manner of action and actions, cause 
and causes of action, suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, costs, 
expenses, specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, variances, 
trespasses, damages, judgment, executions, individual and/or joint and/or consortium claims and 
demands whatsoever, in law or in equity, which the undersigned now have, ever had, or which her 
heirs, executors, guardians or administrators, hereafter can, shall or may have, for, upon or by reason 
of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever, against RELEASEE from the beginning of the World to 
the day of the date of these presents, for all claims made or that could have been made against 
RELEASEE for compensatory damages, punitive damages, costs or attorney's fees, past, present 
and future, and all other damages against RELEASEE, without limitation. 
4. 
It is understood and agreed that this settlement is the compromise of a disputed claim 
and is intended to avoid further litigation, and that the payment made is not to be construed as an 
admission of liability or fault on the part of the parties hereby released, and that said RELEASEE 
denies liability therefor. RELEASEE has entered into and accepted the settlement agreement to buy 
his peace and end all possibility of litigation against him by RELEASOR. In addition, as further 
consideration of such payment, the RELEASOR and RELEASEE agree that the terms of this 
Settlement Agreement and General Release and the Settlement Agreement and Release itself, are not 
intended to be used by any person, and shall not be admissible, in any proceeding, case or cause 
against or involving RELEASEE, either civil or criminal. In further consideration of such payment, 
RELEASOR hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and save harmless RELEASEE against all 
-2-
EFTA00729756
--- PAGE 3 ---
lawsuits, claims, arbitrations, cross-claims, counter claims or third party claims related to personal 
injuries which RELEASOR claimed or which could have been claimed by any person, firm, 
corporation or entity, whatsoever on her behalf arising from her claims, and from all damages, costs 
and expenses therefrom including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees and costs which RELEASEE 
herein may bear and incur by reasons thereof 
5. 
RELEASOR understands and agrees that the acceptance of said sum is in full accord 
and satisfaction of a disputed claim and that the payment of said sum is not an admission of liability 
by any party named herein. It is expressly understood and agreed that this Settlement Agreement and 
General Release is intended to cover and does cover not only all now known injuries, losses or 
damages, but any heretofore unknown injuries, losses and damages which arise from, or are in any 
way related to, the incident described in the Complaint filed in the Action. 
6. 
In exchange for the consideration set forth in paragraph 2, immediately upon payment 
and clearance of the settlement amount, RELEASOR shall file with the United States District Court 
for the Southern District of Florida, West Palm Beach Division, a fully executed Stipulation for 
Voluntary Dismissal With Prejudice of the Action, without costs or attorney's fees assessed against 
any party. As a condition to this agreement, RELEASOR, and her attorneys shall also execute a 
Confidentiality Agreement in favor of JEFFREY EPSTEIN. 
7. 
This Settlement Agreement and Release constitutes the entire agreement and 
understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and all prior negotiations 
are merged into this Agreement, with the sole exception of the Confidentiality Agreement entered 
into between RELEASOR and RELEASEE This Agreement may not be modified except as may 
be set forth in writing and executed by the parties hereto. The parties acknowledge that there are no 
-3-
EFTA00729757
--- PAGE 4 ---
other promises, agreements, conditions, undertakings, warranties or representations, oral or written, 
expressed or implied, between them other than as set forth herein. 
8. This Agreement shall be construed, enforced and interpreted in accordance with the laws 
of the State of Florida and venue for any action to enforce or construe the Agreement shall be in 
United States District Court Southern District of Florida. The parties affirmatively state that they 
have had equal input into determining the terms of this Agreement and it is the parties' desire that 
this Agreement not be construed for or against any party by virtue of that party's drafting of the 
Agreement. 
9. 
If one or more paragraph(s) of this Agreement shall be ruled unenforceable, either 
RELEASEE or RELEASOR may elect to enforce the remainder of the Agreement. 
10. 
If any legal action, proceeding or hearing is brought by any party to this Agreement to 
enforce the terms and conditions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party shall be entitled to 
recover reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, including fees and costs on appeal. 
11. 
RELEASOR accepts responsibility for and agree to pay out of the settlement funds any 
and all liens, claims for reimbursement, bills and assigned or subrogated claims or interests, 
regardless of whether disclosed to RELEASOR including, but not limited to, all liens, claims for 
reimbursement, assigned or subrogated claims or interests of collateral source payers as defined by 
Florida law, federal and state tax liens, Medicare or Medicaid liens, Social Security liens, hospital 
liens, workers compensation liens, any claims of insurers or other persons or entities that provide 
medical, rehabilitative, hospital, psychological or other healthcare benefits, federal or statutory 
common law liens, attorney's fees and costs, and other assigned or subrogated claims or interest, 
which may be applicable to injuries or claims arising out of or related to any claims asserted by them 
-4-
EFTA00729758
--- PAGE 5 ---
or which could have been asserted by them or on their behalf arising from the Subject Incident. 
12. 
RELEASOR hereby declares that the terms ofthis settlement have been completely read 
and explained by her attorney and/or representative and are fully understood and that she has had 
effective benefit of the advice of competent legal counsel of her choice, hase had a reasonable period 
of time to review the terms and consider the Release and its terms and the settlement and have 
voluntarily accepted the terms of this Release for the purpose of making a full and final compromise, 
adjustment and settlement of any and all claims of account of any injuries or damages above 
mentioned and for the express purpose of precluding forever any further or additional claims, 
lawsuits or arbitrations arising out of the aforesaid occurrences. Subsequent discovery of any facts, 
no matter how material, shall have no effect upon the validity of the Release. 
13. 
The undersigned warrant that they have full authority to act and execute this Release on 
behalf of themselves and that they are solely entitled to enforce the aforesaid claims asserted and to 
give a full and complete release therefor. The undersigned warrant that they are over the age of 18, 
suijuris and have personal knowledge of all representations contained herein and that all such 
representations are true, complete and accurate to the best of their knowledge and belief. 
14. 
RELEASOR affirms and agrees that this RELEASE is the product of joint negotiation 
and authorship or otherwise at arms length and shall not be construed against either party on the 
basis of sole authorship and any rule or law requiring interpretation of this RELEASE or any 
perceived ambiguities against the drafting party is not applicable and hereby waived. All provisions 
shall be interpreted in a reasonable manner for the purposes of the parties. 
-5-
EFTA00729759
--- PAGE 6 ---
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Date: 
Date: 
Signed before this 
day of 
, 
Signed before this 
day of 
, 
2010. 
2010. 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
My Commission Expires: 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
My Commission Expires: 
-6-
EFTA00729760

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729761.pdf
----------------------------------------
SG BLOCKS 
SG 
Overview 
BLOCKS 
SG Blocks LLC ("SGB" or the "Company") provides sustainable building systems through the 
conversion of used code-engineered cargo shipping containers into Safe Green Building Blocks 
("SG Block(s)") used in all types of building construction. The Company, with its strategic partners, 
redesigns, reengineers and repurposes SG Blocks for commercial, industrial and residential building 
construction. The Company provides the building construction industry alternative structures which 
are greener, safer, faster, stronger, longer lasting and consistently less expensive than conventional/ 
traditional options. 
Completed Jaxport Municipal 
Building 
Redondo Beach House -- SGB's 
Steve Armstrong was FOR 
Stacking for Fort 
Bragg Headquarters 
SGB provides pre-engineering, consulting, engineering, design, logistics and project management 
services related to building construction. To enhance product and service offerings, SGB has formed 
a number of strategic alliances and affiliations including ConGlobal Industries, the largest 
container depot operator in the US, and Triton International Container, a full-service global leasing 
company that operates one of the largest marine intermodal cargo container fleets in the world. 
Both are suppliers, ConGlobal owns modification facilities and Triton manages vendor relationships 
that work with SGB to perform required modifications. SGB also has a strategic alliance with The 
Lawrence Group, a nationally recognized architectural, interior design and planning firm. 
Additionally, SGB is affiliated with the premier NYC based Construction Management firm, Plaza 
Construction, who did in excess of $1 billion last year. 
EFTA00729761
--- PAGE 2 ---
SG BLOCKS 
Page 2 
SG Blocks typically exceed building code requirements and demonstrate superior structural integrity 
in multiple/stacked configurations as they capitalize on the demanding structural engineering and 
design parameters established for shipping containers. Containers are exposed to and must endure 
hostile weather and dynamic forces aboard a ship, in overland trucking and on rail transport. They 
also must remain stable while being stacked on ship decks in high seas. 
Contributing to LEED Certification, the conversion of a container into an SG Block takes 1/20th the 
amount of energy required to reprocess a comparable weight of steel and allows for local sourcing in 
most cases. SGB's ability to connect, stack and provide for mobile assembly and disassembly 
differentiates SGB from the competition. Additionally, SGB has completed proprietary and code-
approved testing that is especially valuable at the municipal planning level. 
EFTA00729762
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
SG BLOCKS 
Villa at Mission San Luis Rey, Oceanside CA — 340,000 SF senior continuing care community to be 
constructed from 450 SG Blocks 
SG Blocks are ideal for an array of building applications because of the simplicity, speed and 
scalability of the SG Blocks system. Capitalizing on the fundamental building block concept, the 
core construction employs standard unit replication, which simplifies creation of the SG Block and 
shortens construction time. Because the Block is one of a limited number of standard transportation 
sizes, it can be delivered to most sites rapidly and easily. Once on site, a typical customers' 
construction time is reduced by up to 40% over other common construction methods, translating into 
reduced interest carry for the builder as well. 
The Blocks can be configured to meet a myriad of architectural designs and can grow vertically with 
the homeowner or its occupants over time. Efficient layouts can accommodate for expandable units 
while the structural superiority stands up to the harshest of environments. SG Blocks framing offers 
tighter envelopes and more resistive materials than those used in conventional construction, 
reducing energy consumption as well. 
SGB's senior management team has had many years of experience in the delivery of business 
products and services related to international construction projects. SG Blocks' CEO Paul Galvin 
has twenty years of experience developing real estate including residential condominiums, luxury 
sales, market rate and affordable rental projects. David Cross, an ex-Merchant Marine Deck Officer 
and SGB's Business Development Manager has been involved in the conversion of approximately 
3,000 containers. Stevan Armstrong P. E., retired Assistant Chief of Staff of Operations for the 
Atlantic Seabees and the Company's President and COO, brings extensive design, construction 
experience, and engineering expertise to SG Blocks. Director of Logistics, James Southard, comes 
to SG Blocks following a 30 year career with AP Moller-Maersk, one of the world's largest shipping 
companies. Senior Project Manager, Gary Tave, had a 20+ year career as an officer in the U.S. 
Navy Civil Engineer Corps where he served as a project engineer managing dozens of construction 
projects in Europe as well as South, Central and Latin Americas. 
EFTA00729763
--- PAGE 4 ---
SG BLOCKS 
Page 4 
The SG Blocks system creates durable, rugged steel framed buildings that will outlast its 
conventional peers. They are less susceptible to moisture damage and provide full compliance with 
design codes related to the dynamic forces of wind. Inherent logistical control and expansive 
geographic coverage both support rapid and efficient deployment while multiple modes of 
transportation enhance deployment options. Stronger, safer and greener than any alternatives on 
the market, the comprehensive SG Blocks approach provides a durable, stackable, expandable and 
economical solution to meet and exceed all the needs of today's residential and commercial building 
markets. 
Health Clinic Prototype 
EFTA00729764
--- PAGE 5 ---
-tithalbabt
I 
o
i
A
'HUHU 
_ 
Immo 
EFTA00729765
--- PAGE 6 ---
 I 
EFTA00729766
--- PAGE 7 ---
SG BLOCKS 
Page 7 
SG Blocks and Lot-Ek developed a 
new mobile concept store "Drive, 
Drop and Shop" for PUMA. These 
stores debuted at the South Street 
Seaport to celebrate World Cup 2010 
through mid-July 
EFTA00729767

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729768.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 01 A 
Gensler 
Project 
Description 
Prepared by 
Project Number 
Little St. James 
05.7112.000 
ismiefilev 
Floor Plan: Conversion of Living Room to Screening Room 
Beale 
I /4"— P-0" 
4.
PROJECTION 
BOOTH ENTRY 
SCREENING ROOM 
ENTRY 
LADDER TO BOOTH 
PROJECTION BOOTH 
EL. 64'-0" 
Date 
UPPER LEVEL 
SEATING 
EL. 60'-0" 
SCREENING ROOM 
EL. 59'-0" 
August 13, 2010 
SPEAKERS 
18' WIDE BY 10' HIGH SCREEN 
ENTRY TO 
SPE4KER CHASE 
a 2010 Belisle, 
Nu35 ?I oour.AastetNano_oe so.ng 
s 
BOla dog 
g-0" 
1W-11" 
4.-1" 
Sawa Alaska 
2500 Broadway 
Subs 300 
Cblifomia 90404 
Tel: 310.449.5600 
Fm: 310.4494850 
EFTA00729768

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729769.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 01 A 
Gensler 
Project 
Little St. James 
Project Number 
05.7112.000 
Description 
Floor Plan: Conversion of Living Room to Screening Room 
Prepared by 
r 
J 
2500 Broadway 
Sadie 300 
Cblifemia 90404 
Tel: 310.449.5600 
Fox: 310.4494950 
Ca 2010 Belisle, 
N105 7I 1 0WCNYSoetNanooe 
s 
ICOla dug 
3/16"=F-0" 
7=, 
PROJECTION 
BOOTH ENTRY 
PROJECTION BOOT 
EL. 64'-0" 
V-0" 
CIO 
SCREENING ROOM 
ENTRY 
LADDER TO BOOTH 
UPPER LEVEL 
SEATING 
EL 60'-0" 
6-0" 
r 
SCREENING ROOM 
EL. 59.-0" 
13'4" 
24'-0" 
E 
SF 
SPEAKERS 
18' WIDE BY 10' 
HIGH SCREEN 
TRY TO 
EAKER CHASE 
Issue/Rev 
Date 
August 16, 2010 
Sawa Mo.ake 
EFTA00729769

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729770.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 01 B 
Gensler 
Project 
°monodon 
Little St. James 
Section: Conversion of Living Room to Screening Room 
Prepared by 
Seale 
Project Number 
Issue/Rev 
Date 
05.7112.000 
I /4"—l'-0" 
August 13, 2010 
PROJECTOR 
PROJECTION BOOTH 
EL. 641-0" 
LADDER TO PROJECTION 
BOOTH BEYOND 
- 
2_J 
-a 
/ 
/ 9 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
SPEAKER 
CHASE 
®2050 Gensler 
tti057II2000FABStelasalb000 Solemn RWm$bdiefsu-0l0dng
UPPER LEVEL 
SEATING 
EL. WI-0" 
SCREENING ROOM 
EL. 591-0" 
18' WIDE BY 10' HIGH SCREEN 
SPEAKERS 
Soma Vat 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
California 90404 
Tel: 310.449.5600 
Fax: 310.4494850 
EFTA00729770

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729771.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 01 B 
Gensler 
Project 
Little St. James 
°monodon 
Prepare(' by 
Section: Conversion of Living Room to Screening Room 
Seale 
3/16"—F-0" 
PROJECTOR 
PROJECTION BOOTH 
EL. 64t0" 
LADDER TO PROJECTION 
BOOTH BEYOND 
M I 
I 
I 
— 4 
L —J 
I 
I 
r-i 
-4 
I 
I 
rl 
/ 
SPEAKER 
CHASE 
SCREENING ROOM 
EL. 591-0" 
UPPER LEVEL SEATING 
EL. 601-0" 
802010 Gensler 
'MS ?I 12 000FABStelased01008 Solemn 
F-Olb dreg 
18' WIDE BY 10' HIGH SCREEN 
SPEAKERS 
Project Number 
Issue/Rev 
Date 
05.7112.000 
August 16, 2010 
Soma Vat 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
California 90404 
Tel: 310.449.5600 
Fax: 310.4494850 
EFTA00729771

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729772.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 02 A 
Gensler 
Project 
Little St. James 
Project Number 
05.7112.000 
Description 
Prepared by 
Plan and Section of new Screening Room 
Sale 
DN 
-.47- • 
11161'=F-0" 
PLANTER 
% 
, teXMS 91/20444 1432251 ' 
EXISTING RESIDENCE 
PLANTER 
OFFICE 
STORAGE 
FLOOR PLAN 
GARDEN 
issurollev 
Date 
...••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••M 
.................... 
 a. 
i i 
' I 
fl E 
vs
- C.-1 a i
--
* 
ENTRY 
SMEENING ROOM 
rE
a
o_r4+,4i, 
a
• 
IBS 
OS 
August 16, 2010 
ENTRY 
li 
•1.t  
MECHANICAL 
SECTION 
SCREENING ROOM 
Sawa Monica 
2010 Gensler 
MO 7112 002•En0Sieroxin201000 Sowing Rc0rnSIWIGSISK-024 (MS 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Catania 90404 
TM 310.449.5600 
Fax: 310.449-5850 
EFTA00729772

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729773.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 02 B 
Gensler 
Project 
Project Number 
Description 
Little St. James 
Floor Plan: Screening Room 
05.7112.000 
Prepared by 
stele 
3/16"=F-0" 
Date 
August 16 2010 
 1—
LANDING 
EL. 59'-0" 
17-6" 
10'-6" 
5-0" 
5-0" 
20'-0" 
5-2" 
DN 
LIVING ROOM/ 
ENTRY 
EL. 59.-0" 
J 
PROJECTION 
BOOTH 
EL. 59'-0" 
UPPER LEVEL 
SEATING 
EL. 55-0" 
UPPER LEVE_ 
SEATING 
EL. 54'-0" 
SCREENING ROOM 
EL. 55-0" 
• 
1..C2 
CV 
SPEAKER 
CHASE 
EL. 55-0" 
2010 Gensler 
rt10.5 7112000C4OStestesC010_0(1 Sew.) 9com Sitkiest$K469 des 
O 
O 
SPEAK 
25' WID 
HIGH S 
S 
BY 15-6'
RE N 
O 
O 
00 &modesty 
Suite 300 
Soma Alonica 
Catifomia 90104 
Tel: 310.449.5600 
Fax: 510.449_5850 
EFTA00729773

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729774.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sketch Number 02 C 
Gensler 
Project 
Project Number 
o.eeripbn
Little St. James 
Section at Screening Room 
Prepared by 
Seale 
3/16"-F-0" 
PROJECTION BOOTH 
EL. 5Y-0" 
ENTRY 
LZ ZZ
MECHANICAL 
EL. 41-0" 
Issue!Rev 
Date 
UPPEWL 
EL. 55' 
2010 Canals, 
Na3571i2oour.AasterAmo_oe so.ng 
s 
s42,,s9
▪ 
' 25▪ ' WIDE BY 13'-6" 
HIGH SCREEN 
SPEAKER CHASE 
PLATFORM 
EVEL SEATING 
- 
L. 54'-0'' 
SCREENING ROOM 
EL. 53I-0" 
CV 
05.7112.000 
August 16, 2010 
Sawa Alaska 
2300 Broadway 
Salsa 300 
Califomia 90404 
Tel: 310.449.5600 
Fu: 310.4494850 
EFTA00729774

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729775.pdf
----------------------------------------
NOTES 
EDGE OF DESK 
TO ALIGN WITH 
INNER WINDOW 
FRAME. 
DESK LAMP  
EDGE OF DFSK 
TO ALIGN \\ 
I 
INNER WINDOW 
FRAME 
SISAL RUG 
10'-6" x 1F-6" 
PLAN 
1/2"= V-0" 
owner. in.... noun gel ri.• 
•4 4 • 
YitIno o m M.TN 
dna et Trans •tomwtainn 
MOLYNEUX 
II 0 1.4•0101MOILC WTI ROMMIlli 
It(
moat N ot ION ro. P2 IY IC. Bn 1/.Y.FYY 
LSJ Office Pavilion 
NS. leg 0lt01 
ASNOTED 
DetIOVEMBell15.211M 
.MO. 
SARAH'S OFFICE 
MAN 
SK-1 
EFTA00729775

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729776.pdf
----------------------------------------
NOTES 
PROPOSED 
MATERIALITY: 
LIGHT OAK 
6'-3" 
4" 
v-43/4" 
1'-4%" 
2'-9%" 
334,. 
, 
, 
4, 
, 
DRAWER 
DRAW: FR 
OPEN CUBBY 
(li 
\ 
__ _ 
L PU
-
\ 
EN1 
PM 
CUSTOM DESK ELEVATION 
1-1/2"= l'-0" 
OPEN CUBBY 
NVELOPE STORAGE) 
LL-OUT TRAY 
CIL DRAWER 
REMOVABLE LEG, TYP. 
INSOIAI•Ii.M.ONT 
PIP 
IISIIMISLII4 
MILT n.train 
n !MT 
/ 111,M 
ISAY ,  V 1:10, 0.• 
I.IWOLUTIN 
4.106 , 1•Ir ,
nit 'TO.. 
Y111001••••. PSI 4.1A), 
P.... 
PIVX,TIN . 
•• • 
041 •10
,
. 
PIO 
%TV OA IT 
.1.1•710 ,
4•Ti'vl
mw 
LITItanad• 
a& IIIVIYMM.I.•••••Tal. 
TIT CIIM 
M. Minn 
MOLYNEUX 
n1 1.4•0101MOILC 
WTI ROMMIlli 
a 
I a 10)22 
moat N of IOP ro. P2 fP IC. Mdf•••••••.• 
LSJ Office Pavilion 
N" 1` 
01101 
Ow. 
AS NOTED 
"larantant am. 
• 
tic 
SARAH'S OFFICE 
cvsmu DESK 
SIC 3 
EFTA00729776

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729777.pdf
----------------------------------------
NOTES 
PROPOSED 
MATERIALITY: 
LIGHT OAK 
M 
DRAWER 
PENCIL DRAWER 
PULL-OUT TRAY 
REMOVABLE LEG, TYP. 
1'-93/4" 
1, 4" 
11-9%4" 
3'-10Y4 ' 
CUSTOM DESK ELEVATION 
1-1/2"= l'-0" 
MOLYNEUX 
nt 1.4•0101MOILC WTI ROMMIlli a 
I a 10)22 
invest N MOW 
kw P2 
444 Mdf•••••••••• 
h•tt 
LSJ Office Pavilion 
N " 1` 
0,101 
ASNOTED 
"larantant mane 
Swil tic 
SARAH'S OFFICE 
CUSTOM DISK 
SK-4 
EFTA00729777

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729778.pdf
----------------------------------------
 JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
LOCATION: 9 East 71st Street, New York, NY 10021 
AUTOMOBILES 
Yin
II -I-
New York Automobiles 
License 
Stale 
Plate 
Registered I 
 Color 
2006 Bentlpy Arnage RL 
:SCBLE37G26CX19439 
V75 2DS 
Florida 
 i  Black
2010 Cheverolet Suburban 
1GNUKKE30AR251129 
AJH6346 
'Black 
Florida 7 temporarily (will be NY before Jury 31st) 
(temp plate until 8/1/2010) 
. _ 
Mat — 
NONE
AIRCRAFT  
1.1968 Boeing 727 
1974 Gulfstreani G-IIB 
1999 Bell 407  
Registration  I, 
Tail Number Airports 
- 
N908JE 
John F Kennedy International Airport, NY & Newark International Airport, NJ 
— N909JE 
john F Kennedy International Airport, Newark International Airport & Teterboro, NJ 
N491GM 
all 3 airports above plus East 34th Street Heliport - 34th Street & FDR Drive, Wall 
Street Heliport - Pier 6 & FDR Drive & VIP Heliport - West 30th Street & 12th Ave 
2008 Sikorsky S-76 C++ 
N722JE 
 all 3 airports above plus East 34th Street Heliport - 34th Street & FDR Drive, Wall 
-rdtreet Heliport - Pier 6 & FDR Drive & VIP Heliport - West 30th Street & 12th Ave 
CELLPHONE 
4-
-4 
4-
EFTA00729778
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
LOCATION: 358 El Brillo Way, West Palm Beach, FL 33480 
!AIRCRAFT
1968 Boeing 727 
N908JE 
West Palm Beach International 
j_ 
1974 Gulfstream G-IIB 
N909JE 
West Palm Beach International & Boca Raton Airport 
3;1999 Bell 407 
N491GM 
West Palm Beach International & Boca Raton Airport 
412008 Sikorsky S-76 C++ 
 N722JE 
West Palm Beach International & Boca Raton Airport 
i 
State 
Registered 
Color 
AUTOMOBILES 
License 
Plate 
yin # 
New 6riTAiitomoblifo§ 
C16 5S' 
2002 Mercedes Benz S500 
IINDBNG75J02A217037 
' 
Florida 
Black 
2005 Cadillac Escalade 
3GYFK66N45G188335 
Q29 9GT 
Florida 
,Black 
2010 Cheverolet Suburban 
1GNUCKE05AR225550 
White 
BOATS 
1. 2010 Cuddy (Midnight Express) 
2000 Doiiiltuddy 
feet 
feet 
EXK39173J910
Registration 
- 
Tail Number  Airports 
LANDLINES 
561-640-5765 
2.561-655-3144 
3i561-655.4870 
561-655-7626 
561-655-7629 
561-820-8780 
561-832-3816 
561-832-4117 
91561-832-2104 -fax 
101561-805-8663  
CELLPHONE 
561-601-4569 
4-
-t 
EFTA00729779

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729780.pdf
----------------------------------------
STATE OF NEW YORK 
BOARD OF EXAMINERS OF SEX OFFENDERS 
TOWER PLACE 
ALBANY, NEW YORK 12203-3764 
TO: 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
EAST 71ST STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10021 
NYSID# OR BOARD ID # : OS1909 
FROM: 
BOARD EXAMINER, STEPHEN D. WEBER 
RE: 
Board Determination and Risk Level Recommendation 
DATE: 
8/19/2010 
Pursuant to the Nev. York State Sex Offender Registration Act, the Board of Examiners of Sex Offenders has reviewed 
your conviction in another jurisdiction and has determined that you are required to register with the New York State Sex 
Offender Registry. If you haven't already, you will receive a registration form for completion and signature from the New 
York State Division of Criminal Justice Services Sex Offender Registry or, if you are under supervision, from you 
supervising officer. 
Attached for your review is the risk level recommendation made by the Board. The Board has also forwarded its risk 
level recommendation to the Court and District Attorney in the jurisdiction in which you currently reside. 
Please note that all relevant Information considered by the Board has been forwarded to the Court. At least 20 
days prior to the determination proceeding, the Court will send you notification of the date of the hearing. You will be 
advised of the right to be represented by counsel at the hearing and that counsel will be appointed if it is determined that 
you are financially unable to retain counsel. 
This is the final decision of the Board of Examiners of Sex Offenders. If you are aggrieved by this final decision, you 
may commence a proceeding for judicial review in accordance with Article 78 of the Civil Practice Law and Rules. 
EFTA00729780

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729781.pdf
----------------------------------------
PETER R EDELMAN 
WYTORPIEVATIJM 
110 EAST )9THSTREET 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10022 
DATE: 
pr.rAR DELIVER TO: 
RECIP ::4T'S FAX NUMBER: 
CC: 
CLIEN 
MATTER NUMBER: 
TOTAL UMBER OF PAGES: 
September 02, 2010 
Darren K. I yke, Esq. 
is Ian Barthod 
Epstein w. Fancelli 
Cover plus 2 
Please see attached 
.2SIMILE ONLY  
C
.:GINAL BY 
FCM 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS TRANSMISSION IS 
ATTORNEY .CLIENT PRIVILEGED AM) CONFIDENTIAL AAV 
INTENDED ONLY FOR THE laND4D RECIPIENTS. IF THE 
READER OF THIS TRANSMISSION IS NOT THE MANED 
RECIPIENT, YOU ARE hEREBY NOTIFIED THAT ANY 
DISSEN7NATZoN, 
D7sTRILMION 
OR 
COPY 
OF 
THE 
COWIUN/C.ATTOW IS STRICM PROHIBITED. IF YOU RAVE 
RECEIVED THIS CCIONK/CA ION ZN ERROR, PLEASE AKYRIFY 
1W BY TELEPHONE AND RETURN THE TRANSMISSION BY U.S. 
POSTAL SERVICE. THANK YOU. 
USE 07 FACSIMILE DOSS NOT AUTHORIZE, NOR COleENT 
To, SERVICE OF LEGAL PAPERS ON PETER P. =EWAN. 
ESQ., BY PACSINTLE.CPLR 2I03(b) (5) REQUIRES PRIOR 
AUTHORIZATION OR AGREEMENT POR SUCH SERVICE AND 
BAKE IS NOT GIVEN. 
EFTA00729781
--- PAGE 2 ---
PETER 
EDELMAN 
ATTOA tY AT LAW 
H0 EAST.9tH STREET 
NEW YORK, 
YORK 10022 
September 02, 2010 
By Facsiz 
And First 
Darren K. 
301 East 
New Yeti 
I: Transmission: 
4sS Mall 
i::lyke, Esq. 
Street, 108 
dew York 10065 
Dear Mr. 
oske: 
Re: 
Epstein w. 
WITHO 
ancelli Paneling, Inc. 
REND C 
I am trial counsel for Fancell 
to our tel 
-Lone conversation of this wee 
transrninci y facsimile transmission dated A 
Please note that this letter is 
letter, not is tents are admissible in a c 
commence :y Jeffrey Epstein against Fan 
preclude ii 'posing counterclaims or affi 
contradict/ . to the terms hereof. 
First, Punch List Items desi 
transznittec 
me for reference to the fabricat 
Second, Punch List Items de 
March, 20 
Please photograph the conditio 
Client. 
Third, Punch List Item desi 
to me for r nal to my Client for response. I 
submitted t Aolyneux did not provide for 
Fourth, Punch List kern desi 
Order with 
:lyneux, as both sides of the sl 
Fifth, Punch List Items desi 
Purchase O r r with Molyneux. 
Paneling, Inc. This letter is written in response 
and to your Indyke "Complaint" Punch List 
gust 23, 2010. 
smutted "without prejudice" and neither this 
urn proceeding, should such a proceeding be 
li Paneling Inc. The terms of this letter do not 
tive defenses in such an action which may be 
ated 1, 2, 3, and 4 should be photographed and 
for explanation and response to you. 
rated 5, 6, 7, and 8 refer to items repaired in 
s and transmit same to me for response by my 
tad 9 should be photographed and transmitted 
did note that I am advised that the CAD Plans 
trical decorative holes patterns. 
ated 10, is outside the scope of the Purchase 
g panels were to receive leather upholstery. 
ted 12 and 13 are outside the scope of the 
EFTA00729782
--- PAGE 3 ---
Darren K 
wlyke, Esq. 
Septembi .I2, 2010 
Page -2-
Sixth, Punch List Item desi atted 11 is vague and a response requires a far 
more del id, technical explanation to un erstand what is sought, so that my Client can 
respond 
:ther the work requested is wi in the scope of our Purchase Order and can be 
accomplis d technically. Information is r quired, as well, as to what and by whom the 
=echoic 
work that was done was pelf rmed. I recommended that we agree upon an 
acceptable 
cutral expert to review the final 
'ption of this Rem and if performed by my 
Client, e 
neutral's determination wheth 
the work was performed substantially in 
accordanc • rith the agreed upon description ould be binding. 
In this latter regard, there re 
ins the matter of an outstanding balance due 
my Client 
rider the conditions of the ori 'nat Purchase Order and if my client were to 
perform e 
tquested work, the matter of rei bursements and fee for same must be resolved, 
as well. 
PFE:ernaalimei 
. 
cc: 
Mr 'vistian Barthod 
Do I i. Glasgow, Esq. 
tru 
er F. Edelman 
EFTA00729783

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729784.pdf
----------------------------------------
2010-09-14 09:42 
Law Offices 
2129836008 » 
P 2/2 
LAW OFFICES OF 
JAY GOLDBERG, 
250 PARK AVENUE 
TWENTIETH FLOOR 
NEW YORK. NY 10177-0077 
ATTORNEY-CLIENT PRIVILEGED 
MEMO 
TO: 
Darren Indyke 
Peter Edelman 
FROM: 
Jay Goldberg 
DATE: 
September 14, 2010 
RE: 
Molyneux, Epstein and Fancelli 
We should all be anxious to resolve this matter. I think Darren should call 
Peter; and Peter you should call Darren, to coordinate a time and place so 
that we can advise Jeffrey. I will see to it that Molyneux is there shortly 
before completion of the work. There is no reason that this case should 
proceed. And so I ask you both to try to reach each other to work this out. 
EFTA00729784

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729785.pdf
----------------------------------------
BEAR 
STYRNS 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMMA' INC 
CO AMERICAN YACH1 HARBOR 
• 
8100 RED HOOK SJITE 8.3 
QUARTERS $2 
ST THOMAS VI 00802 
Page 1 of 1 
EQUITIES AND OPTIONS 
ONCE mArtms Tou8AcCouNT 
Bete. Steams & CO. INC 
3613 Mathes, Avenue 
10179 
Processing Date 
Account Number 
Account EtecLtne 
CONFIRMATION 
WE ARE PLEASED TO CONFIRM THE FOLLOWING TRANSACTION(S) 
CT CARED INROVWi ITS 
WHOLLY Ow*O SUIISIDARY 
Pam Mews Smalltm OW. 
Momleen Ceenve Mem 
no enter, Nen Took 112014:MD 
11730/04 
038-66056 X72 
ZICHERMAN iRA 
Taft 
Settlement 
Bought' 
Smoot/ 
Tonle 
CIMe 
Dale 
Selo 
Desuipilea 
CLOW 
Cumin 
lento 
Monty Nat 
Menet Amount 
llpt 
MC 
Murat / 
11/30/04 
12/03.C4 
Bought 
BEAR STEARNS COMPANIES INC 
BSC 
300,000 
97.15 
Principal 
29,145.000 00 
Mrgn 
34190 
UNSOLICITED 
073002108 
CommInson 
18.000.00 
SEAR. $TWJIS Am. Lt. IS A
all 
5.00 
SUMMAR, OF THE iSSUER. 
N:reZEItiti 
WitN.O0g:gg 
ti r 
j. 
.yn 
• '1:77e 
EFTA00729785
--- PAGE 2 ---
B&\R 
STURNS 
zINANCIAL MUST COMPAN14C 
CIO MAERCANNAOU NARSOR 
8300 RED HOOK SJ1E 8.3 
QJAEIEFIS 02 
ST THOMAS VI CO/302-13uE 
Late 1 or 
EQUITIES AND OPTIONS 
Tradt 
Dale 
:lin- 1. > 
re:VCS 
Da.s
i 
SEAR STEARNS COMPANIES INC 
8LAR SlEARNS ACO AC. 4 A 
SasGun of -Pt ISS.Itn 
SrinelneM 
Rout., 
DxC 
Saw 
4 : I.:. • 
Sn'. i.e."' &C .nc. 
582 ;Aso son AICue 
Mew Yon,. New von( L0.170 
/2:2) 272 2CGC 
&sulpha 
*-;t1. 
T come:: •sscik1. 
Sow Mae. Neal.* Cap 
t.-Snare. OW. %rr 
Soalyske. vet :17,:n.ar.. 
Notossng Date 
7/14/06 
Ay% oft NufilDel 
038-61056 /07 
Ica XI Elecutre 
I:CHEM/AN IRA 
1217) 7774185 
CONFIRMATION 
WE ARE PLEASED TO CONFIRM THE FOLLOWING TRANSACTION(S) 
Sistat. 
CUSIP 
DSC 
2iC.LIOC 
1C.5.2:1 
0732021CS 
Inge 
Oan'IS 
lark. 
Ilona INur 
Monet Name 
hyr 
MC 
haw/ 
20.5S2.C3C 
C sir 
5:584
15.030.CC 
Serve' CPS _ 
_ 
•O3
%Er Affe,M 
2S.S6t 038 Ch 
EFTA00729786
--- PAGE 3 ---
BEAR 
STMRNS 
RNANPAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
CO AMERICAN YACHT HARBOR 
6100 RED HOOK SUTE 8-3 
QUAVERS *2 
ST THOPAASIA 00802-1348 
Page 1 oft 
EQUMES AND OPTIONS 
UT fiCa SERNOTC YOUR ACCOUNT 
Beat. Steams &Co. Inc. 
383 Maciaon kenue 
New York, New York 10179 
(21.2) 272.2000 
Prooessog Date 
Account Number 
Insestment Profess:0ml 
CONFIRMATION 
WE ARE PLEASED TO CONFIRM THE FOLLOWING TRANSACTION(S) 
CALMED Ink0i1Dt ITS 
CliMADASSICUJte 
Sre.144n5404~ 
One usarfs.Car awe, 
efustiss.Is.yeK sum:as% 
(211I 2724010 
3/14/08 
030-660b6 R72 
Z/CHERMAND7A 
(212) 2724189 
The rencarci~ 
Bear Deane ttiSCI are clam trr certain seurrelot coded by 
8SC Lion/ RetruaroS DeDithe wet. Ile NM Meg warroem{ lire Weds total mad rennet to ne other stases cwirsrel IN Put Aimkta, Trio ken tor ilat 
weakening valves is an room. 0 . thapaironwe - Paw Perform to . tamerpnnew fes iesein ruing mpreseate ma ram et ene ~rose vent«, Stele* Po the eeetijeg timIdar male( war. TM Wide ne vector mensal Mkt": 
MO 
Maser Denvcent; MW - Mott Pretest MU . Made( ainkewe)te In cad when (be BSC rated Is Wad. IM mow of ak Indopenáln. IWO:any ~di 
POWell MO their main trim 1óo te alfinytd, vitae sues reSearai Is
avaliber. The various pealed we nave. ratings Wilt Mit awl hem nertmaket4 them as foamy B - But; H - MOWS - See (this may not annoy& COMIOCOO areal,» TM axe" max Worn wed Cyst ~Mx or BSC). The ramp 
Inkerripta, conned tame 4 lor ~tonal 
;exposes Del amt is rot intend to male ha beat or Meeha vert and. Bast Stern Is Wale towtina any acme tanee CO aam intalnalnek aa undoes"; any exottanenflaton or °Anton 
tWeglad by any fnaeterdent alimony maanah Homes TM anal - ~Can Ibt coalman moms Cl the WOWS COMSeriV a tertiPararer na Mahe* due IC 
wasare 
traiksenctsre NSODab reSeatt ce tenter. Onntlonles ~fed by Me Anna manta b frAtflabie to Quitman Of Seat Storrs X no out CatOttlen OM' War/ 1114 ~LT 
at  
Or Cilit tl Y We 517-2327 (0 nee Sol 
a oaPe a Mk nneforch ba ten to them 
Dade 
Date 
Settlement 
Dale 
&L OD 
SNa 
/ 
Plaotliftloa 
i 
Oaanatr 
PEW 
(Awn TW• 
MNYN Alta" 
awe 
C 
ale 
TIw1 
Ss« 
03/14/08 
Ca/1998 
Sod 
BEAR STEARNS COMPANIES INC 
uNSOUCTIED 
BEAR STEAMS &CO. INC. IS A 
SUBSIDIARY« muss" 
SEC NOTE S ON BACK 
BSC 
073902108 
73,850 
32.5747 
Panelpal 
2,399,126.60 
C0MIMSSIOn 
4.419.00 
Cash 
64386 
WAMarred 
03/10/08 
03/19,08 
CNOIC 
NC 
LICTTED 
CPS 
170388102 
100.000 
48.2388 
Prima's' 
4.823.880.00 
CCITIIMS5011 
8.003.00 
Fee 
5107
-- QT—
AiketuNr— —431122693 
Cash 
92686 
03/14/08 
03/19708 
Solo 
4T•T 
canon Pmmouve co 
IRMOUCITSD 
SEE NOTE S ON SACK 
BSC RUM: STOCK OMECTOR PAY 
BACTUTCHAM REsearm RATING: S 
a. 
190162103 
25.000 
78.0788 
Principal 
1.90t970.00 
Commasion 
1.500.00 
Poo 
Cash 
85198 
NET AMOUNT 
1.900.4.112 
EFTA00729787
--- PAGE 4 ---
Box 2044 
a ew000. NJ 08701 
MIXED AADC 088 
107416 0017232 170 P2 .410 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY. INC 
 6100 RED HOOK QUARTER 
--==-:==. SUITE 3.3 
ST THOMAS VI 00802 
Merrill Lynch 
Office Serving Your Account 
WFC SOUTH TOWER 35TH FL 
NEW YORK, NY 10281 
(212) 236.0999 
Account Number 
SAX4)7000 
TRADE CONFIRMATION 
4, 
Date: March 14. 2008 
Ne confirm rho following transaction(s) 
the nreeniessi heiow. 
SOLD 
BEAR STEARNS COS INC 
Quantity 
• 
20000 
Price 
34.987600 
Amount 
699752.00 
Trade Date 03114/08 
Processing Fee 
Seit:e Dale 03119100 
Transaction Foe 
7.70 
ML Symbol BSC 
Accrued InterestrDiyidends 
Security II 
08398 
Charge or Mark Up/Down 
1200 00 
Cusio # 
073902108 
NET AMOUNT 
EXECUTED 100% AGENCY EXECUTED 27PC CSE 4PC NYSE 
698544.30 
FA it 
102$ 
UNSOLICITED ORDER PRICE 
TOTAL MERRILL' 
SHOWN IS AN AVERAGE PRICE. DETAILS REGARDING ACTUAL PRICES. REMUNERATION AND 
THE CAPACITY IN WHICH ML ACTED ARE AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST. 
ML ACTED AS AGENT 
SEE ABOVE FOR TRANSACTION DETAILS 
Payment for SeClaritiltS or ether Investment purchased, and delivery of securities or other investments instruments sold, are due on 
SETTLEMENT DATE unless otherwise indicated by a DATE DUE. Delivery on or before settlement dale will avoid premium charges.
Meese preserve this confirmation for incense lax purposes if submitting payment or correspondence, please write your account 
number, shown on the bottom of this page, and forward to 'Merrill Lynch Office Serving your Account'. shown on top right of page 
I 
If you have moved or plan to move, notify your Financial Advisor of year new address 
:count Number. 5AX•07000 
Jb 
Date 03/14:2008 
Page 1 of 2 
EFTA00729788
--- PAGE 5 ---
BEAR 
STD‘RNS 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL 
ATTN HARRY BELLER 
457 MADISON AVENUE 4TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK NY 10022-6843 
Page 1 of 1 
OFFICE SERVICING YOUR ACCOUNT 
Bear. Stearns & Co. Inc. 
383 Mattson Avenue 
New York, New York 10179 
(212) 272-2000 
CONFIRMATION 
CLEW% 
MOLLY O., 
Scar. Sums SW, 
One 1•401/01/4011 CW3/4
9/00.701. NOW Vat 1.1.21/4, 
(21.7) 272-1000 
Processing Date 
Account Number 
Investment Professional 
3/14/08 
042-33431 X72 
ZICHERMAN.IRA 
(212)272-4189 
EQUMES MID OPTIONS 
Dane 
Settlement 
Date 
Date 
Ilemplt/ 
Sold 
WE ARE PLEASED TO CONFIRM THE FOLLOWING TRANSACTION(S) 
8TheeoV 
Deietlptlen 
CUSIn 
Quantity 
Piles 
Money Type 
PAoney Amount 
Type 
C 
hate 
Monmon 
03/14/08 
03/19/08 
d 
Sol
St 
BEARSTEARNS COMPANIES INC 
100.000 
32.0601 
Pnncipal 
3,206,010.00 
Cash 
64377 
UNSOLICITED 
073902108 
Commission 
6.000.00 
BEAN, STEARNS le C.O. INC. ISA 
Fee 
5.27 
SUBSIDIARY OF THE ISSUER. 
SEE NOTE S ON BACK 
NET AMOUNT 
3,199,974.73 
03/14/08 
03/17/08 
Sold 
CALL RESEARCH IN SEP 110 • n• 
QRUU110 
16.60 
Principal 
8,300.00 
Cash 
10663 
aaweer 
EXPIRATION DATE 
76097595 
Commission 
50.00 
UNSOLICITED 
Fee 
0.1Q 
OPEN CONTRACT 
NET AMOUNT 
8,249.90 
EFTA00729789
--- PAGE 6 ---
Box 2044 
ewood. NJ 08701 
MIXED AADC 088 
T07716 0016548 761 P2 .373 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY. INC. 
6100 RED HOOK OUARTER 
SUITE B-3 
ST THOMAS VI 00802 
TRADE CONFIRMATION 
Merrill Lynch 
Office Serving Your Account 
WPC SOUTH TOWER 36TH FL 
NEW YORK, NY 10281 
(212$ 236-0099 
Account Nu tither: 
5AX-07000 
Date: Match 17, 2003 
TOTAL MERRILL-
We confirm the following transaction(s) subject to the agreement below. 
SOLD 
BEAR STEARNS COS INC 
Quantity 
. 
100000 
Price 
3.409500 
Amount 
340950.00 
Trade Date 03,17/08 
Processing Fee 
Settle bate 03.:.'0/08 
Transaction Fee 
3.76 
ML Symbol BSC 
Accrued Interest/Dividends 
Security g 
08398 
Charge or Mark Up/Down 
6000.00 
Cusip h 
073902108 
: 
EXECUTED 100% AGENCY 
. 
EXECUTED 11PC CSE .33PC NYSE 
334946.24 
FA H 
1928 
UNSOLICITED ORDER PRICE 
SHOWN IS AN AVERAGE PRICE. DETAILS REGARDING ACTUAL PRICES, REMUNERATION AND 
THE CAPACITY IN WHICH ML ACTED ARE AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST. ML ACTED AS AGENT 
SEE ABOVE FOR TRANSACTION DETAILS 
Payment for securities or other Investment purchased, and delivery of securities or other Investments Instruments sold, are due on 
SETTLEMENT DATE unless otherwise indicated by a DATE DUE. Delivery on or before settlement date will avoid premium charges. 
Please preserve Otis confirmation ler income tax purposes. If submitting payment or correspondence, please write your account 
number, shown on Me bottom of this page, and forward to 'Merrill Lynch Office Serving your Account'. shown on top right of page 
1. If you have moved or plan to move, notify your Financial Advisor of your now address. 
Account Number: SAX-07000 
MIA? 
Date 031170DM 
Page 1 of 2 
EFTA00729790
--- PAGE 7 ---
414.91/44 
BUR 
STEARNS 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
C/O AMEMCAN YACHT HARBOR 
6100 RED HOOK SUIE B-3 
QUAVERS K2 
ST THOMAS VI 00802.1348 
Page 1 of 2 
EQUITIES AND OPTIONS 
OFFICE SERVICING YOUR ACCOUNT 
Bear. Steams & Co. Inc. 
383 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10179 
012) 272.2000 
CLEARED 111ROUGH RS 
VsSeDaY OWNED SUBSIDIARY 
Beat Meolen SOAIIMOS Cans 
Coe Metsceech OM/ON Nate 
onsowyn sas, vox 1120aalite 
fl .11.000 
Processing Date 
Account Number 
Account Executive 
CONFIRMATION 
WE ARE PLEASED TO CONFIRM THE FOLLOWING TRANSACTION(S) 
10/24/05 
03846056 X72 
ZICHERMAN.IRA 
(212) 272-4189 
The ItSBIIIth ramp for Dear &leans MSC) are Poem Becertain secmtles catered 
tre Firms &way Re-Sea:CO Deparonent. The frst rating repesents me stooKs tore: retam steps to the cater necks covered by that Arehet. The key for the 
SOX* Ballet values is as Mews: 0 - Outperform; P - Peer Peoforrn:U • lederperform. The second Wing Becessects the min tithe coverage universe retake to the regional tondo: rrorket ander. The Wry for Ito sector rating is as follows: MO 
. mast Dremeight; MW = market wen MU = Mosel Urelenreept In cases "there a BSC rating 6 pesem, the name Kan inoesenoenr, minspar5 research provider and their rating may ako be displayed, wnere won research Is weamon. 
The VaISCIM praeldris haw rternared melt ratings systems at Mow. B . Guy: H • How: S • Set The mono ledonnaSan consained berth Is for informational purposes any and is not intended to pun* tax. legal or irmtument Write. Sear 
Stearns is neither wheats any action wen On such elormalco. nor encketing arty recommeroation or opinion messed by my guieserxlent. thisscero research proMet. The symbol - ix:reales that ccellnuagooretage or the subject 
company is tempcad/y rot avabbk due to legal reams. 
Inimpendere, third. party research on certain companies ammo by the Firms research IS avaibbk to customers or Dear Seam[ at no cost. Customers can access Ws research at —awn 
aa (8O0) 517-2327 to repast INT 
a Core or nn mealch be see to MM. 
Trade. 
Settiesent 
Itempt/ 
Date \ 
Date 
Seed 
Desaiotion 
10/24/05 
10/27/05 
Sold 
BEAR STEARNS COMPANIES INC 
UNSOLICITED 
SEAR. STEARNS & CO. INC. IS A 
SUBSIDIARY OF THEIS-5MR. 
VSP 70.4/050 106.26
SP•baV 
ouStP 
/". Crummy 
BSC 
073902108 
( 
100.000
Price 
104.547 
Morey Type 
Wm) Amount 
Type 
MC 
Tad. 
NOWber 
Principal 
Fee 
SeMee Chg 
10,454,700.00 
6.000.00 
437.01 
5.00 
Mrgn 
88096 
NET AMOUNT 
10.448257.99 
EFTA00729791
--- PAGE 8 ---
BEAR 
STEARNS 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
GO AMERICAN YACHT HARBOR 
8100 RED HOOK SUM 8.3 
(WASTERS V2 
ST THOMAS VI 00802'1348 
Rate i or 1 
°Ma WAYKINO YOUR ACCOUNT 
Bear, Steams & Co 'ne. 
383 Manson Avenue 
New York. New York 10179 
(212) 272.2000 
CLEAR ED 1NACWN ns 
IANOUY OARED SUBSIDrAjtv 
Is Zia Lana M. 
OravarAsch teat Nett 
Itaelerndie. Yen 11201 WS 
012. trzocoo 
Pocesse‘ Date 
Account Number 
investment Proiessernes 
CONFIRMATION 
WE ARE PLEASED TO CONFIRM THE FOLLOWING TRANSACTIONS) 
RECEIVED 
AUG 13 2007 
8/5/07 
03846056 X72 
2ICHERMAKIRA 
(212) 2724189 
EQUITIES AND OPTIONS 
Tiede 
Setoomont 
Dale 
Dale 
So upd/ 
Sold 
oeseeketen 
=y ell
—U 
Rate 
Financial Wart Co. 
Poesy TYPI 
Moon Mewl 
71po 
C 
Trade 
Maser 
0846.07 
080947 
Sold 
BEAR STEARNS COMPANIES INC 
unsouCITED 
UAL S7DIRNS &C.o. INC. LS A 
sussumrf or me mutt 
BSC 
073902108 
56,350 
101.3799 
Pereira 
Commission 
5,717,75737 
3.381.00 
87,41 
Cosh 
r" 
48310 
NE! AMOZ 
5)09.289.96 
08435/37 
08039:07 
Sold 
DEERFIELD TMARC OAP CORP 
unSOUerren 
DFR 
244572301 
382.891 
62358 
*maims! 
2,26120654 
Commission 
21,761.46 
Cash 
82238 
NET Amour
ff -c
—ria 
084)6,07 
0809/07 
Sod 
LEHMAN BROTHERS MOLDINGS INC 
UNSOUCOM 
LEH 
524908100 
100.000 
53.1329 
*mime! 
Commisson 
5,313,290.00 
8,000.00 
Casn 
56740 
NET AStUNT 
5,307.2043
1.1.70 
!wt. I.14008  
144 
EFTA00729792
--- PAGE 9 ---
CLEARED THROUGH Its 
VitICALY OOHED SUBSi OVA, 
Mar. Slam. Securell Maw-- ----
One Meuse 
North 
ow Yak 11201.2860 
72.1000 
INANCIAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
es 
Your Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
STATEMENT PERIOD August 1, 2007 
THROUGH 
August 31,1007 
ACCCUIIT NUMBER 
031146056 X72 
TAXPAYER NJMBER On Tile 
. 
Equities & Opt lOns(continued) 
LAST STATEMENT 
July 31, 2007 
••
•• 
casoitirtiow 
atm bayous. 
A001 
TYPE 
QUANTITY 
RAKE 
MARKET 
YALTA 
ISTIMATED 
ANNUAL RAMAT 
ESTIMATED 
YIELD(t) 
COLGATE PALMOLIVE CO 
OW RATING: STOCK CygECTOR MW 
a 
CASH 
66,200 
06.3200 
3,727.184 
80,926 
2.1713 
BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH RATING: is 
ENVIIKINMENTALSOUITIONS 
wcRtDMDE INC 
ESWW 
CASH 
100,000 
0,7000 
70,000 
WYNN RESORTS LTD 
WYNN 
CASH 
160.000 
123.7300 
10.706)300 
BSC RATING: STCOt PrjECTOR MW 
WALL STREET STRATEGIES 
RATING: B 
Total Equities & Options 
$66,113,913 
$175,200 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
$66,113,913 
$175,200 
YOUR PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS ESTIMATED ANNUAL INCOME 
$175,200 
YOUR PRICED PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS 
488,170,083 
Transaction Detail 
INVESTMENT ACTIVITY 
SMLEMEN( 
TRACE 
DATE 
I DATE 
TRANSACTION 
0600,07 oaiosto7 sow 
DISORIPION 
BEAR STEARNS COMPANIES INC 
uNSOUOTEci 
BEAR, STEARNS SCO. INC. ISA 
SUBSIDIARY OF THE ISSUER. 
OREM Wawa 
5,700,288.96 
EFTA00729793

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729794.pdf
----------------------------------------
BEAR 
STEARNS 
FINANCIAL TROS7 ...AIRANY INC 
CO ANERICAN YACHT HARBOR 
6100 RED HOOK SUTE 5.3 
OIMETERS #2 
St 'THOMAS V: 00332.1346 
Rip ion 
EQUITIES AND OPTIONS 
MICE Sett.IND YOUR ACCCEIIII 
Beie. Stains & Co. Inc. 
383 Madsen /hence 
New To 
New Yens 1017D 
'r, cessm4 Dale 
acc:unt Itynter 
Acccont beessne 
CONFIRMATION 
WE ARE PLEASED TO CONFIRM THE FOLLOWING TRANSACTION(S) 
Tut 
- 
Dale
Date 
Seltlesatel 
Bouts* 
SAM 
DeScilptiewl 
SteNPV 
am, 
02.08.05 
02/11/05 
Sold 
BEAR STEARNS COMPANIES INC 
Ala PRIX 51104HEET.M.5 ON RT4 
acsu.u. =NNW TO TOUR Jaw 
BSC 
07300210e 
wsoucaw 
MM. WARM& 
dm. 
A 
StBSDIMN OF IHEiSSIKA 
Eitmenny 
Pike 
100.000 
1034002 
Cl 
C•ele, :MS CIMIT 
Rem. ikons Searrimas an. 
Cotkg...refl. (en. Ntk. 
- 
- 
:12 "c•IRK 
2/ s/ os 
038.66056 X72 
CHERMAN IRA 
Money Type 
Money *Mama 
type 
MC 
nude 
IltYnlus 
Principal 
Can ril tHitio 
SEC fee 
CarorA Olt 
10.300.020.00 
6,000.00 
338.88 
. B.CO_ 
Cash 
33714 
NET AMOUNT 
10.2'33.676.12 
Se 
CD/ VaPtY•I QM `Y'CO1 CEStae tm...rDa 
0," 
• 
in VA. 
...•••• 
EFTA00729794

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729795.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729795.pdf
----------------------------------------
10/20/2010 17:01 
4078415403 
THE FLORIDA BAR 
PAGE 01/02 
IN THE SUPREME COURT OF FLORIDA 
(Before a Grievance Committee) 
TO. 
Bradley James Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, et al 
425 N. Andrews Ave, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301-3268 
IN RE: 
Complaints by Jeffrey Epstein and The Florida Bar 
Against Bradley James Edwards, Attorney No. 542075 
Case No. 2010-50,746(09B) 
OF NO PROBABLE CAU 
A 
LETTER OF ADVICE TO ACCUSED 
The grievance committee has found no probable cause in the above-
you and the complaint was dismissed. 
In November 2009, The Florida Bar began an investigation into the 
Rosenfeldt Adler (RRA). According to a complaint filed by Herbert S 
in Case No. 09-34791-BKC-RBR, dated December 29, 2009, "[a]s p. 
defraud investors, [Scott Walter] Rothstein utilized the RRA offices, R 
his position as an attorney and as an owner and officer of RRA, in 
with existing clients of RRA and RRA's financial institution accounts, 
fraudulent sale of fictitious structured settlements." Thereafter, co 
alleged that you conspired with Mr. Rothstein to encourage plaintiffs to 
against Mr. Epstein to further Mr. Rothstein's Ponzi scheme. 
During the investigation of RRA, the bar discovered that Mr. R 
Rosenfeldt were the only equity shareholders in RRA. Despite 
partners, you held yourself out as a "partner" when you held no equity 
based upon the trust account improprieties at RRA, inquiry was made 
4-1.5 and Chapter 5 of the Rules Regulating The Florida Bar and 
believed during your tenure at the firm that RRA complied with all ap 
to its trust accounts. The bar also became aware of allegations that I 
engaged in actions that constituted violations of campaign finance 
lawyers at RRA were instructed to make political campaign cont 
reimbursed to the lawyer from funds at RRA. 
You responded to the inquiry and indicated generally that you were g 
reflect your legal experience and seniority within RRA. You never he 
partner and were unaware that anyone ever misunderstood that you 
Although you were familiar with the rules regarding trust accounts, yo 
any bank account at RRA and were not privy to the trust account 
ferenced matter against 
dissolution of Rothstein 
ttin, Chapter 11 Trustee, 
of his Ponzi Scheme to 
A lawyers and staff, and 
ition to his relationship 
n order to effectuate the 
plainant Jeffrey Epstein 
ring meritless civil suits 
tein and Stuart Alan 
having only two equity 
terest in RRA. Further, 
ether you had read Rule 
hether you reasonably 
icable rules with respect 
ers at RRA may have 
w. It was alleged that 
butions that were then 
en the title "partner" to 
yourself out as an equity 
were an equity partner. 
were not a signatory on 
ecords. You generally 
EFTA00729795
--- PAGE 2 ---
10/20/2010 17:01 
4828415403 
THE FLORIDA BAR 
PAGE 02/02 
observed that RRA appeared to have a professional structure and st 
trust funds. You denied having knowledge of any trust account irre 
accounts of Mr. Rothstein fleeing the United States and thereafter be 
You denied misrepresenting the value of claims against Mr. Epstei 
plaintiffs in the actions against Mr. Epstein commenced a year befo 
RRA and continues. 
You denied that you were ever reimburs 
contributions or that you were ever asked to do so. 
Rule 3-2.1(j) of the Rules Regulating The Florida Bar defines "probabl 
by an authorized agency that there is cause to believe that a member of 
of misconduct justifying disciplinary action." Here, the Committee co 
cause to believe that your conduct justified disciplinary action. 
Although the Committee did not find that your actions rose to a viola( 
The Florida Bar, the Committee members would caution you that 
situations and communications that could lead to confusion or 
attorneys who possess trust property or use a trust account are under a 
the safety of the property held in trust and compliance with the rule -
The Committee understands that there is a national practice where 
firms use the title "partner." The Committee did not find any credib 
ever reimbursed for making campaign contributions or that you were e 
The Committee would direct you to review with care the Rules Regu 
1.15 A lawyer shall comply with The Florida Bar Rules Regulating 
partner in a law firm, and a lawyer who individually or together wi 
comparable managerial authority in a law firm, shall make reasonabl 
firm has in effect measures giving reasonable assurance that all lawy 
Rules of Professional Conduct; 5-1.1 Trust Accounts; and, 5-1.2 Trus 
Procedures. 
This letter of advice does not constitute a disciplinary record against 
not subject to appeal by you. Rules Regulating The Florida Bar 3-7.4 
purged from the discipline records and the file destroyed one year fro 
committee action. 
Dated this  ark  day of ..737u,n,:--s,, 
, 2010. 
NINTH JUDICIAL (ARC 
GR1 
for the management of 
ularities before the news 
g prosecuted criminally. 
Your representation of 
you began working for 
for making campaign 
cause" as "[aj finding 
e Florida Bar is guilty 
d not find probable 
of the Rules Regulating 
I attorneys should avoid 
isinformation. 
Further, 
ontinuing duty to ensure 
regarding trust accounts. 
n-equity partners in law 
evidence that you were 
r asked to do so. 
ting The Florida Bar: 4-
st Accounts; 4-5.1(a) A 
other lawyers possesses 
efforts to ensure that the 
s therein conform to the 
Accounting Records and 
u for any purpose and is 
). This complaint will be 
the date of the grievance 
rr 
.E "B" 
THEODS 
DAVID ES 
cc: 
Kenneth H. P. Bryk, Bar Counsel 
Jeffrey Epstein, Complainant 
S, ACTING CHAIR 
EFTA00729796

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729797.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729797.pdf
----------------------------------------
2:09 PM 
11/04/10 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of November 4, 2010 
Date 
Num 
Name 
10000 • Bank 
10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
Memo 
Amount 
Balance 
-
-
-
•
68,270.38 
68.270.38 
10/28/2010 
Wire 
Pro Concrete Pumping 
invoice #1022 
-2,100.00 
66.170.38 
10/28/2010 
Wire 
Ponce Plaza 
135 Trees and i., 
-21,912.50 
44257.88 
10/28/2010 
Wire 
Ismail Linen' do A8I Development LW 
-3,625.00 
40.632.88 
10/280010 
Wire 
Big Bear Construction Inc. 
-113.852.75 
-73,219.87 
10/28/2010 
Wire 
Pactrans Air 8 Sea Inc. 
-345.55 
-73.565.42 
10/28/2010 
Deposit 
1,000,000.00 
926.43458 
10/28/2010 
Wire 
LSJ, LLC 
-280000.00 
646,434.58 
10/28/2010 
Deposit 
560.11 
646,994.69 
11/1/2010 
Wire 
Chase Credit Card LSJ 
-115.000.00 
531.994.69 
11/1/2010 
Direct 
American Express Gold Card 3718-4636. 
Account # 3718 ... 
444.08 
531,150.61 
11/2/2010 
Wire 
Darren K Indyke PLLC 
-250,000.00 
281,150.61 
11/2/2010 
Wire 
Cabinet Experton SPRL 
Retainer for Oct... 
-2.363.81 
278,786.80 
11/2/2010 
Wire 
Cambridge Mercantile Corp. 
-21.912.50 
256,874.30 
11/2/2010 
Wire 
Larry Visoski 
-600000 
250.874.30 
11/2/2010 
Wire 
Troutman Sanders LLP 
-20.000.00 
230.874.30 
11/2/2010 
Wire 
The 2007 Jeffrey Epstein Ins. Trust #3 
-9.400.00 
221,474.30 
11/2/2010 
Wire 
Island Tile and Marble LLC 
-2.550.07 
218.924.23 
11/2/2010 
Wire 
Atlerbury. Goldberger 8 Weiss, PA 
-26,619.25 
192,304.98 
1112/2010 
Wire 
International Freight Logistics Ltd. 
Inv 10324 
-165.00 
192,139.98 
11/2/2010 
Deposit 
20.42 
192.160.40 
11/3/2010 
Wire 
Miserey Alain 
3000 Euros 
4.000.00 
189.160.40 
11/3/2010 
Wire 
Ryan Dionne 
inv 217 
-3,125.00 
188,035.40 
1113/2010 
Wire 
LSJ, LLC 
-52,000.00 
134,035.40 
11/3/2010 
Wire 
Calypso Realty. It 
Escrow 
November rent... 
-4,067.71 
129.967.69 
11/3/2010 
Wire 
American Export 
pany 
LSJ inv# R101... 
-18,717.02 
111,250.67 
11/412010 
Trans... 
Jeffrey Epstein 
40.000.00 
61,250.67 
Total 10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
-7.019.71 
61,250.67 
Total 10000 • Bank 
-7,019.71 
61,250.67 
TOTAL 
-7,019.71 
61,250.67 
Page 1 
EFTA00729797

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729798.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729798.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOCO INTERNATIONAL PLC 
("SOCO" or the "Company") 
HALF YEAR REPORT FOR 
THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2010 
SOCO, the FTSE 250 oil & gas exploration and production company with interests in 
Vietnam, Thailand, the Republic of Congo (Brazzaville), the Democratic Republic of Congo 
(Kinshasa) and Angola today announced its Halt Year results for the period ended 30 June 
2010. 
Highlights 
Commenced four well exploration and appraisal drilling programme targeting 700 
million barrels. 
TGT development is on track - Phase Ito come on stream at 50,000 BOPD in mid 
2011. 
Production of 5,191 BOEPD. 
Operational programme fully funded through $258 million cash position at 30 June 
2010. Balance sheet further strengthened with post period Thailand sale. 
Enquiries 
SOCO International plc 
Roger Cagle 
Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial 
Pelham Bell Pottinger 
James Henderson 
Evgeniy Chuikov 
Page 1 
EFTA00729798
--- PAGE 2 ---
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S STATEMENT 
During the first half of 2010 the Company was focused on two major initiatives—removing 
the capital uncertainty associated with the potential redemption of $250 million of 
convertible bonds and gearing up for the most important phase of the most active drilling 
programme in its history. The former was addressed by an oversubscribed share placing 
in January wherein gross proceeds of £102 million were raised. The latter was addressed 
wherein rigs were contracted for the major drilling programmes in Vietnam and the 
Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and drilling got underway. 
Funds raised from the share placing were sufficient to meet the $166 million required to 
accommodate those bond holders who opted to exercise the one time put option and 
redeem the associated bonds in May. Following the placing and redemption of the bonds 
and with cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents exceeded $258 million at 
June 2010. 
The core of the most active exploration and appraisal drilling campaign in the Company's 
history commenced in June when the appraisal well Te Giac Den 2X ("TGD-2X") began 
drilling. This was followed in July when the first of a three to four well exploration 
programme onshore in the DRC commenced with the spudding of the Nganga-1 well. 
These drilling programmes alone are targeting mean, unrisked exploration potential 
upwards of 700 million barrels of recoverable crude oil, with the potential net effect on the 
Company in the 450 million barrel range should they all be successful. 
The drilling progamme also includes the important first phase of development/appraisal 
drilling in the Te Giac Trang ("TGT") field and a phase II development well in the Ca Ngu 
Vang ("CNV") field offshore Vietnam. TGT drilling began on 17 August after the jacket of 
the unmanned platform was installed earlier in the month. The drilling programme will be 
continuous until the rig is moved off the jacket in mid-2011 to allow for the hook-up phase 
in anticipation of a mid-year start up of production operations. The Phase II development 
injector well in CNV was designed to maintain reservoir pressure to allow higher 
production rates from the field. Thus far, the injectivity reaction has been favourable and 
at the high end of the anticipated range. 
With production averaging 5,191 barrels of oil equivalent per day ("BOEPD") combined 
from its South East Asia assets, the Group reported a first half after tax profit of $12.0 
million. Capital expenditures were $51.6 million in the first half. With consideration for the 
continuing exploration and development programme, the Directors do not recommend a 
dividend. 
Page 2 
EFTA00729799
--- PAGE 3 ---
OPERATIONS 
The most active drilling programme in the Company's history has advanced through the first 
half of 2010 with operations activities focused on the Cuu Long Basin, offshore Vietnam, and 
on the Nganzi Block, onshore the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kinshasa). 
SOUTH EAST ASIA 
VIETNAM 
The Company's interests in Vietnam are Block 16-1 and Block 9-2 in the Cuu Long Basin. 
This is a shallow water, near shore, oil rich basin defined by several high profile producing oil 
fields, the largest being the Bach Ho field, which lies adjacent to both the Blocks. Bach Ho 
has produced more than one billion barrels of oil to date. 
Block 16-1 
Te Giac Trang 
During the first half of the year, preparations were underway to commence Phase I of the 
TGT Field development and appraisal well drilling programme. First oil remains targeted for 
mid-2011 with production from this first phase of development expected to be approximately 
50,000 barrels of oil per day ("BOPD"). 
Tenders for a number of long lead items have been issued and the conversion of the floating 
production, storage and offloading vessel is underway in Singapore. Fabrication of the jacket 
for the unmanned offshore platform has been completed and the jacket has been installed 
offshore on the northernmost H1 fault block. Fabrication of the topsides on the initial 
unmanned wellhead platform is ongoing. 
Drilling of the initial development/appraisal wells will be conducted from this platform with the 
jack up drilling rig, PV Drilling-1, owned and operated by PV Drilling, which was secured in 
July 2010 with a contract commitment for seven wells with four six month extension options. 
The first well was spud on 17 August 2010. The first phase of the development drilling 
programme will be continuous. 
Te Giac Den 
Drilling of the TGD-2X appraisal well is continuing. The well is currently at approximately 
4,390 metres and is anticipated to reach the objective section within days. With the 
difficulties encountered in the prior TGD drilling campaign and with safety being a paramount 
concern, this well has been designed with a very fundamental "belt and braces" approach. 
The TGD-2X is being drilled by the jack up rig Maersk Convincer on a sole risk basis and is 
targeting reserves (P50) of circa 100 million barrels in the supravolcanics interval that was 
briefly tested in the initial discovery well. The TGD Appraisal Area encompasses an area of 
150 square kilometres including the high pressure, high temperature discovery well, TGD-
1X-ST1, on Prospect E and the analogous E South Prospect. This area borders the southern 
boundary of the TGT field. 
Block 9-2 
Ca Ngu Vang 
The CNV Field is currently producing at approximately 11,000 BOEPD, comprising 7,500 
BOPD and 20 million standard cubic feet of gas and gas liquids per day. Production from the 
CNV Field was resumed in early February 2010 after a two month suspension due to a 
pipeline inspection gauge becoming stuck in the production line that connects the CNV 
platform to the Bach Ho production platform. 
In April 2010, Phase II of the CNV Development Drilling Programme began with the 
commencement of the CNV-6P-ST1 well by the jack up rig, Offshore Resolute. This well 
was converted to a water injector well to provide early water flooding, which would enable 
Page 3 
EFTA00729800
--- PAGE 4 ---
plateau production to be reached and avoid gas breakthrough. Indications are that the 
reservoir has reacted well to the pressure maintenance. The operator of the CNV Field, the 
Hoan Vu Joint Operating Company, is considering drilling an additional producing well, which 
would eventually be converted to a water injector, in late 2010 or the first half of 2011. 
THAILAND 
Bualuang field 
In July 2010, the Company announced it had entered into a conditional sale and purchase 
agreement for the sale of its wholly owned subsidiary SOCO Thailand LLC ("SOCO 
Thailand") to Salamander Energy plc for an initial value of US$105 million (subject to certain 
financial adjustments), plus contingent cash consideration of US$1 million, and an effective 
date of 1 January 2010. SOCO Thailand is a 99.9993% shareholder of SOCO Exploration 
(Thailand) Co Limited, the entity that holds the Group's 40% interest in the Bualuang Field, 
offshore of Thailand. 
Following the side-track of three existing slant production wells and their conversion to 
horizontal production wells in May of this year, the field is back to normal production. 
Production from Bualuang net to the Company's working interest averaged 2,991 BOPD 
through the first six months of the year. 
AFRICA 
REPUBLIC OF CONGO (BRAZZAVILLE) 
SOCO Exploration and Production Congo SA ("SOCO EPC") holds an interest in and is the 
designated operator of the Marine XI and Marine XIV Blocks, located in the Congo Basin, 
offshore the Republic of Congo (Brazzaville). 
Analysis of the results from the 2009 appraisal drilling on the Viodo field on Marine XI 
continues. Reprocessing of the seismic data from the 100 kilometre multi-azimuthal 3D 
seismic programme completed over Marine XIV is underway. The Company has received 
official notice from the Oil Minister of a one year extension of Phase I of the production 
sharing agreements for both Blocks. As a result, the Company has increased time to analyse 
the results and to prioritise exploration drilling on both Blocks for later this year or in 2011. 
DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO (KINSHASA) 
Nganzi Block 
The designated operator of the Nganzi Block and holder of a 65% working interest is SOCO 
Exploration and Production DRC Sprl ("SOCO E&P DRC"), the Company's 85% owned 
subsidiary. In July 2010, SOCO E&P DRC entered into a farm-out agreement wherein it 
agreed to farm-out a 20% interest in the Nganzi Block to INPEX CORPORATION ("INPEX"). 
INPEX is a current oil producer in another area of the DRC holding a 32.28% interest in 
various offshore producing fields and facilities and is one of SOCO's co-venturers in Angola. 
The remaining 15% interest is held by the national oil company, La Congolaise des 
Hydrocarbures ("Cohydro"). Per the agreement, INPEX will fund 40% of the cost, with half of 
the funding obligation subject to certain caps on cost overruns, associated with a three well 
exploration drilling programme. Following the initial three well programme, INPEX will fund its 
participating interest share of costs associated with the Block. In addition, INPEX will fund its 
participating interest share of the cost recoverable historical costs incurred by SOCO E&P 
DRC on the Nganzi Block. The assignment of interest has been approved by the appropriate 
regulatory authorities of the Government of the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kinshasa). 
Four large structures on the 800 square kilometre onshore Nganzi Block were identified from 
the interpretation of the 2D seismic taken from the acquisition programme in 2008. The Block 
is situated some 50 kilometres from the west coast and is approximately 60 kilometres from 
an export facility located offshore in DRC waters. 
The services of the onshore drilling rig, Caroil #1, owned by CAROIL SAS, were secured in 
April 2010. The rig was transported from Pointe Noire overland to the Nganzi Block in late 
Page 4 
EFTA00729801
--- PAGE 5 ---
May. The Nganga-1 well spudded on 15 July 2010 and following various mechanical and 
software issues on the rig is expected to reach the objective reservoir shortly. Testing, if 
required would add another two to three weeks. Two further wells will be drilled, with 
contingency for a fourth well. 
Block 5 
SOCO E&P DRC holds a 38.25% participating interest in and is operator of a Production 
Sharing Agreement for Block 5 located in the southern Albertine Graben in eastern DRC, 
adjacent to the border with Uganda where there have been recent discoveries in the same 
basin. The Block covers an area of 7,105 square kilometres and includes part of Lake 
Edward. 
In June 2010, the Production Sharing Agreement for Block 5 received the Presidential 
Decree, the final step in the concession award of the block. The Block 5 partnership consists 
of SOCO E&P DRC holding 38.25%, Dominion Petroleum Congo SPRL with 46.75% and 
Cohydro with 15%. During the initial five year exploration period the Block 5 partnership 
have committed to acquire at least 300 km of seismic data and drill two exploration wells. 
ANGOLA 
Cabinda North 
SOCO Cabinda Limited, the Company's 80% owned subsidiary, holds a 17% participating 
interest in the Production Sharing Agreement for the Cabinda Onshore North Block in the 
Angolan enclave of Cabinda. The Block, which is operated by Sonangol, covers 1,400 
square kilometres and is bordered in the north by Congo (Brazzaville) and in the south and 
east by the DRC. 
The seismic acquisition programme began in late 2009, but was suspended in January 2010 
by the operator due to multiple security incidents in the region. The acquisition programme 
recommenced in May 2010. No drilling is anticipated in Cabinda during 2010. 
Page 5 
EFTA00729802
--- PAGE 6 ---
FINANCIAL RESULTS 
Two significant corporate events impacted the financial results in the first half of 2010 as the 
Company raised gross proceeds of £102.0 million following a share placing in January and 
repaid $166.0 million to convertible bondholders who exercised put options and redeemed 
their bonds in May. 
Subsequent to the end of the period the Group announced its intention to dispose of its 
Thailand asset with an effective date of 1 January 2010. Since the Thailand interest did not 
meet the criteria prescribed in IFRS 5 as a non-current asset held for sale as at 30 June 
2010 it has been included in continuing operations for the first six months of 2010. The net 
effect of these events strengthens the Company's financial position, allowing it to fully fund 
existing exploration and development opportunities. 
INCOME STATEMENT 
Operating results 
In the first half of 2010, SOCO's oil and gas revenues from operations, which are all derived 
from the Group's South East Asia segment, were similar to the equivalent period last year 
being $66.2 million (six months to 30 June 2009 - $66.6 million). During the first six months 
of 2010, the Group realised an average price of $73.87 per barrel of oil compared to $47.48 
per barrel in the first half of 2009. The Group's working interest share of production during 
the period was 5,191 BOEPD down from 6,734 BOEPD in the first half of 2009 due to repair 
work on CNV and the scaling back of production at Bualuang. Revenue in 2009 included 
cost recoupment entitlement barrels associated with the Group's cost carry of Petrovietnam 
on the 9-2 Block, which had been fully recouped by the end of 2009. 
Cost of sales on operations in the period was $30.7 million for the six month period to 30 
June 2010 up from $19.1 million in the first half of 2009. This increase is mainly associated 
with the reduction in period end inventory (which is valued at market price). On a per barrel 
basis, excluding inventory movements, depreciation, depletion and decommissioning costs 
(DD&A) and sales related duties and royalties, operating costs were approximately $13.10 
per barrel compared to $10.70 per barrel in the first half of 2009. This increase on a per 
barrel basis is mainly due to the higher proportion of fixed operating costs associated with 
lower production in the Group's Thailand producing field and other higher charges in respect 
of the floating production storage and offloading facility in Thailand. 
DD&A included in cost of sales was $6.2 million for the current reporting period compared to 
$9.9 million in the first half of 2009 consistent with lower entitlement production. On a per 
barrel basis, DD&A increased from approximately $6.00 per barrel in the first half of 2009 to 
approximately $6.60 per barrel in the six months ended June 2010. This increase is mainly 
due to higher estimated future development costs in Thailand and Vietnam, partially offset by 
higher reserves in Thailand recognised in the second half of 2009, and higher estimated 
future decommissioning costs in Vietnam. 
Administrative costs relating to continuing operations for the first six months increased from 
$3.5 million in 2009 to $4.2 million in 2010. The increase is primarily attributable to higher 
direct employee costs. 
Operating profit for the period was $31.4 million arising from the Group's production 
operations in Vietnam and Thailand compared to $44.0 million for the first half of 2009. 
Non-operating results 
Investment income reduced from $1.7 million in the first half of 2009 to $0.6 million for the 
current period mainly due lower available interest rates. 
Page 6 
EFTA00729803
--- PAGE 7 ---
Tax 
The tax expense increased from $14.1 million in the six month period ending 30 June 2009 
to $20.2 million in the current reporting period. This increase is mainly due to a greater 
proportion of revenue being derived from Thailand which has a higher effective tax rate than 
Vietnam, in particular due to Thai special remuneratory benefit tax. Further, as the results in 
2009 included revenue arising from non-taxable income in Vietnam relating to cost 
recoupment the effective rate in 2009 was reduced. 
CASH AND LIQUID INVESTMENTS 
SOCO's cash, cash equivalents and liquid investments at 30 June 2010 were $258.1 million 
(31 December 2009 - $307.6 million and 30 June 2009 - $294.0 million). This reduction is a 
result of the convertible bond redemption in May, the Group's capital development 
programmes in South East Asia and exploration activity in Africa offset by cash inflows from 
the share placing in January and production operations in South East Asia. 
DEBT 
As at 30 June 2010 the Group's only debt was the convertible bonds issued in 2006 at a par 
value of $250 million, further details of which are in Note 23 to the 2009 Annual Report and 
Accounts. On 16 May 2010, bonds with a par value of $166 million were redeemed at the 
option of each bondholder. The unwinding of the discount relating to the redeemed bonds 
has been charged to finance costs in the amount of $8.1 million and capitalised in 
accordance with the Group's accounting policy. The liability component of the bonds has 
been reclassified as a non-current liability on the balance sheet as at 30 June 2010 as, if the 
bonds have not been previously purchased and cancelled, redeemed or converted, the 
remaining bonds will be redeemed at par value on 16 May 2013. 
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE 
Capital expenditure of $51.6 million in the first half of 2010 was higher than the $36.2 million 
spend in the first half of 2009 following the commencement of the TGT development project 
in Vietnam in the second half of 2009. In addition to continuation of the TGT project in South 
East Asia, development activities continued in Vietnam on the CNV field with the drilling of a 
water injector well and commencement of drilling at TGD and in Thailand on the Bualuang 
field with the side-track of three existing slant production wells and their conversion to 
horizontal production wells. In the Group's Africa region, where drilling commenced in July 
2010 on the Nganzi Block, preparation for the drilling campaign included the construction of 
base camps, roads and bridges. 
PRODUCTION 
During the first half of 2009 the Group's production, net to the Group's working interest, of 
5,191 BOEPD was sourced from its CNV field in Vietnam (2,200 BOEPD) and its Bualuang 
field in Thailand (2,991 BOPD). This is down from 6,734 BOEPD in the equivalent period last 
year and 6,415 BOEPD for the full year 2009. This is associated with both the CNV field as 
production was suspended from early December 2009 until early February 2010 when a 
pipeline inspection gauge became stuck in the production line connecting the CNV platform 
to the Bach Ho production platform; and with the scaling back of production at Bualuang as 
side track wells were being drilled. Subsequently, CNV production was scaled back pending 
the initiation of water injection in order to maintain adequate reservoir pressure. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
There have been no material related party transactions in the period and there have been no 
material changes to the related party transactions described in Note 31 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements contained in the 2009 Annual Report and Accounts. 
Page 7 
EFTA00729804
--- PAGE 8 ---
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 
There are a number of potential risks and uncertainties which could have a material impact 
on the Group's performance over the remaining six months of 2010 and could cause actual 
results to differ materially from expected and historical results. Risks and uncertainties that 
remain unchanged from those published in the 2009 Annual Report and Accounts are 
summarised below: 
• Credit risk — in respect of the Group's financial asset at fair value through profit or loss 
arising on the Group's disposal of its Mongolia interest and short term financial assets. 
• Foreign currency risk — associated with cash balances held in non-US dollar 
denominations. 
• Liquidity risk — associated with meeting the Group's cash requirements. 
• Interest rate risk — applicable to the Group's cash balances, debt and financial asset. 
• Commodity price risk — associated with the Group's sales of oil and gas. 
• Capital risk management — in relation to Group financing. 
• Political risk -arising in countries where the Group has an interest, including compliance 
with and interpretation of taxation and other regulations. 
• Reserves risk — associated with inherent uncertainties in the application of standard 
recognised evaluation techniques to estimate proven and probable reserves. 
Further information on the above principal risks and uncertainties of the Group is included in 
the Financial Review section of the 2009 Annual Report and Accounts and in Notes 3 and 4 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements in that report. 
GOING CONCERN 
The Group has a strong financial position and, after making enquiries, the Directors have a 
reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational 
existence for the foreseeable future. Consequently the Directors believe that the Group is 
able to manage its financial and operating risks and, accordingly, they continue to adopt the 
going concern basis in preparing the Half Year Report. 
CORPORATE 
Share placement 
In January 2010, the Company announced that it had successfully placed 7,234,347 new 
ordinary shares of 20 pence each, pre share split — see below, (the "Placing Shares") with 
institutions at a price of 1410 pence per Placing Share (the "Placing Price"). Based on the 
Placing Price, the gross proceeds of the Placing were £102.0 million. No share premium has 
been recognised as the Company has taken advantage of merger relief. The Placing Shares 
issued represented an increase of approximately 9.6% in SOCO's existing issued ordinary 
share capital. Upon issue, the Placing Shares were credited as fully paid and rank pari 
passu in all respects with the existing ordinary shares of 20 pence each in the capital of the 
Company, including the right to receive all dividends and other distributions declared, made 
or paid on or in respect of such shares after the date of issue of the Placing Shares. 
Bond redemption 
The Company redeemed at par $166.0 million of the $250 million convertible bonds that 
were issued in 2006 as just over 66% of the bond put options were exercised on 16 May 
2010. The remaining bonds mature in May 2013. See above and Note 6 to the condensed 
financial statements for further details. 
Share split 
Following approval at the Company's Annual General Meeting of shareholders, on 10 June 
2010, the Company's share capital was sub-divided on a 4 for 1 basis, wherein every existing 
ordinary share of £0.20 each was subdivided into four ordinary shares of £0.05 each. 
Accordingly, this sub-division was reflected in the share price, which closed at £16.10 on 
June 2010 and £3.98 on 10 June 2010. 
Page 8 
EFTA00729805
--- PAGE 9 ---
Disposal of Thailand asset 
In July 2010, SOCO announced that it had entered into a conditional sale and purchase 
agreement for the sale of its wholly owned subsidiary SOCO Thailand LLC ("SOCO 
Thailand") to Salamander Energy plc for an initial value of $105 million (subject to certain 
financial adjustments including adjustments in respect of cash flows arising from the effective 
date), plus contingent cash consideration of $1 million, effective 1 January 2010. SOCO 
Thailand is a 99.9993% shareholder of SOCO Exploration (Thailand) Co Limited, the entity 
that holds the Group's interest in the Bualuang Field, offshore of Thailand. An Extraordinary 
General Meeting will be held on 6 September to seek approval from shareholders for the 
disposal. 
OUTLOOK 
There is no question that the drilling programmes currently underway offer more upside 
potential than any experienced previously by the Company. Should we have success in all 
phases, the Group could expect net reserves to more than quadruple. Even with modest 
success, there could be a significant impact on reserves. 
In addition to the exploration upside, the Company is engaged in initiatives that will have 
major impact on the near and intermediate term production outlook. If the sale of the 
Group's Thailand assets is approved by shareholders, near term production will solely be 
sourced from the CNV field in Vietnam and production will drop as a result. However, in the 
intermediate term we expect additional injectivity at CNV to improve the production profile. 
Moreover, our second major development in Vietnam at the TGT field, the largest 
development operation in the Company's history, is on schedule to deliver first oil in mid 
2011. 
Rul de Sousa 
Chairman 
Ed Story 
President and Chief Executive 
Page 9 
EFTA00729806
--- PAGE 10 ---
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
We confirm to the best of our knowledge: 
o The condensed set of financial statements has been prepared in accordance with IAS 
Interim Financial Reporting; 
o The interim management report includes a fair review of the information required by 
DTR 4.2.7R (indication of important events during the first six months and description 
of principal risks and uncertainties for the remaining six months of the year); and 
o The interim management report includes a fair review of the information required by 
DTR 4.2.8R (disclosure of related parties' transaction and changes therein). 
By order of the Board 
Roger Cagle 
Chief Financial Officer 
August 2010 
DISCLAIMER 
This Half Year Report has been prepared solely to provide additional information to 
shareholders to assess the Group's strategies and the potential for those strategies to 
succeed. The Half Year Report should not be relied on by any other party or for any other 
purpose. 
The Half Year Report contains certain forward-looking statements. These statements are 
made by the Directors in good faith based on the information available to them up to the time 
of their approval of this report and such statements should be treated with caution due to the 
inherent uncertainties, including both economic and business risk factors, underlying any 
such forward-looking information. 
Page 10 
EFTA00729807
--- PAGE 11 ---
INDEPENDENT REVIEW REPORT TO SOCO INTERNATIONAL PLC 
We have been engaged by the Company to review the condensed set of financial statements 
in the half year financial report for the six months ended 30 June 2010 which comprises the 
condensed consolidated income statement, the condensed consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income, the condensed consolidated balance sheet, the condensed 
consolidated statement of changes in equity, the condensed consolidated cash flow 
statement and related notes 1 to 8. We have read the other information contained in the half 
year financial report and considered whether it contains any apparent misstatements or 
material inconsistencies with the information in the condensed set of financial statements. 
This report is made solely to the Company in accordance with International Standard on 
Review Engagements (UK and Ireland) 2410 "Review of Interim Financial Information 
Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity" issued by the Auditing Practices Board. 
Our work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company those matters we are 
required to state to them in an independent review report and for no other purpose. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other 
than the Company, for our review work, for this report, or for the conclusions we have 
formed. 
Directors' responsibilities 
The half year financial report is the responsibility of, and has been approved by, the 
Directors. The Directors are responsible for preparing the half year financial report in 
accordance with the Disclosure and Transparency Rules of the United Kingdom's Financial 
Services Authority. 
As disclosed in note 2, the annual financial statements of the Group are prepared in 
accordance with IFRSs as adopted by the European Union. The condensed set of financial 
statements included in this half year financial report has been prepared in accordance with 
International Accounting Standard 34, "Interim Financial Reporting," as adopted by the 
European Union. 
Our responsibility 
Our responsibility is to express to the Company a conclusion on the condensed set of 
financial statements in the half year financial report based on our review. 
Scope of Review 
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review 
Engagements (UK and Ireland) 2410 "Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by 
the Independent Auditor of the Entity" issued by the Auditing Practices Board for use in the 
United Kingdom. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, 
primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical 
and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted 
in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK and Ireland) and consequently 
does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant 
matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion. 
Conclusion 
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the 
condensed set of financial statements in the half year financial report for the six months 
ended 30 June 2010 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with International 
Accounting Standard 34 as adopted by the European Union and the Disclosure and 
Transparency Rules of the United Kingdom's Financial Services Authority. 
Deloitte LLP 
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors 
London, United Kingdom 
August 2010 
Page 11 
EFTA00729808
--- PAGE 12 ---
Condensed consolidated income statement 
Notes 
(unaudited) 
six months ended 
Jun 10 
5000's 
(unaudted) 
six months ended 
Jun 09 
3000's 
year ended 
Dec 09 
5000's 
Revenue 
66,188 
66,599 
131,013 
Cost of sales 
(30,651) 
(19,135) 
(33,777) 
Gross profit 
35,537 
47,464 
97,236 
Administrative expenses 
(4,167) 
(3,489) 
(6.785) 
Operating profit 
31,370 
43,975 
90,451 
Investment revenue 
598 
1,677 
2,554 
Other gains and losses 
513 
850 
1,715 
Finance costs 
(345) 
(766) 
(1,226) 
Profit before tax 
32,136 
45,736 
93,494 
Tax 
(20,182) 
(14,129) 
(42,376) 
Profit for the period 
11,954 
31.607 
51.118 
Earnings per share (cents) 
Basic 
3.7 
10.8 
17.4 
Diluted 
3.4 
9.5 
15.5 
Condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
six months ended 
six months ended 
year ended 
Jun 10 
Jun 09 
Dec 09 
3000's 
5000's 
$000rs 
Profit for the period 
11,954 
31,607 
51,118 
Transfer from other reserves 
9,989 
2,096 
4,209 
Unrealised currency translation differences 
(12,819) 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
9,124 
33.776 
55.425 
Page 12 
EFTA00729809
--- PAGE 13 ---
Condensed consolidated balance sheet 
Non-current assets 
(unaudited) 
Jun 10 
3000's 
(unaudited) 
Jun 09 
300.3e 
Dec 09 
3000's 
Intangible assets 
126,504 
399,681 
103,462 
Property, plant and equipment 
624,308 
240,122 
572,735 
Financial asset 
36,846 
35,272 
36,247 
Deferred tax assets 
- 
1,549 
- 
787,658 
676,624 
712,444 
Current assets 
Inventories 
18,447 
9,015 
23,834 
Trade and other receivables 
14,826 
37,553 
19,946 
Tax receivables 
314 
988 
270 
Liquid investments 
- 
102,121 
151,954 
Cash and cash equivalents 
258,053 
191,853 
155.619 
291,640 
341,530 
351,623 
Total assets 
1,079,298 
1,018,154 
1,064,067 
Current liabilities 
Trade and other payables 
(31,913) 
(19,973) 
(23,721) 
Tax payables 
(13,422) 
(9,498) 
(10,686) 
Convertible bonds 
(230,413) 
(232,674) 
(45,335) 
(259,884) 
(267,081) 
Non-current liabilities 
Convertible bonds 
(76,817) 
Deferred tax liabilities 
(26,300) 
(7,818) 
(22,821) 
Long term provisions 
(11,185) 
(7.297) 
(10.897) 
(114,302) 
(15,115) 
(33,718) 
Total liabilities 
(159,637) 
(274.999) 
(300.799) 
Net assets 
919,661 
743.155 
763.268 
Equity 
Share capital 
27,300 
24,428 
24,451 
Share premium account 
72,212 
70,980 
71,077 
Other reserves 
154,602 
12,973 
11,317 
Retained earnings 
665,547 
634.774 
656.423 
Total equity 
919,661 
743,155 
763,268 
Page 13 
EFTA00729810
--- PAGE 14 ---
Condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Nola 
Called up 
share 
capital 
6000's 
Share 
premium 
account 
S0D0's 
Other 
reserves 
6000's 
Retained 
earnings 
S0D0's 
Total 
6000's 
As at 1 January 2009 
24.322 
70,369 
14.697 
600.998 
710.386 
Shares issued 
106 
611 
717 
Share-based payments 
418 
- 
418 
Transfer relating to share-based payments 
(396) 
396 
Transfer relating to convertible bonds 
(1.700) 
1,700 
Profit for the period 
31.607 
31.607 
Unrealised currency translation differences 
(46) 
As at 30 June 2009 
24.428 
70.980 
12.973 
634.774 
743.155 
Shares issued 
120 
Share-based payments 
457 
- 
457 
Transfer relating to share-based payments 
(344) 
344 
Transfer relating to convertible bonds 
(1.769) 
1,769 
-
Profit for the period 
19.511 
19.511 
Unrealised currency translation differences 
As at 1 January 2010 
24,451 
71,077 
11,317 
656,423 
763,268 
Shares issued 
2,849 
1,135 
159,047 
- 
163,031 
Share-based payments 
(5,764) 
- 
(5,764) 
Transfer relating to share-based payments 
(516) 
516 
-
Transfer relating to convertible bonds 
(1,387) 
1,387 
Unwinding of discount on redeemed bonds 
(8,086) 
8,086 
-
Profit for the period 
- 
11,954 
11,954 
Unrealised currency translation differences 
(9) 
(12,819) 
(12,828) 
As at 30 June 2010 
27,300 
72,212 
154,602 
665,547 
919,661 
Page 14 
EFTA00729811
--- PAGE 15 ---
Condensed consolidated cash flow statement 
(unaudited) 
six months 
ended 
Jun 10 
Note 
$000's 
(Lrtaudled) 
six months 
ended 
Jun 09 
5000's 
year ended 
Dec 09 
5000's 
Net cash from operating activities 
24,515 
25,804 
mom 
Investing activities 
Purchase of intangible assets 
(18,686) 
(13,945) 
(38,025) 
Purchase of property, plant and equipment 
(32,960) 
(22,267) 
(35,876) 
Decrease (increase) in liquid investments I
151,954 
(102,121) 
(151,954) 
Net cash from (used in) investing activities 
100,308 
(138,333) 
(225,855) 
Financing activities 
Share-based payments 
(6,190) 
Repayment of borrowings 
(165,949) 
Proceeds on issue of ordinary share capital 
163,030 
717 
837 
Net cash (used in) from financing activities 
(9,109) 
717 
837 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
115,714 
(111,812) 
(147.988) 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
155,619 
303,433 
303.433 
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes 
(13,280) 
232 
174 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
258,053 
191.853 
155.619 
Liquid investments comprise short term liquid investments of between tree to six months maturity while cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at 
bank and other short term highly squid investments of less than three months maturity. 
Page 15 
EFTA00729812
--- PAGE 16 ---
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 
General information 
The information for the year ended 31 December 2009 does not constitute statutory accounts as defined in section 435 of the 
Companies Act 2006. A copy of the statutory accounts for that year has been delivered to the Registrar of Companies. The 
auditors report on those accounts was not qualified, did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditors drew 
attention by way of emphasis without qualifying the report and did not contain statements under section 498(2) or (3) of the 
Companies Act 2006. 
The half year financial report is presented in US dollars because that is the currency of the primary economic environment in 
which the Group operates. 
The Directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend. 
The half year financial report for the six months ended 30 June 2010 was approved by the Directors on 25 August 2010. 
Significant accounting policies 
The half year financial report. which is unaudited. has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement 
criteria of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and the disclosure 
requirements of the Listing Rules and using the same accounting policies and methods of computation as applied by the 
Company in its 2009 Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2009. The condensed set of financial 
statements included in this half year financial report has been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting for the reasons 
set out in the Financial Results section of this report and in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 Interim 
Financial Reporting. as adopted by the European Union. and the requirements of the UK Disclosure and Transparency Rules of 
the Financial Services Authority in the United Kingdom as applicable to interim financial reporting. 
Segment information 
The Group has one principal business activity being oil and gas exploration and production. The Group's operations are located 
in South East Asia and Africa and form the basis on which the Group reports its segment information. 
segment sales. Segment results are presented below: 
Slx months ended 30 June 2010 (unaudited) 
SE Asia 
Africa 
There are no inter. 
Unallocated 
Group 
5000's 
5000's 
5000's 
5000's 
Oil sales 
66188 
66.188 
Profit (loss) before tax 
35,537 
(3,401) 
32.136 
Slx months ended 30 June 2009 (unaudited) 
Oil sales 
66,599 
66.599 
Profit (loss) before tax 
47.464 
1,728) 
45.736 
Year ended 31 December 2009 
Oil sales 
131,013 
131.013 
Profit (loss) before tax 
97,080 
(3,586) 
93.494 
Tax 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
six months 
six months ended 
ended 
year ended 
Jun 10 
Jun 09 
Dec 09 
5000's 
3000's 
3000's 
Current tax 
16,703 
9.828 
21.523 
Deferred tax 
3.479 
4.301 
20.853 
20.182 
14,129 
42.376 
UK corporation tax is calculated at 28% of the estimated assessable profit for each period. Taxation in other jurisdictions is 
calculated at the rates prevailing in the respective jurisdictions. During each period both current and deferred taxation have 
arisen in overseas jurisdictions only. 
Page 16 
EFTA00729813
--- PAGE 17 ---
Earnings per share 
The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the following data: 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
six months ended 
six months ended 
year ended 
Jun 10 
Jun 09 
Dec 09 
3000's 
$000's 
S00Os 
Earnings 
Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares: Interest on convertible bonds 
Earnings for the purposes of diluted earnings per share 
11.954 
31.607 
51.118 
593 
943 
12.022 
32.200 
52.061 
Number of shares ('000) 
(unaudited) 
six months 
(unaudited) 
ended 
six months ended 
year ended 
Jun 10 
Jun 09 
Dec 09 
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for 
the purposes of basic earnings per share 
321,951 
293.422 
293.835 
Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares: 
Share options and warrants 
9,564 
11.711 
10.675 
Ordinary shares of the Company held by the Group 
6,287 
7.150 
7.135 
Convertible bonds 
20.834 
24.952 
24.952 
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for 
the purposes of diluted earnings per share 
358.636 
337.235 
336.597 
On 10 June 2010 the Company sub-divided its share capital on a four for one share basis. Accordingly the number of ordinary 
shares for the purposes of the earnings per share used in prior periods has been adjusted. 
Convertible bonds 
As at 30 June 2010 the Group's only debt was the convertible bonds issued in 2006 at a par value of $250 million. further details 
of which are in Note 23 to the 2009 Annual Report and Accounts. On 16 May 2010. bonds with a par value of $166 million were 
redeemed at the option of each bondholder. The unwinding of the discount relating to the redeemed bonds has been charged 
to finance costs in the amount of $8.1 million and capitalised in accordance with IAS 23 Borrowing Costs. The liability 
component of the bonds has been reclassified as a non-current liability on the balance sheet as at 30 June 2010 as. if the bonds 
have not been previously purchased and cancelled, redeemed or converted. the remaining bonds will be redeemed at par value 
on 16 May 2013. 
Reconciliation of operating profit to operating cash flows 
(unaudited) 
six months ended 
Jun 10 
SOOOs 
(unaudited) 
six months 
ended 
Jun 09 
$000's 
year ended 
Dec 09 
3000's 
Operating profit 
31,370 
43.975 
90A51 
Share-based payments 
426 
418 
875 
Depreciation. depletion and amortisation 
6,290 
9.922 
16,126 
Operating cash flows before movements In working capital 
38,086 
54.315 
107.452 
Decrease (increase) in inventories 
5,427 
(5.105) 
(19.922) 
(Increase) decrease in receivables 
(4,320) 
(12.998) 
14.032 
Increase (decrease) in payables 
5,021 
(3.466) 
(2.919) 
Cash generated by operations 
44,214 
32.746 
98,643 
Interest received 
654 
2.501 
3,577 
Interest paid 
(5,711) 
(5.669) 
(11.278) 
Income taxes paid 
(14.642) 
(3.774) 
(13.912) 
Net cash from operating activities 
24,515 
25.804 
77.030 
Cash generated is derived from continuing operating activities only. 
Cash and cash equivalents (which are presented as a single class of asset on the balance sheet) comprise cash at bank and 
other short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are subject to an 
insignificant risk of change in value. 
Page 17 
EFTA00729814
--- PAGE 18 ---
Subsequent events 
Disposal of Thailand assets 
In July 2010. SOCO announced that it had entered into a conditional sale and purchase agreement, with an effective date of 
January 2010, for the sale of its wholly owned subsidiary SOCO Thailand LLC ("SOCO Thailand') to Salamander Energy plc 
for an initial value of $105 million (subject to certain financial adjustments including adjustments in respect of cash flows arising 
from the effective date), plus contingent cash consideration of $1 million (the "Disposal"). SOCO Thailand is a 99.9993% 
shareholder of SOCO Exploration (Thailand) Co Limited , the entity that holds the Group's interest in the Bualuang Field. 
offshore of Thailand and which is a component of the Group's South East Asia segment (see Note 3). The Disposal is 
conditional upon the approval of SOCO shareholders at a general meeting of SOCO and upon the approval of Salamander 
Energy plc shareholders at a general meeting of Salamander Energy plc. The Disposal is expected to complete by 
September 2010. Since the Thailand interest did not meet the criteria prescribed in IFRS 5 as a non•current asset held for 
sale as at 30 June 2010 it has been included in continuing operations for the first six months of 2010. 
Farmout of Nganzl acreage 
In July 2010, SOCO Exploration and Production DRC Spa ("SOCO E8P DRC"). the Company's 85% owned subsidiary• entered 
into a farm•out agreement wherein it agreed to farm•out a 20% interest in the Nganzi Block to INPEX CORPORATION (INPEX). 
Per the agreement, INPEX will fund 40% of the cost, with hall of the funding obligation subject to certain caps on cost overruns, 
associated with a three well exploration drilling programme. Following the initial three well programme. INPEX will fund its 
participating interest share of costs associated with the Block. In addition, INPEX will fund its participating interest share of the 
cost recoverable historical costs incurred by SOCO E8P DRC on the Nganzi Block. 
Page 18 
EFTA00729815

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729816.pdf
----------------------------------------
United States Court of Appeals 
FOR THE EIGHTH CIRCUIT 
No. 09-3260 
United States of America, 
Plaintiff - Appellee, 
v. 
Harold Voice, 
Defendant - Appellant. 
• Appeal from the United States 
• District Court for the 
• District of South Dakota. 
Submitted: June 15, 2010 
Filed: September 1, 2010 
Before LOKEN, ARNOLD and GRUENDER, Circuit Judges. 
LOKEN, Circuit Judge. 
A jury convicted Harold Voice of violating 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a), part of the Sex 
Offender Registration and Notification Act of 2006 (SORNA), by failing to update his 
South Dakota sex offender registration. The district court' sentenced him to forty-six 
months in prison. Voice appeals his conviction, challenging the sufficiency of the 
evidence, the denial of his pre-trial motions to suppress and to dismiss the indictment, 
and other district court rulings. We affirm. 
'The HONORABLE KAREN E. SCHREIER, Chief Judge of the United States 
District Court for the District of South Dakota. 
EFTA00729816
--- PAGE 2 ---
I. Sufficiency of the Evidence and Related Issues 
In 1998, Voice was convicted of abusive sexual contact with a minor in Indian 
country. He was released in November 2005 and placed on supervised release in 
Rapid City, South Dakota, where he registered as a sex offender as required by South 
Dakota law. See S.D. Codified Laws §§ 22-24B-1 et seq. Voice's offense was a "sex 
offense" under SORNA, first enacted in 2006, meaning that he is a "sex offender" 
who must "register, and keep the registration current, in each jurisdiction where the 
offender resides." 42 U.S.C. §§ 16911(1) and (5)(A)(iii), 16913(a). Failing to update 
a registration as required by SORNA is a violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a) punishable 
by up to ten years imprisonment. 
In April 2008, Voice was placed on supervised release at Glory House, a 
halfway house in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. United States Probation Officer 
Maureen Janssen informed Voice that he must register as a sex offender under federal 
law. He signed a form entitled "Notice and Acknowledgment of Duty to Register as 
a Sex Offender" informing him of his obligation to update his federal registration 
every three months and within three days of changing residence. He also completed 
a South Dakota sex offender registration form, which satisfied his initial SORNA 
registration obligation. See 42 U.S.C. §§ 16911(10)(A), 16913(a). He later 
completed a South Dakota registration update in July 2008. 
On July 31, Voice assaulted another Glory House resident. Glory House 
terminated Voice's participation in its program. On August 1, a Glory House 
counselor notified Janssen of the incident, and she met with Voice to discuss it. 
Though neither Janssen nor the counselor informed Voice he was terminated from the 
Glory House program, he absconded from the halfway house that night. This was a 
supervised release violation, and a federal warrant issued for his arrest. 
-2-
EFTA00729817
--- PAGE 3 ---
After leaving Glory House, Voice relocated to Fort Thompson, South Dakota, 
within the Crow Creek Sioux Indian Reservation. Scott Shields, Fort Thompson's 
Chief of Police, saw Voice walking a quarter mile from an abandoned tribal comfort 
station on October 2 and arrested him on the outstanding warrant. Voice told police 
his residence was Glory House in Sioux Falls. Chief Shields is responsible for 
registering sex offenders in the Fort Thompson area. After learning that Voice was 
on supervised release for a federal sex offense, and knowing he had not registered 
with the Fort Thompson police, Shields began investigating whether Voice had 
violated SORNA by failing to register in Fort Thompson. 
On October 3, Chief Shields interviewed Priscilla St. John, who said that Voice 
regularly visited the trailer she shared with Ronnie Wounded Knee, eating dinner three 
times a week and using the shower once a week. After handing Shields a leather 
jacket Voice had left in the trailer, St. John took Shields to the abandoned comfort 
station across the street from Wounded Knee's trailer. She pointed out a cement slab 
outside the building where she said Voice had been sleeping and told Shields that 
Voice was keeping his possessions inside the abandoned building. Shields left briefly 
to interview Voice's cousin, Karen Voice, and then returned to the comfort station. 
He seized a camouflage jacket lying on the cement slab. Inside the refuse-filled 
station, Shields found two duffel bags, one marked "Darla V.," the other marked 
"Traversie." He looked inside the bag marked "Darla V." and found an envelope from 
the Interior Department addressed to Voice at Karen Voice's post office box address. 
Shields put the letter back in the "Darla V." bag and seized both bags without further 
inspection. 
SORNA requires a registered sex offender to appear in person "not later than 
business days after each change of name, residence, employment, or student status" 
to inform an involved jurisdiction of all changes needed to update his registration. 42 
U.S.C. § 16913(a) & (c); see also S.D. Codified Laws §§ 22-24B-7 & -12. From 
August 1 to October 2, 2008, when he was arrested, Voice did not update his sex-
-3-
EFTA00729818
--- PAGE 4 ---
offender registration. The indictment charged that Voice "did knowingly fail to 
register and update a registration, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a)." The 
government's theory was that Voice was under an obligation to update his registration 
because he changed his residence from Glory House to one or more locations in the 
Fort Thompson area. 
At trial, Roger Head testified that Voice lived for approximately ten days in 
Head's home after arriving in the Fort Thompson area. Karen Voice testified that 
Voice visited her Fort Thompson home approximately six times and spent one night 
there. During one visit, she gave Voice a change of clothes and a duffel bag marked 
"Darla V." Karen also agreed to let Voice use her post office box address to receive 
mail and delivered mail to Voice at Wounded Knee's trailer, including a letter from 
the United States Department of the Interior Trust Program Management Center. 
Priscilla St. John's testimony was consistent with the above summary of what she told 
Chief Shields when he interviewed her on October 3, 2008. 
The jury convicted Voice of violating 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a) during the time 
between August 5, 2008 and October 2, 2008. On appeal, Voice argues the evidence 
was insufficient in two respects. "We review the sufficiency of the evidence de novo, 
viewing the evidence in the light most favorable to the government, resolving 
evidentiary conflicts in the government's favor, and drawing all reasonable inferences 
in favor of the jury's verdict." United States v. Stymiest, 581 F.3d 759, 764 (8th Cir. 
2009), cert. denied, 130 S. Ct. 2364 (2010). 
A. Change of Residence. (a) Voice argues the evidence was insufficient to 
prove a SORNA violation because it showed only that he left Glory House and 
traveled within South Dakota from August to October 2008, visiting friends and 
family, not a change of residence. We disagree. In setting forth the elements of a 
§ 2250(a) offense, the jury instructions explained that the government must prove, 
beyond a reasonable doubt, that Harold Voice is a sex offender who must "register, 
-4-
EFTA00729819
--- PAGE 5 ---
and keep his registration current, in each jurisdiction where the offender resides," and 
that, to update a registration, he must appear in person to inform the pertinent 
jurisdiction not later than three business days after a change of residence. Consistent 
with the statute, the instructions defined "resides" as meaning "the location of [an] 
individual's home or other place where the individual habitually lives." ee 42 U.S.C. 
16911(13). Without objection, the instructions did not define "habitually lives." 
Thus, the issue as framed by these instructions is whether, during the time in question, 
Voice changed the place where he "habitually lived" requiring him to update his 
registration. 
The evidence viewed in the light most favorable to the jury verdict showed that 
Voice absconded from Glory House on August 1, triggering an arrest warrant for 
violating conditions of his supervised release, and then lived in various places in the 
Fort Thompson area until his arrest on October 2. He spent ten days living at Roger 
Head's home -- a conventional dwelling with an address. He then lived for some 
period of time at the comfort station. We need not decide whether some travelers are 
so transient that a jury could not reasonably find a change of residence during 
extended travels. Here, there was sufficient evidence for a reasonable jury to find that 
Voice failed to register a change of residence when he "habitually lived" in one or 
more locations in the Fort Thompson area between August 5 and October 2, 2008. 
We reject the suggestion that a savvy sex offender can move to a different city and 
avoid having to update his SORNA registration by sleeping in a different shelter or 
other location every night.2 As the Attorney General's SORNA Guidelines explained: 
2United States v. Van Buren, 599 F.3d 170, 172-75 (2d Cir. 2010), affirmed a 
jury instruction that an updated registration is required if a sex offender leaves his 
registered residence with no intent to return. Though no such instruction was 
requested in this case, we agree with the Second Circuit's analysis of the statute's 
language and apparent intent. 
-5-
EFTA00729820
--- PAGE 6 ---
Sex offenders who lack fixed abodes are neverthless required to register 
in the jurisdictions in which they reside .. . . Such sex offenders cannot 
provide [a] residence address ... because they have no definite "address" 
at which they live. Nevertheless, some more or less specific description 
should normally be obtainable concerning the place or places where such 
a sex offender habitually lives -- e.g., information about a certain part of 
a city that is the sex offender's habitual locale, a park or spot on the 
street (or a number of such places) where the sex offender stations 
himself during the day or sleeps at night [etc.]. 
National Guidelines for Sex Offender Registration and Notification, 73 Fed. Reg. 
38,030, 38,055 (July 2, 2008). 
(b) Voice further argues that the prosecutor was guilty of misconduct during 
closing when he said, "What's the definition of `habitually'? Under the law it's three 
days." Voice objected and the district court properly instructed the jury to "rely on 
the jury instructions that I gave you for what the law means." The prosecutor then 
stated, consistent with the jury instructions, "The third element of the instruction 
say[s], '[t]o update a registration, a sex offender shall, not later than three business 
days after each change of name, residence, employment, or student status, appear in 
person in the appropriate jurisdiction and inform' them basically that you are there." 
Voice argues the court erred by "failing to sustain the objection and instruct the jury 
that the prosecutor had incorrectly described the law." This contention is without 
merit. District courts have "broad discretion in controlling closing arguments, and we 
overturn a conviction on the basis of prosecutorial misconduct only upon a showing 
that improper remarks, in light of any rulings or curative instructions by the district 
court and in light of the trial as a whole, could reasonably have affected the jury's 
verdict." United States v. Holmes, 413 F.3d 770, 774 (8th Cir. 2005). The court's 
ruling on the objection, referring the jury to the jury instructions, was sufficient to 
correct any misstatement of the governing law. 
-6-
EFTA00729821
--- PAGE 7 ---
(c) Finally, Voice argues for the first time on appeal that there was a prejudicial 
variance in the proof because the grand jury charged one failure-to-register offense but 
the prosecutor argued in closing that Voice habitually lived at both Roger Head's 
home and the comfort station. This contention, too, is without merit. "The evidence 
presented at trial did not prove facts materially different from those alleged in the 
indictment, as required for us to find a variance." United States v. Wright, 540 F.3d 
833, 841 (8th Cir. 2008) (quotation omitted), cert. denied, 129 S. Ct. 2377 (2009). 
Voice had adequate notice of the case to be presented against him and did not request 
a jury instruction on whether there was one or more separate offenses. 
B. Knowledge. (a) Voice next argues there was insufficient evidence that he 
knowingly violated SORNA by failing to register because he was not informed that 
his stay in Fort Thompson would be considered a change of residence. However, 18 
U.S.C. § 2250(a) does not require proof of specific intent to violate the law. United 
States v. Gould, 568 F.3d 459, 468 (4th Cir. 2009), cert. denied, 130 S. Ct. 1686 
(2010). The term "knowingly" "merely requires proof of knowledge of the facts that 
constitute the offense." Bryan v. United States, 524 U.S. 184, 193 (1998). Consistent 
with this governing law, the district court correctly instructed the jury on the meaning 
of the term "knowingly" in SORNA: 
"Knowledge" is an element of the offense charged in this case and must 
be proved beyond a reasonable doubt. The prosecution is not required 
to prove that the defendant knew that his acts or omissions were 
unlawful. An act is done "knowingly" if the defendant is aware of the 
act and does not act through ignorance, mistake, or accident. You may 
consider evidence of the defendant's words, acts, or omissions, along 
with all the other evidence, in deciding whether the defendant acted 
knowingly. 
Here, there was uncontroverted evidence that Voice knew of his obligation to register 
upon changing his residence but did not do so, and there was no evidence his failure 
-7-
EFTA00729822
--- PAGE 8 ---
to do so was the result of "ignorance, mistake, or accident." The jury reasonably 
found a knowing violation. See Gould, 568 F.3d at 468. 
(b) Voice further argues that the district court erred by refusing to give one part 
of his requested theory-of-defense instruction: "Voice asserts he is not guilty because 
. . . there is no evidence that [he] was aware of an obligation to register on the Crow 
Creek Reservation." But this instruction incorrectly implied that a "knowing" 
violation of § 2250(a) required proof that Voice knew his actions triggered an 
obligation to update his registration. agg United States v. Griffey, 589 F.3d 1363, 
1367 (1 1 th Cir. 2009), cert. denied, 130 S. Ct. 3290 (2010). A defendant is not 
entitled to a theory-of-defense instruction that does not correctly state the law. United 
States v. Aldridge, 561 F.3d 759, 764 (8th Cir. 2009), cert. denied, 130 S. Ct. 1095 
(2010). Accordingly, the district court did not abuse its discretion when it refused this 
request and correctly instructed the jury on the knowledge element of the offense 
(c) Finally, Voice argues that his conviction violated due process because he did 
not know and was never informed that his conduct would constitute a change of 
residence under SORNA. The "general rule [is] that ignorance of the law or a mistake 
of law is no defense to criminal prosecution." Cheek v. United States, 498 U.S. 192, 
199 (1991). Voice relies on Lambert v. California, which held that "actual knowledge 
of the duty to register or proof of the probability of such knowledge and subsequent 
failure to comply are necessary before a conviction" for the "wholly passive" conduct 
of failing to register "can stand." 355 U.S. 225, 229 (1957). Though failure to update 
a SORNA registration is arguably passive conduct, Voice's prior knowledge of his 
obligations to register under SORNA and South Dakota law satisfied any due process 
notice requirements. See United States v. May, 535 F.3d 912, 921 (8th Cir. 2008), 
cert. denied, 129 S. Ct. 2431(2009); accord Griffey, 589 F.3d at 1367-68. The district 
court correctly denied Voice's motion to dismiss the indictment on this ground. 
-8-
EFTA00729823
--- PAGE 9 ---
II. Suppression Issues 
Before trial, Voice moved to suppress "luggage and the items inside the luggage 
that were seized and searched" by Chief Shields on October 3, 2008. The district 
court denied the motion, adopting the government's argument that Voice did not have 
an objectively reasonable expectation of privacy in the bags he left in an abandoned 
comfort station on tribal property and concluding, in any event, that he abandoned the 
bags and any privacy interest in them. On appeal, Voice argues he had a reasonable 
expectation of privacy in the closed luggage, he did not abandon that privacy interest, 
and the warrantless search of these closed containers violated his Fourth Amendment 
rights. We review the district court's factual findings for clear error and the ultimate 
question of whether the Fourth Amendment was violated de novo. United States v. 
Castellanos, 518 F.3d 965, 969 (8th Cir. 2008). 
A defendant has Fourth Amendment standing to suppress evidence obtained by 
a warrantless search of property only if he "manifested a subjective expectation of 
privacy in [the property] that society accepts as objectively reasonable." California 
v. Greenwood, 486 U.S. 35, 39 (1988). The Fourth Amendment protects the privacy 
interests of persons, not of places or things. Accordingly - 
What a person knowingly exposes to the public, even in his own home 
or office, is not a subject of Fourth Amendment protection. But what he 
seeks to preserve as private, even in an area accessible to the public, may 
be constitutionally protected. 
Katz v. United States, 389 U.S. 347, 351-52 (1967) (citations omitted). It is well-
settled that Fourth Amendment limitations on warrantless searches apply to luggage 
and other closed containers searched outside the home. See Bond v. United States, 
529 U.S. 334, 336-37 (2000); United States v. Chadwick, 433 U.S. 1, 10-11 (1977). 
-9-
EFTA00729824
--- PAGE 10 ---
In considering this issue, we find it critical that, both in the district court and on 
appeal, Voice argues only that Chief Shields violated the Fourth Amendment by 
opening and searching the closed luggage. Although the motion to suppress included 
the luggage itself, Voice does not argue that Chief Shields unconstitutionally seized 
the bags he found in the comfort station. This is not surprising. Shields was 
investigating whether Voice violated SORNA by not registering in Fort Thompson. 
The information provided by Priscilla St. John gave Shields probable cause to believe 
that the bags belonged to Voice and were evidence he had been living at the comfort 
station. Voice was in custody so, at a minimum, Shields could reasonably take the 
bags to the police station for safe-keeping and further inquiry. In any event, with the 
issue not raised, it is clear that only the contents of the bags are at issue. Thus, the 
bags as well as the two jackets seized by Shields were properly admitted at trial. 
Voice argues that he may challenge the warrantless opening and search of his 
luggage because he had a reasonable expectation of privacy in the contents of the 
closed bags. The government replies that Voice had no reasonable expectation of 
privacy because he left the luggage unattended in an abandoned tribal comfort station 
accessible to anyone who chose to enter.' The potential sweep of the government's 
argument is troubling. If sound, it means that a person has no Fourth Amendment 
3The government also defends the district court's alternative ground, that Voice 
abandoned the luggage when he left it in a place that could be accessed by others. 
Any expectation of privacy in property "is forfeited upon its abandonment." United 
States v. Tugwell, 125 F.3d 600, 602 (8th Cir. 1997), cert. denied, 522 U.S. 1061 
(1998). Whether property has been abandoned is a question of fact that turns 
primarily on whether the objective facts available to the investigating officers 
evidenced (i) the suspect's denial of ownership, and (ii) that he physically 
relinquished the property in a way that demonstrated abandonment. ee United States 
v. James, 353 F.3d 606, 616 (8th Cir. 2003); United States v. Liu, 180 F.3d 957, 962 
(8th Cir. 1999). Here, the government presented no evidence that Voice denied 
ownership of the luggage, or that he physically relinquished the property, as opposed 
to leaving it unattended. Indeed, the government's theory of the case was that the 
luggage was evidence of where Voice was living, not that he had abandoned it. 
-10-
EFTA00729825
--- PAGE 11 ---
standing to suppress evidence seized by police officers while rummaging, without a 
warrant or even reasonable suspicion, through a closed container left unattended near 
a bunk in a homeless shelter, college dormitory, or military barracks; or on a bench 
or seat in an airplane terminal or bus station; or by a table at a restaurant while a 
patron used the restroom. The government cites no factually similar case supporting 
its argument, only cases that involved searches of closed containers found in vehicles, 
as in United States v. Ross, 456 U.S. 798, 801 (1982); or in open fields, as in United 
States v. Stallings, 28 F.3d 58, 60-61 (8th Cir. 1994); or in plain view from a common 
street or hallway, as in United States v. McGrane, 746 F.2d 632, 633 (8th Cir. 1984). 
The closest case we have found is State v. Mooney, 588 A.2d 145, 150 (Conn. 1991), 
where the homeless defendant left a duffel bag, a closed cardboard box, and other 
belongings unattended under a public bridge where he was living. Describing the 
issue as "close," the Court in a four-to-three decision held that the warrantless search 
of the closed containers violated the defendant's Fourth Amendment rights; the 
thorough majority and dissenting opinions helpfully explored competing arguments 
on both sides of the expectation-of-privacy issue. 
We conclude that we need not decide this question because any error in 
admission of the evidence in question was harmless beyond a reasonable doubt. The 
disputed issue at trial was whether Voice was residing in the Fort Thompson area and 
therefore violated 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a) by failing to update his SORNA registration. 
The government introduced overwhelming evidence that, after absconding from Glory 
House in Sioux Falls, Voice spent many weeks in the Fort Thompson area living in 
different locations. Roger Head testified that Voice stayed in his home for ten days. 
Karen Voice testified that Voice visited her home six times beginning in August and 
stayed there at least one night. And Priscilla St. John testified that Voice regularly 
visited her trailer, had been sleeping outside the comfort station near where he was 
arrested, and had put personal belongings inside that building. The bags and jackets 
corroborated St. John's testimony and were independent evidence that Voice had been 
living at the comfort station. 
-11-
EFTA00729826
--- PAGE 12 ---
The only contents of the luggage admitted at trial was the Department of 
Interior letter addressed to Voice at Karen Voice's post office box. To be sure, 
evidence that Voice had his mail sent to a Fort Thompson post office box was relevant 
to whether he was residing there. But Karen Voice testified that she had agreed to let 
Voice use her postal address and that she later retrieved mail from the box and 
delivered it to Voice at Wounded Knee's trailer. The letter added nothing to the 
government's case except to corroborate this testimony. We conclude the letter ---
cumulative evidence that added little to the government's overwhelming proof that 
Voice resided in Fort Thompson -- was harmless beyond a reasonable doubt. Accord 
United States v. Tenerelli, 
F.3d ----, 2010 WL 2990932, at *3-4 (8th Cir. Aug. 2, 
2010); United States v. Briley, 319 F.3d 360, 365 (8th Cir. 2003). 
III. An Evidentiary Issue 
Voice argues that the district court erred by admitting as a business record the 
July 7, 2008, South Dakota sex-offender registration document he completed because 
the witness could not supply foundation required by Rule 803(6) of the Federal Rules 
of Evidence. The witness testified that she was the "keeper of [] records" for South 
Dakota's Division of Criminal Investigation; that her agency maintains South Dakota 
sex-offender registration forms in the normal course of its business; and that she 
recognized the document in question as a South Dakota sex-offender registration form 
signed by Voice, submitted by the Sioux Falls Police Department, and received by her 
office on July 9, 2008. This personal knowledge of the documents kept in the course 
of the agency's regular activity distinguishes this case from United States v. Riley, 
236 F.3d 982, 984 (8th Cir. 2001), where a police officer lacked personal knowledge 
to lay the foundation for crime laboratory reports. A knowledgeable document 
custodian "need not have personal knowledge regarding the creation of the document 
offered, or personally participate in its creation, or even know who actually recorded 
the information." Brawner v. Allstate Indem. Co., 591 F.3d 984, 987 (8th Cir. 2010) 
-12-
EFTA00729827
--- PAGE 13 ---
(quotation omitted). The district court did not abuse its discretion by admitting this 
document. 
IV. The Motion to Dismiss 
In addition to the due process contention previously discussed, Voice's motion 
to dismiss the indictment argued that SORNA (1) does not apply to him because the 
Crow Creek Sioux Tribe has not implemented it, and (2) is unconstitutional as applied 
to him because it violates the Ex Post Facto Clause, the non-delegation doctrine, and 
exceeds Congress's power to regulate interstate commerce. On appeal, Voice 
acknowledges that we have recently decided these issues against him but argues the 
district court erred in denying his motion to dismiss on these grounds to preserve them 
for possible Supreme Court review. We agree these arguments are foreclosed by prior 
panel decisions. 
Whether the Crow Creek Sioux Tribe has implemented SORNA is irrelevant 
because "SORNA applies to all sex offenders, regardless of whether the jurisdiction 
in which the sex offender resides has incorporated SORNA's requirements." United 
States v. Foster, 354 Fed. App'x 278, 281 (8th Cir. 2009), applying May, 535 F.3d at 
921. Voice's prosecution did not violate the Ex Post Facto Clause because the failure 
to update his registration occurred after SORNA was enacted. Ids at 920. He lacks 
standing to argue that 42 U.S.C. § 16913(d) violates the non-delegation doctrine 
because he registered as a sex offender under South Dakota law before SORNA was 
enacted. United States v. Hacker, 565 F.3d 522, 527-28 (8th Cir.), cert. denied, 130 
S. Ct. 302 (2009). His Commerce Clause contention is foreclosed by May, 535 F.3d 
at 921-22, and by United States v. Howell, 552 F.3d 709, 713-17 (8th Cir.), cert. 
denied, 129 S. Ct. 2812 (2009), because Voice's knowing failure to register upon 
-13-
EFTA00729828
--- PAGE 14 ---
entering "Indian country," 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a)(2)(B), provides any link to commerce 
that may be needed for the registration obligations of 42 U.S.C. § 16913.4
The judgment of the district court is affirmed. 
4We have not yet been presented with the question whether a wholly intrastate 
change of residence triggering an offense under 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a)(2)(A) has a 
sufficient relationship to interstate commerce. As the issue was not argued or raised 
by the facts of this case, we decline to consider it. 
-14-
EFTA00729829

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729830.pdf
----------------------------------------
SPHERA FUND 
,..rm.....,...
,
SPHERA 
This presentation is provided to the recipient for 
information purposes only and no representation 
or warranty, express or implied, is made as to the 
completeness or accuracy of the information 
contained herein. 
This presentation does not 
constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an 
offer to buy, any interests in Sphera Fund. 
August 2010 
EFTA00729830
--- PAGE 2 ---
Table of Content 
I. 
Introduction 
II. 
Team 
III. 
Investment Strategy 
IV. 
Performance Metrics 
V. 
Operation & Risk Management 
VI. 
Case Studies 
VII. Terms & Structure 
VIII. Appendix 
a. 
Israeli Economy 
b. 
Performance & Stats 
EFTA00729831
--- PAGE 3 ---
Premier hedge fund manager based in Israel (over $370M of locally and 
internationally sourced assets under management) 
Proven track record (17.9% net annual return since 2001) 
Strong management team that has been with the fund for the past 9 years 
staff with 10 investment professionals 
r aisted HEM WEEK 
"Lone/Short equity under S500m 
ard" 
EFTA00729832
--- PAGE 4 ---
Cumulative Net 
Performance 
Sphera Fund vs. Equity Indices 2001 — August 2010 
450% 
400% 
350% 
300% 
250% 
200% 
150% 
100% 
50% 
0% 
-50% 
-100% 
389.7% 
113.9% 
-14.4% 
-20.5% 
dec.00 
jul.01 
feb.02 
sep.02 
apr.03 
nov.03 
jun.04 
jan.05 
aug.05 
mar.06 
oct.06 
may.07 
dec.07 
jul.08 
feb.09 
sep.09 
apr.10 
SPHERA 
TA 100 
NASDAQ 
SP500 
•Sphera returns are net of all fees; 2004 present returns are all in U.S. Dollars (portfolio fuly hedged); Historical returns for 2001-2003 are presented in Shekels and were audited b). KPMG. 
EFTA00729833
--- PAGE 5 ---
Cumulative Net 
Performance 
Sphera Fund vs. Hedge Fund Indices 2001 — July2010** 
450% 
400% 
350% 
300% 
250% 
200% 
150% 
100% 
50% 
0% 
-50% 
389.7 
84.2% 
81.0% 
55.3% 
jan.01 
jan.02 
jan.03 
jan.04 
jan.05 
jan.05 
jan.06 
jan.07 
jan.08 
jan.09 
jan.10 
SPHERA 
HFRI index 
CSFB Tremont 
— 
Ba clay global hedge index 
•Sphera returns are net of all fees; 2004-present returns are all in U.S. Dollars (portfolio fully hedged); Historical returns for 20O1.2003 are presented in Shekels and were audited by KPMG. 
• • Hedge fund indices are on a monthly basis. Updates are published on the 2Ct" of the following month, therefore, the above returns are updated for the previous month. 
EFTA00729834
--- PAGE 6 ---
Sphera 
Management 
Ron Senator, Managing Partner 
• 
Head of JPMorgan Chase in Israel; responsible for investment banking and asset 
management business in the Israeli market 
• 
Vice President, investment banking, JPMorgan New York; SG Cowen Securities 
• 
Business development manager, Gilat Satellite Networks 
• 
Yale University, MBA 
Israel Mor, Managing Partner 
• 
Managed SF Group's proprietary capital, 1996-2003; returns outperformed all major 
equity indices each year since 1996 
• 
Senior Investment Manager, Dikla Funds, First International Bank's mutual funds arm 
• Investment Advisor, Bank Leumi 
EFTA00729835
--- PAGE 7 ---
Sphera 
Management 
Doron Breen, Managing Partner 
• 
Managing Partner of the Sphera Global Healthcare Fund 
• Managed Sphera Fund 2004-2006; returns outperformed all major equity indices 
• Managed SF Group's proprietary capital since 2001; returns outperformed all major 
equity indices 
• Managing Director, Investment Banking, SF Group; spearheaded SF's international 
investment banking practice 
Ronen Elgali, Head of Research 
• Head of Investment Research Department, Migdal Insurance (Israel's largest insurance 
company) 
• Head of Research Advisory Practice, United Mizrahi Bank 
• Senior Research Analyst, Ofek Securities 
EFTA00729836
--- PAGE 8 ---
The Strategy 
• 
Primary focus on Israeli-related equities listed in Israel, US and Europe 
• 
Fundamentally driven, "bottom-up" approach to stock picking with emphasis on 
in-depth company research 
• 
Exceptional access and understanding of company managements I
EFTA00729837
--- PAGE 9 ---
The Opportunity: 
"All Weather 
Approach" 
• 
Capture emerging market-style returns with developed market-style volatility 
• 
Consistent capture of market gains (strong stock picking) and capital 
preservation in periods of turbulence (careful risk management, shorts and 
index options) 
I
EFTA00729838
--- PAGE 10 ---
Value Based 
Investment Style 
"Bottom-up", fundamental research coupled with close, ongoing dialogue with management 
• Highly experienced, multi-sector research capabilities 
• Regular direct contacts with company management (c.250 companies) 
• Invest only with quality managements with proven track records, transparency and 
integrity 
• Emphasis on companies with established growth and strong earnings prospects 
(reverse for shorts) 
• Opportunistic short positions to profit from overvalued sectors or companies (c.1/2 
of shorts) 
• Defensive shorting to neutralize adverse market moves (c.1/2 of shorts) I
EFTA00729839
--- PAGE 11 ---
• 
Value Scenarios 
and Catalysts 
Strong management teams operating quality companies with proven competitive 
edge and attractive valuations (reverse, plus catalysts for shorts) 
• 
Companies trading below intrinsic value, highly liquid balance sheets with 
established valuation floors (reverse, plus catalysts for shorts) 
• 
Dislocated trading multiples due to temporary macro concerns (reverse, plus 
catalysts for shorts) 
• 
Shifts in product cycles and market sentiment 
• 
Restructuring stories, e.g. M&A activity 
• 
VC and Private Equity transitions to market 
EFTA00729840
--- PAGE 12 ---
Investment 
Process 
A 
Sector and 
company screening 
In-depth due 
diligence 
New investments/ 
updating positions 
Exit 
investments 
• Review and assess macro 
• Strength & depth of 
• Ongoing dialogue with 
• Disciplined profit / loss 
trends and market dynamics 
management 
management 
strategy 
• Identify attractive sectors 
for long/short positions 
• "Bottom-up" business and 
financial analysis 
• Quarterly one-to-one 
meetings 
• Hedge sectors / companies 
to limit risk 
• Undervalued / overvalued 
• Competitive positioning 
companies (P/E, revenue & 
profitability, cash flow, 
balance sheet analysis) 
• Value proposition 
• Define objectives, triggers 
(technology, barriers, 
customers) 
• Buy/Sell strength, 
momentum, sensitivity 
analysis 
• Expert consultants 
• Update investment thesis 
and relative value 
proposition 
• Assess risk/reward of 
position 
• Opportunistically increase/ 
decrease positions based 
on market movements 
(1p4 
Intimate access to management teams, robust analytic platform, proven success 
EFTA00729841
--- PAGE 13 ---
Portfolio 
Construction 
■ 
No of positions 
- 50 
■ 
Position sizes 
1% - 3% on entry 
■ 
Max position size 
15% (typically 10-12%) 
■ 
Average market cap. 
>$1 billion 
• 
Typical concentration 
"Core" top 10 holdings = 35% - 45% 
Exposure 
• 
Gross — typical range (min/max) 
• 
Net — typical range 
• 
Net historical range 
• 
Turnover 
• 
Liquidity 
• 
Short & Hedging Positions 
70% - 110% 
40% - 60% long 
neutral - 80% long 
c.70%-100% per annum 
The entire portfolio can theoretically be 
liquidated in less than 15 days at a third 
of daily volume, >50% within 1 day 
Individual shorts, ETFs, stock and index 
options. Options for currency hedging 
EFTA00729842
--- PAGE 14 ---
Average Net 
Annual Returns 
Average Net Annual Returns* 2001 — Aug 2010 
2,1 
19-
4% 
-6% 
17.9% 
SPHERA 
TA100 
1.6% 
NASDAQ 
8.4% 
SEtP500 
TA25 
4Sphera returns are net of all fees; 
2004-Present returns are all in U.S. Dollar terms; Historical returns for 2001-2003 are presented in Shekels and were reviewed and audited by KPMG. 
M
W 
EFTA00729843
--- PAGE 15 ---
Accumulated 
Performance 
Comparison 
Sphera* vs. Equity Indices 2004 — 2010 
195% 
145% 
95% 
45% 
-5% 
-55% 
154% 
96% 
I 
6% 
-6% 
Since 1.1.2004 
99% 
*Sphera returns are net of all fees; 
71% 
27% 
Since 1.1.2005 
Since 1.1.2006 
29% 
-9% 1
 II 
-20% 
-29% 
Since 1.1.2007 
Since 1.1.2008 
27% 
S 
-8% IIMP 
-24% 
2% 
I•
_796
mop 
-6% 
1.1. 2008-31.12.2009 
Since 1.1.2010 
Crisis & Recovery 
SPHERA 
TA 100 
NASDAQ 
SP500 
EFTA00729844
--- PAGE 16 ---
Monthly Net 
Returns 
Jan 
Feb 
Mar 
Apr 
May 
June 
July 
Aug 
Sep 
Oct 
Nov 
Dec 
Sphera 
S8.
5010)
TA 100 
2010 
1.2% 
1.9% 
4.4% 
-2.0% 
-5.3% 
-1.0% 
2.5% 
0.4% 
1.9% 
-5.9% 
-1.7% 
2009 
3.0% 
0.5% 
2.5 % 
6.0% 
4.0% 
0.7% 
5.3% 
1.2% 
2.9% 
2.4% 
2.2% 
4.3% 
40.7% 
23.4% 
88.8%
2008 
-3.1% 
-0.8% 
-3.7% 
1.3% 
2.1% 
-2.1% 
-1.2% 
-0.1% 
-4.0% 
0.3% 
0.3% 
1.1% 
-9.98% 
-38.5% 
-51.1% 
2007 
2.3% 
2.1% 
2.0% 
3.3% 
4.0% 
1.7% 
1.4% 
-3.2% 
3.2% 
5.5% 
-2.9% 
1.1% 
22.1% 
3.5% 
25.3% 
2006 
2.7% 
-0.3% 
-0.3% 
3.4% 
-0.3% 
-3.0% 
0.3% 
2.0% 
-1.0% 
2.0% 
1.5% 
1.5% 
8.6% 
13.6% 
12.0% 
2005 
3.8% 
4.5% 
0.7% 
-1.2% 
0.6% 
-3.1% 
2.1% 
1.5% 
3.0% 
-0.1% 
2.5% 
0.7% 
16.0% 
3.0% 
29.4% 
2004 
7.1% 
-0.4% 
-0.1% 
1.3% 
-1.7% 
2.6% 
-2.7% 
0.9% 
2.4% 
1.1% 
8.8% 
6.35 
28.0% 
9.0% 
19.0% 
2003 
4.6% 
1.1% 
4.5% 
6.3% 
8.2% 
4.9% 
2.1% 
-0.1% 
4.7% 
6.2% 
3.6% 
1.0% 
58.3% 
26.4% 
60.7% 
2002 
-1.4% 
-0.4% 
0.9% 
-2.5% 
0.4% 
-2.9% 
-1.0% 
1.1% 
-0.5% 
0.8% 
5.8% 
-0.3% 
-0.2% 
-23.4% 
-25.6% 
2001 
5.2% 
-3.9% 
-4.7% 
9.6% 
5.8% 
2.6% 
-1.1% 
3.9% 
-8.0% 
-0.8% 
5.1% 
8.0% 
22.0% 
-13.0% 
-8.7% 
*Sphera returns are net of all fees; 
2004-present returns are all in U.S. Dollar terms. All investments are $ hedged; Historical returns for 2001-2003 are presented in Shekels and were reviewed and approved 
by KPMG. 
EFTA00729845
--- PAGE 17 ---
Net Exposure 
& Short Contribu ion 
Period 
Net Exposure (%) 
Long 
Contribution 
(% of profit) 
Short 
Contribution 
(% of profit) 
2001 
32% 
74% 
26% 
2002 
47% 
-164% 
264% 
2003 
53% 
108% 
-8% 
2004 
65% 
101% 
-1% 
2005 
58% 
123% 
-23% 
2006 
67% 
116% 
-16% 
2007 
76% 
106% 
-6% 
2008 
33% 
-243% 
143% 
2009 
54% 
122% 
-22% 
Q12010 
76% 
114% 
-14% 
Q2 2010 
71% 
-132% 
32% 
Q3 2010 
40% 
68% 
32% 
Comments 
Approximately 0% net exposure during and 
after the Lebanon war 
Net exposure of approximately 60% in Q1,2 
and 13% in Q3,4 
For the months of July & August 
EFTA00729846
--- PAGE 18 ---
Historical 
Net Exposure 
120% 
100% 
80% 
60% 
40% 
20% 
0% 
Quarterly 
Monthly 
Basis 
Basis 
III
coe 
Z`11 
se$) 
. 
•
•
 S 
155)
la
▪ 
c
O- O
\ 
• 0 0 
ASP
01)
▪ 
• 0
O--
s) 
0E- 
tv-
EFTA00729847
--- PAGE 19 ---
Sharpe Ratio: Jan 2001 — Aug 2010 
Annualized Std. Deviation: Jan 2001 — Aug 2010 
2.0 
1.6 
1.2 
0.8 
0.4 
-0.4 
1.5 
SPHERA 
0.3 
-0.2 
TA100 
NASDAQ 
-0.3 
SEtP500 
30% 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
10.7% 
SPHERA 
21.3% 
TA100 
4Sphera returns are net of all fees; 
2004-present returns are all in U.S. Dollar terms; Historical returns for 2001-2003 are presented in Shekels and were reviewed and approved by KPMG. 
23.9% 
NASDAQ 
16.1% 
SEtP500 
EFTA00729848
--- PAGE 20 ---
Rolling 
12-months 
performance 
5.00% 
.5.00% 
15.00% 
5.00% 
55.00% 
15.00% 
55.00% 
-12.80'4 
SPHERA 
Sphera vs. Equity indices: Worst 12 months since 2001 
-51.14% 
TA100 
-42. 29% 
NASDAQ 
-44.76% 
•Sphera returns are net of all fees; 
2004-present returns are all in U.S. Dollar terms; Historical returns for 2001-2003 are presented in Shekels and were reviewed and approved by KPMG. 
SEtP500 
EFTA00729849
--- PAGE 21 ---
Sphera Fund -
Assets under 
Management 
200.000 
150.000 
100.000 
50.000 
250.000 
Quarterly 
Monthly 
Basis 
Basis 
n1 
0b 
es 
og 
IP 
.0.1/4 
O.). 3 
WV' 
se99% 
tek). 
jot 05 
(\cc-O 
/0
oct• 
mat 01 
vs . 3 
vic" es po• 
not  
BPc ' 
seP 
jan 10 
‘‘.0"" ‘0
EFTA00729850
--- PAGE 22 ---
Disciplined Risk 
Management 
Strict emphasis on risk reduction and diversification tools 
• Broad sector diversification and ample liquidity 
• Maximum 15% concentration in a single investment 
• No foreign currency exposure — portfolio is dollar-hedged (An Israeli Shekel Feeder 
Fund was launched in July 2008) 
• Strict liquidity policy (internal liquidity benchmark) 
• No use of leverage 
• Manage volatility and exposure through derivatives and options 
Disciplined trading strategies 
• Frequent use of stop-loss and position hedging 
• Using multiple international and local brokers for optimizing order execution and 
efficiency
El I
EFTA00729851
--- PAGE 23 ---
Risk Analysis 
January 2001 to August 2010 
Sphera 
TA100 
Nasdaq 
S&P500 
Compounded ROR 
17.9% 
8.2% 
-1.6% 
-2.3% 
Mean Return (Monthly) 
1.4% 
0.7% 
-0.1% 
-0.2% 
0/0 of Positive Months 
68.4% 
60.7% 
52.1% 
58.1% 
Months Sphera outperformed index when index declined 
97.8% 
94.5% 
91.7% 
Months Sphera outperformed index when index gained 
18.1% 
19.4% 
59.4% 
Annualized Standard Deviation since inception 
10.7% 
21.3% 
23.9% 
16.1% 
Per 
Correlation 
70.7% 
61.6% 
57.6% 
Beta 
35.4% 
27.5% 
35.4% 
*Sphera returns are net of all fees; 
2004-present returns are all in U.S. Dollar terms; Historical returns for 2001-2003 are presented in Shekels and wee reviewed and approved by KPMG. 
EFTA00729852
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case Study: 
Elbit Systems Ltd. 
• 
Elbit Systems Ltd. is an international defense electronics company engaged in a wide range of defense-
related programs throughout the world 
• 
The company develops, manufactures and integrates advanced high-performance defense electronic and 
electro-optic systems for its customers 
• 
Elbit systems also focuses on the upgrading of existing military platforms and developing new 
technologies for defense and homeland security applications 
• 
Among Elbit System's larger clients are the Israeli Defense Force, U.S. military and DoD, and may other 
security agencies 
• 
The company has been an active consolidator in the Israeli defense industry, investing over $1 billion in 
the last few years to scale up and build a truly global defense vendor 
• 
Sphera established an initial position in Elbit Systems towards the end of 2006, following a broad review 
and analysis of the company's markets, positioning and potential future earning power. Further, we have 
developed an ongoing close dialogue with Elbit's senior management which provides us with better insight 
into the business, challenges and opportunities 
I
• 
Elbit System's market cap is approximately $3.0B 
El 
EFTA00729853
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case Study: 
Elbit Systems Ltd. 
30000.0 
Q4. 2009: 
25000.0 
Exit Position 
Q2. 2008: 
20000.0 
dec. 2006: 
Increase Position 
Establish Positron 
mar. 2009: 
15000.0 
may. 2007: 
Realize some profits 
10000.0 
ir.creme. Ho;d:r:;s 
5000.0 
( 
0.0 
a-‹ 
Jan. 07 mar. 07 
may. 07 
Jul. 07 
sep. 07 
nov. 07 
Jan. 08 mar. 08 
may. 08 
Jul. 08 
sep. 08 
nov. 08 
jan. 09 
mar. 09 may. 09 
jut. 09 
sep. 09 
nov. 09 
jan. 10 
T.4100 
ELBIT Systems 
EFTA00729854
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case Study: 
Bezeq Ltd. 
• 
Bezeq is Israel's largest telecommunications service provider. Bezeq and its subsidiaries offer the full 
range of telecommunication services including domestic, international and cellular phone services; 
broadband Internet and other data communications services; multi-channel television; leased lines, and 
corporate networks 
• 
Bezeq has a highly defensive business model with low debt/capital, FCF yield of over 12% and >10% 
dividend yield 
• 
Following an extensive analysis and research that covered Bezeq's strategic initiatives, cost reduction 
efforts and expected imminent regulatory relief, we established a meaningful position in 1Q:2008 in the 
stock with the intention of benefiting from strong dividend yield as well as capital appreciation from 
expanding multiples. We believe Bezeq is among the best positioned companies to weather the downturn 
and strengthen its competitive positioning over the next 12-24 months 
• 
Bezeq is traded at $6.5b market cap 
I
EFTA00729855
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case Study: 
Bezeq Ltd. 
1200.0 
1000.0 
800.0 
600.0 
400.0 
200.0 
0.0 
jan. 07 mar. 07 may. 07 jul. 07 sep. 07 nov. 07 jan. 08 mar. 08 may. 08 jut. 08 sep. 08 nov. 08 jan. 09 mar. 09 may. 09 jul. 09 sep. 09 nov. 09 jan. 10 mar. 10 may. 10 
TA100 
Bezeq 
Ql. 2008: 
Establish Position 
Q2. 2008: 
Increase Position 
feb. 09: 
Increase position 
Q2. 2010: 
Further increasing 
position 
dec. 08: 
Reduce Weight 
EFTA00729856
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case Study: 
Delek Real Estate 
• 
Delek Real Estate is an international real estate firm engaged in investments in commercial income-
yielding properties in Western Europe, Israel and Canada 
• 
The company's portfolio is primarily focused on commercial and office properties in the U.K, Germany, 
Israel, Switzerland and Canada 
• 
Following a massive assets acquisition strategy during 2055-2007, the company faced an overly leveraged 
balance sheet with debt comprising more than 90% of the capital structure. The company recently 
embarked in an aggressive de-leveraging process and assets dispositions 
• 
Having anticipated an industry-wide increase in cap rates as well as intensifying difficulties in refinancing 
debt, we established a short position in mid-2008 and increased it as we realized the magnitude of the 
issues in the marketplace 
• 
Subsequent to a steep drop in the stock price during the remainder of 2008, we covered the position in 
January 2009 as we assessed the stock had hit bottom 
EFTA00729857
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case Study: 
Delek Real Estate 
4000.0 
3500.0 
3000.0 
2500.0 
2000.0 
1500.0 
1000.0 
500.0 
0.0 
Sep. /Oct. 08: 
Increase short 
position 
Jul. OS 
St d Du sii 
'()1 t POSIt 10'1 
Jan. 09: 
Cover position/close 
position 
Jan. 07 mar. 07 
may. 07 jul. 07 sep. 07 
nov. 07 jan. 08 mar. 08 may. 08 jut. 08 sep. OS 
nov. 08 Jan. 09 mar. 09 may. 09 
jut. 09 sep. 09 nay. 09 
jan. 10 
jan. 10 
TA100 
Detek RE 
EFTA00729858
--- PAGE 30 ---
Terms and 
Structure 
• 
Annual management fees 1.5% (for US$ feeder) or 1.75% (for NIS feeder), 
collected monthly 
• 
20% performance fees, subject to high water mark 
• 
Minimum investment $500,000 
• 
Monthly subscriptions and valuations 
• 
Quarterly liquidity with 30 days' notice 
• 
Domicile: British Virgin Island 
• 
Master-feeder structure (can admit US taxable investors) 
EFTA00729859
--- PAGE 31 ---
Who invested 
in Sphera? 
The largest insurance companies in Israel 
Provident funds and pension funds 
The biggest banks in Israel (Prop Accounts) 
Private wealth management customers of different Banks 
The largest family offices in Israel 
Several tens of investors and wealthy families from Israel, Europe and the US 
Leading fund of funds abroad 
Foundations & Endowments 
EFTA00729860
--- PAGE 32 ---
Service 
Providers 
Administrator: 
Citi Hedge Fund Services (Ireland) Limited 
Custodian & Prime Broker: 
Bank Hapoalim B.M. 
Auditor: 
KPMG 
Legal counsel: 
Herzog, Fox & Neeman, Maples and Calder 
Ropes & Gray (USA) 
Tax Trustee: 
Rave Ravid, CPA 
EFTA00729861
--- PAGE 33 ---
Transparency —
Accounting, 
Trustees & 
Auditors 
• 
All of our funds maintain accounts exclusively with regulated banks: Bank 
Hapoalim and United Mizrahi Bank 
• 
Fund administrator & independent trustee supervise all money transferred in 
and out of the Funds' accounts to third parties 
• 
CITI Hedge Fund Services (Ireland) Limited 
• 
Poalim Trust Services Limited 
• 
The valuation of the Funds assets are supervised monthly by an objective 
party. Capital accounts are reviewed on a monthly basis by Rave Ravid CPA 
which is retained by the fund as tax trustee for the Israeli Tax Authorities 
• 
The Funds' auditors are KPMG 
• 
The Fund produces financial reports quarterly and audited reports annually 
EFTA00729862
--- PAGE 34 ---
Appendix 
EFTA00729863
--- PAGE 35 ---
The Israeli 
Economy 
The Israeli economy has resumed its fast GDP growth rates 
• 
Mild and brief recession ended in Q2:09 
• 2Q:2010 GDP growth of 4.7% 
• Robust domestic consumption; growing real-estate sector 
• Unleveraged consumer, healthy B/S 
• Export markets bottomed in 2009, shifting weight to EM 
• 
Well-positioned to benefit from global recovery amid lower downside risk (large 
FX reserves, current account surplus) 
• 
Stable and balanced economy with defensive structure 
• 
Highly attractive valuation multiples vs. developed and developing markets (11xP/E 2010) 
Historically low interest rates (1.75%), contained inflation (2-3%) support improving 
fundamentals and fixed investments 
I
EFTA00729864
--- PAGE 36 ---
Israel Recent 
Economic 
Highlights 
2008 
2009 
1Q2010 
2Q2010 
Real GDP Growth Rate (0/0) 
4.2% 
0.8% 
3.6% 
4.7% 
Unemployment Rate (%) 
6.1% 
7.6% 
7.0% 
6.2% 
Current Account Surplus ( 0/0 of GDP) 
0.7% 
3.8% 
Inflation Rate (%) 
4.5% 
3.3% 
-0.9% 
1.5% 
Business GDP (0/0) 
4.5% 
-0.2% 
4.6% 
6.0% 
W 
ct) 
Source: Israel's Central Bureau of Statistics 
EFTA00729865
--- PAGE 37 ---
Israel Recent 
Economic 
Highlights 
Rating Finn 
Term 
Domestic Bonds 
Forecast 
Overseas Bonds 
Rating 
Rating 
Long 
Al 
she e 
Al 
Moody's 
Short 
Pt 
Long 
AA- 
Sho e 
A 
Standard & Poor's 
Short 
A 1 - 
A-1 
Long 
Ai 
Sho e 
A 
Fitch 
Short 
Ft 
Source: Israel's Ministry of Finance 
EFTA00729866
--- PAGE 38 ---
Israel Recent 
Economic 
Highlights 
Moodys 
& Fitch 
AaTAA- 
_ 
Al/A+ 
A2/A 
ANA-
Baal /BBB+ 
Baa2/EIBB 
BaalBBB-
Moody's 
S&P 
Fitch 
1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 
Source: Israel's Ministry of Finance 
EFTA00729867
--- PAGE 39 ---
- 
41-71CI
H 
a cc' 
I
5.6% 
4.6% 
3.6% 
3.2% 
5.0% 
5.10% 
3.1% 
5.7% 
5.4% 
4.2% 
2.8% 
2.50% 
2.6% 
2.0% 
1.5% 
1.6% 
0.5% 
0.5% 
-0.5% 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
Since 2004, Israel's growth rate has exceeded the average growth rate of advanced economies. 
-1.5% 
In 2009, as most of the world experienced a decline in GDP, Israel experienced a 0.7% growth 
in it's GDP 
-2.5% 
 I 
-3.5% 
Advanced Economies * 
Israel Growth 
0.8% 
-3.20°4 
Source: Israel's Ministry of Finance 
EFTA00729868
--- PAGE 40 ---
IMD World 
Competitiveness 
Yearbook 2010 
Israel is 
at: 
 Resilience of the economy to economic cycles 
 Central Bank policy 
 Skilled labor 
 Public and private sector ventures 
 Innovative capacity 
 Total expenditure on R&D 
 Business expenditure on R&D 
Israel is 
 Youth unemployment 
 Finance skills 
 Entrepreneurship of managers 
 Flexibility and adaptability of people 
 Scientific research (public and private) 
Source: International Institute for Management and Development (IMD), World Competitiveness Yearbook 2010 
EFTA00729869
--- PAGE 41 ---
Central Bank 
Interest Rates: 
Israel and U.S.A 
4.5% 
4.0% 
3.5% 
3.0% 
2.5% 
2.0% 
1.5% 
1.0% 
Bank of Israel Rate (BOI) 
0.5% 
U.S. Federal Funds Rate 
0.0% 
% 
% 
N9 
<L. 
\ 
bi 
Co 
% 
-0.5% 
(19 
The Bank of Israel was the first in the western 
world to raise interest since the outburst of 
the economic crisis. 
The rate was raised gradually from 0.5% to 
1.75% 
1.25% 
1.75% 
1.50% 
1.50% 
NO 
\N. 
\q, 
q, 
tx 
<0 
Co 
A 
cb 
(19 
( 
Source: Bank of Israel (8O1), Federal Reserve 
EFTA00729870
--- PAGE 42 ---
5.00 
4.50 
4.00 
3.50 
3.00 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
1.00 
0.50 
0.00 
Israel -
Expenditure 
on R&D 
Israel is ranked ist of all OECD countries by expenditure on R&D (research & development) 
as percentage of GDP (4.864 %), demonstrating innovation, development and creativity. 
(selected countries, as percentage of GDP, 2008) 
....m iimmilmillii ill II II 
4.86 
a , .1, ,, 
e 4* 
4P 
I q 
si 43 
. z:, , z,--
4, 1) 4, 
e e 4? 4 p o e p # es 
& .4P 4 e 4P / 
 co e 4) 1 45 i 
& .4,, & ? -41 gt‘ a
 4\  5 
* 4  € e 
13 $ 't al) kt 6 41 d 'co e 
-0 ) kor c., & 
& 
`I) 41
42, e t ,' ; 
tb N- 0, 
?t, 4) 
--f' 0 tir so 
e. 4 4, Ci 
.` 
48) 
# 1.O 
& 
-% 
Q -tu
b  4% 
• se cl3 
A- 
 s 0 
.t 
ct 
-z-. .7.)? 
& 
,s- 
# 
4, 
.0 
05' 
k 
# 
* 
... 
c." 
S 
et'
S 
42-
Source: OECD 
EFTA00729871
--- PAGE 43 ---
Israel — Real GDP 
Growth 
(selected countries, annual percentage of change, 2009) 
-2 
-4 
-6 
-8 
-10 J 
ct* St OO its* cl dat ke° 
ep 
\ 
e 
e 
\ c5* 
# 
Jo 
Source: OECD 
( 
.03\ 
tk• ez1 4, 
,1 
<e- ere 40 ,f) O ts‘ 
q 09 c)i> 
(e) 
e e 
Pe
e 
<I>
 it\ 
cog Es° a (,) # 
.;) 
se 
4C"' 
esb 
bet. eep (S, 4 
s\ 
er 45\ 1 . # 
er 
O 
 4. i d, 4 
\12P 
°
to 
• 
+ 
• # qt. 
It• 
c31%
+es
Go 04, 
O 
S 
EFTA00729872
--- PAGE 44 ---
Sphera in light of 
Political, Financial 
and Security Events 
400.00% 
350.00% 
300.00% 
250.00% 
Jul 06: 
2nd Lebanon War 
Sep 08: Lehman 
Brother file C. 11 
340, it. 
Mar 03: 
Dec 08: Operation 
200.00% 
Iraq war 
Cast Lead 
Mar 02: Operation 
150.00% 
89.6% 
Defensive Shield 
100.00% 
2000: 3rd Intifada 
20022004: 
50.00% 
Israel at Recession 
-14.1% 
0.00% 
( 
-50.00% 
-19.9% 
•100.00% 
dec.00 jun.01 dec.01 jun.02 dec.02 jun.03 
dec.03 jun.04 
dec.04 jun.05 
dec.05 
jun.06 
dec.06 jun.07 
dec.07 jun.08 
dec.08 jun.09 
SPHERA 
TA-100 
NASDAQ 
SP500 
EFTA00729873
--- PAGE 45 ---
Sphera's 
Performance Vs. 
Hedge Fund Indices 
January 2001 to July 2010 
2010 YTD 
2009 
2008 
2007 
2006 
2005 
2004 
2003 
2002 
2001 
Sphera 
1.9% 
40.7% 
-10.0% 
22.10/0 
8.6% 
16.0% 
28.0% 
58.3% 
-0.2% 
22.0% 
CS/T HF Index 
CS Long/ Short HF 
2.5% 
-1.9% 
18.6% 
19.5% 
-19.8% 
13.7% 
14.4% 
7.6% 
9.6% 
15.4% 
9.7% 
11.6% 
17.3% 
3.0% 
-0.02% 
4.4% 
-3.7% 
*Sphera returns are net of all fees; 
2004-present returns are all in U.S. Dollar terms; Historical returns for 2001-2003 are presented in Shekels and were reviewed and approved by KPMG. 
EFTA00729874
--- PAGE 46 ---
Performance 
in Turbulent 
Conditions 
Sphera vs. TA100 Falls > 3% 
10.00% 
5.00% 
-5.00% 
-10.00 
-15.00% 
I I 
II • 
II pl l HI p p 1 riv 
I' 
ON 
1' a a a ot a \a “fr 
c9 
e,e 
e 
e 
e e
~ ay
NO 
\e' 
eSIP' seC'ke0' (O' e' 
se' ern' Sec' LstP"t1 • ty 20%. v.t• .t1- 2O 
1' ..st• 02-(- \‘31‘. 
Q. 0O-* 
JOB 
• oec' zEP 
• 
SPHERA 
• TA-100 
EFTA00729875
--- PAGE 47 ---
Performance 
in Turbulent 
Conditions 
Sphera vs. Nasdaq Falls > 3% 
10.00% 
5.00% 
-5.00% 
-10.00 
-15.00% 
-20.00% 
-25.00% 
I 
111 Pr 11 I I' P 
r 
0 
0 0 61. <SI. 0' 
'0' 
61. 
61. 
Ot* 
0‘ 
# 
\ 0 3 
0% 
0%
# 
Q") 
'Zoe/ 
cf/ 
1° 
1° 
kelp (k-* 
tPCIi sekv• t 
seC. efr. 
'\*P. SC. e
t  P 
• CO. P C‘. kit). 
OCC. 
ke•Sr  06C. SP - e t
• SPHERA 
• Nasdaq 
EFTA00729876
--- PAGE 48 ---
Sphera 
Contact Persons 
Dana Zwillinger 
Director of Global Marketing 
& Investors Relations 
Tel: + 
Mob: 
E-mail: 
Miki Zaharia 
Director of Marketing 
& Investors Relation 
E-mail: 
EFTA00729877
--- PAGE 49 ---
CERTAIN RISKS OF HEDGE FUND INVESTING 
Due to the risks of investing in a hedge fund, it is important to perform proper due diligence in evaluating and choosing fund managers to place your money with. Additional information on hedge funds is available from 
several soirees including (in the United States) the SEC •- Hedging Your Bests: A Heads Up on Hedge Funds and Funds of Hedge Funds (httplAvww.sec.goWansivers/hedoe.htm) and the Financial Industry Regulatory 
Authority 
FINRA Investor Alert - Funds of Hedge Funds - Higher Costs and Risks for Higher Potential Returns (http:fiwynv.finre.oraiInvestors/ProtectYourseffilrwestorAlerts/MutualFunds/P006015). This summary of 
certain risks is not a complete list of the risks and other important disclosures involved in investing in a hedge fund, and is subject to the more complete disclosures contained in a specific hedge 
fund's respective offering documents. You should read those documents carefully before you invest to determine whether an investment is suitable for you in light of, among other things, your financial situation, 
need for liquidity, tax situation, and other investments. Privately offered investment vehicles commonly called hedge funds ("Hedge Funds," which include fund of funds) are unregistered private collective investment 
funds that invest and trade n many different markets, strategies, and instruments (includig securities, nonsectrities, and derivatives). There are substantial risks of investing in Hedge Funds. You could lose all or a 
substantial portion of your investment in a Hedge Fund. You must have the financial ability, sophistication, experience, and willingnms to bear the risks of an investment in a Hedge Fund. An I-tvestment in a Hedge Fund 
entails risks that are different from more traditional investments and is not suitable or desirable for all investors. Only qualified eligible investors should invest in Hedge Funds. You should obtain investment and tax advice 
from you advisers before deciding to invest. Index rettrns are shown for illustrative purposes only and are not representative of any particular product. The S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index used as a general 
measure of market performance. Indexes are unmanaged, do not incur management fees, costs and expenses, and cannot be invested in Steely. 
The risks associated with investing in a Hedge Fund generally include: 
* Absence of Regulatory Oversight - Since Hedge Funds are typically prwate investments, they are not subject to the oversight and scattily from financial regulatory entities such as the Securities and Exchange 
Commission ("SEC") or the UK's Financial Services Authority ("FSA") and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as regulated open-end investment companies, mutual funds or Undertakings for CoIective 
Investment in Transferable Securities ("UCITS"), including requirements for such entities to provide certain periodic pricing and valuation information to investors, or certain dosed•end investment companies. Hedge fund 
offering documents are not reviewed or approved by the SEC or any US state securities administrator or by the FSA or any other national, supranational or local regulatory body. Also, managers may not be required by 
law or regulation to supply investors with their portfolio holdings, pricing, or valuation information. 
* Portfolio Concentration; Volatility - Many Hedge Funds may have a more concentrated or less diversified portfolio than an average mutual fund, UCITS, or other authorized collective investment scheme. Fa 
example, a mutual fund or other authorized collective 1-westment scheme may have 100 to 200 positions while a Hedge Fund can average between 25 and 45 positions. While a more concentrated portfolio can have 
good results when a manager is correct, it can also cause a portfolio to have higher volatility. 
• Strategy Risk - Many Hedge Funds employ a single investment strategy. Thus, a Hedge Fund may be subject to strategy risk, associated with the failure or deterioration of an entire strategy. Strategy spedk losses 
can result from excessive concentration by multiple Hedge Fund managers in the same investment or broad events that adversely affect particular strategies. 
• Use of Leverage and Other Speculative Investment Practices - Since many Hedge Fund managers use leverage and speculative investment strategies such as options and short sales, investors should be aware 
of the potential risks. When used prudently and for the purpose of risk reduction, thrse instruments can add value ['Deport-folio. However, when leverage is used excessively and the market goes down, a portfolio can 
suffer tremendously. Also, managers can face additional risk when selling short. In theory, the loss associated with shorted stocks is infinite, because stacks can go up indefinitely. So, while selling short can add return 
and risk reduction to a portfolio, managers need to pay special attention to their short positions. In the same way, when options are used to hedge a portfolio (i.e., short calls and buy puts), the pordofio's volatility can 
be reduced. However, when options are used to speculate (i.e., buy calls, short puts), a portfolio's returns can suffer and the risk of the portfolio can increase. 
* Valuations - Further there have been a number of high profile instances where Hedge Fund managers have mispriced portfolios, either as an act of fraud or negligence. 
* Past Performance - Past performance is not necessariy indicative and is not a guarantee of a Hedge Fund's future results or performance. Some Hedge Funds may have Me or no operating history or performance 
and may use hypothetical or pro forma performance that may not reflect actual trading done by the manager or advisor and should be reviewed carefully. Investors should not place undue reliance on hypothetical or pro 
forma performance. 
* Limited Liquidity - Investors in Hedge Funds often have limited rights to redeem or transfer their investments. In addition, site Hedge Funds are not fisted on any exchange, it is not expected that there will be a 
secondary market for them. Repurchases may be available, but only on a limited basis. A Hedge Fund's manager may deny a request to transfer if it determines that the transfer may result n adverse legal or tax 
consequences for the Hedge Fund. 
• Tax Risks - Investors in certain jurisdictions and in Hedge Funds may be subject to pass-through tax treatment on their investment. This may result in an investor inning tax liabilities during a year in which the 
investor does not receive a distribution of any cash from the Fund. In addition, an investor may not receive any or only limited tax information Iran Hedge Fund and funds of Hedge Funds may not receive tax information 
from underlying managers in a sufficiently timely manner to enable an investor to file its retum without requesting an extension of time to file. In certain jurisoctiors a lack of tax information may result in an Investor 
being taxed on a deemed basis at an adverse rate of tax. 
•Reliance on Fund Manager; Lack of Transparency - A Hedge Funds manager or adviser has total trading authority over the Hedge Fund. There is often a lack of transparency as to a Hedge Fund's uncle-rig 
investments Because of this lack of transparency, an investor may be unable to monitor the specific investments made by the Hedge Fund or to know whether the underlying fund's investments are consistent with the 
Hedge Fund's historic investment philosophy or risk levels. Due to the risks mentioned above, it is important to perform proper due diligence in evaluating and choosing Hedge Fuld managers to place your money 
with. There have been occasions when Hedge Fund managers took on too much risk n their portfolio and lost a substantial amount of thS investors' money. 
EFTA00729878
--- PAGE 50 ---
This presentation is issued by Sphere Funds Management ("Sphere). 21 Hearbeah Street. Tel Aviv which is not an authorized or regulated advisor. In the UK this presentation is exempt from the general restriction on 
the communication of invitations or inducements to engage in ',vestment activity contakied in Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 on the grounds that it is deeded only at persons who are of a kind 
to whom the Fund may lawfully be promoted under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2035 (the 'Order). being: Investment professionals within the mewing of Article 19 of the 
Order. being persons having professional experience', matters relating to investments high nel worth corporations and partnerships and the trustees of high value trusts within the meaning of Article 49 of the Order 
Sophisticated investors with', the meaning of Article 50 of the Order. being persons who have a current certificate signed by an authorized person to the effect that they are sufficiently knowledgeable to understand the 
risks associated with the investments described in this presentation and have signed in the 12 months prior to this presentation a statement in the form sel out in Article 50 of the Order Associations of high net worth 
corporations or scphisticated investors within the meaning of Article 51 of the Order 
The shares in the Fund (the 'Shares") will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933. as amended (the '1933 Act') or under the securities legislation of any state of the United States or approved by the US 
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal or state government or self-regulatory agency. No governmental or other agency has passed or nil pass cpinion on the accuracy or adequacy of this 
presentation. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. The Shares will be offered for investment only to 'accredited investors' within the meaning of Regulation D under the 1933 Act pursuant to the 
exemption from registration provided by section 4(2) of the 1933 Act and certain relevant state securities laws. 
Since the Shares have not been registered under the 1933 Ad or any other relevant US state securities laws, purchasers of the Shares will be required to bear the economic risk of their investment for an indefinite period 
unless such interests are subsequently registered under the 1933 Act or such state laws or an exemption therefrom is available. and purchasers will be required to agree that the Shares wi not be transferred without 
such registration or an exemption therefrom. 
An investment in the Fund will be available only to the types of person listed above. Please identify yourself immediately if you are not such a person. No other person should ad or rely on the contents of this 
presentation. 
By accepting this presentation. by your edict, you warrant. represent. acknowledge and agree that you are one or more of the types of person listed above. 
The content of this presentation has not been approved by an authorized person within the mearkig of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Reliance on this presentation for the purpose of engaging in any 
investment activity may expose an individual to a significant risk of losing all of the properly or other assets invested or of ilcurring further fiabilly. The presentation refers to certain events as having occurred which have 
not occurred on the date of this document, but which are expected to occur prior to the publication of the Listing Particulars 
relation to the Fund. 
Any person in doubt about the investment to which this presentation relates should consult an authorized person specializing in advising on investments of this nature. 
These materials are strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in whole or in part nor may their contents be disclosed to any other person without the prior written consent of Sphere Funds 
Management Limited. 
The proposals outlined in this presentation are preliminary. This presentation neither constitutes a prospectus nor an offer nor an invitation to apply for interests in the Fund. The information provided in this presentation 
is for background purposes only and may be materially updated, ewer:feted. revised or amended. It is subject to verification. No reliance should be placed on the information provided in this presentation and no 
representation or warranty, express or implied is made by the Fund.. Sphere Funds Management and its affiliates or any of their respective directors. officers or employees or any other person. and no liability whatsoever 
is accepted by any such person, in relation thereto. 
Applications for the Shares in the Fund may be made only on the basis of the Private Offering Memorandum relating to the Fund . 
EFTA00729879

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729880.pdf
----------------------------------------
SPONSORSHIP OPPORTUNITIES AND FEE LEVELS 
SWEDISH-AMERICAN LIFE SCIENCE SUMMIT 
2010 
GOLD SPONSOR (Official sponsor) 
150,000 SEK 
Specially marked logo on sponsor area of website 
Official program and press release 
free summit attendees 
Opportunity to attend the exclusive Gold Sponsor Dinner 
Select meetings arranged by the Chairman 
PLUS 
Invitation to SALSS Send-Off Dinner in New York, hosted by Swedish Consul General Mr. David Dangoor 
SILVER SPONSOR (Official sponsor) 
75,000 SEK 
Specially marked logo on sponsor area of website 
Official program and press release 
free summit attendees 
Special meetings can be arranged 
Company presentation optional 
Presenting Company (By invitation only) 
30,000 SEK 
Logo on Sponsor Area of Website and Official Program 
free attendee 
30-minute presentation 
Write up on Website in company presentation section 
Attending Guest (By invitation only) 
11,000 SEK 
EFTA00729880

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729881.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY 
FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 
2008 CA 006596 XXXX MB 
JANE DOE, by and through 
JANE DOE'S MOTHER 
as parent and natural guardian, 
Plaintiffs, 
VS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
sand 
Defendants. 
DEFENDANT 
MOTION TO QUASH 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND SET ASIDE CLERK'S DEFAULT 
Defendant 
, pursuant to Rules 1.500(d) and 1.140(b)(5) of the 
Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, moves the Court. first, to quash service of 
process, and second, to set aside the clerk's default entered against her on June 6, 
and as grounds for this relief respectfully states as follows: 
EFTA00729881
--- PAGE 2 ---
Introduction 
The attempt at substituted service on Ms. 
did not comply with Florida 
procedure, and must therefore be quashed. This Court, on grounds of insufficient 
service of process, does not have jurisdiction to enter a default. 
Discussion 
A. 
The attempt at substituted service of process was ineffective. 
is a resident of New York. In an effort to effect substituted 
service on Ms. 
a process server left copies of the pertinent summons and 
complaint with a nonresident doorkeeper who works at 
in 
New York, a multiunit apartment building where Ms. 
maintains a personal 
residence. 
This attempt at substituted service did not comply with Florida 
procedure. 
To serve someone in New York in the context of a Florida lawsuit, an 
"officer authorized to serve process in [New York]" is required, under section 
48.194, Florida Statutes, to effect service "in the same manner as service within 
[Florida]." § 48.194(1), Fla. Stat. (2007). To say it another way, service must 
conform to Florida procedure—not New York procedure. 
Under Florida law, service of process can be effected "by leaving the copies 
[of the summons and complaint] at [the defendant's] usual place of abode with any 
person residing therein who is 15 years of age or older and informing the person 
EFTA00729882
--- PAGE 3 ---
of their contents." § 48.031(1)(a), Fla. Stat. (2007) (emphasis added). It is well 
settled that "[s]tatutes governing service of process should be strictly construed." 
E.g., York Commc'ns, Inc. v. Furst Group, Inc., 724 So.2d 678, 679 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1999). 
In construing section 48.194(1)(a), it is clear that the above doorkeeper was 
not a "person residing" in Ms. 
"usual place of abode" for purposes of 
effecting service. See Schupak v. Sutton Hill Assocs., 710 So. 2d 707, 709 (Fla. 4th 
DCA 1998) ("A fortiori, leaving process with an apartment doorman in the 
apartment lobby is insufficient service."); accord Smith v. FDIC, 711 So. 2d 1367, 
1368 (Fla. 4th DCA 1998) (per curiam) (holding that service of process was 
ineffective where summons and complaint were left with a doorkeeper at the 
defendant's New York City apartment building). 
B. 
This Court has not yet acquired personal jurisdiction over Ms. 
Because there has been no effective service of process, as set forth above, 
this Court has not yet acquired personal jurisdiction over 
. See 
Shuman v. Atlantic Mortgage & Inv. Corp., 795 So. 2d 952, 953 (Fla. 2001) ("It is 
well settled that the fundamental purpose of service [of process] is `to give proper 
notice to the defendant in the case that he is answerable to the claim of plaintiff 
and, therefore, to vest jurisdiction in the court entertaining the controversy.") 
(quoting State ex rel. Merritt v. Heffernan, 195 So. 145, 147 (Fla. 1940)) (emphasis 
EFTA00729883
--- PAGE 4 ---
added). Cf. Borden v. East-European Ins. Co., 921 So. 2d 587, 591 (Fla. 2006) 
(stating that service of process is "necessary before a defendant . . . may be 
compelled to answer a claim brought in a court of law"); see also Space Coast 
Credit Union v. The First, F.A., 467 So. 2d 737, 739 (Fla. 5th DCA 1985) 
(observing that "[i]f the court fails to acquire jurisdiction over the defendant in the 
proper manner, its judgment is void") (citations omitted) (emphasis added). 
For these reasons above, the purported service of process must be quashed, 
and the clerk's default must be set aside as void. 
WHEREFORE, 
respectfully requests an Order quashing the 
purported service of process, and setting aside the clerk's default entered against 
her on June 6. 
EFTA00729884

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729885.pdf
----------------------------------------
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN CLIENT AND ARCHITECT 
FOR ARCHITECTURAL / INTERIORS SERVICES (STC) 
Gensler 
Article 1 • Definitions and General Provisions 
1.1 
Parties. The terms "Client" and "Architect" include each party's 
authorized representatives, officers, directors, shareholders, and 
employees. 
1.2 
Project Budget. The Project Budget includes the construction 
budget, furniture, furnishings, equipment costs, and cost of all goods 
and services to be furnished by Client, Contractor, and any of their 
subcontractors or consultants, and contingency allowances. 
1.3 
Days or Time. Time periods refer to calendar days, unless 
otherwise stated. 
Article 2 - Architect's Services 
2.1 
Architect's services shall be performed as expeditiously as is 
consistent with professional skill and care and the orderly progress of 
the Work 
2.2 
Limitations of Construction Responsibilities. Architect shall not 
have control over, or charge of, and shall not be responsible for, 
construction means, methods, schedules, or delays, or for safety 
precautions and programs in connection with the Work 
Article 3 - Client's Responsibilities 
3.1 
Information. Client shall provide full information regarding the 
requirements for the Project. 
3.2 
Legal and Financial Information. Client shall furnish Architect 
with: (a) a legal description of the property; (b) the name and address 
of the property owner; and (c) the name and address of any 
construction lender(s). 
3.3 
Surveys. Client shall furnish surveys fully describing physical 
characteristics, legal limitations, and utility locations for the Project 
site. 
3.0 
Existing or Base Building Information. Upon request, Client shall 
provide information, drawings, specifications, and other documents 
that describe the existing utility services, site conditions, build-out and 
base building construction, and systems in or with which the Project is 
to be located or integrated. 
3.5 
Client's Consultants. When requested by Architect, or required 
by authorities having jurisdiction over the Project, Client shall furnish 
the services of geotechnical, civil, and environmental engineers and 
any other services required by the scope of the Project. 
3.6 
Tests. Client shall furnish structural, mechanical, chemical, air, 
and water pollution and hazardous materials tests, and other 
laboratory and environmental tests, inspections, and reports required 
by law or by authorities having jurisdiction over the Project, or 
reasonably requested by Architect 
3.7 
Legal, Accounting, and Insurance Services. Client shall furnish 
all legal, accounting, and insurance counseling services as may be 
necessary for the Project. 
3.8 
Client's Services and Information. Architect shall be entitled to 
rely upon the accuracy and completeness of the services, information, 
surveys, and reports provided by Client, Contractor, or any of their 
subcontractors or consultants. 
Article 4 - Construction Cost 
4.1 
Construction Cost The Construction Cost shall be the total cost 
or estimated cost to Client of all Project elements designed or specified 
by Architect. 
4.2 
Estimates. Architect cannot and does not warrant or represent 
that bids or negotiated prices will not vary from Client's Project Budget 
or from any cost estimate or evaluation prepared or reviewed by 
Architect. 
4.3 
Fixed Limit. No fixed limit of Construction Cost shall be 
established as a condition of this Agreement by the furnishing, 
proposal, or establishment of a Project Budget 
Article 5 - Use of Architect's Documents and Data 
5.1 
The Drawings, Specifications, and other documents (collectively 
"Documents') and any computer tapes, disks, electronic data, or CAD 
files (collectively "Data") prepared by Architect are instruments of 
service and shall remain Architect's property, until such time as Client 
has paid all amounts to which Architect is entitled under this 
Agreement, after which condition precedent, all right, title and 
ownership interest in the Documents and Date shall transfer and 
accrue to Client, including all copyrights and other proprietary rights 
and interest, with the exception of standard constructions details or 
specifications included as part of the Documents or Data, the 
origination of which preexisted this Agreement ("Preexisting 
Intellectual Property". 
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything 
express or implied to the contrary, Architect shall hold and remain the 
owner of all rights, title and interest in Preexisting Intellectual 
Property. 
5.2 
Upon completion of Architect's services and payment of all 
amounts due Architect, Client may retain copies or reproducibles of 
the Documents and/or Data for information and reference in 
connection with Client's use and occupancy of the completed Project. 
5.3 
Client agrees to indemnify and hold Architect harmless from 
and against any and all claims, liabilities, suits, demands, losses, 
damages, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees 
and costs of defense), together with interest thereon, accruing or 
resulting to any persons, firms, or other legal entities, on account of 
any damages or losses to property or persons, including death or 
economic loss, arising out of the unauthorized use, reuse, transfer or 
modification of the Documents and/or Data. 
Article 6 - Claims and Disputes 
6.1 
Mediation. 
Claims, disputes, or other matters in question 
between the parties shall be subject to mediation under the auspices of 
a recognized professional mediation service prior to undertaking any 
legal action. The cost of the mediation service shall be borne equally 
by the parties. 
6.2 
Attorneys Fees. In any proceeding following unsuccessful 
mediation, the prevailing party shall be entitled, in addition to such 
other relief as may be granted. to a reasonable sum for attorneys' fees 
and costs of defense. 
6.3 
Mutual Indemnification. Architect agrees to indemnify and hold 
Client harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, suits, 
demands, losses, damages, costs, and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys' fees and costs of defense), together with interest thereon, to 
I Gensler STC 080220 
Page 1 of 2 
EFTA00729885
--- PAGE 2 ---
the extent caused by the negligent acts, errors, or omissions of 
Architect, its consultants, or anyone for whose acts either of them may 
be legally liable. 
Client agrees to indemnify and hold Architect 
harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, suits, demands, 
losses, damages, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' 
fees and costs of defense), together with interest thereon, to the 
extent caused by the negligent acts, errors, or omissions of Client, its 
contractors or consultants, or anyone for whose ads any of them may 
be legally liable.Article 7 -Termination 
7.1 
Termination by Either Party. This Agreement may be terminated 
by either party upon not less than seven (7) days written notice should 
the other party fail substantially to perform in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement. 
7.2 
Failure to Make Payments. Client's failure to make payments to 
Architect in accordance with this Agreement shall constitute 
substantial nonperformance and cause for termination or suspension. 
7.3 
Compensation Upon Termination. In the event of termination, 
Architect shall be compensated for services performed prior to 
termination, together with Reimbursable Expenses then due, and 
Termination Expenses, which shall be defined as Architect's expenses 
directly attributable to termination. 
Article 8 • Payments to Architect 
8.1 
Hourly Rates. Where services are to be compensated on an 
hourly basis, compensation shall be based on the flat hourly rates set 
forth in Architect's and Architect's consultants' standard rate 
schedules, which are subject to periodic adjustment. 
8.2 
Reimbursable Expenses. Reimbursable Expenses are in addition 
to compensation for Basic and Additional Services and include 
expenses incurred by Architect and Architect's consultants in the 
interest of the Project, including, but not limited to the following: 
(a) Data 
communications, 
telecommunications, 
reproduction, 
shipping, handling, and delivery. 
(b) Mileage, tolls, cab fares, and parking. 
(c) Renderings, 
models, 
computer 
modeling, 
mock-ups, 
and 
photography. 
(d) Sales taxes and other transactional taxes, and fees paid for 
securing approval of authorities having jurisdiction over the Project. 
(e) Authorized out•f•town travel (business class unless upgrade is 
preapproved by Client), including travel time, out-of-town living 
expenses (business class hotel unless upgrade is preapproved by 
Client), and long-distance communications. 
(f) Additional insurance coverage or limits requested by Client in 
excess of that normally provided by Architect and Architect's 
consultants. 
8.3 
Progress Payments. Progress payments for Basic and Additional 
Services and Reimbursable Expenses shall be due and payable upon 
receipt of Architect's invoices. Disputes or questions regarding an 
invoice or a portion of an invoice shall not be cause for withholding 
payment for the remaining portions due. Amounts unpaid thirty (30) 
days after the issue date of Architect's invoice shall be assessed a 
service charge of one and one-half percent (1.1/2x) per month. 
8.0 
Time Extensions. This Agreement anticipates that Architect's 
services will proceed continuously in accordance with the Project 
schedule. If, and to the extent that, time limits set forth in the original 
schedule are extended more than one•hundred and eighty (180) days 
beyond the dates established, Architect's compensation shall be 
equitably adjusted. 
8.5 
Change In Project Scope. If portions of the Project are deleted 
or otherwise not constructed, compensation for those portions of the 
Project shall be payable to the extent services are performed on those 
portions. 
Article 9 - Miscellaneous Provisions 
9.1 
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the law of 
the location of Architect's office identified in the Letter of Agreement. 
9.2 
Property Insurance Waivers. Client shall cause Architect and 
Architect's consultants to be named as Additional Insureds on 
Contractor's General Liability Policy and any property insurance 
purchased for the period of construction of the Project. Such insurance 
shall be endorsed to provide a waiver of the insurers' rights of 
subrogation against Architect and Architect's consultants. 
9.3 
Mutual Waiver of Consequential Damages. The parties hereby 
waive, as against each other, any claims for incidental, special, 
exemplary or consequential damages. 
9.0 
Successors and Assigns. 
Neither party shall assign this 
Agreement or any right or cause of action arising out of this 
Agreement or the performance of obligations hereunder without the 
written consent of the other. 
9.5 
Entire Agreement This Agreement represents the entire and 
integrated agreement between Client and Architect and supersedes all 
prior negotiations, representations, or agreements. 
9.6 
Third Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall create 
a contractual relationship with, or a cause of action in favor of, any 
third party. 
9.7 
Professional Credits. Architect shall have the right to include 
representations of the design of the Project, including, upon Client's 
approval, not to be unreasonably withheld, photographs of the exterior 
and interior, among Architect's professional materials, including, but 
not limited to, promotional materials, professional publications, and 
competition submissions. 
9.8 
Latent Conditions. In the event that the Project includes any 
remodeling, alteration, or rehabilitation work, Client acknowledges 
that certain design and technical decisions shall be made on 
assumptions based on available documents and visual observations of 
existing conditions. 
9.9 
Areas and Measurements. Areas and measurements provided by 
Architect are derived from drawing dimensions or field measurements 
and are not intended to be used as the basis for calculating rent or for 
other similar purposes. 
9.10 Hazardous Materials. Client acknowledges that Architect has no 
expertise in, and is not being retained for the purposes of, 
investigating, detecting, abating, replacing, remediating, or removing 
any items, products, or materials containing hazardous substances. 
9.11 Design/Build by Contractor. Architect and its consultants shall 
have no responsibility for the design, technical adequacy or accuracy, 
installation, or performance of any Design/Build portions of the 
Project. 
9.12 Separate Consultants. Architect's coordination of its services 
with Client's and Contractor's subcontractors or consultants shall be 
limited to that necessary for consistency of Architect's documents with 
those of such subcontractors or consultants. 
I Gensler STC 080220 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA00729886

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729887.pdf
----------------------------------------
BOARD REPORTTO MEMBERS 
NOVEMBER 2010 
GREAT BAY CONDOMINIUM 
OWNERS ASSOCIATION 
Changes at the Top: 
On September 29, Ron Parker--General Manager of the 
Ritz Carlton Club, St. Thomas since November 2007, accepted 
a position as General Manager of our sister Club at Abaco. 
Like many of our Members, Ron is a native New Yorker who 
became seduced by the Caribbean and the island life style. For 
Ron, Abaco in the Bahamas--still far south of the Big Apple--is 
about as far north as he is prepared to go. Ron was General 
Manager during some of our Club's most ambitious projects, 
including the refurbishment of the Residences and the 
installation of our new, state of the art air conditioning system. 
Having worked in partnership with the Board through numerous 
challenges, Ron departs with our affection and best wishes. 
As a token of our appreciation of Ron's dedicated service, the Board 
commissioned resident Island artist, Lucinda O'Connell, to create a 
watercolor map of the islands he leaves behind, which was presented to 
Ron prior to his departure. 
The Board is pleased to 
report that Ritz-Carlton has appointed a 
successor to Ron Parker who we all 
agree has exactly the right 
qualifications. 
Ron Hulsey has tremendous experience in 
management and leadership positions, including more than 20-years 
managing a 5,436 residential community. In addition, he spent three 
recent years in Grand Cayman, managing the Ritz-Carlton resort and 
villas. 
Please join the Board in congratulating Ron on his new 
position and welcoming him personally on your next visit. 
Ron Hulsey, our new GM 
We also take this opportunity to commend and thank 
Dewiet Miller, Director of Operations, who did an outstanding job managing the Club during the last 
few months. Dewiet and his team all excelled during the challenging hurricane season. We salute them 
for their hard work culminating in a job well-done. 
EFTA00729887
--- PAGE 2 ---
It is with mixed emotions that we report Dewiet is moving up in the Ritz-Carlton organization, 
having accepted a position as Director of Food and Beverage at the Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Denver. The 
Board found Dewiet the "Go-To" professional when things needed to get done quickly and done correctly. 
We are sorry to see him leave but are pleased that his many contributions have been noted, and rewarded. 
We wish Dewiet all the best in Denver and look forward to seeing him back on Island whenever the 
opportunity may arise. 
Dewiet will be succeeded as Director of Operations by Alberto Pirozzini, who also has vast 
experience in the hospitality business, serving most recently as General Manger of the Hotel Savoy, and 
prior to that the Hotel Lungamo—both hotels in Florence, Italy. Alberto also has extensive management 
experience in the U.S. with Ritz-Carlton, Four Seasons and Starwood Hotels. 
And he is intimately 
familiar with our Club, having also managed the hotel side in St. Thomas in 2007 and 2008. 
We 
welcome Alberto back into our St. Thomas family. 
Veteran Director Nancy Elizabeth Shaw 
steps down to oversee Suites 
Refurbishment 
It is with both gratitude and sadness that the Board accepts 
the resignation of Nancy Elizabeth Shaw, who in 2003 became the 
first elected Member-Representative on our Board. 
The Board is 
pleased that Nancy has agreed to manage the refurbishment of the 
Club Suites given the cost savings along with artistic contributions 
she brought to the refurbishment of the Residences. Nancy's term 
was to expire next February and--under the term limits that she and 
former Board President Sal Cutrona introduced--would have been 
ineligible to seek re-election. 
We thank Nancy for her tireless efforts on behalf of the 
Though she is no longer a voting member of the Board, she is now serving in the position of Director 
Emeritus (see below), where her experience and expertise can be called upon by Board members to ensure 
Membership. 
expired term. Abbey, who 
limn operating companies, 
ary, and upon her recent 
nk Abbey for her valuable 
a5 
The Board has named Abbey Roberts Chung to complete Nancy's un 
as extensive executive management experience with several Johnson and Jol 
as served as a volunteer Member-advisor to the Board since last Jam 
apointment agreed to serve as chair of our Finance Committee. 
We tha 
;sistance to the Board and the Association. 
smuuut transition to new VUILLIlleCIS. 
aed to two terms of Office. 
Iso be leaving the Board in 
F, 
vacancies to be filled at the 
n, 
Board is actively seeking 
t are reimbursed for actual 
expenses 
travel, lodging 
up 
four times a year for Board 
meetings, monthly conference calls and additional committee work is required from all Members who 
serve on the Board. 
Under the Association's Term Limits rules, Directors may only be elec 
Accordingly, former Board President Sal Cutrona--first elected in 2003--will 2 
ebruary, 2011. The departure of Sal and Nancy leaves two important Board 
ext Annual Members Meeting of the GBCOA February 13, 2011. 
The 
mdidates for these volunteer positions. 
Board members receive no pay bit 
EFTA00729888
--- PAGE 3 ---
To apply, one must complete a "Volunteer Form" which was e-mailed to all Members last m 
and which can also be obtained from Jo-Anne Felix, Executive Assistant to the General Manager.
or 
) 
Nominees for Board positions will be reviewed and 
selected by the Directorship & Governance Committee of the Board and submitted to the Members for 
election. It is expected that a minimum of four nominees will be selected and presented to the Members 
for the two open positions this year. 
We anticipate the challenges and opportunities facing the Board over the next three years to 
include general financial oversight and management of delinquent accounts. (An accounting and/or audit 
background is a plus.) Project and property management skills are also important as would a background 
in the hospitality business. There are, however, no hard and fast prerequisites for Board service other 
than that the candidate be a fully paid Member in good standing. Applications must be submitted to Jo-
Anne Felix by November 30. 
Board Service is time-consuming and often entails dealing in complex issues. 
To facilitate the 
smoothest Board turnover, the Board has adopted two important initiatives: 
The creation of "Director 
Emeritus Status" for highly qualified former Board Directors and the creation of Advisory Directors, a 
volunteer, non-voting position for Members willing to share their time and expertise with the Board. 
Both Emeriti Directors and Advisory Directors are reimbursed for out of pocket travel expenses 
for attendance at regularly scheduled Board Meetings. It is our expectation that by participating and 
listening in on the Board's deliberations, Advisory Directors will be more prepared if later nominated and 
elected to serve on the Board. 
We believe the value of past Board Members continuing to offer their 
assistance and expertise is self-evident and, without dissent, the Board elected former Director Nancy 
Elizabeth Shaw to serve in such an advisory, non-voting capacity in the 2010-2011 Season. 
OUR CLUB GETS A FACELIFT--
While you've been away, we've been busy. 
Steve Redan, who chairs the Board's Asset 
Management Committee, reports that the Club has 
been using the "Shoulder Season" downtime to 
repaint two of our buildings, Iris and Jasmine, with 
Lily and Kava to be painted in 2011. The Suites 
buildings will be repainted in 2012, after we complete 
the refurbishment that is discussed below. As part of 
the repainting project, all of the soffits and gutters are 
being replaced due to rusting and their overall 
deteriorating condition. Steve reports the project is 
going well--on time and on budget--and you'll notice 
this and other improvements on your next visit. 
EFTA00729889
--- PAGE 4 ---
On that same general topic, this last spring it became 
apparent that the Residence doors—which had withstood eight 
years of service in our high humidity climate—needed to be 
replaced. The Board selected natural South American mahogany 
doors, finished with spar varnish as is used on wood for boats, as 
the most serviceable alternative for a beautiful, yet functional, 
door. Most of the fine homes in the Caribbean have mahogany, 
teak or cypress doors, as they withstand the climate better than 
other materials. All 82-Residences plus the Members' Lounge 
now have these beautiful doors installed. We hope you enjoy 
this enhancement to our Residences. 
Meanwhile, the refurbishment of the Club Suites is now 
fully underway. 
Our original plan called for us to draw on 
design uses in the Residences during that refurbishment project 
two years ago. The timeless West Indies style, extension of the 
clean stone floors and the beautiful fabrics have been so well received by the Members that we know he 
Suites owners will enjoy a similar refurbishment. 
There are some 
structural differences 
between the Suites and the 
Residences, however, that 
have led the design team to 
think more broadly for the 
Suites. The most important 
consideration is the color of 
the flooring — gray and white 
marble in the kitchen, 
hallways and bathrooms —
and the warm gray/brown of 
the kitchen cabinets and 
granite counter tops. The 
Board intends to either have 
a model or 3D renderings of 
the proposed interior design 
for the Suites early next year so that Members can review the plans and provide their comments and 
suggestions as they did so successfully with the remodeling of the Residences. 
Should you have comments or suggestions you would like to share with the Board, please contact
Project Manager and former GBCOA Board Member, Nancy Elizabeth Shaw 
EFTA00729890
--- PAGE 5 ---
FINANCIAL UPDATE: 
As of October 8, 2010 our controllable operating results are favorable when compared to the 2010 
Budget due to cost saving measures taken by your Board and the Management Company; in particular, the 
lower than forecast utility costs of $156,000, coupled with other savings in controllable expenses such as 
concierge services and repair and maintenance, should generate close to $550,000 in savings this year. 
Unfortunately, these gains have been somewhat offset by the growing number of Members who fail to 
pay their annual assessments in a timely manner. As you know, we instituted a lock-out policy to prevent 
delinquent Members from utilizing their Units until they become current on their assessments. We are also 
strictly enforcing the immediate 15% late fee (nearly 52000 for a two bedroom residence) on past due 
accounts and interest at the rate of 9% per annum on unpaid balances. We also initiated a program that now 
allows delinquent Members to rent out their residences as long as the rentals are at a rate no less than the 
Guest of Member Rates, (currently at $665 for a 2 bedroom and $810 for a 3 bedroom) and, most importantly, 
all rental proceeds must go directly the the Delinquent Member's Club account. 
We are contemporaneously 
using all means at our disposal to further encourage delinquent Members to pay their fair share, including the 
legal system. In the last year, we have obtained roughly half a million dollars in personal judgments in the 
courts of the Virgin Islands, and have collected or have commitments from delinquent Members to pay over 
5150,000 in past due assessments, penalties and interest. Finally, we have retained a law firm specializing in 
collections (Cohn and Dussi, LLP) to help recover these judgments and to obtain new judgments against 
delinquent Members. Since their retention several months ago, the firm has already recovered more than 
$120, 000 for the Association. We have placed more than a million dollars in claims with Cohn and Dussi, 
LLP, and we are optimistic they will be bringing in substantial amounts of past due assessments in the 
months ahead. 
Your Board, along with the Boards of several of our sister Clubs, has determined that it is more 
effective and efficient to outsource both the billing and regular collections to a premier service provider, 
Concord Service Corporation, at a lower cost than that charged to us by Marriott Financial Services. This 
service is now in place for the 2010-2011 annual billing. Concord has also instituted a long overdue practice 
of sending monthly statements to Delinquent Members which we hope may give them added incentive to 
bring their accounts up to date. 
Because there is no way of accurately predicting the revenue these efforts will produce, the net 
recovery is not included in our 2011 financial forecast but, when received, will be applied to offset period 
expenses . The delinquency rate at our Club still remains below the national average for condominium 
associations. 
Your continuing commitment to pay annual assessments on time, despite the economic 
hardships that confront all of us, helps us keep our costs under control. 
The bills for the 2010-2011 season 
with a due date of November 15, 2011, were mailed to all Members last month. If you haven't received your 
bill by now, we urge you to contact Ritz Carlton Member Services 4 
Concord Service line). 
To the vast majority of our Members—those who have paid their assessments on time year after year—we 
thank you for your cooperation in this critical area. 
EFTA00729891
--- PAGE 6 ---
As we look to our operating budget for 2011, which was included in your recent billing 
statement, you will notice an increase of slightly more than 6% over last year's budget—an 
increase attributable almost entirely to bad debt. While the Board and the management company 
worked diligently to control and reduce costs, we were not able to offset all the factors that 
increased expenses despite the many changes that were implemented. 
Fortunately many of the 
programs that were executed by the Board and supported by the Membership are providing ongoing 
benefits. We are pleased to report that the 2011 Budget includes: 
• Reduced housekeeping expenses of $301,000 (green laundry program, we thank you for 
your participation) 
• Reduced Concierge expenses of $75,000 
• Reduced utility expenses of $156,000 (new air conditioning system/conservation) 
• Reduced insurance expense of $85,000 
These reductions however were not sufficient to totally offset increases in other areas such as: 
• Credit card fees of $51,000 
• 
Water and sewer use of $36,000 
• Member services of $57,000 
• Laundry services of $116,000 
• Bad debt expense of $910,000 
While our total budget has in fact increased, the work that has been done in controlling 
operating expenses will allow us to reduce the per diem rates as follows: 
• Reduction from $192 to $179 per evening for a 2 Bedroom Residence 
• 
Reduction from $231 to $215 per evening for a 3 Bedroom Residence 
▪ 
Reduction from $192 to $179 per evening for a 2 Bedroom Suite plus meals 
o Please note that there is an additional per evening charge for meals when using the suites. 
For Suite Owners that additional meal charge is $134 per evening and for Residence Owners 
(who are using the Suites) the additional meal charge is $188 per evening. Rates become 
effective in January. 
EFTA00729892
--- PAGE 7 ---
!
PPrthemsponsib„ityo„he 
property owner to notify the Tax Assessors Office of any change in their mailing address. 
.006R 
REVISED NOTICE OF CHANGE OF ASSESSMENT AND REAL PROPERTY TAX BILL 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
2006R 
St. Thomas 
DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 
PARCEL NUMBIla 
07803 0437-NG 
ASSESSED 
LAND 
44,000 
GREAT BAY CONDO UNIT 2503 WK 07 
ASSESSED 
IMPROVEMENT 
87.100 
ASSESSED 
TOTAL 
131,100 
0.0125 
AMOUNT 
OF TAX 
983.25 
PROPERTY TAX UPDATE: 
LESS 
SEWER 
EXEMPTIONS USER'S FEE 
AMOUNT 
DUE 
LESS 
CREDITS 
BALANCE 
DUE 
0.00 
983.25 
0.00 
983.25 
After years of litigation, the 2006 St. Thomas Property Taxes are finally going out. 
Your 
Board, the Management Company, the American Resort Development Association (ARDA) and the 
St. Thomas Tax Assessor's Office are all working together to make this go as smoothly as possible. 
The good news is that a tax reassessment program that had the potential to almost double our 
property taxes has been blocked and agreements have been reached with the Governor's office to 
prevent any such dramatic increase down the road. You should be receiving your bill from the 
Management Company in the next week to ten days, along with a summary statement explaining the 
bill and offering options on how best to pay. And you may be pleased to see that the 2006 tax bill 
remains at the original rate assessed at the birth of our Club. 
Your Board has been advised that 
notwithstanding the due dates identified on the tax statement, you will have an additional three 
weeks from the date of the mailing of your bill to pay it without penalty. We understand that some 
Members have already received their tax bills, apparently sent in error by the Office of the Tax 
Assessor. 
Although the later due date (early to mid-December) will still apply to those Members, 
they may if they choose make payment at any time. 
We strongly suggest, however, that all 
Members get written receipts for all taxes paid and that these receipts be stored in a safe, easily 
accessible please. 
Should you have questions about your bill (including the amount if you haven't as yet 
received the bill), we believe the best lace to go is the Office of the Tax Assessor in St. Thomas 
which can be reached'
You of course may also wish to consult with your own tax 
advisor. 
Although the tax rate assessed for 2006 remains quite low, you retain the option to 
individually challenge your property tax assessment should you deem that appropriate. 
Questions remain about the timing of taxes due in subsequent years and whether the 
Government of the Virgin Islands will resume its efforts to seek an increase in assessments. Your 
Board continues to monitor the Property Tax issue closely and we shall be sending you periodic 
notices as developments may warrant. 
EFTA00729893
--- PAGE 8 ---
In closing, we thank you for your confidence and support and welcome the opportunity to 
hear from you. Please feel free to email us at any time. Our General Manager, Mr. Ron Hulse 
can also be reached at 
or you may call him directly at 
We remain committed to continuing to make your interests our highest priority. 
REMINDER: PLEASE VOTE. 
Biting in the Board elections are particularly important this year with two senior 
Directors leaving the Board. 
Please make sure to review the slate of candidates 
carefully when the Member Meeting materials are sent in later this year and vote your 
choice. Every :Wernher needs to participate to ensure good Club governance going 
forward. 
With every good wish for the coming Holiday Season, we 
remain 
yours truly, 
GREAT BAY CONDOMINIUM OWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC. 
6900 GREAT BAY; ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
E-Mail: 
President: 
John Doyle 
VP & Treasurer: 
Steve Redan 
Secretary: 
Tim O'Brien 
Director: 
Sal Cutrona 
Director: 
Abbey Chung 
Counsel: 
Michael F. Marino, Esq. 
EFTA00729894

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729895.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUBMIT OFFER 
Date: 
Oct 
11, ' 009
Listing Agent 
Selling Agent 
Property 
Washington Street Brooklyn, NY 
Apt: 2i 
Asking Price: 
$ 1,785,000 
Buyer 1: Peter Selzer 
Buyer 2: Linda Selzer 
Address: 
Address: 
Same 
Rent El 
How Long? 
Rent Ill 
Own K 
How Long? 
Employer: 
Self-employed 
Employer: 
Freeport School District 
Position: 
years 
Position: 
years 
Hire Date: 
Hire Date: 
Annual Salary: 
$350,000 
Annual Salary: 
$96,000 
Annual Bonus: 
$ 
Annual Bonus: 
$ 
Other Income: 
$ 
$ 
Schedule C income if self-employed: I $ 
Schedule C income if self-employed: I $ 
Total Income: I $350,000 
Total Income: I $96,000 
Assets 
Buyer 1 
Buyer 2 
Liabilities 
Buyer 1 
Buyer 2 
Cash in Banks 
$645,000 
$590,000 
Mortgages on Real Estate 
$650,000 
$ 
Other liquid assets 
$120,000 
$75,000 
Installment loans (e.g., auto) 
8400/month 
$387/month 
Stocks/Bonds 
$ 
$90,000 
Other accounts payable 
Retirement Accts. 
$1,550,000 
$312,000 
Credit card balances 
$2000 
$1.500 
Real Estate owned 
$2,000,000 
$1,400,000 
Unpaid taxes 
Other Assets 
Other debts 
Total Assets 
$4,315,000 
$2,467,000 
Total Liabilities 
$652,400 
$!,887 
Combined Assets 
$6,782,000 
Combined Liabilities 
$654,287 
Purchase Price Offered: 
$1,500,000 
NI cash-YES 
or Financing: 75%❑ 80%❑ 90%❑ 0% 
Total Cash Down: 
$200,000 
Source of Downpayment: 
Cash 
Pre-Qualified: 
Yes K 
No K 
Letter Attached: 
Yes K 
No K 
Pre-Approved: 
Yes K 
No K 
Letter Attached: 
Yes K 
No K 
Contingencies: 
K Need to Sell First 
K Engineering Report 
K Gift 
Other: 
Buyer bidding or planning to bid on more than one property? Yesrl Non 
Closing Date: 
Dec. 2009 
Comments: 
Please call us for any questions: 
Purchaser 
Signature: Peter A. Salzer 
Linda Salzer 
EFTA00729895

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729896.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729896.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMERY 
MASTER BUDGET REVISIONS 7-23-2010 
TOTAL OF OVERESTIMATED LINE ITEMS 
TOTAL OF UNDERESTIMATED LINE ITEMS 
NET CHANGE UNDER BUDGET 
$34,600 
527,665 
TOTAL OF NEW WORK & CHANGES** 
$102,570** 
TOTAL OF BUDGETED WORK REPLACED WITH CHANGES 
$20,442 
NET CHANGE OVERBUDGET 
TOTAL BUDGET INCREASE 
** includes outside shower allowance of $32,500 
-$6,935 
$82,128 
$75,193 
EFTA00729896

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729897.pdf
----------------------------------------
Uncharted Outposts, Inc. 
Village Lane 
www.unc Carte outposts.com 
BILL TO 
Mattie Siegal 
C/O Peggy Siegal 
INVOICE 
DATE 
INVOICE # 
5: 29/2009 
5684 
DUE DATE 
5/29/2009 
DESCRIPTION 
TRAVELERS 
COST 
AMOUNT 
Kenya Land Arrangements - Full Payment Due 
KLM International Air Tickets 
(Roundoin Economy Class) 
Unsforn Travel for a more Intimate Experience! 
10,995.00 
1,750.00 
21,990.00 
3,500.00 
Total 
525.490.00 
EFTA00729897

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729898.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729898.pdf
----------------------------------------
Renee Burns 
May 16, 2010 
Dear Mr. Epstein, 
I have had the pleasure of being in your employ at Zorro Development for four years and 
eight months and hope to continue for years to come. During this relatively short time, 
my job description, duties and level of responsibilities have been ever evolving. 
My first year here, I worked primarily at the Main House as housekeeper. The second 
year while maintaining my responsibilities as housekee er I also began working in the 
office and actin as on site oint person during 
vacations. During my 
third year, as 
responsibilities at other properties increased, so have my 
responsibilities and duties increased here at Zorro. 
At the present time I am working as assistant manager. While 
still maintains the 
personnel files, the responsibility of daily overseeing of employees, all financial 
operations, communications with and payment of vendors, etc. all fall to me as approved 
by 
I am also still responsible for all aspects of the Main House. 
(Taking note, this is becoming increasingly difficult given my new duties.) In short, the 
responsibility I gladly shoulder exceeds that of the other employees here. 
In light of this fact, I am respectfully asking that you review my salary at this time. I 
currently earn 29,500. /year. I ask that you consider an increase to 55,000. /year. I know 
this is a high percentage increase but feel that this amount would be fair for the job I am 
currently performing for you. 
Your consideration in this matter is greatly appreciated. 
Sincerely, 
Renee Bums 
EFTA00729898

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729899.pdf
----------------------------------------
Feb 25 10 04:32a 
Jennie Saunders 
212-757-9811 
p.1 
SECOND LEASE AMENDMENT 
WHEREAS Shelton Associates, LLC ("Shelton") as Landlord and Jennie Saunders 
(Saunders") as Tenant are parties to a certain Lease of a Condominium Unit dated February 15, 
2007, as amended by a certain Lease Amendment dated as of June 3, 2009, (the "Lease") in 
respect of Condominium Unit 20A (the "Unit") at The Museum Tower Condominium, 15 West 
53rd Street, New York, New York; 
WHEREAS the panics wish to extend the Lease for a term of twelve (12) months; 
WHEREAS, the Landlord has agreed to renew the Lease on the terms contained herein so 
lone as there are assurances that as no default will occur hereafter in any and or all of the 
Tenant's obligations hereunder and under the Lease (collectively the "Obligations"); 
Now therefore, for good and valuable consideration the receipt of which is hereby 
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
I. The monthly rent shall be $22,500 per month effective March 15, 2010; 
provided. however the monthly rent shall be abated to 520,000 unless and until 
Tenant defaults on the Obligations. Upon such default, the rent shall be $22,500 
per month commencing as of March 15, 2010, as if this abatement had never been 
contemplated or agreed. Tenant aclmowledges that if she defaults, the monthly 
rent will increase both retroactively and prospectively. 
2. The Lease shall terminate and Tenant shall vacate the Unit no later than 
March 14, 2011. 
3. Tenant understands that it is of paramount concern to Landlord that Landlord 
has the right and ability at reasonable times on reasonable verbal notice to 
show the Unit to possible purchasers and mortgagees at any time or tenants 
during the last 90 days of the Lease. Tenant agrees to cooperate fully with 
Landlord and to allow such access and entry by Landlord. Section 67 of the 
Lease is deleted in its entirety. Failure to afford such access as aforesaid shall 
constitute a material default. 
EFTA00729899
--- PAGE 2 ---
Feb 25 10 04:32a 
Jennie Saunders 
212-757-9811 
p.2 
4. Landlord's Notice of Termination dated December 30, 2009 is withdrawn. 
5. Except in case of emergency, Tenant shall incur no expense for which 
reimbursement from the Landlord is sought without the written consent of the 
Landlord or Landlord's real estate agent. 
6. Landlord acknowledges that as of the date hereof, the Tenant is not in default 
with respect to any of its Obligations under the Lease, as amended. 
7. Except as specifically set forth herein, the terms and conditions of the Lease 
shall remain in full force and effect. The Lease may be executed by facsimile 
or email. 
Dated as of February 23, 2010 
New York, New York 
LANDLORD: 
Shelton Associates, LLC 
bT,---ADNP 
Dougl 
. Lobel Attorney-in-fact 
TENANT: 
EFTA00729900

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729901.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729901.pdf
----------------------------------------
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 
individually, and Jeffrey Epstein, individually (jointly referred to as 
"Parties"), enter into this Settlement Agreement and General Release ("Settlement 
Agreement") in order to resolve the pending dispute between them as follows: 
1. 
General Release. 
and her agent(s), attomey(s), 
predecessor(s), successor(s), heir(s), administrator(s), and/or assign(s) (hereinafter, 
"First Parties"), for and in consideration of the sum of Seventy Thousand Dollars 
($70,000.00) and other valuable consideration, received from or on behalf of Jeffrey 
Epstein and his agent(s), attomey(s), predecessor(s), successor(s), heir(s), 
administrator(s), assign(s) and/or employee(s) (hereinafter, "Second Parties"), the 
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, 
HEREBY remise, release, acquit, satisfy, and forever discharge the said Second 
Parties and any other person or entity who could be regarded as a potential defendant 
("Other Potential Defendants") from all, and all manner of, action and actions of 
including State or Federal, cause and causes of action (common law or 
statutory), suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, 
specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, variances, 
trespasses, damages, judgments, executions, claims, and demands whatsoever in law 
or in equity for compensatory or punitive damages that said First Parties ever had or 
now have, or that any personal representative, successor, heir, or assign of said First 
Parties hereafter can, shall, or may have against Jeffrey Epstein, or Other Potential 
Defendants for, upon, or by reason of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever (whether 
EFTA00729901
--- PAGE 2 ---
known or unknown), from the beginning of the world to the day of this release. The 
issue of attorneys' fees and costs is specifically addressed in Paragraph 7, Attorneys' 
Fees and Costs. 
It is further agreed that this Settlement Agreement represents a final resolution of 
a disputed claim and is intended to avoid litigation. This Settlement Agreement shall not 
be construed to be an admission of liability or fault by any party. Additionally, as a 
material consideration in settling, First Parties and Second Parties agree that the terms 
of this Settlement Agreement are not intended to be used by any other person nor be 
admissible in any proceeding or case against or involving Jeffrey Epstein, either civil or 
criminal. 
First and Second Parties 
stipulate and agree that this Settlement 
Agreement should not in any way be construed as an admission by Jeffrey Epstein that 
he violated any federal statute that constitutes a predicate for a damage claim under 18 
U.S.C. § 2255 or an admission that he violated any other federal or state statute. 
2. 
Payment. Payment of the settlement funds has been made to 
attorneys' trust account, but may not be released until this Settlement 
Agreement has been fully executed. 
3. 
Reciprocal Confidentiality. The Parties agree that the amount of this 
settlement shall be kept strictly confidential and shall not be disclosed at any time to any 
third party, except: (a) immediate family members of the Parties (whose identities must 
be provided as "Eyes Only" to Robert Josefsberg or Katherine Ezell for 
disclosures and to Robert D. Griffon, Jr. for Jeffrey Epstein's disclosures, in a sealed 
envelope to be opened only if a third party is alleged to have breached this provision); 
EFTA00729902
--- PAGE 3 ---
(b) to the extent required by law or rule; (c) to the extent necessary in connection with 
medical treatment, legal, financial, accounting or tax services, or appropriate tax 
reporting purposes (only if necessary); (d) in the event that all or part of the proceeds of 
this settlement are to be placed in trust for 
to the trustee(s) of such trust; 
or (e) in response to a validly issued subpoena from a governmental or regulatory 
agency. Any third party who is advised of the settlement amount must sign a document 
acknowledging that such third party is aware of this confidentiality provision and is 
bound by it, including the provisions contained in this Settlement Agreement relating to 
the enforcement of this confidentiality provision. The Parties further agree that the 
Parties shall not provide any copy, in whole or in part, or in any form, of this Settlement 
Agreement to any third party, except to the extent required by law or rule or in response 
to a validly issued subpoena from a governmental or regulatory agency. 
Moreover, 
neither this Settlement Agreement, nor any copy hereof, nor the terms hereof, shall be 
used or disclosed in any court, arbitration, or other legal proceedings, except to enforce 
the provisions of this Settlement Agreement. If any of the Parties are served with a 
valid subpoena, court order, government agency order or subpoena, or other 
compulsory legal process, pursuant to which disclosure of this Settlement Agreement, 
the settlement amount, or other terms hereof is requested, or production of the 
Settlement Agreement is requested, the Party so served shall give counsel for the other 
Party notice thereof within five (5) days of such service and, prior to making any such 
disclosure, shall give counsel to such other Party at least ten (10) days to commence 
necessary proceedings to obtain a court order preventing, limiting, or otherwise 
restricting such disclosure. 
EFTA00729903
--- PAGE 4 ---
4. 
Anonymity. Second Parties shall not release 
identity, 
name, or physical depiction, or otherwise identify 
, absent 
express written waiver of her right to anonymity, outside of ongoing or future litigation-
related or claim-related matters. First Parties acknowledge that Second Parties have no 
control over what other plaintiffs' attorneys, witnesses' attorneys, or witnesses may do 
or disclose in other filed cases regarding depositions and discovery. Second Parties 
may be required to subpoena and depose 
and call her at trial(s). Except 
as provided in this Settlement Agreement, nothing shall prohibit Second Parties from 
conducting Jeffrey Epstein's defense, investigation, and trial(s) in these other matters as 
his lawyers deem appropriate. Robert Josefsberg and Katherine Ezell are hereby 
deemed to have full authority to accept a subpoena from Second Parties on 
behalf, so that Second Parties are not in violation of the terms of Paragraph 5, 
No Contact. 
5. 
No Contact. The Parties agree that Judge Marra's July 31, 2009 No 
Contact Order extends to protect 
Jeffrey Epstein agrees to continue to 
abide by Judge Marra's July 31, 2009 No Contact Order or any modification of same by 
the Court, so long as First Parties are given notice of any such modification and an 
opportunity to address this matter before the Court. 
6. 
Enforcement. This Settlement Agreement shall be govemed by the laws 
of the State of Florida. 
In the event of litigation arising out of a dispute over the 
interpretation of this Settlement Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to 
recover its cost of litigation, including attorneys' fees and other reasonable costs of 
litigation. Should the federal court not find that it has jurisdiction, the Parties (and any 
EFTA00729904
--- PAGE 5 ---
third party) agree that the courts of the 15th Judicial Circuit of Palm Beach County shall 
have exclusive jurisdiction over the subject matter and shall have personal jurisdiction 
over the Parties (and third parties). In the event of an enforcement matter, the First 
Parties (and any third party family member) agree that Robert Josefsberg or Katherine 
Ezell is authorized to accept service for them, and Robert D. Critton, Jr. is authorized to 
accept service for Jeffrey Epstein. 
First and Second Parties expressly acknowledge and agree that, If either First or 
Second Parties allege that a breach of the confidentiality provision has occurred, or if 
First Parties allege that a breach of the anonymity or no contact provision has occurred, 
the aggrieved First or Second Parties may seek an appropriate remedy in court. If the 
court finds a breach of the confidentiality, anonymity, or no contact provision set forth 
above, the court shall determine the amount of the award. Equitable remedies are not 
relinquished by virtue of this provision; nor does either Party relinquish the right to 
pursue any other legal or equitable damages to which (s)he may be entitled as a result 
of the other Party's breach, including, but not limited to, prevailing party costs, to include 
attorneys' fees. 
7. 
Attorneys' Fees and Costs. This Settlement Agreement includes all 
amounts for attorneys' fees or costs. 
8. 
Miscellaneous.
a. The Parties further confirm and acknowledge that this Settlement 
Agreement is being entered into without any duress or undue 
influence, and that they have had a full and complete opportunity to 
discuss the terms of the Settlement Agreement with their own 
EFTA00729905
--- PAGE 6 ---
attorneys. 
b. 
agrees that it is her obligation to pay any outstanding 
bills relating to this matter from all healthcare providers, satisfy any 
healthcare provider obligations arising out of the injuries underlying her 
claim, and hold Second Parties harmless from same. 
c. This Settlement Agreement was negotiated and entered into by the 
Parties with the advice and assistance of respective counsel. 
d. This Settlement Agreement may be executed by the Parties in 
counterparts on separate signature pages. 
e. The Parties and their counsel will cooperate to execute the necessary 
paperwork and court filings to carry out the terms of this Settlement 
Agreement. 
It is so agreed. 
EFTA00729906
--- PAGE 7 ---
Date: 
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, personally appeared MIE 
who is personally known to me or has produced  
, as 
identification, and executed the foregoing instrument. 
WITNESS my hand and official seal this /74- day of 
, 2010. 
Not ry Public 
Print Name:  Ar eat 2 es-6---1--
Commission No.:  
My Commission Expires 
MERCEDES C. ES RADA 
MY COMMISSION A DD 585339 
EXPIRES: October 19, 20(0 
lIrtei Thy Nctuy 
Ltdeatrat 
EFTA00729907
--- PAGE 8 ---
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH 
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, personally appeared Jeffrey Epstein 
who is personally known to me or has produced ,e0.044/./, t-704.04, as 
identification, and executed the foregoing instrument. 
WITNESS my hand and official seal this  / 1/  day of  
a 
 , 2010. 
ry Public 
Print Name: -71:;.5 
/"? 
>ea cacne
Commission No.: c--t )  8s- -3 51?-9 
My Commission Expires:  et/9/,
-0 
EFTA00729908
--- PAGE 9 ---
For Any Notice Provision: 
1. For 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. or 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
Phone: 305-358-2800 
Fax: 
305-358-2832 
2. For Jeffrey Epstein 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq. 
Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman, LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 561-842-2820 
Fax: 
561-253-0164 
or 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Phone: 561-659-8300 
Fax: 
561-835-8691 
EFTA00729909

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729910.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729910.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No.: 50 2009 CA 040800XXXXMEAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants, 
STATEMENT OF UNDISPUTED FACTS 
Defendant Bradley J. Edwards, Esq., offers the following specific facts as the undisputed 
material facts in this case. Each of the following facts is numbered separately and individually to 
facilitate Epstein's required compliance with Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.510(c) ("The adverse party shall identify 
. . . any summary judgment evidence on which the adverse party relies."). 
Sexual Abuse of Children By Epstein 
1. 
Defendant Epstein has a sexual preference for young children. Deposition of Jeffrey 
Epstein, Mar. 17, 2010, at 110 (hereinafter "Epstein Depo.") (Deposition Attachment #1).1
2. 
Epstein repeatedly sexually assaulted more than forty (40) young girls on numerous 
When questioned about this subject at his deposition, Epstein invoked his Fifth Amendment right to remain 
silent rather than make an incriminating admission. Accordingly, Edwards is entitled to the adverse inference 
against Epstein that, had Epstein answered, the answer would have been unfavorable to him. "[I]t is well-settled 
that the Fifth Amendment does not forbid adverse inferences against parties to civil actions when they refuse to 
testify in response to probative evidence offered against them." Baxter v. Palmigiano, 425 U.S. 308, 318 
(1976); accord Vasquez v. State, 777 So.2d 1200, 1203 (Fla. App. 2001). The reason for this rule "is both logical 
and utilitarian. A party may not trample upon the rights of others and then escape the consequences by invoking 
a constitutional privilege — at least not in a civil setting." Fraser v. Security and Inv. Corp., 615 So.2d 841, 842 
(Fla. App. 1993). 
EFTA00729910
--- PAGE 2 ---
occasions between 2002 and 2005 in his mansion in West Palm Beach, Florida. These sexual assaults 
included vaginal penetration. Epstein abused many of the girls dozens if not hundreds of times. 
Epstein Depo. at 109 ("Q: How many times have you engaged in oral sex with females under the age 
of 18?" A: [Invocation of the Fifth Amendment]); Deposition of Jane Doe, September 24, 2009 and 
continued March 11, 2010, at 527 (minor girl sexually abused at least 17 times by Epstein) (hereinafter 
"Jane Doe Depo") (Deposition Attachment #2); id. 564-67 (vaginal penetration by Epstein with his 
finger), 568 (vaginal penetration by Epstein with a massager); Deposition of a, 
September 24, 
2009, at 73 (hereinafter "El Depo") (Deposition Attachment #3) (describing the manner in which 
Epstein abused her beginning when 
was 13 years old, touching her vagina with his fingers and 
vibrator) at 74, line 12-13 (she was personally molested by Epstein more than 50 times), at 164, line 
19-23 and 141, line 12-13 and 605, line 3-6 (describing that in addition to being personally molested 
by Epstein she was paid $200 per underage girl she brought Epstein and she brought him more than 
seventy (70) underage girls - she told him that she did not want to bring him any more girls and he 
insisted that she continue to bring him underage girls); Deposition of a 
May 6, 2010 (hereinafter 
"El Depo") (Deposition Attachment #4) at 115-116, 131 and 255 (describing Epstein's abuse of her 
beginning at age 14 when he paid her for touching her vagina, inserting his fingers and using a vibrator 
and he also paid her $200 for each other underage female 
brought him to molest. She brought 
him between 20 and 30 underage females); Deposition of Jane Doe #4, date (hereinafter "Jane Doe #4 
Depo") (Deposition Attachment #5) at 32-34, and 136 (she describes first being taken to Epstein at 15 
years old, "Being fingered by him, having him use a vibrator on [me], grabbing my nipples, smelling 
my butt, jerking off in front of me, licking my clit, several times."). 
EFTA00729911
--- PAGE 3 ---
3. 
At all relevant times Edwards has had a good faith basis to conclude and did conclude2
that Epstein was able to access a large number of underage girls through a pyramid abuse scheme in 
which he paid underage victims $200-$300 cash for each other underage victim that she brought to 
him. See Palm Beach Police Incident Report at 87 (hereinafter "Incident Report") (Exhibit "A").3 The 
Palm Beach Police Incident Report details Epstein's scheme for molesting underage females. Among 
other things, the Incident Report outlines some of the experiences of other Epstein victims. When 
a 14 year old minor at the time, was brought to Epstein's home, she was taken upstairs by a woman she 
believed to be Epstein's assistant. The woman started to fix up the mom, putting covers on the 
massage table and bringing lotions out. The "assistant" then left the room and told e. that Epstein 
would be up in a second. Epstein walked over to s. and told her to take her clothes off in a stem 
voice. 
states in the report she did not know what to do, as she was the only one there. D. took 
off her shirt, leaving her bra on. Epstein, then in a towel told her to take off everything. 
removed 
her pants leaving on her thong panties. Epstein then instructed S.G to give him a massage. As 
gave 
Epstein a massage, Epstein turned around and masturbated. gt. was so disgusted, she did not say 
anything; Epstein told her she "had a really hot body." Id. at 14. In the report, fl. admitted seeing 
Jeffrey Epstein's penis and stated she thought Epstein was on steroids because he was a "really built 
guy and his wee wee was very tiny." Id. at 15. 
4. 
The exact number of minor girls who Epstein assaulted is known only to Epstein. 
However, Edwards had a good faith basis to believe and did in fact believe that Epstein's victims were 
substantially more than forty (40) in number. In addition to the deposition excerpts from two of his 
many victims above about the number of underage girls brought to Epstein and the Palm Beach 
In support of all assertions concerning the actions Edwards took, what Edwards learned in the course of his representation 
of his clients, Edwards's good faith beliefs and the foundation for those beliefs, see Edwards Affidavit and specifically 
paragraphs 25 and 25 of that Affidavit. 
For clarity, depositions attached to this memorandum will be identified numerically as attachments #1, #2, #3, etc., while 
exhibits attached to this memorandum will be identified alphabetically as exhibits A, B, C, etc. 
EFTA00729912
--- PAGE 4 ---
incident report, there is overwhelming proof that the number of underage girls molested by Epstein 
through his scheme was in the hundreds. See Complaint, Jane Doe 102 v. Epstein, (hereinafter Jane 
Doe 102 complaint) (Exhibit "B"); see also Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein, April 14, 2010, at 442, 443, 
and 444 (Epstein invoking the 5th on questions about his daily abuse and molestation of children) 
(Deposition Attachment #6). 
5. 
At all relevant times Edwards has had a good faith basis to believe and did in fact 
believe that Epstein and his attorneys knew of the seriousness of the criminal investigation against him 
and corresponded constantly with the United States Attorney's Office in an attempt to avoid the filing 
of numerous federal felony offenses, which effort was successful. 
See Correspondence from U.S. 
Attorney's Office to Epstein (hereinafter "U.S. Attorney's Correspondence") (Composite Exhibit "C) 
(provided in discovery during the Jane Doe v. Epstein case). 
6. 
At all relevant times Edwards has had a good faith basis to believe and did in fact 
believe that, more specifically, Epstein's attorneys knew of Epstein's scheme to recruit minors for sex 
and also knew that these minors had civil actions that they could bring against him. In fact, there was 
much communication between Epstein's attorneys and the United States Prosecutors in a joint attempt 
to minimize Epstein's civil exposure. For example, on October 3, 2007, Assistant U.S. Attorney-
_
sent an email (attached hereto as Exhibit "D") to Jay Lefkowitz, counsel for Epstein, with 
attached proposed letter to special master regarding handling numerous expected civil claims against 
Epstein. The letter reads in pertinent part, 
"The undersigned, as counsel for the United States of America and Jeffrey 
Epstein, jointly write to you to provide information relevant to your service as a 
Special Master in the selection of an attorney to represent several young women who 
may have civil damages claims against Mr. Epstein. The U.S. Attorney's Office and 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation (jointly referred to as the "United States") have 
conducted an investigation of Jeffrey Epstein regarding his solicitation of minor 
females in Palm Beach County to engage in prostitution. Mr. Epstein, through his 
assistants, would recruit underage females to travel to his home in Palm Beach to 
EFTA00729913
--- PAGE 5 ---
engage in lewd conduct in exchange for money. Based upon the investigation, the 
United States has identified forty (40) young women who can be characterized as 
victims pursuant to 18 USC 2255. Some of those women went to Mr. Epstein's 
home only once, some went there as much as 100 times or more. Some of the 
women's conduct was limited to performing a topless or nude massage while Mr. 
Epstein masturbated himself. For other women, the conduct escalated to full sexual 
intercourse. As part of the resolution of the case, Epstein has agreed that he would 
not contest jurisdiction in the Southern District of Florida for any victim who chose 
to sue him for damages pursuant to 18 USC 2255. Mr. Epstein agreed to provide an 
attorney for victims who elected to proceed exclusively pursuant to that section, and 
agreed to waive any challenge to liability under that section up to an amount agreed 
to by the parties. The parties have agreed to submit the selection of an attorney to a 
Special Master...." 
7. 
At all relevant times Edwards has had a good faith basis to believe and did in fact 
believe that 
was, in fact, a victim of Epstein's criminal abuse because Owas one of the minor 
females that the United States Attorney's Office recognized as a victim. Ms 
sworn deposition 
testimony and the adverse inference drawn from Epstein's refusal to testify confirm that Epstein began 
sexually assaulting d when she was 13 years old and continued to molest her on more than fifty 
(50) occasions over three (3) years. Epstein Depo., Attachment #1, at 17 ("Q: Did you . . . ever engage 
in any sexual conduct with MP?" A: [Invocation of the Fifth Amendment].); see also Epstein Depo., 
April 14, 2010, Attachment #6, at 456 ("Q: ■ 
was an underage female that you first abused when she 
was 13 years old; is that correct?" A: [Invocation of Fifth Amendment].) 
8. 
Epstein was also given ample opportunity to explain why he engaged in sexual activity 
with MI beginning when ■[. was 13 years old and why he has molested minors on an everyday 
basis for years, and he invoked his 5th amendment right rather than provide explanation. See Epstein 
Deposition, February 17, 2010, at 11-12, 30-31 (Deposition AttaclunEnt # 7). 
9. 
Epstein also sexually assaulted a, beginning when she was 14 years old and did so 
on numerous occasions. See W. Depo., Attachment #4 at 215-216. 
10. 
Mother of the minor girls Epstein sexually assaulted was Jane Doe; the abuse began 
EFTA00729914
--- PAGE 6 ---
when Jane Doe was 14 years old. Rather than incriminate himself, Epstein invoked the 5th amendment 
to questions about him digitally penetrating Doe's vagina, using vibrators on her vagina and 
masturbating and ejaculating in her presence. Epstein Depo., April 14, 2010, Attachment #6, at 420, 
464, 468. 
11. 
When 
clients d N., and Jane Doe were 13 or 14 years old, each was 
brought to Epstein's home multiple times by another underage victim. Epstein engaged in one or more 
of the following acts with each of the then-minor girls at his mansion: receiving a topless or 
completely nude massage; using a vibrator on her vagina; masturbating in her presence; ejaculating in 
her presence; touching her breast or buttocks or vagina or the clothes covering her sexual organs; and 
demanding that she bring him other underage girls. Epstein and his co-conspirators used the telephone 
to contact these girls to entice or induce them into going to his mansion for sexual abuse. Epstein also 
made 
perform oral sex on him and was to perform sex acts on 
(Epstein's live-
in sex slave) in Epstein's presence. See Plaintiff Jane Doe's Notice Regarding Evidence of Similar 
Acts of Sexual Assault, filed in Jane Doe v. Epstein, No. 08-cv-80893 (S.D. Fla. 2010), as DE 197, 
(hereinafter "Rule 413 Notice") (Exhibit "E"); Jane Doe Depo., Attachment #2, at 379-380; fl
Depo., Attachment #3, at 416; a Depo, Attachment #4, at 205. 
12. 
At all relevant times Edwards has had a good faith basis to believe and did in fact 
believe that yet another of the minor girls Epstein sexually assaulted was 
When she was 
approximately 15 years old, R. was brought to Epstein's home by another underage victim. While a 
minor, she was at Epstein's home on multiple occasions. Epstein engaged in one or more of the 
following acts with her while she was a minor at his house - topless or completely nude massage on 
Epstein; Epstein used a vibrator on her vagina; Epstein masturbated in her presence; Epstein ejaculated 
in her presence; Epstein also demanded that she bring him other underage girls. See Rule 413 Notice, 
EFTA00729915
--- PAGE 7 ---
Exhibit "E"; Incident Report, Exhibit "A." 
13. 
At all relevant times Edwards has had a good faith basis to believe and did in fact 
believe that yet another girl Epstein sexually assault wasIMWhen she was approximately 16 years 
old, she was brought to Epstein's home by another underage victim. While a minor, she was at 
Epstein's home on multiple occasions. Epstein engaged in one or more of the following acts with her 
while she was a minor at his house - topless or completely nude massage on Epstein; Epstein used a 
vibrator on her vagina; Epstein masturbated in her presence; Epstein ejaculated in her presence; 
Epstein touched her breast or buttock or vagina or the clothes covering her sexual organs; was made to 
perform sex acts on Epstein; made to perform sex acts on 
in Epstein's presence. 
Epstein also forcibly raped this underage victim, as he held her head down against her will and pumped 
his penis inside her while she was screaming "No". See Rule 413 Notice, Exhibit "E"; Incident Report, 
Exhibit "A", at 41 (specifically discussing the rape): 
remembered that she climaxed and was removing herself from the massage 
table. 
asked for a sheet of a er and drew the massage table in the master 
bathroom and where Epstein,
and she were. Epstein turned 
on to her 
stomach on the massage bed and inserted his enis into her vagina. MI stated 
Epstein began to pump his penis in her vagina. 
became upset over this. She said 
her head was being held against the bed forcibly, as he continued to pump inside her. 
She screamed no, and Epstein stopped ...." 
advised there were times that she was so sore when she left Epstein's house. 
advised she was ripped, torn, in her vagina area. 
advised she had 
difficulty walking to the car after leaving the house because she was so sore." 
14. 
Without detailing each fact known about Epstein's abuse of the many underage girls, 
Edwards has had a good faith basis to believe and did in fact believe at all relevant times that Epstein 
also abused other victims in ways closely similar to those described in the preceding paragraphs. 
Epstein's additional victims include the following (among many other) young girls 
These girls were between the ages of 13 and 
EFTA00729916
--- PAGE 8 ---
when Epstein abused them. See Rule 413 Notice, Exhibit E; Deposition of 4, Deposition 
Attachment #4. 
15. 
One of Mr. Epstein's household employees, Mr. Alfredo Rodriguez, saw numerous 
underage girls coming into Epstein's mansion for purported "massages." See Rodriguez Depo. at 242-
(Deposition Attachment #8). Rodriguez was aware that "sex toys" and vibrators were found in 
Epstein's bedroom after the purported massages. Id. at 223-28. Rodriguez thought what Epstein was 
doing was wrong, given the extreme youth of the girls he saw. Id. at 230-31. 
16. 
Alfredo Rodriguez took a journal from Epstein's computer that reflected many of the 
names of underage females Epstein abused across the country and the world, including locations such 
as Michigan, California, West Palm Beach, New York, New Mexico, and Paris, France. See Journal 
(hereinafter "The Journal" or "Holy Grail") (Exhibit "F") (identifying, among other Epstein 
acquaintances, females that Rodriguez believes were underage under the heading labeled "Massages"). 
17. 
Rodriguez was later charged in a criminal complaint with obstruction of justice in 
connection with trying to obtain $50,000 from civil attorneys pursuing civil sexual assault cases 
against Epstein as payment for producing the book to the attorneys. See Criminal Complaint at 2, U.S. 
v. Rodriguez, No. 9:10-CR-80015-KAM (S.D. Fla. 2010) (Exhibit "G"). Rodriguez stated he needed 
money because the journal was his "property" and that he was afraid that Jeffrey Epstein would make 
him "disappear" unless he had an "insurance policy" (i.e., the journal). Id. at 3. Because of the 
importance of the information in the journal to the civil cases, Mr. Rodriguez called it "The Holy 
Grail." 
18. 
In the "Holy Grail" or "The Journal," among the many names listed (along with the 
abused girls) are some of the people that Epstein alleges in his Complaint had "no connection 
whatsoever" with the litigation in this case. See, e.g., Journal, Exhibit F, at 85 (Donald Trump); at 9 
EFTA00729917
--- PAGE 9 ---
(Bill Clinton phone numbers listed under "Doug Bands"). 
Federal Investigation and Plea ARreement With Epstein 
19. 
In approximately 2005, the FBI and the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Southern District 
of Florida learned of Epstein's repeated sexual abuse of minor girls. 
They began a criminal 
investigation into federal offenses related to his crimes. See U.S. Attorney's Correspondence, Exhibit 
20. 
At all relevant times Edwards has had a good faith basis to believe and did in fact 
believe that to avoid the Government learning about his abuse of minor girls, Epstein threatened his 
employees and demanded that they not cooperate with the government. Epstein's aggressive witness 
tampering was so severe that the United States Attorney's Office prepared negotiated plea agreements 
containing these charges. For example, in a September 18, 2007, email from AUSA 
to 
Lefkowitz (attached hereto as Exhibit "H"), she attached the proposed plea agreement describing 
Epstein's witness tampering as follows: 
"UNITED STATES vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN PLEA PROFFER" 
On August 21, 2007, FBI Special Agents and 
traveled to the home of 
to serve her with a federal grandnsu poena 
with an investigation pending in the Southern District of Florida. Ms. MI works as 
the personal assistant of the defendant. Ms. 
began speaking with the agents and 
then excused herself to go upstairs to check on her sleeping child. While upstairs, Ms. 
telephoned the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and informed him that the FBI agents 
were at her home. Mr. Epstein instructed Ms. 
not to speak with the agents and 
reprimanded her for allowing them into her home. Mr. Epstein applied pressure to keep 
Ms. 
from complying with the grand jury subpoenas that the agents had served 
upon her. In particular, Mr. Epstein warned Ms. 
against turning over documents 
and electronic evidence responsive to the subpoena and pressured her to delay her 
appearance before the grand jury in the Southern District of Florida. This conversation 
occurred when Mr. Epstein was aboard his privately owned civilian aircraft in Miami in 
the Southern District of Florida. His pilot had filed a flight plan showing the parties 
were about to return to Teterboro, NJ. After the conversation with Ms. 
Mr. 
lin 
became concerned that the FBI would try to serve his traveling companion, 
with a similar grand jury subpoena. In fact, the agents were 
EFTA00729918
--- PAGE 10 ---
preparing to serve Ms. 
with a target letter when the flight landed in 
Teterboro. Mr. Epstein then redirected his airplane, making the pilot file a new flight 
plan to travel to the US Virgin Islands instead of the New York City area, thereby 
keeping the Special Agents from serving the target letter on 
During 
the flight, the defendant verbally harassed Ms. 
,harassing an pressuring 
her not to cooperate with the grand jury's investigation, thereby hindering and 
dissuading her from reporting the commission of a violation of federal law to a law 
enforcement officer, namely, Special Agents of the FBI. Epstein also threatened and 
harassed 
against cooperating against him as well. 
21. 
Edwards learned that the Palm Beach police department investigation ultimately led to 
the execution of a search warrant at Epstein's mansion in October 2005. See Police Incident Report, 
Exhibit "A". 
22. 
Edwards learned that at around the same time, the Palm Beach Police Department also 
began investigating Epstein's sexual abuse of minor girls. They also collected evidence of Epstein's 
involvement with minor girls and his obsession with training sex slaves, including pulling information 
from Epstein's trash. Their investigation showed that Epstein ordered from Amazon.com on about 
September 4, 2005, such books as: SM101: A Realistic Introduction, by Jay Wiseman; SlaveCraft: 
Roadmaps for Erotic Servitude - Principles, Skills, and Tools, by Guy Baldwin; and Training with 
Miss Abernathy: A Workbook for Erotic Slaves and Their Owners, by Christina Abernathy. See 
Receipt for Sex Slave Books (Exhibit "I"). 
23. 
The Palm Beach incident reports provided Edwards with the names of numerous 
witnesses that participated in Epstein's child molestation criminal enterprise and also provided 
Edwards with some insight into how far-reaching Epstein's power was and how addicted Epstein was 
to sex with children. See Incident Report, Exhibit "A". 
24. 
The Palm Beach Police Department also collected Epstein's message pads, which 
provided other names of people that also knew Epstein's scheme to molest children. See Message 
Pads (Exhibit "J") (note: the names of underage females have been redacted to protect the anonymity 
EFTA00729919
--- PAGE 11 ---
of the underage sex abuse victims). Those message pads show clear indication that Epstein's staff was 
frequently working to schedule multiple young girls between the ages of 12 and 16 years old literally 
every day, often two or three times per day. Id. 
25. 
In light of all of the information of numerous crimes committed by Epstein, Edwards 
learned that the U.S. Attorney's Office began preparing the filing of federal criminal charges against 
Epstein. For example, in addition to the witness tampering and money laundering charges the U.S. 
Attorney's Office prepared an 82-page prosecution memo and a 53-page indictment of Epstein related 
to his sexual abuse of children. On September 19, 2007, at 12:14 PM, AUSA _wrote 
to 
Epstein's counsel, Jay Lefkowitz, "Jay - I hate to have to be firm about this, but we need to wrap this 
up by Monday. I will not miss my indictment date when this has dragged on for several weeks already 
and then, if things fall apart, be left in a less advantageous position than before the negotiations. I have 
had an 82-page pros memo and 53-page indictment sitting on the shelf since May to engage in these 
negotiations. 
There has to be an ending date, and that date is Monday." 
These and other 
communications are within the correspondence attached as Composite Exhibit "C." 
26. 
Edwards learned that rather than face the filing of federal felony criminal charges, 
Epstein (through his attorneys) engaged in plea bargain discussions. As a result of those discussions, 
on September 24, 2007, Epstein signed an agreement with the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern 
District of Florida. Under the agreement, Epstein agreed to plead guilty to an indictment pending 
against him in the 15th Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County charging him with solicitation of 
prostitution and procurement of minors for prostitution. Epstein also agreed that he would receive a 
thirty month sentence, including 18 months of jail time and 12 months of community control. In 
exchange, the U.S. Attorney's Office agreed not to pursue any federal charges against Epstein. See 
Non-Prosecution Agreement (Exhibit "K"). 
EFTA00729920
--- PAGE 12 ---
27. 
Part of the Non-Prosecution Agreement that Epstein negotiated was a provision in 
which the federal government agreed not to prosecute Epstein's co-conspirators. The co-conspirators 
procured minor females to be molested by Epstein. One of the co-conspirators - 
even participated in the sex acts with minors (including 
and Epstein. 
See Incident Report, 
Exhibit "A", at 40-42, 49-51; Deposition of 
April 13, 2010, (hereinafter 
Depo.") at 11 (Deposition attachment #9). 
28. 
Under the Non-Prosecution Agreement, Epstein was to use his "best efforts" to enter 
into his guilty pleas by October 26, 2007. However, Edwards learned that Epstein violated his 
agreement with the U.S. Attorney's Office to do so and delayed entry of his plea. See Letter from U.S. 
Attorney R. Alexander Acosta to Lilly Ann Sanchez, Dec. 19, 2007 (Exhibit "L"). 
29. 
On January 10, 2008 and again on May 30, 2008 ar. and MI received letters from 
the FBI advising them that "[t]his case is currently under investigation. This can be a lengthy process 
and we request your continued patience while we conduct a thorough investigation." Letters attached 
at Composite Exhibit "M". This document is evidence that the FBI did not notify 
and =that a 
plea agreement had already been reached that would block federal prosecution of Epstein. Nor did the 
FBI notify M. and 
of any of the parts of the plea agreement. Nor did the FBI or other federal 
authorities confer with 
and IN about the plea. See id. 
30. 
In 2008, Edwards believed in good faith that criminal prosecution of Epstein was 
extremely important to his clients fl
 and Ell and that they desired to be consulted by the FBI 
and/or other representatives of the federal government about the prosecution of Epstein. The letters 
that they had received around January 10, 2008, suggested that a criminal investigation of Epstein was 
on-going and that they would be contacted before the federal government reached any final resolution 
of that investigation. See id. 
EFTA00729921
--- PAGE 13 ---
Edwards Agrees to Serve as Legal Counsel for Three Victims of Epstein's Sexual Assaults 
31. 
In about April 2008, Bradley J. Edwards, Esq., was a licensed attorney in Florida, 
practicing as a sole practitioner. As a former prosecutor, he was well versed in civil cases that 
involved criminal acts, including sexual assaults. Three of the many girls Epstein had abused — 4., 
and Jane Doe — all requested that Edwards represent them civilly and secure appropriate 
monetary damages against Epstein for repeated acts of sexual abuse while they were minor girls. Two 
of the girls (II and 
) also requested that Edwards represent them in connection with a concern 
that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and U.S. Attorney's Office might be arranging a plea 
bargain for the criminal offenses committed by Epstein without providing them the legal rights to 
which they were entitled (including the right to be notified of plea discussions and the right to confer 
with prosecutors about any plea arrangement). See Affidavit of Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. at ¶1 - 2, ¶4 
(hereinafter "Edwards Affidavit") (Exhibit "N"). 
32. 
On June 13, 2008, attorney Edwards agreed to represent 0; 
on July 2, 2008, attorney 
Edwards agreed to represent Jane Doe; and, on July 7, 2008, attorney Edwards agreed to represent 
Min connection with the sexual assaults committed by Epstein and to insure that their rights as 
victims of crimes were protected in the criminal process on-going against Epstein. Mr. Edwards and 
his three clients executed written retention agreements. See id. at ¶2. 
33. 
In mid June of 2008, Edwards contacted AUSA 
to inform her that he 
represented Jane Doe #1 and, later, Jane Doe #2. AUSA =did 
not advise that a plea agreement 
had already been negotiated with Epstein's attorneys that would block federal prosecution. To the 
contrary, AUSA 
mentioned a possible indictment. AUSA 
did indicate that federal 
investigators had concrete evidence and information that Epstein had sexually molested many 
underage minor females, including 
and Jane Doe. See id at ¶4. 
EFTA00729922
--- PAGE 14 ---
34. 
Edwards also requested from the U.S. Attorney's Office the information that they had 
collected regarding Epstein's sexual abuse of his clients. However, the U.S. Attorney's Office, 
declined to provide any such information to Edwards. It similarly declined to provide any such 
information to the other attorneys who represented victims of Epstein's sexual assaults. At the very 
least, this includes the items that were confiscated in the search warrant of Epstein's home, including 
dildos, vibrators, massage table, oils, and additional message pads. See Property Receipt (Exhibit 
"CP). 
35. 
On Friday, June 27, 2008, at approximately 4:15 p.m., AUSA 
received a copy 
of Epstein's proposed state plea agreement and learned that the plea was scheduled for 8:30 a.m., 
Monday, June 30, 2008. AUSA nailed 
Edwards to provide notice to his clients regarding the 
hearing. AUSA 
did not tell Attorney Edwards that the guilty pleas in state court would bring 
an end to the possibility of federal prosecution pursuant to the plea agreement. 
See Edwards 
Affidavit, Exhibit "N", at 
36. 
Under the Crime Victims' Rights Act (CVRA), 18 U.S.C. § 3771, victims of federal 
crimes — including 
M
I
and MP — are entitled to basic rights during any plea bargaining process, 
including the right to be treated with fairness, the right to confer with prosecutors regarding any plea, 
and the right to be heard regarding any plea. The process that was followed leading to the non-
prosecution of Epstein violated these rights of 
and 
See Emergency Petri. for Victim's 
Enforcement of Crime Victim's Rights, No. 9:08-CV-80736-KAM (S.D. Fla. 2008) (Exhibit "P"). 
37. 
Because of the violation of the CVRA, on July 7, 2008, Edwards filed an action in the 
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida, Case No. 9:08-CV-80736, seeking to enforce 
the rights of El and 
That action alleged that the U.S. Attorney's Office had failed to provide 
Sandal 
the rights to which they were entitled under the Act, including the right to be notified 
EFTA00729923
--- PAGE 15 ---
about a plea agreement and to confer with prosecutors regarding it. See id. 
38. 
On July 11, 2008, Edwards took NB and 
with him to the hearing on the CVRA 
action. It was only at this hearing that both victims learned for the first time that the plea deal was 
already done with Epstein and that the criminal case against Epstein had been effectively terminated by 
the U.S. Attorney's office. See Hearing Transcript, July 11, 2008 (Exhibit "Q"). 
39. 
Edwards learned that Jane Doe felt so strongly that the plea bargain was inappropriate 
that she made her own determination to appear on a television program and exercise her First 
Amendment rights to criticize the unduly lenient plea bargain Epstein received in a criminal case. 
40. 
The CVRA action that Edwards filed was recently administratively closed and Edwards 
filed a Motion to reopen that proceeding. See No. 9:08-CV-80736 (S.D. Fla.). 
Epstein's Entry of Guilty Pleas to Sex Offenses 
41. 
Ultimately, on June 30, 2008, in the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in Palm Beach County, 
Florida, defendant Epstein, entered pleas of "guilty" to various Florida state crimes involving the 
solicitation of minors for prostitution and the procurement of minors for the purposes of prostitution. 
See Plea Colloquy (Exhibit "R"). 
42. 
As a condition of that plea, and in exchange for the Federal Government not 
prosecuting the Defendant, Epstein additionally entered into an agreement with the Federal 
Government acknowledging that approximately thirty-four (34) other young girls could receive 
payments from him under the federal statute providing for compensation to victims of child sexual 
abuse, 18 U.S.C. § 2255. As had been agreed months before, the U.S. Attorney's Office did not 
prosecute Epstein federally for his sexual abuse of these minor girls. See Addendum to Non-
Prosecution Agreement (Exhibit "5") (in redacted form to protect the identities of the minors 
involved). 
EFTA00729924
--- PAGE 16 ---
43. 
Because Epstein became a convicted sex offender, he was not to have contact with any 
of his victims. During the course of his guilty pleas on June 30, 2008, Palm Beach Circuit Court Judge 
Deborah Dale Pucillo ordered Epstein "not to have any contact, direct or indirect" with any victims. 
She also expressly stated that her no-contact order applied to "all of the victims." Similar orders were 
entered by the federal court handling some of the civil cases against Epstein. The federal court stated 
that it "finds it necessary to state clearly that Defendant is under this court's order not to have direct or 
indirect contact with any plaintiffs . . .." Order, Case No. 9:08-cv-80119 (S.D. Fla. 2008), [DE 238] at 
4-5 (emphasis added); see also Order, Case No. 9:08-cv-80893, [DE 193] at 2 (emphasis added). 
Edwards Files Civil Suits Against Epstein 
44. Edwards had a good faith belief that his clients felt angry and betrayed by the criminal 
system and wished to prosecute and punish Epstein for his crimes against them in whatever avenue 
remained open to them. On August 12, 2008, at the request of his client Jane Doe, Brad Edwards filed 
a civil suit against Jeffrey Epstein to recover damages for his sexual assault of Jane Doe. See Edwards 
Affidavit, "N" at ¶7. Included in this complaint was a RICO count that explained how Epstein ran a 
criminal conspiracy to procure young girls for him to sexually abuse. 
See Complaint, Jane Doe v. 
Epstein (Exhibit "T"). 
45. On September 11, 2008, at the request of his client 
Brad Edwards filed a civil suit 
against Jeffrey Epstein to recover damages for his sexual assault of MO See Complaint, IME v. 
Epstein (Exhibit "U"). 
46. On September 11, 2008, at the request of his client 
,
Brad Edwards filed a civil suit 
against Jeffrey Epstein to recover damages for his sexual assault of EP See Complaint, 
v. 
Epstein, (Exhibit "V"). 
47. Jane Doe's federal complaint indicated that she sought damages of more than $50,000,000. 
EFTA00729925
--- PAGE 17 ---
Listing the amount of damages sought in the complaint was in accord with other civil suits that were 
filed against Epstein (before any lawsuit filed by Edwards). See Complaint, Jane Doe #4 v. Epstein 
(Exhibit "W") (filed by Herman and Mermelstein, PA). 
48. At about the same time as Edwards filed his three lawsuits against Epstein, other civil 
attorneys were filing similar lawsuits against Epstein. For example, on or about April 14, 2008 another 
law firm, Herman and Mermelstein, filed the first civil action against Epstein on behalf of one of its 
seven clients who were molested by Epstein. The complaints that attorney Herman filed on behalf of 
his seven clients were similar in tenor and tone to the complaint that Edwards filed on behalf of his 
three clients. See id. 
49. Over the next year and a half, more than 20 other similar civil actions were filed by various 
attorneys against Epstein alleging sexual assault of minor girls. These complaints were also similar in 
tenor and tone to the complaint that Edwards filed on behalf of his clients. These complaints are all 
public record and have not been attached, but are available in this Court's files and the files of the U.S. 
District Court for the Southern District of Florida. 
50. In addition to the complaints filed against Epstein in Florida, a female in New York, Ava 
Cordero, filed a lawsuit against Epstein in New York making similar allegations - that Epstein paid her 
for a massage then forced her to give him oral sex and molested her in other ways when she was only 
years old. Cordero was born a male, and in her complaint she alleges that Epstein told her during 
the "massage", "I love how young you are. You have a tight butt like a baby". See Jeff Epstein Sued 
for "Repeated Sexual Assaults" on Teen, New York Post, October 17, 2007, by Dareh Gregorian, link 
at: 
http://www.nypost.com/n/news/regionallitem 44z1WvLUFH7RIOUtKYGPbP:isessionid=6CA3EBF1 
BEF68F5DE14BFB2CAA5C37E0. See Article attached hereto as Exhibit "X". 
EFTA00729926
--- PAGE 18 ---
51. 
Edwards's three complaints against Epstein contained less detail about sexual abuse 
than (as one example) a complaint filed by attorney Robert Josephsberg from the law firm of Podhurst 
Orseck. See Complaint, Jane Doe 102 v. Epstein (Exhibit "B"). 
As recounted in detail in this 
Complaint, Jane Doe 102 was 15 years old when Ghislaine Maxwell discovered her and lured her to 
Epstein's house. Maxwell and Epstein forced her to have sex with both of them and within weeks 
Maxwell and Epstein were flying her all over the world. According to the Complaint, Jane Doe 102 
was forced to live as one of Epstein's underage sex slaves for years and was forced to have sex with 
not only Maxwell and Epstein but also other politicians, businessmen, royalty, academicians, etc. She 
was even made to watch Epstein have sex with three 12-year-old French girls that were sent to him for 
his birthday by a French citizen that is a friend of Epstein's. Luckily, Jane Doe 102 escaped to 
Australia to get away from Epstein and Maxwell's sexual abuse. 
52. 
Edwards learned that in addition to civil suits that were filed in court against Epstein, at 
around the same time other attorneys engaged in pre-filing settlement discussions with Epstein. Rather 
than face filed civil suits in these cases, Epstein paid money settlements to more than 15 other women 
who had sexually abused while they were minors. See articles regarding settlements attached hereto as 
Composite Exhibit "Y." 
Epstein's Obstruction of Normal Discovery and Attacks on His Victims 
53. 
Once Edwards filed his civil complaints for his three clients, he began the normal 
process of discovery for cases such as these. He sent standard discovery requests to Epstein about his 
sexual abuse of the minor girls, including requests for admissions, request for production, and 
interrogatories. See Edwards Affidavit, Exhibit "N", at ¶¶l 1-19 and 25. 
Rather than answer any substantive questions about his sexual abuse and his conspiracy for procuring 
minor girls for him to abuse, Epstein invoked his 5th amendment right against self-incrimination. An 
IS 
EFTA00729927
--- PAGE 19 ---
example of Epstein's refusal to answer is attached as Composite Exhibit "Z" (original discovery 
propounded to Epstein and his responses invoking 5th amendment). 
54. 
During the discovery phase of the civil cases filed against Epstein, Epstein's deposition 
was taken at least five times. 
During all of those depositions, Epstein refused to answer any 
substantive questions about his sexual abuse of minor girls. See, e.g., Deposition Attachments 1, 6 and 
7. 
55. 
During these depositions, Epstein further attempted to obstruct legitimate questioning 
by inserting a variety of irrelevant information about his case. As one of innumerable examples, on 
March 8, 2010, Mr. Horowitz, representing seven victims, Jane Doe's 2-8, asked, "Q: In 2004, did you 
rub Jane Doe 3's vagina? A: Excuse me. I'd like to answer that question, as I would like to answer 
mostly every question you've asked me here today; however, upon advice of counsel, I cannot answer 
that question. They've advised me I must assert my Sixth Amendment, Fifth Amendment and 
Fourteenth Amendment Rights against self--excuse me, against--under the Constitution. And though 
your partner, Jeffrey Herman, was disbarred after filing this lawsuit [a statement that was untrue], Mr. 
Edwards' partner sits in jail for fabricating cases of a sexual nature fleecing unsuspecting Florida 
investors and others out of millions of dollars for cases of a sexual nature with--I'd like to answer your 
questions; however if I--I'm told that if I do so, I risk losing my counsel's representation; therefore I 
must accept their advice." Epstein deposition, March 8, 2010, at 106 (Deposition attachment #10). 
56. 
When Edwards had the opportunity to take Epstein's deposition, he only asked 
reasonable questions, all of which related to the merits of the cases against Epstein. All depositions of 
Epstein in which Mr. Edwards participated on behalf of his clients are attached to this motion. See 
Edwards Affidavit, Exhibit "N" at ¶11 and Deposition attachments #1, 6, 7, 10, 11, 12, and 13. Cf. 
with Deposition of Epstein taken by an attorney representing ■ 
(one in which Edwards was not 
EFTA00729928
--- PAGE 20 ---
participating), 
http://www.voutube.com/watch?v=V-dqoEvflx4; 
and 
h 
//www outube com/watch9v=YCNiY1tW-r0 
57. 
Edwards's efforts to obtain information about Epstein's organization for procuring 
young girls was also blocked because Epstein's co-conspirators took the Fifth. Deposition of 
., 
March 24, 2010 (hereinafter `4= 
Depo.") (Deposition attachment #14); Deposition of 
i., April 13, 2010, (Deposition attachment #9); Deposition of 
March 15, 2010 (hereinafter 
Depo.") (Deposition attachment #15). 
Each of these co-
conspirators invoked their respective rights against self-incrimination as to all relevant questions, and 
the depositions have been attached. 
58. 
At all relevant times Edwards has had a good faith basis to believe and did in fact 
believe 
was an employee of Epstein's and had been identified as a defendant in at least 
one of the complaints against Epstein for her role in bringing girls to Epstein's mansion to be abused. 
At the deposition, she was represented by Bruce Reinhart. She invoked the Fifth on all substantive 
questions regarding her role in arranging for minor girls to come to Epstein's mansion to be sexually 
abused. Reinhart had previously been an Assistant United States Attorney in the U.S. Attorney's 
Office for the Southern District of Florida when Epstein was being investigated criminally by 
Reinhart's office. Reinhart left the United States Attorney's Office and was immediately hired by 
Epstein to represent Epstein's pilots and certain co-conspirators during the civil cases against Epstein. 
See Edwards Affidavit, Exhibit "N" at ¶11. 
59. 
Edwards also had other lines of legitimate discovery blocked through the efforts of 
Epstein and others. For example, Edwards learned through deposition that Ghislaine Maxwell was 
involved in managing Epstein's affairs and companies. See deposition of Epstein's house manager 
Janusz Banziak, February 16, 2010 at page 14, lines 20-23 (Deposition Attachment #16); See 
EFTA00729929
--- PAGE 21 ---
deposition of Epstein's housekeeper 
October 20, 2009, page 9, lines 17-25 
(Deposition Attachment #17); See deposition of Epstein's pilot Larry Eugene Morrison, October 6, 
2009, page 102-103 (Deposition Attachment #18); See deposition of Alfredo Rodriguez, August 7, 
2009, page 302-306 and 348 (Deposition Attachment #8); See also Prince Andrew's Friend, Ghislaine 
Maxwell, Some Underage Girls and A Very Disturbing Story, September 23, 2007 by Wendy Leigh, 
link at http://www.redicecreations.corn/article.php?id=189
Exhibit "AA". 
60. 
Alfredo Rodriguez testified that Maxwell took photos of girls without the girls' 
knowledge, kept the images on her computer, knew the names of the underage girls and their 
respective phone numbers and other underage victims were molested by Epstein and Maxwell together. 
See Deposition of Rodriguez, Deposition attachment # 8 at 64, 169-170 and 236. 
61. 
In reasonable reliance on this and other information, Edwards served Maxwell for 
deposition in 2009. See Deposition Notice attached as Exhibit "BB." Maxwell was represented by 
Brett Jaffe of the New York firm of Cohen and Gresser, and Edwards understood that her attorney was 
paid for (directly or indirectly) by Epstein. She was reluctant to give her deposition, and Edwards tried 
to work with her attorney to take her deposition on terms that would be acceptable to both sides. The 
result was the attached confidentiality agreement, under which Maxwell agreed to drop any objections 
to the deposition, attached hereto as Exhibit "CC." Maxwell, however, contrived to avoid the 
deposition. On June 29, 2010, one day before Edwards was to fly to NY to take Maxwell's deposition, 
her attorney informed Edwards that Maxwell's mother was deathly ill and Maxwell was consequently 
flying to England with no intention of returning to the United States. Despite that assertion, Ghislaine 
Maxwell was in fact in the country on July 31, 2010, as she attended the wedding of Chelsea Clinton 
(former President Clinton's daughter) and was captured in a photograph taken for OK magazine. 
Photos from Issue 809 of the publication See US Weekly dated August 16, 2010 are attached hereto as 
EFTA00729930
--- PAGE 22 ---
Exhibit "DD" and Edwards Affidavit, Exhibit "N" at ¶12. 
62. 
Maxwell is not the only important witness to lie to avoid deposition by Edwards. Upon 
review of the message pads that were taken from Epstein's home in the police trash pulls, see Exhibit 
"J" supra, many were from Jean Luc Brunel, a French citizen and one of Epstein's closest pals. He 
left messages for Epstein. One dated 4/1/05 said, "He has a teacher for you to teach you how to speak 
Russian. She is 2x8 years old, not blonde. Lessons are free and you can have your In today if you 
call." See Messages taken from Jean Luc Brunel are attached hereto as Exhibit "EE." In light of these 
circumstances of the case, this message reasonably suggested to Edwards that Brunel might have been 
procuring two eight-year-old girls for Epstein to sexually abuse. According to widely circulated press 
reports reviewed by Edwards, Brunel is in his sixties and has a reputation throughout the world (and 
especially in the modeling industry) as a cocaine addict that has for years molested children through 
modeling agencies while acting as their agent — conduct that has been the subject of critical reports, 
books, several news articles, and a 60 Minutes documentary on Brunel's sexual exploitation of 
underage models. See http://bradmillershero.blogspot.com/2010/08/women-are-obiects.html, attached 
hereto as Exhibit "FF." 
63. 
Edwards learned that Brunel is also someone that visited Epstein on approximately 67 
occasions while Epstein was in jail. See Epstein's jail visitor log attached as Exhibit "GO." 
64. 
Edwards learned that Brunel currently runs the modeling agency MC2, a company for 
which Epstein provides financial support. See Message Pad's attached as Exhibit "J" supra and Sworn 
Statement of MC2 employee 
a, 
June 15, 2010, "a 
Sworn Statement" 
attached at Exhibit "HH" at 1-16. 
65. 
Employees of MC2 told Edwards that Epstein's numerous condos at 301 Fast 66 Street 
in New York were used to house young models. Edwards was told that MC2 modeling agency, 
EFTA00729931
--- PAGE 23 ---
affiliated with Epstein and Brunel brought underage girls from all over the world, promising them 
modeling contracts. Epstein and Brunel would then obtain a visa for these girls, then would charge the 
underage girls rent, presumably to live as underage prostitutes in the condos. See 
Sworn Statement, Exhibit "HI-I" at 7-10, 12-15, 29-30, 39-41, 59-60 and 62-67. 
66. 
In view of this information suggesting Brunel could provide significant evidence of 
Epstein's trafficking in young girls for sexual abuse, Edwards had Brunel served in New York for 
deposition. See Notice of Deposition of Jean Luc Brunel attached hereto as Exhibit "II." Before the 
deposition took place, Brunel's attorney (Tama Kudman of West Palm Beach) contacted Edwards to 
delay the deposition date. Eventually Kudman informed Edwards in January 2009 that Brunel had left 
the country and was back in France with no plans to return. This information was untrue; Brunel was 
actually staying with Epstein in West Palm Beach. See Banasiak deposition, deposition attachment 
#16 at 154-160 and 172-175; see also pages from Epstein's probation file evidencing Jean Luc Brunel 
(JLB) staying at his house during that relevant period of time attached Exhibit "JJ". As a result, 
Edwards filed a Motion for Contempt, attached hereto as Exhibit "KK" (Because Epstein settled this 
case, the motion was never ruled upon.) 
67. 
Edwards was also informed that Epstein paid for not only Brunel's representation 
during the civil process but also paid for legal representation for M. 
(Epstein's executive 
assistant and procurer of girls for him to abuse), Larry Visoski (Epstein's personal pilot), Dave Rogers 
(Epstein's personal pilot), Larry Harrison (Epstein's personal pilot), 
(Epstein's 
housekeeper), 
(Epstein's live-in sex slave), Ghislaine Maxwell (manager of 
Epstein's affairs and businesses), Mark Epstein (Epstein's brother), and Janusz Banasiak (Epstein's 
house manager) It was nearly impossible to take a deposition of someone that would have helpful 
information that was not represented by an attorney paid for by Epstein. See Edwards Affidavit, 
EFTA00729932
--- PAGE 24 ---
Exhibit "N" at ¶11. 
68. 
While Epstein and others were preventing any legitimate discovery into his sexual 
abuse of minor girls, at the same time he was engaging (through his attorneys) in brutal questioning of 
the girls who had filed civil suits against him, questioning so savage that it made local headlines. See 
Jane Musgrave, Victims Seeking Sex offender's Millions See Painful Pasts Used Against Them, Palm 
Beach Post News, Jan. 23, 2010, available at http://www.palmbeachpost.com/news/crime/victims-
seeking-sex-offenders-millions-see-painful-pasts-192988.html attached hereto as Exhibit "LL." 
Edwards Pursues Other Lines of Discovery 
69. 
Because of Epstein's thwarting of discovery and attacks on Edwards's clients, Edwards 
was forced to pursue other avenues of discovery. 
Edwards only pursued legitimate discovery 
designed to further the cases filed against Epstein. See Edwards Affidavit, Exhibit "N" at ¶11. 
70. 
Edwards notified Epstein's attorneys of his intent to take Bill Clinton's deposition. 
Edwards possessed a legitimate basis for doing so: (a) Clinton was friends with Ghislaine Maxwell 
who was Epstein's longtime companion and helped to run Epstein's companies, kept images of naked 
underage children on her computer, helped to recruit underage children for Epstein, engaged in lesbian 
sex with underage females that she procured for Epstein, and photographed underage females in 
sexually explicit poses and kept child pornography on her computer; (b) it was national news when 
Clinton traveled with Epstein aboard Epstein's private plane to Africa and the news articles classified 
Clinton as Epstein's friend. (c) the complaint filed on behalf of Jane Doe No. 102 stated generally that 
she was required by Epstein to be sexually exploited by not only Epstein but also Epstein's "adult male 
peers, including royalty, politicians, academicians, businessmen, and/or other professional and 
personal acquaintances" — categories Clinton and acquaintances of Clinton fall into. The flight logs 
showed Clinton traveling on Epstein's plane on numerous occasions between 2002 and 2005. See 
EFTA00729933
--- PAGE 25 ---
Flight logs attached hereto as Exhibit "MM." Clinton traveled on many of those flights with Ghislaine 
Maxwell, 
and a 
- all employees and/or co-conspirators of Epstein's 
that were closely connected to Epstein's child exploitation and sexual abuse. The documents clearly 
show that Clinton frequently flew with Epstein aboard his plane, then suddenly stopped - raising the 
suspicion that the friendship abruptly ended, perhaps because of events related to Epstein's sexual 
abuse of children. Epstein's personal phone directory from his computer contains e-mail addresses for 
Clinton along with 21 phone numbers for him, including those for his assistant (Doug Band), his 
schedulers, and what appear to be Clinton's personal numbers. This information certainly leads one to 
believe that Clinton might well be a source of relevant information and efforts to obtain discovery from 
him were reasonably calculated to lead to admissible evidence. See Exhibits "B", "F" "AA", "DD", 
and "MM" and Edwards Affidavit, Exhibit "N" at 115. 
71. 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq., provided notice that he intended to take the deposition of 
Donald Trump. Edwards possessed a legitimate basis for doing so: (a) The message pads confiscated 
from Epstein's home indicated that Trump called Epstein's West Palm Beach mansion on several 
occasions during the time period most relevant to my Edwards's clients' complaints; (b) Trump was 
quoted in a Vanity Fair article about Epstein as saying "I've known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy," 
"He's a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of 
them are on the younger side. No doubt about it -- Jeffrey enjoys his social life." Jeffrey Epstein: 
International Moneyman of Mystery; He's pals with a passel of Nobel Prize—winning scientists, CEOs 
like Leslie Wexner of the Limited, socialite Ghislaine Maxwell, even Donald Trump. But it wasn't 
until he flew Bill Clinton, Kevin Spacey, and Chris Tucker to Africa on his private Boeing 727 that the 
world began to wonder who he is. By Landon Thomas Jr. (See article attached hereto as Exhibit "NN") 
(c) Trump allegedly banned Epstein from his Maralago Club in West Palm Beach because Epstein 
EFTA00729934
--- PAGE 26 ---
sexually assaulted an underage girl at the club; (d) Jane Doe No. 102's complaint alleged that Jane Doe 
102 was initially approached at Trump's Maralago by Ohislaine Maxwell and recruited to be Maxwell 
and Epstein's underage sex slave; (e) Mark Epstein (Jeffrrey Epstein's brother) testified that Trump 
flew on Jeffrey Epstein's plane with him (the same plane that Jane Doe 102 alleged was used to have 
sex with underage girls); (f) Trump had been to Epstein's home in Palm Beach; (g) Epstein's phone 
directory from his computer contains 14 phone numbers for Donald Trump, including emergency 
numbers, car numbers, and numbers to Trump's security guard and houseman. 
Based on this 
information, Edwards reasonably believed that Trump might have relevant information to provide in 
the cases against Jeffrey Epstein and accordingly provided notice of a possible deposition. See 
deposition of Mark Epstein, September 21, 2009, at 48-50 (Deposition Attachment #19); See Jane Doe 
102 v. Epstein, Exhibit "B"; Exhibit "F"; "Exhibit"J"; "N" and See Edwards Affidavit, Exhibit "N" at 
¶13. 
72. 
Edwards provided notice that he intended to depose Alan Dershowitz. 
Edwards 
possessed a legitimate basis for doing so: (a) Dershowitz is believed to have been friends with Epstein 
for many years; (b) in one news article Dershowitz comments that, "I'm on my 20th book... The only 
person outside of my inunediate family that I send drafts to is Jeffrey" The Talented Mr. Epstein, By 
Vicky Ward on January, 2005 in Published Work, Vanity Fair (See article attached as Exhibit "OO"); 
(c) Epstein's housekeeper Alfredo Rodriguez testified that Dershowitz stayed at Epstein's house during 
the years when Epstein was assaulting minor females on a daily basis; (d) Rodriguez testified that 
Dershowitz was at Epstein's house at times when underage females where there being molested by 
Epstein (see Alfredo Rodriguez deposition at 278-280, 385, 426-427); (e) Dershowitz reportedly 
assisted in attempting to persuade the Palm Beach State Attorney's Office that because the underage 
females alleged to have been victims of Epstein's abuse lacked credibility and could not be believed 
EFTA00729935
--- PAGE 27 ---
that they were at Epstein's house, when Dershowitz himself was an eyewitness to their presence at the 
house; (f) Jane Doe No. 102 stated generally that Epstein forced her to be sexually exploited by not 
only Epstein but also Epstein's "adult male peers, including royalty, politicians, academicians, 
businessmen, and/or other professional and personal acquaintances" — categories that Dershowitz and 
acquaintances of Dershowitz fall into; (g) during the years 2002-2005 Alan Dershowitz was on 
Epstein's plane on several occasions according to the flight logs produced by Epstein's pilot and 
information (described above) suggested that sexual assaults may have taken place on the plane; (h) 
Epstein donated $30 Million one year to the university at which Dershowitz teaches. Based on this 
information, Edwards had a reasonable basis to believe that Dershowitz might have relevant 
information to provide in the cases against Jeffrey Epstein and accordingly provided notice of a 
possible deposition. See Dershowitz letters to the State Attorney's office attached as Exhibit "PP"; 
Deposition of Alfredo Rodriguez at 278-280; Flight Logs Exhibit "MM"; Exhibits "B" and "OO"; and 
Edwards Affidavit, Exhibit "N" at ¶14. 
73. 
Epstein's complaint alleges that Edwards provided notice that he wished to take the 
deposition of Tommy Mattola. That assertion is untrue. Mr. Mattola's deposition was set by the law 
firm of Searcy Denny Scarola Barnhart and Shipley. See Edwards Affidavit, Exhibit "N" at ¶16. 
74. 
Edwards gave notice that he intended to take David Copperfield's deposition. Edwards 
possessed a legitimate basis for doing so. Epstein's housekeeper and one of the only witnesses who 
did not appear for deposition with an Epstein bought attorney, Alfredo Rodriguez, testified that David 
Copperfield was a guest at Epstein's house on several occasions. His name also appears frequently in 
the message pads confiscated from Epstein's house. It has been publicly reported that Copperfield 
himself has had allegations of sexual misconduct made against him by women claiming he sexually 
abused them, and one of Epstein's sexual assault victims also alleged that Copperfield had touched her 
EFTA00729936
--- PAGE 28 ---
in an improper sexual way while she was at Epstein's house. Mr. Copperfield likely has relevant 
information and deposition was reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence. 
See Edwards Affidavit, Exhibit "N" at 117. 
75. 
Epstein also takes issue with Edwards identifying Bill Richardson as a possible witness. 
Richardson was properly identified as a possible witness because Epstein's personal pilot testified to 
Richardson joining Epstein at Epstein's New Mexico Ranch. There was information indicating that 
Epstein had young girls at his ranch which, given the circumstances of the case, raised the reasonable 
inference he was sexually abusing these girls as he had abused girls in West Palm Beach and 
elsewhere. Richardson had also returned campaign donations that were given to him by Epstein, 
indicating that he believed that there was something about Epstein with which he did not want to be 
associated. Richardson was not called to testify nor was he ever subpoenaed to testify. See Edwards 
Affidavit, Exhibit "N" at 118. 
76. 
Edwards learned of allegations that Epstein engaged in sexual abuse of minors on his 
private aircraft See Jane Doe 102 Complaint, Exhibit "B." Accordingly, Edwards pursued discovery 
to confum these allegations. 
77. 
Discovery of the pilot and flight logs was proper in the cases brought by Edwards 
against Epstein. Jane Doe filed a federal RICO claim against Epstein that was an active claim through 
much of the litigation. The RICO claim alleged that Epstein ran an expansive criminal enterprise that 
involved and depended upon his plane travel. Although Judge Marra dismissed the RICO claim at 
some point in the federal litigation, the legal team representing Edwards' clients intended to pursue an 
appeal of that dismissal. Moreover, all of the subjects mentioned in the RICO claim remained relevant 
to other aspects of Jane Doe's claims against Epstein, including in particular her claim for punitive 
damages. See Edwards Affidavit, Exhibit "N" at 119. 
EFTA00729937
--- PAGE 29 ---
78. 
Discovery of the pilot and flight logs was also proper in the cases brought by Edwards 
against Epstein because of the need to obtain evidence of a federal nexus. Edwards's client Jane 
Doe was proceeding to trial on a federal claim under 18 U.S.C. § 2255. Section 2255 is a federal 
statute which (unlike relevant state statutes) established a minimum level of recovery for victims of the 
violation of its provisions. Proceeding under the statute, however, required a "federal nexus" to the 
sexual assaults. Jane Doe had two grounds on which to argue that such a nexus existed to her abuse by 
Epstein: first, his use of telephone to arrange for girls to be abused; and, second, his travel on planes in 
interstate commerce. During the course of the litigation, Edwards anticipated that Epstein would argue 
that Jane Doe's proof of the federal nexus was inadequate. These fears were realized when Epstein 
filed a summary judgment motion raising this argument. In response, the other attorneys and Edwards 
representing Jane Doe used the flight log evidence to respond to Epstein's summary judgment motion, 
explaining that the flight logs demonstrated that Epstein had traveled in interstate commerce for the 
purpose of facilitating his sexual assaults. Because Epstein chose to settle the case before trial, Judge 
Marra did not rule on the summary judgment motion. 
79. 
Edwards had further reason to believe and did in fact believe that the pilot and flight 
logs might contain relevant evidence for the cases against Epstein. Jane Doe No. IO2's complaint 
outlined Epstein's daily sexual exploitation and abuse of underage minors as young as 12 years old and 
alleged that Epstein's plane was used to transport underage females to be sexually abused by him and 
his friends. The flight logs accordingly were a potential source of information about either additional 
girls who were victims of Epstein's abuse or friends of Epstein who may have witnessed or even 
participated in the abuse. Based on this information, Edwards reasonably pursued the flight logs in 
discovery. 
80. 
In the fall of 2009, Epstein gave a recorded interview to George Rush, a reporter with 
EFTA00729938
--- PAGE 30 ---
the New York Daily News about pending legal proceedings. In that interview, Epstein demonstrated an 
utter lack of remorse for his crimes (but indirectly admitted his crimes) by stating: 
• 
People do not like it when people make good and that was one reason he (Epstein) was 
being targeted by civil suits filed by young girls in Florida; 
• 
He (Epstein) had done nothing wrong; 
• 
He (Epstein) had gone to jail in Florida for soliciting prostitution for no reason; 
• 
If the same thing (i.e., sexual abuse of minor girls) had happened in New York, he 
(Epstein) would have received only a $200 fine; 
• 
Bradley J. Edwards was the one causing all of Epstein's problems (i.e., the civil suits 
brought by Jane Doe and other girls); 
• 
came to him as a prostitute and a drug user (i.e., came to Epstein for sex, rather 
than Epstein pursuing her); 
• 
All the girls suing him are only trying to get a meal ticket; 
• 
The only thing he might have done wrong was to maybe cross the line a little too 
closely; 
• 
He (Epstein) was very upset that Edwards had subpoenaed Ghisline Maxwell, that she 
was a good person that did nothing wrong (i.e., had done nothing wrong even though 
she helped procure young girls to satisfy Epstein's sexual desires); 
• 
With regard to Jane Doe 102 v. Epstein, which involved an allegation that Epstein had 
repeatedly sexually abused a 15-year-old girl, forced her to have sex with his friends, 
and flew her on his private plane nationally and internationally for the purposes of 
sexually molesting and abusing her, he (Epstein) flippantly said that the case was 
dismissed, indicating that the allegations were ridiculous and untrue. 
See Affidavit of Michael J. Fisten attached hereto as Exhibit "QQ." 
81. 
The Rush interview also demonstrated perjury (a federal crime) on the part of Epstein. 
Epstein lied about not knowing George Rush. See Epstein Deposition, February 17, 2010, taken in 
al 
v. Jeffrey Epstein, case 50-2008-CA-028051, page 154, line 4 through 155 line 9, (Deposition 
attachment #7), wherein Jeffrey Epstein clearly impresses that he does not recognize George Rush 
from the New York Daily News. This impression was given despite the fact that he gave a lengthy 
EFTA00729939
--- PAGE 31 ---
personal interview about details of the case that was tape recorded with George Rush. 
Epstein's Harassment of Witnesses Against Him 
82. 
At all relevant times Edwards has a good faith basis to believe and did in fact believe 
that Epstein engaged in threatening witnesses. See Incident Report, Exhibit "A" at p. 82, U.S. 
Attorney's Correspondence, Exhibit "C" - Indictments drafted by Federal Government against Epstein; 
and Edwards Affidavit, Exhibit "N" at 
83. 
Despite three no contact orders entered against Epstein (see Exhibit C, supra), Edwards 
learned that Epstein continued to harass his victims. For example, Jane Doe had a trial set for her civil 
case against him on July 19, 2010. As that trial date approached, defendant Epstein intimidated her in 
violation of the judicial no-contact orders. On July 1, 2010, he had a "private investigator" tail Jane 
Doe — following her every move, stopping when she stopped, driving when she drove, refusing to pass 
when she pulled over. When Jane Doe ultimately drove to her home, the "private investigator" then 
parked in his car approximately 25 feet from Jane Doe house and flashed his high beam lights 
intermittently into the home. Even more threateningly, at about 10:30 p.m., when Jane Doe fled her 
home in the company of a retired police officer employed by Jane Doe's counsel, the "private 
investigator" attempted to follow Jane Doe despite a request not to do so. The retired officer 
successfully took evasive action and placed Jane Doe in a secure, undisclosed location that night. 
Other harassing actions against Jane Doe also followed. See Motion for Contempt filed by Edwards in 
Jane Doe v. Epstein detailing the event, including Fisten Affidavit attached to Motion, Composite 
Exhibit "RR." 
Epstein Settlement of Civil Claims Against Him for Sexual Abuse of Children 
84. 
The civil cases Edwards filed against Epstein on behalf of a., ■1, and Jane Doe 
were reasonably perceived by Edwards to be very strong cases. 
Because Epstein had sexually 
EFTA00729940
--- PAGE 32 ---
assaulted these girls, he had committed several serious torts against them and would be liable to them 
for appropriate damages. See Preceding Undisputed Facts. Because of the outrageousness of Epstein's 
sexual abuse of minor girls, Edwards reasonably expected that Epstein would also be liable for 
punitive damages to the girls. Because Edwards could show that Epstein had molested children for 
years and designed a complex premeditated scheme to procure different minors everyday to satisfy his 
addiction to sex with minors, the punitive damages would have to be sufficient to deter him from this 
illegal conduct that he had engaged in daily for years. Epstein was and is a billionaire. See Complaint, 
¶49 (referring to "Palm Beach Billionaire"); see also Epstein Deposition, February 17, 2010, at 172-
176 (Deposition Attachment #7) (taking the Fifth when asked whether he is a billionaire). 
Accordingly, Edwards reasonably believed the punitive damages that would have to be awarded 
against Epstein would have been substantial enough to punish him severely enough for his past 
conduct as well as deter him from repeating his offenses in the future. See Edwards Affidavit, Exhibit 
"N" at ¶19. 
85. 
On July 6, 2010, rather than face trial for the civil suits that had been filed against him 
by it, 0, 
and Jane Doe, defendant Epstein settled the cases against him. The terms of the 
settlement are confidential. The settlement amounts are highly probative in the instant action as 
Epstein bases his claims that Edwards was involved in the Ponzi scheme on Epstein's inability to settle 
the la, 
, and Jane Doe cases for "minimal value". His continued inability to settle the claims 
for "minimal value" after the Ponzi scheme was uncovered would be highly probative in discrediting 
any causal relationship between the Ponzi scheme and Edwards's settlement negotiations. See Edwards 
Affidavit, Exhibit "N" at ¶21. 
Edwards Non-Involvement in Fraud by Scott Rothstein 
86. 
From in or about 2005, through in or about November 2009, Scott Rothstein appears to 
EFTA00729941
--- PAGE 33 ---
have run a giant Ponzi scheme at his law firm of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt and Adler P.A. ("RRA"). This 
Ponzi scheme involved Rothstein falsely informing investors that settlement agreements had been 
reached with putative defendants based upon claims of sexual harassment and/or whistle-blower 
actions. 
Rothstein falsely informed the investors that the potential settlement agreements were 
available for purchase. Plea Agreement at 2, United States v. Scott W. Rothstein, No. 9-60331-CR-
COHN (S.D. Fla. Jan. 27, 2010) attached hereto as Exhibit "SS." 
87. 
It has been alleged that among other cases that Rothstein used to lure investors into his 
Ponzi scheme were the cases against Epstein that were being handled by Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
Edwards had no knowledge of the fraud or any such use of the Epstein cases. See Edwards Affidavit, 
Exhibit "N" at ¶9. 
88. 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq., joined RRA in about April 2009 and left RRA in November 
2009 — a period of less than one year. Edwards would not have joined RRA had he been aware that 
Scott Rothstein was running a giant Ponzi scheme at the firm. Edwards left RRA shortly after learning 
of Rothstein's fraudulent scheme. Id. at ¶8. 
89. 
At no time prior to the public disclosure of Rothstein's Ponzi scheme did Edwards 
know or have reason to believe that Rothstein was using legitimate claims that Edwards was 
prosecuting against Epstein for any fraudulent or otherwise illegitimate purpose. Id. at ¶20. 
90. 
Edwards never substantively discussed the merits of any of his three cases against 
Epstein with Rothstein. See Deposition of Bradley J. Edwards taken March 23, 2010, at 110-16. 
(hereinafter "Edwards Depo") (Deposition Attachment #22). 
91. 
On July 20, 2010, Bradley Edwards received a letter from the U.S. Attorney's Office for 
the Southern District of Florida — the office responsible for prosecuting Rothstein's Ponzi scheme. The 
letter indicated that law enforcement agencies had determined that Edwards was "a victim (or potential 
EFTA00729942
--- PAGE 34 ---
victim)" of Scott Rothstein's federal crimes. The letter informed Edwards of his rights as a victim of 
Rothstein's fraud and promised to keep Edwards informed about subsequent developments in 
Rothstein's prosecution. See Letter attached hereto as Exhibit "17." 
92. 
Jeffrey Epstein filed a complaint with the Florida Bar against Bradley Edwards, Esq., 
raising allegations that Edwards and others were involved in the wrongdoing of Scott Rothstein. After 
investigating the claim, the Florida Bar dismissed this complaint. See Edwards Affidavit, Exhibit "N" 
at ¶23. 
Epstein Takes the Fifth When Asked Substantive Questions About His Claims Against Edwards 
93. 
On March 17, 2010, defendant Epstein was deposed about his lawsuit against Edwards. 
Rather than answer substantive questions about his lawsuit, Epstein repeatedly invoked his Fifth 
Amendment privilege. See Epstein Depo. taken 3/17/10, Deposition Attachment #1. 
94. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Specifically 
what are the allegations against you which you contend Mr. Edwards ginned up?" Id. at 34. 
95. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than name people in California that 
Edwards had tried to depose to increase the settlement value of the civil suit he was handling. Id. at 
37. 
96. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Do you know 
former President Clinton personally." Id. 
97. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Are you now 
telling us that there were claims against you that were fabricated by Mr. Edwards?" Id. at 39. 
98. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question, "Well, which 
of Mr. Edwards' cases do you contend were fabricated." Id. 
99. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "What is the 
EFTA00729943
--- PAGE 35 ---
actual value that you contend the claim of a against you has?" Id at 45. 
100. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer a question about the actual 
value of the claim of al 
and Jane Doe against him. Id 
101. 
In his deposition, taken prior to the settlement of Edwards's clients claims against 
Epstein, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Is there any pending claim against you 
which you contend is fabricated?" Id at 71. 
102. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Did you ever 
have damaging evidence in your garbage?" Id. at 74. 
103. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Did sexual 
assaults ever take place on a private airplane on which you were a passenger?" Id at 88. 
104. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Does a flight 
log kept for a private jet used by you contain the names of celebrities, dignitaries or international 
figures?" Id at 89. 
105. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Have you 
ever socialized with Donald Trump in the presence of females under the age of 18?" Id. at 89. 
106. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Have you 
ever socialized with Alan Dershowitz in the presence of females under the age of 18." Id. at 90. 
107. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Have you 
ever socialized with Mr. Mottola in the presence of females under the age of 18?" Id at 91-92. 
108. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Did you ever 
socialize with David Copperfield in the presence of females under the age of 18?" Id at 
109. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Have you 
ever socialized with Mr. Richardson [Governor of New Mexico and formerly U.S. Representative and 
EFTA00729944
--- PAGE 36 ---
Ambassador to the United Nations] in the presence of females under the age of 18." Id. at 94. 
110. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Have you 
ever sexually abused children?" Id at 95. 
111. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Did you have 
staff members that assisted you in scheduling appointments with underage females; that is, females 
under the age of 18." Id at 97-98. 
112. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "On how many 
occasions did you solicit prostitution." Id. at 102. 
113. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "How many 
minors have you procured for prostitution?" Id at 104. 
114. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Have you 
ever coerced, induced or enticed any minor to engage in any sexual act with you?" Id. at 107. 
115. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "How many 
times have you engaged in fondling underage females?" Id. at 108. 
116. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "How many 
times have you engaged in oral sex with females under the age of 18?" Id at 110. 
117. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Do you have a 
personal sexual preference for children?" Id at 111-12. 
118. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Your 
Complaint at page 27, paragraph 49, says that `ItRA and the litigation team took an emotionally driven 
set of facts involving alleged innocent, unsuspecting, underage females and a Palm Beach billionaire, 
and sought to turn it into a goldmine,' end of quote. Who is the Palm Beach billionaire referred to in 
that sentence'?" Id at 112-13. 
EFTA00729945
--- PAGE 37 ---
119. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Who are the 
people who are authorized to make payment [to your lawyers] on your behalf?" Id. at 120. 
120. 
In his deposition, Epstein took the Fifth rather than answer the question: "Is there 
anything in W's Complaint that was filed against you in September of 2008 which you contend to 
be false?" Id. at 128. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on September da its,b2010 a copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and email transmittal to all those on the attached service list. 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denney, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
(561) 68 
By: 
561 
OL 
Flori 
No.: 169440 
EFTA00729946
--- PAGE 38 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Christopher E. Knight, Esq. 
Joseph L. Ackerman, Esq. 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. 
901 Phillips Point West 
777 South Flagler Drive 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger et al. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Marc S. Nurik, Esq. 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Gary M. Farmer, Jr. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
EFTA00729947

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729948.pdf
----------------------------------------
MNFRT PAI M RPACH OFFICP 
2139 PALM BEACH LAKES BLVD. 
WEST PALM BEACH FLORIDA 33409 
P.O. BOX 362e 
WEST PALM BEACH. FLORIDA 33402 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
ROSNYN SIA BAKER BANES 
'F. GREGORY BARNUM 
T. HARDEE SASS. B 
LAURIE I BRIGGS 
BRIAN R. DENSE? 
•cma. L. te116?..111, 
BREHM S. Mali 
JAISESW. GUSTAFSON, JR. 
JACIC P. HILL 
CAM IC KEU-EY. JR. 
WILLIAM SKIM' 
'DARRYL L. LEWIS' 
•WILUAN &NORTON 
nuserAce.amitm,
EDWARD v. RILL 
'DAVID A SALES.
'EOM SCAROLA 
•CIENSTIAN O. SEARCY 
WNW A-SHIPLEY N 
CHRISTOPRIER K. SPEED" 
OMAN P. BULLNAN2C
KAREN E.TERWI 
'C.CALVIN WARMER III 
SHAREHOWERS 
'ROMP CURT NED 
2152292017.12 
KENTUCKY 
wAra 
UARYLAND 
• MASSACMSOTS 
IAISSISSPR 
FI£W HAMPSHIRE 
'NEW JERSEY 
YOCUM 
WASHINGTON OC 
PNIALEGALS. 
MAN AWEETEJEDA 
ALYSSA A. DEDHAM° 
RANDY 1/DUFRESNE 
CAVE WOE/JOIE 
EOM C. HOPKINS 
DEBORAH U. KNAPP 
VINCENT L LEMARCI..R 
JAMS PETER LOVE 
CHRISTCRMI J. PLUTO 
ACCEPT W. PITCHER 
RAM P.PORGY 
KATHLEEN. SWAN 
STEVE a SAM 
BONATE S. SOAK 
WALTER A STEM 
October 20, 2010 
SEARCY 
DENNEY 
SCAROLA 
BARNHART 
al OLT -
Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr., Esquire 
Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
901 Phillips Point West 
777 S Flagler Drive 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-6170 
Re: 
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Our File No.: 291874 
Dear Mr. Ackerman: 
Oym LANASSFF (*FICA. 
THE TOWLE HOUSE 
517 NORTH CALHOUN STREET 
TALLAHASSEE. R.32931.1231 
P.O. BEN 1230 
TALLAHASSEE FLORIDA 32302 
By this letter, you and your clients are hereby given notice not to destroy, conceal or 
alter any paper or electronic files and other data generated by and/or stored on your 
clients' computers and storage media (e.g., hard disks, floppy disks, backup tapes), or 
any other electronic data, such as voice mail. As you know, your clients' failure to 
comply with this notice can result in severe sanctions being imposed by the Court and 
liability in tort for spoliation of evidence or potential evidence. 
Through discovery we expect to obtain from you a number of documents and things, 
including files stored on your clients' computers and your clients' computer storage 
media. 
In order to avoid spoliation, you must be prepared to provide the data 
requested on the original media. Do not reuse any media on which potentially relevant 
data is presently stored. 
Although we may bring a motion for an order preserving documents and things from 
destruction or alteration, your clients' obligation to preserve documents and things for 
discovery in this case arises in law and equity independently from any order on such 
motion. 
Electronic documents and the storage media on which they reside contain relevant, 
discoverable information beyond that which may be found in printed documents. 
Therefore, even where a paper copy exists, we may seek all documents in their 
electronic form along with information about those documents contained on the 
media. We also may seek paper printouts of only those documents that contain unique 
asEVisia. 
WWW.SEARCYLAWCOM 
EFTA00729948
--- PAGE 2 ---
Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr., Esq. 
Edwards adv. Epstein 
October 20, 2010 
Page 2 
information after they were printed out (such as paper documents containing 
handwriting, signatures, marginalia, drawings, annotations, highlighting and 
redactions) along with any paper documents for which no corresponding electronic 
files exist. 
Our discovery requests may ask for certain data on the hard disks, floppy disks and 
backup media used in your clients' computers, some of which data are not readily 
available to an ordinary computer user, such as "deleted" files and "file fragments." 
As you may know, although a user may "erase" or "delete" a file, all that is really 
erased is a reference to that file in a table on the hard disk; unless overwritten with 
new data, a "deleted" file can be as intact on the disk as any "active" file you would 
see in a directory listing. 
Accordingly, electronic data and storage media that may be subject to our discovery 
requests and that your clients are obligated to maintain and not alter or destroy, 
include but are not limited to the following: 
Description of files and file types subject to discovery: 
1. 
All digital or analog electronic files, including "deleted" files and file 
fragments, stored in machine-readable format on magnetic, optical or other storage 
media, including the hard drives or floppy disks used by your clients' computers and 
their backup media (e.g., other hard drives, backup tapes, floppies, Jaz cartridges, CD-
ROMs) or otherwise, whether such files have been reduced to paper printouts or not. 
More specifically, your clients are to preserve all of your e-mails, both sent and 
received, whether internally or externally; all word-processed files, including drafts 
and revisions; all spreadsheets, including drafts and revisions; all databases; all CAD 
(computer-aided design) files, including drafts and revisions; all presentation data or 
slide shows produced by presentation software (such as Microsoft PowerPoint); all 
graphs, charts and other data produced by project management software (such as 
Microsoft Project); all data generated by calendaring, task management and personal 
information management (PIM) software (such as Microsoft Outlook or Lotus Notes); 
all data created with the use of personal data assistants (PDAs), such as PahnPilot, HP 
Jornada, Cassiopeia or other Windows CE-based or Pocket PC devices; all data 
created with the use of document management software; all data created with the use 
of paper and electronic mail logging and routing software; all Internet and Web-
browser-generated history files, caches and "cookies" files generated at the 
workstation of each employee and/or agent in your client's clients' employ and on any 
and all backup storage media; and any and all other files generated by users through 
the use of computers and/or telecommunications, including but not limited to voice 
EFTA00729949
--- PAGE 3 ---
Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr., Esq. 
Edwards adv. Epstein 
October 20, 2010 
Page 3 
mail. Further, you are to preserve any log or logs of network use by employees or 
otherwise, whether kept in paper or electronic form, and to preserve all copies of your 
backup tapes and the software necessary to reconstruct the data on those tapes, so that 
there can be made a complete, bit-by-bit "mirror" evidentiary image copy of the 
storage media of each and every personal computer (and/or workstation) and network 
server in your control and custody, as well as image copies of all hard drives retained 
by you and no longer in service. 
Your clients are also not to pack, compress, purge or otherwise dispose of files and 
parts of files unless a true and correct copy of such files is made. 
Your clients are also to preserve and not destroy all passwords, decryption procedures 
(including, if necessary, the software to decrypt the files); network access codes, ID 
names, manuals, tutorials, written instructions, decompression or reconstruction 
software, and any and all other information and things necessary to access, view and 
(if necessary) reconstruct the electronic data we are requesting through discovery. 
2. 
Online Data Storage on Mainframes and Minicomputers: With regard to 
online storage and/or direct access storage devices attached to your clients' mainframe 
computers and/or minicomputers: they are not to modify or delete any electronic data 
files, "deleted" files and file fragments existing at the time of this letter's delivery, 
which meet the definitions set forth in this letter, unless a true and correct copy of each 
such electronic data file has been made and steps have been taken to assure that such a 
copy will be preserved and accessible for purposes of this litigation. 
3. 
Offline Data Storage, Backups and Archives, Floppy Diskettes, Tapes and 
Other Removable Electronic Media: With regard to all electronic media used for 
offline storage, including magnetic tapes and cartridges and other media that, at the 
time of this letter's delivery, contained any electronic data meeting the criteria listed in 
paragraph 1 above: Your clients are to stop any activity that may result in the loss of 
such electronic data, including rotation, destruction, overwriting and/or erasure of such 
media in whole or in part. This request is intended to cover all removable electronic 
media used for data storage in connection with their computer systems, including 
magnetic tapes and cartridges, magneto-optical disks, floppy diskettes and all other 
media, whether used with personal computers, minicomputers or mainframes or other 
computers, and whether containing backup and/or archive data sets and other 
electronic data, for all of their computer systems. 
4. 
Replacement of Data Storage Devices: Your clients are not to dispose of any 
electronic data storage devices and/or media that may be replaced due to failure and/or 
dasa3s,ta 
EFTA00729950
--- PAGE 4 ---
Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr., Esq. 
Edwards adv. Epstein 
October 20, 2010 
Page 4 
upgrade and/or other reasons that may contain electronic data meeting the criteria 
listed in paragraph 1 above. 
5. 
Fixed Drives on Stand-Alone Personal Computers and Network 
Workstations: With regard to electronic data meeting the criteria listed in paragraph 1 
above, which existed on fixed drives attached to stand-alone microcomputers and/or 
network workstations at the time of this letter's delivery: Your clients are not to alter 
or erase such electronic data, and not to perform other procedures (such as data 
compression and disk de-fragmentation or optimization routines) that may impact such 
data, unless a true and correct copy has been made of such active files and of 
completely restored versions of such deleted electronic files and file fragments, copies 
have been made of all directory listings (including hidden files) for all directories and 
subdirectories containing such files, and arrangements have been made to preserve 
copies during the pendency of this litigation. 
6. 
Programs and Utilities: Your clients are to preserve copies of all application 
programs and utilities, which may be used to process electronic data covered by this 
letter. 
7. 
Log of System Modifications: Your clients are to maintain an activity log to 
document modifications made to any electronic data processing system that may affect 
the system's capability to process any electronic data meeting the criteria listed in 
paragraph 1 above, regardless of whether such modifications were made by 
employees, contractors, vendors and/or any other third parties. 
8. 
Personal Computers Used by Your Employees and/or Their Secretaries 
and Assistants: The following steps should immediately be taken in regard to all 
personal computers used by your clients' employees and/or their secretaries and 
assistants. 
a. 
As to fixed drives attached to such computers: (i) a true and correct 
copy is to be made of all electronic data on such fixed drives relating to 
this matter, including all active files and completely restored versions 
of all deleted electronic files and file fragments; (ii) full directory 
listings (including hidden files) for all directories and subdirectories 
(including hidden directories) on such fixed drives should be written; 
and (iii) such copies and listings are to be preserved until this matter 
reaches its final resolution. 
EFTA00729951
--- PAGE 5 ---
Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr., Esq. 
Edwards adv. Epstein 
October 20, 2010 
Page 5 
b. 
All floppy diskettes, magnetic tapes and cartridges, and other media 
used in connection with such computers prior to the date of delivery of 
this letter containing any electronic data relating to this matter are to be 
collected and put into storage for the duration of this lawsuit. 
9. 
Evidence Created Subsequent to This Letter: With regard to electronic data 
created subsequent to the date of delivery of this letter, relevant evidence is not be 
destroyed and your clients are to take whatever steps are appropriate to avoid 
destruction of evidence. 
In order to assure that you and your clients' obligation to preserve documents and 
things will be met, please forward a copy of this letter to all persons and entities with 
custodial responsibility for the items referred to in this letter. 
ea TO etaa, 
EFTA00729952

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729953.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729953.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Case No.: 50 2009 CA 0408003OOOCMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants, 
DEFENDANT BRADLEY J. EDWARDS'S MOTION FOR FINAL SUMMARY JUDGMENT 
Defendant, Bradley J. Edwards, Esq., by and through his undersigned counsel and pursuant to 
Rule 1.510, Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, hereby moves for Final Summary Judgment and in 
support thereof states as follows: 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
The pleadings and discovery taken to date show that there is no genuine issue as to any material 
facts and that Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. is entitled to summary judgment for all claims brought against 
him in Plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein's Complaint. Not only is there an absence of competent evidence to 
demonstrate that Edwards participated in any fraud against Epstein, the evidence uncontrovertibly 
demonstrates the propriety of every aspect of Edwards' involvement in the prosecution of legitimate 
claims against Epstein. Epstein sexually abused three clients of Edwards — L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe 
— and Edwards properly and successfully represented them in a civil action against Epstein. Nothing in 
Edwards's capable and competent representation of his clients can serve as the basis for a civil lawsuit 
EFTA00729953
--- PAGE 2 ---
against him. Allegations about Edwards's participation in or knowledge of the use of the civil actions 
against Epstein in a "Ponzi Scheme" are not supported by any competent evidence and could never be 
supported by competent evidence as they are entirely false. 
A. 
Epstein's Complaint 
Epstein's Complaint essentially alleges that Epstein was defrauded by Edwards, acting in 
concert with L.M. (a minor female who was sexually abused by Epstein) and Scott Rothstein 
(President of the Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler law firm ("RRA") where Edwards worked for a short 
period of time). Epstein appears to allege that Edwards joined L.M. and Rothstein in fabricating 
sexual assault cases against Epstein to "pump" the cases to Ponzi scheme investors. As described by 
Epstein, investor victims were told by Rothstein that three minor girls who were sexually assaulted by 
Epstein: L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe were to be paid up-front money to prevent those girls from settling 
their civil cases against Epstein. In Epstein's view, these child sexual assault cases had "minimal 
value" (Complaint & 42(h)), and Edwards's refusal to force his clients to accept modest settlement 
offers is claimed to breach some duty that Edwards owed to Epstein. Interestingly, Epstein never 
states that he actually made any settlement offers. 
The supposed "proof" of the Complaint's allegations against Edwards includes Edwards's 
alleged contacts with the media, his attempts to obtain discovery from high-profile persons with whom 
Epstein socialized, and use of "ridiculously inflammatory" language in arguments in court (Complaint 
& 42(e)). Remarkably, Epstein has filed such allegations against Edwards despite the fact that Epstein 
had sexually abused each of Edwards's clients and others while they were minors. Indeed, in recent 
discovery Epstein has asserted his Fifth Amendment privilege rather than answer questions about the 
extent of the sexual abuse of his many victims. Even more remarkably, since filing his suit against 
EFTA00729954
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards, Epstein has now settled the three cases Edwards handled for an amount that Epstein insisted 
be kept confidential. Without violating the strict confidentiality terms required by Epstein, the cases 
did not settle for the "minimal value" that Epstein suggested in his Complaint. Because Epstein relies 
upon the alleged discrepancy between the "minimal value" Epstein ascribed to the claims and the 
substantial value Edwards sought to recover for his clients, the settlement amounts Epstein voluntarily 
agreed to pay while these claims against Edwards were pending will be disclosed to the court in-
camera. 
B. Summary of the Argument 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq., is entitled to summary judgment on all of Epstein's frivolous claims 
for at least two separate reasons. 
First, because Epstein has elected to hide behind the shield of his right against self 
incrimination to preclude his disclosing ≥lam relevant information about the criminal activity at the 
center of his claims, he is barred from prosecuting this case against Edwards. 
Under the well-
established "sword and shield" doctrine, Epstein cannot seek damages from Edwards while at the same 
time asserting a Fifth Amendment privilege to block relevant discovery. His case must therefore be 
dismissed. 
Second and most fundamentally, Epstein's lawsuit should be dismissed because it is not only 
unsupported by but is also directly contradicted by all of the record evidence. From the beginning, 
Edwards diligently represented three victims of sexual assaults perpetrated by Epstein. As explained 
in detail below, each and every one of Edwards's litigation decisions was grounded in proper litigation 
judgment about the need to pursue effective discovery against Epstein, particularly in the face of 
Epstein's stonewalling tactics. Edwards's successful representation finally forced Epstein to settle and 
EFTA00729955
--- PAGE 4 ---
pay appropriate damages. 
Effective and proper representation of child victims who have been 
repeatedly sexually assaulted cannot form the basis of a separate, "satellite" lawsuit, and therefore 
Edwards is entitled to summary judgment on these grounds as well. 
The truth is the record is entirely devoid of any evidence to support Epstein's claims and is 
completely and consistently corroborative of Edwards's sworn assertion of innocence. Put simply, 
Epstein has made allegations that have no basis in fact. To the contrary, his lawsuit was merely a 
desperate measure by a serial pedophile to prevent being held accountable for repeatedly sexually 
abusing minor females. Epstein's ulterior motives in filing and prosecuting this lawsuit are blatantly 
obvious. Epstein's behavior is another clear demonstration that he feels he lives above the law and that 
because of his wealth he can manipulate the system and pay for lawyers to do his dirty work - even to 
the extent of having them assert baseless claims against other members of the Florida Bar. Epstein's 
Complaint against Edwards and LM is nothing short of a far-fetched fictional fairy-tale with absolutely 
no evidence whatsoever to support his preposterous claims. It was his last ditch effort to escape the 
public disclosure by Edwards and his clients of the nature, extent, and sordid details of his life as a 
serial child molester. 
Edwards's Motion for Summary Judgment should be granted without 
equivocation. 
ARGUMENT 
II. 
EDWARDS IS ENTITLED TO SUMMARY JUDGMENT ON ALL OF EPSTEIN'S 
CLAIMS BECAUSE THERE ARE NO MATERIAL DISPUTED FACTS AND THE 
UNDISPUTED FACTS ESTABLISH THAT EDWARDS'S CONDUCT COULD NOT 
POSSIBLY FORM THE BASIS OF ANY LIABILITY IN FAVOR OF EPSTEIN 
A. The Summary Judgment Standard. 
Rule 1.510(c), Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, provides that a court may enter summary 
judgment when the pleadings, depositions and factual showings reveal that there is no genuine issue of 
EFTA00729956
--- PAGE 5 ---
material fact and that the moving party is entitled to judgment as a matter of law. See Snyder v. 
Cheezem Development Corp., 373 So. 2d 719, 720 (Fla. 2d DCA 1979); Rule 1.510(c), Fla. R. Civ. P. 
Once the moving party conclusively establishes that the nonmoving party cannot prevail, it is 
incumbent on the nonmoving party to submit evidence to rebut the motion for summary judgment. See 
Hall v. Talcott, 191 So. 2d 40, 43 (Fla. 1966). It is not enough for the opposing party merely to assert 
that an issue of fact does exist. Fisel v. Wynns, 667 So.2d 761, 764 (Fla.1996); Landers v. Milton, 370 
So.2d 368, 370 (F1a.1979) (same). 
Moreover, it is well-recognized that the non-moving party faced with a summary judgment 
motion supported by appropriate proof may not rely on bare, conclusory assertions found in the 
pleadings to create an issue and thus avoid summary judgment. Instead, the party must produce 
counter-evidence establishing a genuine issue of material fact. See Bryant v. Shands Teaching Hospital 
and Clinics, Inc., 479 So.2d 165, 168 (Fla. 1st Dist. Ct. App. 1985); see also Lanzner v. City of North 
Miami Beach, 141 So.2d 626 (Fla. 3d Dist Ct. App. 1962) (recognizing that mere contrary allegations 
of complaint were not sufficient to preclude summary judgment on basis of facts established without 
dispute). Where the nonmoving party fails to present evidence rebutting the motion for summary 
judgment and there is no genuine issue of material fact, then entry of judgment is proper as a matter of 
law. See Davis v. Hathaway, 408 So. 2d 688, 689 (Fla. 2d Dist. Ct. App. 1982); see also Holl, 191 So. 
2d at 43. 
B. Epstein's Claims Regarding Edwards Have Absolutely No Factual Basis. 
EFTA00729957
--- PAGE 6 ---
This is not a complicated case for granting summary judgment. To the contrary, this is a 
simple case for summary judgment because each and every one of Epstein's claims against Edwards 
lacks any merit whatsoever.' 
1. 
Edwards is Entitled to Summary Judgment on All Claims Regarding 
Rothstein's "Ponzi Scheme" Because lle Was Simply Not Involved in any 
Such Scheme. 
a. Edwards Had No Involvement in the Ponzi Scheme. 
The bulk of Epstein's claims against Edwards hinge on the premise that Edwards was involved 
in a Ponzi scheme run by Scott Rothstein. For example, Epstein alleges generally that "Edwards's... 
actions constitute a fraud upon Epstein as [Rothstein, Rosenfeldt, and Adler], [Scott] Rothstein and the 
Litigation Team represented themselves to be acting in good faith and with the best interests of their 
clients in mind at all times when in reality, [Edwards was] . . . acting in furtherance of the investment 
or Ponzi scheme described herein." Complaint ¶50. Similar broad allegations are scattered willy-nilly 
throughout the complaint, although none of the allegations provide any substance as to how Edwards 
might have assisted the Ponzi scheme. See, e.g., id.. at ¶y 23, 24, 5, 27, 28, 42, 50. In any event, these 
allegations all fail for one straightforward reason: Edwards was simply not involved in any Ponzi 
scheme, he has provided sworn testimony and an affidavit in support of that assertion, and there is not 
(and could never be) any contrary evidence. 
Edwards has now been deposed at length in this case. As his deposition makes crystal clear, he 
had no knowledge of any fraudulent activity in which Scott Rothstein may have been involved. See, 
e.g., Edwards Depo. at 301-02 (Q: " . . [W]ere you aware that Scott Rothstein was trying to market 
Epstein cases . . ?" A: "No."). 
A decision by the Court to grant summary judgment on Epstein's claims against Edwards would not affect Epstein's 
claims against Scott Rothstein. Epstein has already chosen to dismiss all of his claims against L.M., the only other 
defendant named in the suit 
EFTA00729958
--- PAGE 7 ---
Edwards has supplemented his deposition answers with an Affidavit that declares in no 
uncertain terms his lack of involvement in any fraud perpetrated by Rothstein. See, e.g., Edwards 
Affidavit attached to Statement of Undisputed Material Facts as Exhibit "N" at ¶8-10, ¶20, ¶22-23. 
Indeed, no reasonable juror could find that Edwards was involved in the scheme, as Edwards joined 
RRA well after Rothstein began his fraud and would have been already deeply in debt. In fact, the 
evidence of Epstein's crimes is now clear, and Edwards's actions in this case were entirely in keeping 
with his obligation to provide the highest possible quality of legal representation for his clients to 
obtain the best result possible. 
In view of this clear evidence rebutting all allegations against him, Epstein must now "produce 
counter-evidence establishing a genuine issue of material fact." See Bryant v. Shands Teaching 
Hospital and Clinics, Inc., 479 So.2d 165, 168 (Fla. 1st Dist. Ct. App. 1985). Epstein cannot do this. 
Indeed, when asked at his deposition whether he had any evidence of Edwards's involvement, Epstein 
declined to answer, purportedly on attorney-client privilege grounds: 
Q. I want to know whether you have any knowledge of evidence that Bradley Edwards 
personally ever participated in devising a plan through which were sold purported 
confidential assignments of a structured payout settlement? . .. 
A. I'd like to answer that question by saying that the newspapers have reported that his 
firm was engaged in fraudulent structured settlements in order to fleece unsuspecting 
Florida investors. With respect to my personal knowledge, I'm unfortunately going to, 
today, but I look forward to at some point being able to disclose it, today I'm going to 
have to assert the attorney/client privilege. 
See Deposition of Jeffrey Epstein, Mar. 17, 2010 (hereinafter "Epstein Depo.") at 67-68. Therefore 
summary judgment should be granted for Edwards on all claims involving any Ponzi scheme by 
Rothstein. 
b. 
Epstein Did Not Suffer Any Harm from Allegedly Fraudulent Presentations 
to Investors. 
EFTA00729959
--- PAGE 8 ---
At various points in his Complaint, Epstein seems to be alleging that he can pursue a claim 
against Edwards because Rothstein defrauded third-party investors. Epstein alleges that various 
investors were given fraudulent pitches by Rothstein and were bilked out of money as a result. See, 
e.g., Complaint ¶¶ 28, 29, 30. Even assuming that the allegations about Rothstein are true (and they 
certainly are not challenged by this Motion), Edwards is still obviously entitled to summary judgment 
for the additional reason that Epstein was not harmed by these fraudulent pitches. Epstein was 
obviously not present during these presentations. Indeed, as review of Epstein's Complaint makes 
clear, he did not even know about the fraud until it became public knowledge through the mass media. 
See, e.g., Complaint ¶16 ("The details of this fraudulent scheme are being revealed on a daily basis 
through various media report and court documents."). 
To proceed on any of his causes of action, Epstein is required to prove harm. See, e.g., Bortell 
v. White Mountains Ins. Group, Ltd., 2 So.3d 1041, 1047 (Fla. 4th Dist. Ct. App. 2009); S & I 
Investments v. Payless Flea Market, Inc., 36 So.3d 909, 917 (Fla. 4'h Dist. Ct. App. 2010). Epstein was 
not harmed by Rothstein's misrepresentations to other people that he knew nothing about. Summary 
judgment is therefore appropriate on this ground as well. 
c. 
Epstein's Allegations of Negligence by Edwards are Unfounded and Not 
Actionable in Any Event. 
At various points in his Complaint Epstein recognizes that Edwards was not involved in any 
Rothstein Ponzi scheme. Therefore, seemingly as a fallback, Epstein alleges without explanation that 
Edwards "should have known" about the existence of this concealed Ponzi scheme. For example, in 
his Complaint Epstein alleges: "Upon information and belief, Edwards knew or should have known 
Rothstein was utilizing RRA as a front for the massive Ponzi scheme . . . ." Complaint at & 26 
(emphasis added). Among other problems, this fallback negligence position suffers the fatal flaw that 
EFTA00729960
--- PAGE 9 ---
it does not link at all to the five counts in the complaint, all of which alleged intentional fraud or 
conspiracy. 
The five counts in the Complaint all allege criminal — i.e., intentional — activity. The five 
counts are: Count 1 — Florida Civil Remedies for Criminal Practices Act (FCRCPA); Count 2 — Florida 
RICO; Count 3 — Abuse of Process; Count 4 — Fraud; and Count 5 — Conspiracy to Commit Fraud. To 
take Count 1 as an example, Epstein alleges that Edwards "engaged in pattern of criminal activity as 
defined in § 772.102(3) and (4), Fla Stat. (2009)." Epstein then alleges (without any elaboration) that 
Edwards committed such crimes as fraud, extortion, and perjury — crimes that are listed as actionable 
under the FCRCPA. 
See Fla. Stat. Ann. § 772.102(1)(a). Crimes such as these require proof of 
criminal intent. Proving the crime of perjury, for example, requires proof that "testimony was in fact 
false testimony, and that [the defendant] knew of its falsity and willfully and with deliberation swore to 
it as true." Rader v. State, 52 So.2d 105, 108 (Fla. 1951) (emphasis added). Proving the crime of 
fraud requires proof that the defendant acted with "intent to defraud " Pizzo v. State, 455. So.2d 1203, 
1207 (Fla. 2006) (emphasis added); see also Curd v. Mosaic Fertilizer, LLC, 
So.3d _, 2010 WL 
2400384 at *15 (describing as fraud, conversion, civil theft, and abuse of process as "intentional torts" 
that require "proof of intent"). Moreover, not only do the underlying crimes require proof of criminal 
intent, but the FCRCPA itself requires proof that a defendant must have acted "with criminal intent," 
Fla. Stat. Ann. § 772.103(1), or "conspire[d]," § 772.103(4), in order for a cause of action to proceed. 
Nothing in the statute allows a claim to move forward on a mere allegation of negligence. 
Epstein's negligence claim is also deficient because it simply fails to satisfy the requirements 
for a negligence cause of action: 
"Four elements are necessary to sustain a negligence claim: 1. A duty, or obligation, 
recognized by the law, requiring the [defendant] to conform to a certain standard of 
conduct, for the protection of others against unreasonable risks. 2. A failure on the 
EFTA00729961
--- PAGE 10 ---
[defendant's] part to conform to the standard required: a breach fo the duty . . . . 3. A 
reasonably close causal connection between he conduct and the resulting injury. This is 
what is commonly known as `legal cause,' or 'proximate cause,' and which includes the 
notion of cause in fact. 4. Actual loss or damage. 
Curd v. Mosaic Fertilizer, LLC, 
So.2d 
, 2010 WL 2400384 at *9 (Fla. 2010). Epstein does not 
allege a particular duty on the part of Edwards that has been breached. Nor does Epstein explain how 
any breach of the duty might have proximately caused him actual damages. Summary judgment is 
therefore appropriate for these reasons as well. 
Finally, for the sake of completeness, it is worth noting briefly that no reasonable jury could 
find Edwards to have been negligent in failing to anticipate that a managing partner at his law firm 
would be involved in an unprecedented Ponzi scheme. Scott Rothstein deceived not only Edwards but 
also more than 60 other reputable lawyers at a major law firm. Cf . Sun Sentinel, Fort Lauderdale, 
Dec. 11, 2009, 2009 WLNR 25074193 at *1 ("Sure, some outlandish John Grisham murder plot[s] 
sound far-fetched. But if you asked me a few months ago if Scott Rothstein was fabricating federal 
court orders and forging a judge's signature on documents to allegedly fleece his friends, as federal 
prosecutors allege, I would have said that was far-fetched, too."). No reasonable lawyer could have 
expected that a fellow member of the bar would have been involved in such a plot. Nobody seemed to 
know of Rothstein's Ponzi scheme, not even his best friends, or the people he did business with on a 
daily basis, or even his wife. Many of the attorneys at RRA had been there for years and knew 
nothing. Edwards was a lawyer at RRA for less than 8 months and had very few personal encounters 
with Rothstein during his time at the firm, yet Epstein claims that he should have known of Rothstein's 
intricate ponzi scheme. No doubt for this reason the U.S. Attorney's Office has now listed Edwards as 
a "victim" of Rothstein's crimes. See Statement of Undisputed Facts filed contemporaneously. 
EFTA00729962
--- PAGE 11 ---
Epstein's Complaint does not offer any specific reason why a jury would conclude that 
Edwards was negligent, and he chose not to offer any explanation of his claim at his deposition. 
Accordingly, Edwards is entitled to summary judgment on all claims against him relating to 
Rothstein's Ponzi scheme. 
2. 
Edwards is Entitled to Summary Judgment on All Claims Regarding 
"Pumping the Cases" Because He Was Properly Pursuing the Interests of His 
Three Clients Who Had Been Sexually Abused by Epstein. 
The next claim that Epstein advances is that Edwards somehow improperly enhanced the value 
of the three civil cases he had filed against Epstein. Edwards represented three young women — L.M., 
E.W., and Jane Doe — by filing civil suits against Epstein for his sexual abuse of them while they were 
minors. Epstein purports to find a cause of action for this by alleging that Edwards somehow was 
involved in "'pumping' these three cases to investors." Complaint at ¶51; see also id. at ¶¶36, 41, 
42(f), 42(k) (similar allegations of "pumping" the cases). 
As just explained, to the extent that Epstein is alleging that Edwards somehow did something 
related to the Ponzi scheme, those allegations fail for the simple reason that Edwards was not involved 
in any such scheme. Edwards, for example, could not have possibly "pumped" the cases to investors 
when he never participated in any communication with investors. 
Epstein's "pumping" claims, however, fail for an even more basic reason: Edwards was entitled 
— indeed ethically obligated as an attorney — to secure the maximum recovery for his clients during the 
course of his legal representation. As is well known, "[a]s an advocate, a lawyer zealously asserts the 
client's position under the rules of the adversary system." Fla. Rules of Prof. Conduct, Preamble. 
Edwards therefore was required to pursue (unless otherwise instructed by his clients) a maximum 
EFTA00729963
--- PAGE 12 ---
recovery against Epstein. Edwards, therefore, cannot be liable for doing something that his ethical 
duties as an attorney required.2
Another reason that Epstein's claims that Edwards was "pumping" cases for investors fails is 
that Edwards filed all three cases almost a year before he was hired by RRA or even knew of Scott 
Rothstein. Epstein makes allegations that the complaints contained sensational allegations for the 
purposes of luring investors; however, language in the complaints remained virtually unchanged from 
the first filing in 2008 and from the overwhelming evidence the Court can see for itself that all of the 
facts alleged by Edwards in the complaints were true. 
Epstein ultimately paid to settle all three of the cases Edwards filed against him for more 
money than he paid to settle any of the other claims against him. At Epstein's request, the terms of the 
settlement were kept confidential. The sum that he paid to settle all these cases is therefore not filed 
with this pleading and will be provided to the court for in-camera review. Epstein chose to make this 
payment as the result of a federal court ordered mediation process, which he himself sought (over the 
objection of Jane Doe, Edwards' client in federal court) in an effort to resolve the case. See 
Defendant's Motion for Settlement Conference, or in the Alternative, Motion to Direct Parties back to 
Mediation, Doe v. Epstein, No. 9:08-CV-80893 (S.D. Fla. June 28, 2010) (Marra, J.) (doc. #168) 
attached hereto as Exhibit "A". Notably, Epstein sought this settlement conference — and ultimately 
made his payments as a result of that conference - in July 2010, more than seven months after he filed 
this lawsuit against Edwards. Accordingly, Epstein could not have been the victim of any scheme to 
"pump" the cases against him, because he never paid to settle the cases until well after Edwards had 
left RRA and had severed all connection with Scott Rothstein (December 2009). 
In a further effort to harass Edwards, Epstein also filed a bar complaint with the Florida Bar against Edwards. The Florida 
Bar has dismissed that complaint See Statement of Undisputed Facts. 
EFTA00729964
--- PAGE 13 ---
In addition, if Epstein had thought that there was some improper coercion involved in, for 
example, Jane Doe's case, his remedy was to raise the matter before Federal District Court Judge 
Kenneth A. Marra who was presiding over the matter. Far from raising any such claim, Epstein simply 
chose to settle that case. He is therefore now barred by the doctrine of res judicata from somehow re-
litigating what happened in (for example) the Jane Doe case. "The doctrine of res judicata makes a 
judgment on the merits conclusive `not only as to every matter which was offered and received to 
sustain or defeat the claim, but as to every other matter which might with propriety have been litigated 
and determined in that action." AMEC Civil, LLC v. State Dept of Transp., 
So.2d 
, 2010 WL 
1542634 at *2 (Fla. 1n Dist. Ct. App. 2010) (quoting Kimbrell v. Paige, 448 So.2d 1009, 1012 (Fla. 
1984). Obviously, any question of improper "pumping" of a particular case could have been resolved 
in that very case rather than now re-litigated in satellite litigation. 
3. 
Edwards is Entitled to Summary Judgment on Claims Regarding Alleged 
Abuse of Process Because He Acted Properly Within the Boundaries of the 
Law in Pursuit of the Legitimate Interests of his Clients. 
Epstein's Complaint also raises several claims of "abuse of process." These claims appear to 
be related to those just discussed, but culminate in a separate cause of action — count 3 — alleging 
"abuse of process." 
An abuse of process claim requires proof of three elements: "(1) that the 
defendant made an illegal, improper, or perverted use of process; (2) that the defendant had ulterior 
motives or purposes in exercising such illegal, improper, or perverted use of process; and (3) that, as a 
result of such action on the part of the defendant, the plaintiff suffered damage. " S & I Investments v. 
Payless Flea Market, Inc., 36 So.3d 909, 917 (Fla. 4th Dist. Ct. App. 2010) (internal citation omitted). 
In fact, this Court is very familiar with this cause of action, as Edwards has correctly stated this cause 
in his counterclaim against Epstein. Edwards is entitled to summary judgment because Epstein cannot 
EFTA00729965
--- PAGE 14 ---
prove these elements. 
The first element of an abuse of process claim is that a defendant made "an illegal, improper, or 
perverted use of process." On the surface, Epstein's Complaint appears to contain several allegations 
of such improper process. On examination, however, each of these allegations amounts to nothing 
other than a claim that Epstein was unhappy with some motion or argument made by Edwards. This is 
not the stuff of an abuse of process claim, particularly where Epstein fails to allege that he was 
required to do something as the result of Edwards' pursuit of the claims against him. See Marty v. 
Gresh, 501 So.2d 87, 90 (Fla. 1st Dist. Ct. App. 1987) (affirming summary judgment on an abuse of 
process claim where "appellant's lawsuit caused appellee to do nothing against her will"). 
In any event, none of the allegations of "improper" process can survive summary judgment 
scrutiny, because every action Edwards took was entirely proper. For purposes of completeness, the 
following is a point-by-point refutation of Epstein's allegations: 
• 
Complaint ¶42(a): Edwards properly included listed damages in Jane Doe's federal 
action of more than $50,000,000, because those were the damages that Edwards was 
going to seek at trial on behalf of Jane Doe. See Statement of Undisputed Facts. 
• 
Complaint ¶42(b): Edwards was entitled to help Jane Doe exercise her First 
Amendment rights to criticize the unduly lenient plea bargain he received in a criminal 
case, See Statement of Undisputed Facts, and criticizing what happened in the criminal 
case is not actionable in an unrelated civil case; 
• 
Complaint ¶ 42(c): Edwards only asked reasonable questions of Epstein at his 
deposition, all of which related to the merits of the case against Edwards. See 
Statement of Undisputed Facts. 
• 
Complaint ¶ 42(d): Edwards only pursued legitimate discovery designed to further the 
cases filed against Epstein. See Statement of Undisputed Facts. 
• 
Complaint ¶ 42(e): Edwards did not made "ridiculously inflammatory and sound-bite 
rich" statements, but rather made statements supported by the evidence. For example, 
there is ample evidence that Epstein has abused more than 400 children, See Statement 
of Undisputed Facts, a fact that Epstein has always invoked his Fifth Amendment right 
of silence regarding rather than elaborate. 
EFTA00729966
--- PAGE 15 ---
• 
Complaintl 42(f): Edwards properly filed a motion seeking to restrain Epstein's 
fraudulent transfer of assets in federal court where Edwards had evidence that Epstein 
was titling cars and other assets in the names of other persons, See Statement of 
Undisputed Facts. 
Epstein also fails to meet the second element of an abuse of process claim: that Edwards had 
some sort of ulterior motive. The case law is clear that on an abuse of process claim a "plaintiff must 
prove that the process was used for an immediate purpose other than that for which it was designed." 
S&I Investments v. Payless Flea Market, Inc., 36 So.3d 909, 917 (Fla. 4'h Dist. Ct. App. 2010) (citing 
Biondo v. Powers, 805 So.2d 67, 69 (Fla. 4th Dist. Ct. App. 2002). As a consequence, "[w]here the 
process was used to accomplish the result for which it was intended, regardless of an incidental or 
concurrent motive of spite or ulterior purpose, there is no abuse of process." Id. (internal quotation 
omitted). Here, Edwards has fully denied any improper motive, See Statement of Undisputed Facts, 
and Epstein has no evidence of any such motivation. Indeed, it is revealing that Epstein chose not to 
ask even a single question about this subject during the deposition of Edwards. In addition, all of the 
actions that Epstein complains about were in fact used for the immediate purpose of furthering the 
lawsuits filed by L.M., E.W., and Jane Doe. In other words, these actions all "accomplished the results 
for which they were intended" -- whether it was securing additional discovery or presenting a legal 
issue to the court handling the case. Accordingly, Edwards is entitled to summary judgment on any 
claim that he abused process for this reason as well. 
4. 
Edwards is Entitled to Summary Judgment on Claims Regarding Pursuit 
of Discovery Concerning Epstein's Friends Because All Such Efforts Were 
Reasonably Calculated to Lead to Relevant and Admissible Testimony 
About Epstein's Abuse of Minor Girls. 
EFTA00729967
--- PAGE 16 ---
Epstein has also alleged that Edwards improperly pursued discovery from some his close 
friends. Such discovery, Epstein claims, was improper because Edwards knew that these individuals 
lacked any discoverable information about the sexual assault cases against Epstein. 
Here again, Edwards is entitled to summary judgment, as each of the friends of Epstein were 
reasonably believed to possess discoverable information. The undisputed facts show the following 
with regard to each of the persons raised in Epstein's complaint: 
• 
Complaint ¶38(i): With regard to Donald Trump, Edwards had sound legal basis for 
believing Mr. Trump had relevant and discoverable information. See Statement of 
Undisputed Facts. 
• 
Complaint ¶38(ii): With regard to Alan Dershowitz (Harvard Law Professor), Edwards 
had sound legal basis for believing Mr. Dershowitz had relevant and discoverable 
information. See Statement of Undisputed Facts. 
• 
Complaint ¶38(iii): With regard to former President Bill Clinton, Edwards had sound 
legal basis for believing former President Clinton had relevant and discoverable 
information. See Statement of Undisputed Facts. 
• 
Complaint ¶38(iv): With regard to former Sony Record executive Tommy Mottola, 
Edwards was not the attorney that noticed Mr. Mottola's deposition. See Statement of 
Undisputed Facts. 
• 
Complaint ¶38(v): With regard to illusionist David Copperfield, Edwards had sound 
legal basis for believing Mr. Copperfield had relevant and discoverable information. 
See Statement of Undisputed Facts. 
• 
Complaint ¶40(i): With regard to former New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson, 
Edwards had sound legal basis for naming Former New Mexico Governor Bill 
Richardson on his witness list. See Statement of Undisputed Facts. 
It is worth noting that the standard for discovery is a very liberal one. To notice someone for a 
deposition, of course, it is not required that the person deposed actually end up producing admissible 
evidence. Otherwise, every deposition that turned out to be a false alarm would lead to an "abuse of 
process" claim. Moreover, the rules of discovery themselves provide that a deposition need only be 
EFTA00729968
--- PAGE 17 ---
"reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence." Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.280(6) 
(emphasis added). 
Moreover, the discovery that Edwards pursued has to be considered against the backdrop of 
Epstein's obstructionist tactics. As the Court is aware, in both this case and all other cases filed against 
him, Epstein has taken the Fifth rather than answer any substantive questions. Epstein has also helped 
secure attorneys for his other household staff who assisted in the process of recruiting the minor girls, 
who in turn also asserted their Fifth Amendment rights rather than explain what happened behind 
closed doors in Epstein's mansion in West Palm Beach. See Statement of Undisputed Facts. It is 
against this backdrop that Edwards followed up on one of the only remaining lines of inquiry open to 
him: discovery aimed at Epstein's friends who might have been in a position to corroborate the fact 
that Epstein was sexually abusing young girls. 
In the context of the sexual assault cases that Edwards had filed against Epstein, any act of 
sexual abuse had undeniable relevance to the case — even acts of abuse Epstein committed against 
minor girls other than L.M., E.W., or Jane Doe. Both federal and state evidence rules make acts of 
child abuse against other girls admissible in the plaintiff's case in chief as proof of "modus operandi" 
or "motive" or "common scheme or plan." See Fed. R. Evid. 415 (evidence of other acts of sexual 
abuse automatically admissible in a civil case); Fla. Stat. Ann. 90.404(b) (evidence of common scheme 
admissible); Williams v. State, 110 So.2d 654 (Fla. 1959) (other acts of potential sexual misconduct 
admissible). 
A second reason exists for making discovery of Epstein's acts of abuse of other minor girls 
admissible. Juries considering punitive damages issues are plainly entitled to consider "the existence 
and frequency of similar past conduct." TXO Production Corp. v. Alliance Resources Corp., 509 U.S. 
EFTA00729969
--- PAGE 18 ---
443, 462 n.28 (1993). This is because the Supreme Court recognizes "that a recidivist may be 
punished more severely than a first offender . . . [because] repeated misconduct is more reprehensible 
than an individual instance of malfeasance." BMW of North America, Inc. v. Gore, 517 U.S. 559, 577 
(1996) (supporting citations omitted). In addition, juries can consider other similar acts evidence as 
part of the deterrence calculation in awarding punitive damages, because "evidence that a defendant 
has repeatedly engaged in prohibited conduct while knowing . . . that it was unlawful would provide 
relevant support for an argument that strong medicine is required to cure the defendant's disrespect for 
the law." Id. at 576-77. In the cases Edwards filed against Epstein, his clients were entitled to attempt 
to prove that Epstein "repeatedly engaged in prohibited conduct" — i.e., because he was a predatory 
pedophile, he sexually assaulted dozens and dozens of minor girls. The discovery of Epstein's friends 
who might have had direct or circumstantial evidence of other acts of sexual assault was accordingly 
entirely proper. Edwards is therefore entitled summary judgment on all claims regarding discovery of 
Epstein's friends. 
5. 
Edwards is Entitled to Summary Judgment on Claims that He Should Have 
Known That the Three Cases Had "Minimal" Value Because the Cases in 
Fact Had Substantial Value. 
A final claim made by Epstein is that Edwards "knew or should have known that their three 
filed cases were weak and had minimal value." Complaint ¶42(h). It is now no longer necessary to 
speculate about what the value of the three cases is. Epstein paid to settle all three cases. Epstein has 
insisted that the sum he paid remain confidential. As such, the Settlement Agreements have not been 
attached as an Exhibit, but can be shown to the Court in camera. In light of the sum that was paid, no 
reasonable jury could now fmd that the cases had "minimal value." Accordingly, Edwards is entitled 
to summary judgment on these claims as well. 
EFTA00729970
--- PAGE 19 ---
III. 
EPSTEIN'S LAWSUIT MUST BE DISMISSED BECAUSE OF HIS REFUSAL TO 
PARTICIPATE IN REASONABLE DISCOVERY. 
As is readily apparent from the facts of this case, Epstein has filed a lawsuit but then refused to 
allow any real discovery about the merits of his case. Instead, when asked hard questions about 
whether he has any legitimate claim at all, Epstein has hidden behind the Fifth Amendment. As a 
result, under the "sword and shield doctrine" widely recognized in Florida caselaw, his suit must be 
dismissed. 
"[T]he law is well settled that a plaintiff is not entitled to both his silence and his lawsuit." 
Boys & Girls Clubs of Marion County, Inc. v. J.A., 22 So.3d 855, 856 (Fla. 5th Dist. Ct. App. 2009) 
(Griffin, J., concurring specially). Thus, "a person may not seek affirmative relief in a civil action and 
then invoke the fifth amendment to avoid giving discovery, using the fifth amendment as both a `sword 
and a shield.' DePalma v. DePalma, 538 So.2d 1290, 1290 (Fla. 4th Dist. Ct. App. 1989) (quoting 
DeLisi v. Bankers Insurance Co., 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th Dist. Ct. App. 1983)). Put another way, "[a] 
civil litigant's fifth amendment right to avoid self-incrimination may be used as a shield but not a 
sword. This means that a plaintiff seeking affirmative relief in a civil action may not invoke the fifth 
amendment and refuse to comply with the defendant's discovery requests, thereby thwarting the 
defendant's defenses." Rollins Burdick Hunter of New York Inc. v. Euroclassic Limited, Inc., 502 So. 
2d 959 (Fla. 3"I Dist. Court App. 1983). 
Here, Epstein is trying to do precisely what the "well settled" law forbids. Specifically, he is 
trying to obtain "affirmative relief' — i.e., forcing Edwards to pay money damages — while 
simultaneously precluding Edwards from obtaining legitimate discovery at the heart of the allegations 
that form the basis for the relief Epstein is seeking. As recounted more fully in the statement of 
undisputed facts, Epstein has refused to answer such basic questions about his lawsuit as: 
EFTA00729971
--- PAGE 20 ---
• 
"Specifically what are the allegations against you which you contend Mr. Edwards 
ginned up?" 
• 
"Well, which of Mr. Edwards' cases do you contend were fabricated?" 
• 
"Is there anything in L.M.'s Complaint that was filed against you in September of 2008 
which you contend to be false?" 
• "I would like to know whether you ever had any physical contact with the person 
referred to as Jane Doe in that [federal] complaint?" 
• 
"Did you ever have any physical contact with E.W.?" 
• 
"What is the actual value that you contend the claim of E.W. against you has?" 
The matters addressed in these questions are the central focus of Epstein's claims against Edwards. 
Epstein's refusal to answer these and literally every other substantive question put to him in discovery 
has deprived Edwards of even a basic understanding of the evidence alleged to support claims against 
him. Moreover, by not offering any explanation of his allegations, Epstein is depriving Edwards of 
any opportunity to conduct third party discovery and opportunity to challenge Epstein's allegations. 
It is the clear law that "the chief purpose of our discovery rules is to assist the truth-finding 
function of our justice system and to avoid trial by surprise or ambush," Scipio v. State, 928 So.2d 
1138 (Fla.2006), and "full and fair discovery is essential to these important goals," McFadden v. State, 
So.3d 755, 757 (Fla. 4th Dist. Ct. App. 2009). Accordingly, it is important for the Court to insure 
"not only compliance with the technical provisions of the discovery rules, but also adherence to the 
purpose and spirit of those rules in both the criminal and civil context." McFadden, 15 So.3d at 757. 
Epstein has repeatedly blocked "full and fair discovery," requiring dismissal of his claim against 
Edwards. 
IV. 
EDWARDS IS ENTITLED TO ADVERSE INFERENCES FROM EPSTEIN'S 
INVOCATION OF THE FIFTH AMENDMENT AM) THEREFORE TO SUMMARY 
JUDGMENT ON ALL OF EPSTEIN'S CLAIMS. 
EFTA00729972
--- PAGE 21 ---
Edwards is entitled to summary judgment on the claims against him for a second and entirely 
independent reason: Epstein's repeated invocations of the Fifth Amendment raise adverse inferences 
against him that leave no possibility that a reasonable factfinder could reach a verdict in his favor. In 
ruling on a summary judgment motion, the court must fulfill a "gatekeeping function" and should ask 
whether "a reasonable trier of fact could possibly" reach a verdict in favor of the plaintiff. Willingham 
v. City of Orlando, 929 So.2d 43, 48 (Fla. 5th Dist. Ct. App. 2006) (emphasis added). Given all of the 
inferences that are to be drawn against Epstein, no reasonable finder of fact could conclude that 
Epstein was somehow the victim of improper civil lawsuits filed against him. Instead, a reasonable 
finder of fact could only find that Epstein was a serial molester of children who was being held 
accountable through legitimate suits brought by Edwards and others on behalf of the minor girls that 
Epstein victimized. 
"[I]t is well-settled that the Fifth Amendment does not forbid adverse inferences against parties 
to civil actions when they refuse to testify in response to probative evidence offered against them." 
Baxter v. Palmigiano, 425 U.S. 308, 318 (1976); accord Vasquez v. State, 777 So.2d 1200, 1203 (Fla. 
App. 2001). The reason for this rule "is both logical and utilitarian. A party may not trample upon the 
rights of others and then escape the consequences by invoking a constitutional privilege — at least not 
in a civil setting." Fraser v. Security and Inv. Corp., 615 So.2d 841, 842 (Fla. 4th Dist. Ct. App. 1993). 
And, in the proper circumstances, "'Silence is often evidence of the most persuasive character."' 
Fraser v. Security and Inv. Corp., 615 So.2d 841, 842 (Fla. 4th Dist. Ct. App. 1993) (quoting United 
States ex rel. Bilokumsky v. Tod 263 U.S. 149, 153-154 (1923) (Brandeis, J.). 
In the circumstances of this case, a reasonable finder of fact would have "evidence of the most 
persuasive character" from Epstein's repeated refusal to answer questions propounded to him. To 
EFTA00729973
--- PAGE 22 ---
provide but a few examples, here are questions that Epstein refused to answer and the reasonable 
inference that a reasonable finder of fact would draw: 
• 
Question not answered: "Specifically what are the allegations against you which you 
contend Mr. Edwards ginned up?" Reasonable inference: No allegations against 
Epstein were ginned up. 
• 
Question not answered: "Well, which of Mr. Edwards' cases do you contend were 
fabricated?" Reasonable inference: No cases filed by Edwards against Epstein were 
fabricated. 
• 
Question not answered: "Did sexual assaults ever take place on a private airplane on 
which you were a passenger?" Reasonable inference: Epstein was on a private airplane 
while sexual assaults were taking place. 
• 
Question not answered: "How many minors have you procured for prostitution?" 
Reasonable inference: Epstein has procured multiple minors for prostitution. 
• 
Question not answered: "Is there anything in L.M.'s Complaint that was filed against 
you in September of 2008 which you contend to be false?" Reasonable inference: 
Nothing in L.M.'s complaint filed in September of 2008 was false — i.e., as alleged in 
L.M.'s complaint, Epstein repeatedly sexually assaulted her while she was a minor and 
she was entitled to substantial compensatory and punitive damages as a result. 
• 
Question not answered: "I would like to know whether you ever had any physical 
contact with the person referred to as Jane Doe in that [federal] complaint?" 
Reasonable inference: Epstein had physical contact with minor Jane Doe as alleged in 
her federal complaint. 
• 
Question not answered: "Did you ever have any physical contact with E.W.?" 
Reasonable inference: Epstein had physical contact with minor E.W. as alleged in her 
complaint. 
• 
Question not answered: "What is the actual value that you contend the claim of E.W. 
against you has?" Reasonable inference: E.W.'s claim against Epstein had substantial 
actual value. 
Without repeating each and every invocation of the Fifth Amendment that Epstein has made 
and the reasonable inferences to be drawn from those invocations of privilege, the big picture is 
unmistakably clear: No reasonable finder of fact could rule in Epstein's favor on his claims against 
EFTA00729974
--- PAGE 23 ---
Edwards. Accordingly, Edwards is entitled to summary judgment based on the Fifth Amendment 
inferences that the jury would draw. 
The inferences against Epstein are not limited to those arising from his privilege assertions. 
Epstein's guilt is also reasonably inferred from his harassment of, intimidation of, efforts to exercise 
control over, and limitation of access to witnesses who might testify against him. 
Epstein's efforts to intimidate his victims support the inference that Epstein knew that they 
were going to provide compelling testimony against him. The evidence that Epstein tampered with 
witnesses (later designated as his accomplices and co-conspirators) will be admissible to demonstrate 
his consciousness of guilt. "[I]t is precisely because of the egregious nature of such conduct that the 
law expressly permits the jury to make adverse inferences from a party's efforts to intimidate witnesses 
. . . :' Jost v. Ahmad, 730 So.2d 708, 711 (Fla. 2 nd Dist. Ct. App. 1998) (internal quotation omitted). 
To be clear, Epstein's attempt to tamper with witnesses is "not simply admissible as impeachment 
evidence of the tampering party's credibility. The opposing party is entitled to introduce facts regarding 
efforts to intimidate a witness as substantive evidence." Id. at 711 (emphasis in original) (internal 
citation omitted). This substantive evidence of Epstein's witness intimidation provides yet another 
reason why no reasonable jury could find in favor of his claims against Edwards. 
CONCLUSION 
For all the foregoing reasons, defendant, the Court should grant defendant Bradley J. Edwards, 
Esq., summary judgment in his favor on all claims filed against him plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein, and any 
other relief that the Court deems just and proper. 
EFTA00729975
--- PAGE 24 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on September 
JP 
, 2010 a copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and email transmittal to all those on the attached service list. 
By: 
Christopher E. Knight, Esq. 
Joseph L. Ackerman, Esq. 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. 
901 Phillips Point West 
777 South Flagler Drive 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger et al. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Marc S. Nurik, Esq. 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E. Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Gary M. Farmer, Jr. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Jack Scarola 
Searcy, Denney, Scarola, Barnhart & Shipley 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
(561) 68 
(561 
( 
AROLA 
Flori 
No.: 169440 
SER 
LIST 
EFTA00729976
--- PAGE 25 ---
DEFENDANT BRADLEY J. EDWARDS'S MOTION FOR FINAL SUMMARY JUDGMENT 
Epstein v. Edwards, et al. 
Case No.: 50 2009 CA 0408001OOOCMBAG 
EXHIBIT A 
EFTA00729977
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 168 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/28/2010 Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80893-IVIARRAJJOHNSON 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
DEFENDANT EPSTEIN'S MOTION FOR SETTLEMENT CONFERENCE, OR IN 
THE ALTERNATIVE, MOTION TO DIRECT PARTIES' BACK TO MEDIATION 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through his undersigned attorneys, 
pursuant to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and the Local Rules for the Southern 
District of Florida, moves this Court for an order requiring the parties to attend a 
Settlement Conference before Magistrate Judge Linnea R. Johnson, or in the alternative, 
for an Order directing the parties to reconvene at a second mediation on or before July 1, 
2010, and as grounds set forth would state: 
1. The above-styled matter is currently scheduled on the Court's trial docket 
beginning July 19, 2010. (D.E. #119, Order Re-Setting Trial Date and Pretrial Deadlines). 
The Court's Mandatory Pretrial Stipulation and Motions in Limine deadlines are set for 
July 1, 2010. In this regard, if the parties could reach an agreement at a settlement 
conference or a mediation before these pre-trial deadlines, it would result in substantial 
conservation of judicial resources and preparation time. 
2. 
The parties attended mediation on April 5, 2010, at Matrix Mediation, 
LLC, with Rodney Romano serving as mediator, but were unable to reach an agreement. 
(See D.E. #139). 
EFTA00729978
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 168 Entered on FLED Docket 06/28/2010 Page 2 of 4 
Doe v. Epstein 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80893-MARRAJJOHNSON 
Page 2 
3. Since the April 5, 2010 mediation, additional discovery has been completed 
and exchanged, including each parties' psychological (Plaintiff) and psychiatric 
(Defendant) expert depositions. As well, Defendant filed his Motion for Summary 
Judgment and Motion for Bifurcation. Both parties have exchanged witness and exhibit 
lists. Each party will be filing extensive Motions in Limine. Plaintiff's Trial Witness 
List has identified over 170 potential witnesses, and further, Plaintiff identifies over 140 
trial exhibits, including composite exhibits that are hundreds of pages in length. It is 
conceivable this case could last 12- 20 trial days. 
4. Additionally, since the parties attended mediation on April 5, 2010, Defendant 
has resolved all pending lawsuits, including Plaintiff, C.L. (Case No.: 10-80447) and 
JANE DOES Nos. 2-8 (Case Nos.: 08-80119, 08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80802), C.M.A. (Case No.08-80811), Jane Does Nos. 101, 102 and 103 
(Case Nos. 09-80591, 09-80656, 10-80309), another Jane Doe (Case No. 08-80804), 
Jane Doe II (Case No. 09-80469), as well as other non-filed claims. Furthermore, 
Defendant has also resolved three state court claims. The only cases not resolved are this 
case and two (2) cases in state court (all three Plaintiffs are represented by Plaintiff's 
counsel, Brad Edwards, Esq. and his firm). I
5. Plaintiffs in other filed cases were represented by various law firms as the 
court is aware. 
6. With the additional discovery completed to date and with the motions, trial 
preparation and judicial rulings necessary to try this case, all yet to be done, Defendant 
Them is also a case styled 1,1,Whfkagadia, CASE NO.: 09-C1V-81092 — MARRA/JOHNSON, which was never served 
on the Defendant Defendant has filed a Tahitian to Dismiss 
EFTA00729979
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 168 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/28/2010 Page 3 of 4 
Doe v. Epstein 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80893•MARRA/JOHNSON 
Page 3 
believes that a settlement conference or mediation is in the best interest of both parties to 
attempt resolution. There is no prejudice to either party. 
7. Therefore, Defendant requests the Court issue an order directing the parties to 
attend a Settlement Conference before Magistrate Judge Johnson or that the Court direct 
the parties to attend a further mediation before July 1, 2010. 
Both Magistrate Judge 
Johnson and Rodney Romano (as the mediator in this case) are very familiar with the 
particular case and other claims that were asserted. 
8. Defendant's Counsel has spoken with the secretary for the mediator, Rodney 
Romano, and she believes that he would be able to schedule a 2-3 hour mediation on 
short notice this week. 
WHEREFORE, Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN respectfully requests the Court 
to enter an Order directing the parties to attend a Settlement Conference before 
Magistrate Judge Linnea R. Johnson, or in the alternative, a mediation on or before July 
1, 2010. 
Rule 7.1 Certification 
I hereby certify that counsel has communicated by telephone with Plaintiffs 
counsel in a good faith effort to resolve the issues set forth herein. Plaintiff's position is 
that the parties have already complied with the mediation requirements. 
By: s/Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
Michael J. Pike 
Attorneys for Defendant Epstein 
EFTA00729980
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 168 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/28/2010 Page 4 of 4 
Doe v. Epstein 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Page 4 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is 
being served this day on all counsel of record identified on the following service list in 
the manner specified via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF on this 28th day of June, 2010: 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos 
& Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave. 
Suite #2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
0- ounse or e en anJeffrey Epstein 
Respectfully submitted, 
By:  /s/ Robert D. Critton. Jr. 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
'd 
, LUTTIER & 
COLEMAN, LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
3401 
(Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00729981

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729982.pdf
----------------------------------------
■ wESEnaLSINaLSEMS. 
2139 PALM BEACH LAKES BLVD. 
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA 33409 
P.O. BOX 3626 
WEST PALM BEACH. FLORIDA 33402 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. 
ROSALYN SUL INWERDATINES 
'F. GREGORY SARNHART 
T HARDEE BASS, t 
LAURIE J BRIGGS 
BRIAN R DENNEY 
'EARL L DENNEY. JR, 
BRENDA S.FULLER 
JAMES W. GUSTAFSON, Alt 
JAC% R HILL 
DAYO K. KELLEY. JR. 
vat mu 0 ONO' 
•DARRYL L. LEM& 
'WILLIAM &NORTON 
PATROL E.GUINEAN' 
EDWARD V RCEZI 
'DAVO J. SALES.
'JOWL SCAROLA 
'CHRISTIAN D. SEARCY 
J0/01 A. SHIPLEY III 
CHRISTOPHER IL SPEED" 
anm P. EALIVA/1". 
KAREN E. TERRY 
CALYN *MARINER • 
SHAREHOLDERS 
•D0AND CERTIFIED 
ALSO ALTEDIED 
'KENTUCKY 
•1MAF 
Morino 
'MASSACHUSETTS 
MOS/SEAM 
NEW woosnnt 
'NEW JERSEY 
'wow, 
WAS,INGTON DC 
PARALEGALS- .
VIVIAN AYAWTEJEDA 
ALYSSA A. DEDWARCO 
RANDY 
OUFFIESNE 
DAVIO W. EllUADRE 
JOHN D HOPKINS 
DEOOPAN LA KNAPP 
vrocart L. LEOPIAROL 
JAMES PETER LOVE 
CHRISTOPHER J. PLATO 
ROBERT W. PITCEER 
MAW P. PORGY 
KATHLEEN SEACti 
STEVE M. SMITH 
BONNE 5 STARK 
WALTER A STE1N 
SEARCY 
DENNEY 
SCAROLA 
BARNHART 
et-SHIPLNA 
VIA FACSIMILE AND U.S. MAIL 
561-802-9976 
June 25, 2010 
Rodney J. Janis, Esquire 
Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
777 S Flagler Drive, Suite 901 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
Epstein v. Rothstein, et al 
Our File No.: 291874 
Dear Mr. Janis: 
OTAI LAIMARFR (*Res' 
THE TOWLE HOUSE 
517 NORTH CALHOUN STREET 
TALLAHASSEE. FL 32301-1231 
P.O. BOX 1230 
TALLAHASSEE. FLORIDA 32302 
I am in receipt of your Notice of Hearing for June 30, 1010 at 8:45 a.m. before Judge 
Crow on Plaintiff's Motion to Compel Bradley Edwards to Appear for Follow-Up 
Deposition. 
Please be advised that the hearing date was not cleared with my office and I have 
conflicts that prevent me from attending the hearing you have noticed. 
Please ask your secretary call my secretary, Mary, to coordinate a mutually convenient 
date for the resetting of this hearing and I trust that you will be sending out a Notice of 
Cancellation for June 30th. 
cc: 
Gary M. Farmer, Esq. 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esq. 
Marc S. Nurik, Esq. 
as013seta 
WWW.SEA R CY LAW.COM 
EFTA00729982

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729983.pdf
----------------------------------------
Schedule for 12/3 
4:15am - Leave 358 El Brillo Way for airport 
5am - Depart to NYC 
9am - Arrive at house 
1:30pm - Depart house for meeting with Steven Susman 
2pm - Meeting with Steve Susman 
2:45pm - Leave Steve Susmans office for meeting with Davis Polk 
3pm - Meeting with Davis Polk 
5:30pm - Leave meeting with Davis Polk for house 
7:30pm - Leave house for airport 
8pm - Depart for PBI 
Home address in New York City: 
E. 71st St. 
New York, NY 10021 
Steve Susman's address: 
Davis Polk's address: 
450Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
EFTA00729983

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729984.pdf
----------------------------------------
Schedule for 2/24: 
6:00am 
7:00am 
11:00am 
1:30pm 
2:00-5:00pm 
5:30pm 
Schedule for 2/25: 
10:30am 
11:00am - 2:00pm 
2:30pm 
4:30pm 
5:00pm 
8:00pm 
Leave 358 El Brillo Way for Palm Beach International 
Airport (PBI) 
Wheels up from PBI for St. Thomas Airport (STT) 
Residence (Little St James) 
Leave residence for office 
Office (6100 Red Hook Quarters, Suite B3) 
Residence (Little St James) 
Leave residence for office 
Office (6100 Red Hook Quarters, Suite B3) 
Residence (Little St James) 
Depart residence for St. Thomas Airport via helicopter 
Wheels up from St. Thomas for Palm Beach 
International Airport 
Back at 358 El Brillo way 
EFTA00729984

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729985.pdf
----------------------------------------
Eill Hide 1-0 
KITCHENS + DESIGN 
RETAINER AGREEMENT 
Date: 
March 5, 2010 
Project: 
St. Thomas 
SNAIDERO USA NY 
150 E 58 ST Tri-I FLOOR 
Client: 
Douglas Schoettle 
NEW YORK. NY 10155 
Cell: 
E-mail: 
Purchaser agrees to pay $ 15,000 
 for the 
design of the following spaces: 
For the fee as set forth, Snaidero USA NY will verify site measurements, investigate various approaches and create 
a design and layout for the client based upon their desires and needs within the available space. The design will 
include three (3) sets of complete and detailed blueprints and specifications for the project. It is understood that the 
original drawings and design will remain the property of Snaidero USA NY. 
The Retainer shall be earned by Snaidero upon delivery of the drawings and design. The Client is not obligated to 
purchase cabinetry from Snaidero USA NY. However, if the Client and Snaidero USA NY. enter into a Purchase 
Agreement for the project, the Retainer shall be applied as a credit to the Purchase Agreement. 
Addendum: based on pricing of the proposal dated 03-05.10 and delivery schedule of 18-20 weeks from final design 
approval and execution of a mutually agreeable contract, any changes in base pricing exceeding five percent (5%) 
range, or delivery schedule may upon the option of the purchaser negate this agreement and sixty percent (60%) of 
the retainer refunded. However, Snaidero USA NY shall not be responsible for damages, delays, or inability to 
complete the agreement resulting from acts of God, strikes, fires, accidents, inclement, weather, or delays in 
obtaining materials from its suppliers or other causes beyond Snaidero's control. 
Accepted 
Date 
Purchaser or Agent 
Accepted 
Date 
Snaidero USA NY 
PDF Created with deskPDF PDF Writer - Trial :: http://www.docudesk.com 
EFTA00729985

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729986.pdf
----------------------------------------
DR F-
Name 
Scholar 
Code 
Discipline 
Report 
Maimul Khan 
Bangladesh 
001 
I.aw 
This scholar of constitutional law from Bangladesh was appointed the chair of the Law Department at the 
University of Dhaka in 1997. Shortly thereafter, the Prime Minister's office insisted that he fill department 
vacancies with political appointees. The scholar's refusal to follow what he calls "political orders" led to 
personal threats and to the termination of his position. Thanks to the SRF, he found a position at the University 
of California at Davis Law School, where he taught courses on human rights, law and culture in the Muslim 
world. He also taught courses at the University of California at Berkeley's Boalt Hall Law School. He 
completed his fellowship in 2003, and published Human Rights in the Muslim World: Constitutionalism, 
Fundamentalism, and International Politics. The scholar is now a professor in the School of Law at the 
University of California at Davis. 
Dmitri Lapotko 
Belarus 007 
Biomedical 
Technology 
This scholar is a medical research scientist and professor with over seventeen years of teaching experience in 
Europe and the United States. He received his Ph.D. in laser physics and acoustics from the Belarusian State 
University. In recent years, the Soros Foundation, the US National Institute for Health, the National Cancer 
Institute, and the U.S. Department of Defense have sponsored his research. In addition to a depressed economic 
situation in Belarus, this scholar is concerned about the increasingly authoritarian rule that has threatened him 
and his colleagues. His supervisor remains in jail today, and the government has launched a criminal 
investigation accusing him of fraud and abuse of state property. Fearing the seizure of his research facility and 
possible arrest, he contacted the SRF. With the Center for Biological and Environmental Nanotechnology at 
Rice University, the scholar is now furthering his research on leukemia and cancer treatment using 
nanotechnology. 
Prosper Nobirabo 
Democratic 
Republic 
of Congo 
040 
Law 
This legal scholar served as editor in chief of the University of Kinshasa's law journal and has held the 
positions of Director and Vice President of the International Center for the Defence of the Rights of the 
Indigenous Batwa "Pygmies" of Central Africa. Himself an indigenous Batwa, he is a 2003 recipient of the UN 
International Labor Organization (ILO)'s indigenous and tribal people's fellowship and is an established expert 
on the concerns facing the Batwa and indigenous peoples in Central Africa. In 2003, this scholar and a 
colleague undertook a study which researched the Batwa's legal and penal systems. The team witnessed and 
documented systemic human rights abuses against the Batwa. National security forces in Kinshasa learned of 
their work and confiscated their writing and research materials. Fearing arrest and prolonged detention, they 
escaped to Switzerland in January 2004. An SRF fellowship in October 2005, renewed in 2007, supported this 
scholar's independent research at Bern Univeristy and Fribourg University in Switzerland on the economic and 
political implications of a federated D.R. Congo where he published his dissertation and numerous academic 
articles. He is now a visiting fellow at the National University of Ireland and the Irish Center for Human Rights 
in Galway 
EFTA00729986
--- PAGE 2 ---
Name 
Scholar 
Code 
Discipline 
Report 
Saad Eddin Ibrahim 
Egypt 001 
Sociology 
The work of this internationally renowned Egyptian sociologist focuses on the democratic process, human 
rights, and the development of civil society. In 2001, he was arrested, imprisoned, tried and convicted by an 
Egyptian court on charges of receiving foreign funds without government permission, tarnishing Egypt's 
image, and improper use of European grant monies. The charges and trial were widely condemned by 
international observers, including the European Commission, and are suspected to have arisen from 
government displeasure with the scholar's reports examining election fraud and undemocratic practices. After 
an international campaign on his behalf, the scholar was retried and acquitted in 2003. The SRF awarded a 
fellowship and arranged a visit co-hosted by New York University and Columbia University, during which 
time the scholar resumed his teaching and writing and recovered from medical conditions worsened by his 
imprisonment. The scholar completed the fellowship in May 2004 and returned to his university in Egypt but 
eventually faced renewed pressures and threats from the government. He fled to Turkey and in September 2008 
he was sentenced in absentia to three years in jail with hard labor or a fine of LE 10,000 on charges of harming 
the reputation and the image of Egypt abroad. He has since returned to the US as a visiting professor at several 
institutions including Harvard University and is a regular public commentator on events unfolding in the 
Middle East. In September 2009 he will join Drew University as a Wallerstein Distinguished Visiting 
Professor. 
Hadi Hadizade Yazdi 
Iran 005 
Nuclear 
Physics 
This established nuclear physicist has taught at Ferdowsi University in Mashad, Iran for 24 years. He is also a 
member of Nehzat-e Azadi (the Iran Freedom Movement), a liberal political group that supports 
democratization within the framework of Iranian nationalism. In May 2001, he was arrested, tried and 
convicted along with other members of the organization. He was released pending appeal of an 8-year 
sentence, but the scholar and outside observers fear that he could be re-arrested at any time. In 2004, the SRF 
arranged a position for him at Ohio University, where he continues to pursue research and publications. As of 
2008, the scholar was at Harvard University searching a more permanent position in the US. 
Javad Tabatabai 
Iran 008 
Political 
Theory 
This eminent scholar was a professor of political theory and Associate Dean of Tehran University's School of 
Law and Political Science. His work has been lauded as contributing to a deeper understanding of Islamic 
political thought and Iranian history. The scholar has argued that a steady decline of political thought over the 
centuries has paved the way for the ascendancy of religious and mystical modes of reasoning. Accused of 
undermining Islam, he was repeatedly barred from teaching and subjected to harsh attacks, ultimately forcing 
him to flee Iran in 1997. With SRF support for a fellowship at Syracuse University's Global Affairs Institute, 
the scholar embarked on the most ambitious project of his career—a multi-volume work on the decline of 
Iranian political thought, which he completed in 2007. 
EFTA00729987
--- PAGE 3 ---
DRAFT 
Name 
Scholar 
Code 
Discipline 
Report 
Abdullah Kendoush 
Iraq 067 
Nuclear 
Thermal 
Hydraulics 
This professor of physics and engineering was recognized by the former Iraqi government as among the top 50 
scientists and engineers in the country. He received his Ph.D. in mechanical engineering from the University of 
Strathclyde, UK where he focused on thermodynamics and fluid mechanics. He has since spent 30 years 
heading research on reactor physics and heat transfer with the Iraqi Atomic Energy Commission (IAEC). 
Because of his high-profile publications and international recognition in his field, he received numerous death 
threats from unidentified groups demanding his resignation. After narrowly avoiding a deadly bomb attack, the 
scholar sought support from SRF. In September 2006, he joined the University of Florida- Gainesville where 
he continues to research in safety. 
Shemeem B. Abbas 
Pakistan 009 
English- 
Language & 
Applied 
Linguistics 
A former department chair and professor of English language and applied linguistics at the Open University in 
Islamabad, Pakistan, this scholar is best known for her book, The Female Voice in Sufi Ritual: Devotional 
Practices of Pakistan and India (2002), which has received widespread critical acclaim. In 1998, Islamic clerics 
at the university brought charges against her including blasphemy, a non-bailable offence for which conviction 
carries a death sentence. Although top- level government intervention eventually forced the charges to be 
dropped, the scholar feared retaliation and vigilante attacks by militant extremists known to target defendants 
in such cases and subsequently fled the country. The SRF awarded her a fellowship in February 2004 at the 
University of Texas where she completed her latest book inspired by her experience entitled On the Margins of 
State and Empire: Theorizing Pakistan's Blasphemy Laws. On a second fellowship in 2005, she joined the 
faculty of Political Science at Purchase College, which has since offered her a permanent tenure-track position. 
Michael Richard 
Hoole 
Sri Lanka 
004 
Mathematics 
With a doctorate in mathematical logic from Oxford University, this scholar taught mathematics at the 
University of Singapore before returning home to take up a position as Senior Lecturer in mathematics at the 
University of Jaffna. At the time of his return to Sri Lanka in 1986, the continuing civil war between the Sri 
Lankan state and minority Tamil militant groups was at a period of intense hostility. In this environment he and 
colleagues at the University of Jaffna founded the University Teachers for Human Rights-Jaffna (UTHR). 
Their reports on human rights violations were circulated widely, but as a result of their reporting, a colleague 
was murdered in 1989. Ultimately, the scholar received death threats and narrowly evaded abduction. In 2004, 
he was selected for a fellowship at Harvard University, which then nominated him to SRF for continuing 
support as he could not return safely to Sri Lanka at that time. SRF awarded a fellowship for the 2005-2006 
academic year to continue at Harvard's Department of Mathematics. The scholar has since returned to the 
region but SRF has received reports that he has not been able to return to Sri Lanka, and that he and his family 
continue to receive threats. 
EFTA00729988
--- PAGE 4 ---
DRAFT 
Name 
Scholar 
Code 
Discipline 
Report 
Ratnajeevan Hoole 
Sri Lanka 
Electrical 
This scholar is a senior professor of electrical and electronic engineering with more than 30 years of teaching 
009 
Engineering 
and research experience. His specialty is in computing, with a research focus in electromagnetic field 
computation/electrical product design. He holds a D.Sc. (Doctor of Science) from a university in the U.K. and a 
Ph.D. from a university in the U.S. Among other international posts, he has held the UNESCO Chair in 
Information Technology at a university in Sri Lanka. He has authored several books and over 100 journal 
articles in his field of engineering as well as in the humanities and social sciences. In March 2006, the scholar 
was appointed Vice Chancellor at the University of Jaffna, a move that was countered by much opposition 
from groups sympathetic to the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) in a part of the country that has been 
plagued by a long-term cessation conflict. The scholar was warned not to take up the position by groups 
believing that he was sympathetic to the University Teachers for Human Rights, Jaffna (UTHR-J), which 
reported on human rights abuses committed by those on all sides of the conflict, including alleged abuses of the 
LTTE. Fearing for his safety, the scholar and his wife fled to the U.S. where he served as a visiting professor in 
the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department at Drexel University through the spring term 2007. The 
scholar has taken up a full professorship at the Reinsellar Polytechnic Institute's Hartford campus. 
HATypingMRScholar Notes-011910.wpd 
011910/cmr(i) 
EFTA00729989

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729990.pdf
----------------------------------------
Scholz AC Esslingen 
Consolidated Accounts 31 December 2008 
ASSETS 
(31.12.2007) 
A. Fixed assets 
Euro '000 
Euro'000 
I. Intangible assets 
Computing Software 
2,642 
2,737 
Goodwill 
67,100 
41,601 
On-account payments 
415 
70,157 
44,338 
II. Tangible assets 
Buildings/real estate 
343,776 
261,659 
Technical equipment & Machinery 
153,728 
96,101 
Other plant. factory & office equipment 
64,280 
54,633 
On account payments and constructions in progress 
55,635 
26,747 
617,419 
439,140 
III. Financial assets 
Shares in related companies 
42,222 
35,519 
Loans to related companies 
24,439 
6,295 
Investments 
in associated companies 
1,243 
2,701 
others 
15,568 
76,677 
Loans to invest= companies 
6,079 
7,076 
Securities incl. in non-current assets 
34,499 
1,476 
Other loans 
4,352 
1,011 
Claims arising from life insurance 
1,820 
1,522 
130,222 
132,907 
817,798 
616,385 
B. Current assets 
I. Stocks 
Raw material, consumables and supplies 
59,293 
65,085 
Work in process 
17,683 
24,714 
Finesbed goods and merchandise 
315,536 
328,322 
On-account payments 
35,373 
18,913 
On-account payments received on order 
-518 
-1,024 
427,367 
436,010 
II. Debetors and other assets 
Trade debtors 
153,860 
284,678 
Amounts due from related companies 
46,607 
36,684 
Amounts due from investee companies 
73,854 
71,684 
Other assets 
79,120 
84,475 
353,441 
477,521 
111.. Cash in hand and cash at banks 
6Z066 
80,308 
842,874 
993,839 
C. Prepayments and deferred charges 
Discount 
Other prepaid expenses 
3,549 
2,446 
3,647 
2,523 
1.664,319 
1.612,747 
EFTA00729990
--- PAGE 2 ---
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
(31.12.2007) 
A. Equity 
Euro '000 
Euro'000 
F. Subscribed capital 
50,000 
50,000 
Revenue reserves 
5,000 
5,000 
55,00(1 
55,000 
III. Difference from consolidation 
221 
341 
IV. Difference from currency exchange rage 
- 10,582 
4,950 
V. Deferred Item from other interest 
111,131 
98,911 
Vi consolidated account result 
158,241 
183,823 
259,011 
288,025 
314,011 
343,025 
B. Reserves 
Reserves for Investment subsidies 
6,861 
1,287 
C. Accruals 
Provisions for pensions and similar 
7,336 
6,617 
Tax accruals 
32,263 
47,578 
Other accruals 
46,991 
41,262 
85,590 
95,457 
D. Liabilities 
Amounts due to banks 
908.673 
839,511 
- 
maturity up to I year 451,816k (previous year 176,069k) 
- 
maturity more then 5 years 30,891k (previous year I6,992k) 
On-account payments received on orders (maturity up to I year) 
1,521 
1,049 
Trade creditors (maturity up to I year) 
175,542 
213,497 
Bills of exchange payable'own acceptance (maturity up to 1 year) 
Amounts due to related companies (maturity up to I year 
8,574 
7,312 
Amounts due to invcstee companies (maturity up to I year) 
2,820 
26,614 
Other liabilities 
161,825 
82,081 
- there of maturiy of up to I year 134,437k (previous year 70,212k) 
- there of for taxes 8.123k (previous year 8.224k) 
- there of social security costs 1,206k (previous year 1,375) 
1.254,964 
1.170,079 
E. Prepayments and deferred charges 
1,893 
2,899 
1.664,319 
1.612,747 
EFTA00729991

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729992.pdf
----------------------------------------
Science 
1. Ed Wilson 
2. Martin novak , corrina 
3. Roger shank 
4. Seth Lloyd 
5. Marvin minsky 
6. Hauser 
7. Kosslyn 
8. Richard axel 
9. Victoria stodden 
10. Boris nikolic 
11. Lisa randall 
12. Caippo 
13. Staone 
14. Melz 
15. Galernter 
16. Demasio 
17. Krauss 
18. Smolin 
19. Martin 
20. Murray 
21. West 
22. Edelman 
23. trivers 
24. hill 
25. s 
26. Barnaby 
27. Nathan wolfe 
28. Harper 
29. Tramo 
30. Churc 
31. Randall 
32. Pablos 
33. Dubno 
34. Wilson 
John deitch, john hammersay, norm Augustine, maha david, george heilman. Samir 
bramashira„ Henrietta fore. John rogers. Adam and Joel cohen , jim simon ibm ,1,/ 
Samir Brahmashari 
George Heilmeyer 
35. SCIENCE FINDER harper barnably, stone, al, 
greene„stodden,axel,Melanie boris 
36. fances Arnold seckel, cristph koch, george whiteside. 
EFTA00729992

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729993.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE RE-STAINING/RE-FINISHING WORK 
All wood panels should have been made of the same type of wood. If it turns 
out that any of the wood is not consistent it should be replaced. In any event all 
wood should appear with consistent color and finish throughout the Library 
Cabinetry. Sand, strip and otherwise prepare the wood of which the Library 
Cabinetry is fabricated as necessary to remove "lime" or "acid treatment" and to 
remove glaze finish (which is neither completely nor consistently applied 
throughout the Library Cabinetry) and to bring back the natural wood finish. Create 
a variegated finish highlighting the carvings and bringing out the natural color of the 
wood of which the Library Cabinetry is fabricated. Complete with a wax finish. 
Wood should be sealed against the elements. Stain and finish of Library Cabinetry 
should be consistent with the highest quality standards for custom built, high-end, 
exquisitely carved, replica of antique cabinetry for a multi-million dollar structure. 
Attached hereto is a photograph to provide the basis for the required 
coloring of the Library Cabinetry. 
EFTA00729993
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00729994

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00729995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00729995.pdf
----------------------------------------
G6 Investigations, Consulting & Protection Group, Inc. 
ce Parkway, Weston, Florida 33326-3238 
• 1.800.320.0157 • Fax 954.302.6239 
FLLic. A-2600312 
Scott J. Israel 
Dedicated, motivated, and accomplished Law Enforcement professional 
with exceptional leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills 
N,
PRIMARY QUALIFYING CRITERIA 
• 
Senior-level law enforcement management professional with more than 30 years of 
community service: Demonstrated ability to exercise leadership and develop strategic 
plans for the successful delivery of Police Services 
• Proven ability to develop and nurture Strategic Community Policing partnerships and 
relationships with other police agencies, the City Commission, the community, media, 
governmental agencies and social service agencies, in order to enhance the development of 
successful Community Policing Programs 
• Possesses strategic vision and direction to provide a variety of traditional and innovative 
programs designed to encourage a productive partnership with the community 
• Advanced from the rank of police officer to executive level command staff, currently 
serving as the Chief of Police for the City of North Bay Village Police Department and former 
Community Support Captain, Homeland Security Director, and S.W.A.T. Team 
Commander for the Fort Lauderdale Police Department 
PROFESSIONAL ATTRIBUTES 
• Ability to convey vision, values and goals: Excellent written and verbal communication 
skills used to build strong interpersonal relations with internal and external stakeholders, 
resulting in the development of a solid community rapport and productive working 
partnerships 
• Seasoned Staff Manager and Developer: Successfully directs and motivates individuals 
and teams to produce optimum creativity and bottom-line performance in pursuit of 
organizational goals - A strong team player with the ability to build consensus and foster 
support 
• Budget Management: Proven ability to effectively develop and manage budgets, and 
maximize effective utilization of available resources 
• Committed to the principles and practices of Community Policing problem solving 
programs and advanced leadership training. 
• Proven ability to promote and maintain effective working relationships with union 
representatives, governmental and elected officials, civic leaders, minority groups, 
professional organizations, community groups, and other special interest groups 
• Knowledgeable and experienced in all aspects of police hiring, training, diversity issues, 
and policy development 
Investigations & Consulting, • Providing the Highest Standard of Quality Service 
EFTA00729995
--- PAGE 2 ---
• A respected record as a fair and consistent disciplinarian, as well as, an advocate for front-
line officers 
• Able to maintain the highest level of professionalism and remain focused, while working 
under high stress and/or life threatening situations 
• Appointed to Governor Bush's Southeast Regional Anti-Terrorism Task Force 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Broward County, Florida: 2008 
• 
Democratic Nominee for the Sheriff of Broward County, Florida in the November 2008 
Election 
• 
Won the Democratic Primary in August of 2008 
North Bay Village Police Department: 2004-2008 
Chief of Police 
• Reports directly to the City Manager regarding the day-to-day management, 
• administration and operation of the Police Department 
• Responsible for leading all members of the organization and ensuring the successful 
operation of a project management system to promote the safety and well being of the 
Community and its residents 
• Acts as a liaison between the City Commission, City Manager, outside law enforcement 
and governmental agencies, union officials, citizen and community groups and the 
Police Department 
• Represents the City of North Bay Village at various functions 
• Developed policies, procedures and regulations for the Police Department by virtue of 
authoring a Policies and Procedures Manual and a comprehensive City Hurricane Plan 
• Created the first North Bay Village Police Athletic/Activities League, Inc. 
Achievements: 
• Took a positive approach with Command Staff to influence new areas of exploration 
• Maintained confidence in leadership to promote employee morale and instill teamwork 
within the Police Department and throughout the City 
• Provided skills and experience in leadership and management necessary to change the 
culture of the Police Department 
Fort Lauderdale Police Department: 1979 to 2004 
Community Support Captain/S.W.A.T. Team Commander (1999-2004) 
Direct, administer, and manage daily activities within the Community Support 
Division, including the Police Department's Special Weapons and Tactics Team. 
Responsible for the operation of the following units: 
• Community Support 
• Homeland Security 
• Canine (Criminal Apprehension, Drug and Bomb Detection) 
• Traffic Homicide 
• Traffic Safety Component 
• Marine Patrol 
• Dive Team 
Investigations & Consulting, • Providing the Highest Standard of Oua/ity Service 
EFTA00729996
--- PAGE 3 ---
• Bomb Squad 
• Crisis Negotiation Team 
Directed a Staff consisting of 25 Supervisors and over 200 law enforcement personnel 
Achievements: 
• Authored the Fort Lauderdale Police Departments Weapons of Mass Destruction 
Standard Operating Procedures Manual and instituted interagency training throughout the 
City 
• Developed and implemented Rapid Responder Course, focusing on the Departments 
response to an active shooter 
• Assisted in the formulation and successful continuation of the Fort Lauderdale Police 
Department's Community Policing Initiative 
• Formed the Broward County S.W.A.T. Commanders Association 
• Established a comprehensive S.W.A.T. Medic Program and ensured the placement of six 
highly trained medics on the S.W.A.T. Team. Additionally, increased the S.W.A.T. Team 
Roster from 31 members to 44 members through training and the development of a 
complete and inclusive Departmental S.W.A.T. Operator School 
• Managed $7.5 million of the Fort Lauderdale Police Department's $70 million budget 
• Instructed a total of 14 Citizen Police Academy Classes and graduated over 500 residents 
• Participated in the successful negotiation for a City of Fort Lauderdale//Fraternal Order of 
Police Labor Agreement 
• Continued the successful grant application process, which resulted in the award of 
approximately $1 million in grants to support a myriad of programs 
Patrol Division Captain/ Operations Bureau (1996-1999) 
Directed and administered all uniformed police services for the Central Beach Community, 
Southeast and Southwest Communities in the most diverse City District with a population of 
46,000 residents encompassing the entire demographics of Downtown and Midtown Fort 
Lauderdale 
Managed and directed a staff consisting of nine supervisors and over 100 law enforcement 
personnel. 
Achievements: 
• Conducted a six month study and review of the Police Department's Communications 
Center and successfully implemented over 50 changes 
• Implemented and assessed Departmental Policies and Procedures 
• Achieved a significant crime reduction in District II of the City of Fort Lauderdale during 
three-year tenure as Captain of the District 
6/ Investigations & Consulting, • Providing the Highest Standard of Onto, Service 
EFTA00729997
--- PAGE 4 ---
• Commanded a District in which Part One Crimes were reduced by 46%, property crimes 
by 49%, and violent crimes by 28% 
• Initiated the development of a Tactical Impact Unit to investigate gang related activity and 
felonies in progress on a district level, which was later adopted by other departments. 
• Supervised successful crime reduction and community enhancement initiatives through 
combined efforts of the Police Department, Fire Rescue, and other Public Service 
organizations. 
• Developed and maintained successful partnerships with the Florida Department of 
Corrections, the United States Secret Service, Drug Enforcement Administration, Federal 
Bureau of Investigation, and many other Federal, State, and Municipal agencies. 
Narcotics Unit Sergeant/Special Investigations Division (1995-1996) 
rvi d Detectives assigned to the South Florida High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area 
( 
.) Group - Led a task force in conducting detailed investigations of organized drug 
trafficking groups 
Investigators assigned to the unit developed informants, conducted surveillance, executed 
search warrants, and operated in undercover capacities. Prosecuted criminals on a State and 
Federal level 
Street Level Narcotics Sergeant/Special Investigations Division (1993-1995) 
Supervised a Street Level Drug Enforcement Unit. Directed officers assigned to the 
Unit in conducting investigations that targeted street level drug dealers and prostitutes. 
Achievements: 
• Coordinated enforcement efforts between officers and homeowner groups and reduced 
the negative impact of narcotics within their neighborhoods 
• Instructed the Citizen's Police Academy - Syllabus inclusive of Community Policing and 
Narcotics Enforcement 
• Collaborated with Federal, State and Local Jurisdictions to enforce all applicable 
narcotics laws and develop aftercare programs 
• 
Patrol Division Sergeant/Operations Bureau (1991-1993) 
Supervised uniformed patrol officers in all three police districts of the City of Fort Lauderdale -
Special duties included the planning and organizing of the Department's response to special 
events. Supervised a plainclothes unit responsible for proactive surveillance and stakeout 
assignments. 
Special Problems Unit Police Officer/Operations Bureau (1986-1991) 
Assigned to the Fort Lauderdale Beach District. Responsibilities included the reduction of 
Part I Crimes, traffic enforcement and problem-solving initiatives. 
Assigned as "Sergeant-in-Charge" during the peak of the City's "Spring Break" years 
Narcotics Detective/Organized Crime Division (1980-1986) 
Investigations & Consulting, • Providing the Highest Standard of Out°, Service 
EFTA00729998
--- PAGE 5 ---
Operated in an undercover capacity and conducted investigations targeted toward major 
narcotics traffickers and importation groups 
Achievements: 
Recognized as an Expert Witness in the field of narcotics investigations in the Circuit Court for 
the 17th Judicial Circuit, Broward County, State of Florida 
Served as the Police Department's Liaison with the United States Drug Enforcement 
Administration 
Patrol Division Police Officer/Operations Bureau (1979-1980) 
Patrol Division, Tactical Patrol, and Beach Community Problems. Performed standard 
uniformed patrol duties with experience in all three police districts of the City of Fort Lauderdale. 
EDUCATION 
Bachelor of Arts Degree/Political Science —1977 
Cortland State University, Cortland, New York 
F.B.I. National Academy, 212th Session 
Special Training Certificates 
Weapons of Mass Destruction Incident Management/Unified Command 
Texas 
University System, Texas Engineering Extension Service (TEEX), National 
Emergency Response and Rescue Training Center (NERRTC), 2002 
Advanced Tactical Management for Commanders 
International Association of Chiefs of Police, 2001 
S.W.A.T. Manager's Advanced Course 
National Tactical Officers Association, 2001 
Incident Command System Course for Executives 
Florida Department of Forestry, 2001 
S.W.A.T. Supervisors Advanced Tactics and Management 
International Association of Chiefs of Police, 2000 
Leadership Fort Lauderdale 
Greater Fort Lauderdale Chamber of Commerce, 1999 
Southern Police Institute 
Line Supervision Development Course, 1992 
Investigations & Consulting, • Providing the Highest Standard of Out°, Service 
EFTA00729999
--- PAGE 6 ---
Broward County Institute of Criminal Justice 
Graduated 1979, Florida Police Officer Certificate (Honor Graduate) 
Professional Courses/Seminars 
Approximately 1,500 hours of certified leadership, management, administration, and 
technical training. 
PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS 
International Association of Chiefs of Police (IACP) 
National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives (NOBLE) 
Dade County Chiefs of Police Association 
Florida Police Chiefs Association 
International Narcotic Enforcement Officers Association 
National Tactical Officers Association 
Florida Tactical Officers Association 
Fraternal Order of Police 
Founding Member of the Broward County S.W.A.T. Commanders Association 
South Florida Shomrim Society 
Florida Crime Prevention Association 
Crime Prevention Coalition of America 
AWARDS 
Recipient of Dade County Police Benevolent Association 2005 Police Chief of the Year 
Award 
Recipient of 19 Departmental and 40 Public Letters of Commendation 
Recognition of Appreciation, Florida Department of Law Enforcement, 2004 
Coordination of Law Enforcement's Response to the Free Trade Area of the Americas 
(FTAA) Miami Conference 
Recognition of Appreciation United States Marshall Service Southern District of Florida 2001 
Turn Around Fort Lauderdale Citizen's Award, 1997 
Recognition of Appreciation, United States DEA, Fort Lauderdale Office, 1996 
Resolution of Appreciation - Dorsey Riverbend Homeowner's Association, 1994 
Outstanding Recruit in Physical Achievement/Broward Police Academy, 1979 
REFERENCES 
Available Upon Request 
Investigations & Consulting, • Providing the Highest Standard of Out°, Service 
EFTA00730000

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730001.pdf
----------------------------------------
ROTHSTEIN, DONATELLI, HUGHES, DAHLSTROM, SCHOENBURG & BIENVENU, LLP 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
PETER SCHOENBURG 
FAX: 505.242.7845 
pschoenburg©rothsteinlaw.com 
July 30, 2010 
Regina Chacon 
Department of Public Safety 
P.O. Box 1628 
Santa Fe, NM 87504-1628 
VIA U.S. MAIL & FACSIMILE TO (505) 827-3399 
RE: 
Your letter of July 23, 2010 to Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Re: SORNA 
Dear Ms. Chacon: 
Thank you for speaking with me again today, July 30, 2010, regarding your letter 
to Jeffrey Epstein dated July 23, 2010. Since my client and I are concerned that he acts in 
a way that is consistent with both state and federal SORNA requirements, I am setting out 
my understanding of our conversation. 
The July 23, 2010 letter is a form letter sent out to every offender, and the local 
Sheriff's Office, about whom New Mexico receives notice from another state, regardless 
of the qualifying offense(s). The letter does not reflect a determination by your office that 
Mr. Epstein actually qualifies under NM law as an offender who is required to report. I 
understand that you will ask your assistant Theresa Hernandez to look into the materials 
attached to my fax, gather any additional materials needed, and make your own 
determination whether Mr. Epstein has a New Mexico state SORNA reporting obligation. 
I will await your determination of that issue. 
As you know, Mr Epstein has only recently been released from service of his 
sentence and has not visited NM since his conviction in Florida. I understand there is no 
requirement, under any circumstances, to make a special trip to New Mexico to register, 
even if the out-of-state offender is required to register under New Mexico law. 
Registration with the Santa Fe Sherriff within ten days of his next visit to the state is 
sufficient for all purposes. I also now understand that after his first registration, a follow-
up annual registration appearance must be made before December 31 of each calendar 
year (beginning December 31, 2011), if Jeffrey visits in that calendar year. 
500 4TH STREET N.W. SUITE 400 • ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO 87102 
SANTA FE • ALBUQUERQUE • TAOS • PHOENIX 
EFTA00730001
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thank you for clarifying those issues for me. I stand ready to send you any 
additional material that might help you make your determination whether Mr. Epstein is 
an offender who is required to register under New Mexico law. Thank you for your 
accessibility and willingness to answer my questions. If I have misinterpreted our 
conversation in any way, please let me know immediately. 
PETER SCHOENBURG 
Attorney At Law 
PS/cls 
Cc: 
Rosemary McCourt 
New Mexico Public Safety Department 
P.O. Box 1628 
Santa Fe, NM 87504-1628 
EFTA00730002
--- PAGE 3 ---
ROTHSTEIN, DONATELLI, HUGHES, DAHLSTROM & SCHOENBURG, Lu. 
 Attorngs at Low  
PETER SCHOENBURG 
TO: 
COPY TO: 
FROM: 
RE: 
FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION COVER SHEET 
The attached document is being transmitted: 
Regina Chacon 
Peter Schoenburg 
TEL: 505/243-1443 
FAX: 5051242-7845 
rothlawabq(ajaoLcom 
FAX No. 
(505) 827-3399 
FAX No. 
DATE/TIME: 
July 30, 2010 
5:01 pm 
TOTAL NUMBER OF PAGES (INCLUDING THIS SHEET): 
THE ORIGINAL OF THIS DOCUMENT: 
DOCUMENT(S) SENT/MESSAGE: 
Will Be Sent by Regular Mail 
Will Be Sent by Federal Express 
Will Not Be Sent 
Other 
X 
The information contained in this transmission is privileged, confidential and intended only for the use of the individual or 
entity named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify ROTHSTEIN, DONATELLI, HUGHES, 
DAHLSTROM 8 SCHOENBURG, LLP, immediately by telephone, collect, and retum the original message to us at the address 
shown below via the U.S. Postal Service. You will be reimbursed for the required postage. Thank you. 
Operator 
Sent: 
SANTA FE.TEMPE.ALBUQUEROUE.TAOS 
500 FOURTH STREET NW.SUITE 40O.ALBUOUEROUE. NEW MEXICO 87102 
EFTA00730003
--- PAGE 4 ---
07/30/2010 18:11 FAX 
ROTHSTEIN LAW 
ool 
s ******* *444/n44444st 
sat 
TX REPORT 
ass 
TRANSMISSION OK 
TX/RI NO 
0484 
RECIPIENT ADDRESS 
15058273399p7730 
DESTINATION ID 
ST. TIME 
07/30 18:10 
TIME USE 
00'34 
PAGES SENT 
RESULT 
OK 
ROTHSTEIN, DONATELLI, HUGHES, DAHLSTROM & SCHOENBURG, LLP 
PETERSCHOENBURG 
, ltiontry at Law 
TEL: 505/243-1443 
FAX: 505/242-7845 
rothlawabqtd;a01.coni 
FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION COVER SHEET 
The attached document is being transmitted: 
TO: 
Regina Chacon 
FAX No. 
(505) 827-3399 
COPY TO: 
FAX No. 
FROM: 
Peter Schoenburg 
DATE/TIME: 
July 30. 2010 
5:01 pm 
RE: 
TOTAL NUMBER OF PAGES (INCLUDING THIS SHEET): 
THE ORIGINAL OF THIS DOCUMENT: 
DOCUMENT(S) SENT/MESSAGE: 
Will Be Sent by Regular Mail 
Will Be Sent by Federal Express 
Will Not Be Sent 
Other 
X 
EFTA00730004

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730005.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN IC INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
July 27, 2009 
VIA E-MAIL 
Denise Francois, Esq. 
Hodge & Francois 
1340 Taarneberg 
Charlotte Amalie 
St Thomas, USVI 00802 
Re: 
Charter Agreement between 
Boyson, Inc. and L.S.J., LLC 
Dear Denise: 
It has been three weeks since I wrote to you on July 6, 2009 requesting a 
resolution of the issues relating to the Boyson Charter Agreement We have spoken 
several times each week since I sent you my letter, and each time you informed me 
that you had not yet received any response from Boyson, but that you would call 
your client again to request a response. 
While I join in your desire to resolve this matter amicably, we obviously 
cannot do so without Boyson's input. As I stated in my letter, a refund of the 
$70,619.20 paid by LSJ to refurbish the Auto-Transit would be in everyone's best 
interests. LSJ has requested a response by no later than Friday, July 31, 2009. 
Please speak to your client and let me know how Boyson wishes to proceed. 
Sincerely, 
Darren K. lndyke 
EFTA00730005

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730006.pdf
----------------------------------------
Revenues 
Projected
# 
• 
% Dec 
projected 
% Inc 
- 
_ 
2019 
/01. 
Seed Media 
495 938 
005 552 
32.78% 
449 785 
143.63% 
Science Blip .s 
641 545 
398 036 
37.96% 
■ Planet 
- 
- 
Magazine ended in May / June 2009 
I 
Pro'ected 
Seed Customers 
clio of Revenue 
2009 
211 
GE 
23% 
87% 
58% 
Brockman 
6% 
Aglient 
4% 
Misc 
14% 
3% 
Schering Plough 
6% 
__ 
__ 
Kaiser Permanete 
3% 
Magazines 
13% 
Conferences 
18% 
Licensing 
14% 
Ipad Sales 
11% 
Council on Competiveness 
40% 
Totals 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Comments: 
2011 Revenue forecast is very aggressive - 1,500,000 seems more realistic 
GE is to large a % of revenue and company has no diversification 
No re • eat business from customers which is not a ood si • n 
Cash Flow 
Nov 20th cash balance was 25,000 
CFO claims that projected negative cash flow from 11 23-1 31 2010 
is 250,000 (Seed -$0 Science Blogs 125,000 and Planet 125 000 
2011 Seed Cash flow even with 2,450,000 revenue is projected to be (661,427) 
That number includes a salary of 175,000 for adam which I would eliminate so revised 
■ fl • ure would be 
I 
-486427 
I 
L 
Conclusion: In a perfect world 750,000 'nvestment only allows you to continue to 
be in business until 2012 no Interest on Investment / extra mone to re 
300k 
adam borrowed 
■ 
i 
Partner Is aware of financial situation and will not •ut any more mone In 
Development has been halted due to lack of funds 
... 
Sale did not happen since there was no buyers - asking price was 2 000,000 
Sales •rocess was done online and no offers were made 
Attempting to shut down by end of 2010 which is unrealistic and comes with costs 
Burda invested 2,500,000 on August 7th 2007 for 30% and based on sales fl. ures Seed 
will get $0 upon sale therefore they are trying to negotiate a better s. lit 
80 b . • •ers on contract with only 3 Employees 
Adam believes business is worth 1,500 000 
Adam claims that National Geographic wants to take over operation of Science Blo s 
effective January 1, 2011 
r-
EFTA00730006
--- PAGE 2 ---
_payroll Taxes 
2009 Paid in Full on all companies 
2010 Unpaid for Seed Media, Science Blogs, & Planet 
Payroll used to be done by Intuit but they switched to manual 
by accountant when they decided to sto paying payroll taxes 
and withholding 
I 
Plan is to pay IRS over 60 months however NYS is much more difficult to make 
a deal with 
Every owner / director is ersonally liable for payroll taxes 
projected 
with interest 
as of 
& enalties 
• 
121 • 
12/31/2010 
$324,036.
J75,129 
736 
$380,000 
$109,000 
$135,000 
Seed Media 
Science Blogs 
Planet 
Total 
$490,901 
$624,000 
NOTE: Totals do not include interest or aenalties which 
could amount to another 100,000 in total 
I 
Bankruptcy Scenario 
Payroll Taxes 
$624,000 
Factor 
$120,000 
Landlord 
$100,000 
Legal 
$100,000 
Miscellaneous 
S56.000 
Total Bankruptcy Cost 
$1,000,000 
Total Dollars 
Raised 
Ownership Structure & capital Contrillutions 
,5eed Media 
see attached schedule 
!pity 
$ 23,920,000 
waiting on ownership percentages 
debt 
$ 
5,010,665 
Science Blogj 
subtotal 
$ 28 930 665 
Seed Media 
70% 
Burda 
30% via 2,500,000 investment 8/7/2007 
2,500,000 
National Geographic 
Invested 250,000 via promissory note 11/16/2009 
$ 
250,000 I 
subtotal 
$ 
2,750,000 I 
note due 11/16/2012 with interest at 1 ear libor 
and
Seed 
55% Exempli (che 
In 2008) 
$ 
3,000,000 
45% via 
TOTAL FUNDS RAISED - DEBT & EQUITY 
$ 34,680,665
I
I 
I 
EFTA00730007
--- PAGE 3 ---
Miscellaneous Notes 
____ 
i
L
Adam 300,000 loan went towards working capital 
Line of credit 9 12% was for 400,000 and raised by Innovium 
Innovium trying to raise money for company 
Walnut is funded from SBIC (government) and is out of funds 
Excuse for lack or revenues is that Adam is spending all his time trying to raise funds 
Status of Fabian (230,000) a former employee
f
that had an employment agreement 
with a 6 month severance period 
Trying to cut deal to pay only 2 months since he has a new job 
Office Lease 
Rents 3,500 square feet at cost of 18,623 per month or 
PayiLig $63.85per sq ft which is approximately_$10-$15 above market 
{ 
$10 per sq ft above x 6 years remaining 
210000 
$15 per sq ft above x 6 years remaining 
315000 
Signed 10 year lease in 2007 at height of market which expires on October 31, 2017 
Made settlement on 7th floor with Adam giving personal guarantee 
Future rent obligations 
Rent per 
per Month 
$18,262.60 
Aunpaii;ed
$219,151.20 
So Ft 
$62.61 
11/1/2010 - 10/31/2011 
11/1/2011 - 10/31/2012 
$18,673.51 $224,082.12 
$64.02 
11/1/2012 - 19/31/2013 
$19,926.99 $239,123.88 
$68.32 
11/1/2013 - 10/31/2014 
$20,375.35 $244,504.20 
$69.86 
11/1/2014 - 10/31/2015 
$20,833.80 $250,005.60 
$71.43 
11/1/2015 - 10/31/2016 
$21,302.56 $255,630.72 
$73.04 
11/1/2016 - 10/31/2017 
$21,781.86 $261,382.32 
$74.68 
Audit Committee 
Innovium - Jamie M 
. 
Innovium - Julie 
Walnut - Jimmy 
Adam Sly 
EFTA00730008
--- PAGE 4 ---
Proiected Cash Flow 2011 - 2012 
seed Media Group L1
frprifIdential 
SaiBsolm 
W :L-1, 
Feb-11
MIS 
API:11 t;LI 
Jun-11
181-11 
&F.ti 
ULU 
Sall 
asal 
Mal 
Digital Media • GE 
85,250 
85,250 
85,250 
85,250 
109,500 
97,375 
97,375 
I 
85,250 
85,250 
85,250 
85,250 
85,250 1,071,500 
Digital Media • Wad Sales & Advertising 
5,000 
5,000 
15,000 
15,000 
20,000 
32,475 I 
32,475 
32,475 
34,970 
34,970 
34,970 
262,335 
Visualization 
10,000 
10,000 
35,000 
22,500 
47,500 
22,500 
52,500 
27,500 
52,500 
27,500 
27,500 
15,000 
350.000 
licensing 
4,250 
4,250 
29,250 
4,250 
4,250 
34,250 
4,250 
4,250 
34,250 
4,250 
34,250 
169,250 
331,000 
Conferences 
45,000 
50,000 
50,000 
95,000 
149,950 
45,000 
434,950 
Total Cash Receipts 
99,500 
149,500 
204,500 
177,000 
271,250 
324,075 
186,600 I 
149,475 
204,475 
196,970 
181,970 
304,470 2,449,785 
Curnmulative 
99,500 
249,000 
453,500 
630,500 
901,750 
1.225,825 1,412,425 I 1,561,900 1,766,375 1,963,345 2,145,315 2,449,785 
Cash Owl 
Operating 
Digital Media .22k payroll 
30,281 
42,081 
44,081 
49,081 
35,831 
33,331 
33,331 
33,081 
33,081 
33,081 
33,081 
33,081 
433,420 
Visualization- 3.2k payroll 
3,730 
3,730 
11,230 
11.230 
11,230 
11,230 
11,230 
11,230 
11,230 
11,230 
3,730 
3,730 
104,760 
licensing - 1.1k payroll 
14,073 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
166,130 
Conferences 
500 
50,500 
15,500 
10,500 
45,500 
500 
500 
500 
500 
35,500 
500 
500 
161,000 
G&A - Payroll & Related 
64,608 
64,150 
64,150 
64,150 
64,150 
64,150 
64,150 
64,150 
64,150 
64,150 
64,150 
64,150 
770,258 
G&A • Consulting & Professional 
11,750 
21,750 
21,750 
16.750 
11,750 
11,750 
16,750 I 
11,750 
11,750 
11,750 
11,750 
11,750 
171,000 
G&A • OperatIN & Administrative 
26,020 
26,020 
26,020 
26,020 
26,020 
26,020 
26,020 
26,020 
26,020 
53,020 
26,431 
27,281 
340.907 
Total Cash Outlays 
150,962 
222,054 
196,554 
191554 
208,304 
160,804 
165,804 I 
164584 
160,554 
222,554 
153,465 
154,315 2,147,47S 
Net Cash From Operations 
I (51,462) 
(72,554) 
7,946 
(14,554) 
62,946 
163,271 
20,796 
(11,0791,
43,921 
(25,584) 
28,505 
150,155 
302,310 
Cummulative 
I (51,462) (124,016) (116,070) (130,623) 
(67,677) 
95,594 
116,390 
105,312 
149,233 
123,649 
152,154 
302,310 
Nc
s•OftuSgatligaarsau 
Jan-11 
Feb-1! 
1812:11 
898:21 
21.4 
bail 
&La , boWI 
Sea11 
gan 
Nov-fl 
(
-11 
'mg 
Settlement Meringoff 
24,004 
19,826 
7,824 
7,824 
7,824 
7,824 
23,472 
98,597 
Settlement, Versant 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
120.000 
Severance Obligations 
15,000 
7,500 
7,500 
30,000 
Interest payments, Sly 
5,096 
5,095 
5.095 
5.095 
5,095 
5.095 
5,095 
5,095 
5,095 
5,095 
5,095 
5,095 
61,140 
illStOritil Payables, Seed Media Group LLC 
25,000 
25,000 
25,000 
25,000 
25,000 
25,000 
25,000 
25,000 
25,000 
25,000 
25,000 
25,000 
300,000 
Trade Payables, Seed Media Group, Overdu 
15,000 
15,000 
15,000 
15,000 
15,000 
15,000 
15,000 
15,000 
15,000 
15,000 
15,000 
15,000 
180,000 
Trade Payables, kienceWide, Overdue 
5,000 
5,000 
5,000 
5,000 
5,000 
25,000 
Payments, Payroll Tax 2010 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
120,000 
Payments, itS8C credit card balances 
1,500 
1,500 
1,500 
1,500 
1,500 
1,500 
2,500 
2,500 
2,500 
3,500 
4,000 
5,000 
29,000 
Total RnancingjinvesUng Outlays 
110,599 
86,421 
86,919 
74,419 
86,919 
74,419 
96,067 
67,595 
72,595 
68,595 
69,095 
70,095 
963,737 
NET CASH FLOW from Operations and Other 
(162,061) (158,975) 
(78,973) 
(88,973) 
(23,973) 
88,852 
(7%2n 
(76,674) 
(28,674) 
(94,179) 
(40,590) 
80,060 
(661,427) 
CurnmulatIve 
(162,061) (321,035) (400,008) (488,981) (512,953) 
(424,101) 
(499,371) (578,045) 
(606,719) 
(700,898) 
(741,487) (661,427) 
EFTA00730009
--- PAGE 5 ---
ifiroiected 
(Seed 
Cash Flow 2011- 201j
Media Group RC 
Confidential 
Cash Rees) 
- S 
Ethit
iUt
ar
nin
agrzla
Mw-U 
Jun-12 
JS -12 
- 
Oct-12
Nov-12 
Dec-12 
Dig 
Digital Media • GE 
72,750 
72,750 
72,750 
72,750 
84,875 
84,875 
72,750 
72,750 
72,750 
72,750 
72,750 
921,500 
97,000 
!Digital Mesa - Wad Sales & Advertising 
37,465 
37,465 
37,465 
37.465 
39,960 
39,960. 
39,960 
47,455 
47,455 
42,455 
44,950 
44.950 
497,005 
:Visualization 
40,000 
52,500 
40,000 
52,500 
52,500 
45,000 
32,500 
45,000 
32,500 
52,500 
27,500 
27,500 
500,000 
[Licensing 
34,250 
4,250 
39,250 
34,250 
4,250 
54,250 
34,250 
4,250 
54,250 
34,250 
54,250 
4,250 
356,000 
(Conferences 
45,000 
120,000 
75,000 
120,000 
234,920 
45,000 
45,000 
684,920 
Total Cash Receipts 
184,465 
211,965 
309,465 
271,965 
313,710 
459,005 
191,585 
169,455 
251,955 
246,955 
199,450 
149,450 2,959,425 
Curnmulative 
184,465 
396,430 
705.895 
977,860 1,291,570 1.750,575 1,942,160 2,111,615 2.363,570 2,610,525 2,809,975 2,959,425 
CO+ Disdain. Ogstagg 
Digital Media -22k payroll 
35,031 
42,531 
42,531 
42,531 
37,531 
35,031 
35,031 
35,031 
35,031 
35,031 
35,031 
35,031 
445,370 
Visualization - 3.2k payroll 
11,480 
18,980 
11,480 
11,480 
18,980 
3,980 
3,980 
11,480 
11,480 
11,480 
11,480 
11,480 
137,760 
Licensing - Ilk payroll 
23,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
13,823 
165,880 
Conferences 
SOO 
35,500 
35,500 
20,500 I 
55,500 
20,500 
20,500 
500 
35,500 
35,500 
SOO 
500 
261,000 
G&A - Payroll & Related 
71,483 
71,483 
71,483 
71,483 
71,483 
71,483 
71,483 
71,483 
71,483 
71,483 
71,483 
71,483 
857,800 
G&A • Consulting & Professional 
11,750 
21,750 
21,750 
16,750 
11,750 
11,750 
16,750 
11,750 
11,750 
11,750 
11,750 
11.750 
171,000 
. . 
G&A • Operating & Administrative 
26,431 
26,431 
26,431 
26,431 
26,431 
26,431 
26,431 
26,431 
26,431 
36,431 
27,684 
28,534 
330,523 
-
Total Cash Outlays 
170,498 
230,498 
222,998 
202,998 
235,498 
182,998 
187,998 
170,498 
205,498 
215,498 
171,751 
172,601 2,369,333 
Net Cash From Operations 
13,967 
(18,533) 
86,467 
68,967 
78,212 
276,007 
3,587 
(1,043) 
46.457 
31,457 
27,699 
(23,151) 
590,092 
Cummulative 
13,967 
(4,566) 
81,901 
150,868 
229,080 
505,087 
508,674 
507,631 
554,088 
585,545 
613,243 
590,092 
/Jon-Operating or Cash Only Items 
lain 
Edtli 
OW 
Air-f2 
Mit:12 
Jun-11 
ol
LS2
amit-11 
Seo-12
.M1-2
- .A - 
Pala 
Tot 
Settlement, Meringolf 
Settlement Versant 
6,000 
6,000 
Severance Obligations 
'Interest payments, Sly 
5,095 
5,095 
5,095 
5,095 
5,095 
5,095 
5,095 
5,095 
5,095 
5,095 
5,095 
5,095 
61,140 
:Historical Payables, Seed Media Group LLC 
'Wade Payables, Seed media Group, Overtly 
Trade Payables, ScienceWide, Overdue 
Payments, Payroll Tax 2010 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10.000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
10,000 
120,000 
Payments, WIC credit card balances 
Total Financing/InvestIng Outlays 
21,095 
13,095 
15,095 
15,095 , 
15,095 
15,095 
15,095 
15,095 
15,095 
15,095 
15,095 
15,095 
187,140 
I 
i 
NET CASH FLOW from Operations and Other 
(7,128) 
(33,628) 
71,372 
53,872 
63,117 
260,912 
(11,508) 
(16,138) 
31,362 
16,362 
12,604 
(38,246) 
402,952 
Commutative 
i 
(7,128) 
(40,756) 
30,616 
84,488 1 147,605 
408,517 
397,009 
380,871 
412,233 
428,595 
441,198 
402,952 
EFTA00730010
--- PAGE 6 ---
Seed Media Group LLC 
Revenue Assumptions - Projections 2011 - 2012 
Digital Media Revenue Assumptions 
o GE visualizing.org - $75k per month in retainer fees for 2011 and 2012. Current 
contract is up for renewal May 31, 2011. GE has indicated that it wishes to renew. 
o GE visualizing.org - new development for visualizing website assumed at $50k per 
year in both 2011 and 2012. 
o Ipad Application - we plan to develop an ipad app for Seed Magazine content and 
have assumed a $4.99 sales price with 20k customers by year end (based on Seed 
Magazine subscriber list on file). 
o Advertising - digital revenue from Seed and its properties; assumed at $200k for 
2011 and $250k for 2012. 
Visualization Revenue Assumptions 
o Designs - We assume $50k as the average contract size for each visualization and 
assume we will do 4 in 2011 and 6 in 2012 as one-off visualizations. Seed recently 
won a $50k visualization engagement from Amway who have indicated that they 
will want to do more. 
o Retainers - We are closing on a deal with Bausch & Lomb for a visualization 
platform with a $50k upfront payment for development and $10k monthly retainer 
for one year. 
Licensing Revenue Assumptions 
o McGraw Hill - We have pitched a content licensing deal with McGraw Hill at their 
request for a higher education life sciences digital portal that will launch in 2012. 
McGraw Hill has been quoted $330k for archival content; paid half in 2010 and the 
balance in 2011 and $120k per year for a three year future content deal beginning 
2012. These deal specs are incorporated into the attached projections. 
o Other Licensing - We will exploit other avenues for content licensing and have set a 
modest goal of $115k for 2011 and $185k for 2012. 
Conference Revenue Assumptions 
o Seed Science - Seed will begin hosting its own Science conferences starting in 2011. 
We have assumed a registration fee of $1999 per attendee with 50 paid attendees in 
2011 and 80 in 2012. The conferences will additionally be underwritten by 
corporate sponsorships projected at $200k in 2011 and $250k in 2012. 
o Visualizing.org Marathons - with one successful marathon under our belt, GE has 
indicated they will want to do 4 - 6 next year. We have assumed 3 in 2011 and 5 in 
2012. 
EFTA00730011
--- PAGE 7 ---
Seed Media Group 
10/15/10 
Cap Table 
Shares 
Issued 
% of 
Class 
Owned 
% of 
Issued 
Equity 
% of 
Diluted 
Equity 
Purchase 
Cost 
in US$ 
Common shares • 
5,000,000 
100.0% 
6.5% 
5.5% 
5,000,000 
Series A Preferred 
Innovium Media Properties 
4,263,173 
25.3% 
5.6% 
4.7% 
1,025,000 
All Other Investors 
12,581,556 
74.7% 
16.4% 
13.8% 
3,024,999 
Total: 
16,844,729 
100.0% 
21.9% 
18.5% 
$ 4,049,999 
Series B Preferred 
Innovium Media Properties 
10,552,605 
60.0% 
13.7% 
11.6% 
3,000,000 
Wexner Group 
7,035,070 
40.0% 
9.2% 
7.7% 
2,000,000 
Total: 
17,587,675 
100.0% 
22.9% 
19.3% 
$ 5,000,000 
Series C Preferred 
Innovium Media Properties 
26,599,617 
71.3% 
34.7% 
29.2% 
7,042,500 
All Other Investors 
10,718,391 
28.7% 
14.0% 
11.8% 
2,827,500 
Total: 
37,318,008 
100.0% 
34.7% 
29.2% 
$ 9,870,000 
Issued and Outstanding: 
76,75%412 
100.0% 
72.5% 
$ 23,919,999 
Management Participation Units " 
Adam Bly 
14,295,880 
15.7% 
Effective Fully-Diluted Shares: 
91,046,292 
100.0% 
$ 23,919,999 
18% Secured Loans 
Innovium Media Properties 
485,665 
56.4% 
3.6% 
All Other Investors 
375,000 
43.6% 
2.8% 
$ 
860,665 
100.0% 
6.4% 
12% Secured Extension Notes • 
4,000,000 
100.0% 
29.5% 
6% Unsecured Long-term Loans • 
$ 
150,000 
100.0% 
1.1% 
Accrued Dividends and Interest 
Innovium Media Properties 
2,980,107 
34.3% 
22.0% 
All Other Investors 
5,706,891 
65.7% 
42.1% 
$ 8,686,998 
100.0% 
64.1% 
All Debt Outstanding: 
$ 13,547,663 
100.0% 
$ 13,547,663 
Total Capitalization: 
$ 37,467,662 
Innovium Consolidated Ownership 
Equity 
Debt 
Innovium does not own any of this instrument 
25.6% 
45.5% 
EFTA00730012
--- PAGE 8 ---
Schedule A 
Seed Media Group LLC 
Limited Liability Company Agreement 
List of Members, Capital Contributions, and Units 
(as of December 15, 2009) 
Capital 
Name and Address of Members 
Contribution 
Units 
Innovium Media Properties Corp. 
$7,042,500 
26,599,617 Series C Preferred 
130 Adelaide Street West 
Suite 3210 
$3,000,000 
10,552,605 Series B Preferred 
Toronto, Ontario M5H 3P5 
$1,025,000 
4,263,173 Series A Preferred 
Wexner Children's Trust H 
$1,360,500 
5,212,644 Series C Preferred 
551 Madison Avenue, 9th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
$2,000,000 
7,035,070 Series B Preferred 
Walnut Private Equity Fund. ■. 
$860,000 
3,295,019 Series C Preferred 
312 Walnut Street, Suite 1150 
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202 
$1,220,000 
5,074,214 Series A Preferred 
John Porter 
$500,000 
1,724,138 Series C Preferred 
David B. Peterson Trust 
do Mr. Paul Newman 
$104,000 
398,467 Series C Preferred 
Peterson Management 
712 Fifth Avenue, 48th Floor, 
New York, NY 10019 
Steven Hirth 
$50,000 
191,571 Series C Preferred 
Hauser 46 LLC 
$20,500 
78,544 Series C Preferred 
8260 Northcreek Drive, Suite 200 
Cincinnati, OH 45236 
Hauser Davis Tysoe LLC 
$20,500 
78,544 Series C Preferred 
8260 Northcreek Drive, Suite 200 
Cincinnati, OH 45236 
Joys Omnimedia Corporation Inc. 
$575,000 
2,391,536 Series A Preferred 
West 21'r Street, 7th Floor 
New York, NY 10010 
$5,000,000 
5,000,000 Common 
30669414 
EFTA00730013
--- PAGE 9 ---
4230094 Canada Inc. 
Place Ville-Marie, Suite 2125 
Montreal, QC H3B 2C6 
$400,000 
1,663,676 Series A Preferred 
Walnut Investment Partners, Ill 
312 Walnut Street, Suite 1150 
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202 
$305,000 
1,268,553 Series A Preferred 
88650 Canada Ltd. 
c/o Spiegel Sohmer Inc. 
Place Ville-Marie, Suite 1203 
Montreal, Quebec H3B 2G2 
$125,000 
519,899 Series A Preferred 
Beneficial Capital Corp. 
P. O. Box 40A 
Villanova, PA 19085 
$100,000 
419.919 Series A Preferred 
Mercury Trade International Ltd. 
P.O. Box F 42475 
Freeport, Bahamas 
$100,000 
419,919 Series A Preferred 
Mirth Family LLC 
West 44th Street, Suite 1412 
New York, NY 10036 
$100,000 
419.919 Series A Preferred 
Dan Burstein 
$50,000 
207,960 Series A Preferred 
Paradigm Ventures 
1609 Via Arriba 
Palos Verdes Estates, CA 90274 
$50,000 
207,960 Series A Preferred 
Adam BI 
Services 
rendered to the 
Company 
14,295,880 Participation Units 
Tot, 
Alec( 
24/oo8,000 
3066942 4 
EFTA00730014

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730015.pdf
----------------------------------------
Seed Media Group 
Wexner Children's Trust II Ownership 
as of September 18, 2009 
Purchase 
Ownership 
Diluted Equity 
Accrued 
Cost 
of Class 
Postion 
Dividends 
in US$ 
ok 
% 
in US$ 
Series B Preferred 
$ 
2,000,000 
40.0% 
12.8% 
$ 
825,863.01 
Line of Credit - secured 
Bridge Notes - secured 
Purchase 
Ownership 
Diluted Debt 
Accrued 
Cost 
of Class 
Postion 
Interest 
in US$ 
ok 
ok 
in US$ 
$ 
1,227,500 
19.2% 
6.7% 
$ 
143,784.64 
$ 
133,000 
10.6% 
0.7% 
$ 
3,410.63 
Totals 
$ 
3,360,500 
$ 
973,058.28 
EFTA00730015

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730016.pdf
----------------------------------------
SELECTED SRF TALKING POINTS 
1. 
Scholar Rescue Fund Mission 
2. 
SRF's role in advocacy campaigns 
3. 
Case Evaluation and Selection 
a. 
Scholarship: Articulate a set minimum number of years of teaching or research 
b. 
Physical location 
c. 
Maximum number of years abroad 
d. 
Age limit: should scholars near or at retirement be considered 
e. 
Immigration status: impact of 
(1) 
Second country citizenship 
(2) 
Legal residency in second country 
4. 
Placement Consideration: view getting a PhD as legitimate scholarship: can tuition 
waiver or PhD support be considered part of match? 
5. 
Mechanics of Evaluation 
a. 
Should the 3 criteria be weighted equally? 
b. 
Change scholarship to "scholar potential"? 
HATypingWASelected SRF Talking Points-I 01409.wpd 
I01509knigiii) 
EFTA00730016

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730017.pdf
----------------------------------------
Seller Procedures for MTN Contract Transactions 
March 1, 2009 
Please take note that the following is important information for Buyer's Representatives and Buyers to 
carefully take into account in order to save time and avoid wasted effort. 
1. 
Seller does not perform Spot Sales. Seller operates in Contracts only. 
2. 
Seller does not use any Procedures other than their own. Therefore, sending potential Buyer 
Procedures for Seller review and acceptance is not a good use of time. 
3. 
Seller will only consider Buyer Procedures from previously contracted Buyers (to the Seller), where 
past performance has been established, or after the first Contract is completed with a new Buyer 
(again 
performance capacity established). 
4. 
The Procedures within the LOI are the specific Procedures. Nothing has been omitted. Also, there 
is no ambiguity to the Procedures as written. 
5. 
Procedures require a Proof of Funds (POF) in all cases. POF may be in either MT760 or MT 103/23 
form. Note that POF is not required in advance of a countersigned Contract. 
6. 
Seller, under no circumstances, speaks with any Buyer or Buyer's representative, until Seller has 
received a complete Submittal including signed LOI and non-Solicitation Letter. There are no 
exceptions. Representatives are advised not to frustrate their Buyer clients by saying "you will ask". 
7. 
Once the Seller speaks with the Buyer and/or their Representative, it will be solely to clarify steps 
and not to negotiate any steps. The signed LOI acknowledges Buyer acceptance of the Procedures 
as written. 
8. 
Buyer will not receive the Seller contact information and security code, for delivery of their 
package, until Seller, or their representative, has reviewed and cleared the signed LOI, against the 
required Procedures, and advised us to proceed. Buyer has a choice of submitting LOI on 
letterhead and signed, but without banking information, or Buyer may submit a brief statement 
(we can provide you with the verbiage, if required) that will be sent to us along with the LOI, that 
they will be submitting, as a PDF file, the signed LOI along with a completed non-Solicitation 
Letter. 
9. 
Once it is determined that the Buyer will be using Seller's LOI, we will send the following 
information directly to the Buyer: 
a. Seller Name 
b. 
Seller Principal 
c. 
Seller email address 
d. 
Security Code for all contact 
These Procedures, and the specific Procedures written in the LOI, do not fit the needs or capabilities of all 
Buyers. However, sharing this information and the LOI with Buyer candidates upfront will allow the Buyer to 
make an informed, timely decision on whether to proceed, or whether they can proceed, or not. It makes 
no sense to stretch out communications with a Buyer who will not or cannot meet the Procedures as 
written. 
The Seller is a "Proof of Funds and Guarantee of Payment" Seller. The Procedures, as written, are excellent 
for Buyers exiting their paper. 
EFTA00730017

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730018.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS 
Business Update 
Intelligent Medical Devices, Inc. 
December 2009 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Contents: 
1. Summary Description Of Business And Strategy 
2. Summary of Capital Stock 
3. Summary Of Current Capital Structure 
4. Historical Financial Summary 
5. Current Financial Planning Output 
EFTA00730018
--- PAGE 2 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
1. Summary Description of Business and Strategy 
Overview and Structural Considerations 
Intelligent Medical Devices, Inc. is dedicated to creating innovative technology 
solutions to address large common needs of patients and people concerned with various 
aspects of their health. The historically primary focus of the company has been the 
development of molecular diagnostics for infectious diseases. In addition to molecular 
diagnostics, the company has developed novel intellectual property in other areas and 
applications that would contribute significantly to the potential value of the company. 
The Company is currently preparing to commercialize its molecular diagnostics 
products with a robust pipeline capable of coming to market in a relatively short 
timeframe thereafter. The business opportunity is very large and can best be captured 
with an aggressive and accelerated development path along with more complete 
integration into manufacturing and sales and marketing without reliance on a partner. In 
order to fully realize the full potential of the opportunity, the company anticipates the 
need for additional capital. 
Additionally, the Company has expended resources to develop a bioinformatics 
capability that has broader applications than solely molecular diagnostics. The utilization 
of this technology for the development of molecular diagnostic tests is disproportionately 
small relative to the ongoing development costs associated with a best in class 
bioinformatics capability. The Company is currently seeking a structure that would allow 
the Bioinformatics business opportunity to be fully realized and support itself. By 
separating the Bioinformatics business from the Molecular Diagnostics business, the 
Bioinformatics business could apply for government support, continue product specific 
development in areas outside of human molecular diagnostics, and broaden the 
applications to address alternative revenue streams in a self-sustaining and profitable 
manner. 
In addition to the Molecular Diagnostics and Bioinformatics business, the 
Company has additional ideas and intellectual property. These ideas include a consumer 
device to measure Ketone bodies in one's exhaled breath to determine whether a person 
is in a catabolic metabolic state (burning fat). This application would allow people to 
monitor their metabolic status and set and reach personal weight and fitness goals. This 
application has a large potential market and would not be constrained by FDA regulation. 
Another intellectual property holding is the symptom-based diagnostics patent family 
which, put simply, allows the development of symptom-specific diagnostic panels that 
are aggregated tests based on the contribution to a clinical symptom(s) rather than based 
on infectious agent type or strains. An example would be a respiratory panel that would 
be run on the clinical presentation of a pediatric cough and would test for pneumococcus 
bacteria, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), influenza virus, and potentially even non-
infectious endogenous markers for asthma. The Company believes this patent has broad 
licensing opportunities and may even have current infringement cases that, if pursued, 
could lead to subsequent and potentially immediate licensing revenues. 
Page 2 of 21 
EFTA00730019
--- PAGE 3 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
Lastly, the Company co-founders, Drs. Alice Jacobs and Boris Nikolic have 
access to some very interesting deal flow and have generated some other interesting 
entrepreneurial ideas, but have largely been without an appropriate company in which to 
house the resultant intellectual property. Should Drs. Jacobs and Nikolic have a company 
through which to file various patents, the resulting intellectual property could be the basis 
for new business concepts or potential licensing revenues. 
The structure currently being contemplated to address all the above-mentioned 
considerations would be to establish a molecular diagnostics subsidiary ("IMDx") that 
contained all molecular diagnostic product developments and product specific intellectual 
property. The remaining assets, including platform related intellectual property and the 
Bioinformatics capability, would remain within the parent company ("ParentCo") and 
would be exploited as a separate business (detailed business planning to be developed). 
It is the intent of IMDx to raise significant institutional capital from venture investors, of 
the magnitude of $15-20MM, with the ownership percentage maintained by ParentCo 
being determined by the negotiated pre-money valuation agreed to in the financing terms. 
The ParentCo would also issue a fully-paid, global, sub-licensable set of relevant 
intellectual property licenses restricted to human molecular diagnostic applications only 
in exchange for a one-time license fee to be negotiated between IMDx and ParentCo. 
Any laboratory development services required by ParentCo and performed by IMDx (e.g. 
sample testing or sequencing) or performed by ParentCo for IMDx (e.g. sequence 
optimization for primers/probes used in molecular diagnostic tests) would be performed 
under separate fee for service contracts developed as arms length transactions. Lastly, 
until otherwise established as a separate fully supported operating unit, the companies 
would structure an arms-length shared services/rent agreement to allow the 
bioinformatics group to continue to have access to existing infrastructure for a monthly 
fee paid to IMDx. 
Management and the Board of Directors of Intelligent Medical Devices agree that 
this structure would serve the needs of all parties and would "unlock" resident value 
which, under the existing structure, is not given full credit. This structure allows IMDx 
to execute an aggressive growth plan while allowing the ParentCo to pursue various 
alternative business strategies, potential new businesses, funding sources and revenue 
streams. 
ParentCo. 
Currently, the structure and potential for ParentCo is being developed, but 
ParentCo will possess the following assets and will at a minimum examine these 
associated business opportunities. ParentCo is expected to have a first year expense 
rate of less than $2MM and will initially support itself from the initial IMDx license fee 
and grant submissions/federal monies as well as additional licensing fees. 
Asset 
Application(s)/Opportunity 
Patent family: Symptom based diagnostics 
Immediate licensing of IP 
Page 3 of 21 
EFTA00730020
--- PAGE 4 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
Bioinformatics Platform 
"Ketone Breathalyzer" invention 
Access to government grants 
Fee-for-service revenues 
Biologics/therapeutic applications 
Research applications 
Vaccine applications 
Veterinary applications 
Metabolic measurement in weight/fitness 
management 
IMDx (Molecular Diagnostics Subsidiary) 
Intelligent Medical Devices, Inc. (IntelligentMDx) is at a critical turning point in 
the history of any company — we are bringing our first products to market and are becoming a 
commercial company. IntelligentMDx is focused on the development and commercialization 
of differentiated, high quality molecular diagnostic tests. The Company has built a unique 
and proprietary development engine that can set new records in the rapidity with which high 
quality tests can be brought to market. From this engine IMDx is advancing 5 product 
groups towards commercialization. 
The Molecular Diagnostics Market 
There is a great deal of varied data regarding the size of the molecular diagnostics 
market, but most analysts agree that the market will double in the next three years 
(approximately $10BB to $20BB by 2013). The key drivers of this growth are: 
• Technology — larger penetration of equipment as it gets smaller, cheaper, 
and more automated 
• 
Demand — greater resistance and globalization of pathogens (SARS, 
MRSA, multi-drug resistant TB, Swine and avian flu, bioterrorist 
threats) 
• 
Drug Resistance — As drugs become more focused and targeted, there is 
more pressure on pathogens to select mutations that evade the targeted 
therapies (e.g. HIV, MRSA, seasonal influenza A) 
• 
Regulatory and Clinical Trials requirements — molecular tests will allow 
for concise clinical trials to be conducted for new drug entities; the Food 
and Drug Administration is charged with enforcement of companion 
assay development for new drug entities 
Companies competing in this space include the equipment providers (each selling 
a platform with a few tests that run best on their platform), the reagent suppliers (most of 
whom are building their own systems in order to sell more tests), and the large reference 
laboratories (who charge about 10 times what it costs to run a test in-house, making them 
best suited for micro-volume esoteric testing). 
IMDx has performed a great deal of primary research and has concluded there is 
great demand for what we do — provide high quality, up-to-date tests that have key elements 
of differentiation that fill the needs of the patient, the doctor, and/or the laboratory. Even 
when there is an FDA approved test available, we find that the doctors and labs are frustrated 
and eager to support new entrants with up-to date offerings. 
Page 4 of 21 
EFTA00730021
--- PAGE 5 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
The IMDx Platform — Clinically Intelligent Diagnostics Approach 
The key to IMDx's approach is an EARLY and PLANNED alignment of the 
major components required to commercialize a best-in-class test: 
Clinical Customers/KOL 
S 
Clinically 
Intelligent 
Diagnostics 
Proprietary 
Bloinformatics 
Process*
Quality 
Management 
%Mon 
• exclusive access to this technology 
for Molecular Diagnostics under the 
proposed structure 
IMDx has developed a proprietary development process that allows us to design 
tests differently than other development groups. 
At the beginning of the process, we 
essentially co-develop the concept and specifications with customers and key opinion 
leaders. This allows us to address their concerns and identify clinically relevant strains, 
biomarkers and sample elements that need detection/differentiation (e.g. two strains of 
seasonal flu may not require differentiation, but HIN1 needs to be differentiated from 
seasonal flu). IMDx then uses or accesses a bioinformatics process to design the best test in 
silica by taking into account a deep understanding of reaction chemistries, evolutionary 
biology, and even sequence patentability (exclusive access to this technology for Molecular 
Diagnostics under the proposed structure) . By applying more developed and more accurate 
algorithms, IMDx bypasses much of the trial and error approach to effective diagnostic 
design and reduced "wet" lab work to small amounts of verification work rather than a brute 
force high-volume screening approach. Additionally, all IMDx does is performed with strict 
adherence to FDA quality systems and regulations, thereby eliminating a significant portion 
of the regulatory risk in seeking marketing approvals. The end result is a platform for 
creating high quality, high stringency tests with competitive differentiation and market 
appeal. By accelerating this process, it becomes feasible to provide continuous surveillance 
and launch test variants as a quick response as new test requirements emerge (e.g. a seasonal 
influenza test that matches the annual vaccine development strategy or a rapid development 
of a test to specifically detect a new MRSA mutation). 
Another great feature of our development platform is flexibility. In terms of selecting a 
platform on which to run our tests, we can apply our technologies to ANY well understood 
nucleic acid based (amplification/detection) chemistry. This has multiple effects: 
• 
Customer demand - customers can increase capital efficiency by selecting 
under-utilized equipment to run IMDx tests 
• 
Cost of Goods — royalty stacks can be minimized by using alternative 
chemistries 
• 
Potential 
partners 
— 
we 
can 
develop 
specific 
tests 
for 
their 
platforms/chemistries if they pay for exclusivity 
Page 5 of 21 
EFTA00730022
--- PAGE 6 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
Furthermore, a nucleic acid based test, if robust enough, can be used for multiple 
applications: 
• 
Molecular diagnostics of pathogens 
• 
Companion diagnostics for therapeutics/drug development 
• 
Oncology testing/typing 
• 
Personalized genomics/endogenous testing of an individual's genes 
IntelligentMDx has focused to date on pathogen molecular diagnostics as that is what the 
market demands most, but there is nothing to prevent the broader application of our platform 
and capabilities if customers or partners desire it. 
Commercialization Strategy 
IMDx is ultimately seeking full regulatory clearance to market in vitro diagnostic kits 
(IVD kits). IMDx is ideally looking for a global distribution partner to distribute our tests 
either specifically for their platforms (e.g. Abbott Molecular or Roche Molecular) or as a 
platform agnostic test distributor (e.g. Thermo-Fisher). IMDx is currently in partnership 
discussions with global platform players for distribution deals — some with single product 
focus, some with platform focus and all with an eye to a larger, broader applicability. 
The Current IMDx Products 
IMDx Pan-FIuORTM' 
Influenza 
IMDx Pan-Screen TM' 
Infechon Control 
IMDx Pan-DetectTM' 
Bordetella 
IMDx Pan-OuantTM' 
Immunocompromesed 
Viral Monitoring 
IMDx Pan-F1uORTM - Influenza 
IMDx Pan-Detect" 
Encephalitis 
2009 Version 
Detects influenza A, differentiates seasonal influenza A from novel H1NI 
influenza A, and differentiates oseltamivir (TamifluTm) and peramivir susceptibility versus 
resistance. Current market entrants do not have resistance detection and some tests are 
reporting erroneous results, likely due to poor test design and inability to account for genetic 
drift in the underlying test design. IMDx is seeking Emergency Use Authorization and is 
examining various distribution mechanisms for this season's testing. 
2010 and Subsequent Annual Versions 
The goal of IMDx is to create an annual test for flu that incorporates the 
elements specific to that year's flu concerns. For 2010, IMDx will incorporate additional 
elements to create a test whose first module detects and differentiates seasonal influenza A, 
Influenza B, and 2009 HIN1 influenza A while the second module determines oseltamivir 
(TamifluTm) and peramivir resistance as well as differentiates HI versus H3 subtypes. A 
further investigative project will be undertaken to determine whether a diagnostic test can be 
developed that would assess the potential severity of the infection in various influenza 
strains. If successful, IMDx will incorporate that element among others, including avian 
influenza testing as concern develops, into subsequent test generations. Additionally, IMDx 
will evaluate the utility of building the influenza test into a broader respiratory panel by 
adding such elements as respiratory syncytial virus, parainfluenza virus, and/or the 
respiratory strains of adenovirus. 
Page 6 of 21 
EFTA00730023
--- PAGE 7 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
IMDx Pan-ScreenTM Infection Control 
Detects most commonly encountered resistance markers for infections, 
including mecA (methicillin resistance), vanA/vanB (vancomycin resistance) and 
Clostridium difficile (C. dill.) toxA/toxB genes. Currently, the incidence of hospital acquired 
infections, including antimicrobial resistant infections, is gaining visibility and is an area of 
great cost and concern. The government reimbursement agencies are now placing the 
responsibility squarely on the shoulders of the healthcare system itself by eliminating 
reimbursement for treatment of infections that are contracted while in a facility. To qualify 
for infection treatment reimbursement, the healthcare facility will need to develop infection 
control programs, including a) patient screening to prove the patient was infected or 
colonized prior to admission to the facility, b) detection and typing of infections spreading 
within a hospital, and c) environmental monitoring of surfaces, etc. The ideal infection 
control test would be a cost effective, rapid result, high-throughput test that could be used to 
detect and differentiate microbes regardless of sample source (patient or surfaces) or use 
(environmental monitoring, diagnosis, screening). IMDx is delivering just such a solution 
and believes this market will grow, but currently has the potential to be a $1.5BB global 
market. 
IMDx Pan-DetectIm Bordetella — Pertussis/Parapertussis 
Detects infection with bacteria in the genus Bordetella and differentiates 
between Bordetella pertussis, parapertussis, and the minor Bordetella strains. Prior to the 
1940's, when vaccines were developed, pertussis was a leading cause of infant and childhood 
deaths. The incidence of the infections decreased for a while, but we are now seeing a re-
emergence of newer, more virulent strains of the bacteria. 
Currently, there is no 
commercially available test, yet this is nearly unanimous in placing high on the demand list 
by physicians and lab directors. The market for a Bordetella test is estimated to be between 
$50 and $100MM worldwide, with the availability of a cleared test expected to correct 
underreporting, which will drive more test growth as the relevance increases. 
IMDx Pan-QuantTM Immunocompromised Viral Monitoring 
Detects and quantifies viral load for Epstein Barr Virus (EBV), Cytomegalovirus 
(CMV), BK Virus, and adenovirus; all are viruses commonly associated with transplant and 
immunocompromised patient health. The BK virus test also differentiates and detects the 
minor strains of BK, whose different clinical presentation is becoming increasingly relevant 
for treatment implications. 
A number of tests exist in the marketplace for these viruses, but lab directors and 
hospital management find them to be very costly and inefficient. The current tests mainly 
use different cycle parameters, so the lab cannot run all five tests together in a single run and 
must instead run a number of frequent and partial runs. IMDx has optimized the tests under 
the same cycle parameters so the user has complete control in determining how many of each 
test is included in a single run setup. This random access control of the test configuration is 
very efficient and lab directors have indicated a strong preference for such a test over current 
existing solutions. The current market is estimated to be approximately $100MM for 
transplant and immunocompromised health monitoring, but these tests can also be used for 
maternal-fetal-medicine and sexually transmitted disease testing. Alternative markets would 
bring this group above $200MM per year in market size. 
Page 7 of 21 
EFTA00730024
--- PAGE 8 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
IMDx PanDetectTM Encephalitis — Herpes Simplex Virus and Enterovirus 
Encephalitis is not a specific disease, but is rather a disease state caused by 
various conditions. The most common cause of encephalitic brain inflammation are viral 
infections, most notably the herpes simplex viruses and enterovirus. While the incidence of 
virally induced encephalitis is not a relatively large number, the high rate of mortality and 
morbidity makes it tested quite frequently for the reassurance of the confirmation that a 
patient is not virally encephalitic. This creates a large test market and more components can 
be added as the incidence of other viral infections associated with encephalitis increase (e.g. 
West Nile Virus, Eastern Equine Virus, etc). 
Current Developments 
Novel HIN1 Flu (2009) 
On August 21m, the CDC published the first report of oseltamivir resistance and 
IMDx was urged by customers to develop a differentiated novel HINI test that a) detects the 
presence of influenza A, b) differentiates seasonal influenza A from novel (2009) H1N1 
influenza A, and c) determines susceptibility or resistance to oseltamivir (the most widely 
used anti-influenza therapy, marketed as Tamiflunl). IMDx decided to develop such a test 
and likely set a new record for design and initial feasibility studies as we presented initial 
data to the FDA on September 2rd. The FDA was encouraging and we completed clinical 
trials at 4 geographically dispersed clinical sites and have submitted an Emergency Use 
Authorization (EUA) clearance application to the FDA. Clearance will allow the sale of IVD 
kits as early as January, and experts agree that this strain of HIN1 will be prevalent at least 
through the 2010-2011 influenza season. Additionally, during our clinical study, when a 
patient who tested negative for multiple other commercially available HIN1 tests was tested 
with IMDx PanFluOR test, the patient tested positive for HIN1 and the strain was 
oseltamivir resistant. The clinician is preparing a manuscript to submit a journal article 
indicating the false negatives with other tests and the accurate positive with IMDx Pan-
FluOR. The company believes there will be more rapid adoption of IMDx Pan-FluOR after 
this paper is presented and published. 
IMDx planned the clinical trial and EUSA submission with the FDA with an 
intent to leverage existing work and create minimal additional work to submit a 510(k) 
submission to the FDA, which would allow clearance to market after the existing health 
emergency is declared over. Additionally, IMDx is preparing to add test elements, such as an 
influenza B test element to the 510(k) submission for a more robust test.. 
FDA 
On September 2rd, IMDx had a positive meeting with the Medical Devices group 
at the FDA. The FDA not only encouraged the submission of an application for the 
clearance of our influenza test (see above) under the Emergency Use Authorization statute 
and subsequent 510(k) clearance, but also was intrigued with what they expressed was our 
unique way of thinking about mutation and drift in microbial populations. The FDA has 
requested that more information be supplied regarding our unique process and wanted IMDx 
to present our approach to the Commissioner of the FDA. 
Page 8 of 21 
EFTA00730025
--- PAGE 9 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
Major hospital network traction 
IMDx is also initiating a pilot program to introduce tests into a single center 
within a buying consortium with 1400+ member hospitals and facilities. 
Business Development Progress 
IMDx has a term sheet out to one global player for PanFluOR (multi-generation 
influenza program). Another global leader is interested in choosing a pilot target for IMDx 
to apply its development capability. Once our unique approach is proven to this group, a 
larger strategic deal would likely follow. Two other large companies are interested in 
potential collaborations and/or licensing existing products. 
Operations and Management 
employees, 12 PhDs and MDs 
-18,000 square foot mixed lab/office facility in Cambridge, Massachusetts 
Alice Jacobs, M., Chainnan, CEO, Founder 
Raised -$27M for Intelligent Medical Devices, Inc. to date. Assembled team of 
visionary scientific and business leaders. Company co-founder and inventor of 
symptom-based diagnostics. 
Charles R. Carter, ■., 
Chief Financial Officer 
Over 17 years of business, financial and biotechnology experience. Oversaw 
finance and operations for Adnexus Therapeutics, purchased by Bristol-Meyers 
Squibb. Senior Director of financial Planning and Analysis for Shire 
Pharmaceuticals/TKT where he played a key role in the $1.6B acquisition of 
TKT. Life sciences consulting partner at Mercer Management Consultants 
David L. Dolinger, 
, Vice President, Research and Development 
Over 18 years industry experience, former Director of Research and Development 
for IQuum, Inc. former Senior Manager of Product Support for Bayer 
Diagnostics, co-developer of the first FDA cleared sequencing based assay and 
thought leader in the areas of diagnostics and molecular diagnostics 
Page 9 of 21 
EFTA00730026
--- PAGE 10 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
Sarah Toomey, Corporate and intellectual property counsel 
B.S. in Bacteriology from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and her 
with a concentration in intellectual property, from Suffolk University Law School. 
Ms. Toomey is registered to practice before the U.S. Patent and Trademark 
Office, and is admitted to practice in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and 
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. 
Elizabeth Holland, Senior Director of Human Resources 
Over 20 years of experience in the role of Human Resource Business Partner, the 
last 13 in the biotechnology industry with drug discovery companies, genomic 
services and nucleic acid purification products, and companies developing 
automation and bioinformatics platforms. 
Jim Hully, 
, Director of Research 
Inventor of PriMD, our proprietary next generation molecular diagnostics 
bioinformatics system, thought leader in molecular biology. Held senior scientific 
positions at Ventana Medical Systems and Applied Biosystems. 
Mark Nadel, 
., Director of Bioinfonnatics and Research Development 
A mathematical logician by training, having assembled one of the foremost 
groups of model theorists in the world. Transitioned into computational biology 
with most recent positions at the Dana Farber and the Broad Institute. 
Philip Moen, 
, Director of Product Development 
Dr. Moen has a broad background in molecular and cellular diagnostic assay 
development, having held senior research and product development positions for 
several major Biotechnology companies including E.I DuPont de Nemours, Inc., 
NEN Life Sciences, Inc. (now PerkinElmer), and SeraCare Life Sciences, Inc. 
Page 10 of 21 
EFTA00730027
--- PAGE 11 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
Description of Capital Stock 
General. 
The rights of the holders of Common Stock, and Series A Stock, Series B 
Stock, Series C Stock, and Series D Stock (together, the "Existing Preferred Stock") are 
identical except for conversion rights and liquidation rights described below. 
Voting Rights. The holders of the Existing Preferred Stock are entitled to one vote and 
they shall vote on an as-converted basis with the Common Stock as one class except that 
each class shall vote as a separate class as required by law, in order to amend, alter or 
repeal the Certificate of Incorporation if such amendment would adversely change the 
rights of the respective stock, or with regard to voting for an automatic conversion of 
shares as described below. 
Transfer Restrictions. The Existing Preferred Stock are not subject to restrictions on 
transfer other than those imposed by the Securities Act. The Common Stock are subject 
to restrictions on transfer imposed by the Securities Act and are also subject to transfer 
restrictions as defined in the stock incentive plans under which the Common Stock is 
granted. 
Dividends and Liquidations. The holders of the Existing Preferred Stock and the holders 
of the Common Stock have an equal right to receive dividends when and if declared by 
the Board; provided, however, that if we declare or pay a dividend on the Common Stock 
consisting in whole or in part of Common Stock, then no such dividend shall be payable 
to holders of Existing Preferred Stock, and in lieu thereof the conversion price for the 
Existing Preferred Stock will be proportionally adjusted. In the event of the liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up of IntelligentMDx, Inc., the holders of Series D Stock are 
entitled to receive, in preference to the holders of Common Stock, Series A Stock, Series 
B Stock and Series C Stock an amount for each share of Series D Stock equal to the 
original purchase price of such share of Series D Stock. Thereafter, the holders of Series 
C Stock are entitled to receive, in preference to the holders of Common Stock, Series A 
Stock, and Series B Stock an amount for each share of Series C Stock equal to the 
original purchase price of such share of Series C Stock. Thereafter, holders of the Series 
A Stock are entitled to receive, in preference to the holders of Common Stock and Series 
B Stock, an amount for each share of Series A Stock equal to the original purchase price 
per share. Thereafter, holders of the Series B Stock are entitled to receive, in preference 
to the holders of Common Stock an amount for each share of Series B Stock equal to the 
original purchase price per share. Following full payment to the holders of the Existing 
Preferred Stock, the remaining assets shall be distributed to the holders of the Common 
Stock. 
Conversion Rights. Each share of Existing Preferred Stock may, at any time and upon 
the option of the holder, be converted into a number of shares of Common Stock 
determined by dividing the original purchase price by such purchase price as adjusted for 
certain corporate events such as stock dividends, stock splits or reorganizations. The 
Existing Preferred Stock will automatically convert into Common Stock upon the written 
consent of greater than 50% of the Existing Preferred Stock then outstanding, each voting 
Page 11 of 21 
EFTA00730028
--- PAGE 12 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
as a separate class and shall convert automatically immediately prior to an initial public 
offering of the equity securities of the Company registered under the Securities Act. 
Other Provisions. The holders of the Existing Preferred Stock and Common Stock have 
no pre-emptive rights to subscribe to any additional securities of any class which we may 
issue. 
Preferred Stock. The Certificate of Incorporation allows us to issue up to 5 million 
shares of preferred stock in one or more series as may be determined by the Board who 
may establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series, fix the 
designation, powers, preference and rights of the shares in each series and any 
qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof without the further vote or action by the 
stockholders. The Board may authorize, without approval by the stockholders, the 
issuance of preferred stock with voting, conversion rights and rights upon liquidation that 
could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the Existing 
Preferred Stock. 
Page 12 of 21 
EFTA00730029
--- PAGE 13 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
2. Summary of Current Capital Structure 
Investor 
Sells A Investors 
Series B Investors 
Series C Investors 
Series 0Investors 
Ex.Oireciots 6 Advisors 
En.Mer-9ernenl 
Founders 
Diredorss Mvlgoa 
Management 
Em 
Totals 
Amount Raised 
Investor 
Sores AInvestors 
Series 8Investors 
Series C Investors 
Settee Dlnvestors 
Werrares 
En-Diredon 6 Advisors 
EAMartagoment 
Ex.Empiaseas 
Founders 
Cerectots 6 Advisors 
Management 
Employees 
servo 
Tot* 
Prereeros Snares 
Series A 
Series B 
Series C 
Series 0 
Common Shares 
Outstanding 
244 320 
332.716 
W.730 
660,458 
17.119 
49.741 
15,286 
1652.861 
71219 
36.502 
I I 172, 
Y7.730 
660.458 
2.063300 
S 
2.450400 S 
SA40.000 S 
6810,010 S 
11,558.037 S 
260,101 
Wanents 
Unvested 
Resinded Stook 
Overhang 
Vested Options 
(WI 
Unsoiled 
Oldiene 1W) 
SIP Reserve 
715 
55.221 
• 
• 
33.137 
38,625 
• 
119.671 
135675 
252.535 
54315 
65.221 
71,262 
286,508 
282.635 
Total Stake of Outstanding 
Common 
Equivalents 
%Osmond* 
246320 
67% 
332.716 
90% 
387.730 
105% 
66058 
179%. 
17.119 
05% 
49.741 
13% 
15,286 
0.4% 
1662661 
505% 
71219 
19% 
36.502 
10% 
11172 
3.691.124 
100% 
S 
23.114.144 
Total Stale or Outstanding 
Plus Overhang 
Common 
Egon sienie 
%0wnorMb 
246120 
56% 
332.716 
76% 
387.730 
89% 
660.458 
151% 
54.715 
12% 
17.119 
04% 
49.741 
1.1% 
15.296 
02% 
1.642361 
425% 
126.440 
29% 
169.310 
43% 
I85672 
42% 
2526.% 
/6446 
4,396.000 
100% 
In addition to the sale of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company has 
offered a combination security comprised of a Note and attached warrants for Series D 
Preferred Shares. The features of the note are an 8% annual interest rate, paid in cash 
quarterly, and a return of principal 3.5 years from date of issue. The warrants provide 
30% coverage of the note principal value at strike price of $17.50 and with a termination 
years after the issuance of the warrant. 
As of October 28, 2009 the Company has issued such notes for an aggregate face value of 
$3,075,000 to mature on December 31, 2012 with attached warrants for the right to 
purchase 52,715 Series D Preferred Shares at $17.50 per share. 
Page 13 of 21 
EFTA00730030
--- PAGE 14 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
3. Historical Financial Summary 
The following summary of our historical financial statements is taken from our audited 
financial statements from inception to December 31, 2003 and for the fiscal years ending 
on December 31 for the years 2004 through 2007. 
Our auditors for inception to 
December 31, 2003 and for fiscal years ending December 31 from 2004 through 2007 are 
Carlin, Charron and Rosen, LLP. Our auditors for fiscal 2008 are Ernst & Young, LLP. 
Summary of Audited Historical Financial Data 
IntellIgeMMD. Inc. 
Inception (October. 2000) to fiscal year end 2007 
Al remount Ins 
October. 200010 
Fiscal Year Ending December 31. 
final year end 2003 
2001 
2005 
2006 
2007 
Summary Income Statement 
Grant revenue 
$ 
33.020 S 
68.786 
$ 
87.246 5 
Opening expenses 
Research and developh wit 
$ 
2.006.794 $ 
1.272.006 $ 
1.876.703 $ 
1.458.474 5 
1.785.561 
Marketing 
/7387 
83.815 
7.003 
104.199 
General and administrafin3 
2.097.913 
823.721 
1.334.960 
1475271 
1.162.656 
Impairment of palert costs 
488.475 
Coning loss 
S 
(4.071.687) $ 
(2.076.828) $ 
(3295.198) $ 
(3.342.377) S 
(3.652.416) 
poet ncome( expense) 
S 
(E3.410) $ 
12.108 $ 
23.190 $ 
3,005 5 
208.659 
NM loss 
S 
(1.136.097) S 
(2.41.720) $ (3272.308) $ 
(3.339.372) 3 
(3.443.757) 
Summary Balance Sheet 
Curreni assets 
$ 
1.132.760 $ 
2.429.105 $ 
752.467 S 
891,848 
Net property end equipment 
68427 
54.517 
59235 
92.059 
Other assets 
1214.584 
943,575 
463,769 
326.554 
Total affSMS 
2216.771 $ 
3427.197 $ 
1275.41 S 
1.310.161 
Cureni Millie, 
S 
823.057 $ 
748.069 $ 
921.216 S 
446.000 
Long-germ lablihes 
528.084 
375.106 
18.673 
Preferred &tech 
652 
953 
1.036 
1214 
Common stock 
2.050 
2.065 
2.036 
2.036 
Addhonal paid in capital 
7.261.745 
11.773.129 
13.150.015 
17.103.74 
Accumulaled defied 
(6.199.817) 
(9472.125) 
(12317.507) 
(16.212.582) 
Total liabilities and stockholders* equity 
2.215.771 $ 
3227.197 $ 
1276271 $ 
1810.481 
Summary StatemeM 01 Cash Flows 
Cash opening balance 
$ 
$ 
243209.00 $1,113.046.00 $ 2.428291.00 5 
661.972.03 
Cash whom operating activities 
$ 
(2.061.891) $ 
(3.126.811) $ 
(3.509.523) 5 
(3.872.599) 
Cash whom invent° Whites 
(377.01 71 
(70.110) 
398.952 
(133447) 
Cash whom inves ling aciMles 
3.338.978 
4.512.000 
1.348.452 
3.953.956 
Change In Cash 
243.009 
S 
870.037 $ 
1315.015 $ 
(13 682 19) 3 
(52090) 
Cash - ending balance 
243.039 $ 
1.112018 $ 
2428291 $ 
661.972 $ 
609382 
Page 14 of 21 
EFTA00730031
--- PAGE 15 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
2008 PRELIMINARY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
2008 PRELIMINARY Balance Sheet 
December 31, 
2008 
Assets 
Current assets: 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
Total current assets 
Property and equipment. net 
Other 
Total assets 
754.783 
57.788 
812,571 
929.966 
442.974 
2,185,511 
Liabilities and stockholders' equity tdeficit) 
Current liabilities: 
Accounts payable 
S 
151.021 
Accrued expenses 
341.293 
Current portion of c apital lease 
3.592
Total current liabilities 
495.906 
Long term capital lease 
16.920 
Long term deferred rent 
759,460 
Stockholders' equity (deficit): 
Series A convertible preferred stock. 50.001 par value: 
Authorized —276.320 shares at December 31. 20D8 
Issued and outstanding — 266.320 shares at December 31.2008 
Series B convertible preferred stock. 50.001 par value: 
Authorized —500.000 shares at December 31.2008 
Issued and outstanding — 332.716 shares at December 31. 2008 
Series C convertible preferred stock. 80.001 par value: 
Authorized — 534.334 shares at December 31.2008 
Issued and outstanding — 387.730 shares at December 31.2008 
Series D convertible preferred stock. $0.001 par value: 
Authorized —685.714 shares at December 31.2008 
Issued and outstanding — 551.885 shares at December 31.2008 
Common stock. 50.001 par value: 
Authorized - 10,000.000 shares at December 31. 2008 
Issued and outstanding - 2.045.527 shares at December 31. 2008 
Additional paid -in capital 
Deficit accumulated during the development stage 
Total stockholders' equity (deficit) 
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit) 
266 
333 
387 
552 
2.046 
22.514.097 
(21.604.456) 
913.225 
S 2,185.311 
Page 15 of 21 
EFTA00730032
--- PAGE 16 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
2008 PRELIMINARY Income Statement 
December 31, 
2008 
Period From 
October 23, 2000 
(Inception) to 
December 31, 
2008 
Grant revenue 
$ 
187,052 
Operating expenses: 
Research and development 
2.261.422 
11.108,979 
Marketing 
192.944 
735,848 
General and administrative 
2.127.405 
9.623,581 
Impairments of acquired and internally developed patent costs 
- 
488.475 
Total operging expenses 
4.581.771 
21.956,883 
Operating lass 
(4,581,771) 
(21.769,831) 
Other income (expense): 
Debt forgiveness 
218,030 
Interest income (expense) 
6,053 
(52,625) 
Other income (expense). net 
6.053 
165,375 
Net loss 
(4,575,718) 
(21,604,456) 
Deficit accumulated during the development stage - beginning 
(17.028.738) 
Deficit accumulated during the development stage - ending 
$ (21,604,456) 
$ (21,604,456) 
Page 16 of 21 
EFTA00730033
--- PAGE 17 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
2008 PRELIMINARY Statement of Cash Flows 
Operating activities 
December 31, 
2008 
Period From 
October 23, 2000 
(Inception) to 
December 31, 
2008 
Net loss 
$ (4,575,718) 
$ (21,604,456) 
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used 
in operating activities: 
Depreciation and amortization 
180,120 
586,863 
Stock-based compensation expense 
137,460 
579,506 
Gain on disposal of property and equipment 
(374) 
Issuance of common stock for services 
30,188 
Debt forgiveness 
(200,000) 
Change in operating assets and liabilities: 
Restricted cash 
210,578 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
13,600 
(57,788) 
Security deposits 
(412,747) 
(442,974) 
Accounts payable 
(177,727) 
151,021 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
97,979 
341,293 
Deferred rent 
759,460 
759,460 
Other liabilities 
13,283 
20,512 
Net cash used in operating activities 
(3,753,712) 
(19,836,749) 
Investing activities 
Purchases of property and equipment 
(1,009,605) 
(1,414,287) 
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment 
1,922 
Acquisition of intellectual property 
(278,593) 
Goodwill impairment loss 
488,475 
Net cash used in investing activities 
(1,009,605) 
(1,202,483) 
Financing activities 
Proceeds from issuance of promissory notes 
1,250,000 
Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
250,089 
Proceeds from sale of convertible preferred units 
4,910,968 
Proceeds from sale of convertible preferred stock 
5,104,281 
15,665,699 
Proceeds from issuance of common stock warrants 
3,975 
Payment of debt instruments 
(286,716) 
(286,716) 
Net cash provided by financing activities 
4,817,654 
21,794,015 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
54,337 
754,783 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
700,446 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
754,783 
754,783 
Page 17 of 21 
EFTA00730034
--- PAGE 18 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
5. Current Strategic Plan Output 
The company's financial projections are "forward-looking statements" 
within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including 1) 
statements concerning Intelligent Medical Devices, Inc.'s 
plans, 
objectives, expected performance, expenditures and capital funding, 
and 2) any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that 
are other than statements of historical fact. Projections are based on 
good faith assumptions and involve judgments with respect to future 
development and commercialization of our potential products and 
competitive, regulatory and market conditions, as well as future 
business, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately 
and many if which are beyond our control. We assume, among other 
things, that we will be able to develop and commercialize our products 
on the timeline that we propose and that others will use our medical 
devices and diagnostic tests and purchase them at the prices we propose. 
We have never successfully commercialized a product and may not be 
able to commercialize any of our potential products. If our assumptions 
prove to be inaccurate, our actual results may be substantially and 
materially worse than these projections. Furthermore, historical results 
may not be indicative of Intelligent Medical Devices, Inc.'s future 
performance. 
Page 18 of 21 
EFTA00730035
--- PAGE 19 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
Product Pipeline and Commercialization Timing 
!J
.! ' 2 
; 
I;
! r j!zjz,, 
j j 
j, !Jd 
a a amp. no
::  
a 
MI 
la 
1.1 
a 
On MI a 
MI 
MP 
al 
a 
a MI 
Me 
Development capacity cycling off of launched projec a will be redeployed to 
develop next generation test or new projects —very efficient development 
group will be maintained. but will be grown only with proven nee&available 
investment capital from business 
▪ 
FeasibilityNerification 
Validation 
• 
■ 
Clinical studies 
C0NFIDENT01L 
CE Mark/ European Launch 
FDA Kit clearance/ U.S. Launch 
Pro Forma Statement of Income 
Cart tilt tettlietr 
Revalues 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
License ale Research Revenues 
1,307.143 
992.857 
992,857 
992.857 
992.857 
642.857 
PTOCUCI Sales 
1.163.810 
25.968.788 
67.159652 
120.682.547 
193.187.427 
288.780.444 
RoyattyRoverues 
Total Revalue* 
870. 
. .so 
Coss Or goods Sold 
COGS 
117,522 
1.929,066 
4,852,884 
9.160,447 
15.118.719 
22,344.662 
Royale Stall 
117,154 
2.479.768 
6,316.118 
11.238,106 
17.973.244 
27.381.191 
Ponce Charges 
504,034 
1.525.956 
2009239 
5.531,887 
4.277.524 
5.3143.904 
Total 0005 
739,460 
5,934,810 
12,978,241 
25,579,442 
37,30,487 
55009,758 
Dicta Margin 
1.731,473 
21.016.835 
55,174268 
95.795902 
156.810.797 
234,313.544 
Deflating Expenses 
floseach 6 Development 
11.163996 
11.181.148 
11235635 
10.515,957 
11.503.089 
9.746.649 
San & Marketna 
1.619.478 
3.742.571 
5.634.174 
9.024.068 
13.684.208 
19.178.393 
General& Adnenssusec 
2694.743 
2.872.666 
3.079,836 
3.246.747 
3.532,079 
3.712.131 
11)181 OPEC 
15,476.217 
17.796.384 
19.949846 
22.626,771 
26,775.376 
32.637,173 
Operating Margin 
(13.746.744) 
3,220.451 
35.225223 
72.960.191 
128,011.921 
201.678371 
lowest Income 
50.933 
50.000 
50/000 
50.000 
50.000 
50.000 
1.9491$1 &Dena,
(880.819) 
(350.157) 
006209) 
OM 
Other ImOmelEi84099) 
Allowance lOg Mete* Taxe4 
• 
9782901 PT9 707 716) 
( 1 233 Mai 
930 690548) 
Net Income 
(14,576.729) 
2.300.299 
25,540823 
43,611.375 
76850,652 
121,035,822 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 19 of 21 
EFTA00730036
--- PAGE 20 ---
IMDx Business Update 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flow 
SOurCe8 Of Gash 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
Revf.huet 
2.470.953 
26.951.645 
68.152509 
121.675404 
194.180264 
Nel Finanain0 
87.073 
85584 
111.906 
141.883 
176.652 
Uses al Cash 
OPN10112 hClihry 
04.287.114) 
(22.502079) 
140.165982) 
(71.767276) 
1115.114.7211 
Nel Worldn0 cwt.! 
192.609) 
1372689) 
254.249 
.2.462.987/ 
1.234.481
C.NhEnicenso 
15.339250) 
14.247.003) 
1579.7501 
(216.5001 
(711.5001 
Nei Chang:, 
(17.180.947)
(84.510) 
27.752932 
47.350.524 
79.767.196 
Boanntne Balance 
07.180947) 
'17265.487) 
10.487.445 
57.837.970 
Ending Gash Balance 
(17.180.947) 
(17,265487) 
10.487,445 
57.837.970 
137,605.1615 
Cash trough without additional funding r 318Mhl 
Cash Bow positive starting 032011 
$15-$20MM raise would allow execution of this aggressive growth plan 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Use of Proceeds 
Care with Ceiu.qt, 
Upfront payment for global Roche/Baylor human pathogen test 
$6.3MM 
license 
Manufacturing facility build-out and equipment for 1.5MM 
$2.0MM 
tests/mo capacity 
$9MM 
Clinical studies 
Operating expenses 
$2.5MM 
$20MM 
A significant amount of risk to timing and value capture can be mitigated with 320MM raise: 
Impacts manufacturing risk. clinicalfregulatory risk and cash runway risk 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 20 of 21 
EFTA00730037
--- PAGE 21 ---
INIDx Business Update 
Exit Strategies 
Potential Envisioned Outcomes 
-CONFIDENTIAL-
Cars 
Gaiety' 
Strategic Acquisition 
Large menu offering. unique 
approach. customer lockup, and 
very positive FDA relationships 
increase iloslihood of accp-isition 
in next 12 months by large 
platform provider currently in 
discussions 
J 
IPO 
Markets unlocking - attractive 
investment thesis as Molecular 
Diagnostics is attractive. but few 
smallihigh growth potential 
independent pure-play 
corrpanies as an alternative to 
multi-tif on dolar platform and 
conglomerate companies 
Stand Alone 
IntelfigentMDx envisions a very 
sold, cash flow positive 
business with high level of self-
funded growth 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Valuation Estimates 
Cite mitt Cetthtt, 
Earnings Multiple Method 
Base year - 2014 
Earnings - $77INM 
PIE of 24 (GPRO as proxy) 
81.888 in 2014 
Revenue Multiple Method 
Base year - 2014 
Revenues - $200MM 
Revenue Multiple S (GPRO as proxy) 
SIBB in 2014 
Discounted to 2009 at 40% 
for risk and good rate of return 
NPV = $468MM 
NPV = $268MM 
CONFIDENTIAL 
IMDx margins higher than GPRO due to only being 
in the higher margin content business, so likely 
somewhere In between the range of S250-$500MM 
Current Issued:Outstanding 
Stock Extrapolation 
Issued:Outstanding Stock 
$17.50 
-$84MM 
Current Overhang 
(optionsAvarrants) 
$17.50 
-$8MM 
Additional $15MM raise 
$87MM 
Page 21 of 21 
EFTA00730038

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730039.pdf
----------------------------------------
(KE'S 10-30-09 WITH RDC CHANGES 11-05-09 and KE's 11-06 CHANGES) 
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 
individually, and Jeffrey Epstein, individually (jointly referred to 
as "Parties"), enter into this Settlement Agreement and General Release ("Settlement 
Agreement") in order to resolve the pending litigation between them as follows: 
1. 
Dismissal. The Parties agree to immediately dismiss the pending lawsuit 
presently styled Jane Doe No. 102 
vs. Jeffrey Epstein. Case No. 09-80656-CIV-
Marra/Johnson (Southern District of Florida), with prejudice upon payment and 
clearance of the settlement amount: however, the Court will be asked to retain 
jurisdiction to enforce the terms of this Settlement Agreement. 
2. 
General Release. 
and her agent(s). attorney(s), 
predecessor(s). successor(s), heir(s), administrator(s), and/or assign(s) (hereinafter, 
"First Parties"), for and in consideration of the sum of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 
($500.000.00) and other valuable consideration, received from or on behalf of Jeffrey 
Epstein and his agent(s), attomey(s), predecessor(s), successor(s), heir(s), 
administrator(s), assign(s) and/or employee(s) (hereinafter, "Second Parties"), the 
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, 
HEREBY remise, release, acquit, satisfy, and forever discharge the said Second 
Parties and any other person or entity_ ("Other-Potential-Defendants") who could have 
been included as a potential defendant ("Other Potential Defendants')  -from all, and all 
manner of. action and actions of 
including State or Federal, cause and 
causes of action (common law or statutory), suits, debts, dues, sums of money, 
accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants. contracts, controversies, 
EFTA00730039
--- PAGE 2 ---
agreements, promises, variances, trespasses, damages. judgments, executions, claims, 
and demands whatsoever in law or in equity for compensatory or punitive damages that 
said First Parties ever had or now have, or that any personal representative, successor, 
heir, or assign of said First Parties hereafter can, shall, or may have, against Jeffrey 
Epstein, or Other Potential Defendants for, upon, or by reason of any matter, cause, or 
thing whatsoever (whether known or unknown), from the beginning of the world to the 
day of this release. The issue of amount of attorneys' fees and costs is specifically 
addressed in Paragraph 8. Attorneys' Fees and Costs. 
It is further agreed that this Settlement Agreement represents a final resolution of 
a disputed claim and is intended to avoid litigation. This Settlement Agreement shall not 
be construed to be an admission of liability or fault by any party. Additionally, as a 
material consideration in settling, First Parties and Second Parties agree that the terms 
of this Settlement Agreement are not intended to be used by any other person nor be 
admissible in any proceeding or case against or involving Jeffrey Epstein, either civil or 
criminal. 
First and Second Parties further stipulate and agree that this Settlement 
Agreement is pursuant to and is in fulfillment of Jeffrey Epstein's obligations to 
exclusive of attorneys' fees and costs, pursuant to and in conformity with the 
Non•Prosecution Agreement, its Addendum, and its Affirmation (collectively, the "NPA"), 
between Jeffrey Epstein and the United States Attorney for the Southern District of 
Florida. 
First and Second Parties further stipulate and agree that this Settlement 
Agreement should not in any way be construed as an admission by Jeffrey Epstein that 
EFTA00730040
--- PAGE 3 ---
he violated any federal statute that constitutes a predicate for a damage claim under 18 
U.S.C. § 2255 or an admission that he violated any other federal or state statute. 
3. 
Payment. Payment of the settlement funds has been made to 
attorneys' trust account, but may not be released until this agreement has 
been executed and the case is dismissed with prejudice. 
4. 
Reciprocal Confidentiality. The Parties agree that the amount of this 
settlement shall be kept strictly confidential and shall not be disclosed at any time to any 
third party, except_ (a) immediate family members of the Parties (whose identities must 
be provided as "Eyes Only' to Sidney Stubbs, Esq., Special Master, in a sealed 
envelope to be opened only if a third party is alleged to have breached this provision);. 
(b) to the extent required by law or rule;. (c) to the extent necessary in connection with 
medical treatment, legal, financial, accounting or tax services, or appropriate tax 
reporting purposes. (only if necessary)... (d) in the event that all or part of the proceeds 
of this settlement are to be placed in trust for 
to the trustee(s) of such 
trust; or (e) in response to a validly issued subpoena from a governmental or regulatory 
agency. Any third party who is advised of the settlement amount must sign a document 
acknowledging that such third party is aware of this confidentiality provision and is 
bound by it, including the provisions contained in this Settlement Agreement relating to 
the enforcement of this confidentiality provision. The Parties further agree that the 
Parties shall not provide any copy, in whole or in part, or in any form, of this Settlement 
Agreement to any third party, except to the extent required by law or rule or in response 
to a validly issued subpoena from a governmental or regulatory agency. 
Moreover, 
neither this Settlement Agreement, nor any copy hereof, nor the terms hereof shall be 
EFTA00730041
--- PAGE 4 ---
used or disclosed in any court, arbitration, or other legal proceedings, except to enforce 
the provisions of this Settlement Agreement. If any of the Parties are's served with a 
valid subpoena, court order, government agency order or subpoena, or other 
compulsory legal process, pursuant to which disclosure of this Settlement Agreement, 
the settlement amount, or other terms hereof is requested, or production of the 
Settlement Agreement is requested, the Party so served shall give counsel for the other 
Party notice thereof within five (5) days of such service and, prior to making any such 
disclosure, shall give counsel to such other Party at least ten (10) days to commence 
necessary proceedings to obtain a court order preventing, limiting, or otherwise 
restricting such disclosure. 
5. 
Anonymity. Second Parties shall not release 
identity, 
name. or physical depiction, or otherwise identify 
absent 
express written waiver of her right to anonymity, outside of ongoing or future 
litigation-related or claim-related matters. 
First Parties acknowledge that Second 
Parties have no control over what other plaintiffs' attorneys, witnesses' attorneys, or 
witnesses may do or disclose in other cases regarding depositions and discovery. 
Second Parties may be required to subpoena and depose 
and call her 
at trial(s). Except as provided in this Settlement Aagreement, nothing shall prohibit 
Second Parties from conducting Jeffrey Epstein's defense, investigation, and trial(s) as 
his lawyers deem appropriate. Robert Josefsberg and Katherine Ezell are hereby 
deemed to have full authority to accept a subpoena from Second Parties on 
behalf, so that Second Parties are not in violation of the terms of Paragraph 6, 
No Contact. 
EFTA00730042
--- PAGE 5 ---
6. 
No Contact. 
Jeffrey Epstein agrees to continue to abide by Judge 
Marra's July 31, 2009 No Contact Order or any modification of same by the Court. so 
long as First Parties are given notice of any such modification and an opportunity to 
address this matter before the Court. 
7. 
Enforcement. This Settlement Agreement shall be governed by the laws 
of the State of Florida. 
In the event of litigation arising out of a dispute over the 
interpretation of this Settlement Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to 
recover its cost of litigation, including attorneys' fees and other reasonable costs of 
litigation. Should the federal court not retain jurisdiction, the Parties (and any third 
party) agree that the courts of the 15th Judicial Circuit of Palm Beach County shall have 
exclusive jurisdiction over the subject matter and shall have personal jurisdiction over 
the Parties (and third parties). In the event of an enforcement matter, the First Parties 
(and any third party family member) agree that Robert Josefsberg or Katherine Ezell is 
authorized to accept service for them, and Robert D. Craton, Jr. is authorized to accept 
service for Jeffrey Epstein. 
First and Second Parties expressly acknowledge and agree that, if either First or 
Second Parties allege that a breach of the confidentiality provision has occurred, or if 
First Parties allege that a breach of the anonymity or no contact provision has occurred, 
the aggrieved First or Second Parties may seek an appropriate remedy with the Court. 
If the Court finds a breach of the confidentiality, anonymity, or no contact provision set 
forth above, the Court shall determine the amount of the award. Equitable remedies are 
not relinquished by virtue of this provision: nor does either Party relinquish the right to 
pursue any other legal or equitable damages to which (s)he may be entitled as a result 
EFTA00730043
--- PAGE 6 ---
of the other Party's breach, including, but not limited to, prevailing party costs, to include 
attorneys' fees. 
8. 
Attorneys' Fees and Costs. 
This settlement does not include any 
amounts for attorneys' fees or costs. The Parties and their attorneys have agreed to 
resolve the amount of attorneys' fees and costs through the Special Master whom they 
have mutually selected, Sidney Stubbs, Esq. 
agrees that  any claims 
by her for attorneys. fees or costs is solely through her attorneys and the Special 
Master proceeding. 
9. 
Miscellaneous.
a. The Parties further confirm and acknowledge that this Settlement 
Agreement is being entered into without any duress or undue 
influence, and that they have had a full and complete opportunity to 
discuss the terms of the Ssettlement Acireementand this release with 
their own attorneys. 
b. 
agrees that it is her obligation to pay any outstanding 
bills relating to this matter from all healthcare providers, satisfy any 
healthcare provider obligations arising out of the injuries underlying her 
claim, and hold Second Parties harmless from same. This provision 
does not include health care evaluations, if any, which are considered 
costs paid for by 
counsel; these costs are subject to 
reimbursement by Second Parties, as previously agreed upon by the 
Parties' counsel, and subject to a decision by the Special Master if 
there is no agreement on the amount. 
Commented [fl]: Satlemera Anreemeei &heady defined nt the 
agreemeni and general reknit re the fro Neal/rack so don't need 
that !stoup. *mold be coemueni. 
sbenneit 
20*11.05 13:41:00 
EFTA00730044
--- PAGE 7 ---
c. This Settlement Agreement was negotiated and entered into by the 
Parties with the advice and assistance of respective  counsel. 
d. This Settlement Agreement may be executed by the Parties in 
counterparts on separate signature pages. 
e. The Parties and their counsel will cooperate to execute the necessary 
paperwork and court filings to carry out the terms of this Settlement 
Agreement. 
It is so agreed. 
Date 
STATE OF 
COUNTY OF 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Date 
BEFORE ME. the undersigned authority. personally appeared 
who is personally known to me or has produced  
as 
identification, and executed the foregoing instrument. 
WITNESS my hand and official seal this 
day of 
, 2009. 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH 
Justice of the Peace 
Print Name: 
Commission No.:  
My Commission Expires:  
EFTA00730045
--- PAGE 8 ---
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, personally appeared Jeffrey Epstein, 
who is personally known to me or has produced  
as 
identification, and executed the foregoing instrument. 
WITNESS my hand and official seal this 
day of 
 2009. 
Notary Public 
Print Name:  
Commission No.:  
My Commission Expires:  
For Any Notice Provision: 
1. For 
Robert C. Josefsbero. Esa. or 
Katherine W. Ezell. Esc. 
Podhurst Orseck. P.A. 
West Flagler Street. Suite 800 
Miami. FL 33130 
Phone: 305.358.2800 
Fax: 
305.358.2832 
2. For Jeffrey Epstein 
Robert D. Critton. Jr.. Esc. 
Burman. Critton. Luttier & Coleman. LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard. Suite 400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Phone: 561-842-2820 
Fax: 
561-253.0164 
or 
Jack Alan Goldberger. Est 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss. P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South. Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401-5012 
Phone: 561.659.8300 
Fax: 
561.835.8691 
EFTA00730046

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730047.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT FOR SETTLEMENT PURPOSES ONLY 
THIS AGREEMENT, entered into this 
day of August, 2010, by and among Jeffrey 
Epstein, L.S.J., LLC, Juan Pablo Molyneux, J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd., John Pierre Fancelli, 
and Fancelli Paneling, Inc. 
WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to settle all Disputes of any kind past and 
present that exist or may exist between them; 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual 
agreements, promises and other provisions contained herein, Jeffrey Epstein, L.S.J., LLC, 
Juan Pablo Molyneux, J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd., John Pierre Fancelli and Fancelli Paneling, 
Inc (the "Parties"), intending to be bound, hereby agree as follows: 
1. 
On or before August_, 2010, Molyneux shall wire transfer to the account of 
Jay Goldberg, P.C., Chase Manhattan Bank Acct. # 
9296 in the amount of 
$450,000, who agrees to further hold in escrow, in accordance with this Agreement, and to 
further contribute from the said account of Jay Goldberg, P.C. an additional sum of $50,000 
all to be paid to Jeffrey Epstein upon fulfillment of the provisions of this Agreement to an 
account designated in writing by Jeffrey Epstein. 
2. 
Darren Indyke shall hold in escrow general releases in the form annexed 
hereto as Exhibit B and upon fulfillment of the provisions of this Agreement, deliver such 
general releases to Jay Goldberg, P.C., 250 Park Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, New York 
10177. 
3. 
John Pierre Fancelli, Fancelli Paneling, Inc. shall undertake no later than _ 
day of _ 2010, upon receipt of a certification from Gary Kearny that the wood is dry, the 
restaining and refinishing of the cabinets on L.S.J. with the color previously agreed upon by 
Juan Pablo Molyneux, J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. and Jeffrey Epstein. 
4. 
John Pierre Fancelli, Fancelli Paneling, Inc., shall undertake no later than 
day of 
2010, to remedy the items listed in the "punch list" as set forth in Exhibit A. 
5. 
Upon the written declaration of Jeffrey Epstein, who shall act in a reasonable 
manner, attesting that the staining has satisfactorily been completed and the punch list 
items in Exhibit A having been remedied, or if there be no agreement and a dispute 
whether the work has been done in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Jeffrey Epstein, all 
parties agree that the dispute shall be laid before the Honorable Thomas Moore, former 
United States District Judge for the territory of the Virgin Islands who shall render a 
decision and find either that the work has been satisfactorily completed or set a date by 
which the work shall be completed, and his decision shall be final and non-appealable. 
6. 
Upon occurrence of either condition set forth in 5 above, Darren Indyke shall 
deliver the general releases in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit B, in favor of Juan Pablo 
EFTA00730047
--- PAGE 2 ---
Molyneux, J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd., John Pierre Fancelli, and Fancelli Paneling, Inc., which 
he has held in escrow to Jay Goldberg, P.C. 250 Park Avenue, 20'h Floor, New York, New 
York 10177 and Jay Goldberg, P.C., thereupon, shall wire the sum of $500,000 to an account 
designated in writing by Jeffrey Epstein. 
7. 
With the receipt of the general releases and the payment of the monies 
referred to above, Juan Pablo Molyneux and J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. shall file a dismissal 
with prejudice in the case of Juan Pablo Molyneux and J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. against 
Jeffrey Epstein, Case No. 3:10-cv-00034 now pending in the United States District Court for 
the Territory of the Virgin Islands. 
8. 
And it is further agreed, by entering into this Agreement, the Parties do not 
intend to make, nor shall they be deemed to have made, any admission of liability of any 
kind whatsoever. The Parties agree that they are entering into this Agreement for the 
purpose of settling certain disputes between them and to avoid further expense with 
respect to those disputes. 
9. 
The parties further agree that the existence, terms, and consideration paid 
pursuant to this Agreement are strictly confidential and that this Agreement will not be 
filed in any court, except in proceedings to enforce this Agreement No Party may reveal 
any facts about this Agreement or the terms of this settlement without the prior, written 
consent of each of the other Parties; provided, however, that a Party may disclose facts 
about the settlement (i) to its or his employees, accountants and attorneys who require the 
same for the purpose of performing their employment duties or providing professional 
services to such Party; (ii) to its insurers or re-insurers; (iii) as required by any law, 
regulation, or rule of a court or court agency; or (iv) in response to a duly authorized 
subpoena or court order. Before disclosing any facts about the settlement under provisos 
(i) or (ii) above, the Party making the disclosure shall inform the receiving party of the 
terms of this confidentiality provision and shall take reasonable measures to ensure that 
the receiving party agrees not to make further disclosures of the requested information. At 
least five business days prior to disclosing any facts about the settlement under provisos 
(iii) or (iv) above (other than in connection with proceedings to enforce the provisions of 
this Agreement), to the extent permissible by law, regulation, rule of a court or court 
agency or court order, the Party making or asked to make the disclosure shall inform each 
of the other Parties of the proposed disclosure or request for information, and shall, at the 
request of any Party and at the cost of such requesting Party, file any disclosure or 
response to the request for information about the settlement or the terms of this 
Agreement pursuant to a motion or other formal request that the information be 
maintained in confidence and/or held under seal. 
10. 
This Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties 
regarding the settlement of the Disputes. Each Party acknowledges that such Party has not 
executed this Agreement in reliance on any representation, inducement, promise, 
agreement, or warranty that is not contained in this Agreement 
EFTA00730048
--- PAGE 3 ---
11. 
The Parties agree that the prior drafting history of this Agreement shall not 
be used to construe any term of this Agreement This Agreement has been negotiated by 
each Party and such Party's respective attorneys, and the language hereof will not be 
construed for or against any such Party as the principal drafter of this Agreement 
12. 
The individuals signing this Agreement and the Parties on whose behalf such 
individuals are signing hereby represent and warrant that they are empowered and 
authorized to sign on behalf of and bind the Parties for whom they have signed. 
13. 
The Parties represent and warrant that, as of the Effective Date of this 
Agreement, they have not assigned, conveyed, or otherwise transferred the rights to any 
claims, demands, causes of action, rights, or obligations related in any way to the claims to 
be released in paragraphs 3(a) and 3 (b) to any other person or entity, nor shall they 
hereafter do so. 
14. 
Each Party agrees that this Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, 
successors, and assigns of each Party. 
15. 
Each Party represents and agrees that such Party: (i) has fully reviewed this 
Agreement and has had the opportunity to seek advice by independent counsel of its 
choosing with respect to the same; (ii) fully understands the terms of this Agreement and 
has entered into this Agreement voluntarily without any coercion or duress on the part of 
any person or entity; and (iii) was given adequate time to consider all implications of this 
Agreement prior to entering into it. 
16. 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of 
which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the 
same instrument Signatures of this Agreement transmitted by fax shall have the same 
effect as original signatures. 
17. 
This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written 
instrument executed by the duly authorized representatives of all of the Parties. Any 
waiver of any provision hereof must be in writing and signed by the party to be charged 
with such waiver. Any such waiver shall be effective only in the specific instance and for 
the specific purpose for which such waiver is given. No failure on the part of any Party to 
exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege under this Agreement 
shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power 
or privilege under this Agreement, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the 
exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. 
18. Should any litigation be instituted by any of the parties for the enforcement of 
the provisions of this Agreement, the losing party shall pay to the prevailing party, 
reasonable attorney's fees in an amount to be determined by the Court 
EFTA00730049
--- PAGE 4 ---
19. The fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement is intended to bar any and all 
actions, litigations, arbitrations and mediation between the parties for conduct now known 
or presently unknown. 
20. 
Any statements, communications or notices to be provided pursuant to this 
Agreement shall be in writing and sent by hand delivery or by reputable overnight courier 
to the attention of the Parties indicated below, until such time as notice of any change of 
person to be notified or change of address is forwarded to all Parties: 
(a) 
For Jeffrey Epstein and L.S.J., LLC: 
Darren K Indyke, Esq. 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
rk 10065 
(b) 
For Juan Pablo Molyneux, J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd., John Pierre 
Fancelli and Fancelli Paneling, Inc.: 
Jay Goldberg, Esq. 
250 Park Avenue 
Suite 2020 
York 10177 
21. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the Virgin Islands applicable to agreements entered into entirely within the Virgin 
Islands, without regard to the principles of Virgin Islands law regarding conflicts of laws. 
22. 
Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of any court sitting in the Virgin Islands over any suit, action or proceeding 
arising out of or relating to the Disputes. Each Party agrees that service of any process, 
summons, notice or document as provided in Section 14 hereof shall be effective service of 
process for any action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court 
Each Party 
irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such 
suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court and any claim that any such suit, action 
or proceeding brought in such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each 
Party agrees that a final, non-appealable judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding 
brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon such Party and may be 
enforced in any other courts to whose jurisdiction such Party is or may be subject, by suit 
upon judgment. 
EFTA00730050
--- PAGE 5 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed by themselves or their duly authorized representatives, as the case may be, as of 
the date of the day and year first above-written. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
L.S.J., LLC 
By 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Juan Pablo Molyneux 
JUAN PABLO MOLYNEUX STUDIO LTD. 
By 
Juan Pablo Molyneux 
John Pierre Fancelli 
FANCELLI PANELING, INC. 
By 
John Pierre Fancelli 
EFTA00730051

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730052.pdf
----------------------------------------
KE'S 10-30-09 
WITH RDC CHANGES 11-05-09 
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 
, individually, and Jeffrey Epstein, individually (jointly referred to 
as "Parties"), enter into this Settlement Agreement and General Release ("Settlement 
Agreement") in order to resolve the pending litigation between them as follows: 
1. 
Dismissal. The Parties agree to immediately dismiss the pending lawsuit 
presently styled Jane Doe No. 102 
vs. Jeffrey Epstein, Case No. 09-80656-CIV-
Marra/Johnson (Southern District of Florida), with prejudice upon payment and 
clearance of the settlement amount; however, the Court will be asked to retain 
jurisdiction to enforce the terms of this Settlement Agreement. 
2. 
General Release. 
and her agent(s), attorney(s), 
predecessor(s), successor(s), heir(s), administrator(s), and/or assign(s) (hereinafter, 
"First Parties"), for and in consideration of the sum of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 
($500,000.00) and other valuable considerations, received from or on behalf of Jeffrey 
Epstein and his agent(s), 
attorney(s), 
predecessor(s), successor(s), heir(s), 
administrator(s), assign(s) and/or employee(s) (hereinafter, "Second Parties"), the 
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, 
HEREBY remise, release, acquit, satisfy, and forever discharge the said Second 
Parties and any other person or entity ("Other Potential Defendants") who could have 
been included as a potential defendant 
' claim against-Jeffrey-Epstein 
ef-and-from all, and all manner of, action and actions of 
, including State 
or Federal, cause and causes of action (common law or statutory), suits, debts, dues, 
EFTA00730052
--- PAGE 2 ---
sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, 
controversies, agreements, promises, variances, trespasses, damages, judgments, 
executions, claims, and demands whatsoever in law or in equity for compensatory or 
punitive damages that said First Parties ever had or now have, or that any personal 
representative, successor, heir, or assign of said First Parties hereafter can, shall, or 
may have, against Jeffrey Epstein, or Other Potential Defendants for, upon, or by 
reason of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever (whether known or unknown), from 
the beginning of the world to the day of this release. The issue of amount of attorneys' 
fees and costs is specifically addressed in Paragraph 8, Attorneys' Fees and Costs. 
It is further agreed that this Settlement Agreement represents a final resolution of 
a disputed claim and is intended to avoid litigation. This Settlement Agreement shall not 
be construed to be an admission of liability or fault by any party. Additionally, as a 
material consideration in settling, First Parties and Second Parties agree that the terms 
of this Settlement Agreement are not intended to be used by any other person nor be 
admissible in any proceeding or case against or involving Jeffrey Epstein, either civil or 
criminal. 
First and Second Parties further stipulate and agree that this Settlement 
Agreemenkwhieh is pursuant,-exeltisS§-22-55
; to and is in fulfillment of 
Jeffrey Epstein's obligations to 
, exclusive of attorneys' fees and costs, 
pursuant to and in conformity with  the Non-Prosecution Agreement, its Addendum, and 
its Affirmation (collectively, the "NPA"), between Jeffrey Epstein and the United States 
Attorney for the Southern District of Florida. 
First and Second Parties further stipulate and agree that this Settlement 
EFTA00730053
--- PAGE 3 ---
Agreement should not in any way be construed as an admission by Jeffrey Epstein that 
he violated any federal statute that constitutes a predicate for a damage claim under 18 
U.S.C. § 2255; or an admission that he violated any other federal or state statute,r ec 
that-S6GOR4-Partie
gal-right-te
defencl-ether-cases-where-darnages 
oxcooding tho statutory minimum for 18 U.S.C. § 2255 claims aro caught and where 3 
plaintiff-waives-her-right-te-bfi4g-seit-uneter-any-federalr  state-er-sentrnen-l.aw-theery 
ether-than 18-U,S,C,§-2255er-where-a-cfaimant-was-net-en-the "list" referenced-in the 
NPA-provided-i^-Jeffrey-Epstein-after-his-ple& 
3. 
Payment. Payment of the settlement funds has been made to 
attorneys' trust account, but may not be released until this agreement has 
been executed and  the case is dismissed with prejudice. 
4. 
Reciprocal Confidentiality. The Parties agree that the amount of this 
settlement shall be kept strictly confidential and shall not be disclosed at any time to any 
third party, except: (a) immediate family members of the Parties (whose identities must 
be provided as "Eyes Only" to Sidney Stubbs, Esq., Special Master, in a sealed 
envelope to be opened only if a third party is alleged to have breached this provision), 
(b) to the extent required by law or rule, (c) to the extent necessary in connection with 
medical treatment, legal. financial, accounting or tax services. or appropriate tax 
reporting purposes, (only if necessary), (d) in the event that all or part of the proceeds of 
this settlement are to be placed in trust for 
to the trustees of such trust, 
or (e) in response to a validly issued subpoena from a governmental or regulatory 
agency. Any third party who is advised of the settlement amount must sign a document 
acknowledging that such third party is aware of this confidentiality provision and is 
EFTA00730054
--- PAGE 4 ---
bound by it, including the provisions contained in this Settlement Aqreement relating to 
the enforcement of this confidentiality provision. The Parties further agree that the 
Parties shall not provide any copy, in whole or in part, or in any form, of this Settlement 
Agreement to any third party, except to the extent required by law or rule or in response 
to a validly issued subpoena from a governmental or regulatory agency. 
Moreover, 
neither this Settlement Agreement, nor any copy hereof, nor the terms hereof shall be 
used or disclosed in any court, arbitration, or other legal proceedings, except to enforce 
the provisions of this Settlement Agreement. If any of the Parties is served with a valid 
subpoena, court order, government agency order or subpoena, or other compulsory 
legal process, pursuant to which disclosure of this Settlement Agreement, the 
settlement amount or other terms hereof is requested or production of the Settlement 
Agreement is requested, the Party so served shall give counsel for the other Party 
notice thereof within five (5) days of such service and, prior to making any such 
disclosure, shall give counsel to such other Party at least ten (10) days to commence 
necessary proceedings to obtain a court order preventing, limiting or otherwise 
restricting such disclosure. The-Pafties-agree-that-the-ameeh4-ef-thts-isettlement-shall-be 
kept-strictly cenficleetial-and-shall net-be-disclosed-at-any time to-any-third-party ether 
than-inweediate-family-reerrase-identityfies)-fhest-be-pfevided-a
yes-Onlyf 
te-Stetney-Stublasr  E-sc
pestal-Masterr tn-a-sealecl-ertvelepe-te-be-opertecl-enly-i4-a 
thtrcl-party-has-atlegecl-te-have-breae.hetl-this-pf-VASiG4)r  uhless-etherwise-regetretl-lay 
law-er-reler
 er-as-necessary-th-eshhectien-with-rsectical-treatmehtr
accounting,er-tax-services,
 tax roporting purpeses trustees-whe-receive 
preseeds-ef-this-feeraLer-in-respense-te-inquiry-frece-a-geweremental-er-regulatefy 
EFTA00730055
--- PAGE 5 ---
agensy,Any-subb-pereens-te-whem-the-aff10614t-ef-this-settlemeat-i.s-diselesed-afa-alee 
bound-ty-tnis-provision,—MereeveMbe-terms-ef-this-Settlement-Agreement-shall net-be 
used-eediselesed-in-any-eeurtafhitratienr  ef-ether-legal-preeeedingsexeept-te-enferee 
the provisions of this Sottlomont Agroomont. Any third party who is advicod of tho 
cottlomont amount must cign a documont acknowlodging thoy aro awaro of this 
benklentialitypreviSieR-ancl-ace-beend-4-itr inbleeing-entereement-proVierio4er 
5. 
Anonymity. Second Parties shall not release 
la 
identity, 
name, or physical depiction, or otherwise identify 
absent 
express written waiver of her right to anonymity, outside of ongoing or future 
litigation-related or claim-related matters. 
First Parties acknowledge that Second 
Parties have no control over what other plaintiffs' attorneys, witnesses' attorneys, or 
witnesses may do or disclose  in other cases regarding depositions and discovery. 
Second Parties may be required to subpoena and depose 
and call her 
at trial(s). 
Except as provided in this agreement, nothing  Nothing outcido of this 
Settlernent-Agreernenshall prohibit Second Parties from conducting Jeffrey Epstein's 
defense, investigation, and trial(s) as his lawyers deem appropriate. 
Josefsberg 
and Katherine Ezell are hereby deemed to have full authority to accept a subpoena from 
Second Parties on 
behalf, so that Second Parties are not in violation of 
the terms of Paragraph 6, No Contact. 
6. 
No Contact. 
Jeffrey Epstein agrees to continue to abide by Judge 
Marra's July 31, 2009 No Contact Order or any modification of same by the Court, so 
long as First Parties are given notice of any such modification and an opportunity to 
address this matter before the Court. 
EFTA00730056
--- PAGE 6 ---
7. 
Enforcement. This Settlement Agreement shall be governed by the laws 
of the State of Florida. 
In the event of litigation arising out of a dispute over the 
interpretation of this Settlement Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to 
recover its cost of litigation, including attorneys' fees and other reasonable costs of 
litigation. Should the federal court not retain jurisdiction, the Parties (and any third 
party) agree that the courts of the 15th Judicial Circuit of Palm Beach County shall have 
exclusive jurisdiction over the subject matter and shall have personal jurisdiction over 
the Parties (and third parties). In the event of an enforcement matter, the First Parties 
(and any third party family member) agree that Robert Josefsberg or Katherine Ezell is 
authorized to accept service for them, and Robert D. Critton, Jr. is authorized to accept 
service for Jeffrey Epstein. 
First and Second Parties expressly acknowledge and agree that, if either First or 
Second Parties allege that a breach of the confidentiality provision has occurred, or if 
First Parties allege that a breach of the anonymity or no contact provision has occurred, 
the aggrieved First or Second Parties may seek an appropriate remedy with the Court. 
If the Court finds a breach of the confidentiality, anonymity, or no contact provision set 
forth above, the Court shall determine the amount of the award. Equitable remedies are 
not relinquished by virtue of this provision; nor does either Party relinquish the right to 
pursue any other legal or equitable damages to which (s)he may be entitled as a result 
of the other Party's breach, including, but not limited to, prevailing party costs, to include 
attorneys' fees. 
8. 
Attorneys' Fees and Costs. 
This settlement does not include any 
amounts for attorneys' fees or costs. The Parties and their attorneys have agreed to 
EFTA00730057
--- PAGE 7 ---
resolve the amount of attorneys' fees and costs through the Special Master whom they 
have mutually selected, Sidney Stubbs, Esq. 
agrees any claims by her 
for attorneys fees or costs is solely through her attorneys and the Special Master 
proceeding. 
9. 
Miscellaneous.
a. The Parties further confirm and acknowledge that this Settlement 
Agreement is being entered into without any duress or undue 
influence, and that they have had a full and complete opportunity to 
discuss the terms of the  settlement and this release with their own 
attorneys. 
b. 
agrees that it is her obligation to pay any outstanding 
bills relating to this matter from all healthcare providers, satisfy any 
healthcare provider obligations arising out of the injuries underlying her 
claim, and hold Second Parties harmless from same. This provision 
does not include health care evaluations, if any, which are considered 
costs paid for by 
counsel; these costs are subject to 
reimbursement by Second Parties, as previously agreed upon by the 
Parties' counsel:, and subject to a decision by the Special Master if 
there is no agreement. 
c. This Settlement Agreement was negotiated and entered into by the 
Parties with the advice and assistance of counsel. 
d. This Settlement Agreement may be executed by the Parties in 
counterparts on separate signature pages. 
EFTA00730058
--- PAGE 8 ---
e. The Parties and their counsel will cooperate to execute the necessary 
paperwork and court filings to carry out the terms of this Settlement 
Agreement. 
EFTA00730059
--- PAGE 9 ---
It is so agreed. 
Date 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Date 
STATE OF 
COUNTY OF 
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, personally appeared 
who is personally known to me or has produced  
identification, and executed the foregoing instrument. 
, as 
WITNESS my hand and official seal this 
day of 
, 2009. 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH 
Justice of the Peace 
Print Name:  
Commission No.:  
My Commission Expires:  
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, personally appeared Jeffrey Epstein 
who is personally known to me or has produced  
 as 
identification, and executed the foregoing instrument. 
WITNESS my hand and official seal this 
day of 
, 2009. 
EFTA00730060
--- PAGE 10 ---
Notary Public 
Print Name:  
Commission No.:  
My Commission Expires:  
For Any Notice Provision: 
1. For 
Robert C. Josefsberg, ESQ. or 
Katherine W. Ezell. Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami. FL 33130 
Phone: 305-358-2800 
Fax: 
305-358-2832 
2. For Jeffrey Epstein 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq. 
Burman, Critton, Luther & Coleman, LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Phone: 561-842-2820 
Fax: 
561-253-0164 
or 
Jack Alan Goldberger. Esc:. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South. Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401-5012 
Phone: 561-659-8300 
Fax: 
561-835-8691 
I0 
EFTA00730061

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730062.pdf
----------------------------------------
03/10/2000 17:02 FAX 5815153148 
BURMAN CRITTON LUTTIER 
QD003/010 
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 
individually, on the one hand, and Jeffrey Epstein and 
on the other hand, (jointly referred to as °Parties, enter into this Settlement 
Agreement and General Release ("Settlement Agreement") in order to resolve the pending 
litigation (the "Litigation") between them as follows: 
1. 
Case No. 502008CA006596,000048 AB. 
The Parties 
agrees to 
Immediately dismiss the pending lawsuit presently styled Jane Doe, by and through Jane 
Doe's Mother as parent and natural guardian v. Jeffrey Epstein, 
M, 
and 
Case No. 502008CA006598)0OO(MB AB (Fla. 15th Jud. Cir. Ct.) with prejudice 
upon payment and clearance of the settlement amount. Each party shall bear their own 
fees and costs. 
2. 
General Release. 
and each of her agents, attorneys, 
predecessors, successors, heirs, administrators and assigns (hereinafter 'First Parties"), 
for and in consideration of the sum of Fifty Thousand Dollars, ($50.000.00) or other 
valuable considerations, received from or on behalf of Jeffrey Epstein, by (hereinafter 
"Second Parties"), the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, 
(wherever used herein the terms "First Parties" and "Second Parties" shall 
include singu) 
representatives. Second Parties 
also includes 
and any other person who could 
have been included as a efe an 
eintiffs claim.) 
HEREBY remise, release, acquit, satisfy, and forever discharge the said Second 
Parties of and from all, and all manner of action and actions (State or Federal), cause and 
causes of action (common law or statutory), suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts. 
reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements. 
PZE3t10' 
AT3t1C0095111:93 PM lEastem Drfight Timer SaRICHTFAXII. DNS:1675' CSC:56151531W DURATION immis):0148 
EFTA00730062
--- PAGE 2 ---
03/10/2009 17:02 FAX 5615153148 
BURMAN CRITTON LUTT:ER 
V)04/010 
promises, variances, trespasses, damages, judgments, executions, claims and demands 
whatsoever in law or in equity for compensatory or punitive damages which said First 
Parties ever had, now has, or which any personal representative, successor, heir or assign 
of said First Parties, hereafter can, shall or may have, against said Second Parties, for, 
upon or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever (whether known or unknown), 
from the beginning of the world to the day of this release. 
It is further agreed that this is the settlement of a disputed claim and is intended to 
avoid litigation and shall not be construed to be an admission of liability or fault by any 
Party. 
The First Parties further confirm and acknowledge that thls settlement and release is 
being entered into without any duress or undue influence, and she has had a full and 
complete opportunity to discuss the settlement and this release with hor attorneys. 
The First Parties agree to pay any outstanding bills relating to this matter from all 
healthcare providers and satisfy any liens arising out of her claim and to hold Second Party 
harmless from same, including costs and attorneys' fees. 
3. 
Enforcement. This Settlement Agreement shall be governed by the laws of 
the State of Florida. Any dispute arising out of this Settlement Agreement shall be 
resolved exclusively in the courts of Palm Beach County, Florida. In the event of litigation 
arising out of a dispute over the Interpretation of this Settlement Agreement, the preva-ling 
party shall be entitled to recover its cost of litigation, Including attorney fees and other 
reasonable costs of litigation. 
4. 
Payment, Payment of the settlement funds shall be made to Plaintiff and her 
attorneys within 10 days of the signing of this agreement by all parties. 
PAGE 
MT 
li10;2N9 5:04:55 PM [Eastern Cayllp Tinter SVR:RIGHTF104 DI41675 ' CU:561515314S DURCICI (rms):01.35 
EFTA00730063
--- PAGE 3 ---
03/10/2008 17:02 FAX 5815153148 
BURMAN CRITTON IUTTIER 
a 005/010 
5. 
Miscellaneous. This Settlement Agreement was negotiated and entered 
into by the parties with the advice and assistance of counsel. This Settlement Agreement 
may he executed by the parties in counterparts on separate signature pages. The parties 
and their counsel will cooperate to execute the necessary paperwork and court filings to 
cant' out the terms of this Settlement Agreement. 
It is So Agreed: 
Date 
STATE OF  eflOCida 
) 
COUNTY OF 4theitheciuk 
) 
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, personally appeared Mantilie
tt
— 
vJ 
who is personally known to me or has produced  persoy,Aki kmaur, as identification, 
and executed the foregoing instrument. 
WITNESS my hand and official seal this S
, 2009. 
Notary P blic j
Print Na e:  1, 1Avt 
Commission No.:  
it It 
My Commission Expires: 
b 4$3q741 
-2-009 
PAGE51101RCY0 AT 116120095;n:56Phl [Eastern Daylight Timer SVItRIGHTTIWO' Dhi3:16/51 CSID:5815153148 DRIATION (nriss):014I 
EFTA00730064
--- PAGE 4 ---
03/10/2009 17* 02 FAX 
5815153148 
BURMAN CRIT70N LUTHER 
VI 008/010 
STATE OF 
COUNTY OF 
) ) 
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, personally appeared Jeffrey Epstein who 
is personally known to me or has produced 
, as identification, and 
executed the foregoing instrument. 
WITNESS my hand and official sea! this 
day of 
 2009. 
STATE OF 
COUNTY OF 
Notary Public 
Print Name: 
Commission No.:  
My Commission Expires:  
) ) 
undersigned authority, personally appeared 
who 
or has produced  
, 
en ca io 1, and 
()mg instrument. 
WITNESS my hand and official seal 
N0WYPinauc-srArs AWFLORMA 
D
 "
Co 
# D656882 
)Vimmission
Want Patricia Arthuso 
sisri
aotair' Expires. MAY 04, 2011 
LAARIC EXIXD:NG co, INC 
Notary Public, 
Print Name: lilt)
Commission No.: 
My Commission Expires: 
day of  (lb\  G91 
 , 2009. 
PAGE MO' RCM AT 31012a99 514:56 PM [Eastern Dajilght Time] SVRAIGHTFAVY DI43:1675` CH:5615153148 ' DURATION (mm•ss):01.36 
EFTA00730065

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730066.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730066.pdf
----------------------------------------
THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND RELEASE ("Agreement") is entered 
into as of this 
day of November, 2010, by and among Juan Pablo Molyneux ("JP"), 
J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. ("Studio", and together with JP, "Molyneux,") L.S.J., LLC 
("LSJ") and Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"). 
WHEREAS, disputes have arisen between Molyneux and Studio, on the one 
hand, and LSJ and Epstein (collectively the "Parties"), on the other hand, relating to, 
among other things, payments and deliverables in connection with design and 
related services by Molyneux for LSJ and/or Epstein with respect to Little St. James 
Island and other properties beneficially owned by Epstein (the "Disputes"); and 
WHEREAS, the Parties are parties to a lawsuit now pending before the 
District Court of the Virgin Islands, Division of St. Thomas and St. John, under Case 
No. 3:10-cv-00034 (the "Lawsuit"); and 
WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to settle all Disputes and the Lawsuit as 
provided in this Agreement; 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the 
mutual agreements, promises and other provisions contained herein, the Parties, 
intending to be bound, hereby agree as follows: 
EFTA00730066
--- PAGE 2 ---
1. 
The Parties agree to settle the Disputes and the Lawsuit, upon, subject 
to and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement 
2. 
Molyneux shall pay Epstein Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 
($500,000) (the "Settlement Sum") by wire transfer of that amount to the account 
designated in writing on Exhibit 1 on the following schedule: 
(a) 
One Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($125,000) within five 
business days of signing this Agreement; 
(b) 
One Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($125,000) within thirty 
(30) days thereafter; 
(c) 
One Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($125,000) within thirty 
(30) days thereafter; and 
(d) 
One Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($125,000) within thirty 
(30) days thereafter. 
Upon full payment of the Settlement Sum, all claims that are, were, or could have 
been asserted in connection with the Disputes and the Lawsuit shall be released and 
extinguished, except for claims to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or the 
Office Design Agreement of even date herewith (the "Office Design Agreement"). It 
is expressly acknowledged that the Office Design Agreement provides its own 
remedies for any breach thereof, shall not affect the release provisions in this 
Agreement, and should not be argued, construed or treated as an inducement to the 
execution of this Agreement 
EFTA00730067
--- PAGE 3 ---
3. 
(a) Epstein and LSJ and each of their successors, assigns, principals, 
heirs, executors and administrators (collectively, the "Epstein Releasors") hereby 
fully and irrevocably release each of JP and Studio, and each of their successors, 
assigns, principals, heirs, executors, and administrators (collectively, the "Molyneux 
Releasees"), of and from any and all manner of claims, demands, rights, liabilities, 
losses, obligations, duties, damages, debts, expenses, interest, penalties, sanctions, 
fees, attorneys' fees, costs, actions, potential actions, causes of action, suits, 
agreements, judgments, decrees, matters, issues and controversies of any kind, 
nature or description whatsoever, whether known or unknown, disclosed or 
undisclosed, accrued or unaccrued, apparent or not apparent, foreseen or 
unforeseen, matured or not matured, suspected or unsuspected, liquidated or not 
liquidated, fixed 
or 
contingent, 
whether 
direct, 
derivative, 
individual, 
representative, legal, equitable, or of any type, or in any other capacity, whether 
based on state, local, foreign, federal, statutory, regulatory, common, or other law, 
for, upon or by reason of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever in any way relating 
to, involving, referring to, arising out of, or based upon, directly or indirectly, any 
actions, transactions, occurrences, statements, representations, misrepresentations, 
omissions, allegations, facts, practices, events, claims or any other matters or things 
whatsoever, or any series thereof, existing or occurring on or prior to the date 
hereof, including without limitation those relating in any way to the Disputes or the 
Lawsuit. Anything to the contrary in this Section 3(a) notwithstanding, nothing 
EFTA00730068
--- PAGE 4 ---
herein shall release the Molyneux Releasees from any of their respective joint or 
several obligations under this Agreement or the Office Design Agreement 
(b) 
JP and Studio and each of their successors, assigns, principals 
heirs, executors and administrators (collectively, the "Molyneux Releasers") hereby 
fully and irrevocably release each of Epstein and LSJ, and each of their successors, 
assigns, principals, heirs, executors, and administrators (collectively, the "Epstein 
Releasees"), of and from any and all manner of claims, demands, rights, liabilities, 
losses, obligations, duties, damages, debts, expenses, interest, penalties, sanctions, 
fees, attorneys' fees, costs, actions, potential actions, causes of action, suits, 
agreements, judgments, decrees, matters, issues and controversies of any kind, 
nature or description whatsoever, whether known or unknown, disclosed or 
undisclosed, accrued or unaccrued, apparent or not apparent, foreseen or 
unforeseen, matured or not matured, suspected or unsuspected, liquidated or not 
liquidated, fixed 
or 
contingent, 
whether 
direct, 
derivative, 
individual, 
representative, legal, equitable, or of any type, or in any other capacity, whether 
based on state, local, foreign, federal, statutory, regulatory, common, or other law, 
for, upon or by reason of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever in any way relating 
to, involving, referring to, arising out of, or based upon, directly or indirectly, any 
actions, transactions, occurrences, statements, representations, misrepresentations, 
omissions, allegations, facts, practices, events, claims or any other matters or things 
whatsoever, or any series thereof, existing or occurring on or prior to the date 
hereof relating in any way to the Disputes or the Lawsuit. Anything to the contrary 
EFTA00730069
--- PAGE 5 ---
in this Section 3(b) notwithstanding, nothing herein shall release the Epstein 
Releasees from any of their respective joint or several obligations under this 
Agreement or the Office Design Agreement. 
4. 
(a) 
The Epstein Releasors expressly covenant not to sue or initiate, 
prosecute, participate in or otherwise pursue any claim or cause or action against 
the Molyneux Releasors arising out of or relating to any action as to which a release 
has been given pursuant to this Agreement It is expressly acknowledged that this 
covenant not to sue is a material inducement for Molyneux to enter into this 
Agreement 
(b) 
The Molyneux Releasors expressly covenant not to sue or 
initiate, prosecute, participate in or otherwise pursue any claim or cause of action 
against the Epstein Releasees arising out of or relating to any action as to which a 
release has been given pursuant to this Agreement It is expressly acknowledged 
that this covenant not to sue is a material inducement for Epstein and LSJ to enter 
into this agreement 
5. 
The Parties agree to promptly request the Court presiding over the 
Lawsuit to dismiss the Lawsuit with prejudice and without costs as to any Party 
thereto, and to execute and deliver to each other any and all such documents as are 
reasonably necessary to effectuate the purpose of this Agreement. 
EFTA00730070
--- PAGE 6 ---
6. 
By entering into this Agreement, the Parties do not intend to make, 
nor shall they be deemed to have made, any admission of liability of any kind 
whatsoever. The Parties agree that they are entering into this Agreement for the 
purpose of settling the Disputes and to avoid further expense with respect to the 
Disputes. 
7. 
The Parties agree that the existence, terms, and consideration paid 
pursuant to this Agreement are strictly confidential and that this Agreement will not 
be filed in any court, except in proceedings to enforce this Agreement or the Office 
Design Agreement. No Party may reveal any facts about this Agreement or the 
terms of this settlement without the prior, written consent of each of the other 
Parties; provided, however, that a Party may disclose facts about the settlement (i) 
to its or his employees, accountants and attorneys who require the same for the 
purpose of performing their employment duties or providing professional services 
to such Party; (ii) to its or his insurers or re-insurers; (iii) as required by any law, 
regulation, or rule of a court or court agency; or (iv) in response to a duly authorized 
subpoena or court order. Before disclosing any facts about the settlement under 
provisos (i) or (ii) above, the Party making the disclosure shall inform the receiving 
party of the terms of this confidentiality provision and shall take reasonable 
measures to ensure that the receiving party agrees not to make further disclosures 
of the requested information. At least five business days prior to disclosing any 
facts about the settlement under provisos (iii) or (iv) above (other than in 
connection with proceedings to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or the 
EFTA00730071
--- PAGE 7 ---
Office Design Agreement), to the extent permissible by law, regulation, rule of a 
court or court agency or court order, the Party making or asked to make the 
disclosure shall inform each of the other Parties of the proposed disclosure or 
request for information, and shall, at the request of any Party and at the cost of such 
requesting Party, file any disclosure or response to the request for information 
about the settlement or the terms of this Agreement pursuant to a motion or other 
formal request that the information be maintained in confidence and/or held under 
seal. 
8. 
The Parties agree that the prior drafting history of this Agreement 
shall not be used to construe any term of this Agreement. This Agreement has been 
negotiated by each Party and such Party's respective attorneys, and the language 
hereof will not be construed for or against any such Party as the principal drafter of 
this Agreement. 
9. 
The individuals signing this Agreement and the Parties on whose 
behalf such individuals are signing hereby represent and warrant that they are 
empowered and authorized to sign on behalf of and bind the Parties for whom they 
have signed. 
10. 
The Parties represent and warrant that, as of the Effective Date of this 
Agreement, they have not assigned, conveyed, or otherwise transferred the rights to 
any claims, demands, causes of action, rights, or obligations related in any way to 
EFTA00730072
--- PAGE 8 ---
the claims to be released in paragraphs 3(a) and 3 (b) to any other person or entity, 
nor shall they hereafter do so. 
11. 
Each Party agrees that this Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, 
successors, and assigns of each Party. 
12. 
Each Party represents and agrees that such Party: (i) has fully 
reviewed this Agreement and has had the opportunity to seek advice by 
independent counsel of its choosing with respect to the same; (ii) fully understands 
the terms of this Agreement and has entered into this Agreement voluntarily 
without any coercion or duress on the part of any person or entity; (iii) was given 
adequate time to consider all implications of this Agreement prior to entering into 
it; and (iv) acknowledges that this Agreement supersedes all prior agreements 
between the Parties, including but not limited to the Settlement Agreement and 
Design Services Agreement, both dated May 15, 2009. 
13. 
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties 
regarding the matters contained therein. Each Party acknowledges that such Party 
has not executed this Agreement in reliance on any representation, inducement, 
promise, agreement, or warranty that is not contained in this Agreement. 
14. 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each 
of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one 
EFTA00730073
--- PAGE 9 ---
and the same instrument Signatures of this Agreement transmitted by fax shall 
have the same effect as original signatures. 
15. 
This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written 
instrument executed by the duly authorized representatives of all of the Parties. 
Any waiver of any provision hereof must be in writing and signed by the party to be 
charged with such waiver. Any such waiver shall be effective only in the specific 
instance and for the specific purpose for which such waiver is given. No failure on 
the part of any Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or 
privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any 
single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under this Agreement, 
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, 
power or privilege hereunder. 
16. 
Any statements, communications or notices to be provided pursuant 
to this Agreement shall be in writing and sent by hand delivery or by reputable 
overnight courier to the attention of the Parties indicated below, until such time as 
notice of any change of person to be notified or change of address is forwarded to all 
Parties: 
(a) 
For Epstein and LSJ: 
Darren K Indyke, Esq. 
EFTA00730074
--- PAGE 10 ---
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
(b) 
For JP and Studio: 
East 69th Street 
New York, New York 10021 
With a courtesy copy to: 
Jay Goldberg, Esq. 
250 Park Avenue 
Suite 2020 
New York, New York 10177 
17. 
In the event of any claimed breach, any Party claimed to have been 
aggrieved shall provide the other Party with fifteen (15) business days written 
notice and opportunity to cure. In the event of any breach by Molyneux that 
remains uncured following such notice, Epstein's sole and exclusive remedy shall be 
acceleration of any payments not yet due, and a claim for all unpaid portions of the 
Settlement Sum, giving credit to Molyneux for all amounts previously paid, and in no 
event may Epstein make any claim arising out of the Disputes or the Lawsuit 
EFTA00730075
--- PAGE 11 ---
18. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements entered into 
entirely within the State of New York, without regard to the principles of New York 
law regarding conflicts of laws. 
19. 
Each Party agrees that any dispute arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement or entering into it shall be resolved by arbitration before the American 
Arbitration Association ("AAA") by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial 
Rules, or JAMS if AAA is unavailable, with the arbitrator empowered to award costs 
and attorney's fees to the prevailing party; and each party irrevocably and 
unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any court sitting in New 
York County over any proceeding arising out of or relating to such arbitration. Each 
Party agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document as provided 
herein shall be effective service of process for any arbitration or proceeding relating 
thereto. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the 
laying of venue of any such arbitration or proceeding relating thereto and any claim 
that any such arbitration or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
Each Party agrees that a final, non-appealable judgment in any such suit, action or 
proceeding brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon such 
Party and may be enforced in any other courts to whose jurisdiction such Party is or 
may be subject, by suit upon judgment 
EFTA00730076
--- PAGE 12 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to 
be executed by themselves or their duly authorized representatives, as the case may 
be, as of the date of the day and year first above-written. 
J.P. MOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. 
By: 
Juan Pablo Molyneux 
President 
JUAN PABLO MOLYNEUX 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
L.S.J., LLC 
EFTA00730077
--- PAGE 13 ---
By: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Member 
EFTA00730078

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730079.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730079.pdf
----------------------------------------
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
THIS S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), dated as of 
the Effective Date stated below, is made by and between Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation 
("Sikorsky") and the Customer named below. 
I. 
DEFINITIONS /INFORMATION FOR THIS AGREEMENT 
1. 
Customer: 
2. 
Sikorsky Contract No: 
3. 
Helicopter Quantity: 
4. 
Scheduled Presentation Date 
Helicopter: 
5. 
Scheduled Presentation Date 
Completion Services: 
6. 
Helicopter Unit Price: 
7. 
Completion Services Unit Price: 
8. 
Custom Helicopter Unit Price: 
9. 
Total Contract Price: 
10. Payment Schedule: 
a. Helicopter Advance Payment: 
Shmitka Air Inc. 
76DD7702 
One (1) 
October, 2011 (or sooner at Sikorsky's 
option) 
Subject to Confirmation Immediately Prior to 
Execution 
April, 2012 (or sooner at Sikorsky's option) 
Subject to Confirmation Immediately Prior to 
Execution 
US$8,900,000 
US$3,500,000 
US$12,400,000 
US$12,400,000 
20% of the Total Contract Price 
(less any previously remitted deposit amount) 
due on the date Customer signs this 
Agreement. 
US$2,380,000 
(US$2,480,000 less $100,000 deposit paid by 
Customer prior to the Effective Date) 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pagc I of IS 
EFTA00730079
--- PAGE 2 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
b. Helicopter Final Payment: 
d. Completion Services Final 
Payment: 
11. Customer's Contact for Technical 
Issues: 
12. Customer's Contact Details for 
Legal Notices and Invoices 
(including, (a) name and title, (b) 
mailing address for notices and 
invoices, (c) department/ 
organization for notices, (d) phone 
number, and (e) e-mail address): 
65% of the Total Contract Price due upon 
acceptance of the Helicopter pursuant to 
Article III.2, subject to Article III.1. 
US$8,060,000 
15% of the Completion Services Unit Price 
due upon acceptance of the Completion 
Services pursuant to Article III.6, subject to 
Article III.5. 
US$1,860,000 
Larry Visoski 
Chief Pilot 
Shmitka Air Inc. 
1131 Pine Point Road 
Sin er Island, FL 33404 
Darren K. Indyke 
Vice-President 
Shmitka Air Inc. 
do Darren K. Indyke PLLC 
301 East 66th Street 10B 
New York, NY 10065 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pagc 2 of 18 
EFTA00730080
--- PAGE 3 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
II. 
SIKORSKY'S COMMITMENTS TO THE CUSTOMER 
1. 
Sale and Delivery — Sikorsky shall sell and deliver to the Customer, and the Customer 
shall purchase from Sikorsky, the Quantity of Sikorsky Model S-76D Helicopters 
equipped with the items of additional equipment specified in Exhibit A, Part 1 (the 
"Helicopter"). 
The Helicopter shall be delivered and, subject to the conditions, 
requirements and other provisions contained in this Agreement, acceptance of the 
Helicopter shall take place at Sikorsky's designated facility, in Pennslyvania (the 
"Designated Facility") and title to the Helicopter shall be transferred to the Customer or 
Customer's designee in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 
2. 
Performance of Completion Services — Sikorsky shall sell and perform the Completion 
Services for Customer and Customer shall purchase the Completion Services on the 
Helicopter, which, as a result of such Completion Services, will then be equipped with 
the items of additional equipment specified in Exhibit A, Part 2 (the "Custom 
Helicopter"). The Completion Services shall be performed subsequent to title transfer 
with Sikorsky retaining custody of the Helicopter subsequent to title transfer to perform 
the Completion Services at a Sikorsky designated completion center (the "Designated 
Completion Center"). 
Following the arrival of the Helicopter at the Designated Completion Center, the 
configuration items specified in Exhibit A, Annex 1, shall be removed from the 
Helicopter and retained by Sikorsky. These configuration items shall be either deleted or 
replaced by the Customer's items of additional equipment specified in Exhibit A, Part 2 
as part of the Completion Services. 
3. 
Publications and Training — Sikorsky shall make available to Customer: 
(i) the 
technical publications described in Exhibit B, and (ii) the training described in Exhibit C. 
4. 
Helicopter Warranty — the terms of Sikorsky's limited warranty are set forth in Exhibit 
D. 
5. 
Spare Parts Provisioning and Technical Support - Sikorsky recommends that a 
provisioning conference should be held between the Customer and representatives of 
Sikorsky Aerospace Services ("SAS"), Sikorsky's aftermarket business, no later than 180 
days before the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, for the purpose of defining the 
Customer's detailed logistics planning considerations and support objectives. Sikorsky 
will invite the Customer to participate in the provisioning conference at Sikorsky's 
designated facility. 
At the provisioning conference, a list of parts and equipment 
recommended to support the Custom Helicopter would be identified and discussed. Any 
spare parts procured by the Customer would be sold pursuant to a separate agreement 
between the Customer and SAS. The Customer shall be responsible for all travel and 
related expenses associated with Customer's personnel attending the provisioning 
conference. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pagc 3 of 18 
EFTA00730081
--- PAGE 4 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
III. 
INSPECTION ACCEPTANCE DELIVERY AND TITLE TRANSFER 
1. 
Presentation for Acceptance — The Helicopter shall be presented for acceptance at the 
Designated Facility on the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter. 
During such 
presentation, the Customer shall be entitled to a standard acceptance test flight by 
Sikorsky for the Helicopter, which test flight shall be no longer than one (1) hour in 
duration, or longer as may be reasonably necessary. Customer's obligation to purchase 
the Helicopter is conditioned upon and subject to Customer being satisfied that (i) the 
Helicopter is in airworthy condition with all flight critical systems functional and in 
proper working order, (ii) the Helicopter has been manufactured in accordance with the 
specifications of this Agreement and that (iii) the Helicopter has no damage, corrosion or 
other defects. If Customer does not make itself available for presentation and acceptance 
of the Helicopter, the Helicopter Final Payment shall be due within ten (10) days 
following receipt by Customer of written notice that the Helicopter is ready for 
presentation and acceptance; provided, that if Customer's failure to make itself available 
is attributable to causes that would be an Excusable Delay as defined in Article VIII.1, 
then, without impairing any of Sikorsky's rights under Article VIII.2, Customer shall be 
afforded such time as may be reasonably required to remove such causes; and, provided, 
further, that if Customer's failure to make itself available is attributable to a material 
breach on the part of Sikorsky, Sikorsky shall be afforded such time as may be 
reasonably required to cure such breach. 
2. 
Acceptance, Delivery and Title Transfer — Subject to the provisions of Section 11I.1 of 
this Agreement, after presentation, Customer shall accept the Helicopter by executing a 
Certificate of Helicopter Acceptance in the form of Exhibit E Part 1. Thereafter, upon 
receipt of the Helicopter Final Payment in accordance with Article I.10.b., above, 
Sikorsky shall deliver, at the Designated Facility, to Customer, or Customer's designee, a 
Bill of Sale and a Certificate of Airworthiness to evidence delivery and title transfer. The 
Helicopter shall be delivered Ex Works (Incoterms 2000) from the Designated Facility. 
Subsequent to title transfer to Customer, Sikorsky shall retain custody of the Helicopter 
in order to perform the Completion Services. 
3. 
No Prospective Registration of Interest — Prior to the transfer of title as provided in this 
Agreement, Customer, without the prior written consent of Sikorsky, shall neither register 
nor consent to the ability of any person to register any interest in the Helicopter or its 
engines on the International Registry, including without limitation, any prospective 
international interest, pursuant to that body of law known as the Cape Town Treaty 
Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment and the Protocol to the 
Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment on Matters Specific to 
Aircraft Equipment (hereinafter the "Cape Town Treaty"). Any consent by Sikorsky to 
registration of any interest in the Helicopter or its engines shall be subject to, among 
other things at Sikorsky's sole discretion, receipt by Sikorsky of all payments due under 
this Agreement at the time of title transfer of the Helicopter to Customer. Registration of 
any interest under the Cape Town Treaty in violation of this paragraph shall be deemed 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pogo 4 of IS 
EFTA00730082
--- PAGE 5 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
ineffective as against Sikorsky and, upon request of Sikorsky, Customer, at its own 
expense, immediately shall take all required action to remove any such interest or other 
encumbrance on the Helicopter or its engines. 
4. 
Risk of Loss — Sikorsky shall have risk of loss of the Helicopter, subsequent to the 
transfer of title until the Customer's acceptance of the Completion Services as evidenced 
by the Customer's execution of a Certificate of Completion Services Acceptance in the 
form of Exhibit E, Part 2. In the event that the Helicopter is damaged or the functionality 
is in any way compromised during the conduct of the Completion Services, Sikorsky 
shall be required, as a part of the Completion Services, to repair such damage or restore 
such functionality to as good condition as new. Customer agrees that any insurance 
proceeds for such repair shall be paid directly to Sikorsky. In the event the Helicopter is 
lost or destroyed or damaged beyond economic repair at any time prior to Customer's 
acceptance, Customer shall have the right to either (i) purchase the next available S-76D 
helicopter in Sikorsky's production sequence (the "Replacement Helicopter"), if 
available, on the same terms and conditions as set forth in this Agreement; provided, that 
Sikorsky reserves the right to make changes in the Exhibit A configuration and 
Helicopter Unit Price of the Replacement Helicopter required due to obsolescence, FAA 
requirements, or as a result of changes in the manufacture of the Helicopter; or (ii) 
terminate this Agreement. Customer shall notify Sikorsky of its decision within fifteen 
(15) days of receipt by Customer of written notice from Sikorsky of the loss or 
destruction of or damage beyond economic repair to the Helicopter, which notice shall 
include the projected delivery date of the Replacement Helicopter, or a statement 
indicating that such Replacement Helicopter is not available. 
5. 
Presentation of Completion Services for Acceptance — The Custom Helicopter shall be 
presented for technical acceptance of the Completion Services performed at the Sikorsky 
Designated Completion Center on the Scheduled Presentation Date Completion Services. 
During such presentation, the Customer shall be entitled to a standard acceptance test 
flight by Sikorsky for the Custom Helicopter, which test flight shall be no longer than one 
(1) hour in duration or longer as may be reasonably necessary. Customer's obligation to 
accept the Completion Services is subject to Customer being satisfied that the 
Completion Services have been satisfactorily completed and that the Custom Helicopter, 
as previously accepted by Customer, is in airworthy condition with all flight critical 
systems functional and in proper working order, the Custom Helicopter has been 
manufactured in accordance with the specifications of this Agreement, and that the 
Custom Helicopter has no damage, corrosion or other defects. If Customer does not 
make itself available for presentation and acceptance of the Completion Services, the 
Completion Services Final Payment shall be due within ten (10) days following receipt 
by Customer of written notice that the Completion Services are ready for presentation 
and acceptance; provided, that if Customer's failure to make itself available is 
attributable to causes that would be an Excusable Delay as defined in Article VIII.1, then, 
without impairing any of Sikorsky's rights under Article VIII.2, Customer shall be 
afforded such time as may be reasonably required to remove such causes; and, provided, 
further, that if Customer's failure to make itself available is attributable to a material 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pogo 5 of 18 
EFTA00730083
--- PAGE 6 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
breach on the part of Sikorsky, Sikorsky shall be afforded such time as may be 
reasonably required to cure such breach. 
6. 
Acceptance of Completion Services - Subject to the provisions of Section III.5 of this 
Agreement, after inspection, Customer shall accept the Completion Services by executing 
a Certificate of Acceptance of the Completion Services in the form of Exhibit E, Part 2. 
Thereafter, upon receipt of the Completion Services Final Payment pursuant to Article I. 
10.d. above, Sikorsky shall provide to Customer a FAA return to service certification 
and, if applicable, an Export Certificate of Airworthiness, and the Custom Helicopter 
shall then be at Customer's risk. If applicable under the terms of this Agreement, 
Sikorsky retains the right to utilize its own freight forwarder for the preparation and 
booking of any export shipment. 
IV. 
PRICE/PAYMENT SCHEDULE 
1. 
Price/Payment Schedule — The Customer shall pay to Sikorsky the payments set forth in 
the Payment Schedule contained in Article I hereof by wire transfer to: 
SWIFT:CHASUS33 
JP MORGAN CHASE 
New York, NY 
(or such other account that Sikorsky may designate in writing). Sikorsky shall provide an 
invoice to Customer for all payments due hereunder in accordance with the Payment 
Schedule contained in Article I hereof. 
V. 
CONFIGURATION 
1. 
Sikorsky Specification Changes - Before the Scheduled Presentation Date Completion 
Services, Sikorsky reserves the right to make any substitution or amendment to Exhibit A 
(Helicopter Configuration) hereto that it deems necessary in order to ensure that the 
Helicopter and/or Custom Helicopter complies with any airworthiness requirement or any 
mandatory airworthiness directive or service bulletins affecting the Helicopter and/or 
Custom Helicopter issued by Sikorsky, any vendor or the FAA. 
2. 
Configuration Finalization — To facilitate finalization of the configuration for the 
Helicopter, Sikorsky and Customer agree as follows: 
2.1 
Customer Guidance — Not later than two hundred ten (210) days prior to the 
Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, Customer must provide guidance to 
Sikorsky with respect to exterior paint colors and interior colors and materials (as 
applicable). Sikorsky will create exterior renderings and interior material boards 
based on this guidance, and will present this material at the configuration review 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pogo 6 of IS 
EFTA00730084
--- PAGE 7 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
meeting described in clause 2.2 below. 
2.2 
Configuration Finalization Meeting — Not later than one hundred eighty (180) 
days prior to the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, Sikorsky and Customer 
shall conduct a configuration review meeting at the Designated Facility to review 
and discuss the aircraft systems and interior specifications. The intent of this 
meeting is to provide Customer with a thorough understanding of the aircraft 
systems and interior specifications. Sikorsky will also present to the Customer 
exterior paint schemes and interior configuration and materials that are based on 
colors and guidance provided to Sikorsky prior to the meeting by Customer 
(reference paragraph 2.1 above). All travel, living and communication expenses 
incurred by Customer's representatives shall be borne by Customer. Customer 
approval of the specifications is sought at the time of the Configuration 
Finalization Meeting, but not later than thirty (30) days following the meeting. 
The document conveying Customer approval of the specifications is the executed 
specification approval log, detailed in 2.3.1 below. 
2.3 
Customer Furnished Information — Not later than one hundred fifty (150) days 
prior to the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, Customer will furnish 
Sikorsky with the following information: 
2.3.1 
Executed specification approval log. Items requiring approval in this log 
include, but are not limited to: 
• 
System Specification 
• 
Audio Specification (if applicable) 
• 
Interior Configuration Document 
• 
Interior Material Board 
• 
Seat Upholstery Style (if applicable) 
• 
External Paint Rendering 
• 
Exterior Paint Colors 
• 
Exterior Paint Production Drawing 
• 
Any required Customer furnished camera-ready artwork for 
logos (if applicable) 
• 
Registration numbers and ICAO addresses for the Helicopter 
2.4 
Failure to Provide Configuration Information/Customer Initiated Changes -
Failure to provide Sikorsky with any of the information by the respective dates 
described in subsections 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 above, or any change to such 
information, including changes to the configuration, not caused by or proposed by 
Sikorsky after such respective dates (i) may result in a delivery delay and such 
delay shall constitute an Excusable Delay with respect to Sikorsky's performance 
under this Agreement, and (ii) may result in the imposition of one of the two 
configuration change fee scenarios identified in subsections I) and 2) below. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pagc 7 of IS 
EFTA00730085
--- PAGE 8 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
The scenarios identified below exclude the recurring price (materials and labor) 
that may be applicable to the equipment items changed by Customer. The 
recurring price for the equipment items will be included in the Custom Helicopter 
Unit Price. 
Configuration change fee and schedule impact for change(s) contracted in a single 
contract amendment/transaction: 
I) 
If a signed amendment to this Agreement and Customer approvals in accordance 
with paragraph 2.3.1 above are finalized more than ninety (90) days prior to the 
Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, then the following shall apply: 
-- Acceptable changes: Any Change. 
-- Configuration change fee: None. 
-- Schedule Delay: Depending on time for new part(s) design, time for 
certification, and lead time for new part(s). 
2) 
If a signed amendment to this Agreement and Customer approvals in accordance 
with paragraph 2.3.1 above are finalized ninety (90) days or less than ninety (90) 
days prior to the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, then the following shall 
apply: 
For existing certified options or development options: 
a. $50,000 or 20% of value of contract change (whichever is greater); plus 
b. Any costs or termination liability incurred by Sikorsky as a result of the 
change; plus 
c. Any cost of rework (including, without limitation, Sikorsky's labor and material 
costs incurred to rework items to accommodate the Customer requested changes); 
and 
d. Any schedule delay caused by lead time for obtaining parts, added design time, 
design certification and/or installation time for new part(s). 
3) 
At any time during performance of Completion Services no configuration changes 
will be accepted. The Helicopter will be completed in accordance with the 
configuration identified in this Agreement and any changes will be contracted 
separately in a stand alone Modification Agreement. Services provided under any 
such Modification Agreement will be accomplished at a Sikorsky Designated 
Facility. 
3. Customer's Changes to Configuration and Additional Equipment — In the event that the 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pagc S of IS 
EFTA00730086
--- PAGE 9 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
Customer desires to change the Helicopter configuration and/or obtain additional 
equipment for the Helicopter, the parties must mutually agree on a written amendment to 
this Agreement reflecting such changes and setting forth any changes in the price and/or 
delivery schedule. 
For this purpose, the Customer hereby appoints the Customer's 
Contact for Technical Issues as set forth in Article I, which person has authority to 
negotiate any such changes with Sikorsky and execute a legally binding amendment 
reflecting such technical, price and/or delivery changes. 
4. Suitability of Configuration — The Customer is responsible for having ensured that the 
helicopter configuration, defined herein, meets all the operational requirements of the 
country of destination/registration as they relate to the specific intended usage of the 
Custom Helicopter. If requested, Sikorsky shall make a good faith attempt to assist in the 
determination of this configuration. If required for import/registration requirements in 
the foreign country, Sikorsky shall endeavor to obtain that country's design approval of 
the configuration items not already approved. 
VI. 
HELICOPTER RELATED PROVISIONS, INCLUDING S-76D DEVELOPMENT 
STATUS 
1. 
S-76D Development - The S-76D helicopter is currently in development at Sikorsky. If 
at any time prior to Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) certification of the S-76D, 
Sikorsky is not satisfied with the development of the S-76D, or in the event that the S-
76D helicopter is not certified by the FAA, Sikorsky may terminate this Agreement with 
the Customer upon written notice. In case of such a termination by Sikorsky, the 
Customer shall have the option of (a) receiving reimbursement from Sikorsky of all 
amounts paid to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter, or (b) applying the amounts paid to 
Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter to the purchase of a new S-76C-HE helicopter from 
Sikorsky, if available. During the development of the S-76D helicopter, Sikorsky may 
deem it necessary or desirable to change the configuration of the Helicopter/Custom 
Helicopter referenced in this Agreement. In such case, Sikorsky agrees to consult with 
the Customer with regard to any such configuration change and Sikorsky will attempt to 
present a configuration change that does not (i) adversely affect the capabilities or 
function of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter; and/or (ii) materially and adversely affect 
the aesthetics of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter. In the event that the parties mutually 
and reasonably conclude that the configuration cannot be changed without adversely 
affecting the capabilities or function of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter and/or 
materially and adversely affecting the aesthetics of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter, 
then either party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other. In case 
of such termination, the Customer shall have the option of (a) receiving reimbursement 
from Sikorsky of all amounts paid to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter, or (b) 
applying the amounts paid to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter to the purchase of a 
new S-76C++ helicopter from Sikorsky, if available. 
2. S-76D FAA Certification — In addition, the obligations of Sikorsky under this Agreement 
are subject to the certification of the S-76D helicopter by the FAA. In the event that such 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pagc 9 of IS 
EFTA00730087
--- PAGE 10 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
FAA certification is not obtained by the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, either 
party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other. In case of such 
termination, the Customer shall have the option of (a) receiving reimbursement from 
Sikorsky of all amounts paid to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter, or (b) applying the 
amounts paid to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter to the purchase of a new S-76C-HF 
helicopter from Sikorsky, if available. 
3. Special Flight Tests — Flight test work required for prototyping, functional checkout, or 
qualification of any additional equipment contracted may be performed by Sikorsky on 
the Helicopter and the Custom Helicopter prior to title transfer thereto or final delivery 
thereof, respectively, to the Customer. The delivery of the Helicopter or the Custom 
Helicopter may be delayed to the extent necessary to accomplish the flight test work 
objectives without any liability on the part of Sikorsky for any such delay. In the event 
the Helicopter is lost or destroyed or damaged beyond economic repair at any time prior 
to Customer's acceptance, Customer shall have the right to either (i) purchase the next 
available S-76D helicopter in Sikorsky's production sequence (the "Replacement 
Helicopter"), if available, on the same terms and conditions as set forth in this 
Agreement; provided, that Sikorsky reserves the right to make changes in the Exhibit A 
configuration and Helicopter Unit Price of the Replacement Helicopter required due to 
obsolescence, FAA requirements, or as a result of changes in the manufacture of the 
Helicopter; or (ii) terminate this Agreement. Customer shall notify Sikorsky of its 
decision within fifteen (15) days of receipt by Customer of written notice from Sikorsky 
of the loss or destruction of or damage beyond economic repair to the Helicopter, which 
notice shall include the projected delivery date of the Replacement Helicopter, or a 
statement indicating that such Replacement Helicopter is not available. In case of any 
purchase by Customer of the Replacement Helicopter, Sikorsky shall apply to such 
purchase the amounts paid to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter. In the event of any 
termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section VI.3, Sikorsky or the insurer, as 
the case may be, shall promptly refund to the Customer all amounts previously paid by 
Customer to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter or Custom Helicopter so destroyed. 
4. Compliance Statement Regarding Airworthiness Directives (ADs), and Alert Service 
Bulletins (ASBs) - Sikorsky will deliver the Custom Helicopter with all applicable ADs 
and ASBs existing prior to the Scheduled Presentation Date Completion Services 
complied with. The delivery of the Custom Helicopter may be delayed to the extent 
necessary to comply with any ADs or ASBs without any liability on the part of Sikorsky 
for such delay. 
5. 
Helotracm - With each Helicopter sold and delivered hereunder, Sikorsky shall 
make available to Customer, at no cost to Customer, a one-year subscription to this 
service. 
VII. 
INTERNATIONAL SALES PROVISIONS /if applicable! 
S-7610 Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Page 10 of 18 
EFTA00730088
--- PAGE 11 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
I. 
Export License — Customer and Sikorsky agree that this Agreement is intended to 
provide for the purchase and sale only of items that are not classified as US Munitions 
List (USML) items and can be exported under United States Department of Commerce 
License Exception NLR (no license required). Sikorsky represents that the Helicopter 
configuration provided under this Agreement at the time of delivery consists only of 
items that can be exported under the United States Department of Commerce License 
Exception NLR. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that this Agreement or the 
performance of the parties hereunder is or becomes subject to United States export or 
import laws, the full performance by Sikorsky under this Agreement will be subject to the 
receipt of all applicable United States government export licenses and approvals. In such 
event, any cause that may delay the receipt of a required United States export license or 
approval may result in a delay of the delivery of the Helicopter to Customer. Any 
delivery delay caused thereby shall be deemed an excusable delay in accordance with 
Article VIIl.1. to this Agreement. Should any individual item on the Helicopter or 
Custom Helicopter later become subject to US export restrictions Sikorsky will attempt to 
replace the item with an exportable item and notify the Customer of such change at 
Sikorsky's earliest convenience. Should no exportable item be mutually agreed to 
between Sikorsky and Customer, both parties shall be released from any further 
obligations for inclusion of the subject item and any required price adjustment related to 
such un-exportable item shall also be made. 
2. 
Import License — Customer shall be responsible for obtaining and complying with any 
and all import licenses or other authorizations and import taxes or fees which may be 
required by the country of destination for importing the Custom Helicopter. 
3. 
FAA Registration - Customer shall be responsible for obtaining FAA aircraft registration 
in the United States upon transfer of title of the Helicopter in accordance with this 
Agreement; provided however that upon Customer's request, Sikorsky shall provide 
Customer with all reasonable assistance required. In the event Customer cannot comply 
with FAA regulations for aircraft registration in the United States upon transfer of title of 
the Helicopter in accordance with this Agreement, Sikorsky shall refer Customer to a 
third party trustee (the "Trustee") who shall take title to the Helicopter upon acceptance 
of the Helicopter through the acceptance of the Completion Services. All fees assessed 
by the Trustee in connection with its services shall be borne by Sikorsky. Sikorsky shall 
consent to the assignment of the Agreement to the Trustee for this purpose and Customer 
shall execute any necessary documentation in connection therewith. 
4. 
Operations Within United States — If, after transfer of title, acceptance of Completion 
Services, and removal from the United States N-number registry, the Helicopter/Custom 
Helicopter is to be flown within the jurisdiction of the United States for any reason, 
Customer, shall, prior to such operation, obtain and carry currently effective certificates 
of registration and airworthiness issued or rendered valid by the country of registry and 
shall display the nationality and registration markings of that country, as required by Title 
Part 375 of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations. 
The Customer shall comply with 
all other United States federal, state, and local laws and regulations that may be 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Page II of IS 
EFTA00730089
--- PAGE 12 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
applicable to the operation of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter in the United States. 
5. 
Special Airworthiness Requirements — The Customer is responsible for ensuring that the 
Helicopter/Custom Helicopter configuration meets all the operational requirements of the 
country of destination/registration/operation for the Customer's intended usage. In the 
event Customer wishes to have changes made to the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter to 
meet specific airworthiness requirements of the country of destination, Customer shall 
supply to Sikorsky, in the English language, copies of the applicable standards and a 
complete description of the changes desired. Sikorsky will review all requested changes 
and promptly submit a quotation to Customer of the effect on prices and delivery of 
incorporating such changes. 
In accordance with paragraph 2.3.1 of Article V 
(Configuration) hereof, failure to provide Sikorsky with any of the referenced 
information by the respective dates described therein, or any change to such information, 
including changes to the configuration, not caused by or proposed by Sikorsky after such 
dates (i) may result in a delivery delay and such delay shall constitute an Excusable 
Delay with respect to Sikorsky's performance under this Agreement, and (ii) may result 
in the imposition of a configuration change fee as described in paragraph 2.4 of Article V 
(Configuration) hereof. Although Sikorsky may provide Customer with assistance in 
evaluating the specific airworthiness requirements of the country of destination and 
suggest changes to meet such requirements, Sikorsky assumes no responsibility for the 
acceptability of such changes to government authorities and assumes no obligation to 
meet the airworthiness requirements of any country. 
6. 
Compliance with Laws — The terms, conditions and performance by the parties under this 
Agreement will comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and controls, 
including, but not limited to the following: 
a. If the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter shall occur prior to receipt of all 
U.S. Government export approvals required for delivery of the Helicopter or 
Custom Helicopter, Sikorsky shall transfer title to the Helicopter or Custom 
Helicopter only to a U.S. entity, and if to a U.S. financing institution, only to such 
U.S. financing institution that is a "broker within the meaning of the ITAR (22 
CFR Part 129); and 
b. Prior to receipt of all U.S. government export approvals required for delivery of 
the Helicopter or Custom Helicopter, no "foreign person", as that term is defined 
within the ITAR (22 CFR Part 120), shall have any access to the Helicopter, 
Custom Helicopter or any related technical data or assistance. 
VIII. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1. 
Excusable Delays — Customer acknowledges that the goods called for hereunder are to be 
manufactured for Customer to fulfill this Agreement and that the delivery dates are based 
on the assumption that there will be no delay due to causes beyond Sikorsky's reasonable 
control. Sikorsky shall not be charged with any liability for delay or non-delivery when 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Page 12 of 18 
EFTA00730090
--- PAGE 13 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
due to delays of suppliers (to the extent such delays are not caused by the acts or 
omissions of Sikorsky), acts of God, terrorism or the public enemy, compliance in good 
faith with any applicable foreign or domestic governmental regulation or order whether 
or not it proves to be invalid, fires, riots, labor disputes, unusually severe weather, or any 
other cause beyond the reasonable control of Sikorsky. To the extent that such causes 
actually delay deliveries on the part of Sikorsky, the time for Sikorsky's performance 
shall be extended for as many days beyond the delivery date as are required to remove 
such causes. This provision shall not, however, relieve Sikorsky from using reasonable 
efforts to avoid or remove such causes and continue performance with reasonable 
dispatch whenever such causes are removed. 
1.1 
Unqualified Equipment — [IF APPLICABLE] Sikorsky shall not be charged with 
any liability for delay or non-delivery when due to delays in approval of 
equipment defined within this Article VIII.1.1, by the appropriate regulatory 
authority. The following Customer-specific equipment has not yet been approved 
for installation on the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter by the appropriate regulatory 
authority: 
Nomenclature 
System 
Supplier 
Option code 11112 
Thales TopDeck Upgrade Thales 
for WAAS/LPV* 
Option code 90001 
XM Weather with 
XM Satellite Radio Inc. 
Integrated Functionality 
on Thales TopDeck 
Displays* 
(*These items need to be finally confirmed as to Sikorsky's capability to include 
in the Helicopter configuration within the delivery schedule quoted herein.) 
In order to support the Scheduled Presentation Date Completion Services, the 
equipment supplier must provide substantiating data and/or analysis to Sikorsky 
in a timely manner to accomplish the qualification approval. If the supplier is not 
capable or willing to provide this substantiation in a timely manner to support 
delivery of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter, the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter 
will be delivered with space and power provisions, as applicable, with the 
equipment furnished on delivery as loose equipment. The Customer will be 
offered the alternative of having Sikorsky perform necessary tests, without 
guaranty of results, for an additional price. 
2. 
Inability Or Refusal To Pay — If the Customer is unable or refuses to make payment to 
Sikorsky in accordance with any of its obligations to Sikorsky, or if the Customer's acts 
or omissions preclude Sikorsky's performance under this Agreement, in each case, 
through no fault of Sikorsky, then Sikorsky shall provide written notice thereof to 
S-761) Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Page 13 or IS 
EFTA00730091
--- PAGE 14 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
Customer (the "Late Payment Notice"). Customer shall be deemed to be in default 
hereunder if Customer fails to make any payments referenced in the Late Payment Notice 
to Sikorsky within ten (10) days of Customer's receipt of the Late Payment Notice. Upon 
the occurrence of any such default, Sikorsky may, at its option, terminate this Agreement 
by giving to the Customer thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intention to 
terminate. If such default has not been cured on or before the expiration of such thirty 
(30) day period, this Agreement shall terminate effective upon written notice from 
Sikorsky to Customer. To the extent Customer cures such default within the time periods 
set forth herein, the obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall continue in full 
force and effect. Upon any such termination, Sikorsky shall be relieved of any further 
obligations to the Customer and (i) the Customer shall reimburse Sikorsky for its 
termination costs and expenses and a reasonable allowance for profit and (ii) to the extent 
that the Customer holds title to the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter for which Customer is 
unable or refuses to make payment to Sikorsky, or in respect of which Customer's acts or 
omissions preclude Sikorsky's performance, immediately upon Sikorsky's request, and at 
Customer's expense, the Customer shall execute such documents as are necessary to 
transfer title to such Helicopter/Custom Helicopter to Sikorsky free and clear of any and 
all encumbrances. All sums paid to Sikorsky under this Agreement, from whatever 
sources, will be considered the liquidated value of sub-paragraph (i) above and may be 
retained by Sikorsky in fulfillment of the defined costs, expenses, and allowances. 
3. 
Liquidated Damages for Delayed Delivery - In the event the actual presentation date of 
the Custom Helicopter is delayed beyond the Scheduled Presentation Date Completion 
Services listed in Article I hereof for any reason other than an excusable delay described 
in Article VIII.1, then commencing on the 60th day after the Scheduled Presentation Date 
Completion Services, unless otherwise agreed, the Completion Services Final Payment 
shall be adjusted downward in the amount of $1,000 per day until the 120th day after the 
Scheduled Presentation Date Completion Services, until the Custom Helicopter is 
delivered, or the maximum adjustment of $60,000 is reached (whichever occurs first). 
This shall be the Customer's sole remedy for delayed delivery of the Custom Helicopter. 
4. 
Taxes — In addition to the Total Contract Price, the Customer shall be responsible for 
payment of any and all taxes (including any sales and use tax, but not including 
Sikorsky's income taxes), which may be imposed by any taxing authority arising from the 
sale, delivery or use of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter. 
5. 
Limitation Of Liability — With respect to any Helicopter/Custom Helicopter, part or 
service purchased under this Agreement and alleged to be the direct or indirect cause of 
any loss or damage to the Customer, the sum equal to the invoiced price of such 
Helicopter/Custom Helicopter, part or service shall be the ceiling limit on Sikorsky's or 
any of its affiliate's liability whether founded in contract or tort (including negligence, 
strict tort liability or breach of warranty), arising out of or resulting from (i) this 
Agreement or the performance or breach thereof, or (ii) the design, manufacture, 
delivery, sale, repair, replacement, or any use of such Custom Helicopter, or (iii) the 
furnishing of any such service. In no event shall Sikorsky or any of its affiliates have any 
S-761) Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Page 14 of 18 
EFTA00730092
--- PAGE 15 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
liability for any incidental or consequential damages. 
6. 
Assignment — This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the 
successors and assigns of the parties hereto, but it may not be voluntarily assigned, 
wholly or in part, by either party hereto without the prior written consent of the other 
party; provided however, that Sikorsky shall have the right to assign this Agreement to a 
wholly-owned subsidiary or affiliate of Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation. In the event that 
Sikorsky, in its sole discretion, consents to an assignment request made by Customer, 
Sikorsky shall have the right to impose a transaction fee under this Agreement in an 
amount equal to one-percent (1%) of the Total Contract Price in consideration of 
providing consent to such assignment. For the avoidance of doubt, an assignment by 
Customer to a wholly owned subsidiary or to a financial institution relating to the 
financing of the purchase of the aircraft by Customer would not be subject to the 
transaction fee. 
7. 
Construction — This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the plain English 
meaning of its terms, and the construction thereof shall be governed by the laws of the 
State of Connecticut, United States of America. The parties further agree to submit to the 
jurisdiction of both the state and federal courts of Connecticut. 
8. 
Notices — All notices or communications of any kind under and with respect to this 
Agreement shall be in the English language. All legal notices shall be given by hand 
delivery or registered mail and, if to the Customer, shall be addressed as indicated in 
Article I; and if to Sikorsky, shall be addressed to Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation, 6900 
Main Street, P. O. Box 9729, Stratford, Connecticut 06615-9129, U.S.A., Attention: 
Vice President - General Counsel. The effective date of each such notice shall be the 
date it is received. 
9. 
Non Disclosure — With exception for the existence of this Agreement, the parties hereby 
agree that neither party shall disclose to any third party the contents of this Agreement 
without the prior written approval of the other party other than each party's officers, 
directors, employees, agents or professional advisors with a need to know the same, 
except as may be required in the performance of this Agreement. 
10. 
Entire Agreement — The terms and conditions contained in this Agreement constitute the 
entire agreement between the parties hereto and shall supersede all previous 
communications, representations or agreements, either oral or written, between the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and no agreement or 
understanding varying or extending the same will be binding upon either party hereto 
unless in writing, signed by a duly authorized officer or representative thereof. 
S-761) Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Page 15 of IS 
EFTA00730093
--- PAGE 16 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by each party's authorized 
representative. 
SHMITKA AIR INC.: 
SIKORSKY AIRCRAFT 
CORPORATION: 
By: 
 By: 
Name: 
Name: 
Title: 
Title: 
Date: 
Effective Date: 
ATTACHMENTS:
Exhibit A 
Helicopter Configuration 
Exhibit B 
Publications 
Exhibit C 
Training 
Exhibit D 
Warranty 
Exhibit E 
Certificates 
Part I 
Form of Certificate of Helicopter Acceptance 
Part 2 
Form of Certificate of Completion Services Acceptance 
S-761) Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Page 16 of IS 
EFTA00730094
--- PAGE 17 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
HELICOPTER CONFIGURATION 
The fi llowing items of standard and optional equipment as described below, width have been 
selected by the Customer, shall he installed on the Helicopter to he delivered under this 
Agreement. 
DELUXE EXECUTIVE CONFIGURATION 
PART 1 
BASELINE AIRCRAFT 
Features of the S-76D Aircraft: 
Dynamic System: Two Pratt & Whitney 210S engines and a four blade articulated main rotor system with 
dual controls. 
Cockpit: An integrated Thales avionics suite, with an upgradable avionics package. There is a Bleed Air 
Heating Defogging system and dual windshield wipers. The Pilot and Copilot seats are equipped with a 
five point Restraint system. 
Cabin: A large cabin that can be configured for various different missions and a 38 cubic foot baggage 
compartment 
Other: Goodrich Health and Usage Monitoring System (HUMS), Active Vibration Control (AVC) system 
with single nose vertical force generator, retractable landing gear, and 295 gallons of usable fuel 
Baseline Avionics Package Includes: 
Thales TopDeck Avionics Suite 
Four Thales IAD 68 (Integrated Avionics Displays) including a dual embedded FMS functionality, dual 
MCDU (Multipurpose Control and Display Units), dual Vehicle Monitoring Modules (VMMs) providing data 
concentration functions, dual Litef LCR-100 AHRS, dual Thales ADU 3200 Air Data Computers, and dual 
Flight Control Modules (FCM) and actuators provide the four axis autopilot with Stability Augmentation 
System (SAS), Autopilot (ATT), and Coupled Flight Director (CFD) functions and attitude rate damping. 
Radio Nav/Comm 
Dual Collins VHF-4000 radios, Collins TDR-94D mode S transponder with diversity to meet Elementary & 
Enhanced Surveillance requirements, single Collins NAV-4000 providing VOR/ILS/MB and embedded 
ADF, single NAV-4500 for VOR/ILS/MB, single Collins DME-4000, single Thales AHV-1600 radio 
altimeter, single Thales Topstar 200NG GPS sensor, and Artex C406-N HM ELT including programming 
adapter. 
Audio: Dual dB Systems 380 Audio control panels with ICS and VOX plus three maintenance jacks, one 
in the cabin and two in the baggage compartment. Also includes pilot overhead standby jack for direct 
S-76O Contract No. 76DO7702 Air (ihislainc. Inc. 
Page A-I of 5 
EFTA00730095
--- PAGE 18 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
BASELINE AIRCRAFT - continued 
connection to #2 corn, dual 45' pedestal mounted ICS foot switches, three David Clark Headsets, one 
six-foot walk-around cord and two 30-foot walk-around cords, Cabin PA/Chime System — dB Systems 
251, and a Passenger Briefing System - PBS 250. 
Backup/Safety Systems: Honeywell MKXXII Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning System, Penny & Giles 
MPFR FDR/CVR, 3" Thales Integrated Electronic Standby Indicator (IESI) provides backup attitude, 
airspeed, altitude, nay cues from NAV 1 or NAV 2, and VHF 2, ELT C406-N HM w/ Satellite Frequency, 
Electric Door Locks — Cabin, Flight Director Decouple Warning System with visual and aural warnings. 
Weather Related Systems: Weather Avoidance Radar - Primus 660, Windshield Washer System, Heated 
Glass Windshields, and Engine Inlet Inertial Particle Separator (IPS) . 
Electrical: 28 Volt Electrical System with two 250 Amp Generators, one 10 KVA, 115VAC AC Generator, 
Pilot and Copilot Avionics Master Switches. 
PART 2 
ADDITIONAL AVIONICS ITEMS 
07125 Delete PBS 250 Passenger Briefing System, From Baseline 
11110 Second GPS Receiver - Thales Topstar 200 
11120 Second Mode S Transponders w/Diversity- TDR 94D 
11130 DME, 2ND - Collins DME Proline 21 DME- 4000 
11150 Digital Moving Map on Thales' Multifunction Displays 
11155 Jeppesen Electronic Terminal and Approach Charting 
30112 Audio Jacks - Emergency (Std/Bose) 
31128 Premium Interior Speakers, Two 
32101 12 VDC Accessory Outlet (Automotive Style) 
34181 Vertical Card Standby Compass 
36143 Lightning Strike Sensor - LSZ 860 
36165 Wx Avoidance Radar - Primus 880 
37130 Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System, KTA 970 — TCAS I 
PAINTS & FINISHES 
50102 VIP Interior Paint Preparation & Finish 
50112 VIP Exterior Paint Preparation & Finish 
INTERIORS 
63100 Deluxe VIP Interior Group, featuring: Silencer m airframe isolated interior wall panel system, 
high performance airframe mounted secondary acoustic package, Ultraleather or Ultrasuede 
interior panel upholstery, ECS ducting, cockpit/cabin divider bulkhead with left hand and right 
hand sliding windows, leather seat upholstery, general cabin lighting, emergency cabin lighting, 
reading lights (8) and air outlets (8), cabin door threshold lighting, switch panels to control cabin 
systems, tinted interior cabin windows, decorative plating in cabin, illuminated ordinance signs, 
emergency/informational signage, emergency exit signs, cabin and cockpit carpet with spare, 
S-76D Contract No. 76DO7702 Air li hislaine. Inc. 
Page A-2 of 5 
EFTA00730096
--- PAGE 19 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
wood veneer/leather/decorative metal details. integral magazine racks on cabin doors. storage 
cabinet forward of raised fuel deck, seat maintenance covers. cabin floor runners. molded 
baggage compartment floor liner. Stain Guard Protection. Nut Plates fittings for all Opera 
Windows and Removal of unused tie down fittings. 
70116 Sheepskin Seating - Crew Seats 
70152 Seat Belt Extender 
72163 Flight Manual Storage, LH Controls Closet 
77134 Single Action Door Release, Cabin/Cockpit 
AIRCRAFT ITEMS 
80101 Boarding Step, Retractable - LH 
80102 Boarding Step, Retractable -RH 
80182 Engine Inlet Covers Storage 
80186 Maintenance Covers - Exterior 
80192 Enhanced Door Pins, Cockpit 
83151 Hydraulic Quick Disconnect Relocation 
84151 C4 Environmental System 
85139 Anti-Collision LED Light, Red, Bottom 
85152 Dual Landing Lights — Main Gear 
85162 Recognition Lights - Forward Facing 
85163 Logo Lights 
85170 Pulse Switch for Dual Landing Lights 
85171 Pulse Switch for Recognition Lights 
86116 Pencil Holder 
86117 Console Storage Bin - Small 
86126 Sun Tint - Windshield 
86140 Nose Lateral Force Generator 
86141 Cabin Vertical Force Generator 
86195 Fluid Deflector 
88151 Emergency Flotation System Completion 
88161 Single Pilot Ballast Provisions 
CUSTOMER UNIQUE ITEMS 
90009 Custom upholstery/cushion fabrication 
90010 Customized cabin reading light location. Reallocate one reading light from each group to 
the outboard area of the ceiling, to be centered on outboard passenger seats 
90011 Relocate the cabin reading light switches to the overhead area, adjacent to the reading 
lights. Relocate the dome light switches on the same panel as the relocated outboard 
lights in the outboard position 
90018 Redesign Forward cabin bulkhead to extend lower than the bottom of the standard narrow 
windows 
90019 Custom Cabin Interior Materials 
90020 Custom Cabin Headset Hooks (Quantity 4) 
90024 Custom Aft-Facing Bench Seat, Three to Four Place, with Shortened Single Center Fold-
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc. Inc. 
EFTA00730097
--- PAGE 20 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
Down Padded Arm Rest 
90025 Custom Forward-Facing Bench Seat. Three to Four Place with shortened Single Center 
Fold-Down Padded Arm Rest 
UNQUALIFIED EQUIPMENT 
11112 Thales TopDeck Upgrade for WAAS/LPV" 
90002 XM Weather with Integrated Functionality on Thales TopDeck Displays' 
'These items need to be finally confirmed as to Sikorsky's capability to include in the Helicopter 
configuration within the delivery schedule quoted herein. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air rihislaine. Inc. 
Page A4 of 5 
EFTA00730098
--- PAGE 21 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
Annex 1 
TBD 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc. Inc. 
Pagc A-5 of 5 
EFTA00730099
--- PAGE 22 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT B 
PUBLICATIONS 
1. 
Publications - With each Helicopter/Custom Helicopter sold and delivered hereunder, 
Sikorsky shall furnish the Customer with certain publications under this paragraph for use 
by the Customer and its contractors in operating and supporting the Helicopter. Sikorsky 
shall provide the Customer with: 
Listing of Technical Publications 
Provided with each Helicopter 
FORMAT 
PUBLICATION 
NO. 
MANUAL 
with 3 - 
YEAR 
REVISION 
SERVICE 
Standard 
Quantity With 
New Aircraft 
Standard 
With New 
Aircraft 
Standard 5-760 
Configuration (No 
Options) 
FAA-Approved Rotorcraft Flight Manual 
Paper 
SA S76D-RFM-000 
Standard 
Copies Each 
Aircraft 
FAA-Approved Rotorcraft Flight Manual 
CD ROM ETM 
(PDF) 
SA 576D-ETM- 
RFM-000 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
Wiring Data Manual 
CD ROM ETM 
(PDF) 
SA 576D-ETM- 
WDM-000 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
Flight Check Procedures Manual 
Paper 
SA S76D-FCP-000 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
Portable Document Format (PDF) on CD 
ROM. 
This CD ROM contains the following 
publications: 
S-76D Maintenance Manual 
S-76D Illustrated Parts Catalog 
S-76D Airworthiness Limitation 
Inspection Requirements. 
CD ROM ETM 
(PDF) 
SAS76D-ETM- 
AMM-000 
tanklard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
S-76D Alert Service Bulletin (ASB) and 
Customer Service Notices (CSN) 
Electronic 
Media 
(Transmitted via 
Email, Winfax, 
and posted to 
Sikorsky 360 
Website) 
Standard 
Standard For Lit,: 
of Aircraft 
Mechanics Pocket Guide 
CD ROM ETM 
(PDF) 
SAS76-ETM-MPG- 
000 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghistainc. Inc. 
Page B-I of 2. 
EFTA00730100
--- PAGE 23 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT B 
Integrated Electronic Technical Manuals 
(IETM) via Sikorsky360 Website. 
This WEB IETM contains the following 
publications: 
S-76D Maintenance Manual 
S-76D IPC 
• 
S-76D Airworthiness Limitation 
Inspection Requirements. 
Sikorsky 360 
Website 
Web IETM 
Standard 
Web Access 
Structural Repair Manual 
CD ROM 
(PDF) 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
HUMS Users Guide 
CD ROM 
(PDF) 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
Component Maintenance Manuals(CMMS) 
CD ROM 
(PDF) 
ATP 
As Noted 
Year Revision 
Service Standard 
2. 
Completion Services Manuals - Publications for options provided by Keystone 
Helicopter Corporation (KHC) and other Type Certified subcontractors will be available 
from KHC and other subcontractors. 
3. 
Alert Service Bulletins - Alert Service Bulletins shall be issued on matters requiring the 
immediate attention of the Customer and shall be generally limited to items affecting 
safety. 
4. 
Customer Service Notices - Customer Service Notices shall be issued to furnish the 
Customer with information regarding product improvement modifications and part 
changes. 
5. 
Revisions - The Customer shall receive a revision service to the Sikorsky manuals and 
IETMs for a period of three (3) years after the final acceptance of the Completion 
Services. 
Sikorsky will provide two (2) years of revision service for vendor manuals 
(CMMs) on CD ROM. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc. Inc. 
Page B-2 of 2 
EFTA00730101
--- PAGE 24 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT C 
TRAINING 
1. Initial Pilot Training Services — With each Custom Helicopter sold and delivered 
hereunder, Sikorsky shall make available to three (3) Customer pilots an S-76 initial pilot 
training course approximately eleven (11) days in duration, consisting of a Visual Flight 
Rules ("VFR") transition segment and, as required, an Instrument Flight Rules ("IFR") 
transition segment. 
Each of the segments is programmed to provide emphasis on 
helicopter familiarization, classroom instruction on systems operation and instruction in 
both the S-76 Simulator and the S-76 Cockpit Trainer. 
In addition, each Customer pilot will receive five (5.0) hours of flight with an instructor 
pilot. Each Customer pilot that is not a U.S. Citizen must have either: a valid FAA 
Private Pilot Certificate with a Helicopter-Rotorcrafl rating and a valid medical 
certificate; or, register and apply for a security assessment with the TSA Alien Flight 
Student Program, and receive a TSA approval to train, prior to commencement of flight 
training. All flight training shall be conducted on the Custom Helicopter to be delivered 
hereunder, following acceptance by the Customer and transfer of title to the Customer, 
and following acceptance of Completion Services (if applicable) by the Customer. 
2. Initial Maintenance or Electrical Training Services — With each Custom Helicopter 
sold and delivered hereunder, Sikorsky shall make available to three (3) Customer 
mechanics an initial S-76 maintenance training course approximately fifteen (15) days in 
duration or, at Customer's option, an S-76 electrical training course approximately ten 
(10) days in duration. Either course includes inspection and maintenance troubleshooting 
and use of a maintenance trainer. Each mechanic must have background experience in 
one or more of the following categories: (a) certified (by the FAA or by an equivalent 
airworthiness authority) airframe mechanic with one (I) year practical experience as a 
rated aircraft mechanic; (b) one (1) year experience as an active mechanic on a 
commercial or military helicopter; or (c) three (3) years general experience as a 
commercial or military aircraft mechanic. 
3. Engine Training Services — With each Custom Helicopter sold and delivered hereunder, 
Sikorsky shall make available to three (3) Customer mechanics, an engine maintenance 
course at the engine manufacturer's facility. This course is approximately five (5) to 
seven (7) days in duration, dependent on aircraft/engine type. 
4. Health & Usage Monitoring System (HUMS) — With each Custom Helicopter sold and 
delivered hereunder, Sikorsky shall make available to three (3) Customer personnel a 
basic HUMS training course of approximately five (5) days in duration. This course is 
designed in consideration for the range of personnel involved in operation of HUMS, 
which may include line maintenance technicians, certifying staff (including both avionics 
and aircraft/engine disciplines), HUMS diagnostic specialists and information technology 
specialists supporting ground based computer systems. The course is designed for 
persons without prior HUMS experience, and includes training on the 
use and 
administration of HUMS. HUMS Training is a classroom/in-person session lead by a 
Sikorsky instructor. Each class will consist of approximately four to eight students. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghiskine, Inc. 
Page C- I of 3 
EFTA00730102
--- PAGE 25 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT C 
Classes will be conducted at either Sikorsky's Stratford, CT facility or West Palm Beach, 
FL, or another facility designated by Sikorsky with prior notice to Customer. 
5. Scheduling — Within thirty days of Customer's execution of the Agreement, the Customer 
shall provide Sikorsky written notice as to whether Customer's personnel or designees 
shall attend the S-76 pilot training and/or maintenance/electricaUHUMS training courses. 
Sikorsky will, if practical, schedule the ground school portion of the pilot training course 
and the maintenance/electrical/HUMS training course so that completion will be 
accomplished immediately prior to the delivery of the Custom Helicopter to Customer. If 
the Customer elects to have three (3) pilots attend the S-76 pilot training course, all pilots 
must, unless Sikorsky agrees otherwise, attend the course concurrently. Sikorsky shall 
notify the Customer as to the location of the training courses. In any event, the training 
services in Sections (1), (2), (3) and (4) above must be scheduled and completed within 
twelve (12) months of the Custom Helicopter delivery to which such services are 
allocable, in default of which Customer shall no longer be entitled to such services. The 
training services provided in accordance with Sections (I), (2) (3) and (4) above will be 
conducted in the English language. The Customer is responsible for all travel and 
expenses associated with their personnel attending such training sessions. The Customer 
shall provide all documentation, and personal information on the pilots to be trained, and 
cooperation for pilot training as requested by Sikorsky to assure compliance with U. S. A. 
laws and applicable policies and regulations in force at the time of training. 
6. Hold Harmless and Indemnification — In consideration of Sikorsky making training 
services available to the Customer hereunder, the Customer, as the Custom Helicopter 
owner whose employees or designees will be the recipient of such training services, shall 
secure and protect itself and shall indemnify Sikorsky, FlightSafety International, Inc., 
their affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, service representatives, 
and agents, from any liability, claim of liability, expense, cause of action, loss or damage 
whatsoever, whether arising in tort or otherwise, for any injury, including death, to any 
person or property whatsoever (including the Customer's Custom Helicopter), arising out 
of or in conjunction with the performance of such training services. 
7. Insurance Requirements 
— Toward effectuating the security, protection and 
indemnification of Section 6 above, and in addition to Customer's obligations under such 
Section 6, Customer agrees to carry as a minimum on each Custom Helicopter purchased 
under this Agreement the following insurance prior to the commencement of the flight 
training services provided hereunder: 
a. Aircraft Public Liability, Bodily Injury and Property Damage and Passenger 
Legal Liability Insurance, including Contractual Liability Insurance to cover the 
liabilities herein assumed by Customer, with a limit of not less than 
$50,000,000.00 for a single occurrence. 
b. Aircraft Hull All Risk Loss or Damage Insurance covering the Custom Helicopter 
in the amount of the Custom Helicopter Unit Price. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc, Inc. 
Page C-2 of 3 
EFTA00730103
--- PAGE 26 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT C 
i. All of the insurance policies shall be issued by companies satisfactory to 
Sikorsky, shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Sikorsky, shall 
name Sikorsky, FlightSafety International, Inc. and their respective 
affiliates as additional insureds, shall contain a provision prohibiting 
cancellation except upon at least ten (10) days prior written notice to 
Sikorsky and FlightSafety International, Inc., shall contain a complete 
waiver of subrogation by the insurer against Sikorsky, FlightSafety 
International, Inc., and their respective affiliates, and shall be primary and 
non-contributory with respect to any insurance carried by Sikorsky and/or 
FlightSafety International, Inc. Customer shall furnish to Sikorsky either 
certified copies of such policies or certificates evidencing such insurance 
and waiver. Such copies or certificates shall be presented to Sikorsky 
thirty (30) days prior to the scheduled commencement of the flight 
training. 
8. Further Understandings - Sikorsky assumes no liability for any expense of the 
Customer, including those of Customer's personnel, directly or indirectly connected with 
the furnishing of training services provided for herein or for any expenses for the 
operation or maintenance of the Customer's Custom Helicopter. The parties expressly 
understand and agree that the responsibility of Sikorsky in the furnishing of the training 
services described above is limited to the furnishing of such and shall not extend to the 
results thereof. The parties further understand and agree that, in the event Customer 
elects not to take all or any portion of the training services provided for herein, no refund 
or other financial adjustment of the Total Contract Price will be made. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine, Inc. 
Page C-3 of 3 
EFTA00730104
--- PAGE 27 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
WARRANTY 
1. WARRANTY 
Sikorsky warrants to Customer that each new helicopter sold by it, the parts and accessories installed 
thereon (except for the engines and engine accessories that are covered by the engine manufacturer's 
separate warranty, as well as Customer-supplied equipment which includes but is not limited to 
specialized mission equipment), shall be free from defects in material and workmanship, under normal 
use and service for the periods outlined below. Normal use and service shall mean the operation and 
maintenance of the Custom Helicopter, sub-assemblies, and parts in accordance with Supplier's Flight, 
Maintenance, or Overhaul Manuals and Operating Instructions. The New Spare Parts warranty shall 
only apply to those parts purchased and delivered pursuant to this S-76D New Helicopter Sales 
Agreement. 
2. 
DURATION 
CATEGORY 
PERIOD OF COVERAGE 
INCLUDES 
Primary Structural 
Parts 
years after delivery of the Custom 
Helicopter to Customer 
Fuselage, stabilizer, tail pylon, tail 
cone 
Non-Primary Structural 
Parts & Dynamic 
Components Installed on 
Aircraft 
years or 1000 hours of operation after 
delivery of the Custom Helicopter to 
Customer, whichever occurs first 
Non-primary structural components, 
dynamic components, rotor blades, 
accessories, avionics, navigation and 
communication equipment 
New Spare Parts 
I year or 1,000 hours from date of 
shipment from Sikorsky 
New Spare Parts & GSE (ground 
support equipment) if purchased under 
this Agreement 
3. SIKORSKY OBLIGATIONS 
A. REPAIR/REPLACEMENT 
Sikorsky shall be obligated under this warranty to the repair or replacement of the defective item with 
a new, overhauled, or serviceable replacement item during the applicable term of the warranty. The 
decision to repair or replace the defective item is solely at the discretion of Sikorsky. 
B. LABOR 
Sikorsky will cover Labor associated with the direct repair of a warranted item by a Sikorsky 
approved and authorized service (repair, maintenance, and overhaul) and/or parts suppliers. The 
Customer must obtain approval from Sikorsky on a case-by-case basis, prior to any such work being 
performed. Labor associated with troubleshooting, gaining access to, the removing and reinstalling a 
warranted item, or testing of the repaired or replaced item is not covered under this warranty. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine, Inc. 
Page D-I of 6 
EFTA00730105
--- PAGE 28 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
4. CUSTOMER'S OBLIGATIONS 
A. The Customer must notify Sikorsky in writing of any defect occurring within the warranty period, 
within sixty (60) days after its discovery. Such notification will be accomplished by completing a 
Sikorsky RSA (Return to Sikorsky Aircraft, SA Form 7859) and submitting it either via telefax or 
email. 
B. If Sikorsky elects to replace or exchange rather than repair and return the warranted item the 
Customer must return the defective item to Sikorsky or its designated repair facility within 30 
days (domestic) or 60 days (international) of receipt of a replacement/ exchange item, if so 
requested by Sikorsky. Any defective item that is replaced or exchanged by Sikorsky shall 
automatically become the property of Sikorsky. 
C. If requested by Sikorsky, the Customer must furnish Sikorsky with copies of pertinent Custom 
Helicopter operational and maintenance records. Such records may include any and all those 
prepared during the entire warranty period immediately preceding the discovery as well as 
records of any incident, accident, or unusual event encountered by the Custom Helicopter at any 
time prior to the discovery of the defect. 
D. HUMS Data Reporting - Each Custom Helicopter sold and delivered hereunder includes a 
Goodrich Health and Usage Monitoring System (HUMS), composed of (1) on-board equipment 
and (2) one mobile ground station (A/C laptop). For as long as the Custom Helicopter is in 
operation, Customer shall provide Sikorsky with aircraft operational data using HUMS. 
Customer shall download HUMS data from the Custom Helicopter to the HUMS ground station 
and make the data for each day of operation of the Custom Helicopter available to Sikorsky. The 
files produced for each flight shall be electronically transferred to Sikorsky. Customer shall 
create a file transfer protocol (FTP) site (or another acceptable means approved by Sikorsky), 
established in accordance with Sikorsky procedures, from which Sikorsky can transfer HUMS 
data on a daily basis (or as frequently as agreed to by both parties). Sikorsky may access the files 
at anytime, but plans to acquire the files on a nightly basis. 
E. Maintenance Data Reporting: For as long as the Custom Helicopter is in operation, Customer 
shall provide Sikorsky with maintenance data on a daily basis (or as frequently as agreed to by 
both parties), in an electronic format, or in accordance with other acceptable means approved by 
Sikorsky. Such obligation shall continue to a subsequent operator if the Customer sells, transfers, 
leases or otherwise conveys the Custom Helicopter to a third party. Failure to provide the HUMS 
data in the manner described above, or in another manner mutually agreed upon by the parties, 
shall void the warranty of the Custom Helicopter. As part of the maintenance data, Sikorsky 
requires records and documentation for all premature removals, including at a minimum the 
following information, in respect of any such removed parts: 
I. Description 
2. Part Number 
3. Serial Number if applicable 
4. Installation Date 
5. Aircraft hrs at installation 
6. Removal Date 
7. Aircraft hours at removal 
8. Time since New 
9. Time since Overhauled 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine, Inc. 
Page D-2 of 6 
EFTA00730106
--- PAGE 29 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
10. Reason for removal / If malfunction — description of how malfunction occurred 
F. Customer expressly acknowledges that Sikorsky's receipt of Customer's HUMS and/or 
Maintenance Data as provided above, does not render Sikorsky responsible for the maintenance 
and/or troubleshooting of the Custom Helicopter in any manner and Customer expressly releases 
Sikorsky from any and all liability in regard to the receipt and analysis of the HUMS data. 
Customer shall indemnify Sikorsky against any claim for liability based on the receipt and 
analysis of HUMS data brought by any subsequent purchaser of the Custom Helicopter. 
Customer shall not rely on and/or expect Sikorsky to analyze the data so as to provide the 
Customer with any advice relating to the maintenance and troubleshooting of the Custom 
Helicopter. 
5. TRANSPORTATION 
Transportation charges relating to approved warranty claims for the return of defective goods to 
Sikorsky, their reshipment to Customer, and the risk of loss thereof, up to and including the average 
cost of Federal Express PI or equivalent, will be borne by Sikorsky if returned in accordance with 
written shipping instructions from Sikorsky. Transportation charges do not include taxes, duties, 
loans, lease charges, exchange fees, warehousing charges, handling charges, or administrative charges 
when charged by a party other than Sikorsky or a Sikorsky subcontractor. 
Any premium 
transportation costs shall be borne by the Customer. 
6. WARRANTY ON REPLACEMENT PARTS 
Parts repaired, replaced, or exchanged (newly manufactured, repaired or overhauled) on a valid 
warranty claim are warranted for the remainder of the original warranty period associated with the 
discrepant part removed. 
A. NO FAULT FOUND 
If Customer returns a part with a defect/failure that cannot be confirmed by either Sikorsky or 
Sikorsky's suppliers and the assessment of the part is evaluated as "No Fault Found", no repair, 
overhaul, or replacement will be provided by Sikorsky and the Customer will be responsible for all 
time and material charges associated with the testing and evaluation of the returned part. 
B. CORE RETURN POLICY 
Customer agrees to return core units within fourteen (14) calendar days for domestic transactions 
(twenty-one (21) calendar days for international transactions), from the date the exchanged unit is 
shipped from Sikorsky's facility (`date shipped'). If the core unit is not received by Sikorsky within 
thirty (30) days from 'date shipped', the exchanged unit shall be considered to be purchased outright 
by Customer and the Customer will be invoiced at list price for CPL items or at current core unit 
value for non-CPL items. 
7. EXCLUSIONS 
This warranty does not apply and Sikorsky shall be relieved of its obligations and liability with 
respect to any claim under the Warranty if such claim results from any of the following: 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc, Inc. 
Page D-3 of 6 
EFTA00730107
--- PAGE 30 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
A. 
Custom Helicopters which are not maintained, operated or repaired in accordance with the 
governing or applicable provisions of Sikorsky's, its subcontractors, the FAA or DOT, as 
applicable, Approved Flight Manual, Maintenance Manual and Service Bulletins, and as each 
thereof may be amended from time to time by Sikorsky, and/or 
B. 
Custom Helicopters which undergo structural modifications, repairs, and/or engine retrofits 
without the express written approval and technical guidance of Sikorsky, and which are 
determined to be the cause or a contributing cause of the defect, and/or 
C. 
Custom Helicopters or parts which have been subject to abuse, misuse, negligence, combat 
damage, incident or accident, and/or 
D. 
Custom Helicopters or parts which have been subject to direct foreign object damage, ingestion 
of foreign material, or any corrosive or erosive agent, and/or 
E. 
Standard consumables and expendable items such as, but not limited to, seals, filters, gaskets, 
tires, hoses, bulbs, switches, batteries, bearings, brake pads and general hardware. 
F. 
Normal wear and tear, including normal wear and tear to exterior paint and interior items such 
as, but not limited to, seats, sidewall and headliner coverings, woodwork, plating and other soft 
trim appearance items, and/or 
G. 
Parts and accessories whose manufacturer's identification tag has been removed or obliterated 
or cannot otherwise be identified as having been installed on the Custom Helicopter at delivery, 
and/or 
H. 
Failures that result from external contamination such as contaminated fuel, oil, hydraulic fluids 
and the like. 
8. DISCLAIMER 
A. TITLE 
Sikorsky warrants to Customer that it will convey good title to the Custom Helicopter and parts 
sold hereunder. Sikorsky's liability and Customer's remedy under this warranty are limited to the 
removal of any title defect or at the election of Sikorsky to the replacement of the Custom 
Helicopter or parts thereof which are defective in title; provided, however, that the right and 
remedies of the parties with respect to patent infringement shall be limited to the provisions of 
Paragraph 8B below. 
B. PATENT INFRINGEMENT 
Sikorsky shall conduct, at its own expense, the entire defense of any claim, suit or action alleging 
that, without further combination, the use or resale by Customer or any subsequent purchaser or 
user of any Custom Helicopter or part delivered hereunder directly infringes any United States 
patent, but only on the conditions that (A) Sikorsky receives prompt written notice of such suit, or 
action and full opportunity and authority to assume the sole defense thereof, including settlement 
and appeals, and all information available to Customer and defendant for such defense; (B) said 
Custom Helicopter or part is made according to a specification or design furnished by Sikorsky 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc, Inc. 
Page D-4 of 6 
EFTA00730108
--- PAGE 31 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
or, if a process patent is involved, the process performed by the Custom Helicopter is 
recommended in writing by Sikorsky; and (C) the suit, or action is brought against Customer or 
one expressly indemnified by Customer. Provided all of the foregoing conditions have been met, 
Sikorsky shall, at its own expense, either settle said suit, or action or shall pay all damages 
excluding consequential damages and costs awarded by the court therein, and, if the use or resale 
of such Custom Helicopter or part is finally enjoined, Sikorsky shall, at Sikorsky's option: 
(i) procure for defendant the right to use or resell the Custom Helicopter or part, (ii) replace them 
with an equivalent non-infringing Custom Helicopter or part, (iii) modify them so they become 
non-infringing but equivalent, or (iv) remove them and refund the purchase price (less a 
reasonable allowance for use, damage, and obsolescence). 
C. If a suit, or action is based on a design or specification furnished by Customer, or on the 
performance of a process not recommended in writing by Sikorsky, or on the use or sale of the 
Custom Helicopter or parts delivered hereunder in combination with other helicopter parts not 
delivered to Customer by Sikorsky, Customer shall indemnify and save Sikorsky harmless 
therefrom. 
D. EXCLUSIVE WARRANTIES & REMEDIES 
THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES ARE EXCLUSIVE AND ARE GIVEN AND 
ACCEPTED IN LIEU OF (i) ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION 
THE 
IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE; AND (ii) ANY OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, RIGHT, CLAIM, OR 
REMEDY IN CONTRACT OR TORT, WHETHER OR NOT ARISING FROM 
SIKORSKY'S OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES' NEGLIGENCE, ACTUAL OR 
IMPUTED, STRICT TORT LIABILITY OR BREACH OF WARRANTY. NEITHER 
SIKORSKY 
NOR 
ANY 
OF 
ITS 
AFFILIATES 
SHALL 
HAVE 
ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS OR 
INJURY TO PERSONS OR PROPERTY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO 
THE CUSTOM HELICOPTER, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO ANY 
DEFECTIVE ITEM HEREUNDER, OR THE INSTALLATION THEREOF. UNDER 
NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL SIKORSKY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, 
HOWEVER CAUSED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF USE, 
LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF PRODUCTION AND/OR LOSS OF REVENUES. NO 
AGREEMENT VARYING OR EXTENDING THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES, 
REMEDIES, OR THIS LIMITATION WILL BE BINDING UPON SIKORSKY OR 
ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES UNLESS IN WRITING, SIGNED BY A DULY 
AUTHORIZED OFFICER OF SIKORSKY OR SUCH AFFILIATES. 
9. GENERAL 
A. This warranty may not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any other party without the 
advance, written consent of Sikorsky. 
5-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc. Inc. 
Page D-5 of 6 
EFTA00730109
--- PAGE 32 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
B. Warranties covering the engines and engine accessories installed on the Custom Helicopter are 
made separately to the Customer by the engine manufacturer. All warranty claims pertaining to 
those items must be made directly to the manufacturer in question, provided that Sikorsky, as a 
matter of accommodation, will process the claim on behalf of the Customer to the appropriate 
manufacturer if so requested. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc, Inc. 
Page D-6 of 6 
EFTA00730110
--- PAGE 33 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT E PART 1 
CERTIFICATE OF HELICOPTER ACCEPTANCE 
Pursuant to the S-76D New Helicopter Sales Agreement Number 
, between Sikorsky [spell out entity] 
and [Customer] ("Customer") 
 , dated 
("Sikorsky") 
Inspection — Customer hereby acknowledges that it has thoroughly inspected the S-76D 
helicopter Serial No. 
and has found it to be acceptable and in accordance 
with the requirements of the above referenced Agreement; and 
Acceptance — Customer hereby accepts the helicopter described below on the 
day 
of 
201_. Flight hours at time of acceptance is 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, [Customer] has caused this Certificate to be executed this 
day 
of 
[CUSTOMER] 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc, Inc. 
Pagc E- I of 2 
EFTA00730111
--- PAGE 34 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT E PART 2 
CERTIFICATE OF COMPLETION SERVICES ACCEPTANCE 
Pursuant to the S-76D New Helicopter Sales Agreement Number 
, between Sikorsky [spell out entity] 
and [Customer] ("Customer")" 
 , dated 
("Sikorsky") 
Inspection — Customer hereby acknowledges that it has thoroughly inspected Completion 
Services performed on the S-76D helicopter Serial No.  
 and has found 
them to be acceptable and in accordance with the requirements of the above referenced 
Agreement; and 
Acceptance — Customer hereby accepts the Completion Services described below on the 
day of 
201_. Flight hours on the Custom Helicopter at time of 
acceptance of the Completion Services is 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, [Customer] has caused this Certificate to be executed this 
day 
of 
[CUSTOMER] 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc, Inc. 
Pagc E-2 of 2 
EFTA00730112

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730113.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation 
6900 Main Street 
Stratford, Connecticut 06615 
(203) 386-4000 
June 9, 2010 
Darren K. Indyke 
Vice President 
Shmitka Air Inc. 
do Darren K. Indyke PLLC 
301 East 66th Street 10B 
New York, NY 10065 
Sikorsky
A United Technologies Company 
In reply refer to 
S76DDA7702-R2 
Subject: 
Second Amendment to 5-76 Deposit Agreement S76DDA7702 between Shmitka Air Inc. 
("Shmitka") and Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation ("Sikorsky"), dated March 31, 2010, as 
amended (the "Agreement") 
Dear Mr. Indyke, 
Reference is hereby made to the terms of the Agreement. 
Sikorsky and Shmitka hereby agree to amend the Agreement as follows: 
(I) 
Delete each and every reference to "May 28, 2010" therein (including in any and all attachments 
thereto), and insert in each such place "July 2, 2010"; 
(2) 
Delete Attachment 2 (Pricing) in its entirety and insert in its place the new Attachment 2 attached 
hereto and made a part hereof. 
(3) 
Modify Attachment 1(b) , S-76D Configuration with the following additions: 
• 
Add option code 32120 Satellite Communication System True North Simphone Dual 
Channel Iridium Connection with cockpit dialer and cabin handset 
• 
Add option code 86101 Approach Plate Holder, lighted, pilot 
• 
Add option code 86102 Approach Plate Holder, lighted, copilot 
• 
Add option code 90002 XM Weather with Integrated Functionality on males Top Deck 
displays (add as Unqualified Equipment) 
• 
Add wording to codes 90019, 90024 and 90025 — "IJI Preferred" 
(4) 
Modify Attachment 3, Terms & Conditions, as follows: 
• 
Delivery Dates for S-76D changed from October, 2011 (baseline) and April, 2012 
(completed) to June, 2012 (baseline) and December, 2012 (completed) 
• 
Inclusions —
o Delete the following words from the first paragraph applicable to S-76C++, "and 
charter support (AAG time) per Sikorsky's standard offering." 
o Delete the following words from the second paragraph applicable to S-76D, "the 
same enhanced training package as contracted previously for s/n 760750." 
Except as modified herein, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement remain valid and in full force. 
Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation 
EFTA00730113
--- PAGE 2 ---
Marc B. Poland 
Commercial Director 
Sikorsky Global Helicopters 
AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED: 
Shmitka Air Inc. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
EFTA00730114
--- PAGE 3 ---
Attachment 2 — Pricing 
S-76C++ 
1. Baseline Price = 
2. Completion Services Price = 
3. Total Contract Price = 
US$8,500,000.00 
US$3 500,000.00 
US$12,000,000.00 
4. Payment Terms 
a. Paid on March 31, 2010 as the S-76C++ portion of the Deposit 
US$7,520,000.00 (the "C++ Deposit") 
b. Baseline Helicopter payment due on execution of S-76C++ Sales Agreement, not 
later than July 1, 2010 
US$2,480,000.00 
c. Final Payment due at delivery of Completion Services 
US$2,000,000.00 
S-76D 
1. Baseline Price = 
2. Completion Services Price = 
3. Total Contract Price = 
US$8,900,000.00 
US$3,268.000.00 
US$12,168,000.00 
4. Payment Terms 
a. Paid on March 31, 2010 as the S-76D portion of the Deposit 
US$2,480,000.00 (the "D Deposit") 
b. Initial Payment = 
US$2,480,000.000 
Due on execution of S-76D Sales Agreement, not later than July 1, 2010 
c. Baseline Helicopter Pymt = US$8,060,000.00 
Due on delivery of Baseline Helicopter 
d. Final Payment = 
US$1,628,000.00 
e. Due at delivery of Completion Services 
ORDER CANCELLATION; REFUND AND INTEREST 
The following terms shall govern refund and application of the Deposit: 
1. In the event the Customer elects to proceed with only the execution of the Sales Agreement 
for S-76C++ (the "C++ Only Solution') — The C++ Deposit shall be applied against the 
amount payable as Initial Payment due on execution of the S-76C ++ Sales Agreement. In 
the event of such election, after deducting the C++ Deposit from the Deposit, Sikorsky shall 
promptly return to Customer the D Deposit, plus all applicable interest on the D Deposit 
accrued from June 1, 2010, for the period beginning June 1, 2010 through and including the 
date of funds return, at the rate of 10% per annum. For the avoidance of doubt, Appendix 1, 
attached hereto and made a part hereof ('Appendix 1"), sets forth the applicable interest 
payment for the C++ Only Solution. The Baseline Helicopter Payment (item 4 (b) above) shall 
be due as specified above and may be paid by application of the credited D Deposit. 
2. In the event the Customer elects to proceed with only the Sales Agreement for S-76D (the "D 
Only Solution") — The D Deposit shall be applied against the amount payable as Initial 
Payment due on execution of the S-76D Sales Agreement. In the event of such election, 
after deducting the D Deposit from the Deposit, Sikorsky shall promptly return to Customer 
the C++ Deposit, plus (i) all applicable interest on the Deposit (10,000,000.00) accrued from 
March 31, 2010, for the period beginning March 31, 2010 through and including May 31, 
2010, at the rate of 5% per annum; and (ii) all applicable interest on the C++ Deposit accrued 
EFTA00730115
--- PAGE 4 ---
from June 1, 2010 for the period beginning June 1, 2010 through and including the date of 
funds return, at the rate of 10% per annum. For the avoidance of doubt, Appendix 1 sets 
forth the applicable interest payment for the D Only Solution. 
3. In the event that Customer elects to proceed with none of the Sales Agreements (the "No 
Solution") - The full amount of the Deposit, plus interest at the applicable rate set forth below, 
accrued from March 31, 2010, shall be refunded to Customer promptly upon termination of 
this Agreement, including, without limitation, the automatic termination of this Agreement as 
provided in Section 4 of this Agreement. Customer may, at Customer's sole election and in 
its sole discretion, terminate this Agreement at any time prior to July 1, 2010. Upon any such 
termination, or the automatic termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 4 of this 
Agreement, Sikorsky shall promptly return to Customer the full amount of the Deposit, without 
penalty, plus interest accrued from March 31, 2010 as follows: (i) for the period beginning 
March 31, 2010 through and including May 31, 2010, at the rate of 5% per annum; and (ii) for 
the period beginning June 1, 2010 through and including the date of funds return, at the rate 
of 10% per annum. For the avoidance of doubt, Appendix 1 sets forth the applicable interest 
payment for the No Solution. 
4. In the event that Customer elects to proceed with both of the Sales Agreements (the "Full 
Solution") — No refund of the Deposit shall be required and no interest shall be applied to the 
Deposit or refunded to Customer. For the avoidance of doubt, Appendix 1 sets forth the 
agreement of the parties with respect to the application of the Deposit for the Full Solution. 
5. In the event that Customer does not receive the full amount of any refund and interest as set 
forth herein within 10 days after the termination of this Agreement, then interest shall accrue 
and be payable to Customer, on Customer's demand therefor, on the unpaid amount at the 
rate of 24% per annum. 
EFTA00730116
--- PAGE 5 ---
Appendix I 
(see attached) 
EFTA00730117
--- PAGE 6 ---
Appendix 1 
Initial Deposit value 
Interest value 
April @ 5% 
May @ 5% 
Cum thru 5/31 
June Deposit value 
S-76C++ 
S-76D 
$10,000,000 
$41,667 
$41,840 
$83,507 
$7,520,000 
$2,480,000 
June Interest values (@10%) 
S-76C++ 
11$63,1891
S-76D 
$20,841 
As of 7/1 (or any date prior), possible outcomes are; 
Scenario 1 - Full Termination 
Refund of Initial Deposit 
$10,000,000 
Refund of interest, cum thru 
5/31 
$83,507 
Refund of all June interest 
$84,029 
TOTAL REFUND 
$10,167,536 
Scenario 2 - Term. C++, Proceed with D 
Refund of C++ Deposit 
$7,520,000 
Refund of interest, cum thru 
5/31 
Refund of June interest on 
C++ 
Payment due on D 
Application of D deposit 
TOTAL REFUND 
$83,507 
$63,189 
(or other value as may be 
-$2,480,000 agreed) 
$2,480,000 
$7,666,696 
Scenario 3 - Term. D, Proceed with C++ 
Refund of D 
Deposit 
$2,480,000 
Payment due on 
C++ 
-$2,480,000 
Refund of June interest on D 
$20,841 
TOTAL REFUND 
S20,841 
Scenario 4 - Proceed with both C++ and D 
No refund of Deposits 
n/a 
No interest applied or returned 
n/a 
EFTA00730118
--- PAGE 7 ---
Payment due on 
C++ 
Payment due on D 
Application of D deposit 
TOTAL REFUND 
-$2,480,000 
(or other value as may be 
-$2,480,000 agreed) 
$2,480,000 
-$2,480,000 
EFTA00730119

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730120.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730120.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation 
6900 Main Street 
Stratford, Connecticut 06615 
(203) 386-4000 
June 9, 2010 
Darren K. Indyke 
Vice President 
Shmitka Air Inc. 
do Darren K. Indyke PLLC 
301 East 66th Street 10B 
New York, NY 10065 
Sikorsky
A United Technologies Company 
In reply refer to 
S76DDA7702-R2 
Subject: 
Second Amendment to 5-76 Deposit Agreement S76DDA7702 between Shmitka Air Inc. 
("Shmitka") and Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation ("Sikorsky"), dated March 31, 2010, as 
amended (the "Agreement") 
Dear Mr. Indyke, 
Reference is hereby made to the terms of the Agreement. 
Sikorsky and Shmitka hereby agree to amend the Agreement as follows: 
(I) 
Delete each and every reference to "May 28, 2010" therein (including in any and all attachments 
thereto), and insert in each such place "July 2, 2010"; 
(2) 
Delete Attachment 2 (Pricing) in its entirety and insert in its place the new Attachment 2 attached 
hereto and made a part hereof. 
(3) 
Modify Attachment 1(b) , S-76D Configuration with the following additions: 
• 
Add option code 32120 Satellite Communication System True North Simphone Dual 
Channel Iridium Connection with cockpit dialer and cabin handset 
• 
Add option code 86101 Approach Plate Holder, lighted, pilot 
• 
Add option code 86102 Approach Plate Holder, lighted, copilot 
• 
Add option code 90002 XM Weather with Integrated Functionality on males Top Deck 
displays (add as Unqualified Equipment) 
• 
Add wording to codes 90019, 90024 and 90025 — "IJI Preferred" 
(4) 
Modify Attachment 3, Terms & Conditions, as follows: 
• 
Delivery Dates for S-76D changed from October, 2011 (baseline) and April, 2012 
(completed) to June, 2012 (baseline) and December, 2012 (completed) 
• 
Inclusions —
o Delete the following words from the first paragraph applicable to S-76C++, "and 
charter support (AAG time) per Sikorsky's standard offering." 
o Delete the following words from the second paragraph applicable to S-76D, "the 
same enhanced training package as contracted previously for s/n 760750." 
Except as modified herein, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement remain valid and in full force. 
Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation 
EFTA00730120
--- PAGE 2 ---
Marc B. Poland 
Commercial Director 
Sikorsky Global Helicopters 
AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED: 
Shmitka Air Inc. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
EFTA00730121
--- PAGE 3 ---
Attachment 2 — Pricing 
S-76C++ 
1. Baseline Price = 
2. Completion Services Price = 
3. Total Contract Price = 
US$8,500,000.00 
US$3 500,000.00 
US$12,000,000.00 
4. Payment Terms 
a. Paid on March 31, 2010 as the S-76C++ portion of the Deposit 
US$7,520,000.00 (the "C++ Deposit") 
b. Baseline Helicopter payment due on execution of S-76C++ Sales Agreement, not 
later than July 1, 2010 
US$2,480,000.00 
c. Final Payment due at delivery of Completion Services 
US$2,000,000.00 
S-76D 
1. Baseline Price = 
2. Completion Services Price = 
3. Total Contract Price = 
US$8,900,000.00 
US$3,268.000.00 
US$12,168,000.00 
4. Payment Terms 
a. Paid on March 31, 2010 as the S-76D portion of the Deposit 
US$2,480,000.00 (the "D Deposit") 
b. Initial Payment = 
US$2,480,000.000 
Due on execution of S-76D Sales Agreement, not later than July 1, 2010 
c. Baseline Helicopter Pymt = US$8,060,000.00 
Due on delivery of Baseline Helicopter 
d. Final Payment = 
US$1,628,000.00 
e. Due at delivery of Completion Services 
ORDER CANCELLATION; REFUND AND INTEREST 
The following terms shall govern refund and application of the Deposit: 
1. In the event the Customer elects to proceed with only the execution of the Sales Agreement 
for S-76C++ (the "C++ Only Solution') — The C++ Deposit shall be applied against the 
amount payable as Initial Payment due on execution of the S-76C ++ Sales Agreement. In 
the event of such election, after deducting the C++ Deposit from the Deposit, Sikorsky shall 
promptly return to Customer the D Deposit, plus all applicable interest on the D Deposit 
accrued from June 1, 2010, for the period beginning June 1, 2010 through and including the 
date of funds return, at the rate of 10% per annum. For the avoidance of doubt, Appendix 1, 
attached hereto and made a part hereof ('Appendix 1"), sets forth the applicable interest 
payment for the C++ Only Solution. The Baseline Helicopter Payment (item 4 (b) above) shall 
be due as specified above and may be paid by application of the credited D Deposit. 
2. In the event the Customer elects to proceed with only the Sales Agreement for S-76D (the "D 
Only Solution") — The D Deposit shall be applied against the amount payable as Initial 
Payment due on execution of the S-76D Sales Agreement. In the event of such election, 
after deducting the D Deposit from the Deposit, Sikorsky shall promptly return to Customer 
the C++ Deposit, plus (i) all applicable interest on the Deposit (10,000,000.00) accrued from 
March 31, 2010, for the period beginning March 31, 2010 through and including May 31, 
2010, at the rate of 5% per annum; and (ii) all applicable interest on the C++ Deposit accrued 
EFTA00730122
--- PAGE 4 ---
from June 1, 2010 for the period beginning June 1, 2010 through and including the date of 
funds return, at the rate of 10% per annum. For the avoidance of doubt, Appendix 1 sets 
forth the applicable interest payment for the D Only Solution. 
3. In the event that Customer elects to proceed with none of the Sales Agreements (the "No 
Solution") - The full amount of the Deposit, plus interest at the applicable rate set forth below, 
accrued from March 31, 2010, shall be refunded to Customer promptly upon termination of 
this Agreement, including, without limitation, the automatic termination of this Agreement as 
provided in Section 4 of this Agreement. Customer may, at Customer's sole election and in 
its sole discretion, terminate this Agreement at any time prior to July 1, 2010. Upon any such 
termination, or the automatic termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 4 of this 
Agreement, Sikorsky shall promptly return to Customer the full amount of the Deposit, without 
penalty, plus interest accrued from March 31, 2010 as follows: (i) for the period beginning 
March 31, 2010 through and including May 31, 2010, at the rate of 5% per annum; and (ii) for 
the period beginning June 1, 2010 through and including the date of funds return, at the rate 
of 10% per annum. For the avoidance of doubt, Appendix 1 sets forth the applicable interest 
payment for the No Solution. 
4. In the event that Customer elects to proceed with both of the Sales Agreements (the "Full 
Solution") — No refund of the Deposit shall be required and no interest shall be applied to the 
Deposit or refunded to Customer. For the avoidance of doubt, Appendix 1 sets forth the 
agreement of the parties with respect to the application of the Deposit for the Full Solution. 
5. In the event that Customer does not receive the full amount of any refund and interest as set 
forth herein within 10 days after the termination of this Agreement, then interest shall accrue 
and be payable to Customer, on Customer's demand therefor, on the unpaid amount at the 
rate of 24% per annum. 
EFTA00730123
--- PAGE 5 ---
Appendix I 
(see attached) 
EFTA00730124
--- PAGE 6 ---
Appendix 1 
Initial Deposit value 
Interest value 
April @ 5% 
May @ 5% 
Cum thru 5/31 
June Deposit value 
S-76C++ 
S-76D 
$10,000,000 
$41,667 
$41,840 
$83,507 
$7,520,000 
$2,480,000 
June Interest values (@10%) 
S-76C++ 
11$63,1891
S-76D 
$20,841 
As of 7/1 (or any date prior), possible outcomes are; 
Scenario 1 - Full Termination 
Refund of Initial Deposit 
$10,000,000 
Refund of interest, cum thru 
5/31 
$83,507 
Refund of all June interest 
$84,029 
TOTAL REFUND 
$10,167,536 
Scenario 2 - Term. C++, Proceed with D 
Refund of C++ Deposit 
$7,520,000 
Refund of interest, cum thru 
5/31 
Refund of June interest on 
C++ 
Payment due on D 
Application of D deposit 
TOTAL REFUND 
$83,507 
$63,189 
(or other value as may be 
-$2,480,000 agreed) 
$2,480,000 
$7,666,696 
Scenario 3 - Term. D, Proceed with C++ 
Refund of D 
Deposit 
$2,480,000 
Payment due on 
C++ 
-$2,480,000 
Refund of June interest on D 
$20,841 
TOTAL REFUND 
S20,841 
Scenario 4 - Proceed with both C++ and D 
No refund of Deposits 
n/a 
No interest applied or returned 
n/a 
EFTA00730125
--- PAGE 7 ---
Payment due on 
C++ 
Payment due on D 
Application of D deposit 
TOTAL REFUND 
-$2,480,000 
(or other value as may be 
-$2,480,000 agreed) 
$2,480,000 
-$2,480,000 
EFTA00730126

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730127.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730127.pdf
----------------------------------------
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
THIS S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), dated as of 
the Effective Date stated below, is made by and between Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation 
("Sikorsky") and the Customer named below. 
I. 
DEFINITIONS/INFORMATION FOR THIS AGREEMENT 
1. 
Customer: 
2. 
Sikorsky Contract No: 
3. 
Helicopter Quantity: 
4. 
Scheduled Presentation Date 
Helicopter: 
5. 
Scheduled Presentation Date 
Completion Services: 
6. 
Helicopter Unit Price: 
7. 
Completion Services Unit Price: 
8. 
Custom Helicopter Unit Price: 
9. 
Total Contract Price: 
10. Payment Schedule: 
a. Helicopter Advance Payment: 
Shmitka Air Inc. 
76DD7702 
One (1) 
June 2012 (or sooner at Sikorsky's option) 
Subject to Confirmation Immediately Prior to 
Execution 
December 2012 (or sooner at Sikorsky's 
option) 
Subject to Confirmation Immediately Prior to 
Execution 
US$ 8,900,000 
US$ 3 268 000 
US$12,168,000 
US$12,168,000 
20% of the Total Contract Price 
(less any previously remitted deposit amount) 
due on the date Customer signs this 
Agreement. 
US$2,333,600 
(US$2,433,600 less $100,000 deposit paid by 
Customer prior to the Effective Date) 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pagc I of IS 
EFTA00730127
--- PAGE 2 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
b. Helicopter Final Payment: 
d. Completion Services Final 
Payment: 
11. Customer's Contact for Technical 
Issues: 
12. Customer's Contact Details for 
Legal Notices and Invoices 
(including, (a) name and title, (b) 
mailing address for notices and 
invoices, (c) department/ 
organization for notices, (d) phone 
number, and (e) e-mail address): 
65% of the Total Contract Price due upon 
acceptance of the Helicopter pursuant to 
Article III.2, subject to Article III.1. 
US$7,909,200 
15% of the Completion Services Unit Price 
due upon acceptance of the Completion 
Services pursuant to Article III.6, subject to 
Article III.5. 
US$1,825,200 
Larry Visoski 
Chief Pilot 
Shmitka Air Inc. 
1131 Pine Point Road 
Sin er Island, FL 33404 
Darren K. Indyke 
Vice-President 
Shmitka Air Inc. 
do Darren K. Indyke PLLC 
301 East 66th Street 10B 
New York, NY 10065 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pagc 2 of 18 
EFTA00730128
--- PAGE 3 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
II. 
SIKORSKY'S COMMITMENTS TO THE CUSTOMER 
1. 
Sale and Delivery — Sikorsky shall sell and deliver to the Customer, and the Customer 
shall purchase from Sikorsky, the Quantity of Sikorsky Model S-76D Helicopters 
equipped with the items of additional equipment specified in Exhibit A, Part 1 (the 
"Helicopter"). 
The Helicopter shall be delivered and, subject to the conditions, 
requirements and other provisions contained in this Agreement, acceptance of the 
Helicopter shall take place at Sikorsky's designated facility, in Pennslyvania (the 
"Designated Facility") and title to the Helicopter shall be transferred to the Customer or 
Customer's designee in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 
2. 
Performance of Completion Services — Sikorsky shall sell and perform the Completion 
Services for Customer and Customer shall purchase the Completion Services on the 
Helicopter, which, as a result of such Completion Services, will then be equipped with 
the items of additional equipment specified in Exhibit A, Part 2 (the "Custom 
Helicopter"). The Completion Services shall be performed subsequent to title transfer 
with Sikorsky retaining custody of the Helicopter subsequent to title transfer to perform 
the Completion Services at a Sikorsky designated completion center (the "Designated 
Completion Center"). 
Following the arrival of the Helicopter at the Designated Completion Center, the 
configuration items specified in Exhibit A, Annex 1, shall be removed from the 
Helicopter and retained by Sikorsky. These configuration items shall be either deleted or 
replaced by the Customer's items of additional equipment specified in Exhibit A, Part 2 
as part of the Completion Services. 
3. 
Publications and Training — Sikorsky shall make available to Customer: 
(i) the 
technical publications described in Exhibit B, and (ii) the training described in Exhibit C. 
4. 
Helicopter Warranty — the terms of Sikorsky's limited warranty are set forth in Exhibit 
D. 
5. 
Spare Parts Provisioning and Technical Support - Sikorsky recommends that a 
provisioning conference should be held between the Customer and representatives of 
Sikorsky Aerospace Services ("SAS"), Sikorsky's aftermarket business, no later than 180 
days before the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, for the purpose of defining the 
Customer's detailed logistics planning considerations and support objectives. Sikorsky 
will invite the Customer to participate in the provisioning conference at Sikorsky's 
designated facility. 
At the provisioning conference, a list of parts and equipment 
recommended to support the Custom Helicopter would be identified and discussed. Any 
spare parts procured by the Customer would be sold pursuant to a separate agreement 
between the Customer and SAS. The Customer shall be responsible for all travel and 
related expenses associated with Customer's personnel attending the provisioning 
conference. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pagc 3 of 18 
EFTA00730129
--- PAGE 4 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
III. 
INSPECTION ACCEPTANCE DELIVERY AND TITLE TRANSFER 
1. 
Presentation for Acceptance — The Helicopter shall be presented for acceptance at the 
Designated Facility on the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter. 
During such 
presentation, the Customer shall be entitled to a standard acceptance test flight by 
Sikorsky for the Helicopter, which test flight shall be no longer than one (1) hour in 
duration, or longer as may be reasonably necessary. Customer's obligation to purchase 
the Helicopter is conditioned upon and subject to Customer being satisfied that (i) the 
Helicopter is in airworthy condition with all flight critical systems functional and in 
proper working order, (ii) the Helicopter has been manufactured in accordance with the 
specifications of this Agreement and that (iii) the Helicopter has no damage, corrosion or 
other defects. If Customer does not make itself available for presentation and acceptance 
of the Helicopter, the Helicopter Final Payment shall be due within ten (10) days 
following receipt by Customer of written notice that the Helicopter is ready for 
presentation and acceptance; provided, that if Customer's failure to make itself available 
is attributable to causes that would be an Excusable Delay as defined in Article VIII.1, 
then, without impairing any of Sikorsky's rights under Article VIII.2, Customer shall be 
afforded such time as may be reasonably required to remove such causes; and, provided, 
further, that if Customer's failure to make itself available is attributable to a material 
breach on the part of Sikorsky, Sikorsky shall be afforded such time as may be 
reasonably required to cure such breach. 
2. 
Acceptance, Delivery and Title Transfer — Subject to the provisions of Section 11I.1 of 
this Agreement, after presentation, Customer shall accept the Helicopter by executing a 
Certificate of Helicopter Acceptance in the form of Exhibit E Part 1. Thereafter, upon 
receipt of the Helicopter Final Payment in accordance with Article I.10.b., above, 
Sikorsky shall deliver, at the Designated Facility, to Customer, or Customer's designee, a 
Bill of Sale and a Certificate of Airworthiness to evidence delivery and title transfer. The 
Helicopter shall be delivered Ex Works (Incoterms 2000) from the Designated Facility. 
Subsequent to title transfer to Customer, Sikorsky shall retain custody of the Helicopter 
in order to perform the Completion Services. 
3. 
No Prospective Registration of Interest — Prior to the transfer of title as provided in this 
Agreement, Customer, without the prior written consent of Sikorsky, shall neither register 
nor consent to the ability of any person to register any interest in the Helicopter or its 
engines on the International Registry, including without limitation, any prospective 
international interest, pursuant to that body of law known as the Cape Town Treaty 
Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment and the Protocol to the 
Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment on Matters Specific to 
Aircraft Equipment (hereinafter the "Cape Town Treaty"). Any consent by Sikorsky to 
registration of any interest in the Helicopter or its engines shall be subject to, among 
other things at Sikorsky's sole discretion, receipt by Sikorsky of all payments due under 
this Agreement at the time of title transfer of the Helicopter to Customer. Registration of 
any interest under the Cape Town Treaty in violation of this paragraph shall be deemed 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pogo 4 of IS 
EFTA00730130
--- PAGE 5 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
ineffective as against Sikorsky and, upon request of Sikorsky, Customer, at its own 
expense, immediately shall take all required action to remove any such interest or other 
encumbrance on the Helicopter or its engines. 
4. 
Risk of Loss — Sikorsky shall have risk of loss of the Helicopter, subsequent to the 
transfer of title until the Customer's acceptance of the Completion Services as evidenced 
by the Customer's execution of a Certificate of Completion Services Acceptance in the 
form of Exhibit E, Part 2. In the event that the Helicopter is damaged or the functionality 
is in any way compromised during the conduct of the Completion Services, Sikorsky 
shall be required, as a part of the Completion Services, to repair such damage or restore 
such functionality to as good condition as new. Customer agrees that any insurance 
proceeds for such repair shall be paid directly to Sikorsky. In the event the Helicopter is 
lost or destroyed or damaged beyond economic repair at any time prior to Customer's 
acceptance, Customer shall have the right to either (i) purchase the next available S-76D 
helicopter in Sikorsky's production sequence (the "Replacement Helicopter"), if 
available, on the same terms and conditions as set forth in this Agreement; provided, that 
Sikorsky reserves the right to make changes in the Exhibit A configuration and 
Helicopter Unit Price of the Replacement Helicopter required due to obsolescence, FAA 
requirements, or as a result of changes in the manufacture of the Helicopter; or (ii) 
terminate this Agreement. Customer shall notify Sikorsky of its decision within fifteen 
(15) days of receipt by Customer of written notice from Sikorsky of the loss or 
destruction of or damage beyond economic repair to the Helicopter, which notice shall 
include the projected delivery date of the Replacement Helicopter, or a statement 
indicating that such Replacement Helicopter is not available. 
5. 
Presentation of Completion Services for Acceptance — The Custom Helicopter shall be 
presented for technical acceptance of the Completion Services performed at the Sikorsky 
Designated Completion Center on the Scheduled Presentation Date Completion Services. 
During such presentation, the Customer shall be entitled to a standard acceptance test 
flight by Sikorsky for the Custom Helicopter, which test flight shall be no longer than one 
(1) hour in duration or longer as may be reasonably necessary. Customer's obligation to 
accept the Completion Services is subject to Customer being satisfied that the 
Completion Services have been satisfactorily completed and that the Custom Helicopter, 
as previously accepted by Customer, is in airworthy condition with all flight critical 
systems functional and in proper working order, the Custom Helicopter has been 
manufactured in accordance with the specifications of this Agreement, and that the 
Custom Helicopter has no damage, corrosion or other defects. If Customer does not 
make itself available for presentation and acceptance of the Completion Services, the 
Completion Services Final Payment shall be due within ten (10) days following receipt 
by Customer of written notice that the Completion Services are ready for presentation 
and acceptance; provided, that if Customer's failure to make itself available is 
attributable to causes that would be an Excusable Delay as defined in Article VIII.1, then, 
without impairing any of Sikorsky's rights under Article VIII.2, Customer shall be 
afforded such time as may be reasonably required to remove such causes; and, provided, 
further, that if Customer's failure to make itself available is attributable to a material 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pogo 5 of 18 
EFTA00730131
--- PAGE 6 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
breach on the part of Sikorsky, Sikorsky shall be afforded such time as may be 
reasonably required to cure such breach. 
6. 
Acceptance of Completion Services - Subject to the provisions of Section III.5 of this 
Agreement, after inspection, Customer shall accept the Completion Services by executing 
a Certificate of Acceptance of the Completion Services in the form of Exhibit E, Part 2. 
Thereafter, upon receipt of the Completion Services Final Payment pursuant to Article I. 
10.d. above, Sikorsky shall provide to Customer a FAA return to service certification 
and, if applicable, an Export Certificate of Airworthiness, and the Custom Helicopter 
shall then be at Customer's risk. If applicable under the terms of this Agreement, 
Sikorsky retains the right to utilize its own freight forwarder for the preparation and 
booking of any export shipment. 
IV. 
PRICE/PAYMENT SCHEDULE 
1. 
Price/Payment Schedule — The Customer shall pay to Sikorsky the payments set forth in 
the Payment Schedule contained in Article I hereof by wire transfer to: 
Sikorsky's Account No. 57-56685 
Routing No. 021000021 
SWIFT:CHASUS33 
JP MORGAN CHASE 
New York, NY 
(or such other account that Sikorsky may designate in writing). Sikorsky shall provide an 
invoice to Customer for all payments due hereunder in accordance with the Payment 
Schedule contained in Article I hereof. 
V. 
CONFIGURATION 
1. 
Sikorsky Specification Changes - Before the Scheduled Presentation Date Completion 
Services, Sikorsky reserves the right to make any substitution or amendment to Exhibit A 
(Helicopter Configuration) hereto that it deems necessary in order to ensure that the 
Helicopter and/or Custom Helicopter complies with any airworthiness requirement or any 
mandatory airworthiness directive or service bulletins affecting the Helicopter and/or 
Custom Helicopter issued by Sikorsky, any vendor or the FAA. 
2. 
Configuration Finalization — To facilitate finalization of the configuration for the 
Helicopter, Sikorsky and Customer agree as follows: 
2.1 
Customer Guidance — Not later than two hundred ten (210) days prior to the 
Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, Customer must provide guidance to 
Sikorsky with respect to exterior paint colors and interior colors and materials (as 
applicable). Sikorsky will create exterior renderings and interior material boards 
based on this guidance, and will present this material at the configuration review 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pogo 6 of IS 
EFTA00730132
--- PAGE 7 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
meeting described in clause 2.2 below. 
2.2 
Configuration Finalization Meeting — Not later than one hundred eighty (180) 
days prior to the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, Sikorsky and Customer 
shall conduct a configuration review meeting at the Designated Facility to review 
and discuss the aircraft systems and interior specifications. The intent of this 
meeting is to provide Customer with a thorough understanding of the aircraft 
systems and interior specifications. Sikorsky will also present to the Customer 
exterior paint schemes and interior configuration and materials that are based on 
colors and guidance provided to Sikorsky prior to the meeting by Customer 
(reference paragraph 2.1 above). All travel, living and communication expenses 
incurred by Customer's representatives shall be borne by Customer. Customer 
approval of the specifications is sought at the time of the Configuration 
Finalization Meeting, but not later than thirty (30) days following the meeting. 
The document conveying Customer approval of the specifications is the executed 
specification approval log, detailed in 2.3.1 below. 
2.3 
Customer Furnished Information — Not later than one hundred fifty (150) days 
prior to the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, Customer will furnish 
Sikorsky with the following information: 
2.3.1 
Executed specification approval log. Items requiring approval in this log 
include, but are not limited to: 
• 
System Specification 
• 
Audio Specification (if applicable) 
• 
Interior Configuration Document 
• 
Interior Material Board 
• 
Seat Upholstery Style (if applicable) 
• 
External Paint Rendering 
• 
Exterior Paint Colors 
• 
Exterior Paint Production Drawing 
• 
Any required Customer furnished camera-ready artwork for 
logos (if applicable) 
• 
Registration numbers and ICAO addresses for the Helicopter 
2.4 
Failure to Provide Configuration Information/Customer Initiated Changes -
Failure to provide Sikorsky with any of the information by the respective dates 
described in subsections 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 above, or any change to such 
information, including changes to the configuration, not caused by or proposed by 
Sikorsky after such respective dates (i) may result in a delivery delay and such 
delay shall constitute an Excusable Delay with respect to Sikorsky's performance 
under this Agreement, and (ii) may result in the imposition of one of the two 
configuration change fee scenarios identified in subsections I) and 2) below. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pagc 7 of IS 
EFTA00730133
--- PAGE 8 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
The scenarios identified below exclude the recurring price (materials and labor) 
that may be applicable to the equipment items changed by Customer. The 
recurring price for the equipment items will be included in the Custom Helicopter 
Unit Price. 
Configuration change fee and schedule impact for change(s) contracted in a single 
contract amendment/transaction: 
I) 
If a signed amendment to this Agreement and Customer approvals in accordance 
with paragraph 2.3.1 above are finalized more than ninety (90) days prior to the 
Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, then the following shall apply: 
-- Acceptable changes: Any Change. 
-- Configuration change fee: None. 
-- Schedule Delay: Depending on time for new part(s) design, time for 
certification, and lead time for new part(s). 
2) 
If a signed amendment to this Agreement and Customer approvals in accordance 
with paragraph 2.3.1 above are finalized ninety (90) days or less than ninety (90) 
days prior to the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter, then the following shall 
apply: 
For existing certified options or development options: 
a. $50,000 or 20% of value of contract change (whichever is greater); plus 
b. Any costs or termination liability incurred by Sikorsky as a result of the 
change; plus 
c. Any cost of rework (including, without limitation, Sikorsky's labor and material 
costs incurred to rework items to accommodate the Customer requested changes); 
and 
d. Any schedule delay caused by lead time for obtaining parts, added design time, 
design certification and/or installation time for new part(s). 
3) 
At any time during performance of Completion Services no configuration changes 
will be accepted. The Helicopter will be completed in accordance with the 
configuration identified in this Agreement and any changes will be contracted 
separately in a stand alone Modification Agreement. Services provided under any 
such Modification Agreement will be accomplished at a Sikorsky Designated 
Facility. 
3. Customer's Changes to Configuration and Additional Equipment — In the event that the 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pagc S of IS 
EFTA00730134
--- PAGE 9 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
Customer desires to change the Helicopter configuration and/or obtain additional 
equipment for the Helicopter, the parties must mutually agree on a written amendment to 
this Agreement reflecting such changes and setting forth any changes in the price and/or 
delivery schedule. 
For this purpose, the Customer hereby appoints the Customer's 
Contact for Technical Issues as set forth in Article I, which person has authority to 
negotiate any such changes with Sikorsky and execute a legally binding amendment 
reflecting such technical, price and/or delivery changes. 
4. Suitability of Configuration — The Customer is responsible for having ensured that the 
helicopter configuration, defined herein, meets all the operational requirements of the 
country of destination/registration as they relate to the specific intended usage of the 
Custom Helicopter. If requested, Sikorsky shall make a good faith attempt to assist in the 
determination of this configuration. If required for import/registration requirements in 
the foreign country, Sikorsky shall endeavor to obtain that country's design approval of 
the configuration items not already approved. 
VI. 
HELICOPTER RELATED PROVISIONS, INCLUDING S-76D DEVELOPMENT 
STATUS 
1. 
S-76D Development - The S-76D helicopter is currently in development at Sikorsky. If 
at any time prior to Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) certification of the S-76D, 
Sikorsky is not satisfied with the development of the S-76D, or in the event that the S-
76D helicopter is not certified by the FAA, Sikorsky may terminate this Agreement with 
the Customer upon written notice. In case of such a termination by Sikorsky, the 
Customer shall have the option of (a) receiving reimbursement from Sikorsky of all 
amounts paid to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter, or (b) applying the amounts paid to 
Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter to the purchase of a new S-76C-HE helicopter from 
Sikorsky, if available. During the development of the S-76D helicopter, Sikorsky may 
deem it necessary or desirable to change the configuration of the Helicopter/Custom 
Helicopter referenced in this Agreement. In such case, Sikorsky agrees to consult with 
the Customer with regard to any such configuration change and Sikorsky will attempt to 
present a configuration change that does not (i) adversely affect the capabilities or 
function of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter; and/or (ii) materially and adversely affect 
the aesthetics of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter. In the event that the parties mutually 
and reasonably conclude that the configuration cannot be changed without adversely 
affecting the capabilities or function of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter and/or 
materially and adversely affecting the aesthetics of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter, 
then either party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other. In case 
of such termination, the Customer shall have the option of (a) receiving reimbursement 
from Sikorsky of all amounts paid to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter, or (b) 
applying the amounts paid to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter to the purchase of a 
new S-76C++ helicopter from Sikorsky, if available. 
2. S-76D FAA Certification — In addition, the obligations of Sikorsky under this Agreement 
are subject to the certification of the S-76D helicopter by the FAA prior to the Scheduled 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Pagc 9 of 18 
EFTA00730135
--- PAGE 10 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
Presentation Date Helicopter. Sikorsky anticipates obtaining certification by September 
30, 2011. In the event that such FAA certification is not obtained by such date, such 
delay shall be considered an excusable delay pursuant to Section IX paragraph 1 of this 
Agreement; provided, that if the aggregate duration of such excusable delay extends more 
than more than one hundred twenty (120) days, then either party may terminate this 
Agreement upon written notice to the other. In case of such termination, the Customer 
shall have the option of (a) receiving reimbursement from Sikorsky of all amounts paid to 
Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter, or (b) applying the amounts paid to Sikorsky in 
respect of the Helicopter to the purchase of a new S-76C-HF helicopter from Sikorsky, if 
available. 
3. Special Flight Tests — Flight test work required for prototyping, functional checkout, or 
qualification of any additional equipment contracted may be performed by Sikorsky on 
the Helicopter and the Custom Helicopter prior to title transfer thereto or final delivery 
thereof, respectively, to the Customer. The delivery of the Helicopter or the Custom 
Helicopter may be delayed to the extent necessary to accomplish the flight test work 
objectives without any liability on the part of Sikorsky for any such delay. In the event 
the Helicopter is lost or destroyed or damaged beyond economic repair at any time prior 
to Customer's acceptance, Customer shall have the right to either (i) purchase the next 
available S-76D helicopter in Sikorsky's production sequence (the "Replacement 
Helicopter"), if available, on the same terms and conditions as set forth in this 
Agreement; provided, that Sikorsky reserves the right to make changes in the Exhibit A 
configuration and Helicopter Unit Price of the Replacement Helicopter required due to 
obsolescence, FAA requirements, or as a result of changes in the manufacture of the 
Helicopter; or (ii) terminate this Agreement. Customer shall notify Sikorsky of its 
decision within fifteen (15) days of receipt by Customer of written notice from Sikorsky 
of the loss or destruction of or damage beyond economic repair to the Helicopter, which 
notice shall include the projected delivery date of the Replacement Helicopter, or a 
statement indicating that such Replacement Helicopter is not available. In case of any 
purchase by Customer of the Replacement Helicopter, Sikorsky shall apply to such 
purchase the amounts paid to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter. In the event of any 
termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section VI.3, Sikorsky or the insurer, as 
the case may be, shall promptly refund to the Customer all amounts previously paid by 
Customer to Sikorsky in respect of the Helicopter or Custom Helicopter so destroyed. 
4. Compliance Statement Regarding Airworthiness Directives (ADs), and Alert Service 
Bulletins (ASBs) - Sikorsky will deliver the Custom Helicopter with all applicable ADs 
and ASBs existing prior to the Scheduled Presentation Date Completion Services 
complied with. The delivery of the Custom Helicopter may be delayed to the extent 
necessary to comply with any ADs or ASBs without any liability on the part of Sikorsky 
for such delay. 
5. 
HelotracTm - With each Helicopter sold and delivered hereunder, Sikorsky shall 
make available to Customer, at no cost to Customer, a one-year subscription to this 
service. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Page 10 of 18 
EFTA00730136
--- PAGE 11 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
VII 
INTERNATIONAL SALES PROVISIONS lit applicable! 
1. 
Export License — Customer and Sikorsky agree that this Agreement is intended to 
provide for the purchase and sale only of items that are not classified as US Munitions 
List (USML) items and can be exported under United States Department of Commerce 
License Exception NLR (no license required). Sikorsky represents that the Helicopter 
configuration provided under this Agreement at the time of delivery consists only of 
items that can be exported under the United States Department of Commerce License 
Exception NLR. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that this Agreement or the 
performance of the parties hereunder is or becomes subject to United States export or 
import laws, the full performance by Sikorsky under this Agreement will be subject to the 
receipt of all applicable United States government export licenses and approvals. In such 
event, any cause that may delay the receipt of a required United States export license or 
approval may result in a delay of the delivery of the Helicopter to Customer. Any 
delivery delay caused thereby shall be deemed an excusable delay in accordance with 
Article VIII.1. to this Agreement. Should any individual item on the Helicopter or 
Custom Helicopter later become subject to US export restrictions Sikorsky will attempt to 
replace the item with an exportable item and notify the Customer of such change at 
Sikorsky's earliest convenience. Should no exportable item be mutually agreed to 
between Sikorsky and Customer, both parties shall be released from any further 
obligations for inclusion of the subject item and any required price adjustment related to 
such un-exportable item shall also be made. 
2. 
Import License — Customer shall be responsible for obtaining and complying with any 
and all import licenses or other authorizations and import taxes or fees which may be 
required by the country of destination for importing the Custom Helicopter. 
3. 
FAA Registration - Customer shall be responsible for obtaining FAA aircraft registration 
in the United States upon transfer of title of the Helicopter in accordance with this 
Agreement; provided however that upon Customer's request, Sikorsky shall provide 
Customer with all reasonable assistance required. In the event Customer cannot comply 
with FAA regulations for aircraft registration in the United States upon transfer of title of 
the Helicopter in accordance with this Agreement, Sikorsky shall refer Customer to a 
third party trustee (the "Trustee") who shall take title to the Helicopter upon acceptance 
of the Helicopter through the acceptance of the Completion Services. All fees assessed 
by the Trustee in connection with its services shall be borne by Sikorsky. Sikorsky shall 
consent to the assignment of the Agreement to the Trustee for this purpose and Customer 
shall execute any necessary documentation in connection therewith. 
4. 
Operations Within United States — If, after transfer of title, acceptance of Completion 
Services, and removal from the United States N-number registry, the Helicopter/Custom 
Helicopter is to be flown within the jurisdiction of the United States for any reason, 
Customer, shall, prior to such operation, obtain and carry currently effective certificates 
of registration and airworthiness issued or rendered valid by the country of registry and 
shall display the nationality and registration markings of that country, as required by Title 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Page II of 18 
EFTA00730137
--- PAGE 12 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
Part 375 of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations. 
The Customer shall comply with 
all other United States federal, state, and local laws and regulations that may be 
applicable to the operation of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter in the United States. 
5. 
Special Airworthiness Requirements — The Customer is responsible for ensuring that the 
Helicopter/Custom Helicopter configuration meets all the operational requirements of the 
country of destination/registration/operation for the Customer's intended usage. In the 
event Customer wishes to have changes made to the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter to 
meet specific airworthiness requirements of the country of destination, Customer shall 
supply to Sikorsky, in the English language, copies of the applicable standards and a 
complete description of the changes desired. Sikorsky will review all requested changes 
and promptly submit a quotation to Customer of the effect on prices and delivery of 
incorporating such changes. 
In accordance with paragraph 2.3.1 of Article V 
(Configuration) hereof, failure to provide Sikorsky with any of the referenced 
information by the respective dates described therein, or any change to such information, 
including changes to the configuration, not caused by or proposed by Sikorsky after such 
dates (i) may result in a delivery delay and such delay shall constitute an Excusable 
Delay with respect to Sikorsky's performance under this Agreement, and (ii) may result 
in the imposition of a configuration change fee as described in paragraph 2.4 of Article V 
(Configuration) hereof. Although Sikorsky may provide Customer with assistance in 
evaluating the specific airworthiness requirements of the country of destination and 
suggest changes to meet such requirements, Sikorsky assumes no responsibility for the 
acceptability of such changes to government authorities and assumes no obligation to 
meet the airworthiness requirements of any country. 
6. 
Compliance with Laws — The terms, conditions and performance by the parties under this 
Agreement will comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and controls, 
including, but not limited to the following: 
a. If the Scheduled Presentation Date Helicopter shall occur prior to receipt of all 
U.S. Government export approvals required for delivery of the Helicopter or 
Custom Helicopter, Sikorsky shall transfer title to the Helicopter or Custom 
Helicopter only to a U.S. entity, and if to a U.S. financing institution, only to such 
U.S. financing institution that is a "broker within the meaning of the ITAR (22 
CFR Part 129); and 
b. Prior to receipt of all U.S. government export approvals required for delivery of 
the Helicopter or Custom Helicopter, no "foreign person", as that term is defined 
within the ITAR (22 CFR Part 120), shall have any access to the Helicopter, 
Custom Helicopter or any related technical data or assistance. 
VIII. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1. 
Excusable Delays - Customer acknowledges that the goods called for hereunder are to be 
manufactured for Customer to fulfill this Agreement and that the delivery dates are based 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Page 12 of 18 
EFTA00730138
--- PAGE 13 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
on the assumption that there will be no delay due to causes beyond Sikorsky's reasonable 
control. Sikorsky shall not be charged with any liability for delay or non-delivery when 
due to delays of suppliers (to the extent such delays are not caused by the acts or 
omissions of Sikorsky), acts of God, terrorism or the public enemy, compliance in good 
faith with any applicable foreign or domestic governmental regulation or order whether 
or not it proves to be invalid, fires, riots, labor disputes, unusually severe weather, or any 
other cause beyond the reasonable control of Sikorsky. To the extent that such causes 
actually delay deliveries on the part of Sikorsky, the time for Sikorsky's performance 
shall be extended for as many days beyond the delivery date as are required to remove 
such causes. This provision shall not, however, relieve Sikorsky from using reasonable 
efforts to avoid or remove such causes and continue performance with reasonable 
dispatch whenever such causes are removed. 
1.1 
Unqualified Equipment — [IF APPLICABLE] Sikorsky shall not be charged with 
any liability for delay or non-delivery when due to delays in approval of 
equipment defined within this Article VIII.1.1, by the appropriate regulatory 
authority. The following Customer-specific equipment has not yet been approved 
for installation on the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter by the appropriate regulatory 
authority: 
Nomenclature 
System 
Supplier 
Option code 11112 
Thales TopDeck Upgrade Thales 
for WAAS/LPV* 
Option code 90001 
XM Weather with 
XM Satellite Radio Inc. 
Integrated Functionality 
on Thales TopDeck 
Displays* 
(*These items need to be finally confirmed as to Sikorsky's capability to include 
in the Helicopter configuration within the delivery schedule quoted herein.) 
In order to support the Scheduled Presentation Date Completion Services, the 
equipment supplier must provide substantiating data and/or analysis to Sikorsky 
in a timely manner to accomplish the qualification approval. If the supplier is not 
capable or willing to provide this substantiation in a timely manner to support 
delivery of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter, the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter 
will be delivered with space and power provisions, as applicable, with the 
equipment furnished on delivery as loose equipment. The Customer will be 
offered the alternative of having Sikorsky perform necessary tests, without 
guaranty of results, for an additional price. 
2. 
Inability Or Refusal To Pay — If the Customer is unable or refuses to make payment to 
Sikorsky in accordance with any of its obligations to Sikorsky, or if the Customer's acts 
S-761) Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Page 13 of IS 
EFTA00730139
--- PAGE 14 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
or omissions preclude Sikorsky's performance under this Agreement, in each case, 
through no fault of Sikorsky, then Sikorsky shall provide written notice thereof to 
Customer (the "Late Payment Notice"). Customer shall be deemed to be in default 
hereunder if Customer fails to make any payments referenced in the Late Payment Notice 
to Sikorsky within ten (10) days of Customer's receipt of the Late Payment Notice. Upon 
the occurrence of any such default, Sikorsky may, at its option, terminate this Agreement 
by giving to the Customer thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intention to 
terminate. If such default has not been cured on or before the expiration of such thirty 
(30) day period, this Agreement shall terminate effective upon written notice from 
Sikorsky to Customer. To the extent Customer cures such default within the time periods 
set forth herein, the obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall continue in full 
force and effect. Upon any such termination, Sikorsky shall be relieved of any further 
obligations to the Customer and (i) the Customer shall reimburse Sikorsky for its 
termination costs and expenses and a reasonable allowance for profit and (ii) to the extent 
that the Customer holds title to the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter for which Customer is 
unable or refuses to make payment to Sikorsky, or in respect of which Customer's acts or 
omissions preclude Sikorsky's performance, immediately upon Sikorsky's request, and at 
Customer's expense, the Customer shall execute such documents as are necessary to 
transfer title to such Helicopter/Custom Helicopter to Sikorsky free and clear of any and 
all encumbrances. All sums paid to Sikorsky under this Agreement, from whatever 
sources, will be considered the liquidated value of sub-paragraph (i) above and may be 
retained by Sikorsky in fulfillment of the defined costs, expenses, and allowances. 
3. 
Liquidated Damages for Delayed Delivery - In the event the actual presentation date of 
the Custom Helicopter is delayed beyond the Scheduled Presentation Date Completion 
Services listed in Article I hereof for any reason other than an excusable delay described 
in Article VIII.1, then commencing on the 60th day after the Scheduled Presentation Date 
Completion Services, unless otherwise agreed, the Completion Services Final Payment 
shall be adjusted downward in the amount of $1,000 per day until the 120th day after the 
Scheduled Presentation Date Completion Services, until the Custom Helicopter is 
delivered, or the maximum adjustment of $60,000 is reached (whichever occurs first). 
This shall be the Customer's sole remedy for delayed delivery of the Custom Helicopter. 
4. 
Taxes — In addition to the Total Contract Price, the Customer shall be responsible for 
payment of any and all taxes (including any sales and use tax, but not including 
Sikorsky's income taxes), which may be imposed by any taxing authority arising from the 
sale, delivery or use of the Helicopter/Custom Helicopter. 
5. 
Limitation Of Liability — With respect to any Helicopter/Custom Helicopter, part or 
service purchased under this Agreement and alleged to be the direct or indirect cause of 
any loss or damage to the Customer, the sum equal to the invoiced price of such 
Helicopter/Custom Helicopter, part or service shall be the ceiling limit on Sikorsky's or 
any of its affiliate's liability whether founded in contract or tort (including negligence, 
strict tort liability or breach of warranty), arising out of or resulting from (i) this 
Agreement or the performance or breach thereof, or (ii) the design, manufacture, 
S-761) Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Page 14 of IS 
EFTA00730140
--- PAGE 15 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
delivery, sale, repair, replacement, or any use of such Custom Helicopter, or (iii) the 
furnishing of any such service. In no event shall Sikorsky or any of its affiliates have any 
liability for any incidental or consequential damages. 
6. 
Assignment — This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the 
successors and assigns of the parties hereto, but it may not be voluntarily assigned, 
wholly or in part, by either party hereto without the prior written consent of the other 
party; provided however, that Sikorsky shall have the right to assign this Agreement to a 
wholly-owned subsidiary or affiliate of Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation. In the event that 
Sikorsky, in its sole discretion, consents to an assignment request made by Customer, 
Sikorsky shall have the right to impose a transaction fee under this Agreement in an 
amount equal to one-percent (1%) of the Total Contract Price in consideration of 
providing consent to such assignment. For the avoidance of doubt, an assignment by 
Customer to a wholly owned subsidiary or to a financial institution relating to the 
financing of the purchase of the aircraft by Customer would not be subject to the 
transaction fee. 
7. 
Construction — This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the plain English 
meaning of its terms, and the construction thereof shall be governed by the laws of the 
State of Connecticut, United States of America. The parties further agree to submit to the 
jurisdiction of both the state and federal courts of Connecticut. 
8. 
Notices — All notices or communications of any kind under and with respect to this 
Agreement shall be in the English language. All legal notices shall be given by hand 
delivery or registered mail and, if to the Customer, shall be addressed as indicated in 
Article I; and if to Sikorsky, shall be addressed to Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation, 6900 
Main Street, P. O. Box 9729, Stratford, Connecticut 06615-9129, U.S.A., Attention: 
Vice President - General Counsel. The effective date of each such notice shall be the 
date it is received. 
9. 
Non Disclosure — With exception for the existence of this Agreement, the parties hereby 
agree that neither party shall disclose to any third party the contents of this Agreement 
without the prior written approval of the other party other than each party's officers, 
directors, employees, agents or professional advisors with a need to know the same, 
except as may be required in the performance of this Agreement. 
10. 
Entire Agreement — The terms and conditions contained in this Agreement constitute the 
entire agreement between the parties hereto and shall supersede all previous 
communications, representations or agreements, either oral or written, between the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and no agreement or 
understanding varying or extending the same will be binding upon either party hereto 
unless in writing, signed by a duly authorized officer or representative thereof. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Page 15 of IS 
EFTA00730141
--- PAGE 16 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by each party's authorized 
representative. 
SHMITKA AIR INC.: 
SIKORSKY AIRCRAFT 
CORPORATION: 
By: 
 By: 
Name: 
Name: 
Title: 
Title: 
Date: 
Effective Date: 
ATTACHMENTS:
Exhibit A 
Helicopter Configuration 
Exhibit B 
Publications 
Exhibit C 
Training 
Exhibit D 
Warranty 
Exhibit E 
Certificates 
Part I 
Form of Certificate of Helicopter Acceptance 
Part 2 
Form of Certificate of Completion Services Acceptance 
S-761) Contract No. 76DD7702 Shmitka Air Inc.. 
Page 16 of IS 
EFTA00730142
--- PAGE 17 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
HELICOPTER CONFIGURATION 
The1611°1.ring items of. tandard and optional equipment as described below, which have been 
selected by the Customer, shall he installed on the Helicopter to he delivered under this 
Agreement. 
DELUXE EXECUTIVE CONFIGURATION 
PART 1 
BASELINE AIRCRAFT 
Features of the S-76D Aircraft: 
Dynamic System: Two Pratt & Whitney 210S engines and a four blade articulated main rotor system with 
dual controls. 
Cockpit: An integrated Thales avionics suite, with an upgradable avionics package. There is a Bleed Air 
Heating Defogging system and dual windshield wipers. The Pilot and Copilot seats are equipped with a 
five point Restraint system. 
Cabin: A large cabin that can be configured for various different missions and a 38 cubic foot baggage 
compartment 
Other: Goodrich Health and Usage Monitoring System (HUMS), Active Vibration Control (AVC) system 
with single nose vertical force generator, retractable landing gear, and 295 gallons of usable fuel 
Baseline Avionics Package Includes: 
Thales TopDeck Avionics Suite 
Four Thales IAD 68 (Integrated Avionics Displays) including a dual embedded FMS functionality, dual 
MCDU (Multipurpose Control and Display Units), dual Vehicle Monitoring Modules (VMMs) providing data 
concentration functions, dual Litef LCR-100 AHRS, dual Thales ADU 3200 Air Data Computers, and dual 
Flight Control Modules (FCM) and actuators provide the four axis autopilot with Stability Augmentation 
System (SAS), Autopilot (ATT), and Coupled Flight Director (CFD) functions and attitude rate damping. 
Radio Nav/Comm 
Dual Collins VHF-4000 radios, Collins TDR-94D mode S transponder with diversity to meet Elementary & 
Enhanced Surveillance requirements, single Collins NAV-4000 providing VOR/ILS/MB and embedded 
ADF, single NAV-4500 for VOR/ILS/MB, single Collins DME-4000, single Thales AHV-1600 radio 
altimeter, single Thales Topstar 200NG GPS sensor, and Artex C406-N HM ELT including programming 
adapter. 
S-76O Contract No. 76DO7702 Air rihislainc. Inc. 
Page A-I of 5 
EFTA00730143
--- PAGE 18 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
BASELINE AIRCRAFT - continued 
Audio: Dual dB Systems 380 Audio control panels with ICS and VOX plus three maintenance jacks, one 
in the cabin and two in the baggage compartment. Also includes pilot overhead standby jack for direct 
connection to #2 corn, dual 45° pedestal mounted ICS foot switches, three David Clark Headsets, one 
six-foot walk-around cord and two 30-foot walk-around cords, Cabin PA/Chime System — dB Systems 
251, and a Passenger Briefing System - PBS 250. 
Backup/Safety Systems: Honeywell MKXXII Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning System, Penny & Giles 
MPFR FDR/CVR, 3" Thales Integrated Electronic Standby Indicator (IESI) provides backup attitude, 
airspeed, altitude, nay cues from NAV 1 or NAV 2, and VHF 2, ELT C406-N HM w/ Satellite Frequency, 
Electric Door Locks — Cabin, Flight Director Decouple Warning System with visual and aural warnings. 
Weather Related Systems: Weather Avoidance Radar - Primus 660, Windshield Washer System, Heated 
Glass Windshields, and Engine Inlet Inertial Particle Separator (IPS) . 
Electrical: 28 Volt Electrical System with two 250 Amp Generators, one 10 KVA, 115VAC AC Generator, 
Pilot and Copilot Avionics Master Switches. 
PART 2 
ADDITIONAL AVIONICS ITEMS 
07125 Delete PBS 250 Passenger Briefing System, From Baseline 
11110 Second GPS Receiver - Thales Topstar 200 
11120 Second Mode S Transponders w/Diversity- TDR 94D 
11130 DME, 2ND - Collins DME Proline 21 DME- 4000 
11150 Digital Moving Map on Thales' Multifunction Displays 
11155 Jeppesen Electronic Terminal and Approach Charting 
30112 Audio Jacks - Emergency (Std/Bose) 
31128 Premium Interior Speakers, Two 
32101 12 VDC Accessory Outlet (Automotive Style) 
34181 Vertical Card Standby Compass 
36143 Lightning Strike Sensor - LSZ 860 
36165 Wx Avoidance Radar - Primus 880 
37130 Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System, KTA 970 — TCAS I 
PAINTS & FINISHES 
50102 VIP Interior Paint Preparation & Finish 
50112 VIP Exterior Paint Preparation & Finish 
INTERIORS 
63100 Deluxe VIP Interior Group, featuring: SilencerlM airframe isolated interior wall panel system, 
high performance airframe mounted secondary acoustic package, Ultraleather or Ultrasuede 
interior panel upholstery, ECS ducting, cockpit/cabin divider bulkhead with left hand and right 
hand sliding windows, leather seat upholstery, general cabin lighting, emergency cabin lighting, 
S-76D Contract No. 76DO7702 Air (ihislainc. Inc. 
Page A-2 of 5 
EFTA00730144
--- PAGE 19 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
reading lights (8) and air outlets (8), cabin door threshold lighting, switch panels to control cabin 
systems. tinted interior cabin windows, decorative plating in cabin, illuminated ordinance signs, 
emergency/informational signage, emergency exit signs. cabin and cockpit carpet with spare. 
wood veneer/leather/decorative metal details. integral magazine racks on cabin doors, storage 
cabinet forward of raised fuel deck, seat maintenance covers, cabin floor runners, molded 
baggage compartment floor liner, Stain Guard Protection. Nut Plates fittings for all Opera 
Windows and Removal of unused tie down fittings. 
70116 Sheepskin Seating - Crew Seats 
70152 Seat Belt Extender 
72163 Flight Manual Storage, LH Controls Closet 
77134 Single Action Door Release, Cabin/Cockpit 
AIRCRAFT ITEMS 
80101 Boarding Step, Retractable - LH 
80102 Boarding Step, Retractable -RH 
80182 Engine Inlet Covers Storage 
80186 Maintenance Covers - Exterior 
80192 Enhanced Door Pins, Cockpit 
83151 Hydraulic Quick Disconnect Relocation 
84151 C4 Environmental System 
85139 Anti-Collision LED Light, Red, Bottom 
85152 Dual Landing Lights — Main Gear 
85162 Recognition Lights - Forward Facing 
85163 Logo Lights 
85170 Pulse Switch for Dual Landing Lights 
85171 Pulse Switch for Recognition Lights 
86116 Pencil Holder 
86117 Console Storage Bin - Small 
86126 Sun Tint - Windshield 
86140 Nose Lateral Force Generator 
86141 Cabin Vertical Force Generator 
86195 Fluid Deflector 
88151 Emergency Flotation System Completion 
88161 Single Pilot Ballast Provisions 
CUSTOMER UNIQUE ITEMS 
90009 Custom upholstery/cushion fabrication 
90010 Customized cabin reading light location. Reallocate one reading light from each group to 
the outboard area of the ceiling, to be centered on outboard passenger seats 
90015 Cabin ICS system with 4 Bose headset jacks, with Call function 
90018 Redesign Forward cabin bulkhead to extend lower than the bottom of the standard narrow 
windows 
90019 Custom Cabin Interior Materials 
90020 Custom Cabin Headset Hooks (Quantity 4) 
90024 Custom Aft-Facing Bench Seat, Three to Four Place, with Shortened Single Center Fold-
Down Padded Arm Rest 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc. Inc. 
EFTA00730145
--- PAGE 20 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
90025 Custom Forward-Facing Bench Seat, Three to Four Place with shortened Single Center 
Fold-Down Padded Arm Rest 
UNQUALIFIED EQUIPMENT 
11112 Thales TopDeck Upgrade for WAAS/LPV* 
90027 XM Weather with Integrated Functionality on Thales TopDeck Displays 
*These items need to be finally confirmed as to Sikorsky's capability to include in the Helicopter 
configuration within the delivery schedule quoted herein. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc, Inc. 
Pagc A-4 ors 
EFTA00730146
--- PAGE 21 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A 
Annex 1 
TBD 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc. Inc. 
Pagc A-5 of 5 
EFTA00730147
--- PAGE 22 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT B 
PUBLICATIONS 
1. 
Publications - With each Helicopter/Custom Helicopter sold and delivered hereunder, 
Sikorsky shall furnish the Customer with certain publications under this paragraph for use 
by the Customer and its contractors in operating and supporting the Helicopter. Sikorsky 
shall provide the Customer with: 
Listing of Technical Publications 
Provided with each Helicopter 
FORMAT 
PUBLICATION 
NO. 
MANUAL 
with 3 - 
YEAR 
REVISION 
SERVICE 
Standard 
Quantity With 
New Aircraft 
Standard 
With New 
Aircraft 
Standard 5-760 
Configuration (No 
Options) 
FAA-Approved Rotorcraft Flight Manual 
Paper 
SA S76D-RFM-000 
Standard 
Copies Each 
Aircraft 
FAA-Approved Rotorcraft Flight Manual 
CD ROM ETM 
(PDF) 
SA 576D-ETM- 
RFM-000 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
Wiring Data Manual 
CD ROM ETM 
(PDF) 
SA 576D-ETM- 
WDM-000 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
Flight Check Procedures Manual 
Paper 
SA S76D-FCP-000 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
Portable Document Format (PDF) on CD 
ROM. 
This CD ROM contains the following 
publications: 
S-76D Maintenance Manual 
S-76D Illustrated Parts Catalog 
S-76D Airworthiness Limitation 
Inspection Requirements. 
CD ROM ETM 
(PDF) 
SAS76D-ETM- 
AMM-000 
tanklard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
S-76D Alert Service Bulletin (ASB) and 
Customer Service Notices (CSN) 
Electronic 
Media 
(Transmitted via 
Email, Winfax, 
and posted to 
Sikorsky 360 
Website) 
Standard 
Standard For Lit,: 
of Aircraft 
Mechanics Pocket Guide 
CD ROM ETM 
(PDF) 
SAS76-ETM-MPG- 
000 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghistainc. Inc. 
Page B-I of 2. 
EFTA00730148
--- PAGE 23 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT B 
Integrated Electronic Technical Manuals 
(IETM) via Sikorsky360 Website. 
This WEB IETM contains the following 
publications: 
S-76D Maintenance Manual 
S-76D IPC 
• 
S-76D Airworthiness Limitation 
Inspection Requirements. 
Sikorsky 360 
Website 
Web IETM 
Standard 
Web Access 
Structural Repair Manual 
CD ROM 
(PDF) 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
HUMS Users Guide 
CD ROM 
(PDF) 
Standard 
I Copy Each 
Aircraft 
Component Maintenance Manuals(CMMS) 
CD ROM 
(PDF) 
ATP 
As Noted 
Year Revision 
Service Standard 
2. 
Completion Services Manuals - Publications for options provided by Keystone 
Helicopter Corporation (KHC) and other Type Certified subcontractors will be available 
from KHC and other subcontractors. 
3. 
Alert Service Bulletins - Alert Service Bulletins shall be issued on matters requiring the 
immediate attention of the Customer and shall be generally limited to items affecting 
safety. 
4. 
Customer Service Notices - Customer Service Notices shall be issued to furnish the 
Customer with information regarding product improvement modifications and part 
changes. 
5. 
Revisions - The Customer shall receive a revision service to the Sikorsky manuals and 
IETMs for a period of three (3) years after the final acceptance of the Completion 
Services. 
Sikorsky will provide two (2) years of revision service for vendor manuals 
(CMMs) on CD ROM. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc. Inc. 
Page B-2 of 2 
EFTA00730149
--- PAGE 24 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT C 
TRAINING 
1. Initial Pilot Training Services — With each Custom Helicopter sold and delivered 
hereunder, Sikorsky shall make available to three (3) Customer pilots an S-76 initial pilot 
training course approximately eleven (11) days in duration, consisting of a Visual Flight 
Rules ("VFR") transition segment and, as required, an Instrument Flight Rules ("IFR") 
transition segment. 
Each of the segments is programmed to provide emphasis on 
helicopter familiarization, classroom instruction on systems operation and instruction in 
both the S-76 Simulator and the S-76 Cockpit Trainer. 
In addition, each Customer pilot will receive five (5.0) hours of flight with an instructor 
pilot. Each Customer pilot that is not a U.S. Citizen must have either: a valid FAA 
Private Pilot Certificate with a Helicopter-Rotorcrafl rating and a valid medical 
certificate; or, register and apply for a security assessment with the TSA Alien Flight 
Student Program, and receive a TSA approval to train, prior to commencement of flight 
training. All flight training shall be conducted on the Custom Helicopter to be delivered 
hereunder, following acceptance by the Customer and transfer of title to the Customer, 
and following acceptance of Completion Services (if applicable) by the Customer. 
2. Initial Maintenance or Electrical Training Services — With each Custom Helicopter 
sold and delivered hereunder, Sikorsky shall make available to three (3) Customer 
mechanics an initial S-76 maintenance training course approximately fifteen (15) days in 
duration or, at Customer's option, an S-76 electrical training course approximately ten 
(10) days in duration. Either course includes inspection and maintenance troubleshooting 
and use of a maintenance trainer. Each mechanic must have background experience in 
one or more of the following categories: (a) certified (by the FAA or by an equivalent 
airworthiness authority) airframe mechanic with one (I) year practical experience as a 
rated aircraft mechanic; (b) one (1) year experience as an active mechanic on a 
commercial or military helicopter; or (c) three (3) years general experience as a 
commercial or military aircraft mechanic. 
3. Engine Training Services — With each Custom Helicopter sold and delivered hereunder, 
Sikorsky shall make available to three (3) Customer mechanics, an engine maintenance 
course at the engine manufacturer's facility. This course is approximately five (5) to 
seven (7) days in duration, dependent on aircraft/engine type. 
4. Health & Usage Monitoring System (HUMS) — With each Custom Helicopter sold and 
delivered hereunder, Sikorsky shall make available to three (3) Customer personnel a 
basic HUMS training course of approximately five (5) days in duration. This course is 
designed in consideration for the range of personnel involved in operation of HUMS, 
which may include line maintenance technicians, certifying staff (including both avionics 
and aircraft/engine disciplines), HUMS diagnostic specialists and information technology 
specialists supporting ground based computer systems. The course is designed for 
persons without prior HUMS experience, and includes training on the 
use and 
administration of HUMS. HUMS Training is a classroom/in-person session lead by a 
Sikorsky instructor. Each class will consist of approximately four to eight students. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghiskine, Inc. 
Page C- I of 3 
EFTA00730150
--- PAGE 25 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT C 
Classes will be conducted at either Sikorsky's Stratford, CT facility or West Palm Beach, 
FL, or another facility designated by Sikorsky with prior notice to Customer. 
5. Scheduling — Within thirty days of Customer's execution of the Agreement, the Customer 
shall provide Sikorsky written notice as to whether Customer's personnel or designees 
shall attend the S-76 pilot training and/or maintenance/electricaUHUMS training courses. 
Sikorsky will, if practical, schedule the ground school portion of the pilot training course 
and the maintenance/electrical/HUMS training course so that completion will be 
accomplished immediately prior to the delivery of the Custom Helicopter to Customer. If 
the Customer elects to have three (3) pilots attend the S-76 pilot training course, all pilots 
must, unless Sikorsky agrees otherwise, attend the course concurrently. Sikorsky shall 
notify the Customer as to the location of the training courses. In any event, the training 
services in Sections (1), (2), (3) and (4) above must be scheduled and completed within 
twelve (12) months of the Custom Helicopter delivery to which such services are 
allocable, in default of which Customer shall no longer be entitled to such services. The 
training services provided in accordance with Sections (I), (2) (3) and (4) above will be 
conducted in the English language. The Customer is responsible for all travel and 
expenses associated with their personnel attending such training sessions. The Customer 
shall provide all documentation, and personal information on the pilots to be trained, and 
cooperation for pilot training as requested by Sikorsky to assure compliance with U. S. A. 
laws and applicable policies and regulations in force at the time of training. 
6. Hold Harmless and Indemnification — In consideration of Sikorsky making training 
services available to the Customer hereunder, the Customer, as the Custom Helicopter 
owner whose employees or designees will be the recipient of such training services, shall 
secure and protect itself and shall indemnify Sikorsky, FlightSafety International, Inc., 
their affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, service representatives, 
and agents, from any liability, claim of liability, expense, cause of action, loss or damage 
whatsoever, whether arising in tort or otherwise, for any injury, including death, to any 
person or property whatsoever (including the Customer's Custom Helicopter), arising out 
of or in conjunction with the performance of such training services. 
7. Insurance Requirements 
— Toward effectuating the security, protection and 
indemnification of Section 6 above, and in addition to Customer's obligations under such 
Section 6, Customer agrees to carry as a minimum on each Custom Helicopter purchased 
under this Agreement the following insurance prior to the commencement of the flight 
training services provided hereunder: 
a. Aircraft Public Liability, Bodily Injury and Property Damage and Passenger 
Legal Liability Insurance, including Contractual Liability Insurance to cover the 
liabilities herein assumed by Customer, with a limit of not less than 
$50,000,000.00 for a single occurrence. 
b. Aircraft Hull All Risk Loss or Damage Insurance covering the Custom Helicopter 
in the amount of the Custom Helicopter Unit Price. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc, Inc. 
Page C-2 of 3 
EFTA00730151
--- PAGE 26 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT C 
i. All of the insurance policies shall be issued by companies satisfactory to 
Sikorsky, shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Sikorsky, shall 
name Sikorsky, FlightSafety International, Inc. and their respective 
affiliates as additional insureds, shall contain a provision prohibiting 
cancellation except upon at least ten (10) days prior written notice to 
Sikorsky and FlightSafety International, Inc., shall contain a complete 
waiver of subrogation by the insurer against Sikorsky, FlightSafety 
International, Inc., and their respective affiliates, and shall be primary and 
non-contributory with respect to any insurance carried by Sikorsky and/or 
FlightSafety International, Inc. Customer shall furnish to Sikorsky either 
certified copies of such policies or certificates evidencing such insurance 
and waiver. Such copies or certificates shall be presented to Sikorsky 
thirty (30) days prior to the scheduled commencement of the flight 
training. 
8. Further Understandings - Sikorsky assumes no liability for any expense of the 
Customer, including those of Customer's personnel, directly or indirectly connected with 
the furnishing of training services provided for herein or for any expenses for the 
operation or maintenance of the Customer's Custom Helicopter. The parties expressly 
understand and agree that the responsibility of Sikorsky in the furnishing of the training 
services described above is limited to the furnishing of such and shall not extend to the 
results thereof. The parties further understand and agree that, in the event Customer 
elects not to take all or any portion of the training services provided for herein, no refund 
or other financial adjustment of the Total Contract Price will be made. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine, Inc. 
Page C-3 of 3 
EFTA00730152
--- PAGE 27 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
WARRANTY 
1. WARRANTY 
Sikorsky warrants to Customer that each new helicopter sold by it, the parts and accessories installed 
thereon (except for the engines and engine accessories that are covered by the engine manufacturer's 
separate warranty, as well as Customer-supplied equipment which includes but is not limited to 
specialized mission equipment), shall be free from defects in material and workmanship, under normal 
use and service for the periods outlined below. Normal use and service shall mean the operation and 
maintenance of the Custom Helicopter, sub-assemblies, and parts in accordance with Supplier's Flight, 
Maintenance, or Overhaul Manuals and Operating Instructions. The New Spare Parts warranty shall 
only apply to those parts purchased and delivered pursuant to this S-76D New Helicopter Sales 
Agreement. 
2. 
DURATION 
CATEGORY 
PERIOD OF COVERAGE 
INCLUDES 
Primary Structural 
Parts 
years after delivery of the Custom 
Helicopter to Customer 
Fuselage, stabilizer, tail pylon, tail 
cone 
Non-Primary Structural 
Parts & Dynamic 
Components Installed on 
Aircraft 
years or 1000 hours of operation after 
delivery of the Custom Helicopter to 
Customer, whichever occurs first 
Non-primary structural components, 
dynamic components, rotor blades, 
accessories, avionics, navigation and 
communication equipment 
New Spare Parts 
I year or 1,000 hours from date of 
shipment from Sikorsky 
New Spare Parts & GSE (ground 
support equipment) if purchased under 
this Agreement 
3. SIKORSKY OBLIGATIONS 
A. REPAIR/REPLACEMENT 
Sikorsky shall be obligated under this warranty to the repair or replacement of the defective item with 
a new, overhauled, or serviceable replacement item during the applicable term of the warranty. The 
decision to repair or replace the defective item is solely at the discretion of Sikorsky. 
B. LABOR 
Sikorsky will cover Labor associated with the direct repair of a warranted item by a Sikorsky 
approved and authorized service (repair, maintenance, and overhaul) and/or parts suppliers. The 
Customer must obtain approval from Sikorsky on a case-by-case basis, prior to any such work being 
performed. Labor associated with troubleshooting, gaining access to, the removing and reinstalling a 
warranted item, or testing of the repaired or replaced item is not covered under this warranty. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine, Inc. 
Page D-I of 6 
EFTA00730153
--- PAGE 28 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
4. CUSTOMER'S OBLIGATIONS 
A. The Customer must notify Sikorsky in writing of any defect occurring within the warranty period, 
within sixty (60) days after its discovery. Such notification will be accomplished by completing a 
Sikorsky RSA (Return to Sikorsky Aircraft, SA Form 7859) and submitting it either via telefax or 
email. 
B. If Sikorsky elects to replace or exchange rather than repair and return the warranted item the 
Customer must return the defective item to Sikorsky or its designated repair facility within 30 
days (domestic) or 60 days (international) of receipt of a replacement/ exchange item, if so 
requested by Sikorsky. Any defective item that is replaced or exchanged by Sikorsky shall 
automatically become the property of Sikorsky. 
C. If requested by Sikorsky, the Customer must furnish Sikorsky with copies of pertinent Custom 
Helicopter operational and maintenance records. Such records may include any and all those 
prepared during the entire warranty period immediately preceding the discovery as well as 
records of any incident, accident, or unusual event encountered by the Custom Helicopter at any 
time prior to the discovery of the defect. 
D. HUMS Data Reporting - Each Custom Helicopter sold and delivered hereunder includes a 
Goodrich Health and Usage Monitoring System (HUMS), composed of (1) on-board equipment 
and (2) one mobile ground station (A/C laptop). For as long as the Custom Helicopter is in 
operation, Customer shall provide Sikorsky with aircraft operational data using HUMS. 
Customer shall download HUMS data from the Custom Helicopter to the HUMS ground station 
and make the data for each day of operation of the Custom Helicopter available to Sikorsky. The 
files produced for each flight shall be electronically transferred to Sikorsky. Customer shall 
create a file transfer protocol (FTP) site (or another acceptable means approved by Sikorsky), 
established in accordance with Sikorsky procedures, from which Sikorsky can transfer HUMS 
data on a daily basis (or as frequently as agreed to by both parties). Sikorsky may access the files 
at anytime, but plans to acquire the files on a nightly basis. 
E. Maintenance Data Reporting: For as long as the Custom Helicopter is in operation, Customer 
shall provide Sikorsky with maintenance data on a daily basis (or as frequently as agreed to by 
both parties), in an electronic format, or in accordance with other acceptable means approved by 
Sikorsky. Such obligation shall continue to a subsequent operator if the Customer sells, transfers, 
leases or otherwise conveys the Custom Helicopter to a third party. Failure to provide the HUMS 
data in the manner described above, or in another manner mutually agreed upon by the parties, 
shall void the warranty of the Custom Helicopter. As part of the maintenance data, Sikorsky 
requires records and documentation for all premature removals, including at a minimum the 
following information, in respect of any such removed parts: 
I. Description 
2. Part Number 
3. Serial Number if applicable 
4. Installation Date 
5. Aircraft hrs at installation 
6. Removal Date 
7. Aircraft hours at removal 
8. Time since New 
9. Time since Overhauled 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislaine, Inc. 
Page D-2 of 6 
EFTA00730154
--- PAGE 29 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
10. Reason for removal / If malfunction — description of how malfunction occurred 
F. Customer expressly acknowledges that Sikorsky's receipt of Customer's HUMS and/or 
Maintenance Data as provided above, does not render Sikorsky responsible for the maintenance 
and/or troubleshooting of the Custom Helicopter in any manner and Customer expressly releases 
Sikorsky from any and all liability in regard to the receipt and analysis of the HUMS data. 
Customer shall indemnify Sikorsky against any claim for liability based on the receipt and 
analysis of HUMS data brought by any subsequent purchaser of the Custom Helicopter. 
Customer shall not rely on and/or expect Sikorsky to analyze the data so as to provide the 
Customer with any advice relating to the maintenance and troubleshooting of the Custom 
Helicopter. 
5. TRANSPORTATION 
Transportation charges relating to approved warranty claims for the return of defective goods to 
Sikorsky, their reshipment to Customer, and the risk of loss thereof, up to and including the average 
cost of Federal Express PI or equivalent, will be borne by Sikorsky if returned in accordance with 
written shipping instructions from Sikorsky. Transportation charges do not include taxes, duties, 
loans, lease charges, exchange fees, warehousing charges, handling charges, or administrative charges 
when charged by a party other than Sikorsky or a Sikorsky subcontractor. 
Any premium 
transportation costs shall be borne by the Customer. 
6. WARRANTY ON REPLACEMENT PARTS 
Parts repaired, replaced, or exchanged (newly manufactured, repaired or overhauled) on a valid 
warranty claim are warranted for the remainder of the original warranty period associated with the 
discrepant part removed. 
A. NO FAULT FOUND 
If Customer returns a part with a defect/failure that cannot be confirmed by either Sikorsky or 
Sikorsky's suppliers and the assessment of the part is evaluated as "No Fault Found", no repair, 
overhaul, or replacement will be provided by Sikorsky and the Customer will be responsible for all 
time and material charges associated with the testing and evaluation of the returned part. 
B. CORE RETURN POLICY 
Customer agrees to return core units within fourteen (14) calendar days for domestic transactions 
(twenty-one (21) calendar days for international transactions), from the date the exchanged unit is 
shipped from Sikorsky's facility (`date shipped'). If the core unit is not received by Sikorsky within 
thirty (30) days from 'date shipped', the exchanged unit shall be considered to be purchased outright 
by Customer and the Customer will be invoiced at list price for CPL items or at current core unit 
value for non-CPL items. 
7. EXCLUSIONS 
This warranty does not apply and Sikorsky shall be relieved of its obligations and liability with 
respect to any claim under the Warranty if such claim results from any of the following: 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc, Inc. 
Page D-3 of 6 
EFTA00730155
--- PAGE 30 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
A. 
Custom Helicopters which are not maintained, operated or repaired in accordance with the 
governing or applicable provisions of Sikorsky's, its subcontractors, the FAA or DOT, as 
applicable, Approved Flight Manual, Maintenance Manual and Service Bulletins, and as each 
thereof may be amended from time to time by Sikorsky, and/or 
B. 
Custom Helicopters which undergo structural modifications, repairs, and/or engine retrofits 
without the express written approval and technical guidance of Sikorsky, and which are 
determined to be the cause or a contributing cause of the defect, and/or 
C. 
Custom Helicopters or parts which have been subject to abuse, misuse, negligence, combat 
damage, incident or accident, and/or 
D. 
Custom Helicopters or parts which have been subject to direct foreign object damage, ingestion 
of foreign material, or any corrosive or erosive agent, and/or 
E. 
Standard consumables and expendable items such as, but not limited to, seals, filters, gaskets, 
tires, hoses, bulbs, switches, batteries, bearings, brake pads and general hardware. 
F. 
Normal wear and tear, including normal wear and tear to exterior paint and interior items such 
as, but not limited to, seats, sidewall and headliner coverings, woodwork, plating and other soft 
trim appearance items, and/or 
G. 
Parts and accessories whose manufacturer's identification tag has been removed or obliterated 
or cannot otherwise be identified as having been installed on the Custom Helicopter at delivery, 
and/or 
H. 
Failures that result from external contamination such as contaminated fuel, oil, hydraulic fluids 
and the like. 
8. DISCLAIMER 
A. TITLE 
Sikorsky warrants to Customer that it will convey good title to the Custom Helicopter and parts 
sold hereunder. Sikorsky's liability and Customer's remedy under this warranty are limited to the 
removal of any title defect or at the election of Sikorsky to the replacement of the Custom 
Helicopter or parts thereof which are defective in title; provided, however, that the right and 
remedies of the parties with respect to patent infringement shall be limited to the provisions of 
Paragraph 8B below. 
B. PATENT INFRINGEMENT 
Sikorsky shall conduct, at its own expense, the entire defense of any claim, suit or action alleging 
that, without further combination, the use or resale by Customer or any subsequent purchaser or 
user of any Custom Helicopter or part delivered hereunder directly infringes any United States 
patent, but only on the conditions that (A) Sikorsky receives prompt written notice of such suit, or 
action and full opportunity and authority to assume the sole defense thereof, including settlement 
and appeals, and all information available to Customer and defendant for such defense; (B) said 
Custom Helicopter or part is made according to a specification or design furnished by Sikorsky 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc, Inc. 
Page D-4 of 6 
EFTA00730156
--- PAGE 31 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
or, if a process patent is involved, the process performed by the Custom Helicopter is 
recommended in writing by Sikorsky; and (C) the suit, or action is brought against Customer or 
one expressly indemnified by Customer. Provided all of the foregoing conditions have been met, 
Sikorsky shall, at its own expense, either settle said suit, or action or shall pay all damages 
excluding consequential damages and costs awarded by the court therein, and, if the use or resale 
of such Custom Helicopter or part is finally enjoined, Sikorsky shall, at Sikorsky's option: 
(i) procure for defendant the right to use or resell the Custom Helicopter or part, (ii) replace them 
with an equivalent non-infringing Custom Helicopter or part, (iii) modify them so they become 
non-infringing but equivalent, or (iv) remove them and refund the purchase price (less a 
reasonable allowance for use, damage, and obsolescence). 
C. If a suit, or action is based on a design or specification furnished by Customer, or on the 
performance of a process not recommended in writing by Sikorsky, or on the use or sale of the 
Custom Helicopter or parts delivered hereunder in combination with other helicopter parts not 
delivered to Customer by Sikorsky, Customer shall indemnify and save Sikorsky harmless 
therefrom. 
D. EXCLUSIVE WARRANTIES & REMEDIES 
THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES ARE EXCLUSIVE AND ARE GIVEN AND 
ACCEPTED IN LIEU OF (i) ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION 
THE 
IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE; AND (ii) ANY OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, RIGHT, CLAIM, OR 
REMEDY IN CONTRACT OR TORT, WHETHER OR NOT ARISING FROM 
SIKORSKY'S OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES' NEGLIGENCE, ACTUAL OR 
IMPUTED, STRICT TORT LIABILITY OR BREACH OF WARRANTY. NEITHER 
SIKORSKY 
NOR 
ANY 
OF 
ITS 
AFFILIATES 
SHALL 
HAVE 
ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS OR 
INJURY TO PERSONS OR PROPERTY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO 
THE CUSTOM HELICOPTER, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO ANY 
DEFECTIVE ITEM HEREUNDER, OR THE INSTALLATION THEREOF. UNDER 
NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL SIKORSKY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, 
HOWEVER CAUSED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF USE, 
LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF PRODUCTION AND/OR LOSS OF REVENUES. NO 
AGREEMENT VARYING OR EXTENDING THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES, 
REMEDIES, OR THIS LIMITATION WILL BE BINDING UPON SIKORSKY OR 
ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES UNLESS IN WRITING, SIGNED BY A DULY 
AUTHORIZED OFFICER OF SIKORSKY OR SUCH AFFILIATES. 
9. GENERAL 
A. This warranty may not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any other party without the 
advance, written consent of Sikorsky. 
5-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc. Inc. 
Page D-5 of 6 
EFTA00730157
--- PAGE 32 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT D 
B. Warranties covering the engines and engine accessories installed on the Custom Helicopter are 
made separately to the Customer by the engine manufacturer. All warranty claims pertaining to 
those items must be made directly to the manufacturer in question, provided that Sikorsky, as a 
matter of accommodation, will process the claim on behalf of the Customer to the appropriate 
manufacturer if so requested. 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc, Inc. 
Page D-6 of 6 
EFTA00730158
--- PAGE 33 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT E PART 1 
CERTIFICATE OF HELICOPTER ACCEPTANCE 
Pursuant to the S-76D New Helicopter Sales Agreement Number 
, between Sikorsky [spell out entity] 
and [Customer] ("Customer") 
 , dated 
("Sikorsky") 
Inspection — Customer hereby acknowledges that it has thoroughly inspected the S-76D 
helicopter Serial No. 
and has found it to be acceptable and in accordance 
with the requirements of the above referenced Agreement; and 
Acceptance — Customer hereby accepts the helicopter described below on the 
day 
of 
201_. Flight hours at time of acceptance is 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, [Customer] has caused this Certificate to be executed this 
day 
of 
[CUSTOMER] 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc, Inc. 
Pagc E- I of 2 
EFTA00730159
--- PAGE 34 ---
S-76D NEW HELICOPTER SALES AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT E PART 2 
CERTIFICATE OF COMPLETION SERVICES ACCEPTANCE 
Pursuant to the S-76D New Helicopter Sales Agreement Number 
, between Sikorsky [spell out entity] 
and [Customer] ("Customer")" 
 , dated 
("Sikorsky") 
Inspection — Customer hereby acknowledges that it has thoroughly inspected Completion 
Services performed on the S-76D helicopter Serial No.  
 and has found 
them to be acceptable and in accordance with the requirements of the above referenced 
Agreement; and 
Acceptance — Customer hereby accepts the Completion Services described below on the 
day of 
201_. Flight hours on the Custom Helicopter at time of 
acceptance of the Completion Services is 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, [Customer] has caused this Certificate to be executed this 
day 
of 
[CUSTOMER] 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
S-76D Contract No. 76DD7702 Air Ghislainc, Inc. 
Pagc E-2 of 2 
EFTA00730160

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730161.pdf
----------------------------------------
MEMORANDUM 
TO: 
JEE 
FROM: 
DKI 
RE: 
ARMY CORPS SUBMISSION 
DATE: 
JUNE 8, 2009 
I provide in this memo background relating to the request by Amy Dempsey 
and Man Smith to include in a submission to Army Corps an undertaking to 
implement certain turtle nesting conservation measures, including a 50-meter 
restricted zone from mean high water at the turtle nesting beach. The zone is 
outlined on the attached photograph of LSJ. 
As we discussed, Amy's, Alan's and Bob deJongh's request to undertake a 
Storm Water Pollution Prevention plan will be eliminated from the submission. 
BACKGROUND 
I. 
In an effort to resolve an outstanding notice of violation issued by Army 
Corps in September 2003, an after-the-fact permit modification application was filed 
with Army Corps requesting after-the-fact approval of the existing dock and pilings 
and the rip rap in its current configuration and approval of a proposed swim dock, 
relocated barge landing, underwater speed bumps for beach enhancement and 
enhancement/mitigation measures relating to the two ponds on the Island. A public 
notice was issued for that application in May 2005. 
II. 
On August 3, 2005, Bill Karr received from Army Corps a letter summarizing 
comments received in response to the public notice. Army Corps received 
comments from US Fish & Wildlife Service and National Marine Fisheries Service on 
June 8, 2005. I have copies of those comments if you wish to review them. Army 
Corps agreed with the comments, requested responses to the same and made 
additional requests for information. 
III. 
In the continuing attempt to resolve this matter over the past several years, 
requests for approval of the swim dock, relocated barge landing, speed bumps, and 
certain aspects of the pond mitigation (e.g., fountains for aeration) were all 
withdrawn from the application. In the interim, Army Corps approval was also 
requested for a concrete landing pad already placed on the existing barge landing 
and the two r/o intake lines already installed under the existing dock 
IV. 
Action on the application started and stalled until September 2008, when 
Jose Rosario visited the island with Amy and John Amerling. However, when Army 
Corps failed to take any action after the visit to the Island, Alan Smith took the lead 
EFTA00730161
--- PAGE 2 ---
on this matter in April 2009. Alan attempted to move Jose Rosario forward, only to 
find out that, as a result of recent restructuring at Army Corps, Mr Rosario was now 
working only on so called current "enforcement issues" related to LSJ, while Jose 
Cedeno was assigned to work on the original after-the-fact permit, resolution of the 
Notice of Violation and related matters. After sending and receiving a series of e-
mails from both Mr. Rosario and Mr. Cedeno, Alan scheduled a meeting on April 27, 
2009 in Puerto Rico to discuss how we could move forward on all issues and resolve 
matters with Army Corps. 
V. 
That meeting was attended by Amy, Bob deJongh, Alan, myself, Jose Rosario 
and Sindulfo Castillo (Mr. Castillo is the supervisor of Messrs. Rosario and Cedeno -
Mr. Cedeno could not be present). ACOE confirmed at the meeting that it had 
received third-party complaints regarding activities on the Island which Army Corps 
believe to have been unauthorized. Mr. Rosario added that, based on his 
observations during his recent visit to the Island, he believes at least some of the 
complaints were warranted. Of particular concern to Army Corps and Mr. Rosario 
were allegations of shoreline alteration, particularly north of the existing dock, 
though Mr. Rosario also noted concerns regarding allegations of unauthorized beach 
enhancement Army Corps also noted concern with observed changes to the 
landscape of LSJ as well as impacts from upland construction activities, and the 
resulting increased potential for erosion and sediment runoff into the waters within 
Army Corps' jurisdiction. Army Corps made it clear to us that in order to resolve 
outstanding issues, the shoreline approaching the point of the Island north of the 
existing dock (in and around the area below the office pavilion construction site) 
would have to be restored to its condition in 2000. Army Corps also told us at the 
meeting that the only way to move forward is to ensure that FWS and NMFS 
concerns/requests in their June 2005 comment letters were either adequately 
addressed or disposed of by the withdrawn aspects of the permit application. To 
the extent that Army Corps' previous requests in its August 3, 2005 letter for 
additional information were still relevant to matters that had not been withdrawn 
from LSJ's permit application, Army Corps required responses to its information 
requests as well. Army Corps requested a submission that summarized the status of 
the various comments and information requests. 
VI. 
Amy has prepared a submission to Army Corps which summarizes the June 8, 
2005 comments from FWS and NMFS, as well as the additional information 
requested from Army Corps on August 3, 2005, and indicates how those comments 
and requests are to be addressed or have been disposed of. A copy of Amy's 
proposed submission is attached for your review. 
VII. 
Among the points raised in Amy's submission is LSJ's undertaking to create 
in the recorded (that is, recorded by FWS) turtle nesting area a 50-meter zone in 
which protective measures are to be implemented for the protection of nesting sea 
turtles and their habitat 
EFTA00730162
--- PAGE 3 ---
VIII. 
In their respective letters of August3, 2005 and June 8, 2005, Army Corps and 
FWS both specified the following turtle nesting conservation measures: 
"1. 
Avoid the removal of vegetation, fence installation, construction activities, 
beach armoring and light installation within 50 meters from high tide. 
2. 
Designate a buffer zone of additional 20 meters to minimize indirect impacts 
from the project and plant sea grapes and native trees within the Zone. 
3. 
Prepare and implement a comprehensive lighting plan to avoid detrimental 
impacts of artificial lighting on sea turtles. The goal of the plan should be that lights 
not be seen directly, indirectly or cumulatively from the beach. Light management 
strategies such as shielding, lowering of lights, locating the lights away from sight 
view of the beach, using an alternative light source such as sow pressure sodium 
vapor, and planting of vegetation barriers are some of the available alternatives to 
reach the plan goal. In already constructed projects, all lights visible from the beach 
should be eliminated or relocated so as not to be visible. Those remaining lights 
shall be modified in order to avoid or minimize the possibility of disorientation. 
4. 
Enhance coastal vegetation with planting of native species (e.g., sea grapes) 
within the maritime zone. Protect coastal vegetation and nesting habitat from 
vehicular traffic in the area. 
IX. 
As I explained to you, I requested that Amy provide me with the legal 
justification for FWS's and Army Corps' 50-meter buffer zone and related 
conservation measures. Amy could provide no legal authority specifying the 
particular measures requested by Army Corps and FWS. All Amy could provide me 
with was a Model Lighting Ordinance for Marine Protection. That Model Ordinance 
was formulated to implement Florida law requiring the Florida Department of 
Environmental Protection to designate coastal sea turtle nesting areas and establish 
guidelines for local government regulations to control coastal lighting to protect sea 
turtle nesting habitats. This Model Ordinance is not law in the Virgin Islands and 
does not even mention the 50-Meter or 20-Meter zone recommendations of FWS. 
Nevertheless, Amy advised me that the 50-meter zone is what FWS/Army Corps 
have asked for on all the other projects on which she has worked where there were 
known nesting beaches (Great Pond, Robin Bay, Diamond Ketura). She further 
advised me that FWS/Army Corps: 
"are not requesting that no construction occur they are asking that no habitable 
structures be build. A habitable structure being one which would have a person in 
residence which would require lights at night, that is what they are trying to 
prevent. Gazebos, decks, roadway (unlit), picnic areas, storage areas, sheds and the 
like can be built. They just don't want buildings which would require lighting at 
night. We can even drop the sentence about not building during turtle nesting 
season since anywhere we could build is upslope or behind the pond and would not 
be accessible by the turtles." 
EFTA00730163
--- PAGE 4 ---
X. Lending support to Amy's view is that in its August 3, 2005 letter, Army Corps 
advised that "FWS expressed strong concerns over the potential direct, indirect and 
cumulative impacts that would bring the construction of marine facilities into the 
endangered sea turtles and its habitat" Army Corp listed the above conservation 
measures verbatim stating that FWS recommended them in an effort to avoid 
"continuous habitat degradation and destruction." Furthermore, Army Corps stated 
that the implementation of the above-mentioned conservation measures would help 
to ameliorate possible direct and cumulative effects the proposed project and 
related amenities would have on the sea turtles nesting habitat. Army Corps also 
cautioned that "if for any reason, subject measures could not be fully implemented; 
the FWS would request initiation of the forma consultation pursuant to the Section 7 
of the Endangered Species Act." 
XI. 
The problem with Section 7 consultation, apart from the additional time and 
documentation that it requires, is that FWS has expressly stated as a firm policy that 
FWS will not engage in Section 7 Consultation with respect to existing unauthorized 
matters in after-the-fact permit requests. Army Corps advised at the meeting that 
under circumstances where FWS has recommended Section 7 consultation, Army 
Corps will not proceed with a permit without that Consultation. Thus, to avoid the 
application of the FWS recommendation for Section 7 consultation, which FWS will 
not do with respect to after-the-fact requests to authorize existing structures, Amy 
believes that Army Corps will require that we develop and implement turtle 
conservation measures consistent with those stated by FWS in the June 8, 2005 
letter and confirmed by Army Corps in its August 3, 2005 letter. 
XII. 
A fair reading of the FWS letter and the Army Corps letter would suggest that 
FWS and Army Corps comments regarding turtle nesting conservation measures 
were primarily directed to the indirect and cumulative impacts of increased upland 
construction. FWS specifically stated that "although the construction of marine 
facilities may not directly affect the sea turtle nesting habitat, the construction of 
barge landing facilities allows for additional future development of the island. We 
believe that the upland development would adversely affect sea turtles nesting 
habitat in the island." 
XIII. 
However, inasmuch as we are no longer requesting relocation of the barge 
landing, or approval of the speed bumps, with which, as FWS stated in its letter, FWS 
was primarily concerned, there is no reason to obtain FWS's consent to those 
measures. Consequently, we can argue that FWS's recommendations regarding 
turtle nesting need not be incorporated by Army Corps to avoid application of 
Section 7 Consultation. To the extent that we are requesting approval of the 
concrete landing pad that has already been installed, I note that the pad was 
installed to enable the barge to land and cut off its motors, thereby limiting prop 
scour. This is precisely what FWS recommended when it stated in its June 8 letter 
"we recommend that the barge landing not be relocated and that the existing barge 
landing be modified, possibly through the installation of bollards [also installed at 
EFTA00730164
--- PAGE 5 ---
the site in connection with the concrete pad] or breasting/mooring piles at the site 
to allow safe docking without a lot of prop wash." Because we implemented the 
very recommendations made by FWS, arguably, there is no need for further consent 
regarding the concrete pad and therefore there is no need to implement the 
conservation measures to avoid Section 7 Consultation. 
XIV. 
Amy's and Alan's contention, however, is that FINS recommended those 
measures in the context of a letter, not only disapproving of a relocated barge 
landing, but also recommending alteration of the existing barge landing. Moreover, 
the purpose of stabilizing the existing barge landing was to facilitate upland 
construction, which upland construction, as FWS expressly stated in its letter, is the 
primary concern that the turtle nesting conservation measures were meant to 
address. As Army Corps must still approve the concrete landing pad, the consensus 
among Alan, Amy and Bob deJongh is that Army Corps will insist that the 
recommended measures be implemented. If we don't voluntarily undertake such 
measures, the concern is that we will not be appearing to be acting in good faith to 
resolve our outstanding issues with Army Corps. 
XV. 
Therefore, consistent with the foregoing measures "recommended" by FWS 
and confirmed by Army Corps, Amy has proposed including the following in our 
submittal to Army Corps: 
1. LSJ will maintain a 50-meter setback from MHW [Mean High Water] along 
the turtle nesting beach, as shown in the attached Exhibit 1. [JEE - note that I 
have attached to this e-mail a photograph showing the set back area which 
Amy proposes as Exhibit 1.] No building or structure erected within the 
setback will be used or occupied as a dwelling or sleeping unit for permanent 
occupancy. All lighting in any non-dwelling building erected or maintained 
within the setback will have turtle friendly lighting or be retrofitted with 
such lighting. 
There are some existing structures within this area and some existing lighting. The 
lighting will be modified to make them more turtle friendly. 
2. A buffer of suitable coastal vegetation, i.e. seagrapes (Cocoloba uvifera) will 
be re-established along the turtle nesting beach. 
3. A comprehensive turtle lighting plan will be developed for the island, and 
once implemented a lighting inspection will be conducted to correct any 
problematic lights. [JEE- Please note that in the Army Corps letter, Army 
Corps expressly stated that "Once fully implemented a lighting inspection 
should be conducted to identify and correct remaining problematic lights."] 
The applicant will conduct a survey of the existing island lighting and will make all 
necessary lighting changes to make the beach area more conducive for turtle nesting. 
A combination of lighting changes and vegetation will be utilized to prevent stray light 
EFTA00730165
--- PAGE 6 ---
from reaching the beach. It should be noted that due to security issues surrounding 
the applicant and many of his guests, high levels of security must be maintained, which 
of course requires light in various areas of the island. 
4. LSJ will restrict driving of vehicles along the turtle nesting beach, except in 
case of emergency or for necessary maintenance and no vehicles shall be 
allowed to travel on the turtle beach during turtle nesting season until the 
beach has been inspected and all turtle nests have been conspicuously 
marked and a buffer zone around the nest(s) has established and marked 
out. 
XVI. 
Amy's proposed language is moderately less stringent than the measures 
actually recommended by Army Corps. In Amy's proposal, LSJ does not undertake 
to avoid all construction activities, including fence and light installation, as stated in 
the recommended measures. Nor does LSJ agree to an additional 20 meter buffer 
zone; LSJ only proposes that a "buffer of suitable coastal vegetation, i.e. seagrapes 
(Cocoloba uvifera) will be re-established along the turtle nesting beach." 
Please let me know whether you wish to include the Turtle Nesting 
conservation measures in the submission to Army Corps. 
***Attachments: 
Proposed Army Corps Submission 
Map Showing 50-Meter Zone. 
EFTA00730166

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730167.pdf
----------------------------------------
L.S.J., LLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER 
SUITE B-3 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
July 2, 2009 
Midnight Express Power Boats, Inc. 
Attention: Harris Glaser, Vice President 
4720 NW 15th Avenue, Unit C 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309 
Dear Mr. Glaser: 
This letter is written in connection with the Purchase and Sale Agreement (the 
"Purchase and Sale Agreement") by and between L.S.J., LLC ("LSJ") and Midnight 
Express Power Boats, Inc. ("Midnight Express") providing for the manufacture and 
delivery by Midnight Express to LSJ, and the purchase by LSJ, of a new 2010 
Midnight Express 39' Cuddy Cabin vessel (the "Vessel"). 
Under the provisions of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, Midnight Express is 
required to tender the Vessel for delivery to LSJ in accordance with the provisions of 
the Purchase and Sale Agreement by the Anticipated Delivery Date or the New 
Anticipated Delivery Date, if any, whichever is later (the "Tender Date"). 
This will confirm that as a commercial incentive for LSJ to purchase the Vessel as 
provided in the Purchase and Sale Agreement, Midnight Express has agreed to 
provide Mr. Epstein a credit, to be applied against future purchases by LSJ from 
Midnight Express of parts, materials, equipment and repairs, in the amount of (1) 
$1,000, if Midnight Express fails to tender the Vessel for delivery as provided in the 
Purchase and Sale Agreement within 30 days after the Tender Date, plus (2) $1,000 
for each consecutive seven day period thereafter that Midnight Express's failure to 
so tender the Vessel continues. Epstein and LSJ understand and agree that no credit 
shall be due to LSJ with respect to any period of late tender of delivery attributable 
to causes as to which Seller is not responsible under Section 3 of the Purchase and 
Sale Agreement. 
EFTA00730167
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please confirm Midnight Express's agreement to the credit described above by 
signing your name in the space provided below. 
Sincerely, 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Member 
AGREED TO BY: 
MIDNIGHT EXPRESS POWER BOATS, INC. 
By: 
Harris Glaser 
Vice President 
Dated: 
EFTA00730168

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730169.pdf
----------------------------------------
Watcher Help for Mac OS X 
Mac 
Rev 1.7 Oct 08 
Watcher® allows you to manage and monitor the connection between 
your AirCard®or Compassm modem and the network by: 
Determining signal strength, warning status, 3G high-
speed data availability, and other network connection 
parameters. 
Initiating and ending data calls. 
System requirements 
Watcher requires a computer running Mac OS® X 10.4.11 or 
later. 
Installing Watcher 
For TRU-InstallTmequipped modems 
If your modern is equipped with TRU-Instae — a Sierra 
Wireless feature that places all the required software on the 
modem, eliminating the need for an installation CD: 
1. Insert the SIM card in your modem if it is not already 
inserted. 
2. Insert the modern into your Mac. 
3. Run the Installer. 
4. Follow the instructions. 
The modem is ready to use once the software is successfully 
installed and Mac OS has restarted. 
On subsequent insertions of the modem, TRU-Install verifies 
that the correct software is already installed. If it is, then the 
modem is ready to use. This process takes a few seconds. 
EFTA00730169
--- PAGE 2 ---
For all other modems or if you do not see 
the TRU-Install window 
1. Go to the Sierra Wireless website Support section: 
2. Select your carrier, your product, and Mac OS X. 
3. Follow the on-screen instructions to download and install 
the software. 
You can also download the latest copy of this Quick Start 
Guide from the support website. 
Launching and closing Watcher 
To launch Watcher: 
• 
Click the Watcher icon * in the Dock. 
lb close Watcher: 
Use the Application Switcher (Command S  + Tab) to choose 
Watcher, and type Command + O or choose Quit in the 
Application Menu. 
Close button 
Minimize button 
Call Status area 
Figure 1: Watcher main window 
(  
Connect 
) 
2130853 
EFTA00730170
--- PAGE 3 ---
Watcher for Mac Help 
Window controls 
• 
The Minimize button minimizes the Watcher window to an 
icon in the Dock and leaves the application running. 
To maximize the Watcher window, select the Watcher 
window icon in the Dock. 
• 
The Close button closes the Watcher window but leaves the 
application running. When the Watcher window is closed, 
you have no way to access any status information unless 
you re-open the window by selecting the Watcher icon in 
the Dock. However, you can still use the connection until 
you quit the application or disconnect using the 
Application Menu. 
Interpreting status area icons 
Icon 
Meaning 
101 
The modem is not detected. 
3G 
Type of network: 
• 
3G—The indicator is on (black) 
• 
2G—The indicator is off (gray) 
all 
sal 
The Signal Strength Indicator shows the Intensity of 
the radio signal. The more bars, the stronger the 
signal (up to a maximum of four bars). 
When the bars are off (gray), no connection is 
possible for one of the following reasons: 
• 
You are outside the network coverage area. 
• 
The signal strength is too weak. 
• 
A network or account problem is preventing the 
modem from obtaining service. 
Rev 1.7 Oct 08 
EFTA00730171
--- PAGE 4 ---
Figure 2: Selecting Preferences in Watcher 
Icon 
R 
Meaning (Continued) 
The Roaming Status indicator shows whether you are 
roaming on the network of a service provider other 
than your own. 
When the indicator is off (gray), you are within the 
local coverage area of your service provider. When 
the indicator is on (black), you are in a "preferred-
roaming area. 
Your coverage area varies depending upon your 
service provider and the type of account you have. 
There may be varying surcharges for roaming service 
depending on whether you are in a preferred or non-
preferred roaming area. If there is no roaming 
agreement between your service and the local carrier. 
you may be unable to complete calls. 
Selecting the active network 
You can specify how a network is chosen by selecting 
SierraWatctiet > Preferences > Network and then selecting one of 
the available options. 
SierraWatcher 
File 
Edlt Window Help 
About SierraWatcher 
Preferences... 
Services 
► 
Hide SierraWatcher 
XH 
Hide Others 
X NH 
Cnr-rw A'r 
Quit SierraWatcher 
XQ 
However, your service provider may not permit manual 
network selection. If it is restricted, the Network button in the 
Preferences pane will be grayed out. 
1• 
• 0 (7) 
General Profiles Network 
Figure 3: Manual network selection is not permitted 
2130853 
EFTA00730172
--- PAGE 5 ---
Watcher for Mac Help 
Selecting the network automatically 
Select this option in the SierraWatcher > Preferences> Network 
pane to have the modern automatically select the best available 
network. 
Select network automatically 
KU 
Select network from the list of defined networks 
XD 
 Select network from the list of available networks 
X B 
Figure 4: Available network selection preferences 
Selecting the network from the list of 
defined networks 
Select this option in the SierraWatcher > Preferences> Network 
pane to choose the network from a list of carriers pre-loaded 
on to Watcher. 
You can filter the list by country: 
en A 
Prekrences 
(9 t e o 
COW IJ Proein, Nano* Slielocoritv 
Select network from the hit of defined networks 
maw. 
g
Moths 
FI
ANIOnO 
ICI
Angualla 
, 
Argent") 
e
trenteua 
MIM• ,,,,, oso 
I 
tv country or network 
Figure 5: Filtering the defined list by country 
Rev 1.7 Oct 08 
EFTA00730173
--- PAGE 6 ---
I 
and by carrier: 
Note: It may take Watcher 
several minutes to find available 
networks. 
nee 
‘O.) @I' 0 
nom.. mown us SOCuittf
Preferences 
Street netwoa from the Int a defined networks 
 'clt- tat 
SIITanson. Prtralte a...
Able Carrier I 
Able Carrier 2 
Able Carver 3 
Able Carrier 4 
Able Carrier 5 
12MMEZIE
CI 
Able Carrier 7 
2G network 
3G network 
ke'revi 
Figure 6: Filtering the list by country and carder 
Selecting the network from the list of 
available networks 
Select this option in the SlerraWatcher > Preferences > Network 
pane to have Watcher scan for available networks in your area. 
1. Select Refresh to begin the network scan. 
2. When the scan is complete, select a carrier and the network 
you want to connect to. 
Es r) 
t.vd3 
A 
Gene... non*, Mewed& 51115.0ot, 
Preferences 
Select network from the lest of avenstk networks 
Q- by country or network 
2G network 
3G network 
Figure 7: Choosing a carrier from a list of available networks 
When the network selection successfully completes, you will 
see the change in the main window. 
2130853 
EFTA00730174
--- PAGE 7 ---
Watcher for Mac Help 
Figure 8: Watcher main window 
Automatically manage 
connection profiles 
Select this option in Preferences > General to automatically 
generate the best settings for your Subscriber Identity Module 
(SIM) card/subscription model. 
0 ' 
Preferences 
General Nobles 
•, 
Notify Me 
g when closing application 
When I quit application! 
close existing connection 
g Automatically manage connection profiles 
Figure 9: Setting Watcher to automatically manage connection profiles 
The settings are saved under a profile named "[Your service 
provider's name] Auto". 
lb display all available profiles, select the Profiles button in the 
Preferences pane. 
Rev 1.7 Oct 08 
EFTA00730175
--- PAGE 8 ---
one 
Pavan
(2) 
awe Irate 
Pak tta 
dAbleOmer Ati,cs 
C 
Able Carnet &co Modified 
C 
µt Prato a 
amines 
Alcoa 
Patron) 
AW 
des 
Pr. %an. Da 
Second." en% 
Vu. 
1.1.1
Figure 10: Displaying all available connection profiles 
You can create a new profile with your own settings by 
selecting the + at the bottom-left corner of the pane. 
rt e 
Panda. 
a 
(A 
Cars 
Sluk, •••• 
ata hat 
hat 
Nate Grew Moble 
affebitit 
/Ole Carnet Atom 
ft
PasCari
soneql 
APh 
kin 
EIS 
Praia 014 
&None.," 0.6 
Figure 11: Creating a new profile 
SIM security 
0004 
0000 
A 
The SIM Security button allows you to select whether or not the 
SIM card queries the user for the Personal Identification 
Number (PIN). 
'e en 
Preferences 
CJ r
e —0-
General Plats 
'Ulan 
SIN Security 
g Enable check PIN 
Change PIN 
Figure 12: Setting the SIM card query option 
2130853 
EFTA00730176
--- PAGE 9 ---
Watcher for Mac Help 
Warning: If you fail to 
enter the correct PIN 
number within the desig-
nated number of attempts, 
your SIM card will be 
disabled and become 
unusable. If that happens, 
contact your service 
provider. 
Contact 
Information 
Rev 1.7 Oct 08 
To change this option, you must know the correct PIN number. 
coo 
General 
Preferences 
Please enter your PIN number 
PIN Number: 
Cancel ) 
Figure 13: Entering your PIN number 
Support 
If you encounter any problems not covered in this document: 
• 
Visit the Sierra Wireless support site at 
where you can: 
• Download Watcher software. 
• Search an extensive knowledge base for a solution to 
address the problem. 
• 
Email Sierra Wireless technical support at 
Sales Desk: 
Phone: 
Hours: 
E-mail: 
8:00 
. to 5:00 IM. Pacific 
Post: Sierra Wireless 
13811 Wireless Way 
Richmond, BC 
Canada 
V6V 3A4 
Fax: 
Web: 
Consult our website for up-to-date product descriptions, 
documentation, application notes, firmware upgrades, trouble-
shooting tips, and press releases: 
EFTA00730177
--- PAGE 10 ---
Watcher for Mac Help 
SIERRA WIRELESS 
AAAAA 
OP rote wt cccccc mAentwre 
C) 2008 Sierra Wireless. All rights reserved. 
AirCard® and Heart of the Wireless Machine® are registered trademarks of Sierra 
Wireless. Watcher® is a trademark of Sierra Wireless, registered in the European 
Community. 
Sierra Wireless, the Sierra Wireless logo, the red wave design, the red-tipped antenna, 
and TRU-Install are trademarks of Sierra Wireless. 
Mac OS® is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries. 
Other trademarks are the property of the respective owners. 
2130853 
EFTA00730178

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730179.pdf
----------------------------------------
>> Watcher Lite Quick Start Guide 
• Installing Watcher Lite 
• Starting and closing 
Watcher Lite 
• Window controls 
• Interpreting icons 
• Call Status Area 
• Support 
• Using an external 
antenna 
Rev 1.0 May 07 
Watcher® Lite is supported on AirCard 875, AirCard 875U, 
and AirCard 860 modems installed on a Macintosh® computer 
with MAC OS 10.4.x. 
Watcher Lite allows you to manage and monitor the 
connection between the AirCard modem and the network. You 
can use Watcher Lite to: 
• 
Determine signal strength, roaming status, 3G high-speed 
data availability, and other network connection parameters 
• 
Initiate and close data calls 
Installing Watcher Lite 
You can download Watcher Lite software and the latest copy of 
this Quick Start Guide from the Sierra Wireless website: 
www.sierrawireless.com. To install Watcher Lite, follow the 
instructions on the web site. 
Starting and closing Watcher 
Lite 
To launch Watcher Lite: 
• 
Double-click the Watcher Lite icon IP in the Dock. 
• 
Use the Application Switcher (Command S  + Tab) to choose 
Watcher Lite, and type Command + Q or choose Quit in the 
Application Menu. 
EFTA00730179
--- PAGE 2 ---
WatcherLite Quick Guide 
The Watcher Lite main window opens. 
Close button 
Minimize button 
Status area 
Call Status area 
Sierra Wireless Watcher 
sill 
Able Carrier 
Figure 1: Watcher Lila main window 
Window controls 
• 
The Minimize button minimizes the Watcher Lite window to an 
icon in the Dock, and leaves the application running. 
To maximize the Watcher Lite window, select the Watcher Lite 
window icon in the Dock. 
• 
The Close button closes the Watcher Lite window but leaves the 
application running. When the Watcher Lite window is closed, 
you have no way to access any status information, but you can 
still use the connection until you quit the application or 
disconnect using the Application Menu. 
Interpreting icons 
The following table describes the Watcher Lite icons that 
appear in the status area. 
Icon 
Meaning 
ill
AirCard modem not detected 
3G 
Type of network: 
• 
3G—The indicator is on (black) 
• 
2G—The indicator is off (gray) 
2130853 
EFTA00730180
--- PAGE 3 ---
Icon 
Meaning 
sill 
The Signal Strength indicator shows the intensity of 
the radio signal. The more bars, the stronger the 
signal, up to a maximum of four bars. 
When the bars are off (gray) no connection is possible 
for one of the following reasons: 
• 
You are outside the network coverage area 
• 
The signal strength is too weak 
• 
A network or account problem is preventing the 
AirCard modem from obtaining service 
R 
The Roaming Status indicator shows whether you are 
roaming onto the network of a service provider other 
than your own. 
When the indicator is off (gray), you are within the 
local coverage area of your service provider. When 
the indicator is on (black), you are in a "preferred" 
roaming area. 
Your coverage area and account varies depend upon 
your service provider and the type of account you 
have. There may be surcharges for roaming service 
that vary depending on whether you are in a preferred 
or non-preferred roaming area. If there is no roaming 
agreement between your service and the local carrier, 
you may be unable to complete calls. 
Call Status Area 
The Call Status area displays one of the following messages 
related to the status or progress of a connection: 
• 
Not connected 
• 
Connecting 
• 
Connected 
• 
Disconnecting 
Support 
If you encounter any problems not covered in this document: 
• 
Visit the Sierra Wireless support site at 
where you can: 
• Search an extensive knowledge base for a solution to address 
the problem 
• Use the Installation Troubleshooting wizard to diagnose 
the problem 
Rev 1.0 May 07 
EFTA00730181
--- PAGE 4 ---
WatcherLite Quick Guide 
• Email Sierra Wireless technical support at 
Using an external antenna 
You can improve the signal strength, by attaching an external 
antenna (sold separately). 
If you need help with attaching and using an external antenna, 
refer to the AirCard modem documentation, or ask your 
dealer. 
Contact 
Information 
Sales Desk: 
Phone: 
Hours: 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Pacific Time 
E-mail: 
Post Sierra Wireless 
13811 Wireless Way 
Richmond, BC 
Canada 
V6V 3A4 
Fax: 
Web: www.sierrawireless.com 
Consult our website for up-to-date product descriptions, 
documentation, application notes, firmware upgrades, trouble-
shooting tips, and press releases: 
www.sierrawireless.com 
SIERRA WIRELESS 
AAAAA Of rile 
wr EEEEEE MICNINL$ 
2007 Sierra Wireless. All rights reserved. 
AirCard® and Heart of the Wireless Machine® are registered trademarks of Sierra 
Wireless. Watcher® is a trademark of Sierra Wireless, registered in the European 
Community. 
Sierra Wireless, the Sierra Wireless logo, the red wave design, and the red-tipped 
antenna are trademarks of Sierra Wireless. 
Macintosh® is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries. 
Other trademarks are the property of the respective owners. 
2130853 
EFTA00730182

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730183.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
Illw--
aENAI0•--
SILVERSTONE 
Team Credentials 
MOW 
EFTA00730183
--- PAGE 2 ---
_ 
bi 
crE NAL) " 
SILVERSTGI. 
Guggenheim Partners LLC 
EFTA00730184
--- PAGE 3 ---
sussEnHEirni 
CONFIDENTIAL 
This material is intended to inform you of the services offered by Guggenheim Partners Asset Management, LLC ("GPAM") and Guggenheim Investment Management, LLC 
("GUM"), (collectively "Guggenheim"). GRAM and GIM are indirect subsidiaries of Guggenheim Partners, LLC (collectively, with all other affiliates. "Guggenheim Partners"). 
EFTA00730185
--- PAGE 4 ---
• 
The Guggenheim name represents a proud and distinguished tradition of 
success in business, investment, philanthropy, science, and education. Since 1881 
the Guggenheim Family has been driven by a commitment to integrity and a 
passion for innovation. Its guiding philosophy is to engage highly talented 
people, challenge them to think creatively, and empower them to achieve the 
extraordinary. 
• 
Guggenheim Partners, LLC evolved as an outgrowth of Guggenheim Brothers: 
the Guggenheim family business, with the goal of building a private investment 
firm that treats its clients as partners. Guggenheim Partners believes we are 
uniquely positioned and organized to work with institutional investors, their staff 
and consultants to develop strategies that will meet their investment needs. 
• Today, Guggenheim Partners, is a global financial services 
firm with $100 billion in assets under supervision and more 
than 1,000 employees. 
• Global offices in over 20 cities including New York, 
Chicago, Los Angeles, London, Dubai, Hong Kong, 
Geneva, Mumbai, Singapore and Dublin. 
GUGGErIMEIT® 
EFTA00730186
--- PAGE 5 ---
Guggenheim Investments - Growth of Assets T T 
• As of Q2 2010, we managed approximately $76 billion* in assets and employed approximately 450 professionals 
• We believe that our focus on client service combined with our ability to generate consistent returns enabled us 
to grow assets during the challenging markets of 2008 and 2009 
S7O.O - 
$6O.O - 
$5O.O - 
S4O.O - 
S3O.O - 
S2O.O - 
S1O.O - 
$O.O  
$1.8 
$11.9 
• Claymore Group 
MI Alternative Assets 
• Corporate Credit Group (GIM) 
■ Diversified Fixed Income Group (GPAM) 
$17.3 
$20.8 
$23.0 
$25.5 
$30.0 
$11.8 
$10.3 
$9.9 
$7.8 
$7.8 
$7.6 
$8.7 
$8.3 
$8.0 
[ 
$8.2 
$42.9 
$44.8 
$47.9 
$33.7 
2OO2 
2OO3 
2OO4 
2005 
2OO6 
2OO7 
2OO8 
2OO9 
O1 2O1O 
O2 2O1O 
'The O2 2010 total asset figure of S76 billion is an estimate. The S7.8 billion in alternative assets is as of 3/31/09. Alternative assets include real estate. structured real estate, aviation. 
GS GAMMA, Venture Partners, India Opportunity Fund. and Alternative Advisors (GRAM). GPAM incorporates S4.2 bn of securities on loan as of 6/30/2010. AUM from 2002 to 2009 
does not reflect all Guggenheim Partners' investment management business units. AUM prior to 2010 may not fully reflect overlap of inter-company managed assets. 
G USG Er -1E IM 
EFTA00730187
--- PAGE 6 ---
Guggenheim Investments 
Featured Products and Strategies 
Fixed Income 
Equity 
Corporate Credit 
Structured Products 
Municipals 
Enhanced Equity 
Investment Grade 
Predominantly invest in high 
yield bonds with shorter 
durations and higher yields 
than the broader high yield 
market 
High Yield 
Invest in middle market high 
yield bonds and bank loans, 
one year track record 
Bank Loans 
Invest primarily in high yield 
corporate bank loans that 
have an average credit rating 
of B 
Opportunistic Credit 
Invest opportunistically, on 
a deep value basis, in high 
yield and investment grade 
bonds and bank loans 
Opportunistic 
Structured Products 
Invest in a variety of 
structured fixed income 
securities, including ABS, 
CisilBS and RIBS and seeks 
value oriented investments 
with low valuation and high 
absolute return 
Asset-Backed 
Securities 
Invest in a wide variety of 
non-mortgage ABS 
including CBO, CLO, 
commercial and consumer 
Mortgage-Backed 
Securities 
Invest in broadly diversified 
portfolio of traditional 
CMBS/RNIBS pooled 
issues, single borrower 
issues and non-traditional 
CisaS/RNIBS, including 
cell towers, timber, credit 
tenant and military housing 
Municipals 
Will invest opportunistically 
in Build America Bonds 
(BABs), Qualified School 
Construction Bonds 
(QSCBs) and other issues. 
Expected to launch during 
the second quarter of 2010 
Enhanced Equity 
Call 
Seek superior risk-adjusted 
returns by taking long 
exposure to the 
500 
Index, through index or 
single name securities, and 
overwriting the underlying 
position by selling at-the-
money call options 
I 
Structuring and 
Product Development 
Develop structured capital and 
strategic funding alternatives 
incorporating different types of 
financial products to increase 
transactional economics and 
return on capital 
Brand and Consumer 
Identify opportunities within 
the portfolio of companies to 
increase equity through the 
development of Intellectual 
Property, Consumer and 
Retail Strategies and Supply 
Chain Enhancements 
GUGGEMIEIM®
EFTA00730188
--- PAGE 7 ---
Portfolio Management 
Patrick Mitchell' 
Mike Curcio' 
Industry Underwriting 
Investment Professionals 
Jeff Abrams 
Jeff Carefoot 
Michael Damaso 
Kevin Gundersen 
James Pass 
Zach Warren 
Senior Credit Analysts 
Matt Bloom 
Todd Gilbert 
Tom Hauser 
Tucker Kain 
Dena Lacey 
Erich Schram 
Specialized Research 
Adrian Duffy — European2
Tim Murray — Energy Direct 
Managing Partner 
President/COO3 
Managing Partner, CIO 
Todd Boehly 
Don Cacciapaglia 
B. Scott Minerd' 
INVESTMENTS 
Michael Damaso, Head of Trading 
Gina Hubbell. Structuring and Product Development 
Richard Lindquist, High Yield Portfolio Manager 
Dottie Mattison, Brand and Consumer 
Tony Minella, Head of Credit Research 
STRUCTURED PRODUCTS 
Eric Silvergold', Head of CMBS / RMBS Group 
Mike Yampel, Portfolio Manager/Trader 
Bill Bennett, CRE Debt Origination 
Tad Nygren, Agency CMBS 
Matt Lindland, Hcad of ABS Group 
MUNICIPALS 
James Pass, Head of Muni Group 
ENHANCED EQUITY 
a son Flowers Head of ..uities 
Itdso member of Portfolio Construction Group 
'Employee of Guggenheim Partners Europe, Ltd., an affiliate of Guggenheim Investment Manager 
President and COO of Guggenheim Partners Investment management businesses 
Assistant CIO 
Anne B. Walsh' 
Portfolio Construction Group 
B. Scott Mined 
Michael Curcio 
Patrick Mitchell 
Eric Silvergold 
Anne B. Walsh 
Risk Management 
Kcrim Engin' 
Enhanced Equity Group 
Jamal Pesaran 
Samir Sanghani 
Qi Yan 
Legal 
Bill Hagner 
Duncan Bagshaw 
Josh Blosenki 
Benjamin Goodman 
Oliver Iselin 
Wickliffe Lyne, Jr. 
John Mulreaney 
Julio Quintero 
GUGGEMHEiMIgI 
EFTA00730189
--- PAGE 8 ---
Biographies 
GUGGEr1HEIMe
EFTA00730190
--- PAGE 9 ---
Todd L. Boehly — Managing Partner of the Office of the Chief Executive, Guggenheim Partners, LLC 
Mr. Boehly joined Guggenheim in 2001 in order to manage and build the firm's leveraged credit investing activities. Since joininly, Guggenheim, Mr. Boehly has grown 
the leveraged credit assets under management from approximately $3 billion to its current level of approximately $14 billion. In addition, Mr. Boehly spearheaded the 
firm's initiative into the middle market direct lending arena where Guggenheim has originated more than $7.0 billion of proprietary investment opportunities. Mr. 
Boehly currendy is chairman of the firm's Credit Committee and is a member of both the firm's Management Committee and the Merchant Banking Investment 
Committee. Prior to joining Guggenheim, Mr. Boehly was a Vice President at Whitney & Co. where he had experience in both private equity and private mezzanine 
as well as leveraged credit investing. Mr. Boehly's primary focus was developing the firm's leveraged loan investing program and he was responsible for the firm's 
Special Situation portfolio. In addition, Mr. Boehly co-founded Shelter Rock Capital Corporation, which was established by Whitney for its CDO restructuring and 
takeover activities. Prior to Whitney, Mr. Boehly worked in the Leveraged Finance Group at Credit Suisse First Boston. Mr. Boehly received his BBA from the 
College of William 8c Mary and spent a year abroad at the London School of Economics. 
Donald C. Cacciapaglia — President and Chief Operating Officer of the investment management businesses of Guggenheim Partners 
Mr. Cacciapaglia is the President and Chief Operating Officer of Guggenheim Partners investment management business. He is also the Chairman of Channel 
Capital Group, a Guggenheim affiliated company. From 1996 until 2002 when he joined Channel Capital Group, Mr. Cacciapaglia held the position of Managing 
Director and Chief Operating Officer of the Investment Banking Group at PaineWebber. Additionally, in 1998, he started PaineWebber's Private Equity Group and 
assumed responsibility for the coverage of Leveraged Buyout firms and the Investment Bank's Business Development Group. Before that, Mr. Cacciapaglia was 
Chief Operating Officer of the Short and Intermediate Trading Group at CS First Boston (1995-1996). From 1977 to 1995, he held numerous positions at Merrill 
Lynch & Co., including Chief Operating Officer and Senior Managing Director of Investment Banking, Senior Managing Director of Global Fixed Income Research 
and Analytics and Managing Director of the Western Institutional Region for sales and trading in San Francisco. Mr. Cacciapaglia was a Senior Analyst with the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York from 1973-1977. 
B. Scott Minerd — Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer 
Mr. Minerd joined Guggenheim Partners in 1998. Mr. Mined is Chief Investment Officer of GPAM and its affiliate, Guggenheim Investment Management, LLC 
("GIM"), and a Managing Partner of Guggenheim Partners. Mr. Minerd guides the investment strategies of the sector portfolio managers. He was formerly a 
Managing Director with Credit Suisse First Boston in charge of trading and risk management for the Fixed Income Credit Trading Group. In this position, he was 
responsible for the corporate bond, preferred stock, money markets, U.S. government agency and sovereign debt, derivatives securities, structured debt and interest 
rate swaps trading business units. Previously, Mr. Minerd was Morgan Stanley's London based European Capital Markets Products Trading and Risk Manager 
responsible for I '.urobonds, Euro-MTNs, domestic European Bonds, FRNs, derivative securities and money market products in 12 European currencies and Asian 
markets. Mr. NI inerd has also held capital markets positions with Merrill Lynch and Continental Bank. Prior to that, he was a Certified Public Accountant and worked 
for the public accounting firm of Price Waterhouse. Mr. Minerd holds a B.S. degree in Economics from the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 
Philadelphia, and has completed graduate work at the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business and the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Mined is a regular featured guest on FOX Business News, Bloomberg Television, and CNBC sharing his insight on today's financial climate. 
GUGGErIHEIT®
EFTA00730191
--- PAGE 10 ---
Biographies (continued) 
Anne Walsh, JD, CFA — Assistant Chief Investment Officer and Senior Managing Director, Portfolio Construction Group 
Ms. Walsh joined Guggenheim Partners in 2007 as Assistant Chief Investment Officer of GPAM and Senior Managing Director. With more than 24 years in the 
investment management industry, including roles as a money manager and as a selector of money managers, Anne Walsh is well suited to understand the needs of 
institutional clients and how to address them. Previously, Ms. Walsh served as Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer at Reinsurance Group of America, 
Incorporated (NYSE: RGA) a recognized leader in the global life reinsurance industry with approximately $2 trillion of life reinsurance in force and assets of more 
than $19 billion. Prior to joining RGA in 2000, Ms. Walsh served as Vice President and Senior Investment Consultant for Zurich Scudder Investments. Earlier, she 
held roles at Lincoln Investment Management and American Bankers Insurance Group. Ms. Walsh received her B.S.B.A. and M.B.A. from Auburn University and 
her J.D. from the University of Miami School of Law. She is a Chartered Financial Analyst, a Fellow of the Life Management Institute, and a member of the CFA 
Institute. 
Michael P. Damaso - Senior Managing Director, Head Trader 
Mr. Damaso joined Guggenheim Partners in 2001 as a member of the Leveraged Credit Investing Team where he was responsible for analyzing investments in the 
energy, telecommunications, utility and chemical sector. Currently, Mr. Damaso is responsible for risk management and trading leveraged credit portfolios. Prior to 
joining Guggenheim Partners, Mr. Damaso worked for Whitney 8c Co. where he analyzed companies in the telecommunication and automotive sectors. Mr. Damaso 
began his professional career as a high yield analyst covering the automotive and energy sectors. Mr. Damaso received his BSA from the University of San Diego. 
Dorothy H. Mattison, Senior Managing Director, Brand and Consumer 
Ms. Mattison joined Guggenheim in September 2010 to increase the equity in the Guggenheim portfolio of companies through the development of intellectual 
property, consumer retail strategies and supply chain enhancements. She is also responsible for identifying areas of new consumer-facing partnerships. Previously, 
Ms. Mattison was the Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Apparel Strategic Business Unit at Walmart Stores U.S. where she led the relocation of the 
business to New York City and the launch/re-launch of ten multi-billion dollar apparel brands. In that role, she was accountable for all product strategy, design, 
development, sourcing, production and brand management of the $26B portfolio. Ms. Mattison also led the Sustainability Textiles Network, graduating from The 
Prince of Wales' Business and Sustainability Programme at The University of Cambridge, and served as Executive Chair of the Walmart Entertainment Council, 
executing multi-channel, cross-category merchandising strategies. From 2006 - 2007, Ms. Mattison was the Vice President and Chief Merchant at 
after 
spending 13 years at Gap Inc. in various merchandising leadership roles in babyGap, Gap Brand U.S., Old Navy Brand U.S. and Gap.com. 
GUGGEFIHEIM® 
EFTA00730192
--- PAGE 11 ---
Biographies (continued) 
Bedsit Engin, Ph.D. - Managing Director, Portfolio Construction Group and Risk Management 
Dr. Engin joined Guggenheim Partners in September 2008 as Managing Director of Risk Management and Quantitative Strategies. As the head of 
I) NAI's 
quantitative effort, his responsibilities include the development of GPAM's proprietary risk and attribution systems as well as the design of quantitative fixed income 
strategies. Before joining Guggenheim Partners, he was a Senior Vice President at Putnam Investments responsible for the management of quantitative fixed income 
portfolios. During his 7 year tenure at Putnam Investments, Dr. Engin played a leading role in the development of firm wide risk management, relative value and 
attribution systems for global investment grade fixed income sectors. This work led to the incubation of Putnam's first quantitative fixed income portfolios of which 
he served as the Portfolio Manager. Prior to Putnam, Dr. Engin served as the Director of Research at Quantitative Risk Management Group (QRM). During his 5 
year tenure at QRM, he developed various models on the term structure of interest rates, mortgage prepayments, demand deposit behavior and mortgage pipeline 
fallout behavior all of which were integrated into QRM's Asset Liability Management and Pipeline Risk Management Systems. These applications are used globally by 
over 70 commercial and mortgage banks. Dr. Engin earned a Ph.D. in Economics with a specialization in Finance from the University of Chicago. His dissertation 
showed that the existence of additional factors priced in the equity markets can be explained within the framework of CAPM. He earned his BA in Economics from 
Bard College. 
William R. Hagner - Managing Director, Senior Counsel 
Mr. Hagner joined Guggenheim Partners as a Vice President in July 2003. He manages a team that handles legal and governmental affairs for the investment 
management business, focusing on deal negotiation and structuring and on special-situations analysis. 
Prior to joining Guggenheim, Mr. Hagner worked as an international tax consultant in Frankfurt, Germany for Ernst & Young and Arthur Andersen. Before that he 
worked as an attorney in Washington, D.C. for Kellogg Huber. Mr. Hagner serves as a Director on the Boards of iQor Holdings, LLC and e5 Global Media 
Holdings, LLC. Mr. Hagner received his AB in Philosophy from the College of William & Mary, his JD from the University of Richmond, and his LLM in the Laws 
of Taxation from Temple University. He also studied international law at Charles University in Prague, The Czech Republic. Organizations to which he belongs 
include the American Bankruptcy Institute, MENSA Business International, and the Triple Nine Society. Mr. Hagner holds the Chartered Alternative Investment 
Analyst (CAIA) designation. 
Gina Hubbell — Managing Director, Structuring and Product Development 
s. Hubbell joined Guggenheim in August 2010 with a focus on developing structured transactions and investment products for the firm and its clients. Previously, 
she was the Managing Director and head of the Structured Products Group at Cantor Fitzgerald. Prior to Cantor, she headed the Credit CDO Group at UBS which 
was responsible for arranging, structuring and marketing the firm's credit-backed CDO and CLO transactions in excess of $5 billion. Before joining UBS, Ms. 
Hubbell spent 17 years at Credit Suisse where she ran the CDO Group which developed many of the first CDOs for a variety of asset classes including high yield 
corporate bonds, syndicated loans, emerging market securities, private mezzanine securities and project finance bonds. She has a bachelor's degree from Stanford 
University and a J.D. from Northwestern University School of Law. 
GUGGEFIHEIT®
EFTA00730193
--- PAGE 12 ---
Biographies (continued) 
Richard Lindquist, CPA - Managing Director and High Yield Portfolio Manager 
Mr. Lindquist joined Guggenheim in 2009 as Managing Director, portfolio manager and member of the GIM investment committee having more than 25 years of 
experience in the High Yield market. Prior to Guggenheim, Mr. Lindquist worked at HSBC 
Ibis as portfolio manager and head of High Yield Fixed Income from 
2005 to 2009. Prior to joining HSBC Halbis, he was a portfolio manager and head of High Yield Axed Income at Credit Suisse Asset Management for over 17 years. 
Prior to working at Credit Suisse Asset Management, Mr. Lindquist worked for Prudential Insurance, T. Rowe Price and New York Life Insurance as a High Yield 
Axed Income portfolio manager, trader and credit research analyst. He received an MBA from The University of Chicago and a Bachelor of Science in Finance 
from Boston College. Mr. Lindquist is a Chartered Financial Analyst and serves as a Board Member for the Center for Asset Management at Boston College. 
Anthony D. Minella, CPA - Managing Director and Head of Research 
Tony Minella joined Guggenheim in December 2001 as a member of the leveraged credit investing team. Currently, Mr. Minella is the Portfolio Manager for 
Guggenheim's credit opportunity strategies and responsible for research across all of the portfolios managed by Guggenheim. Previously, he co-headed a group 
which is focused on investing in a variety of industries, including defense, industrial and energy. Prior to joining Guggenheim, Mr. Minella was at Penske Capital 
Partners, a private equity firm focused on the automotive, heavy-duty truck and transportation industries. Prior to Penske, Mr. Minella held positions in investment 
banking at Merrill Lynch in Ncw York and Morgan Stanley in London. Mr. Minella has an AB in Economics from Bowdoin College. 
GUGGErIHEIT®
lo 
EFTA00730194
--- PAGE 13 ---
, Air acriALIL 
SILVERSTONE 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
EFTA00730195
--- PAGE 14 ---
Mitchell Holdings LLC is a New York-based merchant banking company founded in 1991 by 
David Mitchell, who has over 27 years of real estate investment, finance, and mergers & 
acquisitions experience. 
Since June 2004, Mr. Mitchell has served as Managing Partner of Las Vegas Land Partners 
LLC, a real estate development firm, which together with Forest City Enterprises is building 
the 1,500,000 square foot City of Las Vegas Civic Center. Mr. Mitchell is additionally 
involved in building over 1000 units of rental apartments in Las Vegas. Since 2005, he has 
been the Managing Principal of Ryder Properties LLC, a hotel development 
company. From 1996 until the business was sold to American Express in 1998, Mr. Mitchell 
was the Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer of Americash LLC. From 1993 to the 
present, Mr. Mitchell has been involved in a multitude of real estate projects, including 
condo conversions, office buildings, and large residential developments. Prior to 1991, Mr. 
Mitchell held various senior positions at New York Stock Exchange member firms. From 
1988 to 1990, he was a Managing Director and Principal of Rodman & Renshaw, 
Inc. Previous to 1985, Mr. Mitchell was with Bear Stearns and Oppenheimer & Co. 
Mr. Mitchell has served as an officer and/or director of the following public companies: 
Rodman & Renshaw, Holmes Protection Group, Bogen Communications International, 
Kellstrom Industries, Moto Guzzi, Bion Environmental Technology, and Fortress 
International Group. 
EFTA00730196
--- PAGE 15 ---
WA 
lir 
lir 
lir 
Selected Real Estate Projects 
Las Vegas City Hall — Las Vegas, NV 
Build to Suit Municipal Building 
Intermodal Transit Facility — Las Vegas, NV 
New Transit Facility 
Las Vegas Civic Center — Las Vegas, NV 
Block Civic Center, 1,000,000 square feet 
Commercial Office and Retail 
Aquarius Plaza — Las Vegas, NV 
Commercial Office and Shopping Plaza 
1000 room Hotel and Casino — Las Vegas, NV 
(In development) 
Soho Beach House — Miami, FL 
Redevelopment of Sovereign Hotel 
East 22nd Street — New York, NY 
Residential Condominium Conversion 
150 Fifth Avenue — New York, NY 
Commercial Building 
250 West 39th Street — New York, NY 
Commercial Building 
Rutherford Place — New York, NY 
124 units Residential Condominium 
Marina on the Bay — Highland, NJ 
Townhomes and 320 Slip Marina 
Oak Hill — Freehold, NJ 
350 Unit Manufactured Housing Community 
Fair Oaks - Freehold, NJ 
128 Unit Mt. Laurel Housing Project 
Clifton Street — Brooklyn, NY 
Residential Apartments 
South Elliot Street — Brooklyn, NY 
Residential Apartments 
Sun State, Daisy, Desert Manor — Las Vegas, NV 
980 rental apartments 
EFTA00730197
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00730198
--- PAGE 17 ---
T 
Selected Reairl Estate Projects 
-141111
,,,A1X11.1IXI. 11111 
'fill 
11; 
r11. 
oi. 
Rutherford Place — New York, NY 
Soho Beach House — Miami, FL 
EFTA00730199
--- PAGE 18 ---
Alh 
.111P,t 
szENWI" 
SILVERSTONE 
Lincoln Equities Group LLC 
EFTA00730200
--- PAGE 19 ---
_a 91% 
(V
C, 
= 
Lincoln Equities Group, LLC 
For over 25 years Lincoln Equities Group LLC (LEG) has been an industry-leading US 
based full-service real estate company that owns, operates, develops and manages commercial 
and residential properties for its own account and for third-party owners. Based in Rutherford, 
N.J., LEG, in partnership with institutional and high net worth investors, has completed over 25 
acquisitions and dispositions totaling $1.4 billion of deal volume in the United States and 
Europe. 
LEG's US development team is currently involved in a number of major 
redevelopment/land entitlement projects, including Halletts Point, which will be one of New 
York City's largest re-zonings in the next 2 years that will have an ultimate build-out of 1,800 
residential units. LEG also owns and has plans in place to redevelop Highland Cross, a 23 acre 
property less than 5 miles from Manhattan, which includes zoning for 800 market rate multi-
family residential units, a lifestyle retail center with 500,000 square feet of commercial retail 
space, and two hotels with conference and banquet facilities. LEG, utilizing the LEED Platinum 
design in partnership with HOK and Bovis Lend Lease, has also been selected to design and 
compete for the development of the 600,000 sf headquarters of PSEG, New Jersey's largest 
utilities company. 
LEG currently operates a commercial real estate portfolio comprising more than 4 million 
square feet of Class A office and commercial facilities located throughout the US North-East 
metropolitan region. 
LEG also operates an expansive European Investment Program, including a proven 
German Residential Investment Program. In partnership with institutional capital, LEG currently 
owns over 5,300 units in the greater Berlin market, with a market value of $400 million. In 
conjunction with these investments, LEG has successfully implemented value-add strategies 
including refinancings, façade refurbishments, building modernization projects, supermarket 
developments, and penthouse build-outs. 
Among other institutional partners, LEG enjoys partnerships with PSP Investments, 
Investcorp, Invesco, MetLife, and Grosvenor Investment Management. 
Please visit our website at www.lincolnequities.com for further information. 
301 ROUTE 17 NORTH, 9TH FLOOR • RUTHERFORD, NJ 07070 • TEL: 
EFTA00730201
--- PAGE 20 ---
EFTA00730202
--- PAGE 21 ---
EFTA00730203
--- PAGE 22 ---
• 940,*rifis 
kr,1
• 
tie
Ni s  
• 
' 
' • 
• 
ay 
in 
Highland Cross 
fr • • 
I 
EFTA00730204
--- PAGE 23 ---
PSEG PLAZA 
1160 Raymond Boulevard 
July 12th. 2010 
Lincoln Equites Group, LLC 
American Resurgens Management Corp. 
Welcome Parking, LLC 
HOK 
Bovis Lend Lease 
PSEG PLAZA, 1160 Raymond Boulevard 
LincolnEepas 
\\ 
Newark. New Jersey 
EFTA00730205

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730206.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730206.pdf
----------------------------------------
Team Capabilities 
SILVERSTONE 
Guggenheim Partners LLC 
• 
Global financial services firm with $100 billion in assets under supervision and approximately 1,500 
employees 
• 
Global offices in over 20 cities, including New York, London, Dubai, Hong Kong, Geneva, Mumbai, 
Singapore, and Dublin 
• 
Guggenheim is interested in leading the underwriting of BRDC's capital improvement list 
• 
Guggenheim has in house intellectual property and brand asset management capability 
• 
Guggenheim and has a deep knowledge of motor sports, race tracks, event management, product 
merchandising and retail sales operations 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
• 
New York-based merchant banking company founded in 1991 by David Mitchell, who has over 27 years of 
real estate investment, finance, and mergers & acquisitions experience 
• 
Developer of Las Vegas Civic Center, including new City Hall, Regional Transportation Center, and over I 
million square feet of office and retail space 
• 
Developer of Soho Beach House in Miami, FL 
• 
Talented, capable, and well-capitalized developer, with track record of co-operation with a variety of 
stakeholders in large, complex developments 
• 
Experience with motor sports: Former owner of legendary motorcycle company Moto Guzzi and largely 
responsible for its turnaround and sale to Aprilia 
Lincoln Equities Group LLC 
• 
Industry-leading US based full-service real estate company that owns, operates, develops, and manages 
commercial and residential properties for its own account and for third-party owners 
• 
Completed over 25 acquisitions and dispositions totaling $1.4 billion of deal volume in the United States and 
Europe 
• 
Expansive European investment program with a market value of over $400 million 
• 
Talented, capable, and well-capitalized developer, with track record of co-operation with a variety of 
stakeholders in large, complex developments 
• 
Current project include: Halletts Point, one of New York City's largest re-zonings and Highland Cross, a 23 
acre property less than 5 miles from Manhattan 
Turnberry Consulting Limited 
• 
The Mitchell / Lincoln team has engaged Turnberry as a consultant 
• 
U.K. development strategy consultancy with extensive experience in the Science and Technology Park, 
Higher Education, and Master Planning sectors 
• 
Key player in the planning, development, and financing of Ascot 
• 
Strong track record of working closely with University administrations, and local authorities to formulate 
development strategy 
EFTA00730206

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730207.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 
09/20/2010 MON 12:19 111/9.1 NO 50441 gh001 
EFTA00730207

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730208.pdf
----------------------------------------
-24 
Can . 
• a 
Sketch Number 1 
road is at about +38' 
terrace 
152% 
New living room. 10' min 
clg. +/-30'x50'. floor 
elevation same as master 
bedroom, or slight lower if 
needed for clg height 
(+44'?) 
omit previously 
proposed new 
bathroom north of 
office? 
OM, Ole 
itiatusoavonincyucr 
kiA2cuieic w te 16 m A id 
pool. 20'x60'. at +56' 
elevation 
cabana similar to last 
scheme. 2 treatment 
rooms, shower area, 
bathroom 
07.7112.004 
wit
move new guest 
cottages to this area. 
+/-30'x50'. includes 
two bedrooms/ 
bathrooms, one living 
room, terrace 
\ 
\ 
\\\\ 
••.,1 
6'o
new office 
andscaped area/pool 
access 
o S16' 
32' 
V 
I 
mat 
/ / / 
/ 
//,/ 
/ 
721MISI 
Sea 
SWISS 
COMMON 
itioNtla 
Is TIMM 
S 
a 
C•4 
C4 
a N 
EFTA00730208

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730209.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730209.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of Florida 
N.E. 44 Street 
hatIM4 Ft 33132 
Telephone: (305) 9614299 
Facsimile: (305) 530-6444 
October 25, 2007 
DELIVERY BY FACSIMILE 
The Hon. Edward B. Davis (Ret.) 
Akerman Senterfitt 
One Southeast Third Avenue, 25th Floor 
Miami, Florida 33131 
Re: 
Service as a Special Master 
Dear Judge Davis: 
Thank you for agreeing to serve as a Special Master and for assisting the United States 
Attorney's Office in the selection of an attorney representative to represent a group of 
identified victims. This letter is meant to assist you in performing your duties by providing 
you with background information regarding the agreement between the United States and 
Jeffrey Epstein and the duties that the attorney representative will have to perform. 
The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the U.S. Attorney's Office conducted an 
investigation of Mr. Epstein. As a result of that investigation, the U.S. Attorney's Office and 
Mr. Epstein entered into a Non-Prosecution Agreement and an Addendum that contains, 
inter alia, the following terms: 
7k The United States has the right to assign to an independent third-party the 
responsibility for consulting with and, subject to the good faith approval of 
Epstein's counsel, selecting the attorney representative for the individuals 
identified under the Agreement. If the United States elects to assign this 
responsibility to an independent third-party, both the United States and Epstein 
retain the right to make good faith objections to the attorney representative 
suggested by the independent third-party prior to the final designation of the 
attorney representative. 
EFTA00730209
--- PAGE 2 ---
THE HON. EDWARD B. DAVIS (Rn.) 
OCT0B13R 25, 2007 
PAGE 2 of 4 
7B. The parties will jointly, prepare a short written submission., to the 
independent third-partY regaidine the role pf_the artornextenresentatiye and 
regarding Epstein's Agreement to pay such attorney representative his or her 
regular customary hourly rate for representing such victims subject to tile 
provisions of paragraph 7C, infra. 
7C. Pursuant to additional paragraph 7A, Epstein has agreed to pay the fees 
of the attorney representative selected by the independent third party. This 
provision, however, shall not obligate Epstein to pay the fees and costs of 
contested litigation filed against him. Thus, if after consideration of potential 
settlements, an attorney representative elects to file a contested lawsuit 
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 or elects to pursue any other contested remedy, 
the paragraph 7 obligation of the Agreement to pay the costs of the attorney 
representative, as opposed to any statutory or other obligations to pay 
reasonable attorneys fees and costs such as those contained in § 2255 to bear 
the costs of the attorney representative, shall cease. 
8.If any of the individuals referred to [in the paragraphs above] elects to file 
suit pursuant to 18 U S C § 2255, Epstein will not contest the jurisdiction of 
the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida over his 
person and/or the subject matter, and Epstein waives his right to contest 
liability and also waives his right to contest damages up to an amount agreed 
to between Epstein and the ulbritlieci individu pl, so long as the identified 
individual elects to proceed exclusively under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, and agrees to 
waive any other claim for damages, whether pursuant to state, federal, or 
common law. Notwithstanding this waiver, with respect to those individuals 
whose names appear on the list provided by the United States, Epstein's 
signature on this agreement, his waivers and failures to contest liability and 
such damages in any suit are not to be construed as an admission of any 
criminal or civil liability. 
9.Epstein's signature on this agreement also is not to be construed 
admission of civil or criminal liability or a waiver of any jurisdictional or 
other defense as to any person whose name does not appear on the list 
provided by the United States. 
10.Except as to those individuals who elect to proceed exclusively under 18 
U.S.C. § 2255, as set forth in [the above paragraphs], neither Epstein's 
EFTA00730210
--- PAGE 3 ---
THE BON. EDWARD B. DAVIS (RET) 
OCTOBER 25,2607 
PAGE 3 OF 4 
signature on this agreement, nor its terms, nor any resulting waivers or 
settlements by Epstein are to be construed as admissions or evidence of 
civil or criminal liability or a waiver of any jurisdictional or other defense 
as to any person, whether or not her name appears on the list provided by 
the United States. 
The most recent version of the statute referenced above, 18 U.S.C. § 2255, 
provides that 
Any person who, while a minor, was a victim of a violation of section ... 2422 
or 2423 of this title and who suffers personal injury as a result of such 
violation, regardless of whether the injury occurred while such person was a 
minor, may sue in any appropriate United States District Court and shall 
recover the actual damages such person sustains and the cost of the suit, 
including a reasonable attorney's fee. Any person as described in the 
preceding sentence shall be deemed to have sustained damages of no less than 
$150,000 in value) 
Section 2422 prohibits the use of a facility of interstate commerce to induce minors 
to engage in sexual activity and prostitution, and section 2423 prohibits interstate travel for 
the purpose of engaging in sexual activity or prostitution with minors. The United States has 
identified 34 victims as defined bythis statute. The United States takes no position as to the 
validity of any such claim under this statute. 
Due to the circumstances of the case and the number and caliber of the attorneys who 
represent Mr. Epstein, in selecting the victims' attorney representative, the United States 
suggests that you consider the following criteria: 
1. 
Experience doing both plaintiffs' and defense litigation. 
2. 
Experience with state and federal statutory and common law tort claims. 
3. 
The ability to communicate effectively with young women. 
4. 
Experience litigating against large law firms and high profile attorneys who 
' An earlier version of this statute deems that any person described in the preceding 
sentence shall have sustained damages of no less than $50,000 in value. 
EFTA00730211
--- PAGE 4 ---
THE HON. BowARD B. DAVIS (RET.) 
OCTOBER 25, 2007 
PAGE 4 oF 4 
may test the veracity} of the victims'. claims, 
5. 
Sensitivity to the nature of the suit and the victims' interest in maintaining 
their privacy. 
6. 
Experience litigating in federal court in the Southern District of Florida. 
7. 
The resources to hire experts and others, while working on a contingency 
fee basis, in order to prepare for trial, if a settlement cannot be reached 
(defense counsel has reserved the right to challenge such litigation). 
8. 
The ability to negotiate effectively. 
Pursuant to this letter, the United States assigns to you the responsibility for consulting 
with and selecting the attorney representative for the individuals. The United States and 
Epstein retain the right to make good faith objections to the attorney representative you select 
prior to the final designation of the attorney representative. In that regard, after you have 
reached a decision regarding the attorney representative, please provide me with his or her 
name and contact information. 
If I can provide you with any further information, please do not hesitate to contact me 
and/or the U.S. Attorney and/or Jay Lefkowitz, Esq. an behalf of Epstein. Mr. Lefkowitz can 
be reached aa 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP, Citigroup Center, 153 East 53'd Street, 
New York, New York 10022-4611. Thank you again for your assistance with this matter. 
Sincerely, 
IL Alexander Acosta 
United States ttorne 
By: 
CC: 
EFTA00730212
--- PAGE 5 ---
ERQMALEQRTESICEEDThtanliCZATTQBNEy • 
IS SELECTED 
1. 
Provide selected attorney with: 
a. 
a copy of the relevant portion of the Non-Prosecution Agreement; 
b. 
the names and contact information for the identified victims; and 
c. 
a retainer agreement. 
i. 
The retainer agreement will provide for the monthly billing of 
fees at an hourly rate and monthly expenses. 
ii. 
The billing statements will be sent to and paid by an attorney or 
accountant not involved in the damages litigation, and will not 
be made available to any person or firm involved in the damages 
litigation. 
iii. 
Billing statements will have privileged and work product information 
redacted. 
iv. 
Disputes regarding fees will be referred to a Special Master (perhaps 
the Special Master who selected the attorney). 
2. 
The agents and I will contact the girls individually to inform them of the 
resolution of the case, including the selection of an attorney to represent them, 
if they so choose. I will provide them with the name and telephone number of 
the attorney and also let them know that the attorney will be contacting them. 
3. 
The selected attorney will contact each victim and review with her the facts of 
her case and the options that she has, namely: 
a. 
selecting another attorney and handling everything through that 
attorney; 
b. 
attempting to reach an agreement with Mr. Epstein for an amount of 
damages pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255; 
c. 
filing suit seeking other state and/or federal damages or restitution; and 
d. 
not seeking any money damages from Mr. Epstein. 
EFTA00730213
--- PAGE 6 ---
4. 
If the specific victim selects option (3)(b), the selected attorney will contact 
counsel for Mr. Epstein to negotiate a settlement amount and the terms of that 
settlement. 
5. 
If the specific victim selects option (3Xb) and the parties are unable to reach 
an agreement regarding a settlement amount, then the victim can: 
a. 
ask the selected attorney to file suit in the U.S. District Court for the 
Southern District of Florida, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255; or 
b. 
file suit in state or federal court pursuing damages under any state or 
federal remedy. 
6. 
If the specific victim selects option (5Xa), the representation of the victim by 
the selected attorney will continue using the same monthly billing and payment 
system contained in the retainer agreement. 
7. 
If the specified victim selects option (5)(b), Mr. Epstein will have no further 
obligation to pay the attorney, except as ordered by the Court hearing the suit. 
EFTA00730214

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730215.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rot Bun 
HOWARD M. SRESNICX 
Scan A. !WISMAR 
LARRY A. STUMPF 
MARIA NEYRA 
JACKIE PERCZEE 
MARK A.J. SHAPIRO 
JARED LOPEZ 
BLACK 
SREBN1CK 
KORNSPAN 
STUMPF 
PA 
September 1, 2009 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
N.E. 4th Street 
Miami, Florida 33132 
RE: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Jeff: 
JESSICA FOHBECA-NADER 
KATHLEEN P. PHILLIPS 
AARON AtrmoN 
MARCOS BSATON, JR. 
MATTHEW P. O'BRIEN 
JIIIIPER J. SouutaAs 
NOAH FOX 
Once again I need to send you a note about Jeffrey Epstein, mainly to keep 
you in the loop so we don't inadvertently violate any provision of his agreement 
with your office. As I am sure you are aware, Mr. Epstein has finished the 
incarceration portion of his sentence and is now serving the one year of 
community control as mandated by both his state plea and the terms of the non-
prosecution agreement with the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern 
District of Florida. 
Mr. Epstein is in compliance with all terms of his community control and 
is applying for transfer of his supervision from the State of Florida to his primary 
residence, the Virgin Islands. This transfer is being requested through the 
Intrastate Compact for Transfer of Adult Supervision (ICAOS). The ICAOS is the 
mechanism for which transfers of probation and community control are 
effectuated. The process requires the offender to seek the approval of the sending 
state (in this case Florida) and, if they agree, the receiving state (in this case the 
United States Virgin Islands) and the United States Virgin Islands after 
investigation has pre-approved the transfer under the same exact conditions of 
supervision as imposed in Mr. Epstein's community control sentence in the State 
of Florida. 
Even though Mr. Epstein is requesting the transfer he is still at the home 
2015. Biscayne Boulevard. Suite 1300 • Miami. Florida 33131 • Phone 
• 
EFTA00730215
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Sloman, Esq. 
September 1, 2009 
Page 2 
in Palm Beach following the rules of state community control. As Mr. Epstein's 
lawyers, we believe that his request to administratively transfer his community 
control is in full compliance with both his state plea agreement and the non-
prosecution agreement with the United States Attorney's Office. Nonetheless we 
have taken to heart your previous suggestion of erring on the side of caution and 
thus we are advising you of this request. 
I am happy to discuss this with you at any time. I did not want to set an 
appointment to see you on this issue since I imagine you have more pressing 
matters to deal with than a transfer of a state community control matter. 
RB/wg 
Very 
Roy Black 
Black. Srchnick. Komspan & Stumpf. P.A 
EFTA00730216

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730217.pdf
----------------------------------------
ROY BLACK 
HOWARD M. SREBNICK 
SCOTT A. KORNSPAN 
LARRY A. STUMPF 
MARIA NEYRA 
JACKIE PERCZEK 
MARK A.J. SHAPBtO 
JARED LOPEZ 
United States Attorney 
N.E. 4th Street 
Miami, FL 33132 
RE: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear 
BLACK 
SREBNICK 
KORNSPAN 
&STUMPF 
February 8, 2010 
JESSICA FONSECA-NADER 
KATHLEEN P. PHILLIPS 
AARON ANTHON 
MARCOS BEATON, JR. 
MATTHEW P. O'BRIEN 
JENIPER J. SOULIKIAS 
NOAH Fox 
First, thank you for meeting with us on Wednesday and providing us with 
an opportunity to address a wide range of concerns with you. At the conclusion 
of the meeting we discussed Mr Epstein's eligibility for a modification, or 
termination of his one-year community control sentence under either of two 
provisions of state law, FSA §948.05 and FSA §948.10(4). You asked what our 
position would be in the event an application for such relief was made regarding 
notification of those persons determined by you to be federal rather than just state 
victims. We believe that such notification would not be required by 18 USC 
§3771. Your office has come to a similar conclusion, see AUSA Alex Acosta's 
December 19, 2007 letter to Lilly Sanchez, pg 2. We are sensitive, however, to the 
adversarial litigation previously filed regarding other §3771 issues. Accordingly, 
we propose the following: 
1. That if Mr Epstein applies for a termination of community control 
sentence that seeks an early release from all probation, that your office would (a) 
not oppose this request under state law, i.e., you would permit the state to make 
its own discretionary decision on the application without taking a position one 
way or the other, (b) not consider it a breach of the NPA for Epstein to either so 
apply or, if the application is allowed, to accept the reduction, and (c) notify the 
federal victims that such an application has been made, and the date, if any, 
when the matter would be heard. We further propose, however, that the victim 
notification letter neither request nor encourage the attendance of the federal 
victims at any scheduled hearing nor request nor encourage that the federal 
victims make filings in state court as to their position since those rights, to our 
understanding, are at most limited under state law to state victims. Those on the 
201 S. Biscayne Boulevard. Suite 1300 • Miami. Florida 33131 • Phon 
EFTA00730217
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Sloman, Esq. 
February 8, 2010 
Page 2 
federal victim notification list, of course, once notified, would have the non-
statutory right at their own election to attend any hearing, 
2. That if Mr Epstein applies for a modification of community control that 
only converts it, pursuant to FSA §948.10(4) into a normal probation with no 
shortening of the terms of supervision that you would neither oppose nor support 
the request nor would either the request nor any acceptance of any subsequent 
order converting the community control to some other form of probation be 
considered a breach of the NPA, however, given that Mr Epstein would remain 
under state supervision for the remainder of the 12-month sentence, no prior 
notification to federal victims would be provided. 
Respectfully submitted, 
MARTIN WEINBERG, ESQ. 
ALAN 
SHOWITZ, ESQ. 
ROY 
By 
/wg 
cc: 
Robert Senior, Esq. 
Marie Villafana, Esq. 
Black. Srebnick. Komspan & Stumpf. M. 
EFTA00730218

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730219.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Mr Sloman 
This letter is being authored to advise you of the extent to which Jeffrey 
Epstein has conformed his conduct to the terms and obligations set forth in 
the Non-Prosecution Agreement he executed in September of 2007 which 
was supplemented one month later with an Addendum addressing some of 
the unique issues relating to the integration of a civil damage statute, 18 
USC 2255, into an agreement that, at its essence, deferred federal criminal 
prosecution but required that Epstein comply with a strict set of state 
criminal conditions. Epstein has, as of the present, met the conditions of the 
Agreement in the following respects: 
1. He plead guilty (and in fact, pursuant to the Agreement, initiated)to a 
state felony criminal information that the State Attorney did not 
initially require as a condition of the resolution of the outstanding state 
investigation in addition to the state indictment that was pending at the 
time of the Agreement; 
2. He was sentenced, as required by the Agreement, to consecutive terms 
of 12 and 6 months in county jail followed by 12 months of community 
control; 
3. He served the entire 18 month county jail sentence subject to the same 
gain time provisions applicable to similarly situated defendants; 
4. He is currently subject to the conditions of community control, 
including supervision by the West Palm Beach Probation Department 
and has conformed to each condition without incident; 
5. He has registered as a sex offender in the State of Florida and is 
prepared, after completing his criminal sentence, to register wherever 
he resides; 
6. He has met his obligations to the attorney representative who was 
selected by Judge Davis and who has been paid over $1,000,000 (put in 
exact amount) and who has requested additional fees of 
that by 
agreement of all parties is being reviewed by a Special Master pursuant 
to a procedure recommended by the attorney representative himself i.e. 
Epstein has paid substantial sums to his legal adversary who has 
already brought two federal lawsuits against him due to the unusual 
obligations set forth in the Agreement; 
7. Further, Epstein has settled each case brought exclusively pursuant to 
USC 2255 (or threatened to be brought pursuant to that statute) even 
though as to one such claimant he had no recognition of ever having 
contact with her, and as to another the civil six year statute, see 18 USC 
2255(c), had expired before the lawsuit was instituted. He settled these 
EFTA00730219
--- PAGE 2 ---
cases only because each such claimant was on a list of "victims" and 
because of his intent to not test the scope of the "waiver of liability" 
provision, see Agreement, par 7 and 8. The attorney representative 
would confirm that Epstein has conformed his conduct to the most 
expansive construction of these unusual provisions of the criminal 
Agreement; 
8. Epstein has withdrawn his request for an interstate transfer of 
probation given the position of your Office that such a transfer 
(although a right available to others) was relinquished during 
negotiations by his attorneys which led to the execution of the 
Agreement; 
9. Epstein continues to litigate only the civil cases brought by attorneys 
who did not suit exclusively under 18 USC 2255 and who therefore did 
not qualify under its conditions for any of the concessions made within 
the Agreement despite Epstein having made an outstanding offer to 
settle each case brought by each claimant on the "victim list" for the 
statutory damage amount, see par 8 of Agreement; and 
10.Epstein has, in accord with the Agreement, only sought state law 
benefits that are equally available to other similarly situated state 
defendants. 
Like all state or county defendants, Epstein is eligible, in the discretion of 
state officials, and with state judicial review, to a modification of his period 
of community control if a request for such modification is made by the 
Department of Corrections prior to the completion of the 12 month 
community control program. This state remedy which was set forth by state 
statute, FSA 948.10 (10) (2007) at the time the Agreement was executed 
states aS follows: "Upon completion of the sanctions imposed in the community 
control plan before the expiration of the term ordered by the court, the department may 
petition the court to discharge the offender from community control supervision or to 
return the offender to a program of regular probation supervision. In considering the 
petition, the court should recognize the limited staff resources committed to the 
community control program, the purpose of the program, and the offender's successful 
compliance with the conditions set forth in the order of the court". When Epstein 
entered the Agreement, he was assured, through his counsel, that he would 
be treated like other state defendants, no more, no less, and that the 
Government would not interfere with the discretionary and disinterested 
decisions of state authorities. Epstein intends, subject to your review, to 
apply for an early termination of his community control period. If allowed, 
he would be treated no different than any other state defendant subject to the 
EFTA00730220
--- PAGE 3 ---
same sentence. We wanted to provide you notice that the ordinary and 
standard operation of state law in this area encourages such early 
terminations for individuals like Epstein who have repeatedly demonstrated 
that they are in compliance with their conditions of community control and 
that Epstein would, absent your Office's objection, apply for such relief. We 
believe the application to terminated community control is consistent with 
and not in breach of the terms of the Agreement. We request your 
agreement. 
RB 
EFTA00730221

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730222.pdf
----------------------------------------
smart fortwo passion cabriolet 
Page I of 2 
starting at 616,990" 
The passion cabriolet has all the features of the passion coupe plus an upgraded radio and sound system that includes an mp3 
compatible in-dash 6-disk CD changer. The main difference lies in the soft top with a heated rear glass window that is fully automatic 
and can be infinitely adjusted to any position while driving at any speed. For the full cabriolet experience, simply remove the side roof 
bars - taken out in no time - and stow them in a special compartment in the tailgate. 
Click here to view the 2010 smart lofty product brochure 
Fuel consumption 
city/41 highway (2010 EPA estimated) 
Standard Eauipment 
Engine/ Drivetrain 
1.0 L, 70 HP, 3 cylinder engine 
smart-shift Transmission® 
Paddle shifters 
Wheels/tires 
9-spokes alloy wheels (15) with front tires: 155/60 R15: rear tires 175/55 R15 
Tire pressure monitoring system 
Exterior 
Fully automatic convertible top with glass rear window 
Projector beam halogen headlights 
Side indicators in yellow 
Exterior mirror trim in tridion color 
Interior 
3-spoke leather sports steering wheel with steering wheel shill paddles (incl. leather gear knob) 
Basic seat with weight detection and seatbelt recognition 
Flat folding passenger seat with backrest adjustment 
Storage areas beside the steering wheel and in both doors 
Coin holder 
Dome light 
Mirror in passenger sun visor 
Storage 
Lockable glove compartment 
Audio 
smart premium radio (AM/FM, mp3-compatible 6 disc CD changer; aux input jack (radio 10j) 
smart sound system (2 tweeters. 2 mid range. subwoofer) 
Safety 
Full-size driver and passenger airbags 
Head/Neck side airbags 
esp® - electronic stability program with hill wad assist 
Anti-lock braking system (abs) with electronic brake force distribution 
Hydraulic dual-circuit brake system 
Integral safety seats 
Seat belts with belt tensioner and belt-force limiter 
Drive lock - auto-activation of the central locking when driving 
Top Tether for child restraint system 
Panic button on key 
Tire repair kit 
Functional/electrical equipment 
Air conditioning with automatic temperature control (incl. dust. pollen filter) 
11/16/2010 
EFTA00730222
--- PAGE 2 ---
smart fortwo passion cabriolet 
Page 2 of 2 
Power windows with one-touch lowering function 
Electronic and heated side mirrors 
Central locking system with remote control 
Instrument cluster with multifunctional display (fuel-level indicator, coolant-level indicator, residual fuel indicator, service interval 
indicator, trip mileage indicator, clock, loose gas cap indicator) 
Outside temperature indicator 
Indicators with lane changer function 
Front windshield wiper with speed-dependent interval wiping and wiper-Awash function 
Electric rear window defroster 
Electric tailgate release 
Locking gas cap 
12-volt socket, with cover 
Factory installed options' 
Single options 
Metallic paint (gray, blue, silver) 
$225 
Silver metallic tridi0n safety cell 
$175 
Alarm system 
$160 
Power steering 
$450 
Heated seats 
$220 
Fog lamps 
$110 
Additional instruments 
$120 
Option packages 
Comfort Package 
- Power steering 
- Leather seats 
- Heated seats 
• Fog lamps 
$850 
'Prices effective for current model year only. Prices are not guaranteed and are subject to change without notice. Excludes la 
options and other dealer lees. Pricing will vary in Puerto Rico. 
All illustrations and specifications contained In this ‘volnite are based on product information available at the lime of posting a 
the United States. smart USA reserves the right to make changes at any time, without notice, in colors. materials, equipment. 
in colors shown are due to variations in monitor resolution. Illustrations may include test situalions. Some vehicles may be sib 
vet rides are shown with optioned equipment. 
11/16/2010 
EFTA00730223

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730224.pdf
----------------------------------------
AFFIDAVIT 
I, ALAN D. SMITH, having been duly sworn depose and state: 
1. 
I am an adult resident and citizen of the United States Virgin Islands and 
have personal knowledge of the facts stated herein. 
2. 
This affidavit is given at the request of Mr. Jose Rosario-Fabregas-Fabregas, 
Project Manager (GS-0401-12), Antilles Permits Section, North Permits 
Branch, Regulatory Division. 
3. 
I have been advised that Mr. Rosario-Fabregas has been served with a 
Notice of Proposed Removal from Federal Service for assisting outside 
parties in pursuing complaints against the Army Corps of Engineers in 
violation of 5 CFR 752. 
4. 
I was admitted to practice law in the courts of the United States Virgin 
Islands in 1978 and licensed to practice law in the Virgin Islands in 1991. 
5. 
At all time relevant I was Of Counsel to the Law Offices of Hodge & 
Francois in St. Thomas, United States Virgin Islands. 
6. 
In 2008 the Law Offices of Hodge & Francois were retained by Little St. 
James, LLC, a Virgin Islands Limited Liability Company to represent it in 
an administrative enforcement action commenced in 2003 by the United 
States Army Corps of Engineers, Antilles Regulatory Section for alleged 
violations of SAJ-1999-3354 (IP-VG). 
7. 
I was assigned to represent Little St. James, LLC in the aforementioned 
matter. 
8. 
In the course of representing Little St. James, LLC I requested a meeting 
with Mr. Sindlufo Castillo, of the United States Army Corps of Engineers, 
Regulatory Section to discuss the status of the SAJ-1999-3345 (IP-VG). 
9. 
My request was granted and a meeting was held on April 27, 2009 at the 
Army Corps of Engineers offices in Puerto Rico. 
10. 
Mr. Castillo and Mr. Jose Rosario-Fabregas represented the Army Corps of 
Engineers at the April 27, 2009 meeting. 
II. 
During the April 27, 2009 meeting Mr. Castillo and Mr. Rosario-Fabregas 
provided background information, discussed the status of the pending 
enforcement action, and specified the course of action that Little St. James 
would have to pursue in order to resolve the outstanding enforcement issues. 
12. 
On or about May 11, 2009, I prepared a draft letter to Mr. Sindulfo. My 
letter summarized my understanding of the relevant background, the items 
discussed during meeting and the course of action that Little St. James, LLC 
would have to follow in order to resolve the outstanding enforcement issues. 
13. 
I shared this letter with Mr. Rosario-Fabregas and requested that he review 
the letter and confirm the accuracy of its content both with respect to the 
background, discussion, the agreements reached during the meeting, and the 
steps to be taken by Little St. James, LLC. 
14. 
On June 12, 2009, I sent a follow-up email to Mr. Rosario-Fabregas and 
requested his comments regarding the May II, 2009 draft letter to Mr. 
Sindulfo. 
EFTA00730224
--- PAGE 2 ---
15. 
On June 16, 2009, Mr. Rosario-Fabregas responded via email to my initial 
request with his comments and corrections to my May 11, 2009 draft letter 
to Mr. Sindulfo. 
16. 
Shortly after receiving Mr. Rosario-Fabregas response, and after consulting 
with my client, I prepared the final version of the letter and sent to it Mr. 
Sindulfo. 
17. 
To my knowledge Little St. James, LLC has never filed a complaint against 
the Army Corps of Engineers for any action it took or failed to take in 
connection with the enforcement action commenced in 2003 for alleged 
violations of SAJ-1999-3354 (IP-VG). 
18. 
My communications with Mr. Rosario-Fabregas were taken only for 
purpose of confirming the accuracy of the content of my May 11, 2009 draft 
letter to Mr. Sindulfo with respect to the background, discussion, the 
agreements reached during the meeting, and the steps to be taken by Little 
St. James, LLC. 
19. 
At no time did I file or pursue a complaint against the Army Corps of 
Engineers on behalf of Little St. James, LLC nor did I request, solicit, 
suggest or imply that the Mr. Rosario-Fabregas assist me or Little St. James, 
LLC with respect to any complaint against the Army Corps of Engineers. 
Dated: 
Alan D. Smith 
Subscribed to and sworn to 
before me this 
day of November 2009 
Notary Public 
EFTA00730225

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730226.pdf
----------------------------------------
South Padre Island Golf Club 
Unit Sales per Year 
250 
200 
150 
100 
: 
In I I I I 
1 1 1 1 [ 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
K N of Vertical Units Sold 
La N of Lots Sold 
EFTA00730226
--- PAGE 2 ---
South Padre Unit Sales and Project Cash Flow 
600 
500 
400 
300 
200 
100 
(100) 
(200) 
(300) 
„A--A 
• • • 
200S 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
201 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
It of Lots Sold 
ME If of Vertical Units Sold 
—sk.— Project Cash Flow (0,000's) 
EFTA00730227
--- PAGE 3 ---
South Padre Island 
Summary of Cash Flow 
2005 
2006 
Actual 
2007 
2008 
2009 
Estimate 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
Projected 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2011-2020 
Total 
Cash Flow after Debt 
Cash Flow from Real Estate 
(289.352) 
650.473 
624.598 
547.066 
840.961 
586.114 
1.057.051 
1.353.796 
1.401.373 
1.449.807 
8.221.888 
Cash Flow from Got 
(297.965) 
(287.040) 
(268.062) 
(219.887) 
(163.527) 
(100.118) 
(68.401) 
(4.193) 
63.929 
136.142 
(1.209.124) 
Total project cash flow 
4.301000 
5221000 
1,426.000 
(2077.190) 
(944.126) (1.400,000) 
(587,317) 
363,433 
356.536 
327.178 
677,434 
485,996 
988,680 
1,349,603 
1,465,302 
1,585.949 
7,012,765 
Cumulative 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Total 
of Lots Sold 
115 
313 
of Venical Units Sok) 
365 
Total 0 of Units Sold 
197 
175 
126 
678 
Cumulative 4 of units sold 
397 
594 
769 
895 
919 
939 
957 
993 
1.056 
1.121 
1.185 
1.257 
1.329 
1.401 
1.473 
1.545 
1.617 
South Padre Fee 
84.214 
319.544 
302.198 
348231 
410.457 
440.095 
426.583 
423.931 
436.649 
449.748 
3.641.650 
Constructko 
120.000 
120.000 
120.000 
121030 
120.000 
120.000 
120.000 
120.000 
120.000 
120.030 
1.200.000 
Project Management 
141.181 
145.416 
65.920 
154.272 
158.900 
163.667 
168.577 
173.635 
178.844 
184.209 
1.534.623 
Gob Management 
997.332 
1.482.335 
1.065.624 
546.721 
307.469 
270.003 
345.395 
584.961 
488.118 
622.503 
689.357 
723.763 
715.161 
717.566 
735.493 
753.957 
6.376.273 
3J36 332 
6.711.335 
2.491.624 
(1.530.469) 
(636.657) 
(1.130.000) 
(241.922) 
948.393 
844.654 
949.681 
1.366.791 
1209.759 
1.703.811 
2.067.169 
2.200.795 
2.339.906 
13.389.038 
Cash From South Padre 
305 332 12.017.667 
14.509.291 
12.978.822 
12,342.165 
11.212.165 
10.970.243 
11.918.636 
12.763.291 
13.712.972 
15.079.763 
16289.522 
17.993.333 
20.060.502 
22.261.297 
24.601203 
Cumulative 
1) At the end of 2020. South Padre has approximately 850 developable acre remaining . 
EFTA00730228
--- PAGE 4 ---
South Padre Island -
Residential Cash Flow 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2011.2020 
Total 
Units sold 
Lots 
Houses /Villas:Condos 
307 
355 
Total 
662 
Revenue 
Lots 
874.000 
1,364,750 
1.692.290 
1.793.827 
2.082.807 
2.118.210 
2.154.676 
2.192,235 
2.230.921 
2,270,768 
18.774,484 
Houses iVillasiCcados 
4.291.857 
7,560,494 
7.054.215 
7.117.775 
8.036.648 
8.277.747 
8.526.079 
8.781,862 
9.045.318 
9,316,677 
78.008.673 
Bulk Land Sales 
198,919 
204.886 
211.033 
217.364 
223.885 
230.601 
237.519 
244.645 
251,984 
2.020.837 
Total 
5.165.857 
9,124,163 
8.951.392 
9.122.635 
10.336.819 
10.619.842 
10.911.357 
11211,616 
11.520.884 
11,839,429 
98.803.994 
Less Commissions & Closing Costs -4.5% 
(232.464) 
(410,587) 
(402.813) 
(410.519) 
(465.157) 
(477.893) 
(491.011) 
(504.523) 
(518.440) 
(532,774) 
(4,446,180) 
Misc revenue-rental units & HOA fees. etc. 
138.000 
99,000 
60.000 
61.800 
63.654 
65.564 
67.531 
69.556 
71.643 
73,792 
770.540 
Revenue after Closing Costs 
5.071.394 
8,812,576 
8.608.579 
8.773.917 
9.935.316 
10.207.513 
10.487.876 
10.776,650 
11.074.087 
11.380.447 
95.128,354 
Development Costs 
Master Site Improvements. incl Land 
Holly Beach Road 
300.000 
300.000 
Additional Golf Course ( 9 Holes) 
125.000 
375.000 
375.000 
375.000 
250.000 
1.500.000 
Office: Club 
Subtotal 
125.000 
375.000 
375.000 
675.000 
250.000 
1.800.000 
Lot Construction Costs 
238,162 
436.348 
561.989 
659.920 
679.717 
700.109 
721.112 
742.745 
765,028 
5.505.130 
Vertical Construction Costs, incl pads 
1.403.563 
5,087,574 
4.475.292 
4.866.854 
5.806.026 
5.980.207 
6.159.613 
6.344,402 
6.534.734 
6,730,776 
53,389,040 
Total Development Costs 
1.403.563 
5,325,736 
5.036.640 
5.803.843 
6.840.946 
7.334.924 
7.109.722 
7.065,514 
7.277.479 
7,495203 
60.694.170 
Operating Expenses 
General & Administrative. incl cons't dept (1) 
871.154 
802,289 
826.357 
851.148 
876.682 
902.983 
930.072 
957.975 
986.714 
1,016,315 
9.021.689 
Sales & Marketing. ind SPI Realty net 
507.690 
522,921 
538.608 
554.767 
571.410 
588.552 
606.208 
624.395 
643.127 
662,420 
5.820.097 
Patio Repairs 
100.000 
100.000 
Total Operating Expenses 
1.478.844 
1.325209 
1.364.966 
1.405.915 
1.448.092 
1.491.535 
1.536.281 
1.582,369 
1.629.840 
1.678.736 
14.941.786 
Total Expenses 
2.882.407 
6,650,945 
6.401.606 
7.209.758 
8.289.038 
8.826.459 
8.646.003 
8.647,883 
8.907.319 
9,174,539 
75.635,956 
Net Cash Flow before Debt 
2.188.987 
2,161,631 
2.206.973 
1.564.159 
1.646.278 
1.381.054 
1.841.873 
2.128,767 
2.166.768 
2,205,908 
19.492.398 
Cumulative 
2.188.987 
4250,617 
6.557.591 
8.121.750 
9.768.028 
11.149.082 
12.990.955 
15.119,722 
17.286.490 
19,492298 
Land Debt 
Beginning Balance 
4.347.308 
4,216,952 
3.992.154 
3.755.481 
3.514.558 
3.243.000 
2.971.443 
2.699,885 
2.428.327 
2,156.770 
Additions to PrinclPal 
Interest -6.0 +1% 
304.312 
295,187 
279.451 
262.884 
246.019 
227.010 
208.001 
188.992 
169.983 
150,974 
2.332.811 
Repayment ol Principal ( $10.000 per acre) 
130.356 
224,798 
236.673 
240.923 
271.558 
271.558 
271.558 
271.558 
271.558 
271,558 
2.462.096 
Ending Balance 
4.216.952 
3,992,154 
3.755.481 
3.514.558 
3.243.000 
2.971.443 
2.699.885 
2.428,327 
2.156.770 
1,885,212 
Development Debt 
Beginning Balance 
5.965.347 
3,821,676 
2.830.503 
1.764.252 
1.250.965 
963.225 
666.853 
361.589 
47.168 
(276,686) 
Additions to PnnaPal 
1.403.563 
5,325,736 
4.911.640 
5.428.843 
6.465.946 
6.659.924 
6.859.722 
7.065,514 
7.277.479 
7,495,803 
58.894.170 
Interest included in Development Costs 
100.000 
100.000 
Repayment of Principal 
960W4 
3.547234 
6.316.909 
5.977.891 
5.942.130 
6.753.686 
6.956.296 
7.164.985 
7.379.935 
7.601.333 
7.829.373 
65.469,773 
Ending Balance 
3.821.676 
2,830,503 
1.764.252 
1.250.965 
963.225 
666.853 
361.589 
47.168 
(276.686) 
(610,255) 
Cash Flow after Debt 
(289.352) 
650.473 
624,598 
547.066 
840.961 
586.114 
1.057.051 
1.353.796 
1,401,373 
1.449.807 
8.221,888 
Cumulative 
(289.352) 
361.121 
985.719 
1.532.785 
2.373.746 
2.959.860 
4.016.912 
5.370.708 
6,772,081 
8.221,888 
Notes: 
(1)80% of the Construction Department is moved to the cost of units in 2011 and 2012. 
EFTA00730229
--- PAGE 5 ---
South Padre Island -
Assumptions 
Bulk Sales 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Total 
# of acres sold 
pnce per acre 
$257.500 
0.75 
$265,225 
0.75 
$273.182 
0.75 
$281.377 
0.75 
$289.819 
0.75 
$298.513 
0.75 
4307.468 
0.75 
$316.693 
0.75 
$326.193 
0.75 
$335,979 
Lots 
Lakewood Lots 
# of lots sold 
Average Sales Price 
$32.000 
# of lots developed 
Average Development Cost 
Release price 
13.750 
Inventory 12131 
Density 
3.2 
0.6 
a of acres sold 
0.6 
Cumulative 
Small Las - 65 x 125 
192 
# of lots sold 
Average Sales Price 
445.000 
$46,350 
$49,131 
$52,079 
453.641 
$55.250 
$56,908 
$58.615 
$60.374 
$62,185 
# of lots developed 
187 
Average Development Cost 
$15.415 
$15,877 
$16.354 
$16.844 
417.350 
$17.870 
418.406 
$18.959 
$19.527 
$20,113 
Release price (1 Free Lot) 
17.363 
17,884 
18.420 
18.973 
19.542 
20.128 
20.732 
21.354 
21.995 
22,655 
Inventory 1231 
Density 
3.2 
it of acres sold 
1.6 
4.7 
6.3 
6.3 
6.9 
6.9 
6.9 
6.9 
6.9 
6.9 
Cumulative 
1.6 
6.3 
12.5 
18.8 
25.6 
32.5 
39.4 
46.3 
53.1 
60.0 
Sc Lots 80 x ISO 
111 
# of lots sold 
Average Sales Price 
$65.000 
$66,950 
$70,967 
975,225 
75.225 
75.225 
75.225 
75.225 
75.225 
75,225 
# of lots developed 
Average Development Cost 
$20.600 
$21,218 
421.855 
$22.510 
423.185 
$23.881 
$24,597 
$25.335 
$26.095 
$26,878 
Release price 
32.600 
33,578 
34.585 
35.623 
36.692 
37.792 
38.926 
40.094 
41297 
42,536 
Inventory 12/31 
Density 
1.3 
it of acres sold 
6.9 
7.7 
7.7 
7.7 
9.2 
9.2 
9.2 
9.2 
9.2 
9.2 
Cumulative 
6.9 
14.6 
22.3 
30.0 
39.2 
48.5 
57.7 
66.9 
76.2 
85.4 
it of lots sold 
305 
Cumulative 
101 
135 
169 
203 
237 
271 
305 
it of acres sold in lots 
145 
Cumulative 
113 
129 
145 
Average Lot Price 
54.625 
54,590 
56.410 
59.794 
61.259 
62.300 
63.373 
64.477 
65,615 
66,787 
EFTA00730230
--- PAGE 6 ---
South Padre Island -
Assumptions 
Vertical 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Total 
Casitas ( 5 unds. 14 paths 
it of units sold 
123 
Average Sales Price 
$113.000 
$116,390 
$123.373 
$130,776 
$134,699 
$138.740 
4142.902 
$147.189 
$151,605 
$156,153 
it of units developed 
120 
Average Devebpment Cost 
$88.679 
$91,339 
$94,080 
$96,902 
$99,809 
$102.803 
4105.887 
8109.064 
4112.336 
$115,706 
Release price 
96.293 
99,182 
102.157 
105.222 
108.379 
111.630 
114.979 
118.428 
121.981 
125,641 
Inventory 12/31 
Density 
of acres sold 
0.6 
2.4 
2.4 
2.4 
2.8 
2.8 
2.8 
2.8 
2.8 
2.8 
Cumulative 
0.6 
3.0 
5.4 
7.8 
10.6 
13.4 
16.2 
19.0 
21.8 
24.6 
Was (5 units. 44 pedal 
128 
it of units sold 
Average Sales Price 
$182.857 
$188,343 
$199,643 
$211,622 
$217,971 
$224.510 
$231,245 
4238.182 
$245,328 
$252,688 
it of units developed 
124 
Average Devebpment Cost 
$124.686 
$128,427 
$132.279 
$136.248 
$162,684 
$167.564 
4172.591 
4177.769 
$183,102 
$188,595 
Release price 
$135.080 
$139,132 
$143,306 
$147.606 
$152,034 
$156.595 
$161,293 
§166.131 
4171.115 
$176249 
Inventory 12,31 
I 
I 
Density 
p of acres sold 
2.0 
3.0 
3.0 
3.0 
3.5 
3.5 
3.5 
3.5 
3.5 
3.5 
Cumulative 
2.0 
5.0 
8.0 
11.0 
14.5 
18.0 
21.5 
25.0 
28.5 
32.0 
Marion& -II unit, 24 nada) 
it of units sold 
Average Sales Price 
$260.000 
$267,800 
$283.868 
$300,900 
$309,927 
$319.225 
4328.802 
8338.666 
4348.826 
$359,290 
it of units developed 
I 
Average Devebpment Cost 
$162.189 
$167,055 
$172.066 
$206.906 
$213,113 
$219.506 
4226.091 
4232.874 
4239.860 
$247,056 
Release price 
$200.000 
$206,000 
$212.180 
$217.251 
$223,769 
$230.482 
4237.396 
4244.518 
4251.853 
$259,409 
Inventory 12/31 
I 
I 
I 
Density 
2.5 
p of acres sold 
1.2 
3.2 
3.2 
4.0 
4.0 
4.0 
4.0 
4.0 
4.0 
4.0 
Cumulative 
liKlagi - COS cre 
it of units sold 
1.2 
4.4 
7.6 
11.6 
15.6 
19.6 
23.6 
27.6 
31.6 
35.6 
Is 
Average Sales Price 
$285.000 
$293,550 
$302.357 
$311.427 
it of units developed 
Average Devebpment Cost 
$185,658 
$185,658 
$191,227 
$196.964 
Release price 
$195.000 
$200,850 
$206.876 
$213.082 
Inventory 12/31 
I 
Density 
p of acres sold 
0.8 
0.8 
0.4 
Cumulative 
0.8 
1.5 
1.9 
1.9 
1.9 
1.9 
1.9 
1.9 
1.9 
1.9 
it of vertical units sold 
355 
Cumulative 
127 
165 
203 
241 
279 
317 
355 
it of acres sold in vertical 
Cumulative 
Average Unit Price 
214.593 
198,960 
201.549 
209.346 
211.491 
217.835 
224.371 
231.102 
238.035 
245,176 
EFTA00730231
--- PAGE 7 ---
South Padre Island 
Championship Course 
Base Case 
Budgeted 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020-2011 
Total 
Public Rounds 
22.095 
22.595 
22.795 
22.995 
23.195 
23.395 
23.000 
23.000 
23.000 
23.000 
Member Rounds 
10.400 
9.160 
9.640 
10.936 
12.376 
13.912 
15.544 
17.272 
19.000 
20.728 
Total Paid Rounds 
32.495 
31.755 
32.435 
33.931 
35.571 
37.307 
38.544 
40.272 
42.000 
43.728 
Average Rate 
$37.08 
$39.93 
$40.91 
$41.47 
$42.03 
$42.59 
$43.00 
$43.53 
$44.12 
$44.77 
Revenue 
Greens Fees 
1.009.690 
1,063,515 
1,105,117 
1.148.257 
1.192.991 
1.239.376 
1.255.004 
1.292.654 
1.331.434 
1.371.377 
12.009,417 
Annual Membership Income 
195.080 
204,505 
221.678 
259.024 
301.925 
349.579 
402.306 
460.440 
521.701 
586.223 
3.502,461 
Trail and Cart Fees 
63.198 
63.612 
66.923 
72.110 
77.863 
84.113 
89.509 
96.328 
103.475 
110.964 
828,094 
Other Income 
110.087 
113,390 
116.791 
120.295 
123.904 
127.621 
131.450 
135.393 
139.455 
143.639 
1.262,024 
Total Course Income 
1.378.055 
1,445,021 
1,510,508 
1.599.686 
1.696.684 
1.800.690 
1.878.269 
1.984.816 
2.096.065 
2.212.202 
17.601,995 
Pro Shop Sales 
244.315 
245,914 
258.715 
278.767 
301.008 
325.170 
346.030 
372.389 
400.019 
428.971 
3.201.299 
Pro Shop Cost of Sales 
(168.221) 
(169,322) 
(178,136) 
(191.943) 
(207.257) 
(223.893) 
(238.256) 
(256.406) 
(275.430) 
(295.365) 
(2.204.227) 
Pro Shop Other Expenses 
(130.137) 
(134,041) 
(138,062) 
(142.204) 
(146.470) 
(150.864) 
(155.390) 
(160.052) 
(164.854) 
(169.799) 
(1.491,875) 
Net Pro Shop 
(54.043) 
(57,449) 
(57.483) 
(55.380) 
(52.719) 
(49.588) 
(47.616) 
(44.068) 
(40.264) 
(36.192) 
(494,803) 
Food & Beverage Sales 
298.661 
300,615 
316.264 
340.777 
367.965 
397.501 
423.002 
455.225 
489.000 
524.393 
3.913,404 
Food & Bev. Cost of Sales 
(129.177) 
(130,022) 
(136,791) 
(147.393) 
(159.153) 
(171.927) 
(182.957) 
(196.894) 
(211.503) 
(226.811) 
(1.692,627) 
Food & Bev. Other Exp. 
(193.016) 
(198,806) 
(204,771) 
(210.914) 
(217.241) 
(223.758) 
(230.471) 
(237.385) 
(244.507) 
(251.842) 
(2.212,712) 
Net Food & Beverage 
(23.532) 
(28.213) 
(25.297) 
(17.530) 
(8.428) 
1.815 
9.574 
20.945 
32.991 
45.740 
8.064 
Adjusted Gross Revenue 
1.300.480 
1,359,358 
1,427,728 
1.526.777 
1.635.537 
1.752.918 
1.840.226 
1.961.693 
2.088.791 
2.221.750 
17.115.257 
Expenses 
Golf Maintenance/ Additional Grow-In 
662.967 
682,856 
703.342 
724.442 
746.175 
768.560 
791.617 
815.366 
839.827 
865.022 
7.600,174 
Clubhouse Operations 
69.340 
71.420 
73.563 
75.770 
78.043 
80.384 
82.796 
85.279 
87.838 
90.473 
794,905 
Carts/Range/Bag Room 
190.604 
196,322 
202.212 
208.278 
214.526 
220.962 
227.591 
234.419 
241.451 
248.695 
2.185,061 
G & A 
472.217 
486,384 
500.975 
516.004 
531.484 
547.429 
563.852 
580.767 
598.190 
616.136 
5.413,439 
Marketing 
62.136 
64.000 
65.920 
67.898 
69.935 
72.033 
74.194 
76.419 
78.712 
81.073 
712,320 
Management Fee 
141.181 
145,416 
149.779 
154.272 
158.900 
163.667 
168.577 
173.635 
178.844 
184.209 
1.618,482 
Taxes & Insurance (incl in G&A) 
Project Level Allocation 
Total Expenses 
1.598.445 
1,646,398 
1,695,790 
1.746.664 
1.799.064 
1.853.036 
1.908.627 
1.965.886 
2.024.862 
2.085.608 
18.324,381 
Operating Net Cash Flow 
(297,965) 
(287,040) 
(268,062) 
(219,887) 
(163,527) 
(100,118) 
(68,401) 
(4,193) 
63,929 
136,142 
(1,209,124) 
Depreciation 
(140.184) 
(125,000) 
(125,000) 
(125.000) 
(125.000) 
(125.000) 
(125.000) 
(125.000) 
(125.000) 
(125,000) 
(1.265.184) 
Projected profit or (Loss) 
(438,149) 
(412,040) 
(393,062) 
(344,887) 
(288,527) 
(225,118) 
(193,401) 
(129,193) 
(61,071) 
11,142 
(2,474,308) 
EFTA00730232
--- PAGE 8 ---
Assumptions: 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Outside Average Rate 
$45.70 
$47.07 
$48.48 
$49.94 
$51.43 
$52.98 
$54.57 
$56.20 
$57.89 
$59.63 
Cart and Trail Fees per Round 
$1.94 
$2.00 
$2.06 
$2.13 
$2.19 
$2.25 
$2.32 
$2.39 
$2.46 
$2.54 
Card Member - Assumes 30% of new purchasers join 
# of Card Members Average 
112.5 
114.5 
120.5 
136.7 
154.7 
173.9 
194.3 
215.9 
237.5 
259.1 
Price of Memberships Average 
$1.734.04 
$1.786.07 
$1,839.65 
$1.894.84 
$1.951.68 
$2.010.23 
$2.070.54 
$2.132.66 
$2.196.64 
$2.262.53 
Round per Member Average 
92.4 
80.0 
80.0 
80.0 
80.0 
80.0 
80.0 
80.0 
80.0 
80.0 
Pro Shop Sales per Round 
$7.52 
$7.74 
$7.98 
$8.22 
$8.46 
$8.72 
$8.98 
$9.25 
$9.52 
$9.81 
Pro Shop Cost of Sales 
69% 
69% 
69% 
69% 
69% 
69% 
69% 
69% 
69% 
69% 
Food 8, Bev. Sales Per Round 
$9.19 
$9.47 
$9.75 
$10.04 
$10.34 
$10.65 
$10.97 
$11.30 
$11.64 
$11.99 
F & B Cost of Sales 
43% 
43% 
43% 
43% 
43% 
43% 
43% 
43% 
43% 
43% 
General Inflation 
3.00% 
Inflation on Membership 
3.00% 
Total 
EFTA00730233

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730234.pdf
----------------------------------------
Act 2 Technologies 
Pro Forma Financial and Economic Model 
Size Ratios 
Revenues 
Total Assets 
Total Shareholders' Equity 
Liquidity Ratios 
Working Capital 
Operating Working Capital 
2010 
$ 
3.150.000 
$ 
1,046,507 
$ 
(543,860) 
2010 
$ 
500.356 
$ 
325.356 
2011 
$ 
6.489.000 
$ 
1.575.310 
$ 
(468,059) 
2011 
$ 
772,349 
$ 
670,234 
2012 
$ 
13.367.310 
$ 
2.750.864 
$ 
826,483 
2012 
$ 
1.473.028 
$ 
1.380.681 
2013 
$ 
26.734.680 
$ 
7.229.712 
$ 
5.378.524 
2013 
$ 
5.128.524 
$ 
4.660.157 
2014 
$ 
10.102.020 
$ 
15.751.990 
$ 
13.081.867 
2014 
$ 
12.831.867 
$ 
12.229.827 
2015 
$ 
60.153.030 
$ 
29.170.460 
$ 
25.275.167 
2015 
$ 
25.025.167 
$ 
24.322.872 
Current Ratio 
$ 
2.7 $ 
2.4 $ 
2.4 $ 
3.8 $ 
5.8 $ 
7.4 
Quick Ratio 
$ 
2.2 $ 
1.9 $ 
1.9 $ 
$ 
$ 
6.8 
Efficiency Ratios 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
Days Sales Outstanding 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
Days Inventory on Hand 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
Days Payables Outstanding 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
Cash Conversion Cycle 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
45.0 
OWC / Sales 
10.3% 
10.3% 
10.3% 
17.4% 
30.5% 
40.4% 
Change in Owc / Sales 
na 
5.3% 
5.3% 
12.3% 
18.9% 
20.1% 
Sales/ net Fixed Assets 
12.6 
26.0 
53.5 
106.9 
160.4 
240.6 
Sales/ Total Assets 
3.0 
4.1 
4.9 
3.7 
2.5 
2.1 
Profitability 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
Gross Margin 
65.7% 
65.9% 
66.0% 
66.1% 
66.3% 
66.4% 
EBIT Margin 
-17.3% 
1.3% 
16.3% 
27.7% 
31.4% 
33.5% 
EBITDA Margin 
-11.6% 
4.9% 
18.2% 
28.5% 
31.6% 
33.5% 
Net Margin 
-17.3% 
1.3% 
9.9% 
17.4% 
19.6% 
20.7% 
Sales/ (AR+Inv+Net Fixed Assets) 
1.1 
4.9 
5.4 
5.7 
5.8 
5.9 
EBIT / Total Invested Capital 
-39.6% 
14.1% 
83.5% 
102.5% 
79.1% 
68.2% 
Return of Average Common Equity 
neg 
-16.2% 
700.0% 
150.0% 
85.3% 
65.1% 
Return on Average Assets 
-52.0% 
6.3% 
61.3% 
93.3% 
68.6% 
55.6% 
Leverage 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
Total Debt/ Shareholders' Equity 
-292.4% 
-436.6% 
232.8% 
34.4% 
20.4% 
15.4% 
Net Debt! Sharehoiders'Equity 
-241.9% 
-382.7% 
197.5% 
22.0% 
14.3% 
11.8% 
Total Debt/ Total Invested Capital 
-292.4% 
-436.6% 
232.8% 
34.4% 
20.4% 
15.4% 
Bank Debt / EBITDA 
Senior Debt! EBITDA 
Total Debt/ EBITDA 
-4A 
6.4 
0.8 
0.2 
0.2 
0.2 
Net Debt! EBITDA 
-3.6 
5.6 
0.7 
0.2 
0.1 
0.1 
Coverage 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
EBIT/ Interes1 Expense 
-3.2 
1.6 
19.2 
165.4 
IDIV/0! 
#DIVl0! 
EBITDA/ cash interest expense 
-2.8 
2.3 
20.4 
169.8 
IDIV/0! 
#DIVl0! 
(EBITDA - capex)/ cash rereslexp 
-3.2 
1.6 
19.2 
165.4 
IDIV/0! 
#DIVl0! 
Operating Cash Row/ Total Debt 
-8.1% 
38.9% 
187.7% 
250.8% 
273.4% 
Operating Cash Flow! Net Debt 
-9.2% 
45.9% 
293.7% 
358.5% 
355.8% 
Operating Cash Flow/ Avg Total Liabs 
-9.1% 
37.8% 
184.0% 
296.3% 
324.4% 
Common Size Income Statement 
Income Statement 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
Revenues 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
COGS 
34.3% 
34.1% 
34.0% 
33.9% 
33.7% 
33.6% 
Gross Profit 
65.7% 
65.9% 
66.0% 
66.1% 
66.3% 
66.4% 
SG&A 
72.8% 
58.2% 
45.9% 
36.2% 
33.4% 
31.7% 
Operating Expenses 
4.5% 
2.7% 
1.9% 
1.4% 
1.3% 
1.2% 
EBITDA 
-11.6% 
4.9% 
18.2% 
28.5% 
31.6% 
33.5% 
Depreciation 
1.6% 
1.5% 
1.0% 
0.8% 
0.5% 
0.4% 
Amort of Intangibles 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
EMT 
-13.2% 
3.4% 
17.2% 
27.7% 
31.1% 
33.1% 
Non-oper Expense 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Interest Income 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.1% 
0.3% 
0.5% 
Interest Expense 
4.1% 
2.1% 
0.9% 
0.2% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
EBT 
-17.3% 
1.3% 
16.3% 
27.7% 
31.4% 
33.5% 
Provision for Taxes 
0.0% 
0.0% 
6.4% 
10.3% 
11.7% 
12.8% 
Net Income 
-17.3% 
1.3% 
9.9% 
17.4% 
19.6% 
20.7% 
Dividends 
0.0% 
0.1% 
0.2% 
0.4% 
0.4% 
0.5% 
Net to Retained Earnings 
-17.3% 
1.2% 
9.7% 
17.0% 
19.2% 
20.3% 
EFTA00730234

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730235.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730235.pdf
----------------------------------------
"Squawk Box" Interview Theme 
In my personal, professional, and philanthropic endeavors, the theme that ties everything together 
is my awareness of the ubiquity of risk and the centrality of averting it, i.e., assuring safety. 
1. 
On Being An Immigrant 
a. 
My experience as a refugee, having to leave everything we had behind in Nazi 
Germany and arriving in the United States essentially penniless, was a formative 
one. 
b. 
Being so close to losing everything, including one's life, has formed the anxiety 
against which my desire for safety struggled. 
c. 
As a result, I have pursued my passions - for psychiatry, for precious metals 
trading, for commodities, and for scholar rescue — with both enthusiasm and my 
ever-present sense of danger — danger that someday everything will be lost 
unless I struggle to keep it safe. 
2. 
On Scholar Rescue Fund 
a. 
My background as both a refugee and a scholar suited me to take on the task of 
establishing an organization within the Institute of International Education (IIE) to 
provide safe haven to threatened scholars. 
b. 
The Institute itself runs the Fulbright program on behalf of the US Department of 
State (two Fulbright alumni won the Nobel Prize last week), as well as many other 
exchange programs. Since 1919, it has also operated ad-hoc to rescue students 
and scholars from world crises and repressive governments, most famously the 
drama in Nazi Germany, when hundreds of high-level scholars were expelled 
from Europe and re-settled in America and elsewhere, thanks to IIE and its 
then-Assistant Director, Edward R. Murrow. These included some of the world's 
best minds, including Nobel Prize winners Thomas Mann, Max Delbruck, and 
Felix Bloch.. 
c. 
In 2002, with the help of Henry Kaufman, Tom Russo, and George Soros, we 
established the Scholar Rescue Fund. 
d. 
So far, we have rescued 368 professors from 43 countries — academics who have 
been imprisoned, beaten, and threatened with death as a result of their academic 
work. 
e. 
Ron Baron and Baron Capital has helped us greatly in these efforts, faithfully 
contributing since 2004. 
EFTA00730235
--- PAGE 2 ---
f. 
We have also encountered 
g. 
For example, SRF has rescued 200 very senior, highly threatened scholars from 
Iraq. Iran may well be the next crisis on the horizon. It is truly amazing -- and 
disheartening -- how many countries in the world persecute their scholars — we 
have had over 2,500 applicants from more than 100 countries in our 8 years of 
operation. 
h. 
We have raised an endowment of $25 million so far, but scholar oppression is 
unfortutu
—Wleprgrowth-industrsvatutvrflave-more-busmess-than-wetnitMle. 
We need at least $50 million so we are sure there will always be a place to which 
threatened scholars can turn to pursue their work in freedom and safely. 
Three examples: 
(1) 
When violence targeting ethnic Uzbeks broke out in southern Kyrgyzstan 
in June 2010, SRF received an appeal for support from an ethnic-Uzbek 
Kyrgyz scholar barricaded in his home with his young family as his 
neighborhood fell to violence that would take thousands of lives. An 
emergency SRF grant provided for his immediate departure. He and his 
family arrived at Stanford University in late August 2010 and he now 
writes without fear on legal issues in Central Asia. 
(2) 
(3) 
A political scientist who writes on political and armed conflicts in one of 
the most dangerous corners of the world was threatened with death on 
multiple occasions : in the Democratic Republic of Congo. With SRF 
support, the scholar managed to flee his home country shortly before a 
resurgence in widespread violence, and quickly resumed his SRF 
fellowship at a research center in Senegal where he has completed research 
on the ethnicization and sexualization of the armed conflicts in eastern 
D.R.C. 
An Iraqi geneticist is renowned for her groundbreaking work on a common 
genetic blood disorder in Iraq perpetuated by family marriage. Her work 
in this area prompted death threats from extremist groups on her university 
campus in Baghdad. Assassination attempts ultimately forced her and her 
family into exile. She is now in safety at a university in Italy since August 
2009 and she is now leading genetic research related to the Marsh Arab 
population of southern Iraq, the area desiccated in a campaign by Saddam 
Hussein during the 1990s. She and a delegation of Iraqi researchers are 
now coming to a major genetics conference in the U.S. where she is 
presenting her latest findings. 
EFTA00730236
--- PAGE 3 ---
3. 
Investment Management and Asset Allocation 
The firm I founded in 1992, Gresham Investment Management, is also concerned with 
risk and safety -- in terms of preserving wealth and decreasing risk to the individual and 
institutional investor. 
Gralmfmftvitly anagerapproxittlatelylltbiltioninlongzonly;tullyeblimir , 
diversified commodity futures strategies. We manage our programs for more than 1,000 
clients, both foreign-based and domestic, and in 2010 Pensions & Investments named 
Gresham the largest commodities manager of U.S. institutional assets. 
The strategy I formulated to invest in commodities, which we call the Tangible Asset 
Program, or TAP, has found wide acceptance among investors who understand the power 
and importance of portfolio diversification. 
A decade ago, there was in the total market less than $10 billion devoted to commodities 
as an investment vehicle; today that figure surpasses $300 billion. 
This phenomenal growth reflects the increasing recognition that one of the most effective 
ways to preserve wealth and decrease the risk of ruin is to invest in the widest possible 
range of assets with positive but non-correlated returns; commodity investments thus 
belong among traditional portfolio allocations such as equities, real estate, and bonds. 
But, in addition to improving risk-adjusted returns (that is to say increasing the amount of 
return per unit of risk), commodities can also protect portfolios against the ravages of 
inflation and continued US Dollar weakness. 
My other activities, in psychiatry and biotechnology are equally skewed to the risk and 
safety continuum but - - enough for now. 
HATypinOVPlSquawk Box Talk-102110.wpd 
102110/mm0B 
EFTA00730237

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730238.pdf
----------------------------------------
Curriculum Vitae 
ALE XA N. STALEY 
EDUCATION 
Bowdoin College Brunswick, ME 
• BA in Mathematics and in Physics expected May 2011 
• Current GPA: 3.846 
• Tutored Mathematics for Bowdoin's Quantitative Skills program 
• Secretary of SPS 
• Academic Awards: The Edwin Herbert Hall Prize in Physics 
• Scholarships: Clare Boothe Lice Research Scholars Program 
The Chapin School New York, NY 
• Graduated with GPA: 4.0 
• Tutored Students in Spanish 
• Academic Awards: Latin, Biology, Bausch and Lomb Honorary Science Award from the University of Rochester. Meritorious in 
the COMAP thirty-six hours Mathematics competition 
Otago Univeristy Dunedin, New Zealand 
• Junior year semester abroad studying quantum physics and analysis 
Gravitational Wave Summer School South Padre Island, TX 
• Attended a two week program where we studied General Relativity and learned about Laser Interferometers for gravitational wave 
detection 
RESEARCH 
Honors Project Department of Physics and Astronomy Brunswick, ME 
June 2010-May 2011 
• Participating in a research project involving Numerical Relativity under the guidance of Professor Thomas W. Baumgarte 
• Analyzing the Oppenheimer-Snyder dust cloud collapse in the moving-puncture coordinate system 
CONFERENCES 
The Physics of the Universe Summit Los Angeles, CA 
January 8th-lOth, 2010 
• Attended a conference hosted by Caltech which aimed to discuss questions like "How such can we understand about the universe, 
soon?" and "What is the role of theory and of experiment in getting there?" 
• Participants included: Lisa Randall, Kip Thome, Lawrence Krauss, Maria Spiropulu 
SPEC IA LS KILLS 
• Experience with Mathematica, MatLab, C++, Fortran 90. gnuplot. Supermongo, Blueiay, Bloomberg, Excel, and Powerpoint 
• Fluent in Portuguese 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Tudor Investment Capital Greenwich, CT 
June-August 2008 
Commodities Intern 
• Interned at a hedge fund, doing research for the Commodities group 
• Created a report on speculative trading activity in gold and broad commodities and participated in a trading competition 
Spinnaker Captial London, England 
June-August 2007 
Summer Intern 
• Interned at a hedge fund, shadowing their quantitative representative and assisting him with Excel spreadsheets 
• Assisted in cakulating the risks for pools of collateralized debt obligations and participated in negotiations with counter parties 
EFTA00730238
--- PAGE 2 ---
Aceco Ti Sao Paulo, Brazil 
Summer Intern 
• Interned at an engineering firm, assisting primarily in electrical and mechanical engineering 
June-August 2006 
LACE Sao Paulo, Brazil 
June-August 2005 
Mentor 
• Worked with unprivileged children and introduced them to other cultures, specifically that of the American culture 
Project Sunshine New York, NY 
Volunteer 
• Volunteer assistant at non-profit organization for kids with cancer 
July 2004 
EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
• Bowdoin College Varsity Indoor/Outdoor Track and Field 
• Participated in the Newport-Bermuda Sa0ung Race, the Round the Island sailing race in Whales. England, and the Opera House 
sailing race in Nantucket 
• NYSAIS 400meter Hurdles Championship Record Holder 
EFTA00730239

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730240.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA.
DIVISION "W" 
IN RE: 
IN-HOUSE ARREST AND 
WORK RELEASE PROGRAMS 
DIVISION "W' CASES 
AMENDED ORDER RE: IN-HOUSE ARREST AND WORK RELEASE 
The Sheriff of Palm Beach County is authorized to establish criteria for the 
consideration and review of inmates requesting the Work Release and In-House Arrest 
Programs while serving time in the Palm Beach County Detention Center or Stockade 
having been sentenced in this Divislcir;Persons admitted to either program shall be at the 
sole discretion of the Sheriff and his staff in determining their suitability. 
The undersigned takes no position with respect to the eligibility of any inmate 
sentenced in this Division unless specifically stated at time of sentencing. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers, at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this the 11th day of March, 2005, nunc pro tunc to February 17, 2005. 
S;GNE..D AND DATED 
p 
- 
P:rnr 
SANDRA K. McSORLEY 
Circuit Judge 
JUDGE SANDRA K. McSORLEY 
copies furnished: 
State Attorney for Division SW", via inter-office mail 
Public Defender for Division 'W", via inter-office mail 
D/S E. Sobrino, 673 West Fairgrounds Road, West Palm Beach, FL 33411 
EFTA00730240

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730241.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730241.pdf
----------------------------------------
Eu EAST WE ST BANK 
PROPERTY ADDRESS: 
786-810 East Pico Boulevard. Los Angeles. CA 90021 
The subject property, known as Stanford Regency Plaza is located in the Fashion District area of 
Downtown Los Angeles. The subject site is bounded by Pico Boulevard on the north, Stanford 
Avenue on the east and 14th Street on the south. 
PROPERTY TYPE/ DESCRIPTION 
NUMBER OF BUILDING/UNITS/SIZE 
131 commercial condominium units on 3-level plus one rooftop 
office over 4 subterranean levels with one-level of "basement" 
commercial and 3-level of parking 
Unit sizes range approximately 600 to 1,900 SF with an average 
of 1,113 SF totaling 148,076 SF of gross leasable area. 
ZONING 
M2-2D (light Industrial) 
APN: 5132-019-038; 039 & 040 
PARKING 
367-space 
PROJECT COMPLETION % 
80% as of 09/18/09 
Aggregate Retail: $78,600,000 
APPRAISAL VALUE as of 10/26/2006 
Bulk Sale: $69,030,000 
Stabilized: $72,870,000 
TOTAL FACILITY 
$47,500,000 
EAST WEST BANK PORTION-30% 
$14,250,000 
EAST WEST BANK BALANCE 
$11,849.163.61 as of 10/16/09 
NOTE DATE 
03/13/07
MATURITY DATE 
01/27/10
INTEREST RATE / DEFAULT RATE 
6-mo. LIBOR + 5.75% / Add 5.00% margin 
FLOOR RATE 
7.0%
NOD DATE 
N/A
Borrower: Stanford Regency Plaza. LLC 
Loan Number: 90000029022 
EFTA00730241

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730242.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730242.pdf
----------------------------------------
MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT 
This Mortgage Loan Purchase and Sale Agreement ("Agreement") is dated as of 
the 8th day of September, 2010, by and between EAST WEST BANK, a California banking 
corporation (on its own behalf, and as assignee of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
("FDIC"), as Receiver of United Commercial Bank, a California banking corporation ("UCB"), 
collectively, "Seller"), and NEW STANFORD REGENCY VENTURE, LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company, as Buyer ("Buyer"). 
RECITA L& 
A. 
Seller is the current owner and holder of a seventy percent interest (70%) 
in that certain Mortgage Loan made by UCB to Stanford Regency Plaza, LLC, a California 
limited liability company ("Borrower") in the aggregate principal amount of $49,500,000 (the 
"Mortgage Loan"), pursuant to the terms of a certain Construction Mortgage Loan Agreement 
dated as of February 27, 2007, between UCB and Borrower (the "Mortgage Loan Agreement"). 
B. 
The Mortgage Loan is evidenced by those certain promissory notes more 
particularly described on Schedule A attached hereto and made a part hereof (collectively, the 
"Notes"), executed by Borrower in favor of UCB, and secured by, inter alia, a Deed of Trust 
dated as of February 27, 2007 (the "Deed of Trust"), executed by Borrower for the benefit of 
UCB, which encumbers the land and improvements described therein (collectively, the 
"Property"). 
The Deed of Trust was recorded on March 13, 2007, as Instrument No. 
20070551699 in the Official Records of Los Angeles County, California (the "Public Records"). 
C. 
The Notes are further secured by, inter alia, (i) an Absolute Assignment of 
Leases, Lease Guaranties, Rents, Issues and Profits dated as of February 27, 2007, made by 
Borrower in favor of UCB (the "Assignment of Rents"), and recorded on March 13, 2007 as 
Instrument No. 20070551700 in the Public Records, (ii) those certain guaranties more 
particularly described on Schedule A attached hereto here and made a part hereof made by the 
guarantors described therein (each, a "Guarantor") for the benefit of UCB (collectively, the 
"Guaranties") and (iii) certain other collateral pledged by the Borrower, Guarantors, certain 
other parties and/or their respective principals (collectively, the "Collateral"). 
D. 
The Mortgage Loan Agreement, the Notes, the Deed of Trust, the 
Assignment of Rents, Guaranties, and the Collateral, together with any and all other instruments 
and documents evidencing and/or securing the Mortgage Loan, and each of the foregoing as 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, are hereinafter collectively referred to as 
the "Mortgage Loan Documents." The Mortgage Loan Documents are more particularly 
described on Schedule A attached hereto here and made a part hereof. 
E. 
Borrower has defaulted under the Mortgage Loan and Seller commenced 
foreclosure proceedings under the Deed of Trust including but not limited to a foreclosure action 
(the "Foreclosure Action"), captioned East West Bank, etc., v. Benhoor Hanasabzadeh, etc., 
Stanford Regency Plaza. LLC. et. al., Case No. SC106393, by filing a Summons, Complaint and 
Notice of Pendency in the Superior Court of Los Angeles County, State of California (the 
"Court"). 
IIF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730242
--- PAGE 2 ---
F. 
On or about August 24, 2010, Borrower filed bankruptcy under Chapter 
of the Bankruptcy Code ("Bankruptcy Action"). 
G. 
Pursuant to the terms of a certain Construction Mortgage Loan 
Participation Agreement dated as of February 27, 2007 (the "Participation Agreement"), 
between UCB, Seller and Preferred Bank, a California banking corporation, ("PB"), PB is the 
current owner and holder of the remaining thirty percent (30%) interest in the Mortgage Loan 
(the "PB Interest"), and Buyer is presently negotiating the terms of an agreement to purchase 
the PB Interest from PB (the "PB Contract"). 
H. 
Buyer wishes to purchase, and Seller wishes to sell and assign, all of the 
Seller's right, title and interest in the Mortgage Loan, the Mortgage Loan Documents 
Foreclosure Action and the Bankruptcy Action, together with all claims or rights Seller may have 
against Borrower thereunder (collectively, the "Seller Interest"), upon the terms and conditions 
set forth in this Agreement. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, the promises herein 
contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, the parties do hereby agree as follows: 
1. 
Sale of Seller Interest; Assignment of Foreclosure Action and the Bankruptcy 
Action. 
Subject to the terms, conditions, representations and warranties set forth in this 
Agreement, on the Closing Date (hereinafter defined), Seller shall sell, transfer and assign to 
Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from Seller, the Seller Interest in the Mortgage Loan and the 
Mortgage Loan Documents. 
2. 
Purchase Price. The purchase price to be paid for the Seller Interest shall be 
ELEVEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND and 00/100 DOLLARS 
($11,550,000.00) (the "Purchase Price"), which shall be payable as follows: 
a. 
Upon mutual execution of this Agreement, Buyer shall be deliver the Deposit 
(hereinafter defined) to Seller as provided herein. Upon the delivery of the Confirmation Notice 
(hereinafter defined) to Seller, the Deposit will be retained by Seller to reimburse it for its 
administrative, opportunity and other costs in connection with this transaction if this transaction 
does not close by the Closing Date due to Buyer's failure to perform Buyer's obligations under 
this Agreement; and provided Seller is not in default of its obligations hereunder. The Deposit 
shall be paid to Seller as follows: 
(i) 
ONE MILLION ONE HUNDRED FIFTY FIVE THOUSAND and 00/100 
DOLLARS ($1,155,000.00) (the "Deposit") shall be delivered in cash payment to 
Seller upon mutual execution hereof; or 
(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Seller 
acknowledges and agrees that Buyer shall have the option, in lieu of delivering to 
Seller a cash payment in the amount of the Deposit, to pledge to Seller that certain 
Account at East West Bank (the "Account"), which maintains a balance in an amount 
equal to the Deposit, as more fully identified in that certain Pledge Agreement dated as 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730243
--- PAGE 3 ---
of the date hereof in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G (the "Pledge"), in full 
satisfaction of its obligation to deliver to Seller the Deposit. Pursuant to the terms of 
the Pledge, the Account shall be immediately pledged to Seller upon mutual execution 
hereof for the duration of the Due Diligence Period (hereinafter defined), provided, 
however, that neither Buyer nor Seller shall have the right to withdraw any funds from 
the Account during the Due Diligence Period. In the event Buyer elects to continue 
with the purchase of the Seller Interest and delivers to Seller a Confirmation Notice 
(hereinafter defined) in accordance with Section 3(b) below, then, simultaneously with 
the delivery of the Confirmation Notice to Seller, Buyer shall deliver to Seller a 
payment in cash in the amount of the Deposit, in which event the Pledge shall 
automatically terminate and Seller shall have no further rights or interests in the 
Account. If Buyer fails to deliver a Confirmation Notice prior to the expiration of the 
Due Diligence Period, the Pledge shall automatically terminate together with this 
Agreement in accordance with Section 3(b) below and Seller shall have no further 
rights or interests in the Pledge or the Account. 
b. 
At Closing, the Purchase Price less the Deposit, shall be paid by Buyer to Seller 
by wire transfer of immediately available federal funds to one or more accounts at such bank or 
banks as shall be designated by Seller by notice to Buyer prior to the Closing. 
c. 
Seller agrees to sell, and Buyer agrees to purchase, the Seller Interest, without 
recourse and pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The Mortgage Loan is in default and 
Seller makes no representation regarding any implied waivers, releases or similar defenses 
regarding the Mortgage Loan, nor does Seller make any representations as to assessments or real 
property taxes, except that Seller agrees to pay its 70% share of outstanding assessments and real 
property taxes with respect to the Property, together with any and all penalties and interest 
thereon, that shall have accrued prior to the Closing only. Buyer agrees that, except as expressly 
contained in this Agreement, no representations by or on behalf of Seller have been made to 
Buyer as to the condition of the Property, any restrictions related to the rehabilitation of the 
Property, the applicability of or compliance with any governmental requirements, including but 
not limited to environmental requirements; pertaining to the Property, or the suitability of the 
Mortgaged Property for any purpose whatsoever. Buyer represents to Seller that prior to the 
Closing Buyer will make its own independent investigation of the Property. 
3. 
Due Diligence. 
a. 
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 3, during the Due Diligence 
Period (as hereinafter defined), Buyer shall perform, at Buyer's sole cost and expense, its due 
diligence review, examination and inspection of all matters relating to the Mortgage Loan, the 
Loan Documents, the Foreclosure Action and the Property. The "Due Diligence Period" shall 
mean the period commencing upon mutual execution hereof and expiring at 5:00 PM Pacific 
Time on the Due Diligence Expiration Date. The "Due Diligence Expiration Date" shall mean 
ten (10) Business Days following receipt by Buyer of a fully executed copy of this Agreement. 
During the Due Diligence Period, Seller shall cause the court-appointed receiver for the Property 
(the "Receiver"), to (1) give Buyer and its representatives, agents, consultants and contractors 
access to the Property upon reasonable prior notice, (2) provide to Buyer all reports prepared by 
the Receiver in connection with the Mortgage Loan, the Loan Documents, the Property, the 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730244
--- PAGE 4 ---
Foreclosure Action and/or the Bankruptcy Action (collectively, the "Receiver Reports"), and 
(3) provide any other information and/or documents in the possession or control of the Receiver 
as requested by Buyer from time to time. 
b. 
If Buyer determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that it is satisfied with its 
due diligence review, and as a result thereof, elects to continue with the purchase of the Seller 
Interest in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, Buyer shall send a notice to Seller on or 
prior to the Due Diligence Expiration Date, which notice shall confirm Buyer's decision to 
purchase the Seller Interest (the "Confirmation Notice"). If Buyer fails to timely deliver the 
Confirmation Notice prior to the Due Diligence Expiration Date, Buyer shall be deemed to have 
rejected the Seller Interest, in which event (i) if Buyer has delivered the Deposit to Seller in the 
form of a cash payment pursuant to Section 2a(i) above, Seller shall promptly return the Deposit 
to Buyer, and (ii) if Buyer has provided the Pledge to Seller, the Pledge and the rights of Seller 
thereunder shall automatically terminate, and, in either case, this Agreement shall automatically, 
and without any further action by or notice to any party, be deemed canceled and become void 
and of no further effect, and neither party shall have any obligations of any nature to the other 
hereunder or by reason hereof, upon the expiration of the Due Diligence Period (except for the 
provisions hereof that expressly survive termination of this Agreement). If Buyer timely delivers 
the Confirmation Notice to Seller, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in 
accordance with its express terms except that Buyer shall be deemed to have approved its due 
diligence review. The parties hereto shall thereafter proceed to Closing in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement, and the Deposit shall become non-refundable to Buyer, except as 
provided in Sections 12, 14 and 16a. 
4. 
Seller's Covenants. 
a. 
From and after the date of this Agreement, Seller shall: 
(1) 
Concurrently with the mutual execution hereof, promptly forward 
to Buyer copies of the Loan File (hereinafter defined); 
(2) 
take all steps as Seller determines in its sole discretion in 
connection with the Foreclosure Action, foreclosure proceedings, and in enforcement of 
the Mortgage Loan; provided, however, the parties acknowledge that Borrower is in 
bankruptcy and accordingly any steps that Seller determines in its sole discretion to take 
may include motions filed in the Borrower bankruptcy proceeding including relief from 
stay; as part of the Foreclosure Action, Seller has published notice of a trustee sale to sell 
the Property ("Trustee Sale"), and Seller shall ensure that, unless this Agreement is 
terminated by its own terms, the Trustee Sale does not occur prior to the Closing, and if 
for any reason the Trustee Sale is initially scheduled to occur on a date prior to the 
Closing Date, then, not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing, Seller shall 
cause such Trustee Sale to be adjourned to a date after the Closing; 
(3) 
not take any of the following actions without the prior written 
consent of Buyer: (i) modify, supplement, terminate or otherwise change in any manner, 
any of the terms, covenants, or conditions of the Mortgage Loan or the Loan Documents, 
or enter into any other agreements affecting the Mortgage Loan; (ii) release Borrower, 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730245
--- PAGE 5 ---
any Guarantor or indemitor, or any collateral for the Mortgage Loan from liability under 
the Loan Documents; (iii) enter into any agreement with Borrower agreeing to forbear 
from the exercise of any of Seller's rights or remedies under the Loan Documents; (iv) 
agree to dismiss or cause the dismissal of the Foreclosure Action or enter into a deed-in-
lieu transaction; or (v) sell, assign or encumber the Mortgage Loan or the Loan 
Documents; 
(4) 
obtain, at Seller's sole cost and expense, the written approval of 
the FDIC to the terms of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein (the 
"FDIC Approval"); 
(5) 
request the Receiver to obtain, and subject to any Bankruptcy 
prohibitions, at Seller's sole cost and expense, extensions of the existing building permits 
for the construction project currently in effect at the Property and file and apply for any 
additional permits and/or approvals from the Buildings Department of the City of Los 
Angeles or any other governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Property, as 
Seller or Buyer shall deem reasonable or necessary; and 
(6) 
cause the Receiver to deliver to Buyer the Receiver Reports and 
such other information as provided in Section 3a. 
5. 
Closing and Closing Date. 
a. 
Subject to paragraph c of this Section 5, the closing (the "Closing") of the 
transaction contemplated herein shall take place on the date that is five (5) Business Days after 
receipt by Seller of the Confirmation Notice from Buyer, or at such earlier date and time as shall 
be determined by Buyer. The date of the Closing is identified in this Agreement as the "Closing 
Date." 
b. 
Buyer and Seller agree that Seller may continue to market the Seller Interest prior 
to the Closing and may enter into any other agreement to sell the Seller Interest unless and until 
this Agreement has been terminated by its own terms, provided, however, upon the Deposit 
becoming non-refundable upon delivery of the Confirmation Notice prior to the expiration of the 
Due Diligence Period, Seller may not enter into any other agreement to sell the Seller Interest, or 
otherwise sell the Seller Interest to any other party, unless and until this Agreement has been 
terminated by its own terms. If Buyer is ready to close the Loan purchase, but Seller does not 
sell the Loan to Buyer, Seller shall promptly refund the Deposit to Buyer, with simple interest at 
the rate of five percent (5%) per annum. Buyer agrees that such refund reimburses it in full for 
its administrative, opportunity and other costs in connection with this transaction. 
c. 
At the election of Buyer, the Closing hereunder shall take place 
contemporaneously with the closing under the PB Contract. Seller does not require 
contemporaneous closing with the PB Contract. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein, Buyer shall have the right to adjourn the Closing from time to time as may be 
necessary to ensure that the Closing hereunder coincides with the closing under the PB Contract, 
provided that the Closing hereunder shall not be any later than the Closing Date of September 
29, 2010, or at such other date and time as shall be agreed upon in writing by all parties. 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730246
--- PAGE 6 ---
6. 
Closing Deliveries. 
a. 
Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer on or before the Closing 
Date: 
(1) 
One (1) original assignment and endorsement to each of the Notes 
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, duly executed and acknowledged by Seller; 
(2) 
Four (4) original Assignments of the Deed of Trust in the form 
attached hereto as Exhibit B, duly executed and acknowledged by Seller; 
(3) 
Four (4) original Assignments of Assignment of Leases and Rents 
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C, duly executed and acknowledged by Seller; 
(4) 
Four (4) original Assignments of Loan Documents (the 
"Assignment of Loan Documents") in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D, duly 
executed and acknowledged by Seller; 
(5) 
UCC-3 Financing Statement Assignments completed so as to 
assign and convey to Buyer Seller's security interest evidenced by all existing UCC-1 
Financing Statements in favor of Seller; 
(6) 
The original executed Loan Documents (unless any of the original 
executed Notes are being held by the Court in connection with the Foreclosure Action), 
and other documents and agreements relating to the Mortgage Loan, including, without 
limitation, Seller's original title policy and any subsequent endorsements issued by 
Seller's title company Stewart Title Guaranty Company ("Stewart") with respect to the 
Mortgage Loan (the "Loan Policy") and copies of all material correspondence and 
documents exchanged between Seller and Borrower, Stewart and its counsel, UCB in its 
capacity as Seller's predecessor in the Mortgage Loan, participants in the Mortgage Loan 
including Preferred Bank, the Receiver, any third parties in connection with the Mortgage 
Loan including without limitation the disbursement agent, and/or any Guarantor, which 
includes, without limitation, the default notices, demand letters, modification letters, if 
any, waiver letters, if any, and forbearance agreements, if any (collectively, the "Loan 
File"); 
(7) 
Copies of all documents and records filed or served in connection 
with and all correspondence relating to the Foreclosure Action and the Bankruptcy 
Action, to the extent that they are in the Loan File; 
(8) 
Copies of all documents and records filed or served in connection 
with and all correspondence relating to any other litigation relating to the Mortgage Loan, 
the Loan Documents, Borrower, Guarantor and/or the Property, including, without 
limitation, each of the mechanics' liens filed against the Property, as more particularly 
described on Schedule C attached hereto, to the extent that they are in the Loan File; 
(9) 
Four (4) original Assignment of Litigation Rights, which shall 
include, without limitation, an assignment of Seller's rights under the Foreclosure Action 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730247
--- PAGE 7 ---
and any rights of Seller in and to the Bankruptcy Action (the "Assignment of 
Litigation") in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E, duly executed and acknowledged 
by Seller; 
(10) 
If requested by Buyer, a written notice to Borrower and Guarantor, 
duly executed and delivered by Seller, that the Loan and the Foreclosure Action have 
been sold to Buyer; and 
(11) 
Any other documents or instruments (including, without limitation, 
corporate resolutions or other evidences of approval and authority) that Buyer's counsel 
may reasonably require to consummate this transaction. 
b. 
Buyer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Seller on or before the Closing 
Date: 
(1) 
Four (4) original countersigned Assignments of Loan Documents, 
duly executed and acknowledged by Buyer; 
(2) 
Four (4) original countersigned Assignments of Litigation duly 
executed and acknowledged by Buyer; 
(3) 
The balance of the Purchase Price; and 
(4) 
Any other documents or instruments (including, without limitation, 
corporate resolutions or other evidences of approval and authority) that Seller's counsel 
may reasonably require to consummate this transaction. 
Seller's delivery of the documents described in this Section are subject to PB's 30% 
interest in the Mortgage Loan if the PB Contract does not close contemporaneously with this the 
Closing. 
7. 
Recording Fees. Buyer shall be solely responsible for all recording and/or filing 
fees required to be paid in connection with the recording of any of the documents executed and 
delivered in connection with the Closing. Each party shall be responsible for the payment of 
their own legal fees with respect to the transfer of the Mortgage Loan. 
8. 
Buyer's Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Acknowledgments. 
Buyer hereby represents, warrants, covenants and acknowledges that, as of the date hereof, and 
as of the Closing Date: 
a. 
Status of Buyer. 
Buyer is duly organized, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of the State of its formation. 
b. 
Decision to Purchase. Buyer acknowledges that it is purchasing the Mortgage 
Loan in its "AS IS" condition, without any representations or warranties except as set forth in 
this Agreement. Buyer confirms and acknowledges that, upon expiration of the Due Diligence 
Period, Buyer will have been given an opportunity to make such inquiries, inspections, reviews, 
or other investigations as Buyer deems necessary and appropriate to value the Mortgage Loan 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730248
--- PAGE 8 ---
and the underlying security of the Mortgage Loan, including, but not limited to, access to the 
Loan File. Buyer is relying entirely on Buyer's own inspection and evaluation of the Loan File 
and is not relying on any representations, warranty, assurance or statement of any kind made by 
Seller or any other person or entity on behalf of Seller except to the extent set forth in this 
Agreement. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement to the contrary, Buyer is not relying 
upon the continued actions or efforts of Seller in connection with its decision to purchase the 
Mortgage Loan, and nothing contained in this Agreement shall create any partnership, joint 
venture or other similar arrangement between Seller and Buyer. Buyer acknowledges that after 
the Closing Date, unless otherwise specifically agreed to in writing, Seller will not retain any 
further interest in the Mortgage Loan, or provide any further servicing of the Mortgage Loan. In 
addition, Buyer acknowledges and understands that portions of the Loan File may have been 
prepared by parties other than Seller and neither Seller or its affiliates has made an independent 
investigation or verification of any such records or makes any representation or warranty, 
whether express or implied, of any type, kind, character or nature, whatsoever, as to the content, 
accuracy, or completeness of such Loan File (except as set forth in this Agreement). Buyer 
acknowledges and agrees that all information and records provided to Buyer have been provided 
for informational purposes only as an accommodation to Buyer, and except as set forth in this 
Agreement, any inaccuracy, incompleteness, or deficiency in any part of such information and 
records shall be solely the risk of Buyer. 
c. 
Authority. Buyer is duly and legally authorized to enter into this Agreement and 
has complied with all laws, rules, regulations, formation documents, charter provisions and 
bylaws to which it may be subject, and the undersigned representative or representatives of 
Buyer is or are authorized to act on behalf of and bind Buyer to the terms of this Agreement. 
d. 
Enforceability. This Agreement and all of Buyer's obligations hereunder are the 
legal, valid and binding obligations of Buyer, enforceable in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and 
by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a 
proceeding in equity or in law). 
e. 
No Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance 
of Buyer's obligations hereunder does not and will not conflict with any provision of any law, 
regulation, or order to which Buyer is subject, or conflict with or result in a breach of or 
constitute a default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any agreement or 
instrument to which Buyer is a party or by which it is bound, or any order or decree applicable to 
Buyer. 
f. 
Environmental Risks. Buyer expressly understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that there may be environmental issues and/or risks with respect to the Property and/or adjoining 
property which may or may not be visible or apparent and which may or may not be above or 
below the surface thereof. A written report or reports may or may not be included in the Loan 
File evidencing the results of an environmental assessment or assessments performed on Seller's 
behalf or on behalf of others for the purpose of assessing environmental issues concerning the 
Property (collectively, the "Environmental Assessment Report"). Buyer understands and 
acknowledges that any Environmental Assessment Report which may be in the Loan File or is 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730249
--- PAGE 9 ---
otherwise provided or made available by Seller or its employees, agents, contractors, or 
representatives, is provided without any representations or warranties as to any matter, including 
but not limited to the qualifications or expertise of the author or authors thereof or the 
completeness or accuracy of the facts, presumptions and conclusions contained therein, and 
Buyer agrees that Seller shall not be liable for the representations set forth in the Environmental 
Assessment Report, if any. 
g. 
Affiliate. Buyer is not an affiliate of or a beneficial owner (whether directly or 
indirectly) in the Borrower or any Guarantor. 
9. Seller's Representations. Seller hereby represents that as of the date hereof, and 
as of the Closing Date: 
a. 
Status of Seller. Seller is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing 
under the laws of the State of its formation. 
b. 
Authority. Seller is duly and legally authorized to enter into this Agreement and 
has complied with all laws, rules, regulations, formation documents, charter provisions and 
bylaws to which it may be subject, and the undersigned representative or representatives of 
Seller is or are authorized to act on behalf of and bind Seller to the terms of this Agreement. 
c. 
No Transfer/Pledge. Seller has not sold, transferred, pledged or encumbered any 
of its Seller Interest. 
d. 
Participation Agreement. Attached hereto as Exhibit F is a true and complete 
copy of the Participation Agreement, which has not been further amended, supplemented or 
modified. 
e. 
Balance of the Mortgage Loan. 
The current unpaid outstanding principal 
balance of the Mortgage Loan is as follows: $29,197,212.00 on Loan Number 87814473, and 
$10,300,000.00 on Loan Number 87814732. 
f. 
Sole Ownership of the Mortgage Loan. Other than the PB Interest, which is 
owned and held by PB pursuant to the terms of the Participation Agreement, Seller is the sole 
owner and holder of the Mortgage Loan. No person or party, other than Buyer, has any right or 
option to acquire the Mortgage Loan or the Property, or any part thereof or any interest therein. 
g. 
Sole Ownership of the Seller Interest and Right to Sell. Seller is the sole 
owner and holder of the Seller Interest and has the full right, power and authority to sell and 
assign the Seller Interest. 
h. 
No Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance 
of Seller's obligations hereunder does not and will not conflict with any provision of any law, 
regulation, or order to which Seller is subject, or conflict with or result in a breach of or 
constitute a default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any agreement or 
instrument to which Seller is a party or by which it is bound, or any order or decree applicable to 
Seller. 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730250
--- PAGE 10 ---
i. Loan Documents; Loan File. The list of Loan Documents attached to this 
Agreement as Schedule A is a true, complete, and correct list of all Loan Documents. Seller has 
furnished to Buyer or made available to Buyer the complete Loan File. 
j. No Additional Advances. 
As of the date hereof, Seller is not obligated to 
advance, and shall not advance, any additional funds to Borrower or any Guarantor in connection 
with the Mortgage Loan or otherwise 
k. Foreclosure Proceedings. Title Company that issued Lender's Loan Policy for 
the Deed of Trust has requested Lender not to complete its non-judicial foreclosure sale of the 
Property, based on the theory that foreclosure may endanger lien priority defenses to the 
mechanic's lien actions including defense of equitable subrogation and equitable lien. A 
mechanic's lien claimant also filed for injunction against the non-judicial foreclosure sale in case 
number BC424192 (lead case); a temporary restraining order was granted and preliminary 
injunction hearing is set for August 24, 2010; the preliminary injunction was denied; however, 
the mechanic's lien claimant obtained an order for attachment writ which is the subject of further 
motion proceedings in the lead case. 
I. Title Insurance. 
A number of lawsuits have been filed by mechanic's lien 
claimants which allege that the mechanic's liens have priority over the Deed of Trust 
("Litigation"). (See, Paragraph 10(c)(3), below). Seller has tendered these lawsuits to Stewart 
under Seller's Loan Policy issued by Stewart which was to insure the Seller's Deed of Trust as a 
first lien on the Property. Stewart has accepted the Seller's tenders, with a reservation of rights, 
as to the mechanic's lien causes of action and has retained counsel to represent the Seller with 
respect those causes of action. However, Stewart has not yet reached a coverage determination as 
to whether the Seller's claims are covered under the Loan Policy or Seller's escrow instructions. 
Seller is informed that on or about August 16, 2010, Stewart filed a lawsuit, 
Stewart Title Guaranty Company vs. Stanford Regency Plaza, LLC, Benhoor Hanasabzadeh, 
Joseph Hanasabzadeh, Manoochehr Fatirian, Fereidoon Kangavari and Does 1-20, Los Angeles 
Superior Court Case No. BC443655, for Express Indemnity, Breach of Contract and Declaratory 
Relief. Seller is not named as a party in this lawsuit. 
Except for those so expressed in this Agreement, no warranties or representations, 
expressed or implied, are, or have been, made by Seller or anyone acting on the behalf of Seller, 
particularly, without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, no warranties or 
representations have been made regarding (i) the collectability of the Mortgage Loan; (ii) the 
form or sufficiency of the Loan Documents or the Loan File; (iii) the credit worthiness of the 
Borrower or any Guarantor of the Mortgage Loan; (iv) the value of the collateral which secures 
the repayment of the Mortgage Loan; (v) the enforceability of the Note or the other Loan 
Documents; (vi) the presence or release of any hazardous or toxic fluids, substances, or materials 
on or from the Property (collectively, "Environmental Conditions"); (vii) the Property; (viii) 
the validity of any Loan Document; or (ix) any defenses to the Mortgage Loan resulting from 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or moratorium. 
10. 
Certain Obligations of Buyer. 
LIF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730251
--- PAGE 11 ---
a. 
Collection Practices. Buyer will not violate any laws relating to unfair 
credit collection practices in connection with the Mortgage Loan. Buyer hereby agrees to 
indemnify Seller and to hold it harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, losses, 
damages, penalties, fines, forfeitures, judgments, reasonable legal fees and any other out-of-
pocket costs, fees, and expenses incurred by Seller as a result of (1) a breach by Buyer of the 
aforesaid warranty or (2) any claim, demand, or assertion that, after the Closing Date, Seller was 
in any way involved in or had in any way authorized any unlawful collection practices by Buyer 
in connection with the Loan transferred to Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer agrees to 
notify Seller within two (2) Business Days of notice or knowledge of any such claim or demand. 
b. 
Reporting to or for the Internal Revenue Service. Buyer agrees to submit 
all Internal Revenue Service Forms and Information Returns for the Loan for the period during 
which it owns the Mortgage Loan. 
c. 
Buyer's Duties Regarding Litigation. 
(1) 
If the Loan is the subject of pending collection litigation (the 
"Pending Collection Litigation") on the Closing Date brought by Seller (including 
bankruptcy, arbitration and other alternate dispute resolution proceedings), and including 
but not limited to East West Bank, as Assignee of the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corp., as Receiver for United Commercial Bank, a California banking corporation, 
Plaintiff v. Benhoor Hanasabzadeh, Individually and as trustee for the Benhoor and 
Limor Hanasabzedeh Living Trust; etc., et al., Defendants, Los Angeles Superior Court 
Case No. SC106393; and then Buyer shall provide to the attorney representing Seller, 
within five (5) Business Days after Closing, the name of the attorney selected by Buyer to 
represent Buyer's interests in such Pending Collection Litigation. Buyer shall, within ten 
(10) Business Days after Closing, notify the clerk of the court, all counsel of record and 
all arbitrators and mediators, as applicable, that ownership of the Loan was transferred 
from Seller to Buyer. Buyer shall have its attorney file appropriate pleadings with the 
court as soon as is reasonable practicable to cause the substitution of Buyer's attorney for 
Seller's attorney and shall also cause the removal of Seller as a party to the litigation 
(except to the extent claims have been made against Seller relating to its servicing or 
management of the Mortgage Loan) and shall substitute Buyer as the party in interest. 
Seller will notify its attorney to cease participating in the litigation (except with respect to 
claims made against Seller relating to its servicing or management of the Mortgage Loan) 
upon the filing of the pleadings substituting Buyer's attorney for Seller's attorney as 
provided above. From and after the Closing, Buyer shall assume any and all obligations 
of Seller as set forth in any order of court issued in the Pending Collection Litigation. 
(2) 
Seller agrees to defend, at its sole cost and expense, any pending 
litigation against Seller or any of its affiliates relating to Seller's servicing or 
management of the Mortgage Loan, or any such litigation served on Seller after the 
Closing Date, including but not limited to that certain cross-action filed by Benhoor 
Hanasabzadeh, Individually and as trustee for the Benhoor and Limor Hanasabzedeh 
Living Trust; etc., et al., Defendants, Los Angeles Superior Court Case No. SC106393. 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730252
--- PAGE 12 ---
(3) 
If the Loan is the subject of pending litigation affecting title to the 
Mortgaged Property (the "Pending Title Litigation") on the Closing Date, Buyer shall 
provide to the attorney representing Seller, within five (5) Business Days after Closing, 
the name of the attorney selected by Buyer to represent Buyer's interests in such Pending 
Title Litigation. Buyer shall, within ten (10) Business Days after Closing, notify the clerk 
of the court, all counsel of record and all arbitrators and mediators, as applicable, that 
ownership of the Loan was transferred from Seller to Buyer. Buyer shall have its 
attorney file appropriate pleadings with the court as soon as is reasonably practicable to 
cause the substitution of Buyer's attorney for Seller's attorney and shall also cause the 
removal of Seller as a party to the litigation (except to the extent claims have been made 
against Seller relating to its servicing or management of the Mortgage Loan) and shall 
substitute Buyer as the party in interest. Seller will notify its attorney to cease 
participating in the litigation upon the filing of the pleadings substituting Buyer's 
attorney for Seller's attorney as provided above. From and after the Closing, Buyer shall 
assume any and all obligations of Seller as set forth in any order of court issued in the 
Pending Title Litigation. The following is a list of Pending Title Litigation known to 
Seller to date: 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $38,232.00, 
claimant Southern California Steel, Inc., Recorded August 10, 
2009, Instrument No. 2009-1221786, of Official Records, 
affects a portion of parcel 2 with a Notice of Pending Action to 
Foreclose said lien in Los Angeles County, Superior Court of 
the State of California, Case No. BC424192, Recorded on 
October 27, 2009 as Instrument No. 2009-1620611, of Official 
Records; 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $18,509.85, 
claimant Alcala ,Co., Inc., Recorded August 19, 2009, 
Instrument No. 2009-1279704, of Official Records which 
affects a portion of Parcel 2; 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $21,329.09, 
claimant Glendale Plumbing & Fire Supply, Recorded 
September 25, 2009, Instrument No. 2009-1463126, of Official 
Records which affects a portion of Parcel 2; a Notice of 
Pending Action to Foreclose said lien in Los Angeles county, 
Superior Court of the State of California, Case No. 09K20845, 
Recorded on November 4, 2009, Instrument No. 2009-
1663731, of Official Records; 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $143,211.00, 
Claimant Sun Corporation, dba AMD Contractors, Recorded 
October 14, 2009, Instrument No. 2009-1557200, of Official 
Records which affects a portion of Parcel 2; 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730253
--- PAGE 13 ---
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $91, 830.13, 
Claimant Great Western Building Materials, Recorded October 
21, 2009, Instrument No. 2009-1592336 of Official Records 
which affects a portion of Parcel 2; a Notice of Pending Action 
to Foreclose said lien in Los Angeles county, Superior Court of 
the State of California, Case No. BC429411, Recorded on 
January 14, 2010, Instrument No. 2010-0058722, of Official 
Records; 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $726,317.69, 
Claimant J T Wimsatt Contracting Company Inc, Recorded 
October 23, 2009, Instrument No. 2009-1605216, of Official 
Records which affects a portion of Parcel 2, and related 
proceedings for injunction of foreclosure sale of the Property; 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $12,243.65, 
Claimant Patterson Pump Company, Recorded October 26, 
2009, Instrument No. 2009-1613849, of Official Records 
which affects a portion of Parcel 2; 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $58,295.00, 
Claimant Schindler Elevator Corporation, Recorded October 
27, 2009, Instrument No. 2009-1623778, of Official Records, 
which affects a portion of Parcel 2; 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $610,000.00, 
Claimant Compton Steel Co Inc, Recorded November 9, 2009, 
Instrument No. 2009-1683006, of Official Records, which 
affects a portion of Parcel 2; 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $153,512.90, 
Claimant Doja, Inc., Recorded November 10, 2009, Instrument 
No. 2009-1693852, of Official Records, which affects Parcels 
and 2; 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $208,069.00, 
Claimant Malcolm Drilling Co., Inc, Recorded November 16, 
2009, Instrument No. 2009-1727805, of Official Records, 
which affects a portion of Parcel 2; 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $6,444.41, 
Claimant Thompson Building Materials — Orange, recorded 
November 24, 2009, Instrument No. 2009-1783617, of Official 
Records, which affects a portion of Parcel 2; 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $157,000.00, 
Claimant Sunpeak Construction, Inc., recorded December II, 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730254
--- PAGE 14 ---
2009, Instrument No. 2009-1884128, of Official Records, 
which affects a portion of Parcel 2; Sunpeak Construction vs. 
Stanford Regency Plaza et al.; Los Angeles Superior Case No. 
BC433387; 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $4,000.00, 
Claimant Parks Engineering & Construction Services, recorded 
December 16, 2009, Instrument No. 2009-1911676, of Official 
Records, which affects a portion of Parcel 2; 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $197,604.40, 
Claimant Pacific Coast Street, recorded January 13, 2010, 
Instrument No. 2010-0053197, of Official Records, which 
affects a portion of Parcel 2; 
• 
ABS Technical Electric, Inc., Plaintiff v. Stanford Regency 
Plaza, LLC, a limited liability company; East West Bank, a 
corporation; John Does 1 to 100, Inclusive, Los Angeles 
Superior Court Case No. BC 437500, 
• 
Plaza Wholesale Electric, Plaintiff vs. Berhanu Dessie Tassew, 
ABS Technical Electric, Inc., Stanford Regency Plaza LLC; 
American Contractors Indemnity Company, and Does 1 
through 100, inclusive; East West Bank served as Doe 1 on 
August 27, 2010; Los Angeles Superior Case No. BC434412 
(served August 27, 2010), and 
• 
A Claim of mechanic's lien, in the amount of $58,295.00, 
Claimant Schindler Elevator Corporation, recorded January 15, 
2010, Instrument No. 2010-0066990, of Official Records, 
which affects a portion of Parcel 2. 
(4) 
In the case of any litigation with respect to the Loan served on 
Seller after the Closing Date (including bankruptcy, arbitration and other alternate dispute 
resolution proceedings, but specifically excluding any such litigation concerning claims 
made against Seller relating to its servicing or management of the Loan prior to the 
Closing) (the "Future Litigation Service"), (i) Seller shall promptly notify Buyer of any 
Future Litigation Service, and (ii) Buyer shall within the time set for initial response to 
the Future Litigation Service, notify the clerk of the court, all counsel of record and all 
arbitrators and mediators, as applicable, that ownership of the Loan was transferred from 
Seller to Buyer. Buyer agrees to have its attorney file appropriate pleadings with the court 
within the time set for initial response to the Future Litigation Service, removing Seller as 
a party to the litigation (except to the extent claims have been made against Seller 
relating to its servicing or management of the Mortgage Loan) and substituting Buyer as 
the party in interest. 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730255
--- PAGE 15 ---
(5) 
Buyer shall not litigate or prosecute any claim in the name of 
Seller, and Buyer shall not intentionally or unintentionally, through misdisclosure or 
nondisclosure, mislead or conceal its identity or its ownership of the Mortgage Loan. 
(6) 
Buyer assumes all obligations of Seller related to, and will 
indemnify, defend, protect, and hold harmless Seller from and against any and all claims, 
rights, demands, actions, suits, causes of actions, damages, counterclaims, defenses, 
losses, costs, obligations, liabilities and expenses of every kind or nature, known or 
unknown, suspected or unsuspected, fixed or contingent, foreseen or unforeseen, arising 
directly or indirectly from, stop notice claims. The pending Stop Notice claims known to 
Seller are: 
• 
Bonded Stop Notice of Alcala Company, Inc. in the amount of $18,509.85 dated 
August 17, 2009; and 
• 
Bonded Stop Notice of J T Wimsatt Contracting Company Inc, in the sum of 
$726,317.69 dated October 20, 2009. 
• 
Unbonded Stop Notice of Pacific Coast Steel (amount and date unknown). 
(7) 
Buyer's Duties Regarding the Mortgage Loan in Bankruptcy After 
Closing. In accordance with Bankruptcy Rule 3001(e), Buyer shall take all actions 
reasonably necessary to timely file proofs of claims in pending bankruptcy cases 
involving the Loan filed before or after the Closing for which the Seller has not already 
filed a proof of claim. 
11. 
Conditions Precedent to Seller's Obligations. The obligation of Seller to close 
the transactions contemplated hereby is expressly conditioned upon the fulfillment by and as of 
the Closing Date of each of the conditions listed below, provided that Seller, at its election, 
evidenced by notice delivered to Buyer at or prior to the Closing, may waive all or any of such 
conditions: 
a. 
Buyer's Deliveries to Seller. Buyer shall have delivered or caused to be 
delivered to Seller on or before the Closing Date the Purchase Price, as adjusted herein and all 
other items required under this Agreement to be delivered by or on behalf of Buyer within the 
time periods required hereunder. 
b. 
Buyer's Performance. Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and 
complied with all material covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to 
be performed or complied with by Buyer on or before the Closing Date. 
c. 
Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and 
warranties of Buyer contained herein shall be true and correct on the Closing Date as if made on 
and as of the Closing Date. 
[IF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730256
--- PAGE 16 ---
12. 
Conditions Precedent to Buyer's Obligation. The obligation of Buyer to close 
the transactions contemplated hereby is expressly conditioned upon the fulfillment by and as of 
the Closing Date of each of the conditions listed below, provided that Buyer, at its election, 
evidenced by notice delivered to Seller at or prior to the Closing, may waive all or any of such 
conditions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any of the 
conditions listed below are not fulfilled on or before the Closing, Buyer may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, instruct Seller to return to Buyer the Deposit, upon which the parties hereto 
shall be released from any further liability to each other hereunder, except for those provisions 
hereof that expressly survive the termination of this Agreement: 
a. 
Seller's Deliveries to Buyer. Seller shall have delivered to Buyer on or 
before the Closing Date all of the documents and instruments required to be delivered to Buyer 
by or on behalf of Seller pursuant to the terms hereof (including, without, limitation, the 
deliveries specified in Section 6(a). 
b. Seller's Performance. Seller shall have performed, satisfied and complied 
with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or 
complied with by Seller on or before the Closing Date. 
c. 
Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and 
warranties of Seller contained herein shall be true and correct on the Closing Date as if made on 
and as of the Closing Date. 
d. Title Endorsement. The title company selected by Buyer shall be 
irrevocably committed to issue, at Buyer's expense, CLTA 104.1 and CLTA 104.13 
endorsements to the Loan Policy, which such endorsements shall, among other things, insure 
Buyer as the beneficiary of record under the Deed of Trust, subject to no additional matters other 
than as set forth in Schedule "B" of the Loan Policy. If Borrower cannot obtain such 
endorsements, due to no fault of its own, by the Closing, Borrower shall be entitled to a refund of 
its Deposit. 
e. 
No Taking or Damage. Prior to the Closing, no part of the Property is 
destroyed or damaged or becomes subject to a taking by eminent domain or is under any 
contemplation or threat of condemnation. 
13. 
Property Expenses. 
a. 
Seller shall be responsible for the payment of seventy percent (70%) of the 
Property-related expenses described on Schedule B attached hereto and made a part hereof 
incurred at any time prior to and including the Closing Date, including, without limitation, 
seventy percent (70%) of the fees and expenses payable to the Receiver and all delinquent 
property taxes, together with any and all late fees or other penalties or charges in connection 
therewith; and Buyer shall be responsible for any such expenses incurred from and after the 
Closing Date. If any such payment made by Seller (such as for taxes or insurance premiums) 
relates to a period that commenced prior to the Closing Date and ends after the Closing Date, 
then, at the Closing, Buyer shall pay to Seller a prorated portion of such payment, based on the 
number of days in such period prior to and after the Closing Date. At the Closing, Seller shall 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730257
--- PAGE 17 ---
furnish to Buyer paid receipts or such other evidence reasonably satisfactory to Buyer to confirm 
that all Property-related expenses for which Seller is responsible pursuant to the terms of this 
Section have been paid and satisfied in full. 
b. 
In addition to the foregoing, Seller shall expend up to a maximum amount 
of $280,000 (which amount equals Seller's 70% portion of a maximum amount of $400,000) to 
implement the recommendations of the Receiver to mitigate the damage caused by the elements 
and inclement weather to certain portions of the Property left exposed and unprotected as a result 
of Borrower's unfinished construction project. At the Closing, Seller shall furnish to Buyer 
evidence reasonably satisfactory to Buyer to confirm that Seller has complied with the foregoing 
obligations. 
14. 
Payoff and Redemption. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement 
to the contrary, Buyer acknowledges that if at or prior to the Closing, Borrower or a third party 
on behalf of Borrower pursuant to statutory rights of Borrower, if any ("Redemption Rights"), 
tenders the payment of all amounts due and owing to Seller by Borrower under or in connection 
with the Mortgage Loan to pay off and satisfy the Loan in full, such that Seller is by law required 
to accept such payment in satisfaction of the Mortgage Loan, then Seller may accept such 
payment, in which case, Seller shall give prompt written notice to Buyer and Seller shall 
promptly, without further instruction, return the Deposit to Buyer. In such event, this Agreement 
shall thereupon terminate and be of no further force or effect and neither party shall have any 
further liability hereunder to the other party or with respect to this Agreement or the transactions 
contemplated hereby, except for those provisions hereof that expressly survive the termination of 
this Agreement. 
15. 
Indemnification 
a. 
Buyer hereby agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Seller and its 
predecessors, successors, employees, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, 
managers, servicers, or agents of any of them (together, the "Seller Indemnified Person(s)") 
from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including, without 
limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) to which any of the Indemnified Persons 
may become subject on account of, arising out of, or related to any act, omission, conduct, or 
activity of Buyer or any of its officers, directors, managers, members, employees, agents, 
servants, shareholders, successors, assigns or any other party acting on behalf of Buyer 
(collectively, "Buyer's Parties"), on account of, arising out of, or related to, (i) this Agreement 
or the Seller Interest purchased hereunder (excluding any claim by Buyer relating to Seller's 
breach of any term of this Agreement); (ii) the use, ownership, control, operation, or condition of 
the Property, including, without limitation, condition of title to the property and Environmental 
Conditions (excluding any claim by Buyer relating to Seller's breach of any term of this 
Agreement); (iii) any acts and/or omissions by Buyer or Buyer's Parties resulting in any claim 
that Seller, subsequent to the date of this Agreement, was in any way involved in, or had in any 
way authorized, any unlawful collection practices in connection with the Mortgage Loan; (iv) 
any material inaccuracy in or breach of Buyer's representations, warranties, covenants and 
acknowledgments made pursuant to this Agreement; (v) any liens charges or claims for labor and 
materials for work done by Buyer after the date of the Loan Purchase; or (vi) any violation by 
Buyer of the confidentiality provisions contained in this Agreement. Promptly after receipt by 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730258
--- PAGE 18 ---
any Indemnified Person of notice of the commencement of any action to which this paragraph 
shall apply, the Indemnified Person so notified shall notify Buyer, in writing, of the 
commencement of such action if a claim in respect of such action is to be made against Buyer 
under this paragraph; but the failure by any of the Indemnified Persons to notify Buyer shall not 
relieve Buyer from any liability that Buyer may have to the Indemnified Persons. 
b. 
Buyer acknowledges and agrees that Buyer's sole remedy for any problems with 
the condition of title to the property, including, but not limited to mechanic's liens, Litigation, 
and/or lack of marketable title, shall be limited to a refund of the Deposit prior to Closing, and 
Buyer's claims against its policy of title insurance and any third parties other than the Seller or 
its agents, employees or other representatives. 
The provisions of this Section 15 shall survive the Closing. 
16. 
Default. 
a. 
By Seller. If Seller shall default in the performance of its obligations under this 
Agreement, Buyer's sole and exclusive remedy shall be, and Buyer shall be entitled, as 
liquidated damages which cannot otherwise be ascertained, the return of the Deposit with interest 
at the rate of 5% per annum upon which the parties hereto shall be released from any further 
liability to each other hereunder. THE PARTIES RECOGNIZE THAT IT IS EXTREMELY 
DIFFICULT AND IMPRACTICABLE TO ASCERTAIN THE EXTENT OF DETRIMENT TO 
SELLER CAUSED BY BUYER'S FAILURE TO CLOSE THE TRANSACTION 
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR THE AMOUNT OF COMPENSATION 
SELLER SHOULD RECEIVE AS A RESULT THEREOF. THE PARTIES THEREFORE 
AGREE THAT THE DEPOSIT IS A REASONABLE AMOUNT CONSIDERING ALL THE 
CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING ON THE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE 
RELATIONSHIP OF THAT AMOUNT TO THE HARM TO SELLER THAT COULD 
REASONABLY BE ANTICIPATED AND THE ANTICIPATION THAT PROOF OF 
ACTUAL DAMAGES WOULD BE COSTLY OR INCONVENIENT. SUCH LIQUIDATED 
DAMAGES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE AND ARE NOT A FORFEITURE OR PENALTY 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF APPLICABLE LAW. 
b. 
By Buyer. If Buyer shall default in the performance of its obligations under this 
Agreement and the Closing does not occur as a result thereof, Seller's sole and exclusive remedy 
shall be, and Seller shall be entitled, to retain the Deposit as and for full and complete liquidated 
and agreed damages for Buyer's default, and the parties hereto shall be released from any further 
liability to each other hereunder. THE PARTIES RECOGNIZE THAT IT IS EXTREMELY 
DIFFICULT AND IMPRACTICABLE TO ASCERTAIN THE EXTENT OF DETRIMENT TO 
SELLER CAUSED BY BUYER'S FAILURE TO CLOSE THE TRANSACTION 
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR THE AMOUNT OF COMPENSATION 
SELLER SHOULD RECEIVE AS A RESULT THEREOF. THE PARTIES THEREFORE 
AGREE THAT THE DEPOSIT IS A REASONABLE AMOUNT CONSIDERING ALL THE 
CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING ON THE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE 
RELATIONSHIP OF THAT AMOUNT TO THE HARM TO SELLER THAT COULD 
REASONABLY BE ANTICIPATED AND THE ANTICIPATION THAT PROOF OF 
ACTUAL DAMAGES WOULD BE COSTLY OR INCONVENIENT. SUCH LIQUIDATED 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730259
--- PAGE 19 ---
DAMAGES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE AND ARE NOT A FORFEITURE OR PENALTY 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF APPLICABLE LAW. 
17. 
Broker or Finder. Seller represents and warrants to Buyer that Seller has not 
dealt with any person who might be entitled to a finder's commission, brokerage fee or other 
compensation (collectively, "Commission") on account of introducing the parties hereto, the 
negotiation or execution of this Agreement, or the closing of the proposed transaction, except for 
Verona Capital Markets, Inc. ("Broker"). Seller shall pay the Commission due to Broker 
pursuant to a separate agreement. Seller hereby confirms that the Commission payable to Broker 
at Closing shall be an amount equal to one and one-half percent (1.5%) of the Purchase Price. 
Buyer represents and warrants to Seller that Buyer has not engaged any person who might be 
entitled to a Commission on account of introducing the parties hereto, the negotiation or 
execution of this Agreement, or the closing of the proposed transaction, nor, except for Broker, 
has any broker, consultant, finder or like agent brought about such transactions or otherwise 
communicated with Buyer with respect to the proposed transaction. Each party indemnifies and 
holds harmless the other party from and against all damages and litigation costs, caused by or 
arising out of (a) a breach of any of the foregoing representations and warranties of the 
indemnifying party, and (b) any claims for a Commission by any person or entity (other than 
Broker) claiming to have dealt with, on behalf of, through or under such indemnifying party. 
The provisions of this Section 17 shall survive the Closing or the earlier termination of this 
Agreement. 
18. 
Release of Seller. After Closing, if Buyer and Borrower restructure the Mortgage 
Loan or otherwise settle the Foreclosure Action and Buyer obtains a release from Borrower, 
Buyer shall use reasonable good faith efforts to obtain from Borrower and deliver to Seller a 
release in favor of Seller, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Seller, for all claims 
which Borrower could have against Seller with respect to the Loan prior to the date of the 
Closing. The provisions of this Section shall survive the Closing. 
19. 
Attorneys' Fees and Costs. If either party breaches any term of this Agreement, 
the breaching party agrees to pay the non-breaching party's reasonable attorneys' fees, expert 
witness fees, investigation costs, costs of tests and analysis, travel and accommodation expenses, 
deposition and trial transcript costs, court costs, and other costs and expenses incurred by the 
non-breaching party in enforcing this Agreement or preparing for legal or other proceedings. If 
any legal or other proceedings are instituted, the party prevailing in any such proceeding shall be 
paid all of the aforementioned costs, expenses and fees by the other party, and if any judgment is 
obtained by such prevailing party, all such costs, expenses and fees shall be included in such 
judgment, with attorneys' fees to be set by the court and not by the jury. 
20. 
Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the statutory and common law of the State of California, applicable to 
transactions as if made and to be wholly performed within such state, without regard to the 
conflicts-of-law provisions thereof. 
21. 
Arbitration. The parties hereto shall submit to arbitration any dispute, 
controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any agreement executed or 
delivered in connection herewith. Any such arbitration proceeding shall be conducted before a 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730260
--- PAGE 20 ---
panel of three (3) arbitrators acceptable to both Seller and Buyer in their reasonable judgment, in 
accordance with the then applicable commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration 
Association (the "AAA"). In the event the parties hereto are unable to agree on the three 
arbitrators within ten (10) days after any such dispute arises, the arbitrators shall be appointed by 
the AAA in accordance with its rules then applicable. In making any determination hereunder, 
the arbitrators shall apply the laws of the State of California. All determinations made by a 
majority of the arbitrators shall be final, conclusive and binding on the parties hereto and 
judgment upon the award entered by a majority of the arbitrators may be entered in any court of 
competent jurisdiction sitting in the State of California, County of Los Angeles. If any party to 
this Agreement seeks to enforce such party's rights under this Agreement, or defends against a 
proceeding commenced by the other party, the non-prevailing party shall pay all costs and 
expenses, including all reasonable attorney's fees and expenses, incurred by the prevailing party 
(which shall be the party that obtains substantially the relief sought by such party, whether by 
settlement, compromise or judgment) as well as the fees of each of the arbitrators. 
22. 
No Waiver or Extension. No act, delay, or omission by any party shall be 
deemed in itself to constitute a waiver. No waiver shall be valid unless in writing, signed by the 
waiving party, and then only to the extent specified. A waiver by any party of any right or 
remedy under this Agreement on any one occasion shall not be construed as a waiver on any 
future occasion. No extension of time for performance of any obligations or acts shall be 
deemed an extension for performance of any other obligations or acts. 
23. 
Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement, or the application 
thereof to any person or circumstances, shall be illegal, invalid or unenforceable to any extent, 
the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such term or provision to other persons or 
circumstances, shall not be affected thereby. Each other term and provision of this Agreement 
shall be valid and shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. The parties shall use 
reasonable efforts to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable term or provision by a legal, 
valid and enforceable provision, the effect of which is the closest possible to the intended effect 
of the prohibited provision. 
24. 
Waiver of Trial by Jury. Each party hereby waives trial by jury in any 
litigation brought by the other party in connection with any matter arising from or related 
to this Agreement or the relationship of the parties hereunder. The terms and provisions of 
this Section shall survive the Closing. 
25. 
Compliance with Law. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit any 
party from complying with Law. Any party's compliance with Law shall not be deemed a 
breach of this Agreement. "Law" shall mean all laws, statutes, ordinances, orders, judgments, 
decrees, injunctions, decisions, rules, regulations, permits, licenses, authorizations, and 
requirements of all federal state or city boards, courts, authorities, agencies, officials and 
officers, now or at any time hereafter applicable to the parties or either of them or to the 
proposed transaction. 
26. 
Construction. This Agreement shall not be construed more strictly against one 
party than against the other because it may have been prepared primarily by counsel for one of 
the parties, it being recognized that both parties have contributed substantially and materially to 
IIF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730261
--- PAGE 21 ---
the preparation of this Agreement. The Section headings contained in this Agreement are for 
convenience only and shall neither enlarge nor limit the scope or meaning of the various 
Sections. In construing this Agreement, feminine or neuter pronouns shall be deemed to be 
substituted for those masculine in form and vice versa, and plural terms shall be deemed to be 
substituted for singular and singular for plural, in any place in which the context reasonably so 
requires. 
27. 
Business Days. If any date or any period provided for in this Agreement shall 
end on a Saturday, Sunday or date that is a legal holiday in the State of California, the applicable 
date or period shall be extended to the first Business Day following such Saturday, Sunday or 
legal holiday. "Business Day" shall mean any day of the year other than Saturdays, Sundays, all 
days observed by the federal or California State government as legal holidays and all days on 
which commercial banks in California State are required by law to be closed. Any reference in 
this Agreement to a "day" or a number of "days" (other than references to a "Business Day" or 
"Business Days") shall mean a calendar day or calendar days. 
28. 
Assignment. Buyer shall have the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to 
sell, transfer and assign to a third party all of its rights and interests in and to this Agreement. In 
the event of any assignment hereunder, the assignee shall execute an agreement, in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Seller, pursuant to which such assignee assumes all 
obligations of Buyer under this Agreement and affirms all representations, warranties and 
indemnities of Buyer hereunder. Further, notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the 
contrary, Buyer shall have the right in connection with the Closing to have title to the Seller 
Interest vest in its designee rather than in Buyer (as anticipated in the introductory paragraph). 
29. 
Binding Effect of Agreement; Successors and Assigns. 
The provisions of this 
Agreement apply to, bind and benefit the parties and their successors, permitted assigns, estates, 
heirs, executors, trustees, distributees and other legal representatives, and (to the extent relevant) 
guarantors, if any. 
30. 
No Partnership or Joint Venture. This Agreement shall not be construed as 
creating a partnership or joint venture. Neither party shall have any claim against the other with 
respect to any separate dealings, ventures, or assets of the other party, nor shall either party be 
liable for the other party's commitments, obligations, or liabilities in any business or personal 
dealings, other than the proposed transaction. 
31. 
Confidentiality. Each party agrees to hold this Agreement in strict confidence 
and not to disclose either the terms or the existence of this Agreement or any information 
contained in any documents delivered by either party to the other or to any third party in 
connection with this Agreement (collectively, "Information"), without the prior written consent 
of the other party; provided, however, that each party shall be permitted to disclose the terms or 
existence of this Agreement and any Information (a) to such party's members, managers, 
officers, directors, employees, attorneys, accountants, financial advisors, engineers, bankers and 
other professionals and advisors, and to such party's prospective lenders and investors, with a 
need to know, and (b) to applicable authorities as reasonably required pursuant to Law. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party may disclose any Information (i) that becomes public 
information or otherwise generally available to the public through no act or fault of such party, 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730262
--- PAGE 22 ---
or (ii) that is rightfully received by such party from a third party who did not receive the 
information directly or indirectly from the other party, or (iii) in connection with any litigation 
arising between the parties or if required by Law, provided that such party shall first give Notice 
(as hereinafter defined) to the other party and a reasonable opportunity to contest such 
disclosure, at the contesting party's sole cost and expense. 
32. 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, 
each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which, taken together, shall constitute one 
and the same instrument. Facsimile or PDF copies of an original signature by either party to this 
Agreement shall be binding as if said copies were original signatures. 
33. 
No Third Party Beneficiary. This Agreement is intended for the exclusive 
benefit of the parties and shall not create any rights in, or be enforceable by, any other person. 
34. 
Covenant of Further Assurances. On or after the Closing Date, each party 
shall from time to time, at its own expense, promptly execute and deliver to the other party all 
further instruments, agreements, or other documents, and take all further actions, that may be 
necessary, convenient or appropriate, or as the other party may reasonably request, in order to 
evidence, confirm, perfect or protect the agreement and understanding of the parties set forth in 
this Agreement, or to enable the parties to exercise or enforce their respective rights and 
remedies hereunder. 
35. 
Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given hereunder (a "Notice") 
shall be transmitted (a) by prepaid reputable overnight courier, or (b) by certified or registered 
U.S. mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or (c) by facsimile, or (d) by personal 
delivery, to the following addresses, or to such other addresses as the parties may substitute by 
Notice. In addition to the foregoing, in the case of the Buyer, any Notice shall be sent by e-mail 
to the Buyer at Buyer's e-mail address below, or such address as the Buyer may substitute by 
Notice: 
If to Seller, to: 
with a copy to: 
East West Bank 
135 North Los Robles Avenue, Th Floor 
Pasadena, California 91101 
Attention: 
Facsimile: 
If to Buyer, to: 
New Stanford Regency Venture, LLC 
350 S. Beverly Dr„ Suite 330 
Beverly Hills, California 90212 
Attention: Shawn Samson 
Attention: 
Esq. 
Facsimile: 
with a copy to: 
Herrick, Feinstein LLP 
Park Avenue 
New York, New York 10016 
Attention: Belinda Schwartz, Esq. 
Facsimile: (212) 545-3388 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730263
--- PAGE 23 ---
=
Facsimil 
E-mail: 
In order to constitute effective notice to the other party, a Notice shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed to have been given (i) upon receipt, when sent by prepaid reputable overnight 
courier, (ii) when transmitted by facsimile machine, if followed by delivery, pursuant to one of 
the other means set forth in this Section, before the end of the first Business Day thereafter, of 
printed confirmation of the successful transmission to the appropriate facsimile number, (iii) 
personally delivered with signed delivery receipt obtained, or (iv) three days after the date so 
mailed if sent postage prepaid by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested. 
36. 
Amendments Only in Writing. This Agreement shall not be altered, modified, 
amended or terminated except by an instrument in writing executed and delivered by the parties, 
each to the other. 
37. 
Complete Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and 
understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the proposed transaction. The parties 
acknowledge that they have had sufficient time to make all relevant investigations and inquiries. 
No representation, promise, inducement or statement of intention relating to the proposed 
transaction has been made by any party that is not set forth in this Agreement. All prior 
communications, negotiations, instruments and understandings, whether oral or written, shall be 
deemed merged in this Agreement. 
[no further text on this page) 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730264
--- PAGE 24 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties have executed this Agreement as of 
the date first set forth above. 
SELLER: 
EAST WEST BANK, 
a California banking corporation 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
BUYER: 
NEW STANFORD REGENCY VENTURE, 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730265
--- PAGE 25 ---
SCHEDULE A 
LIST OF LOAN DOCUMENTS 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730266
--- PAGE 26 ---
SCHEDULE B 
Property Related Expenses 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730267
--- PAGE 27 ---
EXHIBIT A 
ASSIGNMENT AND ENDORSEMENT OF 
PROMISSORY NOTE 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, hereby assigns, transfers, conveys 
and endorses to the order of 
, a  
, without recourse or 
representation or warranty (other than as set forth in that certain Loan Purchase and Sale 
Agreement made between 
 and the undersigned dated of even 
date herewith), all of the undersigned's right, title and interest in and to the Promissory Note to 
which this Endorsement is attached, being specifically described as that certain Promissory Note 
dated 
, 
in 
the 
original 
stated 
principal 
amount 
of 
DOLLARS ($ 
) wherein  
, is 
the Maker and 
 was the original Payee, as such Promissory Note has 
been amended from time to time. 
a 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
,20 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730268
--- PAGE 28 ---
EXHIBIT B 
ASSIGNMENT OF DEED OF TRUST 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730269
--- PAGE 29 ---
EXHIBIT C 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730270
--- PAGE 30 ---
EXHIBIT D 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LOAN DOCUMENTS 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  
, a  
("Assignor"), hereby grants, sells, assigns, transfers and conveys to 
, a 
 ("Assignee"), those certain Loan documents set forth on Exhibit A 
attached hereto and made a part hereof (collectively, the "Loan Documents"), and thereby 
transfers all of Assignor's right, title and interest in and to all the rights, liens, collateral, security 
interests and remedies arising thereunder ("Seller's Interest"). Seller's Interest is 70% of the 
Loan evidenced by the transferred Loan Documents. 
This Assignment and Assumption of Loan Documents (this "Assignment and 
Assumption") is made pursuant to a certain Loan Purchase and Sale Contract, dated as of 
, 20 , by and between Assignor and Assignee (the "Purchase Agreement"). 
Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Purchase Agreement. This Assignment and Assumption is made without representation or 
warranty of any kind, except for the representations and warranties set forth in the Purchase 
Agreement. The covenants, agreements, representations, warranties, indemnities and limitations 
provided in the Purchase Agreement with respect to the property conveyed hereunder, are hereby 
incorporated herein by this reference as if herein set out in full and shall inure to the benefit of 
and shall be binding upon Assignee and Assignor and their respective successors and assigns. 
Assignee hereby agrees to and accepts the foregoing assignment and Assignee hereby 
expressly assumes and agrees to keep, perform, and fulfill all of the terms, covenants, 
obligations, and conditions required to be kept, performed, and fulfilled by Assignor under, 
and/or with respect to, the Mortgage Loan and the Loan Documents, but only to the extent first 
arising or accruing from and after the date of this Assignment and Assumption. 
The provisions of this Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon and shall inure 
to the benefit of Assignor and Assignee and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, 
successors and assigns. 
This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in several counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same document. 
This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
the laws of the State of California. 
Whenever the context so requires in this Assignment and Assumption, all words used in 
the singular shall be construed to have been used in the plural (and vice versa), each gender shall 
be construed to include other genders, and the word "person" shall be construed to include a 
natural person, a corporation, a firm, a partnership, a joint venture, a trust, an estate or any other 
entity. 
Each provision of this Assignment and Assumption shall be valid and enforceable to the 
fullest extent permitted by law. If any provision of this Assignment and Assumption or the 
application of such provision to any person or circumstance shall, to any extent, be invalid or 
unenforceable, then the remainder of this Assignment and Assumption, or the application of such 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730271
--- PAGE 31 ---
provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or 
unenforceable, shall not be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability. 
Assignor agrees to execute and deliver to Assignee such additional documents, 
instruments or agreements as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the purposes of this 
Assignment and Assumption. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Assignor and Assignee each has executed this Assignment and 
Assumption as of the _ day of 
, 20 . 
ASSIGNOR: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
ASSIGNEE: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
[insert appropriate acknowledgments] 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730272
--- PAGE 32 ---
EXHIBIT A TO ASSIGNMENT OF LOAN DOCUMENTS 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730273
--- PAGE 33 ---
EXHIBIT E 
ASSIGNMENT OF LITIGATION 
a  
having an 
office 
at 
 ("Assignor"), in consideration of Ten ($10.00) Dollars and other 
good 
and 
valuable 
consideration 
received 
from 
a 
, having an office at 
("Assignee"), hereby 
assigns, transfers and sets over to Assignee, effective as of the date hereof, all of Assignor's 
right, title and interest in and to (i) that certain foreclosure action now pending in the Supreme 
Court of the State of California, Los Angeles County, entitled  
LLC v. 
, et at, Index No.  
 (the "Foreclosure Action"), including, 
without limitation, all of the assignor's right, title and interest, if any, in and to any monies that 
are now in, or may hereafter come into, the possession of the court-appointed receiver in the 
Foreclosure Action, with respect to the real property more particularly described therein, and (ii) 
any matters pertaining to the pending Chapter 11 proceedings concerning the Borrower's 
bankruptcy filing ("Bankruptcy Proceedings"). 
This Assignment of Litigation Rights (this "Assignment") is made pursuant to a certain 
Loan Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of 
2010, by and between Assignor 
and Assignee (the "Purchase Agreement"). Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized 
terms shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement. This Assignment is made 
without recourse to the Assignor and without representation or warranty of any kind, either 
expressed or implied, whether in law or in equity, except for the representations and warranties set 
forth in the Purchase Agreement, if any, with respect to the Foreclosure Action or the 
Bankruptcy Proceedings. The covenants, agreements, representations, warranties, indemnities 
and limitations provided in the Purchase Agreement with respect to the property conveyed 
hereunder, are hereby incorporated herein by this reference as if herein set out in full and shall 
inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon Assignee and Assignor and their respective 
successors and assigns. 
The provisions of this Assignment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of 
Assignor and Assignee and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and 
assigns. 
This Assignment may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed 
an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same document. 
This Assignment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the 
State of California. 
Whenever the context so requires in this Assignment, all words used in the singular shall 
be construed to have been used in the plural (and vice versa), each gender shall be construed to 
include other genders, and the word "person" shall be construed to include a natural person, a 
corporation, a firm, a partnership, a joint venture, a trust, an estate or any other entity. 
Each provision of this Assignment shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent 
permitted by law. If any provision of this Assignment or the application of such provision to any 
[IF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730274
--- PAGE 34 ---
person or circumstance shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, then the remainder of 
this Assignment, or the application of such provision to persons or circumstances other than 
those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected by such invalidity or 
unenforceability. 
Assignor agrees to execute and deliver to Assignee such additional documents, 
instruments or agreements as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the purposes of this 
Assignment. 
[THE NEXT PAGE IS THE SIGNATURE PAGE] 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730275
--- PAGE 35 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and Assignee each has executed this Assignment as 
of the 
day of 
, 2010. 
ASSIGNOR: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
ASSIGNEE: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
[insert appropriate acknowledgments] 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730276
--- PAGE 36 ---
EXHIBIT F 
COPY OF PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730277
--- PAGE 37 ---
EXHIBIT G 
PLEDGE AGREEMENT 
HF 6038202v.3 #88000/0106 
EFTA00730278

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730279.pdf
----------------------------------------
4,
SALE 
STAPLE_S 
that was easy. 
Low prices. Every item. Every day. 
2029 Okeechobee Boulevard 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33409 
(561) 686-4054 
594565 3 001 37685 
1683 03/25/09 05:59 
**********44************14****************
$5,000 SHOPPING SPREE AT STAPLES! 
ENTER TO WIN! 
We care about what you think! 
Take a short survey and be entered 
into a monthly drawing. Just log on to 
www.staples-survey.com 
or call 1-800-890-7305 
Your survey code: 0100 9569 8499 0244 
***Tome nuestra encuesta en espanol en 
la pAgina del Internet o por tel?fono. 
Consiga las reglas en la tienda.*** 
See store for rules. 
Survey code expires 04/01/2009. 
()TY SKU 
I 
nEiGum 10/(00 o-p 
606449022971 
SUBTOTAL 
Standard Tax 8.50% 
TOTAL 
Debit Tender: 
Card No.: XXXXXXXXXXX8026 [S) 
Auth No,: 594815 
TOTAL ITEMS 
PRICE 
24.99 
24.99 
1.62 
$26.61 
26.61 
Compare and Save 
with Staples-brand products. 
THANK YOU FOR SHOPPING AT STAPLES ! 
Shop online at www.staples.com 
Get a $50 rebate when you recycle any 
printer and buy a new one $179 or 
more reg. price. Now thru 5/2/09. 
Ask an associate for detai s. 
I1111011q111)1I21111111,111
EFTA00730279

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730280.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
HAND PIECE ON HOOK 
❑R VERTICAL BAR -
LOCATION TBD ON 
SITE 
HAND-HELD SHOWER 
VALVE 
Cu 
• 
HAND-HELD 
SHOWER CW 
SUPPLY  
ir- TYP. 
GROOVE 
/WATER 
RUN OFF 
NOTE: A PERSON CAN 
LEAN AGAINST THE 
WEST WALL WITH 
HIS/HER LEG STRETCH 
❑N THE BENCH 
2'-3' 
1/2' 
• 
11-8' 
11-6' 
HAND PIECE ON HOOK OR 
VERTICAL BAR -
PLACEMENT TBD ON SITE 
HAND-HELD SHOWER 
VALVE 
HAND-HELD SHOWER CW 
SUPPLY 
1/2' 
EFTA00730280

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730281.pdf
----------------------------------------
l'-6' 
Is-6' 
r-3' 
et+ 
EFTA00730281

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730282.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730282.pdf
----------------------------------------
STEPHEN CAPLINGER 
SUMMARY 
Period Paid For: 
DPMG 
Salary & Benefits 
thru DPMG 
Expense 
Reimbursement 
MSI 
Totals 
Paid to date 
Jun-09 
18,301.42 
1,234.37 
5,545.00 
25,080.79 
Jul-09 
18,301.42 
1,476.03 
23,636.87 
43,414.32 
Aug-09 
18,301.42 
443.00 
14,056.00 
32,800.42 
Sep-09 
18,301.42 
171.87 
15,403.50 I I
33,876.79 
Oct-09 
18,301.42 
11,901.87 
30,203.29 
Nov-09 
18,301.42 
222.93 
18,524.35 
Dec-09 
18,301.42 
18,301.42 
Jan-10 
1,225.33 
1,225.33 
Feb-10 
512.26 
512.26 
Total Paid to date 
128,109.94 
5,285.79 
70,543.24 
203,426.71 
Unpaid Invoices 
Jan-10 
18,301.42 
18,301.42 
Feb-10 
18,301.42 
18,301.42 
Total Unpaid Invoices 
36,602.84 
36,602.84 
EFTA00730282

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730283.pdf
----------------------------------------
Name: Steve Chavez 
Age: 31 yrs 
Married for 12yrs, with 2 children, ages 6 and 4. 
Present Occupation: Delivery Driver for Pepsi Company 
Present Salary: Approx $35,000.00 
Present Benefits: Employee contributed medical which includes dental and vision, 
Weeks Vacation and 10 days Statutory Holidays 
Background: 
Currently living on his family owned ranch just outside of Moriarty. Steve has a strong background as a 
Ranch Hand having worked part time for Sammy King and knows this area very well. He also has heavy 
machine operator experience, which includes dump truck, backhoes, loaders, dozers and scrappers. 
Other skills include, welding, fencing, general building skills and enjoys working with horses. 
Employment History: 
2009 — 
Pepsi Company, Albuquerque, NM 
2005 - 2009 
GCC Rio Grande Inc, Tijeras, NM 
Was laid off due to staff cut backs 
2003 - 2005 
Franklins Earth Moving, Albuquerque, NM 
1997 - 2002 
Chavez & Sons Trucking, Moriarty. NM 
EFTA00730283

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730284.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730284.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JANE DOE II, 
CASE NO. 502008CA020614XXXXMB AB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, and 
Defendants. 
STIPULATION FOR SUBSTITUTION OF COUNSEL AND 
ORDER APPROVING SUBSTITUTION OF COUNSEL 
STIPULATION FOR SUBSTITUTION OF COUNSEL 
David W. Spicer, Esq. of the Law Offices of David W. Spicer, P.A., whose 
address is, 11000 Prosperity Farms Road, Suite 104, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410, 
shall substitute for Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq. of the law firm of Burman, Critton Luttier & 
Coleman, LLP, as counsel of record in the above matter and that Burman, Critton, 
Luttier & Coleman, LLP, may withdraw as counsel and be relieved of any further 
representation in this case as of the date of the signing of the order. 
Dated April 
 2009. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN, LLP 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-842-2829 
RITTON, JR. 
Florida Bar o. 224162 
LAW OFFICES OF DAVID W. SPICER, P.A. 
11000 Prosperity Farms Road, Suite 104 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
561-625-6066 
By: 
I hereby consent to the substitution of counsel. 
DAVID W 
Florida B 
6290 
By: JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EFTA00730284
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
ORDER APPROVING SUBSTITUTION OF COUNSEL 
THIS CAUSE having come before the Court upon the foregoing Stipulation for 
Substitution of Counsel, and the Court being otherwise advised in the premises, it is 
hereby 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED that the foregoing Stipulation be and the same is 
hereby approved, and that David W. Spicer of the Law Offices of David W. Spicer shall 
henceforth be the attorney of record for the Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, in the 
above-styled cause. 
DONE and ORDERED at Palm Beach County Courthouse, West Palm Beach, 
Florida, this 
day of  
, 2009. 
Judge Donald Hafele 
Circuit Court Judge 
Copies to: 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman, Suite 400, 515 North 
Flagler Drive, West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger & Weiss, P.A., 250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400, West Palm 
Beach, FL 33401-5012 (co-counsel for Defendant); David W. Spicer, Esq., Law Offices 
of David W. Spicer, P.A., 11000 Prosperity Farms Road, Suite 104, Palm Beach 
Gardens, FL 33410; and Isidro M. Garcia, Esq., Garcia Law Firm, P.A., 224 Datura 
Street, Suite 900, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 (counsel of record for Plaintiff) 
EFTA00730285

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730286.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV- 80893 - MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendants. 
/ 
Joint Stipulation Of Mootness Regarding Plaintiff's Emergency Motion For Hearing 
Finding That Epstein Is In Civil Contempt Of The Court's Two Orders Forbidding 
Harassment And Indirect Contact, For Appropriate Sanctions, And Additional Remedies 
Including Referral For Criminal Contempt 
Plaintiff, JANE DOE and Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN ("Epstein"), hereby file their 
Joint Stipulation of Mootness Regarding Plaintiff's Emergency Motion for Hearing Finding That 
Epstein Is In Civil Contempt of the Court's Two Orders Forbidding Harassment And Indirect 
Contact, For Appropriate Sanctions, And Additional Remedies Including Referral for Criminal 
Contempt (the "Motion for Contempt"), and each state: 
I. 
On July 2, 2010, Plaintiff filed the Motion for Contempt and an associated Motion 
to file same under seal. (DE ) 
2. 
The parties have resolved the above lawsuit. 
3. 
Plaintiff's counsel has been advised that the investigator was hired by Defense 
Counsel and was supervised by Defense Counsel. 
4. 
Defense counsel hired the investigators following the exchange that occurred at 
the June 12, 2009 hearing on Defendant's Motion to Stay the cases. See Composite Exhibit 
EFTA00730286
--- PAGE 2 ---
"A" at pages 26-30 & 33-34. For instance, the court asked Plaintiffs' attorneys the following 
questions: 
The Court: [] So again, I just want to make sure that if the cases go forward and 
if Mr. Epstein defends the case as someone ordinarily would defend a case being 
prosecuted against him or her, that that in and of itself is not going to cause him to 
be subject to criminal prosecution? 
*** 
The Court: You agree he should be able to take the ordinary steps that a 
defendant in a civil action can take and not be concerned about having to be 
prosecuted? 
*** 
The Court: Okay. But again, you're in agreement with everyone else so far 
that's spoken on behalf of a plaintiff that defending the case in the normal course 
of conducting discovery and filing motions would not be a breach? 
Mr. Horowitz — counsel for Jane Does 2-7: Subject to your rulings, of course, 
yes. 
*** 
The Court: But you're not taking the position that other than possibly doing 
something in litigation which is any other discovery, motion practice, 
investigations that someone would ordinarily do in the course of defending a civil 
case would constitute a violation of the agreement? (Ex. "A," p.34). 
Ms. Villafana: No, your honor. I mean, civil litigation is civil litigation, and 
being able to take discovery is part of what civil litigation is all about.... But. . . , 
Mr. Epstein is entitled to take the deposition of a Plaintiff and to subpoena 
records, etc. 
5. 
Putting aside certain fact disputes between the Plaintiff, defendant and their 
respective investigators to what occurred, both parties agree the issues are moot and warrant no 
further action. Accordingly, the Motion for Contempt should be deemed moot and an order 
should be entered withdrawing same on that basis. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff and Defendant requests that the Court enter and order finding 
the above Motion for Contempt as moot, and grant any additional relief the Court deems just and 
proper. 
Respectfully submitted, 
EFTA00730287
--- PAGE 3 ---
By:  Is/ Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following service list in the manner specified via 
transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CMIECF on this 
day of July, 2010: 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos 
& Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave. 
Suite #2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
o-counse or am 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
By:  Is/ Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTHER & COLEMAN, LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00730288
--- PAGE 4 ---
(Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00730289

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730290.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV- 80893 - MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendants. 
Joint Stipulation 
Plaintiff, JANE DOE and Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN ("Epstein"), hereby file their 
Joint Stipulation Regarding Certain Correspondence Obtained By Jane Doe's attorneys during 
discovery, and each state: 
I. 
In July 2010, the law firm of Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos and 
Lehrman, PL. (the "Law Firm"), Paul G. Cassell, Esq. and Jay Howell, Esq. ("Plaintiff's 
Lawyers") received through discovery certain correspondence between Epstein's agents and 
federal prosecutors (the "Correspondence"). 
2. 
With the exception of the Addendum to Settlement Agreement entered into in the 
above-styled 
matter 
and 
in 
the 
matters 
of M. 
vs. 
Epstein, 
CASE 
NO. 
502008CA028051XXXXMB 
AB 
and 
vs. 
Epstein, 
CASE 
NO. 
502008CA028058XXXXMB AD, The Law Firm and Plaintiff's Lawyers hereby agree that 
neither they nor their agents, lawyers, partners or employees will disseminate the 
Correspondence to any third parties including, but not limited to, news media, and will only use 
EFTA00730290
--- PAGE 2 ---
the Correspondence for purposes of the uses specifically outlined in paragraph 3 of the 
Addendums to Settlement referenced above and only after notice is given as provided for in 
paragraph 3 of the Addendums to Settlement. 
3. 
To the extent the Law Firm or Plaintiff's Lawyers have additional lawsuits against 
Epstein, the information may be used in those lawsuits after 7 days notice is provided to Mr. 
Epstein. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff and Defendant requests that the Court enter an order on the 
above stipulation, and grant any additional relief the Court deems just and proper. 
Local Rule 7.1 Statement 
Pursuant to the above rule, the undersigned counsel and Plaintiff's counsel have 
conferred and have agreed to same. 
Respectfully submitted, 
By:  Is/ Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following service list in the manner specified via 
transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CMIECF on this _day of July, 2010: 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos 
& Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave. 
Suite #2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
ISM 
EFTA00730291
--- PAGE 3 ---
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
By:  Is/ Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN, LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
(Co-Counsel for Defendant Jay Epstein) 
EFTA00730292

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730293.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM 
BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JANE DOE II, 
CASE NO. 502008CA020614XXXXMB AB 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, and 
Defendants. 
STIPULATION FOR SUBSTITUTION OF COUNSEL AND 
ORDER APPROVING SUBSTITUTION OF COUNSEL 
STIPULATION FOR SUBSTITUTION OF COUNSEL 
David W. Spicer, Esq. of the Law Offices of David W. Spicer, P.A., whose 
address is, 11000 Prosperity Farms Road, Suite 104, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410, 
shall substitute for Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq. of the law firm of Burman, Critton Luttier & 
Coleman, LLP, as counsel of record in the above matter and that Burman, Critton, 
Luttier & Coleman, LLP, may withdraw as counsel and be relieved of any further 
representation in this case as of the date of the signing of the order. 
Dated April 
a 2009. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN, LLP 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-842-2829 
By: 
LAW OFFICES OF DAVID W. SPICER, PA. 
11000 Prosperity Farms Road, Suite 104 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
561-625-6066 
By: 
ROBERT D. RITTON, JR. 
DAVID W. SPICER 
Florida Bar o. 224162 
Florida Bar No. 306290 
I hereby consent to the substitution of counsel. 
By: JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EFTA00730293
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
ORDER APPROVING SUBSTITUTION OF COUNSEL 
THIS CAUSE having come before the Court upon the foregoing Stipulation for 
Substitution of Counsel, and the Court being otherwise advised in the premises, it is 
hereby 
ORDERED and ADJUDGED that the foregoing Stipulation be and the same is 
hereby approved, and that David W. Spicer of the Law Offices of David W. Spicer shall 
henceforth be the attorney of record for the Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, in the 
above-styled cause. 
DONE and ORDERED at Palm Beach County Courthouse, West Palm Beach, 
Florida, this 
day of  
, 2009. 
Judge Donald Hafele 
Circuit Court Judge 
Copies to: 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman, Suite 400, 515 North 
Flagler Drive, West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger & Weiss, P.A., 250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400, West Palm 
Beach, FL 33401-5012 (co-counsel for Defendant); David W. Spicer, Esq., Law Offices 
of David W. Spicer, P.A., 11000 Prosperity Farms Road, Suite 104, Palm Beach 
Gardens, FL 33410; and Isidro M. Garcia, Esq., Garcia Law Firm, P.A., 224 Datura 
Street, Suite 900, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 (counsel of record for Plaintiff) 
EFTA00730294

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730295.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
AVA aka MAXIMILIA CORDERO, 
Plaintiff, 
- against -
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, VICTORIA'S SECRET STORES 
BRAND MANAGEMENT, INC. AKA VICTORIA'S 
SECRET, LESLIE WEXNER, NINE EAST 71 STREET 
CORPORATION, JEFFREY EPSTEIN AND CO., 
Defendants. 
Index No. 113903/07 
STIPULATION OF DISCONTINUANCE 
Pursuant to CPLR Rule 3217(a)(2), Plaintiff and Defendants, through their undersigned counsel, 
hereby state that (a) no party to the above-captioned action is a conservatee or an infant or 
incompetent person for whom a committee has been appointed, and no person not a party thereto 
has an interest in the subject matter of the above-captioned action, and (b) the above-captioned 
action, and all claims therein, is hereby discontinued in its entirety with prejudice, with each 
party to bear its own costs and fees. 
Dated: October 
2009 
New York, New York 
KIRICLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Attorneys for Defendants-Respondents 
Jeffrey Epstein, Nine East and Jeffrey 
Epstein and Co. 
601 Lexington Avenue 
New York. NY 100224611 
By:  
Mindy Yu 
JACQUELINE MARI 
Attorney for Plaintiff-Appellant Ava a.k.a. 
Maximilia Corder° 
East 98th Street, Suite 7F 
New York, NY 10029 
By:  
Jacqueline Mari 
EFTA00730295
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00730296

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730297.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80893-MARRA-JOHNSON 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
STIPULATION OF DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
Plaintiff, JANE DOE and Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, (collectively, 
"Parties"), by and through their undersigned counsel and pursuant to Rule 41(A)(il) of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, hereby stipulate to the dismissal of this action with 
prejudice. Each party shall bear their own attorneys fees and costs. The Parties further 
stipulate that the Court shall retain jurisdiction to enforce the terms of the Parties' 
settlement and Joint Stipulation [DE 2071 and order thereon. 
0A•fir 
Dated this 
v 
day of July, 2010 
Respectfully submitted, 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & 
COLEMAN, LLP 
Attorneys for Jeffr 
pstein 
ITTON, JR., ESQ. 
4162 
303 Banyan Boulevard 
By.
EDWARDS, ESQ. 
Florida B 
o. 542075 
425 N. A 
rews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
JAFFE, WEISSI NG, 
FISTOS & LEHRMAN, PL 
Jane Doe 
EFTA00730297
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Nam 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being 
served this day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the 
manner specified by CM/ECF on this 
day of  
July 
 2010: 
Respectfully submitted, 
By:  Is/ Robert D. Griffon, Jr. 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
4162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
BURMAN,CR 
ON,LUTTIER & COLEMAN,LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard,Suite 400 
L 33401 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos 
& Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
111111. 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack Alan Goldberger 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
401-5012 
EFTA00730298
--- PAGE 3 ---
Pago 3 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E. Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
EFTA00730299

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730300.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730300.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
AFFIDAVIT OF STORY COWLES 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
) SS 
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH 
) 
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, personally appeared Story Cowles 
having personal knowledge and being duly sworn, deposes and says: 
I. 
I, Story Cowles, was hired by Jack Goldberger, Esq., July 16, 2008 and have been 
employed by Mr. Goldberger since that time. 
2. 
I was hired as Mr. Goldberger's law office assistant to be directly involved only 
with Mr. Epstein's case while he was serving his jail sentence at the Palm Beach County 
Stockade. I was employed to be, among other things, a conduit for information between the 
attorneys (criminal and civil) and Mr. Epstein. 
3. 
I did not know, nor have any knowledge of, Mr. Epstein prior to my employment 
with Mr. Goldberger. 
EFTA00730300
--- PAGE 2 ---
4. 
I did not know, nor have any knowledge of, 
prior to my employment 
with Mr. Goldberger. 
5. 
While I have dated and continue to date Ms. 
, we specifically have not and 
do not discuss the facts of the cases against her and Mr. Epstein. 
6. 
Mr. Epstein has never discussed the claims asserted against him with me other 
than when his attorneys were present or when I transmitted information between Mr. Epstein and 
his attorneys. 
FURTHER THE AFFIANT SAYETH NAUGHT. 
Story Cowles 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH 
I hereby Certify that on this day, before me, an officer duly authorized to administer 
oaths and take acknowledgments, personally appeared Story Cowles known to me to be the 
person described in and who executed the foregoing Affidavit, who acknowledged before me 
that he/she executed the same, that I relied upon the following form of identification of the above 
named person: 
, and that an oath was/was not taken. 
WITNESS my hand and official seal in the County and State last aforesaid this 
day of 
, 2010. 
PRINT NAME:  
(SEAL) 
NOTARY PUBLIC/STATE OF FLORIDA 
COMMISSION NO.: 
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES: 
EFTA00730301

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730302.pdf
----------------------------------------
Story A. Cowles 
300 Queens Lane, Palm Beach, FL 33480 
cM
IM 
"A Solid Record of Performance in Customer Service and Client Relations" 
SUMMARY: 
Energetic and results-oriented Professional with a consistent track record for handling 
multiple activities and projects. Very focused on attention to detail, and achieving goals. Recognized for 
demonstrating excellent interpersonal skills, and for the ability to partner well with team members. 
CORE SKILLS: 
Sales • Client Relations • Customer Service • Training • Office Administration • Accounting 
Legal Skills • Communications • Leadership and Team-work • Fund-raising 
EXPERIENCE: 
ATTERBURY GOLDBERGER & WEISS, P.A., West Palm Beach, FL (Full Time) 
July 2008-Current 
Atterbuty, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. is an accomplished Florida law firm specializing in criminal defense 
Paralegal and Specialized Client Relations 
Responsibilities include dealing with firm's highest net worth client. Overseeing complex litigation. Coordinated all 
financial aspects of multi jurisdictional litigation. 
JAMES K. GREEN, P.A., West Palm Beach, FL (Full Time) 
January 2006-March 2008 
Law firm handling constitutional and crimial law Heads the Palm Beach County Chapter of ACLU. 
Paralegal 
Responsibilities include client screening, research, office work, client relations, and training of new employees. Administer a 
variety of client interactions including billing, correspondence, client intakes for ACLU cases. Maintain client relations on 
criminal cases. 
THE PARADISE FUND, Palm Beach, FL (Full Time) 
January 2007— April 2009 
Feeder Fund to International Charities. 
President 
Responsible for all activities related to raising charitable funds including event planning, administration, marketing and 
building strong community relationships. Insure that all proceeds are donated to charity. 
Accomplishment: 
• Within 2 years gained overwhelming success in Palm Beach with fund-raising efforts. 
SOTHEBY'S INTERNATIONAL REALTY, Palm Beach, FL (Part-Time) 
October 2006 — December 2007 
Real estate company selling luxury homes and estate homes in Palm Beach and throughout the world. 
Licensed Realtor 
Worked with high net worth individuals purchasing some of the most expensive real estate in the U.S. 
EDUCATION: 
AA Degree, 2003 
TCC, Tallahassee, FL 
COMPUTER SKILLS: • Proficient in Microsoft: Word — Excel — Powerpoint • Proficient with MAC OS • Peachtree 
HOBBIES: • Hiking • Boating • Skiing 
EFTA00730302

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730303.pdf
----------------------------------------
STEVEN JAY STRUMWASSER 
SUMMARY 
US Dollars 
Description 
Amount 
Total Billed thru 7/10/09 
5,681.50 
Total Paid thru 12/18/09 - Critton 
0.00 
Total Paid thru 12/18/09 - JEE 
0.00 
Total Outstanding Balance as of 12/18/09 
$ 
5,681.50 
EFTA00730303
--- PAGE 2 ---
STEVEN JAY STRUMWASSER 
Invoice & Payment History 
US Dollars 
Payments from 
Date 
Payments from 
Date 
Invoice Date 
Amount 
Crltton 
Paid 
JEE 
Paid 
7/17/2009 
5,681.50 
TOTALS 
5.681.50 
0.00 
0.00 
Total Outstanding Balance as of 12/18/09 
$ 
5,681.50 
EFTA00730304

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730305.pdf
----------------------------------------
B's LLC 
4600 Lincoln rd. Ne 
Albuquerque, NM 87109 
April 29, 2009 
C/o ZOff0 Ranch 
Stanley, NM 
Re: Stucco repairs on exterior of house and walls 
Clean areas as necessary to receive new stucco 
Patch holes and cracks 
Apply concentrate with fiber 
Finish coat will be completed with Sto acrylic to match existing finish 
600 square yards x 42.00 per yard = $ 25,200.00 
Ranch central 
Prep area as needed to accept new stucco 
Patch and repair holes and cracks 
Apply new stucco 
$ 1,700.00 
Includes; material, labor, equipment and machinery necessary to complete 
the project. 
$ 26,800.00 plus tax 
Apply acrylic elastomeric coating, used for bridging hairline cracks, to 
match existing paint on above acrylic repairs (Sto Acrylic) 2.00 per sq ft. x 
5400 sq. ft. 
Painting 
$ 10,800.00 plus tax 
EFTA00730305
--- PAGE 2 ---
Includes; material, labor, equipment and machinery necessary to complete 
the project. 
Does not include; electrical, plumbing, painting or staining 
Please call me 505-450-3654 if you have any questions. 
Thank you for the opportunity to bid your project 
Sincerely, 
JJ Blea 
B's LLC 
EFTA00730306

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730307.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502006CA026051XXXXMB 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
FOR DEPOSITION 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA: 
TO: 
Janusz Banasiak 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear before a person authorized by law to take 
depositions on October 7, 2009 at 2:00 p.m., at Esquire Court Reporters, 515 N 
Flagler Dr., West Palm Beach, FL 33401.for the taking of your deposition in this action 
and to have with you at that time and place the following: 
See Schedule "A" attached. 
If you fail to appear, you may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed 
to appear by the following attorneys and unless excused from this Subpoena by these 
attorneys or the Court you shall respond to this Subpoena as directed. 
DATED on August 
, 2009. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 EastLas Olas Blvd 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
MOO
542075 
For The Court 
EFTA00730307
--- PAGE 2 ---
Schedule "A" 
Documents, writings, agreements, correspondence, schedules, diaries, personal 
notes, message pads, names of "masseuses" and all other writings of any kind, related in 
anyway to Jeffrey Epstein or your employment with him. 
EFTA00730308

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730309.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
FOR VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA: 
TO: 
' 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear before a person authorized by law to take 
depositions on October 7, 2009 at 10:00 a.m., at 
_ Esquire Court Reporters, 515 
North Flagler Drive, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 for the taking of your deposition in 
this action and to have with you at that time and place the following: 
All original flight logs from January, 1998 through present for any and all 
aircraft/airplanes/jets which you piloted or co-piloted that were owned or 
controlled by Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell. 
If you fail to appear, you may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed 
to appear by the following attorneys and unless excused from this Subpoena by these 
attorneys or the Court you shall respond to this Subpoena as directed. 
DATED on August2472009. 
EFTA00730309
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Blvd 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
For The Court 
EFTA00730310

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730311.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
FOR VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA: 
TO: 
William Gary Hammond, 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear before a person authorized by law to take 
depositions on October 13, 2009 at 2:00 p.m., at Esquire Court Reporters, 515 
North Flagler Drive, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 for the taking of your deposition in 
this action and to have with you at that time and place the following: 
All original flight logs from January, 1998 through present for any and all 
aircraft/airplanes/jets which you piloted or co-piloted that were owned or 
controlled by Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell. 
If you fail to appear, you may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed 
to appear by the following attorneys and unless excused from this Subpoena by these 
attorneys or the Court you shall respond to this Subpoena as directed. 
DATED on September 1, 2009. 
EFTA00730311
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Blvd 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
SSW 
Ple/12 
For Thetourt
EFTA00730312

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730313.pdf
----------------------------------------
AO 88A (Rev. 01/09) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition or to Produce Documents in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of Florida 
JANE DOE 
Plaintiff 
V. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
) 
Defendant 
) 
Civil Action No. 08-90893CIV-MARRA JOHNSO 
(If the action is pending in another district, state where: 
SUBPOENA TO TESTIFY AT A DEPOSITION 
OR TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: 
H' Testimony: YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at the time, date, and place set forth below to testify at a 
deposition to be taken in this civil action. If you are an organization that is not a party in this case, you must designate 
one or more officers, directors, or managing agents, or designate other persons who consent to testify on your behalf 
about the following matters, or those set forth in an attachment: 
Place: Esquire Court Reporters, One Penn Plaza 
Date and Time: 
Suite 4715, New York, NY 
The deposition will be recorded by this method: 
09/03/2009 11:00 am 
O Production: You, or your representatives, must also bring with you to the deposition the following documents, 
electronically stored information, or objects, and permit their inspection, copying, testing, or sampling of the 
material: 
The provisions of Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(c), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena, and Rule 
(d) and (e), relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so, are 
attached. 
Date: 
CLERK OF COURT 
OR 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
Attorney's signature 
The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing (name ofpony) 
, who issues or requests this subpoena, are: 
Brad Edwards. Es 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, 401 E. Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
EFTA00730313
--- PAGE 2 ---
AO 88A (Rev. 01/09) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition or to Produce Documents in a Civil Action (Page 2) 
Civil Action No. 08-908930 IV-MARRA/JOHNSO 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the cour► unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 45.) 
This subpoena for (name of individual and title. ?fatty) 
was received by me on (date) 
O I personally served the subpoena on the individual at (place) 
on (date) 
; or 
O I left the subpoena at the individual's residence or usual place of abode with (name) 
, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 
on (date) 
, and mailed a copy to the individual's last known address; or 
O I served the subpoena on (name of individual) 
designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of (name of organization) 
on (date) 
O I returned the subpoena unexecuted because 
O Other (.specify): 
, who is 
; or 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
My fees are $ 
for travel and $ 
Date: 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
for services, for a total of $ 
0.00 
Server's signature 
; or 
Printed name and title 
Server's address 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
EFTA00730314
--- PAGE 3 ---
AO 88A (Rev. 01/09) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition or to Produce Documents in a Civil Action (Page 3) 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 45 (c), (d), and (e) (Effective 12/1/07) 
(c) Protecting a Person Subject to a Subpoena. 
(1) Avoiding Undue Burden or Expense; Sanctions. A party or 
attorney responsible for issuing and serving a subpoena must take 
reasonable steps to avoid imposing undue burden or expense on a 
person subject to the subpoena. The issuing court must enforce this 
duty and impose an appropriate sanction — which may include lost 
earnings and reasonable attorney's fees — on a party or attorney 
who fails to comply. 
(2) Command to Produce Materials or Permit Inspection. 
(A) Appearance Not Required. A person commanded to produce 
documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things, or 
to permit the inspection of premises, need not appear in person at the 
place of production or inspection unless also commanded to appear 
for a deposition, hearing, or trial. 
(B) Objections. A person commanded to produce documents or 
tangible things or to permit inspection may serve on the party or 
attorney designated in the subpoena a written objection to 
inspecting, copying, testing or sampling any or all of the materials or 
to inspecting the premises — or to producing electronically stored 
information in the form or forms requested. The objection must be 
served before the earlier of the time specified for compliance or 14 
days after the subpoena is served. If an objection is made, the 
following rules apply: 
(I) At any time, on notice to the commanded person, the serving 
party may move the issuing court for an order compelling production 
or inspection. 
(ii) These acts may be required only as directed in the order, and 
the order must protect a person who is neither a party nor a party's 
officer from significant expense resulting from compliance. 
(3) Quashing or Modifying a Subpoena 
(A) When Required. On timely motion, the issuing court must 
quash or modify a subpoena that: 
(I) fails to allow a reasonable time to comply; 
(ii) requires a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer 
to travel more than 100 miles from where that person resides, is 
employed, or regularly transacts business in person — except that, 
subject to Rule 45(c)(3)(B)(iii), the person may be commanded to 
attend a trial by traveling from any such place within the state where 
the trial is held; 
(III) requires disclosure of privileged or other protected matter, if 
no exception or waiver applies; or 
(Iv) subjects a person to undue burden. 
(B) When Permitted. To protect a person subject to or affected by 
a subpoena, the issuing court may, on motion, quash or modify the 
subpoena if it requires: 
(I) disclosing a trade secret or other confidential research, 
development, or commercial information; 
(ii) disclosing an unretained expert's opinion or information that 
does not describe specific occurrences in dispute and results from 
the expert's study that was not requested by a party; or 
(iii) a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer to incur 
substantial expense to travel more than 100 miles to attend trial. 
(C) Specifying Conditions as an Alternative. In the circumstances 
described in Rule 45(c)(3XB), the court may, instead of quashing or 
modifying a subpoena, order appearance or production under 
specified conditions if the serving party: 
(I) shows a substantial need for the testimony or material that 
cannot be othenvise met without undue hardship; and 
(Ii) ensures that the subpoenaed person will be reasonably 
compensated. 
(d) Duties in Responding to a Subpoena. 
(1) Producing Documents or Electronically Stored Information. 
These procedures apply to producing documents or electronically 
stored information: 
(A) Documents. A person responding to a subpoena to produce 
documents must produce them as they are kept in the ordinary 
course of business or must organize and label them to correspond to 
the categories in the demand. 
(B) Form for Producing Electronically Stored Information Nor 
Specified. If a subpoena does not specify a form for producing 
electronically stored information, the person responding must 
produce it in a form or forms in which it is ordinarily maintained or 
in a reasonably usable form or forms. 
(C) Electronically Stored Information Produced in Only One 
Form. The person responding need not produce the same 
electronically stored information in more than one form. 
(D) Inaccessible Electronically Stored Information. The person 
responding need not provide discovery of electronically stored 
information from sources that the person identifies as not reasonably 
accessible because of undue burden or cost. On motion to compel 
discovery or for a protective order, the person responding must show 
that the information is not reasonably accessible because of undue 
burden or cost. If that showing is made, the court may nonetheless 
order discovery from such sources if the requesting party shows 
good cause, considering the limitations of Rule 26(b)(2XC). The 
court may specify conditions for the discovery. 
(2) Claiming Privilege or Protection. 
(A) Information Withheld. A person withholding subpoenaed 
information under a claim that it is privileged or subject to 
protection as trial-preparation material must: 
(i) expressly make the claim; and 
(ii) describe the nature of the withheld documents, 
communications, or tangible things in a manner that, without 
revealing information itself privileged or protected, will enable the 
parties to assess the claim. 
(B) Information Produced. If information produced in response to a 
subpoena is subject to a claim of privilege or of protection as trial-
preparation material, the person making the claim may notify any 
party that received the information of the claim and the basis for it. 
After being notified, a party must promptly return, sequester, or 
destroy the specified information and any copies it has; must not use 
or disclose the information until the claim is resolved; must take 
reasonable steps to retrieve the information if the party disclosed it 
before being notified; and may promptly present the information to 
the court under seal for a determination of the claim. The person 
who produced the information must preserve the information until 
the claim is resolved. 
(e) Contempt. The issuing court may hold in contempt a person 
who, having been served, fails without adequate excuse to obey the 
subpoena. A nonparty's failure to obey must be excused if the 
subpoena purports to require the nonparty to attend or produce at a 
place outside the limits of Rule 45(c)(3)(AXii). 
EFTA00730315

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730316.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730316.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
FOR VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA: 
TO: 
LAWRENCE PAUL VISOSKI JR 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear before a person authorized by law 
to take depositions on October 8, 2009 at 10:00 a.m., at Esquire Court 
Reporters, 515 North Flagler Drive, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 for the 
taking of your deposition in this action and to have with you at that time and 
place the following: 
All original flight logs from January, 1998 through present for any and all 
aircraft/airplanes/jets which you piloted or co-piloted that were owned or 
controlled by Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell. 
If you fail to appear, you may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed 
to appear by the following attorneys and unless excused from this Subpoena by these 
attorneys or the Court you shall respond to this Subpoena as directed. 
DATED on August
 2009. 
EFTA00730316
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Blvd 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
For The Court 
EFTA00730317

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730318.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
FOR VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA: 
TO: 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear before a person authorized by law to 
take depositions on October 8, 2009 at 4:00p.m., at Esquire Court Reporters, 
1021 Ives Dairy Road, Suite 214, Building 3, North Miami, FL 33401-4321 for 
the taking of your deposition in this action. You are to have with you at this time 
and place those items described on Schedule "A" attached hereto. 
If you fail to appear, you may be in contempt of court. You are 
subpoenaed to appear by the following attorneys and unless excused from this 
Subpoena by these attorneys or the Court you shall respond to this Subpoena as 
directed. 
DATED on August 
2009. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Blvd 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
Bradley J. Edwards 
For The Court 
EFTA00730318
--- PAGE 2 ---
Schedule "A" 
Documents, writings, agreements, correspondence, schedules, diaries, 
personal notes, message pads, names of "masseuses" and all other writings of any 
kind, related in anyway to Jeffrey Epstein or your employment with him 
EFTA00730319

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730320.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
L.M., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
FOR VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA: 
TO: 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear before a person authorized by law to 
take depositions on October 8, 2009 at 4:00p.m., at Esquire Court Reporters, 
1021 Ives Dairy Road, Suite 214, Building 3, North Miami, FL 33401-4321 for 
the taking of your deposition in this action. You are to have with you at this time 
and place those items described on Schedule "A" attached hereto. 
If you fail to appear, you may be in contempt of court. You are 
subpoenaed to appear by the following attorneys and unless excused from this 
Subpoena by these attorneys or the Court you shall respond to this Subpoena as 
directed. 
DATED on August 
2009. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Blvd 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
Bradley J. Edwards 
For The Court 
EFTA00730320
--- PAGE 2 ---
Schedule "A" 
Documents, writings, agreements, correspondence, schedules, diaries, 
personal notes, message pads, names of "masseuses" and all other writings of any 
kind, related in anyway to Jeffrey Epstein or your employment with him 
EFTA00730321

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730322.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730322.pdf
----------------------------------------
AO SSA (Rev. 01109) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition or to Produce Documents in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of Florida 
JANE DOE 
Plaintiff 
V. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant 
Civil Action No. 08-90893CIV-MARRA/JOHNSO 
(If the action is pending in another district, state where: 
SUBPOENA TO TESTIFY AT A DEPOSITION 
OR TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: Jean Luc Bruhel, 
Testimony: YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at the time, date, and place set forth below to testify at a 
deposition to be taken in this civil action. If you are an organization that is not a party in this case, you must designate 
one or more officers, directors, or managing agents, or designate other persons who consent to testify on your behalf 
about the following matters, or those set forth in an attachment: 
Place: Esquire Court Reporters, One Penn Plaza 
Date and Time: 
Suite 4715, New York, NY 
The deposition will be recorded by this method: 
09/22/2009 10:00 am 
O Production: You, or your representatives, must also bring with you to the deposition the following documents, 
electronically stored information, or objects, and permit their inspection, copying, testing, or sampling of the 
material: 
The provisions of Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(c), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena, and Rule 
(d) and (e), relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so, are 
attached. 
Date: 
CLERK OF COURT 
OR 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
Attorney's signature 
The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing (name of party) 
, who issues or requests this subpoena, are: 
Brad Edwards. Es 
Roth 
dler, 401 E. Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
EFTA00730322
--- PAGE 2 ---
AO 88A (Rev. 01/09) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition or to Produce Documents in a Civil Action (Page 2) 
Civil Action No. 08-90893CIV-MARRAIJ0HNS0 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 45.) 
This subpoena for (name of individual and title, if any) 
was received by me on (date) 
O I personally served the subpoena on the individual at (place) 
on (date) 
; or 
O I left the subpoena at the individual's residence or usual place of abode with (name) 
, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 
on (date) 
, and mailed a copy to the individual's last known address; or 
O I served the subpoena on (name of individual) 
designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of (name of organization) 
on (date) 
O I returned the subpoena unexecuted because 
O Other (specify): 
, who is 
; or 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
My fees are $ 
for travel and $ 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
Date: 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
for services, for a total of $ 
0.00 
Server's signature 
Printed name and title 
Server's address 
; or 
Print 
Save As... 
Attach 
Reset 
EFTA00730323
--- PAGE 3 ---
AO SSA (Rev. 01109) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition or to Produce Documents in a Civil Action (Page 3) 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 45 (c), (d), and (e) (Effective 12/1/07) 
(c) Protecting a Person Subject to a Subpoena. 
( I ) Avoiding Undue Burden or Expense; Sanctions. A party or 
attorney responsible for issuing and serving a subpoena must take 
reasonable steps to avoid imposing undue burden or expense on a 
person subject to the subpoena. The issuing court must enforce this 
duty and impose an appropriate sanction — which may include lost 
earnings and reasonable attorney's fees — on a party or attorney 
who fails to comply. 
(2) Command to Produce Materials or Permit Inspection. 
(A) Appearance Not Required. A person commanded to produce 
documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things. or 
to permit the inspection of premises, need not appear in person at the 
place of production or inspection unless also commanded to appear 
for a deposition, hearing, or trial. 
(B) Objections. A person commanded to produce documents or 
tangible things or to permit inspection may serve on the party or 
attorney designated in the subpoena a written objection to 
inspecting, copying. testing or sampling any or all of the materials or 
to inspecting the premises — or to producing electronically stored 
information in the form or forms requested. The objection must be 
served before the earlier of the time specified for compliance or 14 
days after the subpoena is served. If an objection is made. the 
following rules apply: 
(i) At any time, on notice to the commanded person. the serving 
party may move the issuing court for an order compelling production 
or inspection. 
(ii) These acts may be required only as directed in the order, and 
the order must protect a person who is neither a party nor a party's 
officer from significant expense resulting from compliance. 
(3) Quashing or Modifying a Subpoena. 
(A) IVhen Required. On timely motion, the issuing court must 
quash or modify a subpoena that: 
(i) fails to allow a reasonable time to comply: 
(ii) requires a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer 
to travel more than 100 miles from where that person resides, is 
employed, or regularly transacts business in person — except that. 
subject to Rule 45(c)(3)(B)(iii), the person may be commanded to 
attend a trial by traveling from any such place within the state where 
the trial is held; 
(iii) requires disclosure of privileged or other protected matter, if 
no exception or waiver applies; or 
(iv) subjects a person to undue burden. 
(B) When Permitted. To protect a person subject to or affected by 
a subpoena, the issuing court may. on motion, quash or modify the 
subpoena if it requires: 
(i) disclosing a trade secret or other confidential research. 
development, or commercial information; 
(ii) disclosing an unretained expert's opinion or information that 
does not describe specific occurrences in dispute and results from 
the expert's study that was not requested by a party: or 
(iii) a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer to incur 
substantial expense to travel more than 100 miles to attend trial. 
(C) Specifying Conditions as an Alternative. In the circumstances 
described in Rule 45(c)(3)(B), the court may. instead of quashing or 
modifying a subpoena, order appearance or production under 
specified conditions if the serving party: 
(i) shows a substantial need for the testimony or material that 
cannot be otherwise met without undue hardship: and 
(ii) ensures that the subpoenaed person will be reasonably 
compensated. 
(d) Duties in Responding to a Subpoena. 
(1) Producing Documents or Electronically Stored Information. 
These procedures apply to producing documents or electronically 
stored information: 
(A) Documents. A person responding to a subpoena to produce 
documents must produce them as they are kept in the ordinary 
course of business or must organize and label them to correspond to 
the categories in the demand. 
(B) Form for Producing Electronically Stored Information Not 
Specified. If a subpoena does not specify a form for producing 
electronically stored information, the person responding must 
produce it in a form or forms in which it is ordinarily maintained or 
in a reasonably usable form or forms. 
(C) Electronically Stored Information Produced in Only One 
Form. The person responding need not produce the same 
electronically stored information in more than one form. 
(D) Inaccessible Electronically Stored Information. The person 
responding need not provide discovery of electronically stored 
information from sources that the person identifies as not reasonably 
accessible because of undue burden or cost. On motion to compel 
discovery or for a protective order, the person responding must show 
that the information is not reasonably accessible because of undue 
burden or cost. If that showing is made, the court may nonetheless 
order discovery from such sources if the requesting party shows 
good cause, considering the limitations of Rule 26(b)(2)(C). The 
court may specify conditions for the discovery. 
(2) Claiming Privilege or Protection. 
(A) Information Withheld. A person withholding subpoenaed 
information under a claim that it is privileged or subject to 
protection as trial-preparation material must: 
(i) expressly make the claim: and 
(ii) describe the nature of the withheld documents, 
communications, or tangible things in a manner that, without 
revealing information itself privileged or protected. will enable the 
parties to assess the claim. 
(B) Information Produced. If information produced in response to a 
subpoena is subject to a claim of privilege or of protection as trial-
preparation material, the person making the claim may notify any 
party that received the information of the claim and the basis for it. 
After being notified, a party must promptly return, sequester. or 
destroy the specified information and any copies it has; must not use 
or disclose the information until the claim is resolved: must take 
reasonable steps to retrieve the information if the party disclosed it 
before being notified: and may promptly present the information to 
the court under seal for a determination of the claim. The person 
who produced the information must preserve the information until 
the claim is resolved. 
(e) Contempt. The issuing court may hold in contempt a person 
who, having been served, fails without adequate excuse to obey the 
subpoena. A nonparty's failure to obey must be excused if the 
subpoena purports to require the nonparty to attend or produce at a 
place outside the limits of Rule 45(c)(3)(AXii). 
EFTA00730324

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730325.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051)00C<MB 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
FOR VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA: 
TO: 
• 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear before a person authorized by law 
to take depositions on October 6, 2009 at 10:00 a.m., Esquire Court 
Reporters, 515 North Flagler Drive, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 for the 
taking of your deposition in this action and to have with you at that time and 
place the following: 
All original flight logs from January, 1998 through present for any and all 
aircraft/airplanes/jets which you piloted or co-piloted that were owned or 
controlled by Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell. 
If you fail to appear, you may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed 
to appear by the following attorneys and unless excused from this Subpoena by these 
attorneys or the Court you shall respond to this Subpoena as directed. 
DATED on August21, 2009. 
EFTA00730325
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Blvd 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
• 
• 
For The Court 
EFTA00730326

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730327.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730327.pdf
----------------------------------------
AO SSA (Rev. 01109) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition or to Produce Documents in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of Florida 
JANE DOE 
Plaintiff 
V. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant 
Civil Action No. 08-90893CIV-MARRAMOHNSO 
(If the action is pending in another district, state where: 
SUBPOENA TO TESTIFY AT A DEPOSITION 
OR TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: Mark Epstein, IIIIMPINOMMIIIIIM 
Testimony: YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at the time, date, and place set forth below to testify at a 
deposition to be taken in this civil action. If you are an organization that is not a party in this case, you must designate 
one or more officers, directors, or managing agents, or designate other persons who consent to testify on your behalf 
about the following matters, or those set forth in an attachment: 
Place: Esquire Court Reporters, One Penn Plaza 
Date and Time: 
Suite 4715, New York, NY 
The deposition will be recorded by this method: 
09/21/2009 11:00 am 
O Production: You, or your representatives, must also bring with you to the deposition the following documents, 
electronically stored information, or objects, and permit their inspection, copying, testing, or sampling of the 
material: 
The provisions of Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(c), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena, and Rule 
(d) and (e), relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so, are 
attached. 
Date: 
CLERK OF COURT 
OR 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
Attorney's signature 
The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing (name of party) 
, who issues or requests this subpoena, are: 
Brad Edwards. Es 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, 401 E. Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
EFTA00730327
--- PAGE 2 ---
AO 88A (Rev. 01/09) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition or to Produce Documents in a Civil Action (Page 2) 
Civil Action No. 08-90893CIV-MARRAIJ0HNS0 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 45.) 
This subpoena for (name of individual and title, if any) 
was received by me on (date) 
O I personally served the subpoena on the individual at (place) 
on (date) 
; or 
O I left the subpoena at the individual's residence or usual place of abode with (name) 
, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 
on (date) 
, and mailed a copy to the individual's last known address; or 
O I served the subpoena on (name of individual) 
designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of (name of organization) 
on (date) 
O I returned the subpoena unexecuted because 
O Other (specify): 
, who is 
; or 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
My fees are $ 
for travel and $ 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
Date: 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
for services, for a total of $ 
0.00 
Server's signature 
Printed name and title 
Server's address 
; or 
Print 
Save As... 
Attach 
Reset 
EFTA00730328
--- PAGE 3 ---
AO SSA (Rev. 01109) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition or to Produce Documents in a Civil Action (Page 3) 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 45 (c), (d), and (e) (Effective 12/1/07) 
(c) Protecting a Person Subject to a Subpoena. 
( I ) Avoiding Undue Burden or Expense; Sanctions. A party or 
attorney responsible for issuing and serving a subpoena must take 
reasonable steps to avoid imposing undue burden or expense on a 
person subject to the subpoena. The issuing court must enforce this 
duty and impose an appropriate sanction — which may include lost 
earnings and reasonable attorney's fees — on a party or attorney 
who fails to comply. 
(2) Command to Produce Materials or Permit Inspection. 
(A) Appearance Not Required. A person commanded to produce 
documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things. or 
to permit the inspection of premises, need not appear in person at the 
place of production or inspection unless also commanded to appear 
for a deposition, hearing, or trial. 
(B) Objections. A person commanded to produce documents or 
tangible things or to permit inspection may serve on the party or 
attorney designated in the subpoena a written objection to 
inspecting, copying. testing or sampling any or all of the materials or 
to inspecting the premises — or to producing electronically stored 
information in the form or forms requested. The objection must be 
served before the earlier of the time specified for compliance or 14 
days after the subpoena is served. If an objection is made. the 
following rules apply: 
(i) At any time, on notice to the commanded person. the serving 
party may move the issuing court for an order compelling production 
or inspection. 
(ii) These acts may be required only as directed in the order, and 
the order must protect a person who is neither a party nor a party's 
officer from significant expense resulting from compliance. 
(3) Quashing or Modifying a Subpoena. 
(A) IVhen Required. On timely motion, the issuing court must 
quash or modify a subpoena that: 
(i) fails to allow a reasonable time to comply: 
(ii) requires a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer 
to travel more than 100 miles from where that person resides, is 
employed, or regularly transacts business in person — except that. 
subject to Rule 45(c)(3)(B)(iii), the person may be commanded to 
attend a trial by traveling from any such place within the state where 
the trial is held; 
(iii) requires disclosure of privileged or other protected matter, if 
no exception or waiver applies; or 
(iv) subjects a person to undue burden. 
(B) When Permitted. To protect a person subject to or affected by 
a subpoena, the issuing court may. on motion, quash or modify the 
subpoena if it requires: 
(i) disclosing a trade secret or other confidential research. 
development, or commercial information; 
(ii) disclosing an unretained expert's opinion or information that 
does not describe specific occurrences in dispute and results from 
the expert's study that was not requested by a party: or 
(iii) a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer to incur 
substantial expense to travel more than 100 miles to attend trial. 
(C) Specifying Conditions as an Alternative. In the circumstances 
described in Rule 45(c)(3)(B), the court may. instead of quashing or 
modifying a subpoena, order appearance or production under 
specified conditions if the serving party: 
(i) shows a substantial need for the testimony or material that 
cannot be otherwise met without undue hardship: and 
(ii) ensures that the subpoenaed person will be reasonably 
compensated. 
(d) Duties in Responding to a Subpoena. 
(1) Producing Documents or Electronically Stored Information. 
These procedures apply to producing documents or electronically 
stored information: 
(A) Documents. A person responding to a subpoena to produce 
documents must produce them as they are kept in the ordinary 
course of business or must organize and label them to correspond to 
the categories in the demand. 
(B) Form for Producing Electronically Stored Information Not 
Specified. If a subpoena does not specify a form for producing 
electronically stored information, the person responding must 
produce it in a form or forms in which it is ordinarily maintained or 
in a reasonably usable form or forms. 
(C) Electronically Stored Information Produced in Only One 
Form. The person responding need not produce the same 
electronically stored information in more than one form. 
(D) Inaccessible Electronically Stored Information. The person 
responding need not provide discovery of electronically stored 
information from sources that the person identifies as not reasonably 
accessible because of undue burden or cost. On motion to compel 
discovery or for a protective order, the person responding must show 
that the information is not reasonably accessible because of undue 
burden or cost. If that showing is made, the court may nonetheless 
order discovery from such sources if the requesting party shows 
good cause, considering the limitations of Rule 26(b)(2)(C). The 
court may specify conditions for the discovery. 
(2) Claiming Privilege or Protection. 
(A) Information Withheld. A person withholding subpoenaed 
information under a claim that it is privileged or subject to 
protection as trial-preparation material must: 
(i) expressly make the claim: and 
(ii) describe the nature of the withheld documents, 
communications, or tangible things in a manner that, without 
revealing information itself privileged or protected. will enable the 
parties to assess the claim. 
(B) Information Produced. If information produced in response to a 
subpoena is subject to a claim of privilege or of protection as trial-
preparation material, the person making the claim may notify any 
party that received the information of the claim and the basis for it. 
After being notified, a party must promptly return, sequester. or 
destroy the specified information and any copies it has; must not use 
or disclose the information until the claim is resolved: must take 
reasonable steps to retrieve the information if the party disclosed it 
before being notified: and may promptly present the information to 
the court under seal for a determination of the claim. The person 
who produced the information must preserve the information until 
the claim is resolved. 
(e) Contempt. The issuing court may hold in contempt a person 
who, having been served, fails without adequate excuse to obey the 
subpoena. A nonparty's failure to obey must be excused if the 
subpoena purports to require the nonparty to attend or produce at a 
place outside the limits of Rule 45(c)(3)(AXii). 
EFTA00730329

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730330.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730330.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
FOR VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA: 
TO: 
Robert Gary Roxburgh 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear before a person authorized by law to take 
depositions on October 13, 2009 at 4:00 p.m., at Esquire Court Reporters, 515 
North Flagler Drive, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 for the taking of your deposition in 
this action and to have with you at that time and place the following: 
All original flight logs from January, 1998 through present for any and all 
aircraft/airplanes/jets which you piloted or co-piloted that were owned or 
controlled by Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell. 
If you fail to appear, you may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed 
to appear by the following attorneys and unless excused from this Subpoena by these 
attorneys or the Court you shall respond to this Subpoena as directed. 
DATED on September 91 , 2009. 
EFTA00730330
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Blvd 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
F • r The 
A- 
itl- jb
c>3 
ourt 
Fen .cez, 9q 
EFTA00730331

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730332.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730332.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM 
FOR VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA: 
TO: 
Robert Ga 
Roxbu h 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear before a person authorized by law to take 
depositions on October 13, 2009 at 4:00 p.m., at Esquire Court Reporters, 515 
North Flagler Drive, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 for the taking of your deposition in 
this action and to have with you at that time and place the following: 
All original flight logs from January, 1998 through present for any and all 
aircraft/airplanes/jets which you piloted or co-piloted that were owned or 
controlled by Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell. 
If you fail to appear, you may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed 
to appear by the following attorneys and unless excused from this Subpoena by these 
attorneys or the Court you shall respond to this Subpoena as directed. 
DATED on September 91 , 2009. 
EFTA00730332
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bradley J. Edwards 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Blvd 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
F • r The 
A- 
itl- jb
c>3 
ourt 
Fen .cez, 9q 
EFTA00730333

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730334.pdf
----------------------------------------
AO 88A (Rev. 06 09) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of New York 
Jane Doe No. 2 
Maimiff 
v. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Richard Kahn, 
Defendant 
Civil Action No. 08-CV-80119-Marra/Johnson 
(If the action is pending in another district, state where: 
Southern District of Florida 
SUBPOENA TO TESTIFY AT A DEPOSITION IN A CIVIL ACTION 
ti Testimony: YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at the time, date, and place set forth below to testify at a 
deposition to be taken in this civil action. If you are an organization that is not a party in this case, you must designate 
one or more officers, directors, or managing agents, or designate other persons who consent to testify on your behalf 
about the following matters, or those set forth in an attachment: 
Place: Veritext Corp 
1250 Broadway, Suite 2400 
New York, New York 10001 
Date and Time: 
04/20/2010 10:00 am 
The deposition will be recorded by this method: 
Court Reporter 
Production: You, or your representatives, must also bring with you to the deposition the following documents, 
electronically stored information, or objects, and permit their inspection, copying, testing, or sampling of the 
material: 
See document request attached as Schedule A. 
The provisions of Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(c), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena, and Rule 
(d) and (e), relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so, arc 
attached. 
Date: 5 
CLERK OF COURT 
OR 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
f I 
Attorney's signature 
The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing (name of party) 
Jane Doe No. 2 
 , who issues or requests this subpoena, are: 
Stuart Mermelstein, Adam Horowitz  Jessica Arbour. Mermelstein & Horowitz 
18205 Bisc ane Blvd., Suite 2218, 
Miami, FL, 33160 
EFTA00730334
--- PAGE 2 ---
AO 88A (Rev. 06/09) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition in a Civil Action (Page 2) 
Civil Action No. 08-CV-80119-Marra/Johnson 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. It Civ. P. 45.) 
This subpoena for (name of individual and tide. if any) 
was received by me on (dare) 
Richard Kahn 
O I served the subpoena by delivering a copy to the named individual as follows: 
I returned the subpoena unexecuted because: 
on (date) 
; or 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
50.00 
My fees are $ 
Date: 
for travel and $ 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
for services, for a total of $ 
Server's signature 
Printed name and side 
0.00 
Server s address 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
EFTA00730335
--- PAGE 3 ---
AO SSA (Rev. O&09) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition in a Civil Action (Page 3) 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 45 (c), (d), and (e) (Effective 12/1/07) 
(c) Protecting a Person Subject to a Subpoena. 
(I) Avoiding Undue Burden or Expense; Sanctions. A party or 
attorney responsible for issuing and serving a subpoena must take 
reasonable steps to avoid imposing undue burden or expense on a 
person subject to the subpoena. The issuing court must enforce this 
duty and impose an appropriate sanction — which may include lost 
earnings and reasonable attorney's fees — on a party or attorney 
who fails to comply. 
(2) Command to Produce Materials or Permit Inspection. 
(A) Appearance Not Required. A person commanded to produce 
documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things, or 
to permit the inspection of premises, need not appear in person at the 
place of production or inspection unless also commanded to appear 
for a deposition, hearing, or trial. 
(B) Objections. A person commanded to produce documents or 
tangible things or to permit inspection may serve on the party or 
attorney designated in the subpoena a written objection to 
inspecting, copying, testing or sampling any or all of the materials or 
to inspecting the premises - or to producing electronically stored 
information in the form or forms requested. The objection must be 
served before the earlier of the time specified for compliance or 14 
days after the subpoena is served. If an objection is made, the 
following rules apply: 
(I) At any time, on notice to the commanded person, the serving 
party may move the issuing court for an order compelling production 
or inspection. 
(II) These acts may be required only as directed in the order, and 
the order must protect a person who is neither a party nor a party's 
officer from significant expense resulting from compliance. 
(3) Quashing or Modifying a Subpoena. 
(A) When Required. On timely motion, the issuing court must 
quash or modify a subpoena that: 
(I) fails to allow a reasonable time to comply; 
(II) requires a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer 
to travel more than 100 miles from where that person resides, is 
employed, or regularly transacts business in person — except that, 
subject to Rule 45(c)(3XBXiii), the person may be commanded to 
attend a trial by traveling from any such place within the state where 
the trial is held; 
(iii) requires disclosure of privileged or other protected matter, if 
no exception or waiver applies; or 
(Iv) subjects a person to undue burden. 
(B) When Permitted. To protect a person subject to or affected by 
a subpoena, the issuing court may, on motion, quash or modify the 
subpoena if it requires: 
(i) disclosing a trade secret or other confidential research, 
development, or commercial information; 
(if) disclosing an unretained expert's opinion or information that 
does not describe specific occurrences in dispute and results from 
the expert's study that was not requested by a party; or 
(iii) a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer to incur 
substantial expense to travel more than 100 miles to attend trial. 
(C) Specifying Conditions as an Alternative. In the circumstances 
described in Rule 45(c)(3)(B), the court may, instead of quashing or 
modifying a subpoena, order appearance or production under 
specified conditions if the serving party: 
(i) shows a substantial need for the testimony or material that 
cannot be otherwise met without undue hardship; and 
(II) ensures that the subpoenaed person will be reasonably 
compensated. 
(d) Duties In Responding to a Subpoena. 
(1) Producing Documents or Electronically Stored Information. 
These procedures apply to producing documents or electronically 
stored information: 
(A) Documents. A person responding to a subpoena to produce 
documents must produce them as they are kept in the ordinary 
course of business or must organize and label them to correspond to 
the categories in the demand. 
(B) Form for Producing Electronically Stored Information Not 
Specified. If a subpoena does not specify a form for producing 
electronically stored information, the person responding must 
produce it in a form or forms in which it is ordinarily maintained or 
in a reasonably usable form or forms. 
(C) Electronically Stored Information Produced in Only One 
Form. The person responding need not produce the same 
electronically stored information in more than one form. 
(0) Inaccessible Electronically Stored Information. The person 
responding need not provide discovery of electronically stored 
information from sources that the person identifies as not reasonably 
accessible because of undue burden or cost. On motion to compel 
discovery or for a protective order, the person responding must show 
that the information is not reasonably accessible because of undue 
burden or cost. If that showing is made, the court may nonetheless 
order discovery from such sources if the requesting party shows 
good cause, considering the limitations of Rule 26(b)(2XC). The 
court may specify conditions for the discovery. 
(2) Claiming Privilege or Protection. 
(A) Information Withheld. A person withholding subpoenaed 
information under a claim that it is privileged or subject to 
protection as trial preparation material must: 
(I) expressly make the claim; and 
(ii) describe the nature of the withheld documents, 
communications, or tangible things in a manner that, without 
revealing information itself privileged or protected, will enable the 
parties to assess the claim. 
(B) Information Produced. If information produced in response to a 
subpoena is subject to a claim of privilege or of protection as trial* 
preparation material, the person making the claim may notify any 
party that received the information of the claim and the basis for it. 
After being notified, a party must promptly return, sequester, or 
destroy the specified information and any copies it has; must not use 
or disclose the information until the claim is resolved; must take 
reasonable steps to retrieve the information if the party disclosed it 
before being notified; and may promptly present the information to 
the court under seal for a determination of the claim. The person 
who produced the information must preserve the information until 
the claim is resolved. 
(e) Contempt. The issuing court may hold in contempt a person 
who, having been served, fails without adequate excuse to obey the 
subpoena. A nonparty's failure to obey must be excused if the 
subpoena purports to require the nonparty to attend or produce at a 
place outside the limits of Rule 45(cX3)(A)(ii). 
EFTA00730336
--- PAGE 4 ---
SCHEDULE A 
DEFINITIONS 
1. 
All documents produced pursuant hereto are to be produced as they are kept in the 
usual course of business or shall be organized and labeled (without permanently marking the 
item produced) so as to correspond with the categories of each numbered request hereof. 
2. 
Each draft, final document, original, reproduction, and each signed and unsigned 
document and every additional copy of such document where such copy contains any 
commentary, note, notation or any change whatsoever that does not appear on the original or on 
the copy of the one document produced shall be deemed and considered to constitute a separate 
document. 
3. 
As used herein, the singular shall always include the plural, and the present tense 
shall always include the past tense. 
4. 
All references to any Person (as defined below) includes his/her/its employees, 
agents, servants, subsidiaries, parent company, affiliated company and any other person or entity 
or Representative (as defined below) acting or purporting to act on behalf or under his/her/its 
control. 
5. 
"You", "Your" refers to the Person (as defined below) to whom this request is 
addressed, including his/her/its employees, agents, servants, subsidiaries, parent company, 
affiliated company, and other persons acting or purporting to act on your behalf, including your 
representative. 
6. 
"Person" means any natural individual in any capacity whatsoever or any entity or 
organization, including divisions, departments, and other units herein, and shall include, but not 
be limited to, public or private corporations, partnerships, joint ventures, voluntary or 
unincorporated associations, organizations, proprietorships, trust, estates, governmental agencies, 
EFTA00730337
--- PAGE 5 ---
commissions, bureaus, or departments, and the agents, servants and employees of same. 
7. 
"Materials" shall mean all "Documents", "Writings", "Agreements", and 
Communications" as those terms are defined herein. 
8. 
As used herein, "and" as well as "or" shall be construed disjunctively and 
conjunctively in order to bring within the scope of this request all responses which might 
otherwise be construed to be outside its scope. 
9. 
"Document" shall mean letters, correspondence, memoranda, notes, opinions, 
work papers, charts, reports, ledgers, drawings, plans, specifications, schematics, blueprints, 
block diagrams, contracts or photographs, and shall include but shall not be limited to, any 
written, printed, typed or other graphic matter of any kind or nature, all mechanical, magnetic, 
and electronic sound recordings or transcripts thereof; any microfilm, microfiche, or other 
reproductions, and any data, information or statistics contained within any data storage modules, 
tapes, discs or other memory devices or other information retrieval storage systems (including 
computer-generated reports and printouts) in the possession and/or control of you and/or your 
counsel or agents, or known by you to exist. It shall also mean all drafts and/or copies of 
documents by whatever means made. 
10. 
The terms "related", "relating", "reflecting" and "in relation to" shall mean 
referring to, or having any relationship with whatsoever, or regarding or pertaining to, or 
comprising, or indicating, or constituting evidence of, in whole or in part. 
11. 
The term "communication" means any oral or written statement, dialogue, 
colloquy, discussion, or conversation, and also means any transfer of thoughts or ideas between 
persons by means of documents and includes any transfer of data from one location to another by 
electronic or similar means. 
12. 
The term "representative" means any and all agents, employees, servants, officers, 
EFTA00730338
--- PAGE 6 ---
directors, attorneys, or other persons acting or purporting to act on behalf of the person in 
question. 
13. 
The term "control" means in your possession custody or control or under your 
direction, and includes in the possession, custody or control of those under the direction of you 
or your employees, subordinates, counsel, accountant, consultant, expert, parent or affiliated 
corporation, and any person purporting to act on your behalf. 
14. 
The term "ownership" shall mean any interest whether owned or possessed, 
vested or contingent, partial or full, and whether title is held legally in your name, subsidiary, or 
other related company and shall include any beneficial interest. 
15. 
The term "statement" shall mean a written statement, signed or otherwise adopted 
or approved by the person making it, or a stenographic, mechanical, electrical, or other 
recording, or a transcription thereof, which is substantially a verbatim recital or an oral statement 
by the person making it and contemporaneously recorded. 
16. 
Privilege. If any document would be required to be produced in response to any 
request except for the fact that a privilege against production is claimed, set forth for each 
document: 
a. 
its date, title of document (e.g., letter), and length; 
b. 
its writer, preparer, sender, and addressee or copies; 
c. 
a general description of its subject matter; 
d. 
the exact grounds on which the objection to production is based; 
e. 
the identity of all persons, in addition to those identified as required by section 
(b), supra, known to you who have seen or had access to the document; and 
f. 
identify the person now in possession of the document. 
17. 
Documents no longer in existence or no longer under possession, custody or 
EFTA00730339
--- PAGE 7 ---
control. If any document requested herein was at one time in existence and under your 
possession, custody or control but has been lost, discarded or destroyed or has been removed 
from your possession, custody or control, with respect to each such document: 
a. 
identify and describe such document by date, title and type of document; 
b. 
state when each such document was most recently in the possession or subject of 
your control and what disposition was made of such document, including an 
identification of the person, if any presently in possession or control of such 
document; 
c. 
state when such document was transferred or destroyed, identify the person who 
transferred or destroyed such document and the persons who authorized or 
directed that the document be transferred or destroyed or having knowledge of its 
transfer or destruction and state the reason such document was transferred or 
destroyed; and 
d. 
identify all persons having knowledge of the contents thereof. 
18. 
Unless otherwise specified, the time period of these requests is 2001-present. 
EFTA00730340
--- PAGE 8 ---
REQUESTED DOCUMENTS 
1. 
All documents referring or relating to any business or transaction involving 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
2. 
All documents referring or relating to contracts or agreements between or among 
you and Jeffrey Epstein. 
3. 
All documents referring or relating to transfers of property or interests in property 
to or from Jeffrey Epstein. 
4. 
All documents referring or relating to any ownership interest in property of 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
5. 
All documents referring or relating to any and all trusts, corporations, limited 
partnerships, partnerships, limited liability companies and any other entities created or existing 
pursuant to law, in which Jeffrey Epstein owns any stock, membership, share or beneficial 
interest. 
6. 
All financial statements or documents of Jeffrey Epstein for any period of time 
from 2005 to present, including, without limitation, any and all balance sheets, credit 
applications, income statements, cash flow statements, statements of changes in financial 
position and statements of net worth. 
7. 
All statements for any bank, brokerage or investment account in which Jeffrey 
Epstein holds any ownership interest or beneficial interest. 
8. 
All documents referring or relating to any investments of Jeffrey Epstein. 
9. 
All documents referring or relating to any hedge fund owned or managed by 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
10. 
All documents referring or relating to any investment fund owned or managed by 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
EFTA00730341

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730342.pdf
----------------------------------------
AO SSD (Rev. 06 09) Subpoena to Produce Documents. Informations or Objects or to Permit Inspection of Premises in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of New York 
Jane Doe No. 2 
Plaintiff 
v. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Defendant 
Civil Action No. 
08-CV-80119-Marra/Johnson 
(tithe action is pending in another district. state where: 
Southern District of Florida 
SUBPOENA TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS, INFORMATION, OR OBJECTS 
OR TO PERMIT INSPECTION OF PREMISES IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: Records Custodian, HBRK Associates, Inc., 
111 Production: YOU ARE COMMANDED to produce at the time, date, and place set forth below the following 
documents, electronically stored information, or objects, and permit their inspection, copying, testing, or sampling of the 
material: 
See document request attached as Schedule A. 
Place: Veritext Corp 
1250 Broadway, Suite 2400 
New York, New York 10001 
Date and Time: 
04/19/2010 10:00 am 
O Inspection of Premises: YOU ARE COMMANDED to permit entry onto the designated premises, land, or 
other property possessed or controlled by you at the time, date, and location set forth below, so that the requesting party 
may inspect, measure, survey, photograph, test, or sample the property or any designated object or operation on it. 
Place: 
I Date and Time: 
The provisions of Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(c), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena, and Rule 
(d) and (e), relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so, are 
attached. 
Date:  
I it 
CLERK OF COURT 
OR 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
Attorney's signature 
The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing (name of party) 
Jane Doe No. 2 
Stuart Mermelstein, Adam Horowl 
, who issues or requests this subpoena, are: 
MilaillisBlvd., 
Suite 2218, 
EFTA00730342
--- PAGE 2 ---
AO 58B (Rev. 06/09) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information, or Objects or to Permit Inspection of Premises in a Civil Action (Page 2) 
Civil Action No. 08-CV-80119-Marra/Johnson 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 45.) 
This subpoena for (name of individual and title. if any) 
Records Custodian, HBRK Associates, Inc., 
was received by me on (dote) 
1 served the subpoena by delivering a copy to the named person as follows: 
on (date) 
; or 
1 returned the subpoena unexecuted because: 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
My fees are $ 
Date: 
for travel and $ 
for services, for a total of $ 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
0.00 
Server's signature 
Printed name and tide 
Server's address 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
EFTA00730343
--- PAGE 3 ---
AO FAB (Rev. 06109) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information, or Objects cc to Permit Inspection of Premises in a Civil Actioo(Page 3) 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 45 (c), (d), and (e) (Effective 1211/07) 
(c) Protecting a Person Subject to a Subpoena. 
(1) Avoiding Undue Burden or Expense; Sanctions. A party or 
attorney responsible for issuing and serving a subpoena must take 
reasonable steps to avoid imposing undue burden or expense on a 
person subject to the subpoena. The issuing court must enforce this 
duty and impose an appropriate sanction — which may include lost 
earnings and reasonable attorney's fees — on a party or attorney 
who fails to comply. 
(2) Command to Produce Materials or Permit Inspection. 
(A) Appearance Not Required. A person commanded to produce 
documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things, or 
to permit the inspection of premises, need not appear in person at the 
place of production or inspection unless also commanded to appear 
for a deposition, hearing, or trial. 
(B) Objections. A person commanded to produce documents or 
tangible things or to permit inspection may serve on the party or 
attorney designated in the subpoena a written objection to 
inspecting, copying, testing or sampling any or all of the materials or 
to inspecting the premises 
or to producing electronically stored 
information in the form or forms requested. The objection must be 
served before the earlier of the time specified for compliance or 14 
days after the subpoena is served. If an objection is made, the 
following rules apply: 
(I) At any time, on notice to the commanded person, the serving 
party may move the issuing court for an order compelling production 
or inspection. 
(ii) These acts may be required only as directed in the order, and 
the order must protect a person who is neither a party nor a party's 
officer from significant expense resulting from compliance. 
(3) Quashing or Modifying a Subpoena. 
(A) When Required On timely motion, the issuing court must 
quash or modify a subpoena that: 
(i) fails to allow a reasonable time to comply; 
(If) requires a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer 
to travel more than 100 miles from where that person resides, is 
employed, or regularly transacts business in person — except that, 
subject to Rule 45(eX3XB)(iii), the person may be commanded to 
attend a trial by traveling from any such place within the state where 
the trial is held; 
(iii) requires disclosure of privileged or other protected matter, if 
no exception or waiver applies; or 
(iv) subjects a person to undue burden. 
(B) When Permitted. To protect a person subject to or affected by 
a subpoena, the issuing court may, on motion, quash or modify the 
subpoena if it requires: 
(i) disclosing a trade secret or other confidential research, 
development, or commercial information; 
(II) disclosing an unretained expert's opinion or information that 
does not describe specific occurrences in dispute and results from 
the expert's study that was not requested by a party; or 
(iii) a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer to incur 
substantial expense to travel more than 100 miles to attend trial. 
(C) Specifying Conditions as an Alternative. In the circumstances 
described in Rule 45(c)(3)(B), the court may, instead of quashing or 
modifying a subpoena, order appearance or production under 
specified conditions if the serving party: 
(i) shows a substantial need for the testimony or material that 
cannot be otherwise met without undue hardship; and 
(ii) ensures that the subpoenaed person will be reasonably 
compensated. 
(d) Duties in Responding to a Subpoena. 
(1) Producing Documents or Electronically Stored Information. 
These procedures apply to producing documents or electronically 
stored information: 
(A) Documents. A person responding to a subpoena to produce 
documents must produce them as they are kept in the ordinary 
course of business or must organize and label them to correspond to 
the categories in the demand. 
(B) Form for Producing Electronically Stored Information Not 
Specified If a subpoena does not specify a form for producing 
electronically stored information, the person responding must 
produce it in a form or forms in which it is ordinarily maintained or 
in a reasonably usable form or forms. 
(C) Electronically Stored Information Produced in Only One 
Form. The person responding need not produce the same 
electronically stored information in more than one form. 
(D) Inaccessible Electronically Stored Information. The person 
responding need not provide discovery of electronically stored 
information from sources that the person identifies as not reasonably 
accessible because of undue burden or cost. On motion to compel 
discovery or for a protective order, the person responding must show 
that the information is not reasonably accessible because of undue 
burden or cost. If that showing is made, the court may nonetheless 
order discovery from such sources if the requesting party shows 
good cause, considering the limitations of Rule 26(bX2XC). The 
court may specify conditions for the discovery. 
(2) Claiming Privilege or Protection. 
(A) Information Withheld. A person withholding subpoenaed 
information under a claim that it is privileged or subject to 
protection as trial-preparation material must: 
(0 expressly make the claim; and 
(II) describe the nature of the withheld documents, 
communications, or tangible things in a manner that, without 
revealing information itself privileged or protected, will enable the 
parties to assess the claim. 
(3) Information Produced. If information produced in response to a 
subpoena is subject to a claim of privilege or of protection as trial-
preparation material, the person making the claim may notify any 
party that received the information of the claim and the basis for it. 
After being notified, a party must promptly return, sequester, or 
destroy the specified information and any copies it has; must not use 
or disclose the information until the claim is resolved; must take 
reasonable steps to retrieve the information if the party disclosed it 
before being notified; and may promptly present the information to 
the court under seal for a determination of the claim. The person 
who produced the information must preserve the information until 
the claim is resolved. 
(e) Contempt. The issuing court may hold in contempt a person 
who, having been served, fails without adequate excuse to obey the 
subpoena. A nonparty's failure to obey must be excused if the 
subpoena purports to require the nonparty to attend or produce at a 
place outside the limits of Rule 45(cX3)(AXii). 
EFTA00730344
--- PAGE 4 ---
SCHEDULE A 
DEFINITIONS 
1. 
All documents produced pursuant hereto are to be produced as they are kept in the 
usual course of business or shall be organized and labeled (without permanently marking the 
item produced) so as to correspond with the categories of each numbered request hereof. 
2. 
Each draft, final document, original, reproduction, and each signed and unsigned 
document and every additional copy of such document where such copy contains any 
commentary, note, notation or any change whatsoever that does not appear on the original or on 
the copy of the one document produced shall be deemed and considered to constitute a separate 
document. 
3. 
As used herein, the singular shall always include the plural, and the present tense 
shall always include the past tense. 
4. 
All references to any Person (as defined below) includes his/her/its employees, 
agents, servants, subsidiaries, parent company, affiliated company and any other person or entity 
or Representative (as defined below) acting or purporting to act on behalf or under his/her/its 
control. 
5. 
"You", "Your" refers to the Person (as defined below) to whom this request is 
addressed, including his/her/its employees, agents, servants, subsidiaries, parent company, 
affiliated company, and other persons acting or purporting to act on your behalf, including your 
representative. 
6. 
"Person" means any natural individual in any capacity whatsoever or any entity or 
organization, including divisions, departments, and other units herein, and shall include, but not 
be limited to, public or private corporations, partnerships, joint ventures, voluntary or 
EFTA00730345
--- PAGE 5 ---
unincorporated associations, organizations, proprietorships, trust, estates, governmental agencies, 
commissions, bureaus, or departments, and the agents, servants and employees of same. 
7. 
"Materials" shall mean all "Documents", "Writings", "Agreements", and 
Communications" as those terms are defined herein. 
8. 
As used herein, "and" as well as "or" shall be construed disjunctively and 
conjunctively in order to bring within the scope of this request all responses which might 
otherwise be construed to be outside its scope. 
9. 
"Document" shall mean letters, correspondence, memoranda, notes, opinions, 
work papers, charts, reports, ledgers, drawings, plans, specifications, schematics, blueprints, 
block diagrams, contracts or photographs, and shall include but shall not be limited to, any 
written, printed, typed or other graphic matter of any kind or nature, all mechanical, magnetic, 
and electronic sound recordings or transcripts thereof; any microfilm, microfiche, or other 
reproductions, and any data, information or statistics contained within any data storage modules, 
tapes, discs or other memory devices or other information retrieval storage systems (including 
computer-generated reports and printouts) in the possession and/or control of you and/or your 
counsel or agents, or known by you to exist. It shall also mean all drafts and/or copies of 
documents by whatever means made. 
10. 
The terms "related", "relating", "reflecting" and "in relation to" shall mean 
referring to, or having any relationship with whatsoever, or regarding or pertaining to, or 
comprising, or indicating, or constituting evidence of, in whole or in part. 
11. 
The term "communication" means any oral or written statement, dialogue, 
colloquy, discussion, or conversation, and also means any transfer of thoughts or ideas between 
persons by means of documents and includes any transfer of data from one location to another by 
EFTA00730346
--- PAGE 6 ---
electronic or similar means. 
12. 
The term "representative" means any and all agents, employees, servants, officers, 
directors, attorneys, or other persons acting or purporting to act on behalf of the person in 
question. 
13. 
The term "control" means in your possession custody or control or under your 
direction, and includes in the possession, custody or control of those under the direction of you 
or your employees, subordinates, counsel, accountant, consultant, expert, parent or affiliated 
corporation, and any person purporting to act on your behalf. 
14. 
The term "ownership" shall mean any interest whether owned or possessed, 
vested or contingent, partial or full, and whether title is held legally in your name, subsidiary, or 
other related company and shall include any beneficial interest. 
15. 
The term "statement" shall mean a written statement, signed or otherwise adopted 
or approved by the person making it, or a stenographic, mechanical, electrical, or other 
recording, or a transcription thereof, which is substantially a verbatim recital or an oral statement 
by the person making it and contemporaneously recorded. 
16. 
Privilege. If any document would be required to be produced in response to any 
request except for the fact that a privilege against production is claimed, set forth for each 
document: 
a. 
its date, title of document (e.g., letter), and length; 
b. 
its writer, preparer, sender, and addressee or copies; 
c. 
a general description of its subject matter; 
d. 
the exact grounds on which the objection to production is based; 
e. 
the identity of all persons, in addition to those identified as required by section 
EFTA00730347
--- PAGE 7 ---
(b), supra, known to you who have seen or had access to the document; and 
f. 
identify the person now in possession of the document. 
17. 
Documents no longer in existence or no longer under possession, custody or 
control. If any document requested herein was at one time in existence and under your 
possession, custody or control but has been lost, discarded or destroyed or has been removed 
from your possession, custody or control, with respect to each such document: 
a. 
identify and describe such document by date, title and type of document; 
b. 
state when each such document was most recently in the possession or subject of 
your control and what disposition was made of such document, including an 
identification of the person, if any presently in possession or control of such 
document; 
c. 
state when such document was transferred or destroyed, identify the person who 
transferred or destroyed such document and the persons who authorized or 
directed that the document be transferred or destroyed or having knowledge of its 
transfer or destruction and state the reason such document was transferred or 
destroyed; and 
d. 
identify all persons having knowledge of the contents thereof. 
18. 
Unless otherwise specified, the time period of these requests is 2001-present. 
EFTA00730348
--- PAGE 8 ---
REQUESTED DOCUMENTS 
1. 
All documents referring or relating to the ownership, management or operation of 
the following properties: 
a. 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida; 
b. 9 E. 71st Street, New York, NY; 
c. 49 Zorro Ranch Road, Stanley, NM 
d. 301 E. 66th Street, New York, NY 
e. property known as "Little St. James," located in the U.S. Virgin Islands; 
f. property located in the Westminster neighborhood in London, England; 
g. property located on the Avenue Foch in Paris, France; 
h. any other properties in which HBRK Associates, Inc. has an ownership or 
operating interest. 
2. 
All documents referring to or relating to persons employed by HBRK Associates, 
Inc., who performed any work or services at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida, including 
without limitation Janusz Banasiak and Louelle Rabuyo. 
3. 
All documents referring to or relating to persons employed by HBRK Associates, 
Inc., who performed work or services at any of the properties listed in request no. 1. 
4. 
All documents stating or reflecting the equity ownership of HBRK Associates, 
Inc., including without limitation shareholder agreements and corporate books and records. 
5. 
All documents referring or relating to transfers or exchanges of property 
involving or concerning Epstein and HBRK Associates, Inc. 
6. 
All documents identifying the board of directors of HBRK Associates Inc. 
EFTA00730349
--- PAGE 9 ---
7. 
All documents referring or relating to work or services performed for, on behalf 
of, or at the direction of Jeffrey Epstein. 
8. 
All documents referring or relating to any interests in property held or used, in 
whole or in part, for the benefit of Jeffrey Epstein, including without limitation, real property, 
aircraft, vehicles and accounts. 
9. 
All documents identifying the corporate officers of HBRK Associates, Inc. 
10. 
All financial statements of HBRK Associates, Inc., for any period of time from 
2005 to present, including without limitation, any and all balance sheets, income statements, cash 
flow statements, statements of changes in financial position, credit applications and statements of 
net worth. 
11. 
All documents referring or relating to any ownership interest in real property of 
HBRK Associates, Inc., including without limitation, lists of property addresses and appraisals. 
12. 
All documents referring or relating to any business or transaction involving 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
13. 
All documents referring or relating to contracts or agreements between or among 
you and Jeffrey Epstein. 
14. 
All documents referring or relating to transfers of property or interests in property 
to or from Jeffrey Epstein. 
15. 
All documents referring or relating to any ownership interest in property of 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
EFTA00730350

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730351.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA028051XXXXMB 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
SUBPOENA FOR DEPOSITION 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA: 
TO: 
Louella Friedman 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear before a person authorized by law to take 
depositions on Tuesday, August 18, 2009 at 2:00 p.m., at Esquire Court Reporters, 
515 N Flagler Dr., West Palm Beach, FL 33401.for the taking of your deposition in this 
action and to have with you at that time and place the following: N/A. 
If you fail to appear, you may be in contempt of court. You are subpoenaed 
to appear by the following attorneys and unless excused from this Subpoena by these 
attorneys or the Court you shall respond to this Subpoena as directed. 
DATED on August/A*009. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 EastLas Olas Blvd 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
Bradley J. Edwards 
,
5n22 
For The Court 
EFTA00730351

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730352.pdf
----------------------------------------
AO &S (Rev. 0(.119) Subpoena in Appear and Testily al a Treating or Trial in a( a ii AC,Ter 
aav 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of New York 
In Re: Application to Quash Subpoenas 
to Daily News, ■. and George Rush 
Civil Action No. 10 MB-85 
SUBPOENA TO APPEAR AND TESTIFY 
AT A HEARING OR TRIAL IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: George Rush Go New York Daily News Legal Department, Attn: Anne Carrot, 450, West 33rd Street 
New York, NY 10001 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear in the United States district court at the time, date, and place set forth below 
to testify at a hearing or trial in this civil action. When you arrive, you must remain at the court until the judge or a court 
officer allows you to leave. If you are an organization that is not a party in this case, you must designate one or more 
officers, directors, or managing agents, or designate other persons who consent to testify on your behalf about the following 
matters, or those set forth in an attachment: 
Place: United States Courthouse 
500 Peed Street 
New York, NY 
! Courtroom No.: Part One 
Date and Time: 05104/201011:00 am 
You must also bring with you the following documents, electronically stored information, or objects (blank if not 
applicable): 
The provisions of Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(c), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena, and Fed. 
R. Civ. P. 45 (d) and (e), relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing 
so, arc attached. 
Date:  04/26/2010
CLERK OF COURT 
Signature of Cleth or Deputy Ger* 
OR 
Attorney's signature 
The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing (name of pany) 
Real Party In Interest 
Jane Doe 
, who issues or requests this subpoena, are: 
Es . Fanner. Jaffe, Weltssing, et al., 425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2. Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
EFTA00730352
--- PAGE 2 ---
AO SR (Rev 064)9) StilTuena to kPPea, an.I Tt ti , 3t 3
''' 31 
'I Ac'un 
' 
Civil Action No 10 MB-85 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court stokes regal►edby Pa R. Clv. P. 45.) 
This subpoena for (name of individual and title. if any) 
was received by me on (dale) 
O I served the subpoena by delivering a copy to the named person as follows: 
I returned the subpoena unexecuted because: 
on (date) 
or 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for ono day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
My fees are $ 
for travel and S 
Date: 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
for services, for a total of S 
0.00 
Server's signature 
Printed name and title 
Server's address 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
EFTA00730353

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730354.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 562 Entered on FLSD Docket 06'11 '2010 Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related Cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092, 
NOTICE OF WITHDRAWAL OF SUBPOENAS 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that Plaintiffs Jane Doe Nos. 2-7, by and through 
undersigned counsel, hereby file this Notice of Withdrawal of Subpoenas served on the 
following entities: 
Nine East 71st Street Corp. 
301 E 66th Street 
Suite 10F 
New York, NY 
Zorro Ranch, LLC 
Zorro Ranch Rd. 
Stanley, NM 
JEGE, Inc. 
through its registered agent 
Corporation Trust Co. 
Corporation Trust Center 
1209 Orange Street 
Wilmington, DE 
The C.O.U.Q. Foundation, Inc. 
through its registered agent 
CT Corporation System 
1200 S. Pine Island Road 
EFTA00730354
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 562 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06 11 2010 Page 2 of 4 
Plantation, FL 33324 
The Florida Science Foundation, Inc. 
through its registered agent 
CT Corporation System 
1200 S. Pine Island Road 
Plantation, FL 33324 
New York Strategy Group, LLC. 
1301 East 66th Street 
Suite 10F 
New York, NY 10065 
HBRK Associates, Inc. 
1365 York Avenue 
Apt. 28 
New York, NY 10021 
Dated: June 11, 2010 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
/s/ Stuart S. Mermelstein 
Stuart S. Mermelstein (FL Bar No. 947245) 
Adam D. Horowitz (FL Bar No. 376980)
Jessica D. Arbour (FL Bar No. 067885) 
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, M. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
EFTA00730355
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 562 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06 '11 '2010 Page 3 of 4 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on June I I, 2010, I electronically filed the foregoing document with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served 
this day to all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either via transmission 
of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for 
those parties who are not authorized to receive electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
/s/ Stuart S. Mermelstein 
EFTA00730356
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 562 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/11/2010 Page 4 of 4 
SERVICE LIST 
DOE vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldbemer. Esq. 
Robert D. Critton. Esq. 
Bradley James Edwards 
Isidro Manuel Garcia 
Jack Patrick Hill 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
Michael James Pike 
Paul G. Cassell 
Richard Horace Willits 
Robert C. Josefsbera 
Brett Jaffe 
EFTA00730357

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730358.pdf
----------------------------------------
3. 
Work Guidelines 
A. 
Your workday is-ttn-8-Vaiitur-dayt  begins at 7:30 am ends at 4:00 pm. Your work 
day includes a 1 hour break time for lunch. 
B. 
The boat, which will transport you to LSJ, will leave American Yacht Harbor at 
7:00 am exactly. Please be on board by that time, if you miss the boat you will 
be marked absent from work, with no pay. 
C. 
You must carry your Social Security Card and either you're United States 
Passport or your Green Card with you at all times while you travel to and from 
LSJ. 
The boat captain or a member of his staff will require you to show these 
documents before you will be allowed to board the boat to LSJ. 
If you do not have the documents you will not be permitted to board and the 
boat will leave without you. If that happens you will be marked absent from 
work, with no pay. 
D. 
The boat will arrive at LSJ at or before 7:20 M. and work will begin no later 
than 7:30 M. If for some reason the boat arrives after 7:30 M., work will begin 
minutes after you reach the island. 
E. 
Your--842-hour-werledayr  ineludes-tt-1-hour--break-tinie-fec4uneh: You will not be 
paid for time spent traveling to LSJ on the boat. 
F. 
You will not be permitted to do your personal laundry on the island. 
4. 
Your work week will be for a minimum of 5 consecutive days, but may be as long as 7 
consecutive days, depending on the arrival and departure schedules of guests on the 
Island. Because such schedules are not always predictable, you should be prepared to 
work an extended work day or up to a 7-day week on little or no notice. You will be 
compensated for such extended work days or work weeks in accordance with the 
Company's overtime policies in effect at that time. 
The current overtime policy, which is subject to change at the discretion of the Island's 
managers, is as follows: 
• 
You will be paid at 1.5 times your hourly rate for any work in excess of 8.4 
hours in any given work day; or 
• 
If the number of hours you work in any given work week exceeds 42,540 hours, 
you will be paid at 1.5 times your hourly rate for any work in excess of 427540 
hours in any given work week. 
• 
Please remember that overtime pay rates are not based on the day of the week that 
you work, but are based only on the number of hours worked per day or the 
number of hours worked per week. 
EFTA00730358
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
There will not be any special overtime pay for weekends, except for weekend 
work in excess of 8.5-0 hours in a given work day or in excess of 41540 hours 
in a given work week. 
EFTA00730359

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730360.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT FOR 
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
MC2MM Model Miami, LLC, 
DIVISION 
f/Ida Karin Models USA, LW 
and 
MC2 Model Management, LLC, 
f/k/a Karin Models of America, LLC 
vs. 
Plaintiffs, 
Defendant. 
ATTENTION - TO DEFENDANT 
GENERAL JURISDICTION 
CASE NO.: 
SUMMONS 
UPON A NATURAL PERSON 
IMPORTANT 
A lawsuit has been filed against you. You have 20 calendar days after this 
summons is served on you to file a written response to the attached Complaint with the 
clerk of this court. A phone call will not protect you. Your written response, including 
the case number given above and the names of the parties, must be filed if you want the 
court to hear your side of the case. If you do not file your response on time, you may lose 
the case, and your wages, money and property may thereafter be taken without further 
warning from the court. There are other legal requirements. You may want to call an 
attorney right away. If you do not know an attorney, you may call an attorney referral 
service or a legal aid office (listed in the phone book). 
If you choose to file a written response yourself, at the same time you file 
your written response to the court, you must also mail or take a copy of your written 
response to the "Plaintiff's Attorney" named below. 
PLAINTIFF'S ATTORNEY: 
Jonathan N. David, Esq. 
3500 N. W. 1191 Street 
Miami, FL 33167 
Ph: 
Fax:
Fla. Bar No. 906816 
Page 1 of 2 
EFTA00730360
--- PAGE 2 ---
THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
To Each Sheriff of the State: 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to serve this summ ns and a co 
of the Com laint or 
Petition in this action upon Defends 
or at any other address or opportunity possible. 
DATED on 
, 2006. 
CLERK OF THE CIRCUIT COURT 
HARVEY RUVIN 
By: 
As Deputy Clerk 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA00730361

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730362.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
CASE NO.: 08-C1V-80119-NIARRA/JOHNSON 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
/ 
Defendant's Supplementary Brief Pursuant To The Magistrate's Order (DE 2421 
Requesting A More Particularized Showing Demonstrating How The 5'h Amendment May 
Be Asserted To Plaintiff's Requests For Production, With Memorandum Of Law 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein (hereinafter "Epstein"), by and through his 
undersigned attorneys, hereby files his Supplementary Brief Pursuant to the Magistrate's 
Order (DE 242) relative to Plaintiff's Request for Production Numbers 10, II, 19 and 21. 
In support, Epstein states: 
I. 
Procedural Background 
1. 
Plaintiff served her First Request for Production, and Epstein served his 
responses and objections thereto. ee Exhibit "A." Plaintiff filed her Motion to Compel 
(DE 57), and Epstein filed his Response thereto (the "Response Memorandum"). (DE 
63) 
The objections and responses set forth in Epstein's initial response and the 
arguments set forth in his Response Memorandum are incorporated herein such that a 
concise statement and more particularized showing can be made herein as to why 
Epstein's Fifth Amendment Privilege as to Request for Production Numbers 10, 11, 19 
and 21 should be sustained. 
EFTA00730362
--- PAGE 2 ---
2. 
This court entered an order (DE 242) stating that Epstein must supplement 
his Response Memorandum to Plaintiff's Motion to Compel as to request for production 
numbers 10, 11, 19 and 21 (collectively, the "Specified Requests"). (DE 242, p. 19). 
Defendant's time to respond and submit this supplementary brief was extended to August 
31, 2009. 
3. 
Epstein is submitting this Supplementary Brief with supporting case law 
only as to the Specified Requests. An Amended Response will be provided as to Request 
to Produce Number 18. 
IL 
Supplementary Brief, With Incorporated Memorandum of Law 
The Magistrate's Order (DE 242) Correctly Sustained Epstein's Sth Amendment 
Privilege As To Several Requests And Interrogatories Seeking Testimonial And 
Incriminating Information Similar To The Specified Requests 
4. 
The Magistrate Judge found that several of the requests were ". . . 
testimonial in nature, in that by production, Epstein would be implicitly communicating 
'statements of fact' to which the Fifth Amendment privilege may be validly asserted." 
(DE 242, p. 10). On that basis, and as a limited example, this Court denied request 
number 5 (seeking telephone records of calls made by Epstein) and request number 6 
(seeking telephone calls made by Epstein to his employees). Likewise, this court denied 
interrogatory numbers 1, 2, 10 and 12 because those interrogatories sought the names of 
Epstein's employees or their telephone numbers and thus "would furnish a link in the 
chain of evidence needed to prosecute Epstein of a crime." 
(DE 242, p.8-9). 
Additionally, this court denied interrogatory numbers 13, 14 and 17 because those asked 
Epstein to identify persons or witnesses that have knowledge of the events in question. Id. 
at p. 8. In making the decision, the court recognized, much like this Supplementary Brief 
EFTA00730363
--- PAGE 3 ---
contends infra, that ". . . the facts alleged in the Complaints, the elements needed to 
convict Epstein of a crime, and . . . the Court's knowledge concerning the cases at issue" 
provide a basis for Epstein to raise the privilege based upon "genuinely threatening 
questions" which could furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to convict Epstein 
of a crime. (DE 242, p.18) United States v. Goodwin, 625 F.2d 693, 701 (5th Cir. 1980). 
5. 
As detailed below, the Specified Requests seek similar information or will 
lead to the production of the exact information that this court has already ruled is 
protected by Epstein's Fifth Amendment Privilege. 
The Background Of This Case And Other Related Cases As Well As The Federal 
Statutory Claims And Elements Of Those Offenses Must Be Considered In 
Connection With Epstein's More Particularized Showing Demonstrating How The 5th 
Amendment Is Validly Applied To Plaintiff's Requests For Production 
6. 
The circumstances of this case (and in other related cases) are such that 
not only does Epstein face allegations of sexual misconduct with and abuse, exploitation, 
and sexual battery of alleged minors in this and other civil actions in the State of Florida, 
but he also faces a potential federal criminal prosecution based on the same factual 
allegations. The Plaintiff's attorney represents Jane Doe Nos. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7, in civil 
actions against Epstein filed in this Court. In this and the other civil actions, the Plaintiffs 
reference federal and state criminal statutes in an attempt to allege claims ranging from 
sexual battery to intentional infliction of emotional distress, including, as to Jane Doe 2 
violations of 18 U.S.C. 2422, entitled "Coercion and enticement", contained in Title 18, 
"Crimes and Criminal Procedure," Part I — "Crimes," Chapter 117 — "Transportation for 
Illegal Sexual Activity and Related Crimes," and as to other Jane Does violations of 18 
U.S.C. 2423(b) which criminalizes interstate or foreign travel for the purpose of having 
illicit sexual activity, each of which in turn is a potential predicate for federal damages 
EFTA00730364
--- PAGE 4 ---
lawsuits pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255 — which creates a civil remedy for personal injuries 
where a plaintiff can show a violation of specified statutory criminal statues. See current 
text of 18 U.S.C. §2422, along with pre-2006 amended text. See Exhibit "B" hereto — 
copy of Plaintiff's Second Amended Complaint, see also 18 U.S.C. 2423(b) appended 
hereto as Exhibit "B-I" Most importantly, the lynchpin for the exercise of federal 
criminal jurisdiction under 18 U.S.C. 2422(b) is "the use of "any facility or means of 
interstate or foreign commerce" and the analogous essential element of 18 U.S.C. 
2423(b) is "travel{s} in interstate commerce or travels into the United States or {as} to a 
United States citizen...travels in foreign commerce". Thus, facially, an essential proof of 
any allegation of 18 U.S.C. 2422(b) — the statutory precondition alleged by Jane Doe 2 
for a 2255 civil damage recover - includes telephone, cellular phone, e-mail records or 
other "communications" as a facility of interstate commerce during which use there was 
persuasion, inducement, enticing, or coercing of an underage person to engage in 
prostitution or sexual activity). As more fully discussed, infra, contested requests for 
production numbers 10, 11, 19 and 21 ask that Epstein produce information (i.e., 
documents reflecting Epstein's air travel, aircraft used and flight manifests, all 
communications with female models, MC2 models or Jean Luc Brunel relating to or 
referring to females coming into the United States from other countries and his personal 
calendars and schedules and his personal calendars and schedules) that could reveal the 
availability to him or such interstate facilities and thus would constitute a link in the 
chain of evidence that could potentially expose him to the hazards of self-incrimination 
as to 18 U.S.C. 2422(b) federal criminal violations. 
EFTA00730365
--- PAGE 5 ---
7. 
Likewise, other Jane Does such as Jane Doe 102 have contended that they 
are entitled to 18 U.S.C. 2255 damages based on Epstein's violation of 18 U.S.C. 
2423(b), a separate federal criminal statute that prohibits "a person who travels in 
interstate commerce or travels into the United States...for the purpose of engaging in 
illicit sexual activity". As more fully discussed, infra, contested request to produce 
numbers 10, II, 19 and 21 ask Epstein to produce information that could provide a link in 
the chain of evidence regarding: (a) Epstein's air travel within the United States and 
Foreign Territories; (b) Epstein's communications with female models, MC2 models, or 
Jean Luc Brunel relating to or referring to females coming into the United States from 
other countries; and (c) Epstein's personal calendars and schedules. Given that the 
essential proof of an allegation of 18 U.S.C. 2423(b) (an alternative predicate for 2255 
claims) includes travel records, schedules regarding trips and locations, flight records, 
and calendars evidencing Epstein's whereabouts, the requested information could furnish 
evidence that could potentially expose him to the hazards of self-incrimination as to 18 
U.S.C. 2423(b) violations. The is especially true given that, according to Jane Doe 2's 
complaint, he has residences and businesses in New York and the Virgin Islands as well 
as Florida. 
8. 
Moreover, both 18 U.S.C. 2422(b) and 18 U.S.C. 2423(b) were amongst 
the target offenses of a joint FBI-United States Attorney investigation further 
demonstrating the extent to which Epstein's refusal to respond or produce information to 
each request is, as required, based on a specific apprehension of a compelled production 
and disclosure providing a link in the chain of evidence adverse to him. Blau v. United 
States, 340 U.S. 159 (1950). 
EFTA00730366
--- PAGE 6 ---
Responding to the Specified Requests Would Violate Epstein's 
Amendment Privilege And 
Would Expose Him to the Hazards of 18 U.S.C. 2422110 And The 18 U.S.C. 2423(b) 
9. 
Request for Production Numbers 10, 11, 19 and 21 seek the following 
information: 
Request No. 10. All documents referring to or relating to air travel and 
aircraft used by Defendant, including without limitation, flight logs and 
flight manifests. 
Request No. 11. Any and all documents referring to or relating to 
modeling agencies, including but not limited to documents relating to or 
reflecting communications with female models. 
Request No. 19. Any and all documents reflecting or consisting of 
communications between Jeffrey Epstein and MC2 Models or Jean-Luc 
Brunel, relating or referring to females coming into the United States from 
other countries to pursue a career in modeling, including, but not limited 
to, letters, notes and e-mails. 
Request No. 21. Any and all personal calendars or schedules of or for 
Jeffrey Epstein from January 1, 2003 to the present. 
10. 
As discussed below, production of the specified information is tantamount 
to compelled testimonial authentication of the information, its existence, its authenticity, 
and as well Epstein's alleged possession, custody or control of same. 
Production may 
result in self incrimination and potential federal-criminal prosecution of Epstein. 
II. 
The Second Amended Complaint includes allegations that 
Epstein's =Mt" 
was a part of "Epstein's plan and scheme (which) reflected a 
particular pattern and method" in the alleged recruiting of girl's to come to Epstein's 
Palm Beach mansion and give him "massages" in exchange for money. 
ee 2nd Am. 
Complaint, 111-12. Given the allegations of violations of 18 U.S.C. 2422 in Count III, 
the plaintiff is alleging the recruiting occurred over the telephone, see par 9-10 of the 
Second Amended Complaint. (Paragraph 10 includes an averment that it was 
routine to seek telephone contact information from the plaintiff) According to the 
EFTA00730367
--- PAGE 7 ---
allegations — "Upon information and belief Epstein has a sexual preference and obsession 
for underage minor girls." Id. ¶8. 
would "bring the girl up a flight of 
stairs to a bedroom that contained a massage table [in his Palm Beach mansion]...." The 
girl would be alone with Epstein. Epstein would "lie naked on the massage table, and 
direct the girl to remove her clothes." "Epstein would then perform one or more lewd, 
lascivious and sexual acts, including masturbation and touching the girl's vagina." Id. 
¶11, Exhibit B. Plaintiff alleges that Epstein "sexually assaulted" her. Id. ¶12 Plaintiff 
also alleges that Epstein "maintains his principal home in New York and also owns 
residences in New Mexico, St. Thomas and Palm Beach, FL." Id. ¶7. "Upon information 
and belief, Jeffrey Epstein carried out his scheme and assaulted girls in Florida, New 
York and on his private island, known as Little St. James, in St. Thomas." Id. ¶9. The 
nature of the allegations are serious, and state clearly that the alleged assaults occurred in 
Florida, New York and in St. Thomas. 
12. 
The foregoing allegations demonstrate clearly how the requested 
documents, if produced, as to Epstein's air travel information and his personal calendar 
and schedules and his communications with participants in a modeling agency as well as 
the foreign travel of models from the MC2 agency would be compelled testimonial 
authentication by Epstein of the genuineness, the existence, and his control of such 
records and as such his principled refusal to respond to the requests for production based 
on his "act of production" Fifth Amendment is squarely supported by Supreme Court 
case law as more fully discussed herein. Based upon the foregoing, Epstein has a well-
founded, non-speculative fear that voluntary production would constitute evidence (or a 
clue or link in the chain of evidence) that would subject him to a risk of self-
EFTA00730368
--- PAGE 8 ---
incrimination i.e. that his assertion of his act of production privilege is warranted and 
non-speculative and entitled to judicial approval. Ste infra. 
13. 
The Second Amended Complaint also includes an averment that Epstein 
both resided in and engaged in illegal sexual conduct in districts outside the Southern 
District of Florida, see ¶¶ 7 and 9. In other words, the fact that there exists a NPA (see 
infra) does not mean that Epstein is free from future criminal prosecution. (DE 242, p.4) 
Here, there is too close a nexus between the information requested in request numbers 
10, 11, 19 and 21 and the pivotal jurisdictional requisites of 18 U.S.C. 2422(b)(the use of 
"interstate facilities" such as telephones, cellulars and e-mail — all of which could be 
gleaned from the requested records themselves or Epstein's personal calendars and 
schedules or his alleged e-mail communications with models) and 18 U.S.C. 2423(b)(the 
requirement of interstate travel i.e., Epstein's air travel, his use of aircraft, flight logs, 
flight manifests, as well as his alleged communications with models and those models 
coming into and out of the United States and from other countries — all of which could be 
gleaned his personal calendars or schedules). 
As such, responses and responsive 
documents will obviously reveal Epstein's whereabouts through his travel information, 
whom he might have traveled with, the individuals Epstein communicated with through 
such "interstate facilities", the content of those communications, the time and place 
where the communications occurred and his scheduling of events, all of which could 
provide leads to other evidence, identities of other potential witnesses, and would 
themselves constitute records that would therefore provide the links in the chain of 
evidence that could inculpate Epstein. If Epstein is compelled to provide any information 
relative to the Specified Requests that information could subsequently be used to 
EFTA00730369
--- PAGE 9 ---
incriminate him and it might be used to establish the elements of two separate federal 
criminal offenses identified above, each of which was an active target offense of the FBI-
United States Attorney's investigation of Epstein. 
14. 
Significantly, producing the specified information would result in 
testimonial disclosures that would communicate statements of fact by admitting that 
Epstein did travel to and from Florida and/or throughout the United States or other 
foreign jurisdictions, thereby requiring him to admit the very facts upon which Plaintiff's 
Second Amended Complaint is based (i.e., presence in Florida (or other jurisdictions) at 
the time of an allegation of misconduct or control of a particular telephone or other 
means of communication (e.g., e-mail) at the time of a claim that the plaintiff was 
recruited and persuaded or enticed in violation of 18 U.S.C. 2422(6)). The resulting 
hazard is that Epstein's travel records, his communication records (i.e., by telephone, 
cellular, or by e-mail) and/or his personal calendars or schedules can predictably be used 
to bolster the criminal-related allegations against Epstein and provide links in the chain 
that no citizen is required to produce. See infra — 5'h Amendment Application. Again, 
the information sought relates to potential federal claims of violations of 18 U.S.C. 
2422(b), 18 U.S.C. 2423(b), and 18 U.S.C. 1591. Production would therefore constitute a 
testimonial admission of the genuineness, the existence, and Epstein's control of such 
records, and thus presents a real and substantial danger of self-incrimination in this case, 
in other related cases and as well in areas that could result in criminal prosecution. See 
generally Hoffman v United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 (1951) and United States v. 
Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 36, 120 S.Ct. 2037, 2043 (2000). Plaintiff is free to obtain this 
information from other sources but not from Epstein. See infra. 
EFTA00730370
--- PAGE 10 ---
15. 
As to the two particular requests for information regarding models and 
modeling agency (requests numbers 11 and 19), such information was within the criminal 
investigatory objectives of the FBI-United States Attorney's Office joint investigation of 
Epstein. Both the FBI case agent 
and Assistant United States 
Attorney 
traveled to New York and attempted to interview the owner of 
MC2 modeling, Jean-Luc Brunel to further their joint criminal investigation of Epstein. 
On information and belief the subject matter of the intended interview was alleged 
violations of 18 U.S.C. 2423(b) and 18 U.S.C. 2422(b). 
Producing and therefore 
authenticating evidence of communications between Epstein and Brunel, or producing 
and therefore authenticating evidence of communications with other models and 
modeling agencies is again tantamount to testimonial admissions of the communications, 
of the relationships, and of the identities of the various parties to the travel and 
communication (i.e., it too would provide links in the chain of evidence towards self-
incrimination, in violation, if compelled, of the core of a citizen's privilege against self-
incrimination). See infra - Application of the Fifth Amendment. 
Responding to the Specified Requests Would Violate Enstein's 51* Amendment Privilege And 
Would Expose Wm to the hazards of 18 U.S.C. 2422(a) And The 18 U.S.C. 2423(b) 
16. 
Likewise, 18 U.S.C. 2422(a) also criminalizes interstate or foreign travel 
for the purpose of having illicit sexual activity, and is also a potential predicate for 
federal damages lawsuits pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255 which, as set forth above, creates 
a civil remedy for personal injuries where a plaintiff can show a violation of specified 
statutory criminal statues. 
17. 
Here, there is also too close a nexus between the information requested in 
request numbers 10, 19 and 21 and the pivotal jurisdictional requisites of 18 U.S.C. 
EFTA00730371
--- PAGE 11 ---
2422(a)(the requirement of interstate travel i.e., Epstein's air travel, his use of aircraft, 
flight logs, flight manifests, as well as his alleged communications with models and those 
models coming into and out of the United States and from other countries — all of which 
could be gleaned his personal calendars or schedules). Moreover, responding to request 
numbers 10, 19 and 21 may expose Epstein to the hazards of 18 U.S.C. 2423(b), which 
was a target offenses of the joint FBI-United States Attorney investigation discussed 
above. 
18. 
Accordingly, for the same reasons set forth supra, the requested 
information would provide links in the chain of evidence towards self-incrimination, in 
violation, if compelled, of the core of a citizen's privilege against self-incrimination, and 
may result in criminal prosecution for an alleged violation of 18 U.S.C. 2422(a) and 
2423(b). See supra, ¶¶6-15 
The NPA And The Underlying Criminal Investigation 
That Led To The NPA Must Also Be Considered In Connection With 
Epstein's More Particularized Showing Demonstrating How The .51" 
Amendment Is Validly Applied To Plaintiffs Requests For Production 
19. 
The threat of criminal prosecution is real and present as Epstein remains 
under the scrutiny of the United States Attorney's Office ("USAO"), which is explained 
and acknowledged in the Court's Order (DE 242). As this Court knows, Epstein entered 
into a Non-Prosecution Agreement ("NPA") with United States Attorney Office for the 
Federal Southern District of Florida. The terms and conditions of the NPA also entailed 
Epstein entering into a Plea Agreement with the State Attorney's Office, Palm Beach 
County, State of Florida. By its terms, the NPA took effect on June 30, 2008. As well, 
pursuant to the NPA, any criminal prosecution against Epstein is deferred as long as the 
terms and conditions of the NPA are fulfilled by Epstein. The federal grand jury 
EFTA00730372
--- PAGE 12 ---
investigation against Epstein is held in abeyance i.e. it is not concluded with finality until 
the NPA expires by its terms in late 2010 and as long as the USAO determines that 
Epstein has complied with those terms and conditions. The threat of criminal prosecution 
against Epstein by the USAO continues presently and through late 2010. The USAO 
possesses the right to declare that the agreement has been breached, give Epstein's 
counsel notice, and attempt to move forward with the prosecution. Moreover, the NPA 
does not provide Epstein with any protection from criminal investigation or prosecution 
in any federal district other than the Southern District of Florida. 
20. 
Additionally, the underlying criminal investigation that led to the NPA 
was focused as well on violations of 18 U.S.C. 1952. This statute titled the Interstate and 
Foreign travel or Transportation in Aid of Racketeering Enterprises, has the following 
underlying criminal elements - ". .. travels in interstate or foreign commerce or uses the 
mail or any facility in interstate or foreign commerce, with intent to. . . (I) distribute the 
proceeds of any unlawful activity; or (2) commit any crime of violence to further any 
unlawful activity; or (3) otherwise promote, manage, establish, carry on, or facilitate the 
promotion, management, establishment, or carrying on, of any unlawful activity, all in 
connection with, among other things, `prostitution'. (emphasis added). Clearly, the 
request for travel information (or other form of communications by telephone, cellular, e-
mail or schedules or calendars that could authenticate same) would be a link in the chain 
to further any investigation of this statute. 
Application Of The 0 Amendment 
21. 
In the instant case, it is evident from the requests themselves, the 
allegations in the various Complaints, and the facts and circumstances surrounding these 
EFTA00730373
--- PAGE 13 ---
cases, that to demand from Epstein a more particularized showing, requires Epstein to 
walk a thin line with regard to "surrender[ing] the very protection which the privilege is 
designed to guarantee." Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 479. The United States Supreme Court 
has made clear that the scope of the Fifth Amendment Privilege also encompasses the 
circumstance where "the act of producing documents in response to a subpoena (or 
production request) has a compelled testimonial aspect." United States v. Hubbell 530 
U.S. at 36; see also Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391 (1976); McCormick on 
Evidence Title 6, Chap. 13. The Privilege Against Self-Incrimination, §138 (6th Ed.). 
The "implicit authentication" rationale appears to be the prevailing justification for the 
Fifth Amendment's application to documentary subpoenas, which is no different from 
producing documents responsive to a request for production. att U.S. v Hubbell, 530 
U.S. 27, 36 (2000); Schmerber v. California 384 U.S., 757, 763-764, (1966) ("the 
privilege reaches . . . the compulsion of responses which are also communications, for 
example, compliance with a subpoena to produce one's papers); Couch v. United States, 
409 U.S. 322, 344-46 (1973) (the person complying with the subpoena "implicitly 
testifies that the evidence he brings forth is in fact the evidence demanded"); People v. 
Defore. 242 N.Y. 13. 27 (1926) ("A defendant is 'protected from producing his 
documents in response to a Subpoena duces tecum, for his production of them in court 
would be his voucher of their genuineness.' There would then be 'testimonial 
compulsion"). 
22. 
As stated, in responding to each request, Epstein would be compelled to 
provide assertions of fact, thereby admitting that such documents existed and further 
admitting that the documents were in his possession or control, and were authentic. In 
EFTA00730374
--- PAGE 14 ---
other words, the very act of production of the category of documents requested would 
implicitly communicate "statements of fact." Hubbell supra; Hoffman v. United States, 
341 U.S. 479, 71 S.Ct. 814 (1951). As such, the act of production might not only provide 
evidence to support a conviction, but also a link in the chain of evidence for prosecution. 
Importantly, such compulsion to produce is the same as being compelled to testify. Thus, 
in those instances where the existence and/or location of the requested documents are 
unknown, or where the production would "implicitly authenticate" the requested 
documents, the act of producing responsive documents is considered "testimonial" and is 
protected by the Fifth Amendment. In re Grand Jury Subpoena, 1 F.3d 87, 93 (2" Cir. 
1993)• see also Fisher v. U.S. 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976)(issue expressed as whether 
compliance with a document request or subpoena "tactically conceded" the items 
authenticity, existence or possession by defendant). Even more egregious is that fact that 
producing or responding to the Specified Requests could result in self-incrimination and 
potential prosecution. 
23. 
The United States Supreme Court has expressly encompassed the innocent 
citizen as well as the guilty within the ambit of Fifth Amendment protections (i.e., that 
Epstein may deny any allegation that he violated either of the above-described federal 
statutes is not in conflict with his constitutional right not to be compelled by requests to 
make disclosures that would further any investigation against him or incriminate him.) 
The Fifth Amendment privilege against self incrimination is accorded "liberal 
construction," Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 486, and extends not only to answers that would in 
themselves support a criminal conviction, but extends also to those answers (or responses 
as in the instant matter) that would furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to 
EFTA00730375
--- PAGE 15 ---
prosecute the claimant for a crime. Id. The Fifth Amendment serves as a guarantee 
against testimonial compulsion and provides, in relevant part, that "[n]o person...shall be 
compelled in any Criminal Case to be a witness against himself." (DE 242, p.5). In 
practice, the Fifth Amendment's privilege against self-incrimination "permits a person 
not to answer official questions put to him in any other proceeding, civil or criminal, 
formal or informal, where the answers might incriminate him in future criminal 
proceedings." Edwin v. Price, 778 F.2d 668, 669 (11'h Cir. 1985), citing Lefkowitz v. 
Turley, 414 U.S. 70, 77 (1973)). Thus, information is protected by the privilege not only 
if it would support a criminal conviction, but also in those instances where "the responses 
would merely provide a `lead or clue' to evidence having a tendency to incriminate." 
United States v.. Neff, 615 F.2d 1235, 1239 (9'h Cir.), cert. denied, 447 U.S. 825 (1980). 
"The claimant must [also] be `confronted by substantial and `real,' and not merely trifling 
or imaginary, hazards of incrimination." United States v. Apfelbaum 445 U.S. 115, 128 
(1980). Accordingly, responses to the requests propounded upon Epstein would provide 
information which is protected by the privilege i.e., "the responses [c]ould merely 
provide a `lead or clue' to evidence having a tendency to incriminate [Epstein]" United 
States v.. Neff, 615 F.2d 1235, 1239 (9th Cir.), cert. denied, 447 U.S. 825 (1980). 
Brief Conclusion 
For all of the foregoing reasons, this Court should sustain Epstein's objections to 
the Specified Requests and uphold Epstein's right to assert his 5th Amendment Privilege 
in connection with same. 
Wherefore, Epstein respectfully requests that this Court issue and order: 
EFTA00730376
--- PAGE 16 ---
a. 
finding that the danger Epstein faces by being forced to respond 
and produce documents relative to request numbers 10, 11, 19 and 21 is 
substantial and real, and not merely trifling or imaginary; 
b. 
sustaining Epstein's Fifth Amendment Privilege as it relates to 
request numbers 10, 11, 19 and 21 and denying Plaintiff's Motion in that regard; 
and 
c. 
for such other and further relief as this Court deems just and 
proper. 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is 
being served this day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in 
the manner specified by CM/ECF on this 
day of 
, 2009. 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & 
COLEMAN 
Phone 
Fax 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
EFTA00730377
--- PAGE 17 ---
Stuart S. Menne'stein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
Fax: Sam 
Counsel for Plaintiffs 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119, 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 
08-80994 
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
Fax: 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80811 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A. 
Counsel for Plaintiff C.M.A. 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Law Firm, P.A. 
F 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80469 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
Counsel for Plaintiffs in Related Cases 
Nos. 09-80591 and 09-80656 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
EFTA00730378
--- PAGE 18 ---
Fax: 
Counsel for Defendan 
Theodore J. Leopold, Esq. 
Spencer T. Kuvin, Esq. 
Leopold, Kuvin, P.A. 
Fax: 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-08804 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00730379

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730380.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM 
Document 35 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/'2212008 
Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 08-80736-Civ-Marra/Johnson 
IN RE: JANE DOE, 
Petitioner. 
SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION OF A. MARIE VILLAFANA 
do hereby declare that I am currently employed as an 
Assistant United States Attorney ("AUSA") in the Southern District of Florida and was so 
employed during all of the events described herein, and that I was the AUSA assigned to the 
investigation of Jeffrey Epstein. 
2. 
This Declaration is meant to supplement the information provided in the 
Declaration that was filed on July 9, 2008, and to correct some statements in that Declaration 
based upon events that occurred after the filing of the July 9 Declaration. 
3. 
As explained in the July 9 Declaration and in Court presentations related to this 
matter, the resolution of the federal investigation of Jeffrey Epstein included a series of 
documents: (1) a September 2007 Non-Prosecution Agreement ("Part I"); (2) an October 
2007 Addendum ("Part 2"); and (3) a letter dated December 19, 2007, from the U.S. Attorney 
to Attorney Lilly Ann Sanchez, counsel to Jeffrey Epstein ("Part 3"). 
EFTA00730380
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM 
Document 35 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/22/2008 
Page 2 of 4 
4. 
On July 9, 2008, your Affiant sent a victim notification letter to Jane Doe # I, 
which contained pertinent language from "Pan 3" of the Agreement (Ex. 6 to the July 9 
Decl.). 
5. 
Prior to preparing and sending that letter, your Affiant sent a draft of the letter 
to counsel for Jeffrey Epstein. On July 9, 2008, Mr. Epstein's attorney wrote to your Affiant 
objecting to pans of the draft, but accepting the part of the draft letter that contained the 
language from "Part 3" of the Agreement. Based upon that communication, your Affiant 
sent the victim notification letter to Jane Doe # I and attached it to your Affiant's July 9, 2008 
Declaration. 
6. 
Although copies of all of the victim notification letters, including the one 
addressed to Jane Doc #1, were provided to Mr. Epstein's attorney, and despite the fact that 
counsel for Mr. Epstein filed a copy of your Affiant's July 9, 2008 Declaration in some of 
the civil suits filed against Mr. Epstein, none of Mr. Epstcin's attorneys ever informed your 
Affiant that they considered the language in the letters and the Declaration to be inaccurate. 
7. 
In August 2008, in anticipation that the Court might order the United States to 
make the Agreement available to the victims, the United States sought to confirm that 
counsel for Mr. Epstein had filed the complete Agreement under seal with the State Court 
at the time of the entry of his guilty plea to the State charges, to insure that an exact copy of 
that Agreement would be provided in this case, should the Court order its production. 
-2-
EFTA00730381
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM 
Document 35 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/22/2008 
Page 3 of 4 
8. 
On August 14, 2008, Mr. Epstein's counsel communicated to your Affiant that 
Mr. Epstein did not consider the modification contained in "Part 3" to be operative. This was 
confirmed on August 18, 2008. 
9. 
Following that date, your Affiant prepared a corrected victim notification letter 
and worked with Mr. Epstein's counsel to resolve certain issues related to the implementation 
of the Agreement comprised only of "Parts 1 and 2." Those issues were resolved on 
September 2, 2008, and on September 3, 2008, your Affiant sent the corrected victim 
notification letter to Jane Doe #1 via her attorney, Brad Edwards, Esq. 
10. 
As explained in the July 9, 2008 Declaration, at the time that the Agreement 
was negotiated, Jane Doe #2 was represented by an attorney paid for by Mr. Epstein, and, 
accordingly, all contact with Jane Doe #2 was made through that attorney. 
11. 
At the time that all portions of the Agreement were signed, Jane Doe #2 was 
openly hostile to the prosecution of Mr. Epstein and had provided a statement denying that 
she was a victim. Thus, she was not included in the list of victims provided to Mr. Epstein's 
counsel and did not receive either of the victim notification letters. She is, however, 
represented by Attorney Edwards who was informed of these developments and who 
received both the initial and corrected victim notification letters that were sent to Jane 
Doe #1. 
12. 
In accordance with the Court's instructions at the status conference of August 
14, 2008 and the terms of the Protective Order entered by the Court on August 21, 2008, 
-3-
EFTA00730382
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM 
Document 35 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/22/2008 
Page 4 of 4 
beginning on September 2, 2008, 1 sent corrected Victim Notifications to all victims whom 
I knew to be represented by counsel. In those letters, I advised counsel of the Court's 
Protective Order and the procedure for obtaining a copy of the Non-Prosecution Agreement. 
Since that time, I have provided the Non-Prosecution Agreement to several attorneys, who 
represent twelve identified victims, and have received Protective Orders counter-signed by 
those attorneys and their clients. Two attorneys for other victims have not requested the 
opportunity to review the Non-Prosecution Agreement. Victims whom I believe are 
unrepresented have also received corrected Victim Notification letters that advise them of 
the existence of the Protective Order. No one has expressed to me any concerns regarding 
their access to the Non-Prosecution Agreement. 
13. 
I declare under penalty of perjury, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, that the 
foregoing is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Executed this2Zri Ul day of December, 2008. 
-4-
EFTA00730383
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM 
Document 35-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/2212008 
Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 08-80736-Civ-Marra/Johnson 
IN RE: JANE DOE, 
Petitioner. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on December 22, 2008, I electronically filed the foregoing 
Supplemental Declaration of A. Marie Villafaila with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. 
According to the Court's website, counsel for all parties are able to receive notice via the 
CM/ECF system. 
s/A. Marie Villafafia 
A. MARIE VILLAFANA 
Assistant United States Attorney 
EFTA00730384
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM 
Document 35-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12'22'2008 
Page 2 of 2 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Does 1 and 2 v. United States 
Case No. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
A. Marie Villafafia 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
ann.marie.c.villafana@usdoj.gov 
U.S. Attorney's Office 
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Telephone: (561) 820-8711 
Facsimile: (561) 820-8777 
Attorney for United States 
[Service via CM/ECF] 
-2-
Brad Edwards. Eso 
The Law Offices of Brad Edwards & 
Associates, LLC 
2028 Harrison Street, Suite 202 
Hollywood, Florida 33020 
(954) 414-8033 
Fax: (954) 924-1530 
Attorney for Plaintiffs 
[Service via CM/ECF] 
Jay C. Howell 
Jay Howell & Associates PA 
644 Cesery Boulevard 
Suite 250 
Jacksonville FL 32211 
Email: 
PRO HAC VICE 
[Service via CM/ECF] 
Paul G. Cassell 
Email: cassellp@law.utah.edu 
[Service via CM/ECF) 
EFTA00730385

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730386.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730386.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS AND BREAKDFOWN FOR MARRAKECH WEF TRIP 
FORUM FEE FOR WEF MENA IN MARRAKECH 
Mick
Sq
veforum.or 
RE PAYMENT OF FORUM FEE 
SA 
World Economic Forum on the Middle East and N( 
Marrakech, Morocco 26-28 October 2010 
Purpose, Resilience and Prosperity 
Dear Ms Maxwell, 
Please note that according to our accounting department your participation fee  for the World 
Economic Forum on the Middle East and North Africa, 26-28 October 2010, remains unpaid. It 
is $3,500 U.S. 
If the amount has already been paid, please forward us your proof of payment. 
To avoid setbacks at the registration desk, please send us your credit card details should you 
wish to have the amount debited directly, or please make sure the amount is transferred to our 
bank account. Our bank account details are: 
Bank name: 
UBS AG, Postfach, CH-8098 Zurich, Switzerland 
Thank you for your understanding. We look forward to welcoming you in Marrakech. 
Kind regards, 
Andre Schneider 
Managing Director, 
Chief Operating Officer 
For any questions regarding your invoice, please contact our accounting department by 
telephone at 
Sherif El Diwany 
Director, 
Head of Middle East and North Africa 
Supporting Letter re Fee Reduction to $3,500 (from $6,000) 
to Rim.Lemsyeh, me, isabel.maxwell, Sherif.ElDiwany 
Dear Isabel, 
Oct 
Oct 
Thanks for the prompt reply. I look forward to the opportunity to have you 
for the session. Please note that as an alumnus of the Technology Pioneer 
community of the Forum, we are able to apply the discounted participation fee 
of 3,500 USD. 
All the best, Mirek 
EFTA00730386
--- PAGE 2 ---
Miroslav (Mirek) Dusek 
Associate Director 
Middle East and North Africa 
World Economic Forum 
91-93 route de la Capite 
CH-1223 Cologny/Geneva 
Visit our website at http://www.weforum.orq 
Supporting Letter re Initial Invitation to Speak at the WEF: 
On Monday, October 4, 2010, 
p wrote: 
Dear Isabel, 
I look forward to meeting you in Marrakech. We would be delighted if you 
could join us as panellist in the below session of the official programme. 
Please let me know if this of interest. 
All the best, 
Mirek 
Miroslav (Mirek) Dusek 
Associate Director 
Middle East and North Africa 
The Next Innovation Drive: Low Carbon or Low Cost? 
Wednesday 27 October 17:00 - 18:30 
Palmeraie Congress Centre, Oliveraie 
Energized by expanding emerging markets, advances aimed at lowering the 
cost of technology and services are challenging the prominence of 
low-carbon innovation. 
Which of the innovation drives will define the order of business strategy in the 
coming decade? 
The session will include: 
Discussion Leaders: Helmy Abouleish **, Vice-Chairman and Managing Director, 
Sekem Group, Egypt 
Isabel S. Maxwell, President, Blue World Alliance, USA 
David Appia **, Ambassador of France for International Investment; 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Invest in France Agency, France 
Bashar Arafeh *, Chief Commercial Officer, Zain, Kuwait 
EFTA00730387
--- PAGE 3 ---
Francesco Serafini **, Executive Vice-President for Emerging Markets, Hewlett-
Packard Company, Switzerland 
CONFIRMATION OF HOLDING HOTEL RESERVATION FOR PAYMENT 
Forwarded message 
From: PublicisLive 
Date: Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 11:29 PM 
Subject: [WEF MENA 2010] 
> 
Online Hotel Reservation : Ms Isabel S. Maxwell 
Dear Ms Maxwell, 
PublicisLive tracking code : MAR710 
This is an automatic notification of your hotel reservation request made on 
the website : 
Subject : World Economic Forum on the Middle East and North Africa 
Request Reference : MAR1009240829710MI 
Date : 24/09/2010 at 08:29:19 
THIS IS NOT A RESERVATION CONFIRMATION. 
THE FINAL CONFIRMATION WILL BE SENT BY PUBLICISLIVE 
Hotel : Palmeraie Village 1 Room : Apartment 
From : 25 October 2010 to 29 October 2010 
Amount : 800 EUR 
Best regards, 
Reservation Centre PublicisLive 
Top of Form 
W RLD 
EC NOMIC 
F 
RUM 
Login 
Welcome 
Personal details 
World 
on the Middle Easi 
Marrakech, 26. 
Accommodation 
Re 
Dear Isabel S. Maxwell, 
Your registration is currently managed by our Reservation Centi 
If you whish to amend your registration details or your accommodation re 
contact us by phone or by email. 
Best Regards, 
The Reservation Centre 
EFTA00730388
--- PAGE 4 ---
PublicisLive
Email: 
Bottom of Form 
E-mail: 
TRAVEL DETAIL FOR MS MAXWELL LOS ANGELES- MARRAKECH-ISRAEL-LOS 
ANGELES $2669.00 PAID FOR BY SPONSOR, DAN GOULD - SEE BELOW 
Fiona Jenkins - Assistant Team Leader 
Liberty Travel 7th and Flower 
661 S Flower St, 
THINK GREEN: Please consider the environment before printing this email. 
On Tue, Oct 19, 2010 at 6:20 PM, Dan Gould < 
> wrote: 
I approve as long as Isabel likes the schedule. 
On 10/19/10 6:19 PM, Jenkins, Fiona wrote: 
Thank you for booking with Liberty Travel. Please see below Essential Travel Guide, Itinerary and 
attached Invoice for your booking. 
We require an email response to complete your travel booking to acknowledge that you confirm 
that the dates, times, and travelers names are spelled correctly, you authorize to have the credit card 
on file ending with credit card numbers 
4505 
charged for the amount of $_2669 
for the purpose of payment for these travel arrangements made with Liberty Travel for self and 
accompanying travelers and agree and to be bound by the conditions of the Invoice, Itinerary, and 
Essential Travel Guide. 
By responding to the email you are also confirming the information below: 
FULL NAME: Daniel Gould 
BILLING STATEMENT ADDR 
CONTACT PHONE NUMBER 
Please also provide alternate or emergency contact information whilst traveling if different then the 
contact details already provided. This booking will ONLY be finalized upon receipt of this email 
prior to expiration of booking and will confirm via email your purchase price and itinerary. Until 
such time, we cannot guarantee the prices and availability of travel booking. 
PLEASE RESPOND BY: 
6.30pm 
am/pm local time on today Oct 19 
2010 
to purchase your travel booking. 
Please note that we verify name and address for all of our credit card clients with your issuing bank to 
confirm identity and to protect the cardholder. 
SALES PERSON: TA 
ITINERARY 
DATE: 19 OCT 10 
TO: ISABEL MAXWEL 
USA 
EFTA00730389

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730390.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUSMAN GODFREY 
. 
SUMMARY 
US Dollars 
Description 
Amount 
Total Billed thru 12/8/09 
64,903.14 
Total Paid thru 12/18/09 
0.00 
Total Paid thru 12/18/09 - FTC 
095.60 
Total Outstanding Balance as of 12/18/09 
$ 
2,807.54 
EFTA00730390
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUSMAN GODFREY 
. 
Invoice & Payment History 
US Dollars 
Payments from 
Date 
Payments from 
Date 
Invoice Date 
Amount 
Paid 
FTC 
Paid 
8/31/2009 
27,162.57 
9/30/2009 
9,933.03 
retainer—> 
25,000.00 
8/13/2009 
10/31/2009 
25,057.54 
37,095.60 
11/10/2009 
11/30/2009 
2,750.00 
TOTALS 
903.14 
0.00 
095.60 
Total Outstanding Balance as of 12/18/09 
$ 
2,807.54 
EFTA00730391

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730392.pdf
----------------------------------------
15.10.2010 
5-7pm 
Unit 5,Waterside 
44/48 Wharf Road 
London N1 7UX 
EFTA00730392

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730393.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT 
Thurgood Marshall U.S. Courthouse 40 Foley Square, New York, NY 10007 Telephone: 212-857-8500 
MOTION INFORMATION STATEMENT 
Docket Number(s):  10-2438 and 10-2573 (consolidated) 
Motion for: Dismissal of consolidated appeals as moot; vacatur of lower court orders
In Re: Application to Quash Subpoenas 
Caption Fuse short title) 
to Daily News, L.P. and George Rush 
Set forth below precise, complete statement of relief sought: 
(1) Dismissing consolidated appeals as moot: and (2) pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 6 2106. 
vacating District Court order entered on May 21. 2010 (McKenna. J.) denying 
appellants' motion to quash subpoenas and vacating District Court order entered on 
June 25, 2010 (Stein, J.) adjudging appellants in civil contempt of May 21 order. 
MOVING PARTY: Daily News. L.P. and George Rush 
 OPPOSING PARTY:  Appellee Jane Doe 
D Plaintiff 
O Defendant 
ID Appellant/Petitioner 
Appellee/Respondent 
MOVING ATTORNEY: Laura R. Bondman and Robert D. Bolin 
OPPOSING ATTORNEY: Paul G. Cassell 
[name of attorney, with finn, address, phone number and e-mail) 
Davis Wright Tremaine LLP 
 332 South 1400 East, Room 101 
Suite 800. 19 
ennsylyania Avenue. NW 
 Salt Lake City. UT 84112 
Court-Judge/Agency appealed from:  Southern District of New York (Stein. J. and McKenna. J. 
Please cheek appropriate boxes: 
FOR EMERGENCY MOTIONS, MOTIONS FOR STAYS AND 
INJUNCTIONS PENDING APPEAL: 
Has movant notified opposing counsel (required by Local Rule 27.1): 
Has request for relief been made below? 
K Yes K No 
Yes 0 
No (explain): 
Has this relief been previously sought in this Court? 
Yes 0 No 
 Requested return date and explanation of emergency: 
Opposing counsel's position on motion: 
Unopposed ['Opposed ODon't Know 
Does opposing counsel intend to file a response: 
K Yes U No ['Don't Know 
O 
Is oral argument on motion requested? 
K Yes 
U No (requests for oral argument will not necessarily be granted) 
Has argument date of appeal been set? 
El Yes d No If yes, enter date: Pc, motion order dated July, 12, 2010. appeal um on 'ohm's:on and held in abeyance 
sedditAdi41.°Allitilair 
• 
 Date:  July 20, 2010 
Has service been effected? 
U Yes K No [Attach proof of service] 
ORDER 
IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT the motion is GRANTED DENIED. 
FOR THE COURT: 
CATHERINE O'HAGAN WOLFE, Clerk of Court 
Date: 
By:  
Form T-1080 
EFTA00730393

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730394.pdf
----------------------------------------
systems 
JAY CAPLAN 
Project Leadership • Systems Management 
Delivering pragmatic solutions with direct impacts on performance, profit, and functionality. 
Adaptable, hands-on IT professional with a proven track record of quality, efficiency, and reliability in 
systems and software development, enhancement, and support. Recognized as a tenacious problem 
solver highly skilled at making technology work with limited resources. 
Core Technical Competencies in: 
• Technology Integration 
• System Design 
• Phone Systems 
• Disaster Recovery Planning 
• System Backups & Restores 
• Web & Email Server Admin. 
• Computer & Network Security • End-User Support 
• Hardware & Software Installation 
Core Management Competencies in: 
• Staff Management 
• Capacity Planning 
• Business Case Development 
• Senior Management Buy-in 
• Vendor Management 
• Budget Management 
Technology Profile 
Servers: 
Operating 
Systems: 
Applications 
Protocols: 
Network: 
Windows 2000/2003/2008, Terminal Server, MS SQL 2000/2005,I1S 5/6, 
MS Exchange 2010, 'mail 8/11, Netware 4.11 
Windows 2000/XPNista/7, Macintosh OS 9/X, Linux Ubuntu 9/10 
MS Office 2000/2003/2007, Acrobat 6/7/9, Adobe Illustrator CS/CS3/CS4 
TCP/IP, IPXJSPX, DNS, DHCP, SMTP, POP3, IMAP4, FTP 
VPN, Active Directory, Juniper Firewall, Ethernet and cabling, Network 
Management 
Recommendation: 
"Jay is a skilled and determined troubleshooter and communicates technological issues in a straight-
forward manner. He recommends well-researched and robust hardware and software solutions. He is 
conscientious and thorough and provides excellent IT hardware and software support to users at all 
levels." George Wright IV, Vice-President, Product Identification and Processing Systems 
Professional Experience 
Systems Administrator 
1991—Present 
Product Identification and Processing Systems, Inc., NY, NY 
Manage operations of Information Systems Department, including multiple server network, hardware, 
and software administration, installation and maintenance; help desk support; Avaya phone system 
configuration and support; and user training. 
Infrastructure: Developed and supported network and server environments, providing reliable and safe 
systems. 
• 
Established high availability VPNs for branch office and home office connections, making innovative 
use of dynamic DNS. Set up 2 x 2 matrix of VPN definitions on main and branch office firewalls, 
providing immediate recovery in case of failover to backup Internet connection on either firewall. 
• 
Avoided single point of failure by diversifying server infrastructure to single purpose rack-mounted 
servers, utilizing digital Avocent KVM for remote viewing and control. Configured server rack with 
appropriate hardware: pull-out monitor/keyboard, Cisco gigabit switch, PDU and rack mounted APC 
UPS with network interface. 
EFTA00730394
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
Migrated legacy Netware server to Windows server in incremental phases to minimize disruption. 
Achieved a simplified network infrastructure, removed network client complexity, and improved ease 
of access for end users. 
• 
Designed, planned, and implemented the transition of network infrastructure to Ethernet. Moved to 
100Base-T, replacing all components with the goal of faster and more reliable access capabilities. 
Subsequently upgraded to a gigabit network infrastructure. 
• 
Installed and manage McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator (EPO) supporting a networked installation of 
Virus Scan Enterprise. Installed & manage CounterSpy Enterprise (CSE) networked anti-spyware. 
• 
Early adopter of out-sourced email scanning that lead to greatly reduced spam and an 8 year record 
of no email-borne virus infections. 
Support and Administration: Rapidly resolved all issues related to processes and technology. 
• 
Implemented systems backup and disaster recovery plan using Symantec Backup Exec. 
• 
Supported Windows upgrades and migrations, utilizing Norton Ghost and Acronis disk imaging 
technology where appropriate for quick deployments. 
• 
Automated server and network tasks using a mix of Kix and command scripts. 
• 
Administered local and remote Windows and Netware servers, and Windows and Mac clients. 
• 
Developed strong troubleshooting skills, rapidly identifying and resolving diverse hardware, 
software, and network problems. 
• Provided helpdesk support for internal and external customers. 
Management/Leadership: Scope of responsibilities included every aspect of managing an information 
systems environment. 
• 
Devised an incredibly unique solution to a lack of support for email gateway product. Created a 
corporate matchmaking of 2 companies, software developer and gateway product provider, that led 
to acquisition. Received a lifetime license for new product at no cost with support to meet all needs. 
• 
Saved $14K in yearly salary costs by appealing INS job classification for programming position to 
more appropriate pay rate for job role and responsibilities. 
Performance Review: 
"Jay is a great asset and has shown a willingness to perform above and beyond in order to complete 
any task through to completion. Users were never exposed to "down-time" under his system 
administration." Citibank 
Network Administrator, Programmer/Analyst 
1988-1990 
CITIBANK, N.A., New York and Long Island City, NY 
Responsible for the operations of a 5 server, 150 user Novell network supporting the Treasury and 
Finance departments, with connections to mini and mainframe hosts. Purchased, installed, and 
maintained LAN hardware and software. Performed troubleshooting on network problems and computer 
peripherals. Designed, developed, and supported software programs for the Investigations Department. 
ACCOMPLISHMENT HIGHLIGHTS: 
• 
Nominated to Citibank's Top Operations Performers' Society. 
• 
Instituted daily, full server backups with multiple levels of redundancy. 
• Installed remote access, providing more efficient and immediate user support. 
Education and Professional Development 
MCTS in MS Exchange 2010 
B.S. Computer Science, Ohio State University, completed 3 years toward degree 
Page 2 
EFTA00730395

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730396.pdf
----------------------------------------
T -E IC 
systems. 
May Tang 
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS: 
• 
13+ years of extensive technical and project management experience. 
• 
Strong, persuasive interpersonal skills and excellent communication and training skills. 
• 
Ability to multitask, problem solve and meet deadlines. 
• 
Background in hiring, training, and mentoring users and new technical hires. 
• 
Able to work well with high level executives, clients and vendors. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
5/07 - Present 
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP - IT Manager 
• 
Oversee IT for offices in Hong Kong, Tokyo and Beijing. 
• 
Deliver reports to IT management on call resolution times, types, categories, regions and trending 
using c.Support. 
• 
Projects include: 
> 
Desksite to Filesite migration. 
1. 
Windows XP to Windows 7 conversion. 
> Develop and manage interdepartmental websites using Sharepoint. 
> Evaluate and plan PC, laptops and Blackberry upgrades. 
> Schedule software releases through Altiris. 
> 
Build specific Ghost images for each office. 
> 
Manage lease contracts and negotiate with tech vendors for best services & prices. 
• 
Lead office for beta testing for company wide rollout. 
• 
Formulate and identify areas for group policy desktop management and design them for optimal 
desktop computing controls and operations. 
• 
Manage user and equipment inventory for all offices. 
6/01 - 5/07 
El Entertainment Television — IT Manager 
• 
Manage and supervise Helpdesk team, projects, moves and rollouts. 
• 
Provide desktop & technical support for offices in NY, LA, CT, Chicago, DT, London & Hong Kong. 
• 
Manage help desk operators to ensure consistent performance in call management. 
• 
Coordinate and support all on and off site presentations and meetings including Upfront. 
• 
Train end users on new applications and hardware. 
• 
Work with help desk operators to identify areas for first level support resolution. 
• 
Ensure "always available" personnel to respond to user calls. 
• 
Resource for software, hardware and printing issues. 
11/99 — 6/01 
Sullivan & Cromwell LLP - Technical Support Specialist 
• 
Level III application & desktop support for organizational partners, including in-house & off-site 
installations, configurations, backups, repairs, upgrades and customization of workstations. 
• 
Plan, implement & manage Windows conversion. 
• 
Evaluate and set standards for PC hardware and software. 
• 
Train end users and fellow Administrators, Supervisors & Engineers. 
• 
Test, debug and upgrade software applications. 
9/98 — 11/99 
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter - LAN Support Specialist 
• 
Level II Support for organization executives. 
• 
Provide in-house and telephone support for end users with word documents, spreadsheets & 
processing applications. 
• 
Install and maintain network servers, backup operations & workstations. 
• 
Troubleshoot & repair PCs, mainframes and peripheral devices. 
EDUCATION 
New York University — Bachelor's in Computer Science & East Asian Studies 
LANGUAGES 
Fluent in Chinese 
EFTA00730396

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730397.pdf
----------------------------------------
DIGITAL 
/ PROJECTION 
HOLLYWOOD'S HOME CINEMA 
.... 
nee 
Oft 
nun au 
REFERENCE 3D Displays 
TITAN Reference 10B0p 3D 
PERFORMANCE SPECIFICATIONS 
Brightness (a10%) 
4.000 6.000 ANSI Lumens 
Integrator Adjustable 
Contrast Ratio (=10%) 
5000:1 
Display Type 
x .95" Dark Chip-4 1080p DMD" with 
Fast Transit Pixels for smooth 
greyscale and improved contrast 
DMD Specification 
1920 x 1080 portals native. 12° tilt angle 
Fi Factor 
87% 
Sealed Optics at MD"' Interface 
Protects DMD s'" from optical contamination 
Source Compatibility 
• Composite. s-video. and color difference 
video standards 
• RGB graphics standards up to 1920 x 1080 
• DVI standards with HDCP compliance 
• High definition RGB and color difference 
standards 
• High definition / standard definition senal 
digital formats (SOHD.SOI) 
• High bandwidth Dual DVI. and Dual-Twin DVI 
Video Processing 
• Enhanced 7 port color correct= 
• Dual Flash Processing" nemeses 60 Hz inputs to 
120 Hz dsplayed output 
• FauFrarne Motion Blur Reduction 
• Xenon Cott Mode - User selectable notch ter and 
xenon-color mode processng, enable the projector 
to replicate xenon lamp spectral performance 
• Class leading Video deintedaongprocessing of SD 
and HD sources usng auto 3:2 and 2:2 extraction 
ruggedqed for editng discontinurtes 
• Pixel-based motion adaptive interpolation 
• User selectable preset. parametric 
de-gamma and user cirmnloadable de-gamma 
• Frame Delay: as low as 1 frame. source dependant 
• Auto mode selects:in - plug and play setup 
High Bandwidth Input 
• 3D rapahta
• Pixel Mapped wth Ion Latency 
• FastFrame Motion Blur Reduction 
• 120 Hz with no frame doublrg 
3D Sync 
Sync In External lock 
Sync Out - Shutter glass control 
Network Connection 
LAN via RI 45. Wreless 802.11b. 
full protocol feature set 
Lamp Type 
Dual High htensty Discharge modules 
(2 x 350'x•/) 
Lamp Life (typical),
4000 hours sequential lamp operation. 
lamp low provides extended lamp life 
Lens Mount 
Zoom Lenses: Motorized horizontal and verfical 
lens shit zoom and focus 
Fixed Lenses: Manual focus 
Lens Shift (mnimum) 
Fixed 1.12 and Zoom Lenses: 
• Vert +0.7. -0.5 frame: Hor. =0.1875 frame 
0.67 Fixed lens: 
• Vert: =0.1 frame; Hor. =0.1 frame 
Lens Options 
0.67 
:I fixed 
1.12 
:I fixed 
1.16- 1.49:1 zoom 
1.39-1.87 :I zoom 
1.87-2.55 :1 zoom 
2.56-4.15 :1 zoom 
4.16-6.96 :1 zoom 
6.16-10.49 :1 zoom 
• 1.12:1 Lenses include manual aperture 
• High-contrast lenses available for 0.67:1 
and all zoom lenses 
Mechanical Mounting 
• Front or rear table: Front or rear ceiling 
(ceiling mount optional) 
• Rugged. staging tolerant chassis with 
integrated handles 
• Optional RapidRig— frame with integrated 
pitch. roll and yaw adjustments 
Weight (chassis only) 
lbs (314) 
Specifications suMect to charge wievout notice OP V1.0 0309 t2009 Digital Projection. inc. 
- O P. Digital Light Processing and DMD are trademarks of Texas Instruments. Inc. 
Overview 
Dotal Protection International (DPI). Texas Instarrents' fret OLP-  partner and tie ongnal 
renovator of the 3•chp OLP-  prolector. peoudy ntroduces the newest entry in our Ind of 
Actne.3D capable hone entertainment Reference Duprey,. the TITAN Reference 1080p 
30. Weighing in al just 31kgsh68 
. 
dual lamp TITAN Reference 1080p 30 employs 
the latest in Texas Instruments' Oarkchp 1080p DU"' !ethnology to delver tp to 8003 
ANSI lumens of razor snap imagery through an *mangy rich 5003:1 contrast robe. 
The TITAN Reference 1080p 3D roles on key tochnologcoi renovations such as DPI's 
.Nctsved0 sideboard The sideboard torte's a 'tired to DMD' high tandergth input. 
• 
introduces less than one tame of latency Al 3-chip 3D units also include DPI's 
rittFrame-  technology. a revolutionary combination ol hardware and firmware that 
user adiustments to vastly reduce the artifact: and image blur typcaty 3.150Ci. 
axed with rapidy mcmng display content. This is especially important when viewing 
:vatting events or any other lastmovng entertainment content Dual Flash Processing. 
an addnonal tenefe to DPI's 30 deploys. supports the display of SO Hz sources *Same 
rates. up to 12011a 
TITAN 3D models duke* the same lenses employed across the rest of DPI's TITAN and 
LIGHTNING product range. so optical accuracy a always ensured. AddtionalW. the 
Reference 1080p 30 includes OP's exceptional ColorMax-  and Xenon Color Mode 
calibration systems, ensuing deeply saturated. colcr.accurate rnagery which is simulta. 
neously true to rife and payterfuly rnmersive Compact. robustly bull and ultra-quiet tor 
its performance class. the TITAN Reference 1080p 30 is an unmatched solution tor elite 
hone cinemas and farnly made rooms. 
Key bellef II of the TITAN Reference 1080p 3D models include: 
• Hgh Oandmdth input >12011z active stereoxopic OVI with no need for frame 
doubling. This capabiity extends the dynamic range up to 16 bit For improved 
contrast and color gamut. 
• Dud Flash Processing' MCP, Enables cistritotion of 3D content via 60 Viz lomat: 
by providing the option to trame.double the signal withn the pcoieclor. When this 
option is selected. the input signal timing been processed and resized to map to 
the native resolution of tlx protector. will also be frame-clouded to 120 Hz, and the 
doe.bled fran-es Mattered. This produces imagery path the low Sicker characteristics 
of a native 120 Hz source. but AtthOUI the infostructise costs associated with 
cistribufing and switchng Utangh bandwidth signals. 
• Projear aectroncs which provide an interlace to dove an nItared transmitter to 
synchronize switching glasses von active displayed frames. The user can elect either 
to pass through an axioms sync pulse, or to use the reference generated internally 
by the projector. Adjustments we provided to accommodate the phase and dead 
time characteristics of afferent watching glasses. 
• FastFrarne-  technology, a revolutionary cornbnation of hardware and firmware that 
provides user adiustments to vastly reduce the attracts and image blur typically 
associated with rapidly moving dsplay content. 
• Win* video delay torn input to :aeon as low as 1 Frame. 
• Eight user.selectoble inputs. ncluding HOCP.correatiar4 DVI plus S0110.501. 
• Hgh bandwidth DVI inputs offer Sncle. Tenn. Dual a Dual Twin DVI connectivity 
• Up Iola Bit color for beesthlakng image reproduclon. 
• Ms ColorlAax-  calibration capabiltes ncluding enhanced seen-point color 
correction tor broader color space and precise color alignment. 
• CPIs Coon' ek-  engineering. delivers the hgtest lumen performance with the 10AVV. 
Power consumption. thermal (ON) and noise terel (NBA) output 
As MeV/wood !muses its product= Oats on creating a wide array of new 30 content. 
Dgilal Preecten intonations is pioneering the tectndogcal advances needed to delver 
it to discerning home cinema enthusiasts worldwide. The TITAN Reference 1080p 30 
represents DPI's decicson to that goal. 
INPUT CAPABILITIES 
Type 
Coniectar 
Ouanety 
Composite 
ONC 
S.Video 
4.pin mini DIN 
Component 
htenacecPSW del Y. CON. COI5o. S 
Mesa 
GrapNcs 
Progressive RGeProgressive Interfaced Hi del 
V, CriPr. CDyPe 
ROSIN (Progressive) 
it led& RGB 
Serial Pleat 
SCARDaDi (SMPTE 2591.092M) 
CM High bandwidth 
Dual man 
Dual sub 
Mad 
El sub (IS-pin) 
DVI 
BNC 
DVI 
DVI 
EFTA00730397
--- PAGE 2 ---
TITAN Reference 70510 3D 
DIGITAL ANIL 
AIM 
SW 
PROJECTION 
Projector 
Dimensions 
Protector cimcnixions 
LI 25.4 WI 21 4 HI 10 
Protector cimendone loin) 
L 1045 4 inn ssa 5 HI 253.5 
r 
m) 
ADVANCED TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 
• 
ct 
PARAMETERS 
Native Color Temperature 
HDTV Formats Supported 
Scan Rates Supposed 
Inputs 1-7: Horizontal: 15kHz to 100kHz / Vertical: 24Hz to 85Hz - Input 8: 3D progressive 576p up to 1080p @ 120Hz 
Remote Control 
Addressable IR remote control. wireless and wired with loop-through On board invariable keypad 
Automation Control 
LAN connection via RJ45 / RS232 9-pin 0 type 
OperatinglStorage Temperature 
Operating: 0 to 40'C I Storage: -10 to 50"C 
Operating Humidity 
to 80% non-condensing 
Thermal Dissipation 
2.777 BTU.ftir 
Fan Noise 
Less than 45dBA 
Power Requirements 
100.240 VAC c 10%. 50160Hz single phase 
Power Consumption 
910 watts maximum 
6500% =1000%; white balance-adjustment: 3030K to 10000% 
User selectable Xenon-We colonmetry using dynamic optical and electronic enhancement. 
1080 (50Hz. 60Hz). 1080p (24Hz. 25Hz. 30Hz. 50Hz. 60Hz). 1080 24sf. 720p (50. 60Hz). 4801. 416i. 
Projectors 
TITAN Reference 1080p 3D 
Lenses 
Part # 
109-324 
HB Part # 
Accessories 
350 Watt Lamp 8 Housing' (2 required) 
Raj:Hi:Air Frame 
TITAN 1080p 30 Series Adjustable Ceiling Mount 
Infrared Remote (Replacement) 
• Includes hdh performance replacement ar Marls/ 
Part # 
108-772 
107-956 
108-499 
105023 
0.67:1 
105-607 
1.12:1 
105.608 
posed 0, 4-0 Nzn.+Say OPLwabonal prole Verde and apcocallon crews, may moact 'KM& ,FF."F• 
See Cl9tal Rroleclicata Product Warranty Slaterntwl 
datare on kimp warranty 
1.12:1 (short) 
105.609 
indallswane recmring hC0.201.101or yerocal 011 lantmlattonn greater then 15 caveat; may ream0 the 
actual odarawanal nods co one on the two land. 
1.16-1.49:1 
109.236 
1.39 - 1.87:1 
105.610 
1.87 - 2.56:1 
105.611 
2.56 - 4.16:1 
105.612 
4.16 - 6.96:1 
105.613 
6.92-10.36:1 
109.235 
DUAL FLASH 
PROCESSING FratT colormAx 
DIGITAL PROJECTION. INC. • 55 CHASTASI ROAD. suns 115 KENNESAW. GA 30144 • T: 770.420.1350 • A 770.420.1980 • 
DIGITAL PROJECTION. LTD. • GRFENSiDE WAY. MOOLETON MANCHESTER. UK. M24 03( • 7:.44.101.947.3300 • F: •-••0.11311*•1.1614 • tway.dgkelpttOetbnAttmik 
DIGITAL PROJECTION. CuliNA • TOWER C. RM C1202, CM FU JM YUAN. NO. 19 MAO PING STREET. CHAOYANG DISTRCT BEIJING. PR CHINA 100101 • T% -80.10.50239771• 
410 10 58239770 
DIGITAL PROJECTION. ASIA • 10 NEW INDUSTRIAL ROAD. 402-10 HUDSON TECHNOCENTRE SINGAPORE 538204 • 1: .0.54284.1130 • F: -05.0284.1238 
EFTA00730398

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730399.pdf
----------------------------------------
CATTERTON partners 
599 West Putnam Avenue. Suite 200 
Greenwich. CT 06830 
vAwr.cpequity.com 
October 21, 2009 
Mr. Thomas Mottola 
Chairman and CEO 
Mottola Co. 
590 Madison Avenue. 21st floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Dear Tommy: 
On behalf of Catterton Partners ("Catterton") and the other members of the Board of 
Directors at O.N.E. (the "Company"), we thank you for taking the time to speak with 
each of us over the past couple weeks. 
We could not be more excited at the prospect of you joining our Board of Directors. We 
hope our discussions successfully conveyed the magnitude of the opportunity at O.N.E., 
and that you have a sense of the joint commitment of management, PBG and Catterton to 
realize the inherent potential of the Company. We firmly believe that, together, we will 
build upon the early success of the past two years and propel O.N.E. toward more rapid 
growth and into a leader in functional beverages. Accordingly, we have capitalized the 
Company to pursue broader distribution, line extensions into enhanced coconut waters, 
and a sustainable marketing and PR program. 
As you are aware, in addition to strategic guidance, Catterton and PBG take an active 
approach to create the value we identify in every investment we undertake. We believe 
this approach, combined with the strength of the executive team, and your assistance with 
marketing and international opportunities will provide powerful catalysts to drive 
extraordinary results at O.N.E. 
Accordingly, we would welcome your formal participation on O.N.E.'s Board of 
Directors. 
Tenure and Remuneration 
We envision an initial period of two years, renewable bi-annually for additional two year 
term(s), as agreed to by the parties. For the initial two year period, O.N.E. will 
compensate you in your capacity as a Board Member, as follows: 
• 
Reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, incurred with respect to 
travel and attendance for board meetings; plus 
• 
Incentive units equal to 0.50% of the Company's outstanding equity, as of the 
issuance date commensurate with the start of your term. 
EFTA00730399

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730400.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO DO LIST 
- 
FIX OFFICE BATHROOM LEAK & REPAINT THE WALL ( PICK COLORS ) 
- 
PAINT OVER THE POOL HOUSE DECORATION 
- 
REFINISH THE WOOD POOL HOUSE DOORS 
- 
REPLACE THE OUTDOOR CARPET ON THE BACK TERACE 
- STAIRS FROM MB TO THE NEW OFFICE - CLEAN 
- 
PEST CONTROL 
- NOISE IN #1 - SEAL DOORS AND WINDOWS 
- MOVE MASTER FURNITURE TO #1 
- BATHROOM #1 - SHOWER HIGHER + CHANGE SHOWER HEAD 
- 
FINISH ROOM #2 (FLOORING, PAINT, ELECTRICAL WIRING, 
BATHROOM SINK+TOILET, FURNITURE FROM #1) 
- 
FIX BLUE & WHITE OUTDOOR FLOOR 
- 
FURNISH THE FLAG POLE HOUSE ( WHITE FURNITURE, CANDLE 
SCONCES) 
- NEW MAC COMPUTERS ( THERE ARE 2 PCS NOW) 
- 
PROGRAM PHONES 
- 
SET UP OUTDOOR FURNITURE 
- CLEAN ALL UPHOLSTERY 
- CLEAN UP ALL NAP HOUSES 
- NEW BIG OFFICE - FURNITURE ? 
- LIST OF ALL VEHICLES 
FROM YOUR LIST 
- 
RESTAIN THE TIKI HUT 
- ROADS GRADED AND EDGED 
- 
RETUBE & RE ENGINE NANNA 
- 
FLAG POLE HOUSE - HARDSCAPE PLAN FROM ICAPLINGER 
- 
PUT B&W LINOLEUM FLOORING IN THE KITCHEN 
- DAVE CHRISTOPHER'S HOUSE - SARAH, CURTIS & SILVINA 
- RENT STT APARTMENTS 
- THROW OUT OLD WASHING MACHINE, RUGS.. 
- CABANA 
- MASTER BATH SCHEDULE ( CAPLINGER-MASTER PLAN, KEARNEY-
ESTIMATION & IMPLEMENTATION) 
- CAPLINGER MEET WITH MATT 
- JP COMES ON 06/17 - LAY OUT FURNITURE 
- BRICE & CURTIS - BILL ROWLES 
- BUY NEW ATVS 
- BRING HELICOPTER DOWN 
- 
SELL PB CARS 
- 
LARRY BID ON NEW MIDNIGHT EXPRESS + STATUS OF TAMPA CREW 
BOAT 
EFTA00730400
--- PAGE 2 ---
SHOPPING & SHIPPING 
- BUY MATTRESSESES (I KING + 4 TWIN) 
- TOWELS ( NEW IN NYC ) 
- 
REPLACE LSJ MATS 
- BEDDING 
- MAGAZINE SUBSCRIBTIONS ? 
- MEDS & FIRST AID 
- COSMETICS, BATH 
- CLOTHES & ROBES 
- 
SHIP SAFE FROM FSF 
- 
SHIP BIKES FROM PB 
- 
LARRY-BUY ELECTRIC PIANO 
- 
SHIP DVDS FROM PB 
TO BE CONTINUED... 
EFTA00730401

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730402.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO DO LIST 
- 
FIX OFFICE BATHROOM LEAK & REPAINT THE WALL ( PICK COLORS ) 
- 
PAINT OVER THE POOL HOUSE DECORATION 
- 
REFINISH THE WOOD POOL HOUSE DOORS 
- 
REPLACE THE OUTDOOR CARPET ON THE BACK TERACE - CAPLINGER 
IDEAS? 
- STAIRS FROM MB TO THE NEW OFFICE - CLEAN 
- 
EXTERMINATOR 
- NOISE IN TEMPORARY MASTER - SEAL DOORS AND WINDOWS 
- MOVE MASTER FURNITURE TO ROOM 3 
- 
SHOWER-ROOM 3 - BAD PRESSURE 
- BATHROOM #1 - SHOWER HIGHER + CHANGE SHOWER HEAD 
- 
FINISH ROOM #2 (FLOORING, PAINT, ELECTRICAL WIRING, 
BATHROOM SINK+TOILET, FURNITURE FROM #1) 
- BLUE & WHITE OUTDOOR FLOOR - CAPLINGER IDEAS? 
- 
FURNISH THE FLAG POLE HOUSE ( WHITE FURNITURE, CANDLE 
SCONCES) 
- NEW MAC COMPUTERS ( THERE ARE 2 PCS NOW) 
- 
PROGRAM PHONES 
- 
SET UP OUTDOOR FURNITURE 
- CLEAN ALL UPHOLSTERY 
- CLEAN UP ALL NAP HOUSES 
- LIST OF ALL VEHICLES 
- CLEAN ALL RUGS & GYM CARPET 
- TVS IN GUEST BEDROOMS ( AND MASTER? ) 
- CEMENT BENCHES? 
- 
INTERIOR OF INFO SHED 
- BASE OF BLUE NAP HOUSE- BUILD UP 
- HELI PAD-VISUAL BLOCK OF THE CONSTRUCTION AREA ( WOOD 
WALL TEMP., GREEN FICUS ...) 
- RUGS FROM COST-U-LESS TO BE CLEANED & USED AS OUTDOOR 
RUGS FOR TIKI HUT, HELI HOUSE OR FLAG POLE HOUSE 
- UPGRADE MOVIE PROJECTOR -SET UP TO BE ABLE TO DOWNLOAD 
MOVIES ONLINE & WATCH ON THE BIG SCREEN 
- 
INVENTORY OF CUSHIONS FOR OUTDOOR FURNITURE 
FROM JE'S LIST 
- 
RESTAIN THE TIKI HUT 
- ROADS GRADED AND EDGED 
- 
RETUBE & RE ENGINE NANNA 
- 
FLAG POLE HOUSE - HARDSCAPE PLAN FROM CAPLINGER 
- 
PUT B&W LINOLEUM FLOORING IN THE KITCHEN 
- DAVE CHRISTOPHER'S HOUSE 
- RENT STT APARTMENTS 
- THROW OUT OLD WASHING MACHINE 
- CABANA 
EFTA00730402
--- PAGE 2 ---
- MASTER BATH SCHEDULE ( CAPLINGER-MASTER PLAN, KEARNEY-
ESTIMATION & IMPLEMENTATION) 
- CAPLINGER MEET WITH MATT 
- JP COMES ON 06/17 - LAY OUT FURNITURE 
- BRICE & CURTIS - BILL ROWLES 
- BUY NEW ATVS 
- BRING HELICOPTER DOWN 
- 
SELL PB CARS 
- 
LARRY BID ON NEW MIDNIGHT EXPRESS + STATUS OF TAMPA CREW 
BOAT 
SHOPPING & SHIPPING 
- BUY MATTRESSESES (I KING + 4 TWIN — numbers not final) 
- TOWELS ( NEW IN NYC ) 
- 
REPLACE LSJ MATS 
- BEDDING 
- MEDS & FIRST AID 
- COSMETICS, BATH 
- CLOTHES & ROBES 
- 
SHIP SAFE FROM FSF 
- 
SHIP BIKES FROM PB 
- 
LARRY-BUY ELECTRIC PIANO 
- 
SHIP DVDS FROM PB 
- 
SHIP BOOKS FROM FSF 
- 
SHIP NEW RUGS FROM PB? 
TO BE CONTINUED... 
EFTA00730403

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730404.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO DO LIST 
- 
FIX OFFICE BATHROOM LEAK & REPAINT THE WALL ( PICK COLORS ) 
- 
PAINT OVER THE POOL HOUSE DECORATION 
- 
REFINISH THE WOOD POOL HOUSE DOORS 
- 
REPLACE THE OUTDOOR CARPET ON THE BACK TERACE - CAPLINGER 
IDEAS? 
- STAIRS FROM MB TO THE NEW OFFICE - CLEAN 
- 
EXTERMINATOR 
- NOISE IN TEMPORARY MASTER - SEAL DOORS AND WINDOWS 
- MOVE MASTER FURNITURE TO ROOM 3 
- 
SHOWER-ROOM 3 - BAD PRESSURE 
- BATHROOM #1 - SHOWER HIGHER + CHANGE SHOWER HEAD 
- 
FINISH ROOM #2 (FLOORING, PAINT, ELECTRICAL WIRING, 
BATHROOM SINK+TOILET, FURNITURE FROM #1) 
- BLUE & WHITE OUTDOOR FLOOR - CAPLINGER IDEAS? 
- 
FURNISH THE FLAG POLE HOUSE ( WHITE FURNITURE, CANDLE 
SCONCES) 
- NEW MAC COMPUTERS ( THERE ARE 2 PCS NOW) 
- 
PROGRAM PHONES 
- 
SET UP OUTDOOR FURNITURE 
- CLEAN ALL UPHOLSTERY 
- CLEAN UP ALL NAP HOUSES 
- LIST OF ALL VEHICLES 
- CLEAN ALL RUGS & GYM CARPET 
- TVS IN GUEST BEDROOMS ( AND MASTER? ) 
- CEMENT BENCHES? 
- 
INTERIOR OF INFO SHED 
- BASE OF BLUE NAP HOUSE- BUILD UP 
- HELI PAD-VISUAL BLOCK OF THE CONSTRUCTION AREA ( WOOD 
WALL TEMP., GREEN FICUS ...) 
- RUGS FROM COST-U-LESS TO BE CLEANED & USED AS OUTDOOR 
RUGS FOR TIKI HUT, HELI HOUSE OR FLAG POLE HOUSE 
- UPGRADE MOVIE PROJECTOR -SET UP TO BE ABLE TO DOWNLOAD 
MOVIES ONLINE & WATCH ON THE BIG SCREEN 
- 
INVENTORY OF CUSHIONS FOR OUTDOOR FURNITURE 
FROM JE'S LIST 
- 
RESTAIN THE TIKI HUT 
- ROADS GRADED AND EDGED 
- 
RETUBE & RE ENGINE NANNA 
- 
FLAG POLE HOUSE - HARDSCAPE PLAN FROM CAPLINGER 
- 
PUT B&W LINOLEUM FLOORING IN THE KITCHEN 
- DAVE CHRISTOPHER'S HOUSE 
- RENT STT APARTMENTS 
- THROW OUT OLD WASHING MACHINE 
- CABANA 
EFTA00730404
--- PAGE 2 ---
- MASTER BATH SCHEDULE ( CAPLINGER-MASTER PLAN, KEARNEY-
ESTIMATION & IMPLEMENTATION) 
- CAPLINGER MEET WITH MATT 
- JP COMES ON 06/17 - LAY OUT FURNITURE 
- BRICE & CURTIS - BILL ROWLES 
- BUY NEW ATVS 
- BRING HELICOPTER DOWN 
- 
SELL PB CARS 
- 
LARRY BID ON NEW MIDNIGHT EXPRESS + STATUS OF TAMPA CREW 
BOAT 
SHOPPING & SHIPPING 
- BUY MATTRESSESES (I KING + 4 TWIN — numbers not final) 
- TOWELS ( NEW IN NYC ) 
- 
REPLACE LSJ MATS 
- BEDDING 
- MEDS & FIRST AID 
- COSMETICS, BATH 
- CLOTHES & ROBES 
- 
SHIP SAFE FROM FSF 
- 
SHIP BIKES FROM PB 
- 
LARRY-BUY ELECTRIC PIANO 
- 
SHIP DVDS FROM PB 
- 
SHIP BOOKS FROM FSF 
- 
SHIP NEW RUGS FROM PB? 
TO BE CONTINUED... 
EFTA00730405

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730406.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730406.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO DO LIST 
FIX OFFICE BATHROOM LEAK & REPAINT THE WALL ( PICK COLORS ) 
PAINT OVER THE POOL HOUSE DECORATION 
REFINISH THE WOOD POOL HOUSE DOORS 
REPLACE THE OUTDOOR CARPET ON THE BACK TERACE - CAPLINGER 
IDEAS? 
STAIRS FROM MB TO THE NEW OFFICE - CLEAN 
EXTERMINATOR 
NOISE IN TEMPORARY MASTER - SEAL DOORS AND WINDOWS 
MOVE MASTER FURNITURE TO ROOM 3 
SHOWER-ROOM 3 - BAD PRESSURE 
BATHROOM #1 - SHOWER HIGHER + CHANGE SHOWER HEAD 
FINISH ROOM #2 (FLOORING, PAINT, ELECTRICAL WIRING, 
BATHROOM SINK+TOILET, FURNITURE FROM #1) 
BLUE & WHITE OUTDOOR FLOOR - CAPLINGER IDEAS? 
FURNISH THE FLAG POLE HOUSE ( WHITE FURNITURE, CANDLE 
SCONCES) 
NEW MAC COMPUTERS ( THERE ARE 2 PCS NOW) 
PROGRAM PHONES 
SET UP OUTDOOR FURNITURE 
CLEAN ALL UPHOLSTERY 
CLEAN UP ALL NAP HOUSES 
LIST OF ALL VEHICLES 
CLEAN ALL RUGS & GYM CARPET 
TVS IN GUEST BEDROOMS ( AND MASTER? ) 
CEMENT BENCHES? 
INTERIOR OF INFO SHED 
BASE OF BLUE NAP HOUSE- BUILD UP 
HELI PAD-VISUAL BLOCK OF THE CONSTRUCTION AREA ( WOOD 
WALL TEMP., GREEN FICUS ...) 
RUGS FROM COST-U-LESS TO BE CLEANED & USED AS OUTDOOR 
RUGS FOR TIKI HUT, HELI HOUSE OR FLAG POLE HOUSE 
UPGRADE MOVIE PROJECTOR -SET UP TO BE ABLE TO DOWNLOAD 
MOVIES ONLINE & WATCH ON THE BIG SCREEN 
BEACH OFFICE 
GYM OFFICE, EQUIPMENT ? 
- 'SPA ROOM - WHERE ? 
FROM JE'S LIST 
- 
RESTAIN THE TIKI HUT 
- 
ROADS GRADED AND EDGED 
- 
RETUBE & RE ENGINE NANNA 
- 
FLAG POLE HOUSE - HARDSCAPE PLAN FROM CAPLINGER 
- 
PUT B&W LINOLEUM FLOORING IN THE KITCHEN 
- 
DAVE CHRISTOPHER'S HOUSE 
- 
RENT STT APARTMENTS 
- THROW OUT OLD WASHING MACHINE 
EFTA00730406
--- PAGE 2 ---
- CABANA 
- 
MASTER BATH SCHEDULE ( CAPLINGER-MASTER PLAN, KEARNEY-
ESTIMATION & IMPLEMENTATION) 
- CAPLINGER MEET WITH MATT 
- JP COMES ON 06/17 - LAY OUT FURNITURE 
- 
BRICE & CURTIS - BILL ROWLES 
- 
BUY NEW ATVS 
- 
BRING HELICOPTER DOWN 
- 
SELL PB CARS 
- 
LARRY BID ON NEW MIDNIGHT EXPRESS + STATUS OF TAMPA CREW 
BOAT 
SHOPPING & SHIPPING 
- 
BUY MATTRESSESES (I KING + 4 TWIN — numbers not final) 
- TOWELS ( NEW IN NYC ) 
- 
REPLACE LSJ MATS 
- 
BEDDING 
- 
MEDS & FIRST AID 
- COSMETICS, BATH 
- CLOTHES & ROBES 
- 
SHIP SAFE FROM FSF 
- 
SHIP BIKES FROM PB 
- 
LARRY-BUY ELECTRIC PIANO 
- 
SHIP DVDS FROM PB 
- 
SHIP BOOKS FROM FSF 
- 
SHIP NEW RUGS FROM PB? 
- 
MORE OUTDOOR FURNITURE 
TO BE CONTINUED... 
EFTA00730407

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730408.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN 
THE 
CIRCUIT 
COURT 
OF 
THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR 
PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
B.B., 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, . 
Defendant. 
CASE NO. 502008CA037319XXXXMB AB 
NON-PARTY TOWN OF PALM BEACH POLICE OFFICERS' OPPOSITION TO 
EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO COMPEL AND 
MEMORANDUM IN SUPPORT OF 
MOTION TO QUASH AND/OR FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
Non-parties, former Town of Palm Beach Chief of Police Michael Reiter, Captain 
George Frick, Detective Joseph Recarey, Detective Michael Dawson, Detective 
Michelle Pagan (collectively "Town Police Officers"), submit this memorandum in 
opposition to Defendant Epstein's Motion to Compel Town of Palm Beach Records 
Custodian's and Police Officers to Produce Records Sought Pursuant to Defendant's 
Subpoenas Duces Tecum ("Epstein's Motion to Compel") and in support of their Motion 
to Quash Subpoenas and/or for Protective Order ("Motion for Protective Order") and 
state the following in support: 
SUMMARY OF ARGUMENT 
Epstein's Motion to Compel fails to identify any discoverable evidence that is 
likely to result from production of the cell phone records of the Town Police Officers. 
These records will show nothing more than the time a call was made and the telephone 
numbers associated with the maker and recipient of the call. Based on questioning at 
OA° 
f2
c i; 1% 
EFTA00730408
--- PAGE 2 ---
the depositions of Chief Reiter and Detective Recarey, counsel for Epstein presumably 
seeks information regarding any telephone calls to the minor victims of sexual offenses 
investigated by the Town Police Officers as well as any calls made to other law 
enforcement personnel or to the state or federal attorneys during the Epstein 
investigation. 
The telephone numbers of all of these individuals are exempt from 
disclosure under Florida's Public Records Law. Mr. Epstein has failed to make any 
showing of "exceptional necessity" or "extraordinary circumstances' to warrant their 
disclosure here. Even if he had, the Court should protect the Town Police Officers from 
this improper fishing expedition, which threatens the disclosure of not only purely 
personal information in which the officers have a reasonable expectation of privacy, but 
records reflecting active law enforcement investigations and confidential informants the 
disclosure of which could jeopardize the Town's ability to protect its citizens. There is 
no adequate way to protect against the disclosure of such highly prejudicial information. 
BACKGROUND 
A. 
The Town's Investigation: March 2005 to May 2006 
By this and related suits,' an alleged minor victim of lewd ads and/or prostitution 
has filed a civil suit against Mr. Epstein for sexual battery and intentional infliction of 
emotional distress. Mr. Epstein was the subject of an investigation by the Town of Palm 
Beach Police Department in 2005 and 2006. Although an initial, unverified report had 
been received by the Town Police Department regarding Mr. Epstein on November 28, 
A number of related cases are pending against Mr. Epstein in Florida state and federal courts. In May 
2009, the related federal court cases were consolidated before Judge Kenneth Marra for discovery and 
procedural purposes. Judge Marra directed that witnesses common to the multiple cases would be 
deposed only once. Undersigned counsel understands from conversations with counsel for Mr. Epstein 
and the Plaintiff in this case that counsel in the related state court actions have acted in accordance with 
Judge Marra's order to depose witnesses common to the state and federal cases only once. 
EFTA00730409
--- PAGE 3 ---
2004, the investigation at issue did not begin until March 14, 2005 when a report was 
received by Officer Michele Pagan. Detective Joseph Recarey took over the Epstein 
investigation from Officer Pagan in September 2005. 
The investigation ultimately resulted in the issuance of a Probable Cause 
Affidavit for Mr. Epstein and others in May 2006 and a state grand jury indictment of Mr. 
Epstein in July 2006. Following the issuance of the Probable Cause Affidavits, the 
Town's investigation ceased and the matter was referred to the appropriate state and 
federal law enforcement authorities. 
B. 
Cellular Telephone Records 
Pursuant to a federal subpoena, the Town Police Department turned over its 
entire case file to the federal government on or about August 28, 2006. It has produced 
to the parties in this case those documents it still maintains relative to the Epstein 
investigation, including a significant number of e-mails between law enforcement 
personnel assigned to the case, with the exception of cell phone records of the Town 
Police Officers. Epstein's request for such records broadly asks the Town Police 
Officers to produce: 
15. 
All cell phone records, both official cell phone and personal cell 
phone, used by you between during [sic] the following time periods: 
a. January 1, 2004 - December 31, 2004 
b. January 1, 2005 — December 31, 2005 
c. January 1, 2006 — December 31, 2006 
d. January 1, 2007 — December 31, 2007 
e. January 1, 2008 — December 31, 2008 
1. January 1, 2009 — today's date. 
Detective Recarey is currently employed as a Town police detective, as are 
Captain Frick, Detective Pagan and Detective Dawson. Chief Reiter is a retired Town 
chief of police. 
EFTA00730410
--- PAGE 4 ---
Chief Reiter and Detective Recarey, the only Town Police Officers deposed in 
the civil suits, have testified that they do not possess any of the cell phone records 
sought by Epstein because it is their practice to destroy their monthly bills shortly after 
receipt and/or payment. Detective Recarey testified that there was a short period of 
time during the Epstein investigation when he had two cell phones. This overlap 
occurred because the Town Police Department had begun to offer a stipend for cell 
phone service with another provider, which he took advantage of, while he had a few 
months remaining on his original cell phone. 
Detective Recarey has never received an itemized bill from either of his cell 
phone carriers that would reflect specific calls made or received. After contacting ATT 
and Sprint/Nextel regarding the possibility of obtaining records from during the 2005 
Epstein investigation, Detective Recarey was advised by AT&T that it could reprint calls 
made or received in 2005 whereas Sprint/Nextel can only offer a non-itemized bill 
reprint. 
Chief Reiter could not recall any specific phone calls related to the Epstein 
investigation that he may have made with his personal cell phone. (Reiter at 222). 
Detective Recarey testified that he may have given the victims in the Epstein 
investigation one of his cell phone numbers. 
EFTA00730411
--- PAGE 5 ---
LEGAL ARGUMENT 
A. 
The Requests are Impermissibly Overbroad and Not Likely to Lead to 
Discoverable Evidence 
The requests for all official and personal cell phone records over a five-year 
period, from January 1, 2004 to the present, not limited in any way to matters involving 
the Epstein investigation, are impermissibly overbroad and not likely to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence. 
Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.280(c) allows a person from whom discovery is 
sought to move for an order to protect that person from annoyance, oppression or 
undue burden by directing "(1) that the discovery not be had; (2) that the discovery may 
be had only on specified terms and conditions .... that certain matters not be inquired 
into, or that the scope of the discovery be limited to certain matters....." 
Rule 
1.280(b)(1) provides that parties "may obtain discovery regarding any matter, not 
privileged, that is relevant to the subject matter of the pending action. . . ." As federal 
courts have observed in construing identical language under the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure, "requested information is not relevant to 'subject matter involved' in the 
pending action if the inquiry is based on the party's mere suspicion or speculation." 
Micro Motion. Inc. v. Kane Steel Co., Inc. 894 F.2d 1318, 1325-26 (Fed. Cir. 1990).3
"A trial court has authority to prevent discovery which it believes is a mere fishing 
expedition calculated for harassment? Suoarmill Woods Civic Association, Inc. v. 
Southern States Utilities 687 So. 2d 1346, 1351 (Fla. 1st DCA 1997). Where it has 
been affirmatively established that the discovery sought is neither relevant nor will lead 
Florida courts look to the federal rules and decisions for guidance in interpreting Florida's civil 
procedure rules" so as to harmonize the Florida and federal rules. Gleneagle Ship Mgmt. v. Leondakos 
602 So.2d 1282, 1283-84 (Fla. 1992). 
EFTA00730412
--- PAGE 6 ---
to the discovery of relevant information, a trial court has discretion to deny the irrelevant 
discovery. Allstate Insurance Company v. Langston, 655 So. 2d 91, 95 (Fla. 1995); 
Residence Inn by Marriott v. Cecile Resort, Ltd., 822 So. 2d 548, 550 (Fla. 5th DCA 
2002) (agreeing that carte blanche discovery of material is impermissible and noting 
that the record was insufficient regarding the relevancy of the requested documents). 
Mr. Epstein has not and cannot identify any relevant information the discovery of 
which is likely to result from the production of their personal cell phone records for the 
past five years. The Court should exercise its discretion to protect these non-parties 
from these harassing requests. 
B. 
The Town Police Officers' Cell Phone Records Contain Information Exempt 
under Florida's Public Records Law 
To the extent that any of the cell phone records sought by Mr. Epstein contain any 
information related to the Epstein investigation, those documents are exempt from 
disclosure under the Public Records Law. Specifically, Mr. Epstein's requests seek 
statutorily protected information regarding the law enforcement officers who made the 
calls and the recipients of those calls including, but not limited, to their own family 
members and crime victims. These records may also reflect calls with confidential 
informants and/or relating to active criminal investigations. 
1. 
Telephone Numbers of Law Enforcement Personnel and their Spouses 
are Exempt. 
The Public Records Law, Section 119.071, protects the disclosure of personal 
information regarding its police officers and their families as well as personal information 
for crime victims, including minor victims and victims of sexual offenses. Fla. Stat. 
§119.071(4)(d)1.a ("The home addresses, telephone numbers, social security numbers 
and photographs of active or former law enforcement personnel ... are exempt ..."). 
EFTA00730413
--- PAGE 7 ---
Along with the places of employment, the same information is protected relative to the 
spouses and children of such law enforcement personnel. See id. Telephone numbers 
of current of former state attorneys, assistant state attorneys, statewide prosecutors or 
assistant statewide prosecutors are also protected. See id. §119.071(4)(d)1.d. 
2. 
Identifying Information. Including Telephone Numbers of Minor Victims of 
Sexual Offenses and Crime Victims, are Exempt. 
The Public Records Law also exempts from disclosure any and all documents 
that reveal the identity, including the home or employment telephone number, of a 
victim of a sexual offense. In this way, the law carefully protects criminal intelligence 
and investigative information regarding minor victims of sexual offenses under Florida 
Statutes Chapter 794 and/or 800 sought by the Epstein duces tecum. Fla. Stat. § 
119.071(2)0) (excepting from disclosure any document that reveals the identity, home 
or employment telephone number, home or employment address, or personal assets of 
the victim of a crime, including the crime of sexual battery, and identifies that person as 
the victim of a crime); Fla. Stat. § 119.071(2)(h)1.b (excepting any information which 
may reveal the identity of a person who is a victim of a sexual offense, including a 
sexual offense proscribed in Chapters 794 and 800). 
C. 
Epstein Has Made 
No Showing of "Exceptional Necessity" or 
"Extraordinary Circumstances" to Warrant Disclosure of Otherwise Exempt 
Public Records 
The Town Police Officers concede that a documents' exemption from disclosure 
under the Public Records Act does not render it automatically privileged for purposes of 
civil discovery. However, material that is exempt from disclosure under Chapter 119 is 
discoverable only upon a showing of "exceptional necessity" or "extraordinary 
EFTA00730414
--- PAGE 8 ---
circumstances." 
Henderson v. Perez 835 So. 2d 390, 392 (Fla. 2d DCA 2003). 
Epstein has made no such showing here. 
In Henderson for example, the Court found that plaintiff failed to make a showing 
of exceptional necessity or extraordinary circumstances sufficient to require the 
Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office to produce information including the home 
addresses and photographs of ten of its active law enforcement officers during 
discovery in a civil action. 835 So. 2d at 391-92 (citing Dep't of Hwv. Safety & Motor 
Vehicles v. Krejci Co. 570 So. 2d 1322 (Fla. 2d DCA 1990)). The Court rejected 
plaintiffs arguments that without the addresses and photographs he would be unable to 
effectively investigate them and attack their credibility should they be witnesses at the 
trial, or to prove any of his claims or rebut any defenses. See id. Compare Crews v. 
Hensley 2006 WL 1679596, *2 (M.D. Fla. June 13, 2006) (finding exceptional 
circumstances and compelling interest in identifying 911 phone callers related to fatal 
car accident where parties had been unable to find any witnesses, despite their best 
efforts); Allen v. Miami, 2003 WL 23312748, *3 (S.D. Fla. Nov. 14, 2003) (finding 
exceptional necessity or extraordinary circumstances warranting court order requiring 
disclosure of exempt information regarding defendant police officers address, date of 
birth and social security number where service of process could not be cc •pleted 
because search by private investigator produced 21 persons with defendant's name). 
As in Henderson 
there is no "exceptional necessity" or "extraordinary 
circumstances" that would justify the disclosure of the cell phone records containing 
otherwise exempt telephone numbers of the Town's active and former law enforcement 
officers and minor victims of sexual offenses. Detective Recarey and Chief Reiter 
EFTA00730415
--- PAGE 9 ---
testified to the best of their recollection as to any telephone calls or other 
communications that they may had with other law enforcement personnel, victims, 
witnesses and third parties related to the Epstein investigation. 
Unlike Crews the 
witnesses and victims in this case are the plaintiffs who can likewise be questioned 
regarding any conversations they may have had with law enforcement personnel. It will 
be nearly impossible to determine which calls, if any, relate in any way to the Epstein 
investigation. Moreover, there is no practical way to prevent the disclosure of exempted 
information under the circumstances, by protective order or otherwise. Gannett N.J. 
Partners v. Ctv. of Middlesex 877 A.2d 330 (N.J. Super. Ct. App. Div. 2005) (finding 
news organization not entitled to disclosure of the telephone billing records of county 
officials under the state's open public records act, observing that public officials and 
persons they talk to have a right to confidentiality, public records act excepted from 
"public records° the "unlisted telephone number" of any person and there was no 
practical way to prevent disclosure of such numbers, and voluminous request for 12 
months worth of records would disrupt agency operations). The Court should not risk 
the disclosure of exempt law enforcement and victim information on these facts.2
CONCLUSION 
In sum, the Town of Palm Beach Police Officers respectfully request that the 
Court enter an Order pursuant to Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.280(c) and the Public 
Records Law denying Epstein's Motion to Compel, quashing the subpoenas duces 
Should the Court be inclined to uphold the subpoena and direct any of the Town Police Officers to 
produce any part of their cell phone records, it is respectfully requested that such records be produced 
only pursuant to a confidentiality order that restricts disclosure of the information in this case to the parties 
and those witnesses and third parties necessary to the litigation of the case. 
EFTA00730416
--- PAGE 10 ---
tecum to the extent that they seek cell phone records and granting the Town of Palm 
Beach Police Officers all other relief deemed just and proper under the circumstances. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing instrument has been 
furnished by facsimile and United States mail to Theodore J. Leopold, Esquire and 
Spencer T. Kevin, Esquire, Leopold-Kuvin, P.A., 2925 PGA Boulevard, Suite 200, 
Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 
33410; Jack Alan Goldberger, Esquire, Atterbury 
Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, 
Florida 33401-5012; and Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esquire, Burman, Critton, Luther & 
Coleman, LLP, 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401, 
this 10th day of May, 2010. 
JONES, FOSTER, JOHNSTON & STUBBS, P.A. 
505 South Flagler Drive, Suite 1100 
Post Office Box 3475 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33402-3475 
Telephone: 561-659-3000 
Facsimile 561-650-0465 
By 
PADOCS11315610031SPLCA17Z6782.DOC 
hn C. Randolph 
Florida Bar No. 129000 
'ranc
j_Sa 
Joanne M. O'Connor 
Florida Bar No. 498807 
EFTA00730417

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730418.pdf
----------------------------------------
BEFORE THE JUDICIAL PANEL 
ON MULTIDISTRICT LITIGATION 
IN RE: THE BEAR STEARNS COMPANIES 
INC., SECURITIES, DERIVATIVE AND 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME 
SECURITY ACT (ERISA) LITIGATION 
MDL DOCKET NO. 1963 
RULE 7.5 NOTICE OF POTENTIAL TAG-ALONG ACTION 
TO THE CLERK OF THE PANEL: 
Pursuant to Rule 7.5(e) of the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation 
(the "Panel") Rules of Procedure, The Bear Steams Companies LLC (61c/a The Bear 
Stearns Companies Inc.) ("Bear Steams") hereby notifies the Clerk of the Panel of the 
following potential tag-along action in which Bear Stearns has been named: 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. v. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc., 
09-cv-00106 
This action is pending in the United States District Court for the District of the Virgin 
Islands (St. Thomas Division) and has been assigned to the Honorable Curtis V. Gomez. 
A true and correct copy of the docket and plaintiff's complaint filed in this action is 
attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
EFTA00730418
--- PAGE 2 ---
Financial Trust Company shares common questions of fact with the 
related consolidated actions pending in the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of New York before the Honorable Robert W. Sweet pursuant to the Panel's 
August 18, 2008 Order in In Re: The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. Securities, Derivative 
and Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) Litigation, MDL-1963. 
Dated: December 3, 2009 
New York, New York 
Respectfully submitted, 
PAp., 
Brad S. Karp 
Eric S. Goldstein 
E 
, RIFKIND, WHARTON & GARRISON LLP 
1285 Avenue of the Americas 
New Yor NY 10019-6064 
Attorneys for The Bear Stearns Companies LLC 
EFTA00730419
--- PAGE 3 ---
EXHIBIT A 
EFTA00730420
--- PAGE 4 ---
District Court Release v3.2.1 - LIVE 
Page 1 of 1 
District Court of the Virgin Islands 
District of the Virgin Islands (St. Thomas Division) 
CIVIL DOCKET FOR CASE #: 3:09-cv-00106-CVG-GWB 
Financial Trust Company, Inc v. The Bear Steams 
Companies Inc. 
Assigned to: Chief Judge Curtis V Gomez 
Referred to: US Magistrate Judge Geoffrey W. Barnard 
Cause: 28:1332 Diversity-Personal Injury 
Plaintiff 
Financial Trust Company, Inc 
V. 
Defendant 
The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Date Filed: 08/05/2009 
Jury Demand: Plaintiff 
Nature of Suit: 360 P.I.: Other 
Jurisdiction: Diversity 
represented by John K Dema 
Law Offices of John K. Dema, • 
1236 Strand Street, Suite 103 
' 
-5008 
Email: 
LEAD ATTORNEY 
ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED 
Date Filed 
# Docket Text 
08/05/2009 
COMPLAINT (Verified) against all defendants filed by Financial Trust 
Company, Inc. (Attachments: # 1 Civil Cover Sheet) (Dema, John) (Entered: 
08/05/2009) 
08/06/2009 
Filing fee: $ 50.00, receipt number 300000072 (CBF) (Entered: 08/06/2009) 
PACER Service Center 
Transaction Receipt 
12/03/2009 12:13:40 
PACER 
Login: 
pw0001 
Client Code: 
008330-00205-05138 
Description: 
Docket 
Report 
Search 
Criteria: 
3:09-cv-001045-CVG-
GWB 
Billable Pages: 1 
Cost: 
0.08 
https://ecf.vid.uscourts.gov/cgi-bin/DktRpt.pl?119173825386176-L 961_0-1 
12/3/2009 
EFTA00730421
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 1 of 19 
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC., 
Plaintiff, 
) 
) 
) 
) 
vs. 
) ) 
) 
THE BEAR STEARNS COMPANIES INC 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
CIVIL NO. 2009/106 
ACTION FOR DAMAGES 
IURY TRIAL DEMANDED 
VERIFIED COMPLAINT 
COMES NOW the Plaintiff, Financial Trust Company, Inc. ("Financial Trust"), by 
and through its undersigned counsel, and for its Verified Complaint against Defendant 
The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. ("Bear Steams"), alleges as follows: 
1. 
Financial Trust was at all relevant times herein a corporation incorporated 
under the laws of the Virgin Islands with its principal place of business in the Virgin 
Islands. 
2. 
Bear Stearns was at alt relevant times herein a Delaware corporation with 
its principal place of business in the State of New York. On June 2, 2008, JP Morgan 
Chase & Co. ("JP Morgan") completed its acquisition of Bear Steams making Bear 
Stearns a wholly owned subsidiary of JP Morgan. 
3. 
This Court has subject matter jurisdiction over this action pursuant to 28 
U.S.C. Section 1332(a) based on diversity of citizenship and because the amount in 
controversy exceeds 875,000.00, exclusive of interest and costs. 
EFTA00730422
--- PAGE 6 ---
- Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 2 of 19
Financial Trust Company, Int. us. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 2 
4. 
Venue is proper in this District under 28 U.S.C. Section 1391 because a 
substantial part of the acts and omissions giving rise to the Verified Complaint were 
committed or occurred in this District. 
5, 
Financial Trust was at all relevant times herein engaged in the business of 
providing financial and business consulting services, and in connection therewith, 
makes investments in securities and other investments, which it reasonably expects to 
be profitable and appropriate. 
6. 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), a Virgin Islands resident was at all relevant 
times herein the president, a director, and the sole shareholder of Financial Trust. 
Epstein has had a relationship with Bear Stearns beginning in 1976. Since 1981, Epstein 
has conducted hundreds of millions of dollars in transactions with Bear Stearns for his 
own, as well as his clients, accounts and he conducted this business with the senior 
management of Bear Stearns 
7. 
At or about the time of the events in question, Financial Trust owned and 
held 120,000 shares of Bear Stearns stock in a brokerage account maintained at Merrill 
Lynch, Account No. 5AX-070C0 (the "Merrill Lynch Account"). 
8. 
Epstein was at all relevant times herein the principal of Financial Trust 
with sole responsibility for the initial investment analysis, purchase decisions, ongoing 
financial analysis and sale decisions relating to Bear Stearns stock. 
9. 
James Cayne ("Cayne") was the Chief Executive Officer of Bear Stearns 
from 1993 until January 2008 and Chairman of the Board from 2001 until Bear Steams' 
collapse in March, 2008. 
I0. 
Warren Spector ("Spector") was Co-President and Co-Chief Operating 
Officer of Bear Stearns from 2001 until August 2007. Spector was forced to resign these 
EFTA00730423
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 • Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 3 of 19 
• 
Firm:trial Trust Company, Inc. us. The Bear Steams Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
rage 3 
positions in August 2007, but remained Senior Managing Director of Bear Stearns until 
December 28, 2007. 
11. 
Samuel Molinaro ("Molinaro") was Chief Financial Officer of Bear Stearns 
at all relevant times herein. He became CFO in October 1996. He became Executive Vice 
President of Bear Stearns in December 2001 and Chief Operating Officer in August 2007. 
12. 
Alan Schwartz ("Schwartz") became Co-President and Co-COO of Bear 
Stearns on June 25, 2001. He was named the President of Bear Steams on August 5, 2007 
and became the Chief Executive Officer on January 9, 2008. 
13. 
Alan Greenberg ("Greenberg") was a director of Bear Stearns at all 
relevant times herein. He was Chairman of the Board from 1985 to 2001, CEO from 1978 
to 1993 and served as Chairman of the Executive Committee at the time of Bear Steams' 
collapse in March 2008. 
14. 
The actions and omissions by all of Bear Stearns' agents and employees 
and the knowledge of all of Bear Stearns' agents and employees are imputed to Bear 
Stearns under the doctrine of respondeat superior. 
15. 
Bear Stearns and its agents fraudulently overstated the value of Bear 
Stearns' mortgages, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities and other derivative 
financial instruments, the adequacy of its liquidity and capital reserves, and the quality 
of Bear Stearns' risk management with the intent of inducing Financial Trust to retain 
the shares of Bear Steams held in the Merrill Lynch Account, which Financial Trust did 
until Bear Stearns' collapse in March 2008. 
16. 
Bear Stearns sought to induce Financial Trust to retain its Bear Stearns 
stock because, among other reasons, Bear Stearns knew that other large investors would 
view Financial Trust's sale of a significant block of shares of Bear Stearns stock as a loss 
EFTA00730424
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 4 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Mt. vs. The Rear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 4 
of confidence in Bear Stearns by a company owned and managed by a person seen by 
such large investors as dose to the firm. This would undermine confidence in Bear 
Stearns' management at a critical time when Bear Steams' liquidity and Bear Stearns' 
valuation of its assets were being investigated by the press, including Landon Thomas 
at the New York Times, following the collapse of two Bear Stearns hedge funds, the 
Bear Stearns High-Grade Structured Credit Strategies Fund ("the "High-Grade Fund") 
and the Bear Stearns High-Grade Structured Credit Strategies Leverage Fund ("the 
Enhanced Fund") (collectively "the Hedge Funds"), in the summer of 2007. 
17. 
Because Financial Trust was a major, long-time investor in Bear Stearns, 
Epstein regularly communicated directly with the most senior management of Bear 
Stearns. 
18. 
Bear Stearns knew that Financial Trust would not retain shares of Bear 
Stearns stock if Bear Stearns accurately, honestly and completely described Bear 
Stearns' true fmandal condition and the failed processes of Bear Steams' risk 
management in the area of mortgage-backed securities. For example, Bear Stearns knew 
that if Financial Trust and Epstein concluded that Bear Stearns' capital base was 
materially overstated due to Bear Stearns' failure to properly mark to market its assets 
(failure to value securities at fair market value), and that Bear Stearns' liquidity and 
capital reserves were insufficient, Financial Trust would sell its shares of Bear Stearns 
stock. 
19. 
The late disclosure of the true value of Bear Stearns assets and the 
insufficiency of Bear Steams' liquidity and capital reserves resulted in Bear Stearns' 
ultimate collapse and the precipitous decline of Bear Steams stock price, thereby 
injuring Financial Trust. On-Monday, March 17, 2008, Bear Steams shares fell to as low 
EFTA00730425
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 5 of 19 
Financial That Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 5 
as $2.84 per share following the announcement by JP Morgan that it had reached an 
agreement to purchase Bear Stearns for $2.00 per share. Bear Stearns was successful in 
untruthfully manipulating Financial Trust to retain its shares until it collapsed in 
March, 2008. 
20. 
Financial Trust sold 20,000 Bear Stearns shares, held in the Merrill Lynch 
Account, on or about March 14, 2008 for a severely reduced price of $34.9876 per share, 
and sold I00,000 shares held in the Merrill Lynch Account, on or about March 17, 2008 
for the sacrifice price of $3.4095 per share. 
21. 
Bear Steams' false and misleading material misrepresentations and 
omissions, in oral conversations and meetings which Epstein had with the highest 
levels of Bear Stearns' senior management and in SEC filings and Bear Stearns' investor 
conference video presentations and press releases which Epstein read, viewed, and 
relied upon, caused Financial Trust substantial losses. Financial Trust was injured by 
Bear Stearns' misrepresentations and omissions that fraudulently and negligently 
overstated the value of Bear Stearns' assets and therefore its capital base and concealed 
Bear Steams' liquidity problems and insufficient capital reserves and its vulnerability to 
market circumstances. When these facts were disclosed, the value of Bear Steams stock 
fell drastically, resulting in injury to Financial Trust. 
22. 
Bear Stearns' capital base as affected by its retained mortgages, mortgage-
backed and asset-backed securities and its ability to "repo" its securities (short term or 
overnight borrowings secured by various assets on the balance sheet) was critical to 
Epstein's evaluation when Bear Steams experienced difficulties with its future revenue 
stream beginning in 2006. 
EFTA00730426
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 6 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 6 
23. 
In conducting ongoing financial analysis of the company, Epstein relied 
on Bear Stearns' publicly filed financial statements, as well as personal discussions with 
Bear Steams' senior management, including Cayne and Greenberg, concerning, without 
limitation, Bear Stearns' liquidity and capital reserves, accounting policies and 
valuation procedures. 
24. 
Bear Steams had a capital base consisting of a concentration of assets in 
mortgages and mortgage-backed securities. Mortgages, mortgage-backed and other 
asset-backed securities and other derivative financial instruments held by Bear Stearns 
were a major slice of the Bear Stearns capital base pie: 
According to its 2004 10-K, Bear Stearns reported that it held $27.679 
billion in mortgages, mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and 
$12.711 billion in other derivative financial instruments. 
According to its 2005 10-K, Bear Stearns reported that it held $40.297 
billion in mortgages, mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and 
$12.957 billion in other derivative financial instruments. 
According to its 2006 10-K, Bear Stearns reported that it held $43.266 
billion in mortgages, mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and 
$11.617 billion in other derivative financial instruments. 
• 
According to its 2007 10-K, Bear Steams reported that it held $46.141 
billion in mortgages, mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and 
$19.725 billion in other derivative financial instruments. 
25. 
By August 2006, a significant downtown in the housing market was being 
experienced across the country. Consequently, default rates on subprime mortgages 
began to rise. 
EFTA00730427
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case: 3:09•cv-00106 
Document 4: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 7 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Steams Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 7 
26. 
Because of Bear Stearns substantial exposure to the U.S. residential 
mortgage market, Epstein became concerned the downturn in the housing market and 
the rising defaults in the subprime markets would have an outsized effect on Bear 
Stearns' ability to borrow in the repo market. Beginning in the summer of 2006 and 
continuing through 2007 and the beginning of 2008, Epstein had numerous telephone 
conversations about such matters with Cayne or Greenberg, during which telephone 
calls Epstein received repeated false and misleading assurances from Cayne and 
Greenberg regarding Bear Steams' unimpaired access to funds in the repo market 
27. 
Bear Stearns and its agents repeatedly materially misrepresented the value 
of Bear Stearns' assets as well as its processes to calculate value in Bear Stearns' public 
financial statements and made false and misleading misrepresentations and omissions 
in these statements. 
28. 
Epstein 
read 
the 
false, 
misleading, incomplete 
and 
material 
representations in Bear Stearns financial statements as it was Epstein's practice to read 
all of Bear Steams' Form 10•K and Form 10-Q filings with the SEC and he reasonably 
relied upon these representations, in addition to the confirmation of financial stability 
that he received from Bear Stearns' senior management, in Epstein's analysis of Bear 
Stearns in deciding whether Financial Trust should retain its shares of Bear Steams 
stock which Financial Trust did to its economic detriment. 
29. 
Bear Steams false and misleading material misrepresentations in SEC 
filings, which Epstein read and relied upon, include, but are not limited to, the 
following: 
(a) 
Bear Stearns' 200610-K representations that the public filing disclosed the 
"fair value" of Bear Steams' holdings and obligations regarding 
EFTA00730428
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document M. 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 8 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 8 
mortgages, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities and other 
derivative financial instruments, that Bear Steams marked "its financial 
instruments owned to fair value on a daily basis", that Bear Stearns 
compared its "model-based valuations with counterparties in conjunction 
with collateral exchange agreements"; and that Bear Steams "regularly 
evaluate[d) and enhance(d)" its Value at Risk models "in an effort to more 
accurately measure risk of loss"; 
(b) 
Bear Steams' second quarter 2007 10-Q's representation that Bear Stearns 
"regularly evaluate(d) and enhance(d)" its Value at Risk models "in an 
effort to more accurately measure risk of loss"; 
(c) 
Bear Stearns' third-quarter 2007 10-Q's representations that Bear Stearns 
"regularly evaluateldj and enhance[d)" its Value at Risk models "in an 
effort to more accurately measure risk of loss" and that the current market 
value of Bear Stearns' retained mortgages, mortgage-backed arid asset-
backed securities was $55.936 billion and that the current market value of 
its other retained derivative financial instruments was $14.688 billion; 
(d) 
Bear Stearns' 2007 10-K's representation that Bear Steams "compared(d) 
its model-based valuations with counterparties in conjunction with 
collateral exchange agreements" and that Bear Steams "regularly 
evaluateld) and enhanced" its Value at Risk models "in an effort to more 
accurately measure risk of loss"; 
(e) 
Bear Steams' 2007 10-K's representations that the current market value of 
Bear Steams' retained mortgages, mortgage-backed and asset-backed 
EFTA00730429
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 9 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. us. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
rage 9 
securities was $46.141 billion and that the current market value of its other 
retained derivative financial instruments was $19.725 billion. 
30. 
All of the SEC filings referred to herein which had been read and relied 
upon by Epstein had been certified by Molinaro as the CFO of Bear Stearns and, with 
the exception of the 200710-K, all of the SEC filings referred to herein had been certified 
by Cayne as the CEO. The 2007 10-K had been certified by Molinaro as CFO and 
Schwartz as CEO. 
31. 
The US. Securities and Exchange Commission, Office of Inspector 
General, Office of Audits, in a Report entitled "SEC's Oversight of Bear Stearns and 
Related Entities: The Consolidated Supervised Entity Program", dated September 25, 
2008 (the "SEC Report"), found that Bear Steams used outdated, 10 year old Value at 
Risk models to assign values to its mortgage-backed securities which it failed to review 
even after the SEC warned Bear Stearns about them, that Bear Stearns failed to review, 
evaluate, or update its Value at Risk models, which were key to Bear Steams' risk 
management, and that Bear Steams publicly reported values for its retained mortgages, 
mortgage-and-asset backed securities and other derivative securities and other 
derivative financial instruments that were materially higher than those assigned by 
Bear Steams' own risk managers and higher than Bear Stearns itself used for those same 
securities in transactions with counterparties. 
32. 
On July 17, 2007, Bear Stearns reported that the Enhanced Fund could not 
meet investor redemption requests and margin calls in early June. Despite the Enhanced 
Fund's efforts to sell assets to raise liquidity, the Enhanced Fund could not meet its 
margin obligations and counterparties moved to seize collateral. 
EFTA00730430
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106. Document /I: 1 
Filed: 08/0512009 
Page 10 of 19 
Financial Thal Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc 
Verified Complaint 
Page tO 
33. 
The day after the disintegration of the Enhanced Fund was announced, 
Cayne and Spector commenced participating in a 10-day bridge tournament in 
Nashville, Tennessee. 
34. 
On August 3, 2007, Bear Steams held a conference call that afternoon 
claiming that its financial position was "extremely solid...". 
35. 
Bear Stearns issued a supporting press release in which it proclaimed, 
among other things, that "...the balance sheet, capital base and liquidity profile have 
never been stronger." 
36. 
Following the effective demise of the Enhanced Fund, Financial Trust on 
August 6, 2007 sold 56,350 shares of Bear Stearns stock for $1013799 per share. Epstein 
was concerned by what he had learned from reports about the Hedge Funds' problems 
and intended to sell the 120,000 shares of Bear Stearns stock held in the Merrill Lynch 
Account. 
37. 
On or about August 6, 2007, Epstein was in the Virgin Islands and had 
phone conversations with Cayne about the demise of the Hedge Funds and the extent 
of the danger they posed to Bear Steams as an enterprise, and Epstein's intention to sell 
Financial Trust's holdings in Bear Stearns stock. 
38. 
Cayne, during the phone conversations on August 6, 2007 with Epstein, 
induced Epstein to retain Financial Trust's shares of Bear Stearns stock. 
39. 
Cayne advised Epstein in the August 6, 2007 phone conversations that 
Financial Trust should retain its Bear Stearns stock because the problems that caused 
the collapse of the Hedge Funds were contained to those two funds. In addition, Cayne 
represented to Epstein that Bear Stearns itself owned good assets with solid valuations 
and had adequate liquidity. Cayne further represented that the Enhanced Fund's high 
EFTA00730431
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case: 3:09•cv-00106 
Document II: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 11 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. w. The Bear Steams Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 11 
leverage and resulting liquidity issues did not affect Bear Stearns, itself, and did not 
impair Bear Stearns' ability to borrow in the repo market. Cayne also stated in multiple 
telephone conversations with Epstein beginning in August 2007 that Bear Steams was 
working on a deal with China Chic Group, a large Chinese investment bank, which 
would provide a one billion dollar capital infusion as ample confirmation of Bear 
Steams' financial health, notwithstanding the collapse of the Hedge Funds., so he 
advised Epstein to "hold tight" and for Financial Trust to retain its Bear Steams stock as 
a solid investment. Epstein reasonably relied upon Cayne's representations which were 
made to induce Epstein to retain Financial Trust's shares of Bear Stearns stock. 
40. 
Bear Stearns stock dosed on August 6, 2007 at 5113.81 per share. 
41. 
On or about October 4, 2007, Bear Stearns hosted an "Investor Day" 
conference intended to reassure investors regarding the fixed-income segment of Bear 
Stearns that handled Bear Stearns business in mortgage-backed securities. 
42. 
During the conference, Cayne, Schwartz and Molinaro reassured investors 
regarding the risk to Bear Stearns from Bear Stearns' subprime exposure and the 
adequacy of Bear Stearns' liquidity and capital, the financial condition of Bear Stearns 
and the value of Bear Steams' retained financial assets. 
43. 
These claims were materially false and misleading when made. As Cayne, 
Schwartz and Molinaro knew, Bear Stearns' liquidity and capital reserves were 
insufficient given market conditions, placing Bear Stearns at risk. 
44. 
Epstein reviewed and relied upon the materially false and misleading 
statements made at the conference, inducing him to continue to retain the shares of Bear 
Stearns stock owned by Financial Trust in the Merrill Lynch Account. 
EFTA00730432
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed:.08/05/2009 
Page 12 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, inc. i s. The Ban Stearns Companis Inc 
Verified Complaint 
Page 12 
45. 
If Cayne, Schwartz and Molinaro had honestly, completely and accurately 
reported the facts about Bear Stearns' valuation of assets and the true position of its 
liquidity and capital reserves, Financial Trust would have sold the 120,000 shares held 
in the Merrill Lynch Account. 
46. 
On or about November 14, 2007, just over a month after the reassurances 
made during the "Investor Day" conference, Bear Steams announced that it expected to 
write down $1.2 billion on its retained mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and 
asset-backed securities and other derivative financial instruments. 
47. 
On or about November 14, 2007, Molinaro, in a publicized presentation at 
the Merrill Lynch Banking and Finance Conference, represented that the write-downs 
should "suffice" to accurately value products such as mortgages, mortgage-backed 
securities and asset-backed securities and other derivative financial instruments that 
Bear Stearns retained on its balance sheet and claimed that the worst of Bear Steams 
mortgage write-downs was over. 
48. 
Epstein was aware of, and subsequently reviewed and relied upon, the 
materially false and misleading remarks made by Molinaro at the November 14, 2007 
presentation, which induced him to retain the shares of Bear Stearns stock owned by 
Financial Trust held in the Merrill Lynch Account. 
49. 
On or about December 20, 200Z only five weeks after claiming that it had 
properly written down the value of its assets, Bear Stearns announced that it was 
increasing its write-downs by almost 60%, from $1.2 billion to $1.9 billion. 
SO. 
On March 10, 2008, Bear Steams issued a press release claiming that there 
was "absolutely no truth to the rumors of the liquidity problems" at Bear Steams and 
EFTA00730433
--- PAGE 17 ---
• 
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
flied: 08/05/2009 
Page 13 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The Bear Steams Campania Inc 
Verified Complaint 
Page 13 
quoting Schwartz as stating that Bear Stearns' 'balance sheet, liquidity, and capital 
remain strong". 
51. 
On or about the weekend of March 14, 2008, JP Morgan offered just $2.00 a 
share for Bear Steams stock. Eventually, JP Morgan paid $10.00 per sham. 
52. 
Financial Trust sold 20,000 Bear Stearns shares, held in the Merrill Lynch 
Account, on March 14.2008 for $34.9876 per share, and sold 100,000 shares held in the 
Merrill Lynch Account, on March 17, 2008 for $3.4095 per share. 
53. 
On March 31, 2008, JP Morgan and Bear Steams announced that JP 
Morgan had completed its acquisition of Bear Stearns. As part of the JP Morgan 
announced accord, the Federal Reserve agreed to help it guarantee Bear Steams' trading 
obligations, including funding up to $30 billion of Bear Stearns less liquid assets . 
COUNT I (FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION) 
54. 
Financial Trust repeats and realleges, as if set forth fully herein, the 
allegations of all the preceding paragraphs of this Verified Complaint. 
55. 
The material misrepresentations and omissions by Bear Stearns alleged 
herein regarding the adequady of Bear Stearns liquidity and capital reserves, Bear 
Stearns' risk management, Bear Stearns' financial condition, and the value of Bear 
Steams' assets were false and misleading at the time they were made and Bear Stearns 
knew they were false and misleading. 
56. 
The material misrepresentations and omissions made by Bear Stearns 
regarding its risk management infrastructure and processes, its financial condition 
including the value of its assets, ampleness of its liquidity and the adequacy of its 
capital reserves were misleading and false when made and Bear Steams knew they 
were false and misleading. 
EFTA00730434
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106- Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 14 of 19 
Financial Teas' Company, inc. vs. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page I4 
57. 
Bear Stearns' false and misleading material misrepresentations and 
omissions include, without limitation, the Form 10•Q's and Form 10-K's certified by 
officers of Bear Stearns and filed with the SEC for the calendar years 2006 and 2007, the 
false and misleading material statements and omissions made by Bear Stearns' officers 
and top executives at the October 4, 2007 Investor Day Conference, the publicized 
presentation at the Merrill Lynch Banking and Finance Conference on November 14, 
2007, and Bear Steams' misrepresentation in a press release on or about March 10, 2008 
that there was no truth to the rumors of liquidity problems at Bear Steams and quoting 
Bear Steams CEO Schwartz as stating that Bear Stearns' "balance sheet, liquidity and 
capital remain strong". 
58. 
Bear Stearns' false and misleading material misrepresentations and 
omissions also include the direct misrepresentations by Cayne to Epstein on August 6, 
2007 that Bear Stearns' financial condition and risk management were strong, that 
Bear's liquidity and capital reserves were sufficient, that the value of Bear Steams' 
assets was high, the collapse of the two Hedge Funds was the result of high leverage 
which was limited to those Funds and did not extend to the rest of the company, that 
Bear Steams' access to funds in the repo market was not impaired, despite the collapse 
of the Hedge Funds, and that the imminent deal with the China Citic Group would 
provide a one billion dollar capital infusion as ample confirmation of Bear Steams' 
financial health, with Cayne expressly advising Epstein to "hold tight" to all of 
Financial Trust's shares of stock in Bear Steams. 
59. 
At the time Bear Stearns and its agents made the fraudulent 
misrepresentations and omissions they knew and believed that the representations 
were untrue, incomplete and misleading, they did not have confidence in the accuracy 
EFTA00730435
--- PAGE 19 ---
• 
Case: 3:09-ov-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 15 of 19 
Financial Thal Company, Inc. os. The Bear Stearns Campania Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page I5 
of the representations and they knew that they did not have the basis for the 
representations that were stated or implied. 
60. 
Bear Stearns also deceived Financial Trust through false and misleading 
misrepresentations and omissions regarding the availability of repo financing. 
61. 
Bear Stearns at times deceived Financial Trust through representations 
that Bear Stearns knew to be ambiguous. Bear Stearns made these representations with 
the intention that they be understood in the sense in which they were false, or without 
any belief or expectation as to how they would be understood or with reckless 
indifference as to how they would be understood and therefore these ambiguous 
representations were fraudulent. 
62. 
Bear Stearns had reason to expect that the fraudulent misrepresentations 
and omissions made by Bear Steams in its SEC filings referred to herein, its investor 
and broker-dealer conferences and press releases, and its direct conversations with 
Epstein, constituted information which would reach Epstein and would influence 
Epstein's conduct in the decision of whether to retain or sell Financial Trust's shares of 
Bear Stearns stock. 
63. 
All of Bear Steams' misrepresentations and omissions concerned facts that 
were peculiarly within the knowledge of Bear Steams and not readily available to 
Financial Trust. Bear Stearns knew that as a result of Bear Steams' misrepresentations 
and omissions, Financial Trust was acting under mistaken beliefs about material facts. 
64. 
Bear Stearns' fraudulent, false and misleading material misrepresentations 
and omissions induced Financial Trust to retain the shares of Bear Stearns stock at 
unsustainable values until such time as Financial Trust was forced to unload the stock 
EFTA00730436
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 
Page 16 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs. The bear Stearns Companies km 
Verified Complaint 
Page 16 
at fire sale prices, causing Financial Trust to lose virtually all of its investment in these 
shares. 
65. 
At the time of Bear Stearns' conduct and statements as referred to herein, 
Bear Stearns intended or reasonably expected Financial Trust to act or refrain from 
acting in reliance on Bear Steams' false and misleading material misrepresentations and 
omissions. 
66. 
Financial Trust justifiably and reasonably relied upon Bear Stearns' false 
statements, omissions, misrepresentations and conduct as referred to herein in acting 
and refraining from acting in connection with retaining ownership of Bear Steams' 
stock, to the financial detriment of Financial Trust 
67. 
Financial Trust's reliance was reasonable and foreseeable and was 
proximately caused by Bear Stearns' false and misleading misrepresentations and 
omissions. 
68. 
Bear Steams intentionally, knowingly, or recklessly caused its 
communications to Financial Trust to be false and misleading. 
69. 
Bear Stearns made these false and misleading material misrepresentations 
and omissions knowingly, willfully, maliciously and in wanton disregard of the rights 
of Financial Trust. 
70. 
Bear Steams' false and misleading misrepresentations and omissions, as 
alleged herein, proximately caused Financial Trust substantial harm and injuries and 
caused Financial Trust to sustain significant monetary damages, including both 
compensatory and punitive damages, in an amount to be determined at trial. 
EFTA00730437
--- PAGE 21 ---
• • Case: 3:09•cw00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/200W Page 17 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. us. The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
Page 17 
COUNT 11 (NEGLIGENT MISREPRESENTATION) 
71. 
Financial Trust repeats and realleges, as if fully set forth herein, the 
allegations of the preceding paragraphs of this Verified Complaint. 
72. 
Bear Stearns, in the course of providing information to Financial Trust 
regarding its economic and financial condition and actively dissuading Financial Trust 
on August 6, 2007 and thereafter from selling its stock, supplied information and made 
express representations of fact to Financial Trust for the benefit and guidance of 
Financial Trust in its transactions which were material, false, incomplete and 
misleading when made and Bear Steams knew or should have known they were 
material, false, incomplete and misleading. 
73. 
Bear Stearns failed to inform Financial Trust of the correct and true facts 
relating to the financial condition, liquidity and capital base of Bear Stearns and the 
danger to Bear Stearns stock, the price of which went into free fall as a consequence, 
and failed to exercise reasonable care and competence in supplying correct and 
complete information to Financial Trust 
74. 
Bear Stearns negligently supplied incomplete and false information for the 
guidance of Financial Trust for the purpose of inducing Financial Trust to retain shares 
of Bear Stearns Stock. The information was volunteered to Financial Trust and was 
material to Financial Trust's investment decisions at all relevant times. 
75. 
This incomplete, false and misleading information supplied by Bear 
Stearns was done so with the express intention of having Financial Trust rely upon it. 
76. 
Bear Steams was manifestly aware of how Financial Trust would use the 
incomplete, false and misleading information and intended to supply it for that 
purpose. 
EFTA00730438
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case: 3:09-cv-00106 
Document #: 1 
Filed: 08/05/2009 • Page 18 of 19 
Financial Trust Company. Inc. M. The Dear Steams Companies Inc 
Verified Complaint 
Page 18 
77. 
Bear Stearns failed to exercise reasonable care and competence to ascertain 
the facts underlying the incomplete, false and misleading information communicated to 
Epstein and was in a unique position to know the facts and the inferences to be drawn 
from them. 
78. 
Financial Trust justifiably relied upon the incomplete, false and 
misleading information and representations supplied by Bear Stearns, as alleged herein. 
79. 
Bear Steams' negligent misrepresentations and omissions, as alleged 
herein, proximately caused Financial Trust substantial harm and injuries and caused 
Financial Trust to sustain significant monetary damages, including compensatory 
damages, in an amount to be determined at trial. 
PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
WHEREFORE, Financial Trust respectfully requests the Court to enter judgment 
in its favor and against Bear Stearns for compensatory and punitive damages, as well as 
attorney's fees, court costs and other reasonable costs incurred, and pre-judgment and 
post-judgment interest 
A JURY TRIAL IS DEMANDED ON ALL ISSUES TRIABLE BY A JURY. 
LAW OFFICES OF JOHN K. DEMA, P.C. 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
Is/ last K. Dema 
Dated: August 5, 2009 
JOHN K. DEMA, Esquire 
1236 Strand Street, Suite 103 
" 
' 
100820-5008 
EFTA00730439
--- PAGE 23 ---
. Case: 3:09-cv-00106 . Document #: 1 
Filed; 08105/2009 
Page 19 of 19 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. vs The Bear Steams Companies Inc. 
Verified Complaint 
VERIFICATION 
TERRITORY OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
ss: 
DISTRICT OF ST. THOMAS 
Jeanne Brennan-Wiebrachi. as Vice President of Financial Trust Company, Inc., 
being duly sworn, states that she has read the foregoing Verified Complaint, and that it 
is true, except as to that which is based on information and belief, which she believes to 
be true. 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
By: 
Sworn and subsce 
t6s 
befor me this S:day 
of 
2009. 
ry Public 4/ 7 
• Adr
iCon. (42:Leril 
e Brennan-Wiebracht 
Vice President of Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
••••••=. 
EFTA00730440
--- PAGE 24 ---
BEFORE THE JUDICIAL PANEL 
ON MULTIDISTRICf LITIGATION 
IN RE: THE BEAR STEARNS COMPANIES 
INC., SECURITIES, DERIVATIVE AND 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME 
SECURITY ACT (ERISA) LITIGATION 
MDL DOCKET NO. 1963 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on December 3, 2009, I caused a true and correct copy 
of The Bear Steams Companies Inc.'s Rule 7.5 Notice of Potential Tag-Along Action, 
Exhibit A thereto, the Panel Attorney Service List, and Additional Service List to be 
served by first class U.S. mail on the counsel of record listed in the attached Panel 
Service List and Additional Service List. 
Dated: December 3, 2009 
Kevin R. Reich, Esq. 
EFTA00730441
--- PAGE 25 ---
01/14/2009 14:59 FAX 
202 502 2888 
JPML 
it 002/004 
Judicial Panel on Multidistriet Litigation - Panel Attorney Service List 
Per
Docket: 1963 - IN RE: The Bear Steams Companies Inc Securities, 1)erivailive and Employee Retirement Income Security Aa (RR1SA) Litigation 
Status: Transferred on 08/18/2008 
Transferee District NYS 
Judge: Sweet. Robert W. 
Printed on 01/14/2009 
ATTORNEY - FIRM 
REPRESENTED PARTY(S) 
nutlet Gear C. 
ROBBINS UMEDA & FINK LLP 
610 West Ash Street 
Suite 1800 
San Diego, GA 92101.3350 
Mita 
Aim (Derivatively/Behalf-Bear Stearns Companies, Inc.), lame' 
Anders, David B. 
we> nips 
WACHTELL UPTON ROSEN & KATZ 
Spector, Warm 1.• 
West 52nd Street 
Now York NY 10019 
Brower, David A.P. 
BROWER PIVEN APC 
488 Madison Avenue 
8th Floor 
New Yak, NY 10022 
w>Pho 
Cohen 
• sanely/Behalf-Btu Stearns Companies, Inc), Samuel T. 
Chepiea, Michael I. 
wra Mut: 
Email: 
SIMPSON THACHFIR & BARTLETT LLP 
Molinaro, r, amue
l
li
a 
425 1.e:ring:on Avenue 
New York, NY 100174954 
Federman, William B. 
FEDERMAN & SHERWOOD 
10205 North Pennsylvania Avenue 
Oklahoma City. OK 73120 
Lioldberg, JIII 
SCHULTE ROTH & ZABEL LLP 
919 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
Karp. Brad S. 
PAUL WEISS RIFKIND WHARTON Be GARRISON 17.P 
128S Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10019-6064 
Keener, Jay 13. 
SKADDEN ARPS SLATE MEAGHER & FLOM LLP 
Four Timm Square 
New York, NY 10036 
Levy, Lena L. 
WOLF POPPER LLP 
845 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
->Phone
Greek 
Greenberg, Alan C.
ansPliatim 
Bea Steams ompaturr. ne. ; tat 
rust 0. 
vorhon 
Schwartz. Alan D • 
)'fluterIM 
Weber (Ind/Behalf-The Bear Smarm Companies, Inc., Employee Stock 0.mo:ship Plea), Estelle; 
Weber, Estelle' 
Note: Please refer to the report title page for complete report scope and key. 
EFTA00730442
--- PAGE 26 ---
01/14/2008 14:59 FAX 
202 502 2888 
JPXL 
003/004 
(Panel Aitosstey Service Ws for AWL 1,963 Corstinwsd) 
Page 2 
ATTORNEY FIRM 
REPRESENTED PARTY(S) 
Looser, Dark W. 
KELLER ROlutBACK LLP 
1201 3rd Armco 
Suite 3200 
Sank, WA 98101 
Mulcel, Gregory A. 
CADWALADER WICKERSHAM & TAFT LLP 
One World Pinancial Cent: 
Ncw York. NY 10251 
Mastro, Randy M. 
GIBSON DUNN & CRUTCHFS 11.P 
100 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10166-0193 
Mills, Edwin I. 
STULL S CULL & BRODY 
East 45th Street 
Suite 500 
New York, NY 10017 
.w>Pborie: 
Greenberg. Sbeldm• 
-c•Phoute: 
Clyne lames 
Fwbor, Jettkey M.; Mayer, Jeffrey; Minikes, Michael 
oftener 
Biaren, liereY'l Glickman (>4 D.•; 
I 
in, 
r 
ae 
Harnr.gton, Donald J.•: lard/. Fnwk 
T.4; Novelly, Paul A •; Salerno, Frenetic V.•; Tess, vincent': %Wiliam:, k, Wesley S.• 
we> Phone: 
Lounsbury, Drew V.• 
Rabin, I. Stephen 
~Phone 
RABIN & PECKEL LLP 
Menos, Moro 
275 Madison Avenue 
Suite 420 
Ncw York, NY 10016 
Rosenfeld, David MI 
COUUHL1N STOIA GELLER RUDMAN & ROBBINS LLP 
&arc e o mg, nc 
South Service Road 
Salk 200 
Melville, NY 11747 
Rudman, Samuel 14 
COUGULIN STOIA GELLER RUDMAN & RoM3INS LLP 
sit South Service Road 
Slice 203 
Melville, NY 11747 
Silberstein, Milo 
DEALY & SILBERSTEIN 
225 Broadway 
Suite 1405 
New York, NY 10007 
0«her, RAtill C. 
w>Phoire 
Greenberg, Shelden, Howard. Aaron 
Email: 
SIdmIck, Kober A. 
w>Phoacs 
Email-
MEREDITH COHEN OREENFOGEL & SKJWICK PC 
Fink, Lawrence; °twine, Ira: Pismo, Anthony; Rusin, Rita 
One Liberty Pima 
35th Floor 
Note: Please refer to the report title page for complete report scope and key. 
EFTA00730443
--- PAGE 27 ---
01/14/2009 14:59 FAX 202 502 2888 
JPNL 
004/004 
(Panel kterrtry Service Um fi t A4D1, 1,963 Coneiraus4 
Page 3 
ATTORNEY - FIRM 
REPRESENTED PARTY(S) 
New York NY 10006 
Sok0WEE Richard 
3243 Routs 112 
Suite 1 
Moffat), NY 11763 
SUM Italyb M. 
SHAI.OV STONE BONNER & ROCCO IA.,P 
465 Seventh Avenue 
Sulu 1000 
New York, NY 10018 
xPO-
Stance, Catmcla 
C•PhontIMMFast 
(212)239-4310 Enuala 
Weactstco, Scott 
Note: Please refer to the report title page for complete report scope and key. 
EFTA00730444
--- PAGE 28 ---
Additional Service List 
Counsel for Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
John K. Dema 
Law Offices of John K. Dema, P.C. 
1236 Strand Street, Suite 103 
Christiansted, St. Croix, USVI 00820-5008 
Counsel for Bruce S. Sherman 
Philip Korologos 
Boles, Schiller & Flexner LLP 
575 Lexington Avenue, 7th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Counsel for Thomas R. Ulie and The Julius R. Binder Trust tinder Revised Trust 
Agreement 
I. Walton Bader 
Bader and Bader, LLP 
Main Street, Tenth Floor, Suite 1000 
White Plains, NY 10606 
Counsel for Garrett Bland 
Richard Marmaro 
Skadden Arps Slate Meagher & Flom LLP 
300 South Grand Avenue, Suite 3400 
Los Angeles, CA 90071 
Counsel for James M. Crowe and Valerie J. Crowe: 
Christopher J. Gray 
Law Office of Christopher J. Gray, P.C. 
460 Park Avenue, 21st Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Counsel for Kentmill Investments Limited, Keyport Trading Limited, Emerald Sky Corp., 
Roadline Ventures Inc., Deborah Renata Srour, Paloma Resources Limited, Feldman 
Group Profits Corp., and Blues Point Services Corp.: 
Charles B. Manuel, Jr. 
Kimberly B. Grotell 
One Penn Plaza, Suite 2527 
New York, NY 10119 
Counsel for Roger Wang: 
William A. Stater 
Bailey Law Group, PC 
2100 N. Broadway, Third Floor 
Santa Ana, CA 92706 
EFTA00730445
--- PAGE 29 ---
Service List for Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation Continued 
Counsel for Joseph Zicherman: 
Jeffrey L. Liddle 
Liddle & Robinson, L.L.P. 
800 Third Avenue, 8th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Counsel for Andrew Janes: 
Thomas J. McKenna 
Gainey & McKenna 
295 Madison Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
Counsel for Michael Rand: 
John Joseph Richard 
Taylor Busch Slipakoff & Duma LLP 
1600 Parkwood Circle, Suite 400 
Atlanta, GA 30339 
Counsel for Gilles Bransbourg: 
Daniel W. Krasner 
Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP 
270 Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10016 
Counsel for Frederick Schwartz: 
Michael D. Mosher 
Law Finn of Michael D. Mosher 
North Main Street 
The Lovett Building 
Paris, TX 75460 
Counsel for David Mizrahi: 
Brian Strange 
Strange & Carpenter 
12100 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1900 
Los Angeles, CA 90025 
EFTA00730446

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730447.pdf
----------------------------------------
Privileged & Confidential 
Attorney Work Product 
Attorney Client Communication 
Talking points — Investors (Domestic) 
Introduction 
calling to give you an update. I didn't think I would have to call you again, but after 
erry Gruss left the firm an issue came up. The last time we spoke, Perry's departure was 
the reason for the call. Since then, two other issues have come to my attention. We're 
embarrassed as a firm and I'm personally embarrassed. So I felt I owed it to you to make 
a call and give you some details because it bothers me that this happened. It's not the way 
we rim our business. 
Fund assets 
The firm is on its way to having one of its best months -- the 49th consecutive up-month 
in the firm's history and year to date net performance for the Domestic Fund is 
approximately 13%. 
As you know, our global asset management team now consists of 30 members and our 
valuation process has never been more robust. Our asset values accurately represent fair 
value. We are close to achieving our goal of independently valuing all illiquid assets in 
excess of SI million held for more than 3 months --95% of such assets, by dollar amount, 
have been independently valued. 
We believe that no investors' capital accounts arc overstated. 
Out of an abundance of caution, we engaged Deioitte & Touche to do testing of our NAV 
process before issuing our September NAV. 
Issues identified 
Our review of the accounting operations both before and after Perry Gruss's departure has 
identified four issues. 
In late 2005 we hired a management company controller, and earlier this year we 
discovered two issues which we asked our counsel, Schulte Roth & Zabel, to investigate. 
We learned that in certain months over a two-year period, management fees earned by 
DBZCO were advanced after they had been earned (we accrue management fees 
10263126.12 
Confidential Treatment Requested 
by Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson LLP 
DBZ 0000013 
EFTA00730447
--- PAGE 2 ---
monthly), but prior to when they were payable (management fees are payable to DBZCO 
quarterly in arrears). We have compensated the Funds for the interest on all such early 
payments of management fees, increasing investor capital accounts by up to 
approximately 1.5 bps. directly from the management company. 
We identified one occasion in 2005, where fund acsPrs (constituting approximately I 
basis point of approximately S3.6 billion of total fund assets at the time) were used to pay 
for non-fund expenses. The fund assets were returned within 45 days and interest on 
those assets for that period has been paid to the funds in compensation by the 
management company. The interest paid to LP by the management company was 
approximately $36,000 out of approximately $857 million in LP fund assets. 
When I spoke with you about Perry truss's departure, I did not disclose these two issues 
as they were deemed immaterial, in consultation with our advisors. 
I'm calling you now because, subsequent to Perry's departure, we detected two additional 
issues. 
There was an insignificant reporting error -- an approximate $3 million expense was 
misapplied in March 2006 and subsequently reversed in April and May 2006. Year-to-
date performance figures arc accurate. 
We also became aware of certain intertlind transfers over a 13-month period that should 
not have occurred. The net effect of these inter-fund transfers is that investors in the 
Offshore Fund did nut receive a return on the amount of these transfers for the periods of 
time when the transfers were outstanding. We believe that the average amounts of the 
transfers outstanding during this period were approximately $108 million. The interest 
relating to these transfers during this period totals approximately $8 million. We have 
now properly booked the relevant transfers, which will be reimbursed with interest by 
January. The management company will bear the cost of the interest expense. Based on 
what we know today, the interest credited to the Offshore Fund investors will result in 
increases to the value of their shares by around 35 bps; this will not have any effect on 
the capital accounts of investors in the Domestic Fund because the management company 
will bear the interest expense. 
Finn Response 
We are stepping up to the plate. 
As I indicated, we're embarrassed as a firm by what we have discovered and I'm 
personally embarrassed. It's not the way we run our business. 
The management of the firm is unequivocally committed to a full and thorough review of 
the issues we have discussed. 
1026)126.12 
Confidential Treatment Requested 
DBZ 0000014 
by Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson LLP 
EFTA00730448
--- PAGE 3 ---
We have been working with our outside counsel Schulte Roth & Zabel, who conducted a 
thorough internal review with respect to the first two items we identified, and as a result 
of SR&Z's review and findings we took action against Perry Gruss. If asked about SRZ 
findings, remember to not discuss. 
We also have retained Deloitte & Touche to act as special auditor, supervised by 
independent outside counsel Gibson Dunn & Outcher. They have unfettered access to 
all of our books, records and operations to conduct a thorough review of these issues and, 
although they are committed to getting this done as soon as possible, that review will take 
as long as necessary to make sure that it is comprehensive. 
We have fully apprised our auditors PricewaterhouseCoopers and they are preparing for 
the 2006 audit process. 
We have also notified all of our lenders and prime brokers and they are working with us 
to ensure our continued success. They have been fully supportive of our business and 
will continue to work with us. All of our credit facilities remain strong and intact. 
Conclusions 
Although our review of these issues is ongoing, we did not want to wait to notify you, as 
we wanted to be as open as possible and work with you as our investor. We arc hoping 
that all of our investors and creditors will treat this information with the appropriate 
sensitivity. This is in our investors' best interests. Please limit this information to 
individuals within your organization who need to have this information. 
We are pleased to report that substantial progress has been made on addressing these 
issues and that we do not believe that there has been y
 effect on our investments or 
portfolio. 
We are continuing on track toward building a world-class mid and back office operation. 
Our underlying base of investments is very, very strong and we believe that no investor 
capital account is overstated. 
We will continue to review our accounting operations and to improve our policies and 
procedures, including implementing any changes following the work of the auditors and 
legal counsel. 
We appreciate your continued support. I am always available to speak with you and if 
you would like, I will be happy to come meet with you at your offices. 
Please let me reiterate, our asset values are not affected and are properly valued. We 
believe that no investors' capital accounts are overstated. 
10263126.12 
Confidential Treatment Requested 
by Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson LLP 
DBZ 0000015 
EFTA00730449

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730450.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rock Legal Services & Investigations Inc 
2048 Ponce De Leon Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33407 
Phone: 
Fax: 
65-1193731 
Burman, Craton, Luttier & Coleman 
303 Banyan Blvd 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Case Number: INVESTIGATION 
INVOICE 
II 
Invoice #2010001766 
2/8/2010 
Received: 2/2/20 
ted: 2/4/2010 INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES 
To be served on: 
Surveillance in NY 
ITEMIZED LISTING 
Line Item 
Quantity 
Price 
Amount 
Investigation per hour on 2/2/10 
18.00 
75.00 
1,350.00 
2nd Investigator 
uested 2/2/10 (released at 2am) 
17.00 
75.00 
1,275.00 
Rock to Airport tore. 
am and 3pm 
6.25 
75.00 
468.75 
Out of Pocket Expenses - Tax Cab from JFK to
g. 
1.00 
62.58 
62.58 
Comprehensive Report on Martin H. Krouner 
1.00 
15.00 
15.00 
Comprehensive Report on 
1.00 
15.00 
15.00 
Investigation per hour 2/3/10 9am-2:45 am + travel 
19.75 
75.00 
1,481.25 
2nd Investigator requested 2/3/10 
19.75 
75.00 
1,481.25 
Out of Pocket Expenses - Airline Change Request 
1.00 
70.00 
70.00 
Professional Courtesy Discount of Rocks time 
6.25 
-75.00 
-468.75 
Professional Courtesy Discount of Airline Change Request 
1.00 
-70.00 
-70.00 
Tax 
1.00 
6.50% 
358.64 
TOTAL CHARGED: 
$6,038.72 
BALANCE DUE: 
$6,038.72 
'Slat a 
aide 
a/010k iss sgseti2 
Please include the invoice number on your check. 
Payment due on receipt. A late fee of $10 will apply to each unpaid invoice after 60 days. 
Copeight a 1992.2009 Database Sconces. erc. - Process Servers Tostox V8.3x 
EFTA00730450
--- PAGE 2 ---
TELEPHONE: 
-4 ROCK LEGAL SERVICES & INVESTIGATIONS, INC. 
2048 PONCE DE LEON Alt 
WEST PALM BEACH, 
33407 
FACSIMILIE: 
TO 
: 
MIKE PIKE 
FROM 
: 
REGINALD ROCK 
RE 
SURVEILLANCE 
DATE 
: 
FEBRUARY 2-4, 2010 
MEMORANDUM 
CONFIDENTIAL WORK PRODUCT 
Subject: 
Address: JFK Airport 
Vehicle: None 
Investigators: Matthew Calabrese and William Walsh 
SUMMARY
Upon surveillance conducted on 
and 
beginning on Tuesday, 
February 2, 2010 upon their arrival into New York City. During this time period, subjects were 
followed together. Below you will find details of this investigation. 
SURVEILLANCE DETAILS 
Tuesday, February 2.2010 
6:30a.m. In-route to JFK airport. 
7:05 a.m. Updated subjects has not departed from West Palm Beach, standby for further 
in lbrmation. 
EFTA00730451
--- PAGE 3 ---
1:00 p.m. Updated subjects list original Jet Blue flight number 146 leaving at 6:00 a.m. and are 
now on Jet Blue flight 76 leaving West Palm Beach at 12:55 p.m. arriving at JFK at 3:37 p.m. 
In route to JFK. 
3:15 p.m. Arrived at JFK airport and waited in terminal five for subjects' arrival. 
Received information they landed early. 
3:40 p.m. Spotted subjects exiting terminal five, on entering Yellow Taxi Cab Medallion number 
M, subjects followed. 
4:45 p.m. Arrived at 
Building is a residential 
apartment building on the corner of 
5:05 p.m. Subject number one, identified as 
who met with a white male, 
approximate age 
years of 
a roximate heigh 
, in the lobby ofi 
and 
entered the elevator of 
. 
7:10 
m. Observed both subjects as they were escorted out of the building and entered a BMW 
bearing 
license plate number Sind 
proceeded to travel east on 39th
Street. Subject 
t in the front passenger seat while subject at 
in 
the rear passenger seat. Video obtained. 
7:15 p.m. Due to snow, heavy traffic and stop lights subjects were lost. 
BMW Tag 
esearched vehicle and determined it is registered to
lM, 
9:58 p.m. Observed th 
followed until they returned to 
this time. Observed 1 
exit the driver's seat carrying 2 medium sized silvals 
He then handed one of the ba 
to Ms. 
The 3 walked from the vehicle toward 
M., Observed 
nter what appeared to be the side entrance of the building and 
then quickly exited and walked around the corner with 
to the front of the building 
where they took a photograph together. I then observed Mr. jf
in front of the building 
where he took an additional photograph of Ms. =land 
Ms. Sogether. The 3 of them 
then entered the building. Video obtained. 
10:50 p.m. Observed 
and BMW driver identified as 
exit the 
building and enter th 
BMW. Subjects followed as they proceeded east on 39* Street. 
10.54 .m. Vehicle stopped on the corner of Madison Avenue and east 39th Street. Observed 
s she got out of the vehicle and entered the deli. 
10:57 p.m. Observed subject 
as she exited the deli and returned to the vehicle. 
Followed vehicle as it traveled. 
BMW 
it traveled west on 39th Street. Subjects 
and parties entered 
building at 
EFTA00730452
--- PAGE 4 ---
11.00 .m. Observed 
BMW with driver 
apartment. 
drop off 
back at the 
Wednesday, February 3, 2010 
3:00 a.m. Due to no further movement, surveillance was suspended. 
Wednesday, February 3, 2010 
9:00 a.m. Arrived at 
surveillance initiated. 
11:30 a.m. Observed subjecteand 
as they exited the building and 
proceeded on foot as they headed north on Park Avenue and onto 42nd Street. 
11:48 a.m. Observed subjects as they entered Grand Central Station and window shopped and 
took photographs. 
12:45 p.m. Observed subjects at Radio City Music Hall and over to Rockefeller Center sight-
seeing area. 
1:00 p.m. Observed subjects at Times Square sight-seeing. 
2:15 p.m. Followed subjects as they returned to 
9:00 p.m. Observed subjects as they exited 
vith a clear plastic bag of clothes 
and observed them throw them in the garbage and then enter a Toyota Highlander bearing a 
tag numbed. 
Researched vehicle and determined it is registered to S 
9:15 p.m. Subjects followed and exited the vehicle and entered the Duane Reade store on the 
corner of Park Avenue and 22nd Street. 
9:20 p.m. Observed the subjects reenter the vehicle. 
9:30 p.m. Observed vehicle parked on the corner of east 12th Street and University Avenue. 
Observed subjects exit the vehicle with the driver of the vehicle being a Hispanic or black male, 
approximately. years of age. 
9:40 p.m. Observed subjects and male enter a shopping mall on east 14th Street between 
Broadway and University Avenue. 
11:25 p.m. Observed subjects and male reenter the Toyota Highlander vehicle. Video obtained. 
11:43 p.m. Observed vehicle and subjects' park by Battery City Park and exit for sight-seeing of 
the Statue of Liberty. Video obtained. 
EFTA00730453
--- PAGE 5 ---
Thursday, February 4, 2010 
12:05 a.m. Observed subjects and male reenter the vehicle. Followed subjects as they travelled 
around various sight-seeing points of interest including: Ground Zero, the Brooklyn Bridge, the 
Manhattan Bridge, the Empire State Building, Intrepid, Radio City, Times Square, Columbus 
Circle, Radio City/Rockefeller Center. 
2:25 a.m. Observed sub'ects and vehicle as they arrived back at 
. Observed 
a
nd 
reenter the building. The male departed from the area in the 
Toyota Highlander. 
2:35 a.m. Retrieved the bag of garbage containing various male clothing. 
2:45 am Surveillance concluded. 
EFTA00730454
--- PAGE 6 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Important: The Public Records and commercially available data sources used on reports have errors. Data is sometimes 
entered poorly, processed incorrectly and is generally not free from defect This system should not be relied upon as 
definitively accurate. Before relying on any data this system supplies, it should be independently verified. For Secretary of 
State documents, the following data Is for information purposes only and is not an official record. Certified copies may be 
obtained from that individual state's Department of State. 
IRBSearch, LCC does riot constitute a 'consumer report' as that term is defined in the federal Fair Credit Reporting Act. 15 
USG 1681 et seq. (FCRA). Accordingly, IRBSearch, LCC may not be used in whole or in part as a factor in determining 
eligibility for credit. insurance, employment or another permissible purpose under the FORA. 
Your DPPA Permissible Use: Civil, °trains', Administrative, or Arbaral Proceedings 
Your GLBA Permissible Use: Law Enforcement Purposes 
Comprehensive Report 
Comprehensive Report 
Date: 01129/10 
Report processed by: 
ROCK LEGAL SERVICES & INVESTIGATIONS, INC. M17984 
2048 PONCE DE LEON AVE. 
Mr
EACH, on 33407 
Main Phone 
Fax 
Subject Information: 
(Best 
Nam 
Date I Birth 
Age 
View An 
Spur-cps 
Collapse All 
Others Associated With Subjects SSN: 
Ntl
All Name Variations Sources :rd 
e 
en 
Age: 
twee 
e: 
a aby 
e YAW rz eg wan) 
Age 
issued 
between 1 
Comprehensive Report Summary: ie5 
Names Associated With Subject 
Others Associated With Subjects SSN 
Phones Plus 
Possible Criminal Records 
Sexual Offenses 
Driver's License 
Motor Vehicles Registered 
Accidents 
Concealed Weapons Permit 
Found 
Found 
Found 
Found 
None Found 
Found 
Found 
None Found 
None Found 
Report Legend: 
S - Shared Address 
- Deceased 
Probable Current Address 
EFTA00730455
--- PAGE 7 ---
Comprehensive Report 
People at Work 
None Found 
Professional Licenses 
None Found 
FAA Certifications 
None Fount, 
FAA Alrcrafts 
None Found 
Watercraft 
None Found 
Voter Registration 
None Found 
Hunting:Fishing Permit 
None Found 
Bankruptcies 
None Found 
Liens and Judgments 
None Found 
UCC Filings 
None Found 
Possible Properties Owned 
Nor* Found 
Possible Associates 
None Found 
Possible Relatives 
let Degree - None Found 
2nd Degree - None Found 
3rd Degree - None Found 
Neighbors 
1st Neighborhood - 6 Found 
2nd Neighborhood 6 Found 
3rd Neighborhood - 6 Found 
4th Neighborhood 2 Found 
5th Neighborhood 4 Found 
O Address Summary: View All Address Variation Sources 
Address 
County 
Dates 
Maps 
Map 
Map 
Map 
Map 
Map 
EMI 
Map 
O Active Address(es): View AA Address Variation Sources it
reSti. 
Property •vmers Ip Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number - 
Book - 
Page - 
Name 
Property Address: - 
Owner Addre 
Land Usage - 
Total Market Valu - 
Assessed Value 
Land Value -
Improvement Value - 
Land Size - NM Square Feet 
Year Built - INN 
Name of Seller 
Loan Amount
Loan Type - PRIVATE PARTY LENDER 
Lender Name - PRIVATE iNonnoilid. 
EFTA00730456
--- PAGE 8 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Data Source - A 
Previous And Non-Verified Address(es): Mew All Address Variation Sources U`µt 
Na 
Address: 
liiiiiiii iiil
l
Neighborhood ro e (2000 Census) 
Average Age:. 
Medan Household Income: 
Median Owner Occupied El 
Average Years of Education: 
Address: 
Current Residents at Address: 
Property Ownership Information for this Address 
Property: 
Parcel Number -
Name Owner : 
Property Addr 
Owner Address 
Name of Seller 
Data Source • 
Neighborhood Profile (2000 Census) 
Average Agee 
Medan Household Income: 
Medan Owner Occupied H 
Aver 
Years of Education 
It Address: 
Neighborhood Profile (2000 Census) 
Average Ago:. 
Median Household Income: IMIM 
Median Owner Occupied Horisyalue: 
Average Years of Education:MP 
Neighborhood Profile (2000 Census) 
Average Age: Sr 
Median Househokt Income:
Median Owner Occupied Horggyabe: NMI 
Average Years of Education:
EIMME1 
Address: 
Neighborhood prqty, (2000 Census) 
Average Age:. 
Medan Household Income: 
Median Owner Occupied Ho 
Value: 
Average Years of Education:. 
EFTA00730457
--- PAGE 9 ---
Comprehensive Report 
B Phones Plue(s): %fa 
Pho 
Name: 
Address: 
Phone Number: 
EST 
Phone Type: Mobile 
Carrier: METRO PCS, INC. - 
Name: 
Address: 
Phone Welber: 
• E 
Phone Type: Motile 
Carrier: METRO PCS, INC. - 
B psis Criminal Records: ak 
Dourf
Co" '
SSN: 
Atlases: 
State of 
n: 
Count 
DOB: 
Race: WHITE 
Sox: Female 
Offenses: 
Offense #1 
Offense Dal 
Court Statute:
Court Activity: 
[NONE FOUND] 
Origin 
Name: 
SSN: 
Aliases: 
Slate of Origin 
Counting 
DOS: 
Race: WHITE 
Sex: Female 
Offenses 
Offense #1 
Offense Date: 
Court Statute: 
Court Activity: 
[NONE FOUND] 
•li
t
Name' 
SSN: 
Aliases: 
State of Origin: 
Countiiii: 
DOS: 
Race: WHITE 
Sex: Female 
Offenses: 
Offense #1 
Offense Date: 
Court Statute: 
EFTA00730458
--- PAGE 10 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Court Activity: 
[NONE FOUND) 
Co 
• 
Narneiligt 
SSN: 
Aliases: 
. . 
State of Origin: 
Coun 
DOS:
Race:lifil 
Sex: Female 
Offenses: 
Offense 81 
Offense Date: 
Court Statute: 
Court Activity: 
[NONE FOUND) 
SSN: 
Aliases: 
armi
lt 
Stale of Origin' 
CD0B
ountit: 
Race: WHITE 
Sex: Female 
Offenses: 
Offense Ft 
Offense Date: 
Court Statute: 
Court Activity: 
[NONE FOUND) 
•
• 
NaZ• 
SSN: 
Aliases: 
State of Origin: 
Cam 
DOB:
Race:# 
Sex: Female 
Offenses: 
Offense SI 
Offense Date: 
Coat Statute: 
Court Activity: 
[NONE FOUND) 
c
o
l
l
i
Name: 
S 
Ali 
SN: 
ases: 
Ste 
Cote of Origin: 
County of Ortoin 
t
DOB: 
Race: WHITE 
Sex: Female 
EFTA00730459
--- PAGE 11 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Offenses: 
Offense el 
Offense Date: 
Court Statute: 
Court Activity: 
NONE FOUND) 
O Sexual Offenses: sa 
[None Found] 
La Driver' 
• 
Name: 
S 
DL N
tet
• 
Licen 
DOS' 
Potential SSN 
:-
Gender: Female 
Ethnicity. WHITE 
Attention Flags: 
Expiration D 
Issue Date: 
License Type: •riginal 
licen 
lir 
: Non-Commercal - Regular Operator License 
Heigh
Data Source: Governmental 
Restrictions: Corrective Lenses 
Name: 
DL Nu 
• 
Ste 
Licen
S:
O ialt 
D
PotenfialS00: 
Gender: Female 
Ethnicity: WHITE 
Attention Flags: 
Expiration D 
• 
Issue Date: 
License Type: Duplicate 
License 
s: Non-Commercial - Regular Operator License 
Height= 
Data Source: Governmental 
Restrictons: Corrective Lenses 
Name: 
DL N 
• 
State: 
DOB: 
Potential 
=: 
Gender: Female 
Ethnicity: WHITE 
Attention Flags: 
Expiration 
• 
Issue Date: 
License Type: 
• .te Replacement 
Lloen 
Non-Commercial - Regular Operator License 
Heig 
Data Source: Governmental 
Restrictions: Corrective Lenses 
Name: 
DL N 
• 
State 
License 
• 
EFTA00730460
--- PAGE 12 ---
Comprehensive Report 
DOB: 
Poten”: 
Gender: Female 
Ethnicity: WHIT 
Expiration D 
Issue Date: 
License Typo: Original 
License: 
Identification Card 
Height: 
Data Source: Governmental 
Name: 
DL N 
• 
Slat 
DOG:
LIcen 
Potent
 :-
Gender: Female 
Ethnicity: WHIT 
Expiration D 
Issue Date: 
License Type: Duplicate 
License.: Identification Card 
Height: 
Data Source: Governmental 
e Motor Vehicles Registered To Subject: 
Vehicle: 
VIN: 
State Of Origin: 
Engine: 4 Cylinder 
Anti Lock Brakes: 4 wheel standard 
Air Conditioning: Standard 
Daytime Running tights: Not available 
Power Sleeting: Standard 
Power Brakes: Standard 
Power Windows: Standard 
Security System: Anti-theft device 
Root None not available 
Rader: AM/FM CD 
Front Wheel Drive: Yea 
Four Wheel Drive: No 
Tilt Wheel: Standard 
Regis:nulls) 
Record 
Name: 
Potential 
Addr 
DOB: 
Sex: 'male 
Age: 
Tag Number: 
Earliest Registrar 
Datei 
Latest Registrati 
Expiration Date: 
Vehicle: 
Desal 
VIN: 
State Of Origin: 
Engine:4 C 
er 
Anti Lock Brakes: 4 wheel standard 
Air Con:Stoning: Standard 
Daytime Running Lights: Not available 
Power Steering: Standard 
Power Brakes: Standard 
EFTA00730461
--- PAGE 13 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Power Windows: Standard 
Security System: Anti-theit device 
Roof: None / not available 
Radio: AM/FM CD 
Front Wheel Drive: Yes 
Four Wheel Drive: No 
Tilt Wheel: Standard 
Owner(s) 
Name:i ir
m
i
Potential 
Addr 
• 
. 
DOB: 
Sex: 
male 
Age:. 
Title Number: 
Title Issue DatiliMI 
Lien Hokler(s) 
None 
Vehicle: 
' 
• 
• 
VIN: 
State 
Engine: 
Restraints: riverfront at agrpassenger side active ben 
Anti Lock Brakes:4 wheel standard 
Air Condtioning: Op W& 
Daytime Running Lights: Not available 
Power Steering: Standard 
Power Brakes: Standard 
Power Windows: Optional 
Security System: Unknown 
not available 
Price 
Radio: AM/FM 
Front Wheel Drive: No 
Four Wheel Drive: No 
TM Wheel: Optional 
Registrant(s) 
ROCOr 
Name: 
Potential 
• 
Addr 
• 
DOB: 
Sex: 
male 
ABE 
Tag Number: 
Earliest Registration Date.
Latest Registrati 
Expiration Date: 
License Plate Type: Private 
Vehicle: 
VIN: 
State Of 
Engine: 
Restraints: Driver front air bag/passenger side active bolt 
Anti Lock Brakes:4 wheel standard 
Air Condtionirg: Optional 
Daytime Running Lights: Not available 
Power Steering: Standard 
Power Brakes: Standard 
Power Windows: Optional 
EFTA00730462
--- PAGE 14 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Security System: Unknosom 
Roof: Ws( not available 
Price: 
Rade: AM/FM 
Front Wheel Drive: No 
Four Wheel Drive: No 
Tat Wheel: Optional 
OW116 r(s) 
Name: 
•
Potential 
Addre 
• 
. 
DOB: 
Sex: Umaje 
Age: ll 
Title Number: 
Tab Issue OM 
Lion Hoidet(s) 
None 
Accidents: dIxk 
Found] 
U Concealed Weapons Permit: eLS
[None Found] 
B People at Work: Li 
(None Found] 
• Professional Ucense(s): Sla 
[None Found] 
e FAA Certifications: &..'s 
(None Found] 
e FAA Alrcrafts: 
(None Found) 
e Watercraft: 
[None Found) 
e voter Registration: 1.1.11 
[None Found) 
liunting/Flshing Permit: ilia 
(None Found] 
Bankruptcies: air 
[None Found] 
e Liens and Judgments: 
[None Found] 
e ucc Filings: ifIk 
[None Found) 
LB Possible Properties Owned by Subject: ,t]' 
[None Found] 
Possible Associates: tiX:;.X 
[None Found] 
tr.) Possible Relatives: 45 
[None Found] 
e Neighbors: 6.:;ji 
EFTA00730463
--- PAGE 15 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Address(es): 
!TY 
Res 
• 
8: 
- 
• 
in 
between 
x issued it
 between ■ 
Res i
e
betwee 
41.1 
Age: 
Age: 
Add: 
Age: 
Res ay
• 
Ag
Aedalbelvieel
l 
x Issued lal 
beikkgen 
DOB: 
Agent 
Nei. 
• 
Re 
Age: 
'A 
-x 
x 
•xxxx issued in 
between 
EFTA00730464
--- PAGE 16 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Address(es): 
Res' • •n 
264.4-xxxx 
xxxx issued in 
(Aug 2008 • ,CI 
KATHY C,ORTES 
A;e: 
Nei hborhood: 
tots issued 
-xxxx issued in 
DOD 
5-xxxx issued 
Age:
Age: 
Des
Age: 
in
i
liween 
DO 
betwee 
0.41-xdocx
uec: 
bet 
DOB 
Age 
between 
between 
Address es : 
es cots: 
xxxx "sued in 
retV/CC1 
EFTA00730465
--- PAGE 17 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Mr
COB: 
xxx issued in 
between 
111 
Res 
• 
Rcs!cents: 
IMIEM 
Nei hborl
i 
Address es 
Res r 
EFTA00730466
--- PAGE 18 ---
Comprehensive Report 
Neighborhood: 
Res 
Res' n : 
Resi 
Ane 
Current h n 
II 
at hi addrc s: 
(Jun 1981 - Nov 
Source Information: da 
AS Sources 
Source Document(s) 
Driver Licenses 
Source Document(s) 
Motor Vehicle Registrations 
Source Document(s) 
Person Locator 1 
Source Document(s) 
PhonesPlus Records 
Source Document(s) 
Phone 
Source Document(s) 
EFTA00730467
--- PAGE 19 ---
Comprehensive Report 
H:slorical Person Locator 
Source Document(s) 
Ull ty Locator 
Source Dccument(sr 
EFTA00730468

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730469.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rock Legal Services & Investigations Inc 
2048 Ponce De Leon Avenue 
West Palm 
33407 
Pho 
Fax: 
65.1193731 
Burman, Critton, Loftier & Coleman 
303 Banyan Blvd 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Case Number. INVESTIGATION 
INVOICE 
MOM 
Invoice #2010001765 
2/8/2010 
Received: 2/2/20 
ted: 2/2/2010 INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES 
To be served on: 
Surveillance 
ITEMIZED LISTING 
Line Item 
Quantity 
Price 
Amount 
Investigation per hour on 2/2/10 
10.50 
75.00 
787.50 
Mileage on 2/2/10 
15.00 
0.55 
8.25 
2nd Investigator requested 
10.50 
75.00 
787.50 
DVD Copy 
1.00 
15.00 
15.00 
Tax 
1.00 
6.50% 
102.38 
TOTAL CHARGED: 
$1,700.63 
BALANCE DUE: 
$1,700.63 
Please include the Invoice number on your check. 
Payment due on receipt. A late fee of $10 will apply to each unpaid invoice after 60 days. 
Copyright 01992-2001 Database Soviets. kic. - Process Servers Tootox VS 3x 
EFTA00730469
--- PAGE 2 ---
LE1'110.VE 
-4, ROCK LEGAL SERVICES & INVESTIGATIONS, INC. 
2048 PONCE DE LEON AVE. 
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA 33407 
FACSIMILIE: 
TO 
: MIKE PIKE 
FROM 
: 
REGINALD ROCK 
RE 
: 1 
DATE 
: 
FEBRUARY 5, 2010 
MEMORANDUM 
CONFIDENTIAL WORK PRODUCT 
Subject: 
Address: 
Vehicle: 
Investigators: L' och Bechard and Kristopher Wilgus 
SUMMARY 
Upon request, surveillance was conducted using 2 investigators on Tuesday, February 2, 2010. 
Investigators observed Ms. 
and 
as they left Ms. 
residence, 
travelled to Palm Beach International Airport for travel on Jet Blue Airlines to JFK Airport in 
New York. Below you will find the details of the investigation during this time period. 
SURVEILLANCE DETAILS 
Tuesday February 2, 2010 
3:38 am 
Investigators Z.Bechard and K.Wilgus arrived at the subject's residence. The 
was parked 
in front of the subject's Apt building in a handicap space. There were no lights on in the 
EFTA00730470
--- PAGE 3 ---
obtained. 
apartment and no visible activity. The investigators took a surveillance position in the parking 
lot with a direct view of the apartment and vehicle. 
9:04 am 
An unknown female approached the subject's apartment and knocked on the door. The subject 
was observed in the doorway as she answered the door. The unknown female left. 
9:24 am 
The subject exited her apartment wearing dark colored jeans, white high heels and a long black 
leather overcoat. She walked to the sidewalk with a large leopard print shoulder bag and a 
pillow under her arm and she pulled a suitcase out to the sidewalk. She left the suitcase and all 
the items outside and returned to the apartment. Subject exited the apartment again with another 
suitcase and also smoking a cigarette. She left the suitcase outside and again walked back inside. 
She then came back out with another large duffle suitcase bag and put it with the rest. Video 
obtained. 
9:26 am 
ails"
into her vehicle and moved it to another parking space. The subject's friend, 
exited the apartment wearing light gray jeans and a light blue fleece jacket. 
They both entered the apartment again. Video obtained. 
9:29 am 
The subject came out and stood by the bags. Video obtained. 
came out and stood near the bags as the subject used her cell phone. Video 
9:34 am 
The subject and 
grabbed their bags and began to walk through the parking lot pulling their 
suit cases behind them. Video obtained. 
9:38 am 
Both subject and 
walked all the way to the front gate at the front of the apartment complex. 
They stopped at the curb and waited. Video obtained. 
left the area and got the maintenance man to give her a ride in the golf cart back to the 
apartment. Video obtained. 
9:48 am 
Yellow Cab van #263 pulled up and stopped at the subject. The driver got out and helped the 
subject load the bags into the taxi van. Video obtained. 
9:50 am 
EFTA00730471
--- PAGE 4 ---
IIII returned and got into the van. The taxi departed. Investigators followed the taxi. During 
the drive the girls were observed being very overly friendly with the driver. They gave him a 
business card with something written on it. Video obtained. 
10:15 am 
The taxi arrived at Palm Beach International Airport and drove to the departures terminal. The 
girls got out and walked into the terminal with their bags. 
10:18 am 
They walked to the Jet Blue ticket counter and spoke with to a Jet Blue agent. The investigator 
determined that they missed their flight that was supposed to leave around 10:30 am. The girls 
had many agents working on their situation to get them on another flight. 
10:48 am 
They seemed to get boarding passes from the agents. The investigator observed the luggage tag 
and determined that their bags were going to JFK airport. Investigator Bechard obtained a fully 
refundable ticket so as to proceed through the security gates. 
11:15am 
The girls left the ticket counter and walked into the terminal. They went to the bathroom. 
11:30 am 
The girls exited the bathroom and entered Sam Snead's bar and grill and sat at the bar. They 
ordered large 36oz glass beers. 
11:37 am 
The subject spoke to a guy sitting at the bar and asked him to come and sit by them. They 
ordered tequila shots and all 3 wok the shots as the bar tender took a picture. 
11:55 am 
The girls were very flirtatious with the guy and at one point he took out his Mac laptop and the 
subject used it to show him a website or something. The subject gave him a business card and 
wrote something on it and the guy gave her his card. The girls were excited and loud and could 
be heard hooting and hollering while at the bar. 
12:07 pm 
The guy left the bar and the subject was overheard saying "are you gonna call me?" 
12:25 pm 
The girls left the bar and proceeded through the security check point. 
12:34 pm 
The girls walked through the terminal. The subject grabbed a wheel chair and sat in it as 
pushed her towards the gate. They were visibly intoxicated, behaving erratic and loud. They 
approached some grounds crewmen in the terminal and conversed for a moment and then made 
their way to the gate. 
EFTA00730472
--- PAGE 5 ---
12:44 pm 
Subject and-1 
were the last passengers to board the 12:50 pm Jet Blue flight to JFK Airport 
and the door was closed behind them. Surveillance terminated. 
1:45 pm 
Investigator obtained a refund for his ticket. 
End of report 
EFTA00730473

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730474.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rock Legal Services 8 Investigations Inc 
2048 Ponce De Leon Avenue 
West Palm Beach. FL 33407 
Pho 
Fax 
85-1193731 
Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman 
303 Banyan Blvd 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Case Number: INVESTIGATION 
INVOICE 
Invoice #2010001415 
2/8/2010 
iu 
Received: 1/29/2 
eted: 1/30/2010 INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES 
To be served on: 
Surveillance 
ITEMIZED LISTING 
Line Item 
Quantity 
Price 
Amount 
Investigation per hour on 1/29/10 
6.25 
75.00 
468.75 
Mileage on 1/29/10 
30.00 
0.55 
16.50 
Investigation per hour 
6.50 
75.00 
487.50 
Mileage on 1/30/10 
19.00 
0.55 
10.45 
Out of Pocket Expenses 
1.00 
140.00 
140.00 
DVD Copy 
1.00 
15.00 
15.00 
Professional Courtesy Discount 
4.75 
-75.00 
-356.25 
Tax 
1.00 
6.50% 
39.00 
TOTAL CHARGED: 
$820.95 
BALANCE DUE: 
$820.95 
Please include the invoice number on your check. 
Payment due on receipt. A late fee of $10 will apply to each unpaid invoice after 60 days. 
Ccpyrthi 01972.2006 Database Services. No -Process SOWS Toolbox VS 3x 
EFTA00730474
--- PAGE 2 ---
TELEPHONE: 
.4; ROCK LEGAL SERVICES & INVESTIGATIONS, INC. 
2048 PONCE DE LEON AVE 
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA 33407 
FACSIMILE: 
TO 
: 
MIKE PIKE 
FROM 
: REGINALD ROCK 
RE 
SURVEILLANCE 
DATES 
: 
JANUARY 30-31, 2010 
MEMORANDUM 
CONFIDENTIAL WORK PRODUCT 
Subject: 
Address: 
Vehicle: 
Investigator: Reginald Rock 
SUMMARY
Upon request, I conducted surveillance on 
on Friday, January 29th, 2010 and 
Saturday, January 30, 2010. I observed Ms. Miller on Saturday, January 30, 2010 where I 
determined she is employed at 
Below you will find the details of the investigation during this time period. 
SURVEILLANCE DETALS 
Friday, January 29. 2010 
5:30 pm 
Arrived at 
in search of 
sub'ect's vehicle. In the absence of the vehicle, investigator returned to the address on house at 
Subject's vehicle was not there either. I 
EFTA00730475
--- PAGE 3 ---
returned to 
and confirmed with some children playing outside that subject resides in 
with 
" but her vehicle was still not there. I then proceeded to the 
downtown West Palm Beach/Clematis area. I continuously searched for subject on Clematis 
searching Rocco's, Roxy's (rooftop & 1st floor), Bradley's & Dr. Feelgoods (1st and 3rd floor as 
there was a private party on the 2nd floor). Rocco's was the only place packed and all the other 
bars were empty. My last stop for the evening was Dr. Feelgoods which I left at approximately 
11:15 pm without having found subject, surveillance was suspended for the evening. 
Saturday, January 30, 2010 
8:30 am 
Drove by subject's residence at 
and observed subject's 
vehicle in a nearby parking space. Vehicle photographed. 
5:30 
Arrived at subjects residence at 
Observed subjects vehicle parked near the building. Surveillance resumed. 
6:30 pm 
Observed subject as she existed the apartment and followed as she travelled in her 
vehicle west on Summit Boulevard, then North on Military Trail to Okeechobee Boulevard then 
East onto 
6:39 pm 
Subjected arrived at 
and I observed her vehicle parked in the 
parking lot of 
8:00 pm 
Entered establishment 
' on 
in search of 
subject. 
9:30 pm 
After observing all of the ladies at 
had rotated through their 
stage performances and there being no sign of the subject, I exited 
and 
observed that subject moved her vehicle from the area of 
and parked it 
directly to the right of the establishment'
10:10 pm 
I inquired about their services, we were next door and wanted to know what you 
charged. I was advised by a black female that they charged 
per half hour. I asked if I 
could see all the girls and she allowed me to see 3 of the girls and said that the last girl was busy 
at the moment and to return later. 
11:00 .n
u 
Returned to 
and the last irl came out and said her name 
was 
but she was busy at the moment. I identified 
as 
11:30 pm 
There being no further movement, surveillance was suspended for the evening. 
EFTA00730476

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730477.pdf
----------------------------------------
TELEPHONE: 
e ROCK LEGAL SERVICES & INVESTIGATIONS, INC. 
2048 PONCE DE LEON AVE. 
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA 33407 
FACSIMILIE: 
TO 
: 
MICHAEL PIKE 
SUBJECT: 
DATES 
: 
FEBRUARY 23, 2010 
CONFIDENTIAL INVESTIGATIVE REPORT 
Subject: 
Investigator: Ralph Saccone 
SUMMARY 
Investigator visited subject's place of employment, 
as well as 
, purportedly her former em lo er. Investigator interrogated employees of both locations 
regarding subject as well as 
in hopes of ascertaining as much additional 
information about both individuals as possible. 
INVESTIGATION DETAILS 
On Tuesda , Februa 
23, 2010, the Investigator entered 
located at 
He sat at the bar and spoke with the bartender. She 
stated she did not know 
and asked if he had a sta e name for her. Investi ator then 
inquired about 
. She advised she had not seen 
working at 
in quite some 
time, but believed she worked next door at 
. The bartender further stated she did not 
think the two businesses were affiliated but was not sure who was the owner of either location. 
Investigator then spoke with one of the dancers whose stage name was Catalina (20s, tattoo on 
right arm) who sat next to him and offered him a dance. A ain 
was unknown to her. 
She stated that 
is not affiliated with 
. Catalina advised 
is 
corporately owned internationally. She further stated the 
located in Las Vegas, 
NV is the only one that is privately owned. She had no additional information. 
- 1 - 
EFTA00730477
--- PAGE 2 ---
The Investi ator then roceeded to 
also located at 
. Upon entering the facility, he was greeted by a black female 
named Vanessa. She lead him into the room on the left. They sat on the bed and she informed 
him the cost was 
for 30min or 
for an hour of a private 
. Vanessa stated 
M
is scheduled on the El shift but comes and goes da s and nights). She stated that 
and 
are not affiliated. She advised 
is privately owned by one 
individually. She would not state her cut of the fee or what services you received. She did state 
that sometimes it is 50/50. No further mention of money. Vanessa advised all girls perform the 
same "duties". There are usually 2 girls per shift during the weekday. Weekends vary. 
- 2 - 
EFTA00730478

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730479.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tax Notes Today: 2010 TNT 211-12 - Court Opinions 
Page 1 of 11 
taxanalvsise
The experts' experts." 
Tax Notes Today 
NOVEMBER 1. 2010 
U.S. Virgin Islands May Not Intervene in Deficiency Case, Tax Court Says 
Citations: Arthur I. Appleton Jr. v. Commissioner; 135 T.C. No. 23; No. 7717-10 
Summary by tnapialysts 
The Tax Court has held that the U.S. Virgin Islands may not intervene in a deficiency case 
against a U.S. citizen residing in the U.S.V.I., finding that the U.S.V.I.'s interest failed to 
satisfy the direct, substantial, and legally protectable requirement necessary to intervene in 
the case. 
Arthur Appleton Jr. was a U.S. citizen and bona fide U.S.V.I. resident in 2002, 2003, and 
2004. He filed U.S.V.I. tax returns for those years, claiming he did not have to file federal 
returns or pay federal income tax because he qualified for the gross income tax exclusion 
under section 932(c)(4). The U.S.V.I. Bureau of Internal Revenue audited Appleton's 
returns and found no deficiency. The IRS later audited the returns and assessed 
deficiencies against Appleton for all three years. Appleton petitioned the court for 
redetermination of the deficiencies, arguing that the period for assessment had expired. 
The IRS in response asserted that the period was still open. The U.S.V.I. moved to 
intervene shortly thereafter. 
Under section 932(c)(4), U.S.V.I. residents are exempt from paying U.S. income tax --
provided they meet certain requirements -- by virtue of the U.S.V.I.'s mirror tax system, 
which uses the IRC as its base. U.S. citizens who meet the requirements can satisfy their 
U.S. tax requirements by filing with the U.S.V.I. and paying only the U.S.V.I. territorial 
income tax. Failure to satisfy the conditions could result in the individual's having to file and 
pay in both locations. 
Further, section 934, designed to encourage economic development, allows the U.S.V.I. to 
reduce taxes on "income derived from sources within the Virgin Islands or income 
effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the Virgin Islands." 
Incentives enacted by the U.S.V.I. allow some companies doing business there to receive 
substantial benefits, including reduced tax rates. 
In its notice of deficiency, the IRS said that Appleton failed to meet the requirements of 
section 932(c)(4) because he had participated in a scheme intended to fraudulently claim 
section 934 benefits. The IRS referenced Notice 2004-45, which advises taxpayers that the 
IRS will challenge questionable positions taken by U.S. citizens claiming to be U.S.V.I. 
residents in order to improperly claim section 934 benefits. Because Appleton failed to 
meet the requirements of section 932(c)(4), he was required to file returns with the U.S., 
the IRS said. Further, the IRS argued, Appleton's failure to file returns for those years 
http://services.taxanalysts.com/taxbase/tnt3.nsf/(Number/201CH-TNT1-211-12?Openllocum... 11/3/2010 
EFTA00730479
--- PAGE 2 ---
Tax Notes Today: 2010 TNT 211-12 - Court Opinions 
Page 2 of 11 
meant that the limitations period for assessment had not begun. 
Appleton disagreed, arguing that the limitations period began when he filed his U.S.V.I. 
returns and that it had already expired. The U.S.V.I. agreed with Appleton, maintaining that 
the position taken by the IRS threatened the territory's taxing autonomy and fiscal 
sovereignty. The territory sought to intervene in order to protect its ability to administer its 
tax laws, saying it would file a summary judgment motion regarding the limitations period 
as it applied to its residents. 
In an opinion for the court, Judge Julian I. Jacobs wrote that the court's rules generally do 
not allow for third-party intervention but that the court may decide on procedure, using the 
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure as a guide. The court has never recognized intervention 
as a matter of right under Fed. R. Civ. Proc. 24(a)(2), Jacobs wrote. 
Under Fed. R. Civ. Proc. 24(a)(2), a would-be intervenor must (1) timely file an application; 
(2) show a direct, substantial, and legally protectable interest in the litigation; (3) 
demonstrate that that interest might be impaired by disposition of the case; and (4) show 
that the interest is not protected by the parties to the case. Whether the intervenor's 
interest is direct, substantial, and legally protectable is determined using a facts and 
circumstances test; an economic interest in the litigation's outcome is not sufficient to allow 
intervention, the court wrote. 
The U.S.V.I. argued that its ability to administer its tax laws satisfied the requirement. It 
also argued that the IRS's position that the assessment period remained open has caused 
companies to leave the territory and has adversely affected its ability to collect tax 
revenues. The Tax Court disagreed, saying that the question of the limitations period would 
not affect the U.S.V.I.'s ability to offer or administer the economic development program. 
The court dismissed the arguments as purely economic and therefore inadequate to 
support a motion for intervention. Finally, the court found the U.S.V.I.'s interest to be too 
remote and "impaired and colorable only upon a sequence of events." 
Alternatively, the U.S.V.I. argued it should be allowed to intervene under Fed. R. Civ. Proc. 
24(b)(2), which allows a federal or state agency to intervene if the claim or defense is 
based on a statute or executive order administered by the agency or on any regulation, 
order, agreement, or requirement made under the statute or order. The territory argued that 
because Appleton's case was based on sections 932(c) and 934(b), which, under the 
mirror tax system, the U.S.V.I. administers, it should be allowed to intervene. The court 
dismissed U.S.V.I.'s arguments that allowing it to intervene would not delay or obstruct 
adjudication of the issue, finding that the territory's intention to file a summary judgment 
motion on the limitations issue was duplicative of a central argument raised by Appleton. 
Granting the U.S.V.I.'s motion would allow it to become a party, which could complicate 
and delay the case unnecessarily, the court wrote. 
Following its denial of the U.S.V.I.'s motion to intervene, the court wrote that it would allow 
the territory to represent its interest in the case by filing an amicus curiae brief. 
Full Text Published by taxanalvats' 
Number/2010+TNT+2 I I -12?OpenDocum... 11/3/2010 
EFTA00730480
--- PAGE 3 ---
Tax Notes Today: 2010 'INC 211-12 - Court Opinions 
Page 3 of 11 
ARTHUR I. APPLETON, JR., 
Petitioner 
v. 
COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE, 
Respondent 
UNITED STATES TAX COURT 
Filed November 1, 2010 
Asserting it has a vital interest in a key aspect of this case, M filed a motion to intervene 
pursuant to Rule 1(b), Tax Court Rules of Practice and Procedure, and under Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 24. 
Held: 
interest does not satisfy the direct, substantial, and legally protectable 
requirements of Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(a)(2). 
Held, further, Because (i) P has raised the issue in which M asserts an interest as a 
matter central to his case and 
sumably the issue will be fully vetted during the course 
of these proceedings, and (ii)
 intervention could result in trial complications as well as 
delay the resolution of the issue in which M asserts an interest, M will not be permitted to 
intervene pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(b)(2). 
Held, further, as an alternative to intervention, M will be permitted to file an amicus curiae 
brief. 
Randall P. Andreozzi, Edward Doyle Fickess Ryan M. Murphy and Teia M. Bui, for 
petitioner. 
Barry J. Hart, for proposed intervenor. 
Justin L. Camoolieta, for respondent. 
OPINION 
JACOBS, Judge: Asserting that it has a vital interest in a key aspect of this case, the 
Government of the U.S. Virgin Islands (movant) filed a motion to intervene pursuant to Rule 1 
(b). Petitioner has no objection to movant's proposed intervention; respondent does. 
Unless otherwise indicated, Rule references are to the Tax Court Rules of Practice and 
Procedure, and section references are to the Internal Revenue Code as amended for the 
years at issue. At the time he filed his petition, petitioner resided in New York. 
BACKGROUND 
Number/2010+TNT+211-12?OpenDoctun... 11/3/2010 
EFTA00730481
--- PAGE 4 ---
Tax Notes Today: 2010 TNT 211-12 - Court Opinions 
Page 4 of 11 
Petitioner, a U.S. citizen, was a bona fide resident of the U.S. Virgin Islands (Virgin Islands) 
for all years at issue (i.e., 2002, 2003, and 2004). Petitioner (i) filed territorial income tax 
returns with the Virgin Islands Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) for 2002, 2003, and 2004 
pursuant to section 932(c)(2), and (ii) claimed he qualified for the gross income exclusion 
provided by section 932(c)(4) and therefore did not have to file Federal income tax returns or 
pay Federal income taxes for such years. The BIR audited petitioner's Virgin Islands territorial 
income tax returns for 2002, 2003, and 2004, and proposed no adjustments. 
Respondent subsequently audited petitioner's 2002, 2003, and 2004 Virgin Islands territorial 
income tax returns and on November 25, 2009, issued petitioner a notice of deficiency, 
determining the following Federal income tax deficiencies and additions to tax: 
Additions to Tax 
Year 
Deficiency 
Sec. 6651(a)(1) 
Sec. 6651(a)(2) 
Sec. 6654 
2002 
$283,555 
$35,563.73 
$39,515.25 
$9,045.50 
2003 
789,518 
147,943.58 
164,381.75 
20,370,53 
2004 
280,241 
56,728.35 
63,031.50 
8,030.86 
On April 1, 2010, petitioner filed a petition in this Court for redetermination of the deficiencies 
and additions to tax determined by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), asserting, inter alia, 
that the period of limitations for assessing tax had expired. On May 26, 2010, respondent filed 
an answer to the petition asserting, inter alia, that the period of limitations for assessing tax 
was still open. On June 18, 2010, movant filed Its motion to intervene. 
I. The Virgin Islands 
Although part of the United States, the Virgin Islands are a separate and distinct taxing 
jurisdiction. Congress established the "mirror tax system" as the tax law of the Virgin Islands. 
Act of July 12, 1921, ch. 44, sec. 1, 42 Stat. 122 (codified as amended at 48 U.S.C. sec. 1397 
(2006)). Under the mirror tax system, the Virgin Islands uses the Internal Revenue Code with 
"Virgin Islands" effectively substituted for any reference to the "United States" (and vice 
versa). See Danbury, Inc. v. Olive 820 F.2d 618, 620 (3d Cir. 1987). As the law developed, 
the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code have been made applicable to the Virgin Islands 
so long as the specific section to be applied is "'not manifestly inapplicable or incompatible' 
with a separate territorial income tax." Chi. Bridge & Iron Co. v. Wheatley, 430 F.2d 973, 976 
(3d Cir. 1970) (quoting 48 U.S.C. sec. 1421i(d)(1) (1964)). 
The provisions applicable for 2002, 2003, and 2004, under which individuals file income tax 
returns and pay tax in the Virgin Islands, were enacted as part of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, 
Pub. L. 99-514, sec. 1274(a), 100 Stat. 2596, and amended in the Technical and 
Miscellaneous Revenue Act of 1988, Pub. L. 100-647, sec 1012(w), 102 Stat. 3530. Virgin 
Islands residents were generally exempted from Federal income tax obligations if they met 
the requirements of section 932(c)(4): 
umber/2010+TNT+211-12?OpenDocum... 11/3/2010 
EFTA00730482
--- PAGE 5 ---
Tax Notes Today: 2010 TNT 211-12 - Court Opinions 
Page S of 11 
(4) Residents of the Virgin Islands. -- In the case of an individual --
(A) who is a bona fide resident of the Virgin Islands at the close of the taxable year, 
(B) who, on his return of income tax to the Virgin Islands, reports income from all 
sources and identifies the source of each item shown on such return, and 
(C) who fully pays his tax liability referred to in section 934(a) to the Virgin Islands with 
respect to such income, 
for purposes of calculating income tax liability to the United States, gross income shall not 
include any amount included in gross income on such return, and allocable deductions 
and credits shall not be taken into account) 
Thus, an individual who satisfied the three requirements of section 932(c)(4) and incurred 
income tax obligations to both the United States and the Virgin Islands could satisfy his 
reporting and payment requirements by filing only with, and paying tax only to, the Virgin 
Islands. If the individual failed to meet any of these requirements, he was required to file a 
Federal income tax return with the IRS. See S. Rept. 100-445, at 315 (1988). Consequently, 
an individual failing to satisfy any of the three requirements of section 932(c)(4) could be 
required to file an income tax return and be liable for taxes in both the United States and the 
Virgin Islands. 
II. The Virgin Islands Economic Development Program 
To encourage economic development in the Virgin Islands, Congress has explicitly permitted 
the Virgin Islands government to reduce certain taxes. Section 934(b)(1) provides that the 
Virgin Islands may reduce taxes on "income derived from sources within the Virgin Islands or 
income effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the Virgin 
Islands." 
Pursuant to this grant of authority, the Virgin Islands government enacted several investment 
incentives, including the Virgin Islands Industrial Development Program (referred to by the 
parties as the economic development program or EDP), currently codified at V.I. Code Ann. 
tit. 29, secs. 701-726 (1998 & Supp. 2010). Intended to promote growth and the development 
and diversification of the Virgin Islands' economy, the EDP granted certain industrial 
development benefits to companies that do business in the Virgin Islands. See V.I. Code Ann. 
tit. 29, sec. 701 (1998). Qualifying companies receive substantial benefits including: A 90-
percent exemption on local income taxes, a 90percent exemption on the taxation of 
dividends, and a 100-percent exemption on gross receipts taxes. 
III. Respondent's Notice of Deficiency 
Attached to respondent's notice of deficiency was a Form 4549-A, Income Tax Discrepancy 
Adjustments, which set forth the basis for the income tax deficiencies and additions to tax. 
Although respondent acknowledged that petitioner was a resident of the Virgin Islands at the 
Number/2010+IN'f+211-12?OpenDocum... 11/3/2010 
EFTA00730483
--- PAGE 6 ---
Tax Notes Today: 2010 TNT 211-12 - Court Opinions 
Page 6 of 11 
close of 2002, 2003, and 2004 (thus meeting the first requirement of section 932(c)(4)), Form 
4549-A stated: 
You do not, however, qualify for the gross income exclusion under section 932(c)(4) of the 
Internal Revenue Code (I.R.C.) for any of those taxable years. During each of the taxable 
years 2002, 2003, and 2004, you actively participated in an arrangement that lacks 
economic purpose and economic substance that was created to improperly claim a 90% 
credit against your income tax liabilities in a scheme similar to those described in Notice 
2004-45 Meritless Position Based on Sections 932(c)(4) and 934(b), resulting in your 
failure to properly report and identify the source of each item of income shown on the 
return of income tax you filed with the USVI for each of those years. 
Notice 2004-45, 2004-2 C.B. 33, was issued to advise taxpayers that the IRS intended to 
challenge "highly questionable, and in most cases meatless, positions" of certain U.S. citizens 
who claim to be residents of the Virgin Islands in order to claim substantial tax benefits 
(including the above referenced 90-percent income tax credit) of the Virgin Islands EDP. 
Respondent asserts that since petitioner did not satisfy the second and third requirements of 
section 932(c)(4), petitioner was required to file Federal income tax returns in 2002, 2003, 
and 2004 and pay any tax reported thereon. Because petitioner did not file Federal income 
tax returns for 2002, 2003, and 2004, respondent asserts that the 3-year period of limitations 
on assessment provided by section 6501(a) has not yet begun to run. Thus, according to 
respondent, petitioner's 2002, 2003, and 2004 tax years remain open. 
Petitioner, in contrast, asserts that the section 6501(a) period of limitations for assessing 
Federal taxes began to run when he filed his Virgin Islands territorial income tax returns with 
the BIR. Petitioner never agreed to an extension of the period of limitations as provided in 
section 6501(c)(4). Thus, petitioner argues, the period of limitations on assessment has 
expired. 
Movant agrees with petitioner with respect to the expiration of the section 6501(a) period of 
limitations on the assessment of Federal taxes. Movant maintains that respondent's position 
threatens the Virgin Islands' taxing autonomy and fiscal sovereignty and significantly impairs 
the BIR's ability to administer the tax law of the Virgin Islands. Movant thus seeks to intervene 
for the purpose of protecting its rights and interests regarding the period of limitations issue. 
DISCUSSION 
The sole issue before us is whether movant may intervene in this matter.2 In general, our 
Rules do not provide for third-party intervention.3 In the absence of an express Rule, Rule 1 
(b) provides that the Court "may prescribe the procedure, giving particular weight to the 
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to the extent that they are suitably adaptable to govern the 
matter at hand." See Intermountain Ins. Servs. of Vail, L.L.C. v. Commissioner, 134 T.C. 
, 
(2010) (slip op. at 8); Estate of Proctor v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1994-208. 
Movant relies on rule 24 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (Fed. R. Civ. P.) which 
governs third-party intervention in much of the Federal court system. Movant asserts that it is 
Number/2010 I-INT+211-12?OpenDocum... 11/3/2010 
EFTA00730484
--- PAGE 7 ---
Tax Notes Today: 2010 TNT 211-12 - Court Opinions 
• Page 7 of 11 
entitled to intervene as a matter of right under Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(a)(2) as well as under the 
permissive intervention rules of Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(b)(2). Movant indicates that if permitted to 
intervene, it will file a motion for summary judgment asserting that respondent is time barred 
from assessing deficiencies under section 6501(a) with respect to petitioner's 2002, 2003, 
and 2004 tax years. 
I. Intervention Under Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(a)(2) 
Movant first argues that it should be permitted to intervene as a matter of right pursuant to 
Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(a)(2), which provides that a court must permit anyone to intervene who: 
(2) claims an interest relating to the property or transaction that is the subject of the 
action, and is so situated that disposing of the action may as a practical matter impair or 
impede the movant's ability to protect its interest, unless existing parties adequately 
represent that interest. 
A review of this Court's jurisprudence reveals that the Court has never recognized 
intervention of a third party as a matter of right pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(a)(2). Because 
we find that movant has not satisfied the requirements of Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(a)(2), we need 
not and do not decide herein whether Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(a)(2) applies to proceedings in this 
Court. 
To intervene pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(a)(2), the proposed intervenor must: (1) Timely 
file an application, (2) show an interest in the litigation, (3) demonstrate that the interest may 
be impaired by the disposition of the action, and (4) show that the intere 
• 
ot adequately 
protected by the parties to the action. See Kaliski v. Bacot (In re Bank of li 
. Derivative 
Mg.), 320 F.3d 291, 300 (2d Cir. 2003); Kleissler v. U.S. Forest Serv., 1 
.3d 964, 969 (3d 
Cir. 1998). The Supreme Court has held that Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(a)(2) requires a "significantly 
protectable interest." Donaldson v. United States, 400 U.S. 517, 531 (1971). Specifically, the 
intervenor's interest must be "direct, substantial, and legally protectable." Wash. Elec. Coop., 
Inc. v. Mass. Mun. Wholesale Elec. Co., 922 F.2d 92, 97 (2d Cir. 1990); see New Orleans 
Pub. Serv.. Inc. v. United Gas Pipe Line Co. 732 F.2d 452, 464 (5th Cir. 1984) (en banc). 
An economic interest in the outcome of the litigation standing alone is not sufficient to support 
a motion to intervene. Mountain Top Condo. Association v. Dave Stabbed Master Builder, 
Inc 72 F.3d 361, 366 (3d Cir. 1995); see, e.g., United States v. Alcan Aluminum. Inc. 25 
F.3d 1174, 1185 (3d Cir. 1994) ("Some courts have stated a purely economic interest is 
insufficient to support a motion to intervene."); New Orleans Pub. Sent. Inc. v. United Gas 
Pipeline Co., supra at 464 ("it is plain that something more than an economic interest is 
necessary."). Moreover, "An interest that is remote from the subject matter of the proceeding, 
or that is contingent upon the occurrence of a sequence of events before it becomes 
colorable, will not satisfy the rule." Wash. Elec. Coop., Inc. v. Mass. Mun. Wholesale Elec. 
Co. supra at 97; see also Kleissler v. U.S. Forest Serv., supra at 972 ("Nonetheless, the 
polestar for evaluating a claim for intervention is always whether the proposed intervenor's 
interest is direct or remote."). The determination as to whether the proposed intervenor's 
interest is sufficient to satisfy the "direct, substantial, and legally protectable" requirement is 
made on the basis of an examination of all the facts and circumstances present in the matter. 
http://services.taxanalysts.com/taxbase/Int3.nsf/(Number/2010 ITNT+211-12?Open Docum... 11/3/2010 
EFTA00730485
--- PAGE 8 ---
Tax Notes Today: 2010 TNT 211-12 - Court Opinions 
Page 8 of 11 
See Cascade Natural Gas Corp. v. El Paso Natural Gas Co., 386 U.S. 129, 133-134 (1967); 
Kleissler v. U.S. Forest Serv., supra at 970. 
Movant maintains that it has the requisite interest to intervene as a matter of right, asserting 
that respondent's determination both impinges on its sovereign authority to administer its own 
tax laws through the BIR and undermines movant's economic policies. Movant further asserts 
that respondent's position that the period of limitations on assessment of income taxes 
provided In section 6501(a) remains open for petitioner (and other similarly situated 
taxpayers) has caused a number of companies to leave the Virgin Islands, has undermined 
its economic development program, and has adversely impacted movant's tax revenues. We 
do not subscribe to this argument. 
Resolution of the 3-year period of limitations issue will not undermine movant's taxing 
authority or discourage legitimate economic development in the Virgin Islands pursuant to 
movant's EDP. Regardless of the outcome of the 3-year period of limitations issue, movant 
will still retain the authority to offer and administer its economic development program. 
Movant's assertions relate to movant's economic interest (specifically the Virgin Islands' 
business climate) in the outcome of the litigation between petitioner and respondent; and as 
previously noted supra p. 11, an economic interest is not sufficient to permit intervention. 
Moreover, movant's interest in this proceeding (1) is remote from the subject matter of the 
controversy between petitioner and respondent (i.e., petitioner's participation in an activity 
which respondent alleges lacks economic purpose and economic substance), and (2) will be 
impaired and colorable only upon the occurrence of a sequence of events. See Wash. Elec. 
Coop., Inc. v. Mass. Mun. Wholesale Elec. Co. supra at 97. Hence, movant's interest does 
not satisfy the direct, substantial, and legally protectable requirements of Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(a) 
(2). See Wash. Elec. Coop., Inc. v. Mass. Mun. Wholesale Elec. Co., supra at 97. 
II. Intervention Under Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(b)(2) 
Alternatively, movant asserts it should be allowed to intervene pursuant to the permissive 
intervention rules of Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(b)(2), whereby a Federal or State government officer 
or agency may be permitted to intervene if a party to the litigation's claim or defense is based 
on: "(A) a statute or executive order administered by the officer or agency; or (B) any 
regulation, order, requirements, or agreement issued or made under the statute or executive 
order." Movant posits that petitioner's case centers on sections 932(c) and 934(b), which 
under the mirror tax system are administered by the BIR. Movant argues that if its request to 
intervene is granted, the filing of a motion for summary judgment will not delay or obstruct the 
adjudication of the matter in this Court. Assuming arguendo that movant falls within.
paragraph (A) or (B) of Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(b)(2), movant has neither demonstrated that its 
participation as a party is necessary to advocate for an unaddressed issue nor shown that its 
intervention will not delay the resolution of this matter. 
Intervention pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(b) is left to the discretion of the Court. In Estate of 
Proctor v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1994-208, we stated: 
Under rule 24(b) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (rule 24(b)) a trial court has 
discretion to permit intervention by third parties. Rule 24(b) also permits the trial court to 
(Number/2010+TNT*211-12?Openllocum... 11/3/2010 
EFTA00730486
--- PAGE 9 ---
Tax Notes Today: 2010 TNT 211-12 - Court Opinions 
Page 9 of 11 
restrict the scope of intervention by third parties and to condition such intervention in any 
manner it believes is necessary for the efficient conduct of the proceedings. Wright et al., 
Federal Practice and Procedure: Civil 2d, secs. 1913, 1922 (1986 & Supp. 1993). Federal 
courts generally consider the following factors when deciding whether to grant a party's 
motion to intervene: (1) Whether the presence of a third party in the proceeding will 
prejudice the original parties; (2) whether allowing intervention by a third party will unduly 
delay the adjudication; (3) whether the moving party is or may become a party to another 
proceeding in which the moving party's rights will be determined; or (4) whether there is 
some other adequate remedy available to the moving party. Wright et al., supra sec. 
1913, at 379-388. Generally, once the court permits a third party to intervene in the 
proceeding, the intervenor is treated as an original party and has equal standing with the 
original parties, subject to any of the conditions the court may impose. See Ross v. 
Bernhard, 396 U.S. 531, 541 n.15 (1970). 
Like other Federal courts, this Court may permit intervention where the ends of justice so 
require. Id.; see Commissioner v. Revere Land Co., 169 F.2d 469, 479 (3d Cir. 1948), revg. 7 
T.C. 1061 (1946); see also Sampson v. Commissioner, 710 F.2d 262 (6th Cir. 1983) (Tax 
Court has power to permit, in its discretion, intervention by persons or entities who have not 
been served with a notice of deficiency). 
In its reply to respondent's objection, movant states: "the V.I. Government merely seeks this 
Court's interpretation of Section 6501(a) as it applies to USVI residents who filed, in good 
faith, a return with the Bureau" and that that this determination may be made via a motion for 
summary judgment. Movant takes the position that the filing of a territorial income tax return 
with the BIR by a resident of the Virgin Islands triggers the running of the period of limitations 
for both Virgin Islands and U.S. tax return filing purposes. 
Petitioner, who is represented by counsel, has made the expiration of the section 6501(a) 
period of limitations a cornerstone of his case. In his petition, petitioner alleges that he 
properly and timely filed his 2002, 2003, and 2004 Virgin Islands territorial income tax returns 
with the BIR (a statement movant concurs in), that the BIR informed the IRS of petitioner's 
return information pursuant to information sharing agreements between the two agencies, 
and that the IRS' examination of petitioner's 2002, 2003, and 2004 tax years commenced well 
before the expiration of the period of limitations. The petition states: "The Commissioner 
spent several years examining Petitioner's 2002 through 2004 taxable years, including 
significant amounts of time with little or no examination activity, and never requested an 
extension of the statutes of limitations for any of these years." Further, the petition states: 
"The statute of limitations under I.R.C. § 6501 for the 2002, 2003 and 2004 taxable years had 
expired well prior to the time the Commissioner issued his Statutory Notice of Deficiency on 
November 25, 2009." 
Petitioner has raised the period of limitations issue, and we presume the matter will be fully 
vetted during the normal course of these proceedings. For movant to participate in this case 
as a party solely to make an argument that petitioner has already identified as a matter 
central to his case would Introduce a redundancy into the proceedings. 
Adjudication of the period of limitations issue may require us to make factual determinations. 
Were we to grant the motion to intervene, movant would become a party to the proceeding in 
(N umber/2010 aNT+211-12?Openllocu m... 11/3/2010 
EFTA00730487
--- PAGE 10 ---
Tax Notes Today: 2010 TNT 211-12 - Court Opinions 
Page 10 of 11 
this Court and have the right to introduce documentary evidence, call its own witnesses, and 
cross-examine witnesses of the other parties. Such participation, as a practical matter, could 
result in trial complications as well as delay the resolution of the issue in which movant 
asserts an interest.4 Consequently, we shall deny movant's motion to intervene. 
There is, however, another remedy (i.e., the filing of an amicus curaie brief) available to 
movant through which it may adequately represent its interest in the outcome of this case. 
Thus, as an alternative to intervention, we will permit movant to file an amicus curiae brief in 
order to enable us to view the matter from its perspective. 
An appropriate order will be issued. 
FOOTNOTES 
Sec. 932(c)(4)(A) was amended by the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, Pub. L. 108-
357, sec. 908(c)(2), 118 Stat. 1656. The amendment, which is effective for tax years ending 
after Oct. 22,2004, changed "at the close of the taxable year" to "during the entire taxable 
year". 
In Cincinnati Transit. Inc. v. Commissioner, 55 T.C. 879 (1971), affd. 455 F.2d 220 (6th Cir. 
1972), we held that a third party to whom a notice of deficiency had not been issued may not 
join in the proceeding as a party petitioner. However, we recognized there "is a sound 
distinction between permitting a third party to 'intervene' or file an amicus brief to protect its 
interests, which we think would be discretionary at best under these circumstances, and 
permitting a party to join as a party petitioner in a proceeding to redetermine someone else's 
tax liability." Id. at 883. 
There are limited exceptions for third-party intervention, namely: (1) Rule 216(a), permitting 
intervention by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and/or the Secretary of Labor in 
certain retirement plan actions; (2) Rule 225, permitting interventions in actions with respect 
to sec. 6110 written determinations open to public inspection; (3) Rule 245(a), permitting 
intervention by tax matters partners in actions for readjustment of partnership items brought 
by another partner or partners; and (4) Rule 325(b), permitting intervention by the nonelecting 
spouse with respect to claims for relief from spousal joint and several liability. 
In its supplement to the reply to respondent's objection to movant's motion to intervene, 
movant cites Karr v. Castle, 768 F. Supp. 1087 (D. Del. 1991), to support its position. That 
case involved the filing of a civil rights action by Karr, a former Delaware National Guard 
member, against Castle, the governor of the State of Delaware, and various Delaware Army 
National Guard officers challenging the constitutionality of Karr's involuntary separation from 
military service. At issue was the validity of a National Guard Bureau regulation governing 
separation from service (i.e., whether the regulation failed to provide Karr with sufficient 
procedural due process). The United States moved to intervene in order to defend the 
constitutionality of the regulation inasmuch as the regulation was promulgated by the National 
Guard Bureau, a joint bureau of the U.S. Department of the Army and the U.S. Department of 
the Air Force. The United States asserted that its interest would, as a practical matter, be 
impaired by prosecution of Karr's lawsuit because of the potential stare decisis effect on 
umber/2010+TNT+211-1T/OpenDocum... 11/3/2010 
EFTA00730488
--- PAGE 11 ---
Tax Notes Today: 2010 TNT 211-12 - Court Opinions 
Page I1 of 11 
future challenges to the regulations (i.e., declaring the regulations invalid would have a 
widespread effect upon the National Guard of the several States). 
The court denied the United States' motion to intervene as of right pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 
24(a)(2), but granted permissive intervention under Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(b). The court found the 
validity of the regulation in question sufficient to give the United States an intent in common 
with the litigation. In so holding, the court found that intervention by the United States would 
"not unduly delay or prejudice the adjudication of the rights of the original parties". 
END OF FOOTNOTES 
Tax Analysts Information 
Code Sections: Section 932 -- U.S.-Virgin Islands Tax Rules 
Section 6651 -- Failure to File or Pay 
Section 934 -- Virgin Islands Tax Reductions 
Jurisdictions: United States; Virgin Islands 
Subject Areas: Harmonization of taxes 
Individual income taxation 
Jurisdiction to tax 
Author: Jacobs, Julian I. 
Institutional Author: United States Tax Court 
Tax Analysts Document Number: Doc 2010-23601 7] 
Tax Analysts Electronic Citation: 2010 TNT 211-12 
Tax Analysts (2010) 
tmber/20101TNT 211-12?OpenDocum... 11/3/2010 
EFTA00730489

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730490.pdf
----------------------------------------
Team Capabilities 
SILVERSTONE 
Guggenheim Partners LLC 
• Global financial services firm with $100 billion in assets under supervision and 
more than 1,000 employees 
• Global offices in over 20 cities, including New York, London, Dubai, Hong 
Kong, Geneva, Mumbai, Singapore, and Dublin 
• Provider of investment management services and products, investment advisory 
services, and investment banking and capital markets services 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
• New York-based merchant banking company founded in 1991 by David Mitchell, 
who has over 27 years of real estate investment, finance, and mergers & 
acquisitions experience 
• Developer of Las Vegas Civic Center, including new City Hall, Regional 
Transportation Center, and over 1 million square feet of office and retail space 
• Developer of Soho Beach House in Miami, FL 
• Mr. Mitchell has served as an officer and/or director of the following public 
companies: Rodman & Renshaw, Holmes Protection Group, Bogen 
Communications International, Kellstrom Industries, Moto Guzzi, Bion 
Environmental Technology, and Fortress International Group 
Lincoln Equities Group LLC 
• Industry-leading US based full-service real estate company that owns, operates, 
develops, and manages commercial and residential properties for its own account 
and for third-party owners 
• Completed over 25 acquisitions and dispositions totaling $1.4 billion of deal 
volume in the United States and Europe 
• Commercial real estate portfolio comprising more than 4 million square feet of 
Class A office space and commercial facilities in US 
• Expansive European investment program with a market value of over $400 
million 
EFTA00730490

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730491.pdf
----------------------------------------
Telecommunications Executive Summary: 
LSJ Costs 
We have reached out to several Internet service providers for quotes of converged IP data and 
telephony services and have determined that there are no offerings for converged services at this time. 
In the near term, there will remain a dependency on the underwater fiber cable for telephone service. 
Fiber optics provides 3.0Gbps bandwidth and will easily support any services delivered to Caprita Point. 
While it is currently in a non-functioning state, the following provides itemized costs for its inspection 
and repair; as well as infrastructure upgrades required to facilitate the laundry room construction 
currently in progress on LSJ. A new telephony system is required for LSJ in order to replace the Nortel 
system struck by lightning earlier this year. 
1. Fiber Optic Cable Needs: 
a. Examine and Test existing under-sea cable 
$4200.00 
i. Completed: fiber determined to be in working order 
b. Repair broken Splices; Terminate in new mechanical building 
$14,800.00 
i. Scheduled for week of 2/16/209 
c. Install cabling to migrate data services to mech building 
$5500.00 
2. 
New Equipment in Mechanical Building: 
a. Terminate multimode fiber at all locations on LSJ 
$29200.00 
3. Install and configure new VoIP system and handsets for island 
a. Upgrade network switches for redundant fiber infrastructure 
$12210.00 
b. Install and Configure VoIP phone solution 
$36065.00 
c. Travel Expense 
$7931.28 
i. This itemized list is provided as a complete package in the Val-Comm Quote. 
4. 
TOTAL: 
$110,000.00 
Once complete, we will have a redundant data switched network with quality VolP services. This model 
can easily be applied to most of our locations by upgrading data switches (optional in some instances) 
and purchasing the VolP system hardware and handsets. The networking equipment to which we are 
upgrading provide firewalling, routing and other services making future migrations to converged 
telephone and data services seamless. 
Following the quotes are proposals from Choice Communications and Sprint for increased Internet 
bandwidth. Choice is offering two packages of uncommitted (best effort) bandwidth at 10Mbps and 
20Mbps. The Choice solution would require power and development of a site capable of supporting a 
dish with approximately a two foot diameter. Total MRC for 10Mbps is $7500; $12,500 for the 20Mbps 
service. 
Sprint would be increasing their existing capacity at Caprita point. The quotes are for guaranteed 
bandwidth of 3Mbps (double existing) and 6Mbps (quadruple existing) access speeds. Sprint would be 
installing 1 or 3 additional Tis and bonding them. Once the fiber work is completed, we will be capable 
of supporting this increase without additional costs. Sprint's MRC for the 3Mbps is $2800 and $5500 for 
the 6Mbps. 
EFTA00730491
--- PAGE 2 ---
FTC Costs: 
Financial Trust Corporation has an outdated telephony solution incapable of basic services including 
voice mail. I've retained a quote from ValComm to upgrade FTCs telephony infrastructure to the same 
equipment that would be installed at LSJ. There are small costs required to complete a wiring upgrade 
that was not finished at FTC. 
1. Terminate existing Cat6 infrastructure and install wall faceplates. 
$2500.00 
2. Install and configure Adtran VoIP Solution 
$23450.00 
3. Travel and accommodations from NM (approximate) 
a. Items 2 and 3 are combined in the ValComm Quote for FTC. 
$7931.28 
4. TOTAL 
$33881.28 
Zorro: 
Our existing infrastructure for voice and data at Zorro ranch is failing in 
several ways. The phone switch at Ranch Central has completely failed and it is 
becoming increasingly difficult to find replacement parts for the Vodavi phone 
switch at the Main House. Furthermore, call quality using the analog handsets 
that remain operational is extremely poor. Also, the existing copper wire that 
was buried to provide service to this phone switch has deteriorated such that it 
is unable to provide dial tone for all the phones in the house. 
Val-Comms attached proposal includes upgrading the existing unlicensed link from 
Sandia Crest to the main house to a licensed link. The licensed link will 
provide additional security and a smaller beam width providing increased 
performance. The devices also provide the ability to bundle up to 4 Tls or a 
single Gigabit Ethernet port for future bandwidth increases or service changes. 
Included in the price is the purchase of a new Netvanta VoIP phone switch. This 
device will provide us a versatile phone system using the wireless infrastructure 
within the ranch for telephone calls. Service to the Public Switched Telephone 
Network (PSTN) will be accomplished by connecting our existing voice connection 
to the Netvanta switch. 
The total cost for the project is $88,000 and does not include the cost for wireless licenses. Wireless 
licenses are an initial cost of approximately $3000 and requires a filing fee every decade (^'$500). 
1. Install and configure new VoIP phone switch and handsets at main house 
$23,720.85 
2. Install UPS equipment and Wireless coverage where services enter at HVAC 
$8,275.75 
3. Install and configure wireless bridge and power conditioning at Ranch Central $8,801.10 
4. Deliver telephone services to the Lodge 
$4,358.88 
5. Upgrade equipment to support additional services and licensed link from SC $27,870.00 
6. Labor 
$14,000.00 
EFTA00730492

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730493.pdf
----------------------------------------
Flat 1, 49 Onsloss Gardens 
Telephone: 
Email: 
INVOICE 
TO: Profile 
c/o 
London 
REF: TO001 
2i15 November 2009 
Date 
Description 
Cost £ 
Weekly rental of room to 
04/11/09
Weeks 
15(1 
week 
£450
and 25/11/09 
per 
Total 
£450.00 
INVOICE TOTAL 
£400.00 
For BACS payment: 
Thandi Ojeer 
Lloyds TSB 
Account No:
Sort Code: 
EFTA00730493

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730494.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730494.pdf
----------------------------------------
PPR-30-2009 10.1E3A FAttl:DR *CMS MOWN' 
2123979308 
G-R.ILA 
Thomas J. Magnani D.D.S. 
(71
, 17\ 
Alvin Grayson D.D.S. 
West 51st Street 
7th Floor 
1f .
et4 
New York NY 10019 
Jeff Epstein 
Ilibe 
St Thomas Virgin Islands 00802 
10:16467067223 
P.1. 1 
Telephone: (212) 688-1090 
IS piratical& wine re WORE yours pre btu rattan stn. arc 
fair Mew 
Toacterel 
to 
Aran 
Cr IP 
 Dot° 
suture 
 yon 
Date 
413012009 
Account 
9118 
Remittance
OrPORTANT. PLEASE MICH UPPER MEW NC Paula vaTNYOUR REPARTANCE TORSUTtE CREW TO PROPER ACCO IRA 
Date 
Patient 
Description 
Charges 
Credits 
Balance 
Previous Balance 
0.00 
4/21/2009 
Andrea 
Comprehensive Oral eval 
50.00 
50.00 
4/21/2009 
Andrea 
FMS with Bite wings 
175.00 
225.00 
4/21/2009 
Andrea 
Bite Wings 4 Films 
65.00 
290.O0 
4/2112009 
Andrea 
Adult Scale 8 Prophy 
160.00 
450.00 
4/2112009 Andrea 
Fluorid 
12.00 
462.00 
4/22/2009 
Andrea 
AMERICAN EXPRESS 
462.00 
0.00 
4/29/2009 
Andrea 
Periaplcal X Ray 
25.00 
25.00 
4/29/2009 
Andrea 
Amalgam 4+ Surface Perm. 
425.00 
450.00 
4/29/2009 
Andrea 
Amalgam 4+ Surface Perm. 
425.00 
875.00 
Account Total 
876.00 
Wo accept credit cards. You may complete and return the top part of 
this statement, or call the office at 212-888.1090. 
Current 
Dayc 
Dayc 
Dayc 
120+ Days 
875.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
hOrn.vs J. tagnanl D D.S. 
Alvin Grayson D. D.S. 
Vint Slit Street 
7111 ROW 
New York NY 10019 
EFTA00730494

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730495.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 1 of 65 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
MIDDLE DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
TAMPA DIVISION 
JULIE AMANDA TILTON 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
CASE NO.: 8:05-cv-692-T-30TGW 
AMENDED COMPLAINT 
DEMAND FOR JURY TRIAL 
PLAYBOY ENTERTAINMENT GROUP, INC.; 
PLAYBOY ENTERPRISES, INC.; 
PLAYBOY ENTERPRISES INTERNATIONAL, INC.; 
PLAYBOY.COM, INC.; 
PLAYBOY TV INTERNATIONAL, LLC; 
LINCOLNWOOD MOTION PICTURES, LLC; 
NEW CITY RELEASING, INC.; 
IMAGE ENTERTAINMENT, INC.; 
MODERN ENTERTAINMENT LTD.; 
TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORP.; 
BEST BUY COMPANY, INC.; 
DESLIN HOTELS, INC.; 
IRENE L DEVLIN; 
DENNIS B. DEVLIN; 
PAUL A. PREWITT; 
FLORIDA FILM & PHOTO, INC.; 
GOLDRUSH DISC JOCKEYS, INC.; 
DAVID L. BARTON; 
BV & BK PRODUCTIONS, LLLP; 
CHAD W. CIANI; 
MICHAEL WEITZ; 
JASON MASKELL; 
iN-DEMAND L.L.C.; 
TIME WARNER ENTERTAINMENT - 
ADVANCE/NEWHOUSE PARTNERSHIP; and 
COX COMMUNICATIONS, INC.; 
Defendants. 
AMENDED COMPLAINT 
The Plaintiff, Julie Amanda Tilton (the - Plaintiff), hereby sues the defendants identified 
herein and allege as follows: 
30983.33002.249457 
EFTA00730495
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/262006 
Page 2 of 65 
The Parities 
1. 
Plaintiff is a citizen of Florida. 
2. 
Defendant Deslin Hotels, Inc. ("Deslin") is a Florida corporation and owns and 
operates a 250-room motel and conference center known as the Desert Inn Resort Motel a/k/a the 
Desert Inn Resort & Suites Convention Complex (the "Desert Inn") in Daytona Beach, Florida. 
3. 
Defendants Irene L. Devlin and Dennis B. Devlin (the "Devlins") are citizens of 
Florida. The Devlins own Deslin and manage the day-to-day operations of the Desert Inn. 
4. 
Defendant Goldrush Disc Jockeys, Inc. ("Goldrush") is a Florida corporation and 
operates as an entertainment company and provides various entertainment-related services, such 
as deejays, photography, videography, and limousine services. 
5. 
Defendant David L. Barton a/k/a DJ Dave ("Barton") is a citizen of Florida. At 
all material times, Barton was an employee, officer and authorized agent of Goldrush. 
6. 
Defendant Florida Film & Photo, Inc. ("FFPI") is a dissolved Florida corporation. 
Before its dissolution, FFPI offered and sold various photography and video-related services. 
Florida Film & Photo continues to operate as an unincorporated business entity and commercial 
alter-ego of defendant Paul A. Prewitt. 
7. 
Defendant Paul A. Prewitt ("Prewitt") is a citizen of Florida. At all relevant 
times, Prewitt was the owner, employee or agent of FFPI. 
8. 
Defendant BV & BK Productions, LLLP f/k/a BV & BK Productions, LLP ("By 
& BK") is a Florida limited partnership. BV & BK owns and operates several voyeuristic and 
sexually-explicit websites, including www.bikinivoyeur.com www.bv4free.com www.wett-
shirt.tv and www.aysimperium.com, all of which displayed sexually-explicit images and video of 
the Plaintiff. 
9. 
Defendant Chad W. Ciani a/k/a Bikinivoyeurman ("Ciani") is a citizen of Florida. 
EFTA00730496
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 3 of 65 
10. 
Defendant Michael Weitz ("Weitz") is a citizen of Florida. 
II. 
Defendant Jason Maskell a/k/a "Backov" ("Maskell") is Canadian national 
conducting business in Florida. 
12. 
Defendant Lincolnwood Motion Pictures, L.L.C. ("Lincolnwood") is a California 
limited liability company conducting business in Florida. Lincolnwood is a copyright holder and 
producer of video productions, including Playboy Exposed: All American Girls and Playboy 
Exposed: Spring Break — Greatest Moments. 
13. 
Defendant New City Releasing, Inc. ("New City") is a California corporation 
conducting business in Florida. New City is an entertainment company that specializes in the 
production and distribution of motion pictures, direct-to-video and pay-per-view programming 
content and is a copyright holder and producer of video productions, including Playboy Exposed: 
Spring Break — Best Of and Girls Gone Crazy: Spring Break. 
14. 
Defendant Playboy Enterprises, Inc. ("PEI") is a Delaware corporation 
conducting business in Florida. 
PEI is the publisher of Playboy magazine and sells, 
manufactures and distributes various adult-oriented products. PEI owns, controls and operates a 
series of adult-oriented websites on the Internet. 
15. 
Defendant Playboy Enterprises International, Inc. ("PEII") is a Delaware 
corporation conducting business in Florida. PEI is the owner and licensor of certain trademarks, 
including the Playboy name and famous Playboy "rabbit-head" design. PEII is responsible for 
"branding" of Playboy products worldwide and branding of Playboy TV programming content to 
international satellite and cable TV systems and worldwide adult home video markets. 
16. 
Defendant Playboy Entertainment Group, Inc. ("PEGI") is a Delaware 
corporation conducting business in Florida. PEGI is an adult-oriented video programming 
content provider and a primary and secondary producer of such programming. PEGI operates 
EFTA00730497
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 4 of 65 
several television networks including, but not limited to, Playboy TV, which is available to more 
than 50 million households in the United States. 
17. 
Defendant Playboy.Com, Inc. ("Playboy.Com") is a Delaware corporation 
conducting business in Florida. 
Playboy.Com is an adult-oriented Internet entertainment 
company, operating various Internet websites that advertise, offer for sale and promote adult-
oriented video programs and products, including those of PEGI and PEI. 
18. 
Defendant Playboy TV International, LLC ("PTVr) is a Delaware limited 
liability company conducting business in Florida. PTVI develops, sells, licenses and operates 
adult-oriented, sexually-explicit television networks in Europe, Asia and other places around the 
world. 
(Defendants PEI, PEII, PEGI, PTVI and Playboy.Com shall be referred to herein 
collectively as the "Playboy Defendants"). 
20. 
Defendant Image Entertainment, Inc. ("Image") is a California corporation 
conducting business in Florida. Image is a domestic distributor of PEGI home video VHS 
and DVD products to retail outlets in the United States. 
21. 
Defendant Modern Entertainment, Ltd. ("MEL") is a Delaware corporation 
conducting business in Florida. MEL is a worldwide media and broadcasting conglomerate 
and distributes adult-oriented films to Russia, Scandinavia and other parts of the world. 
MEL is also a distributor of PEGI home video products to Hong Kong and other parts of the 
Far East. 
22. 
Defendant Trans World Entertainment Corporation ("Trans World") is a New 
York corporation conducting business in Florida and operates over 600 retail stores in the 
United States under names such as Spec's Music & Movies, Fye and Wherehouse Music. 
Trans World sells PEGI home video products at retail. 
EFTA00730498
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 5 of 65 
23. 
Defendant Best Buy Company, Inc. ("Best Buy") is a Minnesota corporation 
conducting business in Florida. Best Buy operates over 1,600 retail stores throughout the 
United States and Canada. Best Buy sells PEGI home video products at retail. 
24. 
Defendant iN-DEMAND L.L.C. ("iN-DEMAND") is a New York limited 
liability company conducting business in Florida. iN-DEMAND operates as a pay-per-view 
video programming content provider and multi-channel video programming distributor for 
cable TV and direct-to-home satellite TV operators and systems. 
iN-DEMAND also 
specifically operates the sexually-explicit pay-per-view channel known as Hot Choice, yet 
also re-broadcasts the Playboy TV channel on a pay-per-view basis. 
25. 
Defendant Time Warner Entertainment — Advance/Newhouse Partnership d/b/a 
Time Warner Cable ("Time Warner Cable") is a New York general partnership conducting 
business in Florida. Time Warner Cable operates as a multiple system operator and multi-
channel video programming distributor. 
26. 
Defendant Cox Communications ("Cox Cable") is a Delaware corporation 
conducting business in Florida. Cox Cable operates as an MSO and multi-channel video 
programming distributor serving over 6.6 million cable TV subscribers in 22 states. 
(Defendants, iN-DEMAND, Time Warner Cable, and Cox Cable, shall be referred to herein 
collectively as the "Broadcast Defendants"). 
Jurisdiction and Venue 
27. 
The Court has subject-matter jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 
§133I and 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and has supplemental jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to 28 
U.S.C. §1367(a). 
28. 
The Court has personal jurisdiction over each of the Defendants because each 
Defendant: (a) is a resident or citizen of Florida; or (b) pursuant to Fla. Stat. § 48.193, each 
EFTA00730499
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 6 of 65 
Defendant either: (i) operates, conducts, engages in, or carries on business or a business venture 
in Florida or has an office, registered business entity or agent in Florida; (ii) committed a 
tortuous act within Florida; or (iii) caused injury to the Plaintiff in Florida arising out of an act or 
omission committed by the Defendant outside Florida while the Defendant was engaged in 
solicitation or service activities within Florida or products, materials, or things processed, 
serviced, produced or manufactured by the Defendant were used or consumed in Florida in the 
ordinary course of commerce, trade, or use. 
29. 
Venue is proper in the Middle District of Florida because a substantial part of the 
events giving rise the claims stated herein occurred in the Middle District of Florida and within 
the Tampa Division, as per Local Rule 1.02. 
General Allegations Common to All Counts 
30. 
At all relevant times, the Plaintiff was a minor under the age of 18. 
31. 
During March of 2001, Deslin conducted various "contests" (the "Contests") at 
the Desert Inn during the Florida high school "Spring Break" vacation season. 
32. 
The subject Contests included the following: 
(a) Wet T-shirt Contest; 
(b) Sexual Positions Contest; 
(c) Banana Sucking Contest; 
(d) Muff Eating Contest and 
(e) Screaming Orgasm Contest. 
33. 
Each of the Contests was designed and intended to include sexually-explicit 
conduct and to subject participants to demeaning, degrading, inappropriate, exploitive and illegal 
conduct. 
EFTA00730500
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/2672006 
Page 7 of 65 
34. 
In March of 2001, various individuals attempted to persuade, to induce and to 
entice the Plaintiff to participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct or to 
assist others to engage in sexually-explicit conduct. Such acts by individuals included, but were 
not limited to, providing the Plaintiff with alcohol and enticing the Plaintiff with the prospect of 
winning cash and prizes. 
35. 
The Plaintiff was not required to provide and was not asked to provide proof of 
age before participating in the Contests. 
36. 
As a result of the acts described above, Plaintiff participated in the Wet T-shirt 
Contest, the Muff Eating Contest, the Banana Sucking Contest, and the Sexual Positions Contest 
as a minor in March of 2001. 
37. 
During her participation in the Contests, the Plaintiff was persuaded, induced and 
enticed to perform and did perform various sexually-explicit acts and simulated sexually-explicit 
acts, including simulating various sexual acts, sexual touching, and exposing her breasts, pubic 
areas, and buttocks. The Plaintiff was also encouraged to engage in various homo-erotic acts 
with other minors and was repeatedly molested by other participants on stage. 
38. 
The sexually-explicit videotaped conduct of the Plaintiff and other minors during 
the Contests includes, but is not limited to, conduct included within the scope of the following: 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
(d) 
(e) 
(0 
(g) 
"Sexually-explicit conduct" as defined by 18 U.S.C. §2256(2)(A)(i); 
"Sexually-explicit conduct" as defined by 18 U.S.C. §2256(2)(A)(iii); 
"Sexually-explicit conduct" as defined by 18 U.S.C. §2256(2)(A)(v); 
A "sexual performance by a child" as defined by Fla. Stat. §827.071(1)(b); 
"Sexual conduct" as defined by Fla. Stat. §827.071(1)(g); 
A "sexual performance" as defined by Fla. Stat. §827.071(1)(h); 
"Simulated sexual conduct" as defined by Fla. Stat. §827.071(1)(i). 
EFTA00730501
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 8 of 65 
39. 
During her participation in the Contests, the Plaintiff was subjected to demeaning, 
degrading, inappropriate, exploitive and illegal conduct. 
40. 
While the Plaintiff participated in the Contests and engaged in sexually-explicit 
conduct, the Plaintiff was videotaped by various entities including, but not limited to, 
Goldrush/Barton (the "Barton Tapes"), FFPI/Prewitt (the "Prewitt Tapes"), and Ciani, Weitz 
and others (collectively the "Bikinivoyeur Tapes"). 
41. 
Subsequent to the Contests, videotapes and other visual depictions of the Plaintiff 
engaged in sexually-explicit conduct were sold, distributed or broadcast for pecuniary gain to 
millions of people world-wide via interstate or foreign commerce or by use of the United States 
mail. 
42. 
Videotape, DVD and broadcast visual depictions of the Plaintiff and other minors 
engaged in sexually-explicit conduct that have been sold and disseminated nationally and 
internationally include, but are not limited to, the following: 
(0 
(g) 
Girls Gone Crazy: Spring Break; 
Playboy Exposed: All American Girls (including an edited version); 
Playboy Exposed: Spring Break —Greatest Moments; 
Playboy Exposed: Spring Break —Best Of, 
XTC Girls: Spring Break; 
XTC Girls: Greatest Moments; and 
XTC Girls: Best Of 
43. 
Excerpts from videotapes and DVDs in the form of "theatrical trailers" depicting 
the Plaintiff and other minors engaged in sexually-explicit conduct, such as in Playboy Exposed: 
All American Girls and Playboy Exposed: Spring Break — Greatest Moments & Best Of have 
been incorporated into a video advertisement or "theatrical trailer" that is itself child 
EFTA00730502
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 9 of 65 
pornography, that has been incorporated into other adult-oriented erotic videotapes and DVDs 
including, but not limited to the following titles: 
44. 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
(d) 
(e) 
(f) 
(g) 
(i) 
(1) 
The 
Playboy Exposed: Girls' Night Out; 
Playboy Exposed: Naughty Wives Party; 
Playboy Exposed: Bachelorette Party; 
Playboy Exposed: Florida Flash W Splash; 
Playboy Exposed: Naughty Girls Party in L.A.; 
Playboy Exposed: Naked on the 4i8 of July; 
Playboy Exposed: Toy Soldiers; 
Playboy Exposed: Erotic Scavenger Hunt; 
Playboy's Juli Ashton & Friends: Anything Goes; 
Playboy's Roommates. 
Barton Tapes, the Prewitt Tapes, the Bikinivoyeur Tapes and all 
reproductions, modifications, and edited versions thereof referenced in this Amended Complaint, 
including those set forth in the preceding two paragraphs, depict the Plaintiff and other minors 
engaged in sexually-explicit conduct. 
45. 
All videotapes and all other visual depictions of the Plaintiff engaged in sexually-
explicit conduct constitute "child pornography" as defined by 18 U.S.C. §2256(8)(A) and 
unlawful visual representations of a minor as defined by Ha. Stat. §827.071(5). 
46. 
The Plaintiff was intoxicated at the time she participated in the Contests and, 
therefore, she was unaware that she was being videotaped and was otherwise unaware of the 
nature and extent of her conduct during the Contests or of her resulting illegal sexual 
exploitation. 
EFTA00730503
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 10 of 65 
47. 
The Plaintiff was unaware of the nature and extent of her conduct and, therefore, 
the nature of her damages, until sometime in 2003 when she first learned of and viewed 
videotapes of the Contests and her conduct pictured thereon. 
48. 
The Plaintiff has retained the following attorneys to represent her in this matter, 
and she is obligated to pay those attorneys a reasonable fee for their respective services: 
Litigation Concepts, L.C. (Richard S. Shankman, Esq.), Law Office of Kevin O'Connor, and The 
Solomon Tropp Law Group, P.A. 
49. 
All conditions precedent to the filing of this action have occurred or been waived. 
Count 1: Violations of 18 U.S.C. §2251(a) 
(Deslin and The Devlins) 
50. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of q1 - 149 above. 
51. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) against Deslin and the 
Devlins for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2251(a). 
52. 
At all relevant times, the Devlins were the officers, employees, managers and 
authorized agents of Deslin. 
53. 
Deslin and the Devlins organized, arranged and conducted the Contests. 
54. 
In anticipation of the Contests, Deslin and the Devlins knowingly made, printed 
or published notices or posted Internet advertisements seeking the participation of minors in 
sexually-explicit conduct for the purpose of producing a visual depiction of such conduct. Such 
notices and advertisements included Internet advertisements soliciting high school-aged children 
to imbibe alcohol and to participate in Deslin's self-described "largest pool deck parties," which 
were intended and designed to include sexually-explicit conduct by minors and to be videotaped. 
55. 
Deslin and the Devlins knew or had reason to know that such notices and 
advertisements would be transported in interstate or foreign commerce. Alternatively, such 
notices and advertisements were transported in interstate or foreign commerce. 
EFTA00730504
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 11 of 65 
56. 
Deslin and the Devlins, through their employees and agents, conducted the 
Contests in an enclosed pool deck area at the Desert Inn and charged an admission fee for entry 
to the pool deck area. At all relevant times, Deslin and the Devlin maintained control over entry 
into the pool deck area and other areas of the Desert Inn premises. 
57. 
In anticipation of the Contests, Deslin and the Devlins hired Goldrush to act as 
Master of Ceremonies and deejay for the Contests and to video the Contests. 
58. 
Deslin and the Devlins, through their employees and agents, persuaded, induced 
and enticed the Plaintiff and other minors to participate in the Contests and to engage in 
sexually-explicit conduct for the purpose of producing visual depictions of such conduct. 
59. 
Goldrush, acting within the scope of its authority granted by Deslin and the 
Devlins, persuaded, induced and enticed the Plaintiff and other minors to participate in the 
Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct for the purpose of producing visual 
depictions of such conduct. 
60. 
Goldrush, acting within the scope of its authority granted by Deslin and the 
Devlins, created the Barton Tapes by videotaping the Plaintiff's participation in the Contests, 
including the sexually-explicit conduct of the Plaintiff and other minors. 
61. 
In addition, Deslin and the Devlin knew that many of its customers attending the 
Contests would create visual depictions of the Contests. Deslin and the Devlins permitted its 
customers to create visual depictions of the Contests because Deslin and the Devlins knew that 
such would be beneficial to Deslin, including that the distribution and sharing of images of the 
Contests would be a form of advertising for Deslin. Visual depictions created during the 
Contests with the permission or consent of Deslin and the Devlins include the Prewitt Tapes and 
the Bikinivoyeur Tapes. 
EFTA00730505
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 12 of 65 
62. 
The above-stated acts constitute violations by Deslin and the Devlin of 18 U.S.C. 
§2251(a). 
63. 
The above-described acts of Deslin and the Devlin were intentional or were 
committed with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of applicable law, the 
consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the rights and safety of the 
Plaintiff. 
64. 
At the time the Barton Tapes and other visual depictions of the Contests were 
created, Deslin and the Devlins knew or had reason to know that such would be transported in 
interstate or foreign commerce or United States mail. Deslin and the Devlins had this knowledge 
because they knew or should have known that many of its customers creating visual depictions 
of the Contests were not residents of Florida and would take the visual depictions with them 
when they left the state. In addition, Deslin and the Devlins knew or should have known that 
visual depictions of Contests from the previous years had been posted on the Internet and that 
visual depictions of the 2001 Contests would be posted on the Internet and would, therefore, be 
available for viewing and distribution throughout the world. In the alternative, the Barton Tapes 
and other visual depictions of the Contests have actually been transported in interstate or foreign 
commerce or mailed. 
65. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2251(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
66. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), the Plaintiff is entitled to recover damages, her 
attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each and every individual 
violation of 18 U.S.C. §2251(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages) and all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), 
EFTA00730506
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 13 of 65 
including prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and 
any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 2: Common Law Negligence 
(Deslin) 
67. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations 0111 -1[49 above. 
68. 
This is a claim for negligence against Deslin. 
69. 
At all relevant times, Deslin had a duty not to provide alcohol to persons under 
the age of 21. At a minimum, Deslin had a duty not to encourage or to tolerate underage 
consumption of alcohol on the Desert Inn premises and a duty to take reasonable measures, such 
as checking drivers' licenses, to confirm the age of those who appeared to be under the age of 21 
before providing them with alcohol. 
70. 
At all relevant times, Deslin had a duty not to permit minors to participate in the 
Contests. 
71. 
To persuade, to induce and to entice the Plaintiff and other minors to participate 
in the Contests and to encourage them and other minors to engage in sexually-explicit conduct, 
Deslin, through its authorized employees and agents, (a) provided alcohol or caused or directed 
that alcohol be provided to the Plaintiff and other minors for the purpose of reducing their 
inhibitions and (b) offered cash, prizes and other incentives. 
72. 
At the time Deslin provided alcohol or caused or directed that alcohol be provided 
to the Plaintiff, Deslin, through its employees and agents, knew that the Plaintiff was under the 
age of 21. Alternatively, Deslin knew that the Plaintiff reasonably appeared to be under the age 
of 21, but Deslin failed to take reasonable steps to confirm the age of the Plaintiff. 
73. 
Deslin breached its duty of care by, among other things, providing alcohol or 
causing or permitting alcohol to be provided to the Plaintiff and by permitting the Plaintiff to 
participate in the Contests. 
EFTA00730507
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 14 of 65 
74. 
As a proximate result of the breach of duty by Deslin, the Plaintiff has sustained 
damages, including, but not limited to, damages related to the Plaintiffs participation in the 
Contests and being videotaped while engaged in sexually-explicit conduct and with other minors 
engaging in sexually-explicit conduct during the Contests. 
75. 
The above-described acts of Deslin were intentional or were committed with 
reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of applicable law, the consequences of those 
acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the rights and safety of the Plaintiff. 
76. 
The following conduct of Deslin was outrageous: 
(a) Providing alcohol or permitting alcohol to be provided to the Plaintiff to 
reduce her inhibitions; 
(b) Persuading, inducing, enticing and instructing the Plaintiff to engage in 
sexually-explicit conduct herself and with other minors; 
(c) Subjecting the Plaintiff to demeaning, degrading, inappropriate, exploitive 
and illegal conduct during the Contests; 
(d) Videotaping and permitting the videotaping by others of the Plaintiff 
engaged in sexually-explicit conduct herself and with other minors; 
(e) Causing the use, dissemination or distribution of the videotapes of the 
Plaintiff engaged in sexually-explicit conduct herself and with other minors. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and 
any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 3: Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress 
(Deslin) 
77. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of q1 -149 above. 
78. 
This is a claim for intentional infliction of emotional distress against Deslin. 
EFTA00730508
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 15 of 65 
79. 
Deslin, through its employees and agents, persuaded, induced and enticed the 
Plaintiff and other minors to participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit 
conduct. 
80. 
At the time Deslin persuaded, induced and enticed the Plaintiff to participate in 
the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct, Deslin knew that the Plaintiff was a 
minor or recklessly disregarded the age of the Plaintiff. 
81. 
To persuade, to induce and to entice the Plaintiff to participate in the Contests and 
to engage in sexually-explicit conduct, Deslin, through its employees and agents, provided 
alcohol or caused or directed that alcohol to be provided alcohol to the Plaintiff and offered cash, 
prizes and other incentives to the Plaintiff 
82. 
The following conduct of Deslin was outrageous: 
(a) 
(b) 
Providing alcohol or causing or permitting alcohol to be provided to the 
minor Plaintiff to reduce her inhibitions; 
Persuading, inducing, enticing and instructing the Plaintiff to engage in 
sexually-explicit conduct herself and with other minors; 
(c) Subjecting the Plaintiff to demeaning, degrading, inappropriate, exploitive 
and illegal conduct during the Contests; 
(d) Videotaping and permitting the videotaping by others of the Plaintiff 
engaged in sexually-explicit conduct herself and with other minors; 
(e) Causing the use, dissemination or distribution of the videotapes of the 
Plaintiff engaged in sexually-explicit conduct herself and with other minors. 
83. 
Deslin knew or should have known that emotional distress would likely result 
from their outrageous conduct. 
EFTA00730509
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 16 of 65 
84. 
The outrageous conduct of Deslin has caused severe emotional distress and other 
harm to the Plaintiff. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and 
any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 4: Unjust Enrichment 
Westin) 
85. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of J1 - ¶49 above. 
86. 
This is a claim for unjust enrichment against Deslin. 
87. 
Deslin, through its employees and agents, persuaded, induced and enticed the 
Plaintiff to participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct. 
88. 
At the time Deslin persuaded, induced and enticed the Plaintiff to participate in 
the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct, Deslin knew or should have known that 
the Plaintiff was a minor or reasonably appeared to be a minor. 
89. 
To persuade, to induce and to entice the Plaintiff to participate in the Contests and 
to engage in sexually-explicit conduct, Deslin, through its employees and agents, provided 
alcohol or caused or directed that alcoholic be provided to the Plaintiff and offered cash, prizes 
and other incentives to the Plaintiff 
90. 
The videotaped and live conduct of the Plaintiff in the Contests conferred an 
economic benefit to Deslin, including, but not limited to, revenue from admissions to the pool 
deck area on the day Plaintiff participated in the Contests, the sale of food and beverages on the 
day Plaintiff participated in the Contests, revenue generated from the sale or use of the 
videotapes of the Plaintiff in the Contests, and revenue generated from the advertising of the 
Desert Inn in the videos of the Plaintiff in the Contests, including the Barton Tapes. 
EFTA00730510
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 17 of 65 
91. 
Deslin appreciated and accepted the economic benefits conferred upon them by 
the videotaped and live conduct of the Plaintiff. 
92. 
The acceptance and retention of the economic benefits by Deslin under the 
circumstances would be inequitable. 
93. 
Plaintiff has no adequate legal remedy. This claim is asserted in the alternative to 
any legal claims asserted by the Plaintiff against this Defendant. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages, prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and any other relief deemed 
appropriate by the Court. 
Count 5: Violations of 18 U.S.C. §2251(a) 
(Goldrush and Barton) 
94. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations °Ell - 1[49 above. 
95. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) against Goldrush and Barton 
for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2251(a). 
96. 
Goldrush was hired to act as Master of Ceremonies and a deejay for the Contests 
and to videotape the sexually-explicit performances of the Plaintiff and other minors. 
97. 
Barton and other Goldrush employees and agents persuaded, induced and enticed 
the Plaintiff and other minors to participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit 
conduct for the purpose of producing visual depictions of such conduct. 
98. 
Barton and other Goldrush employees and agents created the Barton Tapes by 
videotaping the sexually-explicit conduct of the Plaintiff and other minors in the Contests. 
99. 
Barton and other Goldrush employees and agents knowingly made, printed or 
published notices and advertisements offering to distribute or reproduce the Goldrush Videos. 
EFTA00730511
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 18 of 65 
100. 
Goldrush and Barton knew or had reason to know that such notices and 
advertisements would be transported in interstate or foreign commerce. Alternatively, such 
notices and advertisements were transported in interstate or foreign commerce. 
101. 
The above-described acts of Goldrush and Barton constitute violations of 18 
U.S.C. §2251(a). 
102. 
The above-described acts of Goldrush and Barton were intentional or were 
committed with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of applicable law, the 
consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the rights and safety of the 
Plaintiff. 
103. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2251(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
104. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), the Plaintiff is entitled to recover damages, her 
attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of any violations of 18 U.S.C. 
§225 I (a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 6: Violations of 18 U.S.C. 2252(a) 
(goldrush and Barton) 
105. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of q1 - 149 above. 
106. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) against Goldrush and Barton 
for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a). 
EFTA00730512
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 19 of 65 
107. 
After Goldrush and Barton created the Barton Tapes, Goldrush and Barton 
knowingly transported or shipped the Barton Tapes, in whole or in part, in interstate or foreign 
commerce. 
108. 
At the time Goldrush and Barton mailed, transported, shipped or distributed the 
Barton Tapes, Goldrush and Barton had positive knowledge or they were consciously and 
willfully ignorant of the fact that the Barton Tapes depicted minors, including the Plaintiff. 
engaging in sexually-explicit conduct. 
109. 
The above-described acts of Goldrush and Barton constitute violations of 18 
U.S.C. §2252(a). 
110. 
The above-described acts of Goldrush and Barton were intentional or were 
committed with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of the laws of the United States, 
the consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of those 
acts. 
III. 
As a proximate cause of the violation of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
112. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), the Plaintiff is entitled to recover damages, her 
attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of any violation of 18 U.S.C. 
§2252(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 7: Violation of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a) 
(Goldrush and Barton) 
113. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations ofil -1[49 above. 
EFTA00730513
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 20 of 65 
114. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 18 U.S.C. §2252A(f) 
against Goldrush and Barton for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
115. 
After Goldrush and Barton created the Barton Tapes, Goldrush and Barton 
knowingly mailed, transported, shipped or distributed the Barton Tapes, in whole or in part, in 
interstate or foreign commerce. 
116. 
At the time Goldrush and Barton mailed, transported, shipped or distributed the 
Barton Tapes, Goldrush and Barton had positive knowledge or they were consciously and 
willfully ignorant of the fact that the Barton Tapes depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, 
engaged in sexually-explicit conduct, and constituted child pornography. 
117. 
The above-described acts of Goldrush and Barton constitute violations of 18 
U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
118. 
The above-described acts of Goldrush and Barton were intentional or were 
committed with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of the laws of the United States, 
the consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of those 
acts. 
119. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
120. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 18 U.S.C. §2252A(f), the Plaintiff is entitled 
to recover damages, her attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each 
and every violation of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 
U.S.C. §2252A(f), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness 
fees, costs and any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
EFTA00730514
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 21 of 65 
Count 8: Common Law Neelieence 
(Goldrush and Barton) 
121. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of II - ¶49 above. 
122. 
This is a claim for negligence against Goldrush and Barton. 
123. 
At all relevant times, Goldrush and Barton had a duty not to provide alcohol to 
persons under the age of 21. At a minimum, Goldrush and Barton had a duty not to encourage or 
to recklessly tolerate underage consumption of alcohol and a duty to take reasonable measures, 
such as checking drivers' licenses, to confirm the age of those who reasonably appeared to be 
under the age of 21 before providing them with alcohol. 
124. 
At all relevant times, Goldrush and Barton had a duty not to permit minors to 
participate in the Contests. 
125. 
To persuade, to induce and to entice the Plaintiff to participate in the Contests and 
to engage in sexually-explicit conduct, Goldrush and Barton, among other things, (a) provided 
alcohol or caused or directed that alcohol be provided to the Plaintiff to reduce her inhibitions, 
and (b) offered cash, prizes and other incentives to entice the Plaintiff to participate in the 
Contests. 
126. 
At the time Goldrush and Barton provided alcohol or directed that alcohol be 
provided to the Plaintiff, Goldrush and Barton had positive knowledge that the Plaintiff was 
under the age of 21. Alternatively, Goldrush and Barton knew that the Plaintiff reasonably 
appeared to be under the age of 21, but Goldrush and Barton failed to take reasonable steps to 
confirm the age of the Plaintiff. 
127. 
Goldrush and Barton breached their duty of care by, among other things, 
providing alcohol or causing or permitting alcohol to be provided to the Plaintiff and by 
permitting the Plaintiff to participate in the Contests. 
EFTA00730515
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 22 of 65 
128. 
As a proximate result of the breach of duty by Goldrush and Barton, the Plaintiff 
has sustained damages, including, but not limited to, damages related to the Plaintiff's conduct in 
the Contests and being videotaped while engaging in sexually-explicit conduct during the 
Contests. 
129. 
The above-described acts of Goldrush and Barton were committed with reckless 
disregard for or conscious indifference of applicable law, the consequences of those acts, the 
exploitive nature of those acts and the rights and safety of the Plaintiff. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this Count 
for damages (including punitive damages), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and 
any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 9: Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress 
(Goldrush and Barton) 
130. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations °ill -149 above. 
131. 
This is a claim for intentional infliction of emotional distress against Goldrush 
and Barton. 
132. 
Goldrush and Barton persuaded, induced and enticed the Plaintiff to participate in 
the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct. 
133. 
At the time Goldrush and Barton persuaded, induced and enticed the Plaintiff to 
participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct, Goldrush and Barton knew 
the Plaintiff was a minor or recklessly disregarded the age of the Plaintiff. 
134. 
To persuade, to induce and to entice the Plaintiff to participate in the Contests and 
to engage in sexually-explicit conduct, Goldrush and Barton, among other things, provided 
alcohol or caused or directed that alcohol to be provided alcohol to the Plaintiff and offered cash, 
prizes and other incentives to the Plaintiff. 
135. 
The following conduct of Goldrush and Barton was outrageous: 
EFTA00730516
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 23 of 65 
(a) Persuading, inducing, enticing and instructing the Plaintiff and other minors 
to engage in sexually-explicit conduct in the Contests; 
(b) Subjecting the Plaintiff to demeaning, degrading, inappropriate, exploitive 
and illegal conduct; 
(c) Videotaping the Plaintiff and other minors engaged in such sexually-explicit 
conduct; 
(d) Providing alcohol or directing that alcohol be provided to the minor Plaintiff 
to reduce her inhibitions. 
136. 
Goldrush and Barton knew or should have known that emotional distress would 
likely result from their outrageous conduct. 
137. 
The outrageous conduct of Goldrush and Barton caused severe emotional distress 
and other harm to the Plaintiff. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this Count 
for damages (including punitive damages), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and 
any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 10: Unjust Enrichment 
(Goldrush and Barton) 
138. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of q1 - 149 above. 
139. 
This is a claim for unjust enrichment against Goldrush and Barton. 
140. 
Goldrush and Barton persuaded, induced and enticed the Plaintiff to participate in 
the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct. 
141. 
At the time Goldrush and Barton persuaded, induced and enticed the Plaintiff to 
participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct, Goldrush and Barton knew 
or should have known that the Plaintiff was a minor or reasonably appeared to be a minor. 
EFTA00730517
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 24 of 65 
142. 
To persuade, to induce and to entice the Plaintiff to participate in the Contests and 
to engage in sexually-explicit conduct, Goldrush and Barton, among other things, (a) provided 
alcohol or caused or directed that alcohol be provided to the Plaintiff to reduce her inhibitions 
and (b) offered cash, prizes and other incentives. 
143. 
The videotaped and live conduct of the Plaintiff in the Contests conferred an 
economic benefit to Goldrush and Barton, including, but not limited to, fees or salaries received 
by Goldrush and Barton for their "services" on the pool deck of the Desert Inn and any revenue 
that may have been generated from the sale or use of Barton Tapes depicting the Plaintiff in the 
Contests. 
144. 
Goldrush and Barton appreciated and accepted the economic benefit conferred 
upon them by the videotaped and live conduct of the Plaintiff. 
145. 
The acceptance and retention of the benefit by Goldrush and Barton under the 
circumstances would be inequitable. 
146. 
Plaintiff has no adequate legal remedy. This claim is asserted in the alternative to 
any legal claims asserted by the Plaintiff against these Defendants. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this Count 
for damages, prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and any other relief deemed 
appropriate by the Court. 
Count 11: Violation of 18 U.S.C. §2251(a) 
(FFPI and Prewitt) 
147. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations 0111 -149 above. 
148. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) against FFPI and Prewitt for 
violations of 18 U.S.C. §2251(a). 
EFTA00730518
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 25 of 65 
149. 
Prewitt and other FFPI employees and agents persuaded, induced and enticed the 
Plaintiff to participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct for the purpose 
of producing visual depictions of such conduct. 
150. 
Prewitt and other FFPI employees and agents created the Prewitt Tapes by 
videotaping the Plaintiff's participation in the Contests, including the sexually-explicit conduct 
of the Plaintiff and other minors. 
151. 
Prewitt and other FFPI employees and agents knowingly created, printed, 
assembled or published notices and advertisements 
reproduce the Prewitt Tapes. 
152. 
FFPI and Prewitt knew or had 
offering to distribute, sell, license or 
reason to know that such notices and 
advertisements would be transported in interstate or foreign commerce. Alternatively, such 
notices and advertisements were transported in interstate or foreign commerce. 
153. 
The above-described acts of FFPI and Prewitt constitute violations of 18 U.S.C. 
§2251(a). 
154. 
The above-described acts of FFPI and Prewitt were intentional or were committed 
with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of the laws of the United States, the 
consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of those acts. 
155. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2251(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
156. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), the Plaintiff is entitled to recover damages, her 
attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each and every violation of 
U.S.C. §2251(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), 
EFTA00730519
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 26 of 65 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 12: Violation of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a) 
(FFPI and Prewitt) 
157. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations 0111 —149 above. 
158. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) against FFPI and Prewitt for 
violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a). 
159. 
Prewitt and other FFPI employees and agents persuaded, induced and enticed the 
Plaintiff to participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct for the purpose 
of producing visual depictions of such conduct. 
160. 
Prewitt and other FFPI employees and agents created the Prewitt Tapes by 
videotaping the Plaintiff's participation in the Contests, including the sexually-explicit conduct 
of the Plaintiff and other minors. 
161. 
After FFPI and Prewitt produced the Prewitt Tapes, FFPI and Prewitt knowingly 
mailed, transported, shipped, transmitted or distributed the Prewitt Tapes, in whole or in part, in 
interstate or foreign commerce. 
162. 
At the time FFPI and Prewitt mailed, transported, shipped or distributed the 
Prewitt Tapes, FFPI and Prewitt had positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully 
ignorant of the fact that the Prewitt Tapes depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, engaging in 
sexually-explicit conduct. 
163. 
The above-described acts of FFPI and Prewitt constitute violations of 18 U.S.C. 
§2252(a). 
164. 
The above-described acts of FFPI and Prewitt were intentional or were committed 
with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of the laws of the United States, the 
consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of those acts. 
EFTA00730520
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 27 of 65 
165. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
166. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), the Plaintiff is entitled to recover damages, her 
attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each and every violation of 
U.S.C. §2252(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 13: Violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a) 
(FFPI and Prewitt) 
167. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations ofil -1[49 above. 
168. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 18 U.S.C. §2252A(f) 
against FFPI and Prewitt for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
169. 
Prewitt and other FFPI employees and agents persuaded, induced and enticed the 
Plaintiff to participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct for the purpose 
of producing visual depictions of such conduct. 
170. 
Prewitt and other FFPI employees and agents created the Prewitt Tapes by 
videotaping the Plaintiff's participation in the Contests, including the sexually-explicit conduct 
of the Plaintiff and other minors. 
171. 
After FFPI and Prewitt produced the Prewitt Tapes, FFPI and Prewitt knowingly 
mailed, transported, shipped, transmitted or distributed the Prewitt Tapes, in whole or in part, in 
interstate or foreign commerce. 
172. 
At the time FFPI and Prewitt mailed, transported, shipped or distributed the 
Prewitt Tapes, FFPI and Prewitt had positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully 
EFTA00730521
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 28 of 65 
ignorant of the fact that the Prewitt Tapes depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, engaging in 
sexually-explicit conduct. 
173. 
At the time FFPI and Prewitt mailed, transported, shipped or distributed the 
Prewitt Tapes, FFPI and Prewitt had positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully 
ignorant of the fact that the Prewitt Tapes depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, engaging in 
sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
174. 
The above-described acts of FFPI and Prewitt constitute violations of 18 U.S.C. 
§2252A(a). 
175. 
The above-stated acts of FFPI and Prewitt were intentional or were committed 
with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of the laws of the United States, the 
consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of those acts. 
176. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
177. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 18 U.S.C. §2252A(f), the Plaintiff is entitled 
to recover damages, her attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each 
and every violation of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 
U.S.C. §2252A(f), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness 
fees, costs and any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 14: Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress 
(FFPI and Prewitt) 
178. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of 11 - 149 above. 
179. 
This is a claim for intentional infliction of emotional distress against FFPI and 
EFTA00730522
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 29 of 65 
180. 
Prewitt and other FFPI employees and agents persuaded, induced and enticed the 
Plaintiff to participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct for the purpose 
of producing visual depictions of such conduct. 
181. 
Prewitt and other FFPI employees and agents created the Prewitt Tapes by 
videotaping the Plaintiff's participation in the Contests, including the sexually-explicit conduct 
of the Plaintiff and other minors. 
182. 
At the time FFPI and Prewitt persuaded, induced and enticed the Plaintiff to 
participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct, FFPI and Prewitt had 
positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a 
minor and recklessly disregarded the age of the Plaintiff. 
183. 
The following conduct of FFPI and Prewitt was outrageous: 
(a) Persuading, inducing, enticing and instructing the Plaintiff and other minors 
to engage in sexually-explicit conduct in the Contests; 
(b) Subjecting the Plaintiff to demeaning, degrading, inappropriate, exploitive 
and illegal conduct; 
(c) Videotaping the Plaintiff and other minors while engaged in such sexually-
explicit conduct; and 
(d) Distributing, licensing or selling the "Prewitt Tapes." 
184. 
FFPI and Prewitt knew or should have known that emotional distress would likely 
result from their outrageous conduct. 
185. 
The outrageous conduct of FFPI and Prewitt caused severe emotional distress and 
other harm to the Plaintiff. 
EFTA00730523
--- PAGE 30 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 30 of 65 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this Count 
for damages (including punitive damages), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and 
any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 15: Unjust Enrichment 
(FFPI and Prewitt) 
186. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of J1 -149 above. 
187. 
This is a claim for unjust enrichment against FFPI and Prewitt. 
188. 
At the time FFPI and Prewitt persuaded, induced and enticed the Plaintiff and 
other minors to participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct, FFPI and 
Prewitt knew or should have known that the Plaintiff was a minor or reasonably appeared to be a 
minor. 
189. 
The conduct of the Plaintiff in the Contests conferred an economic benefit to FFPI 
and Prewitt, including, but not limited to, revenue generated from the sale, licensing or use of 
videotapes of the Plaintiff in the Contests, including the Prewitt Tapes themselves. 
190. 
FFPI and Prewitt appreciated and accepted the economic benefits conferred upon 
them by the videotaped conduct of the Plaintiff. 
191. 
The acceptance and retention of the economic benefits by FFPI and Prewitt under 
the circumstances would be inequitable. 
192. 
Plaintiff has no adequate legal remedy. This claim is asserted in the alternative to 
any legal claims asserted by the Plaintiff against these Defendants. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this Count 
for damages, prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and any other relief deemed 
appropriate by the Court. 
EFTA00730524
--- PAGE 31 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06726/2006 
Page 31 of 65 
Count 16: Violations of 18 U.S.C. §2251(a) 
(Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell) 
193. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of J1 - 149 above. 
194. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) against Ciani, Weitz, BV & 
BK and Maskell for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2251(a). 
195. 
Ciani, Weitz and their agents persuaded, induced and enticed the Plaintiff and 
other minors to participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct for the 
purposes of producing commercial visual depictions of such conduct for use and sale on 
subscription pornographic Internet websites. In this regard, Ciani, Weitz and their agents did, 
among other things, the following: (1) they orally encouraged the Plaintiff and other minors to 
participate in the Contest; and (2) while videotaping the Contests, they orally encouraged the 
Plaintiff and other minors in the Contests to engage in sexually-explicit conduct. Ciani, Weitz 
and their agents engaged in such conduct because it was to their financial benefit to have as 
many participants as possible in the Contests and to have the participants engage in conduct that 
was as sexually-explicit as possible, which would enhance the sale value of the Bikinivoyeur 
Tapes. 
196. 
Ciani, Weitz and their agents produced the Bikinivoyeur Tapes by videotaping the 
Plaintiff's participation in the Contests, including the sexually-explicit conduct of the Plaintiff 
and other minors. 
197. 
Subsequent to the production of the Bikinivoyeur Tapes, Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK 
and Maskell edited, assembled, produced, modified, transmuted and otherwise manipulated the 
Bikinivoyeur Tapes, in whole or in part, to create new visual depictions (the "Bikinivoyeur 
Content") of the Plaintiff engaged in sexually-explicit conduct for use and sale on subscription 
pornographic websites. 
EFTA00730525
--- PAGE 32 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 32 of 65 
198. 
Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell knowingly made, produced, transmitted, 
printed or published notices and advertisements offering to distribute, sell, license, or reproduce 
the Bikinivoyeur Content and related manipulated sexually-explicit content suitable for use on 
pornographic Internet websites. 
199. 
Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell knew or had reason to know that such 
notices and advertisements would be transported in interstate or foreign commerce. 
Alternatively, such notices and advertisements were transported in interstate or foreign 
commerce. 
200. 
The above-described acts of Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell constitute 
violations of 18 U.S.C. §2251(a). 
201. 
The above-described acts of Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell were intentional 
or were committed with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of the laws of the United 
States, the consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of 
those acts. 
202. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2251(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
203. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), the Plaintiff is entitled to recover damages, her 
attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each and every violation of 
U.S.C. §2251(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
EFTA00730526
--- PAGE 33 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06726/2006 
Page 33 of 65 
Count 17: Violations
(Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell) 
204. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations ofil -149 above. 
205. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) against Ciani, Weitz, BV & 
BK and Maskell for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a) 
206. 
Ciani, Weitz and their agents produced the Bikinivoyeur Tapes by videotaping the 
Plaintiff's participation in the Contests, including the sexually-explicit conduct of the Plaintiff 
and other minors. 
207. 
Subsequent to the production of the Bikinivoyeur Tapes, Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK 
and Maskell edited, assembled, produced, modified, transmuted and otherwise manipulated the 
Bikinivoyeur Tapes, in whole or in part, to create the Bikinivoyeur Content of the Plaintiff 
engaged in sexually-explicit conduct for use and sale on subscription pornographic websites. 
208. 
Ciani, Weitz, Maskell and BV & BK knowingly mailed, transported, shipped, 
transmitted or distributed the Bikinivoyeur Tapes and Bikinivoyeur Content, in whole or in part, 
in interstate or foreign commerce. 
209. 
At the time Ciani, Weitz, Maskell and BV & BK mailed, transported, shipped or 
distributed the Bikinivoyeur Tapes and Bikinivoyeur Content, they had positive knowledge or 
were consciously and willfully ignorant of the fact that the Bikinivoyeur Tapes and Bikinivoyeur 
Content depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and 
constituted child pornography. 
210. 
The above-described acts of Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell constitute 
violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a). 
211. 
The above-described acts of Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell were intentional 
or were committed with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of the laws of the United 
EFTA00730527
--- PAGE 34 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 34 of 65 
States, the consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of 
those acts. 
212. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
213. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), the Plaintiff is entitled to recover damages, her 
attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each and every violation of 
U.S.C. §2252(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 18: Violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a) 
(Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell) 
214. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of11 -9[49 above. 
215. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 18 U.S.C. §2252A(f) 
against Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a) 
216. 
Ciani, Weitz and their agents produced the Bikinivoyeur Tapes by videotaping the 
Plaintiff's participation in the Contests, including the sexually-explicit conduct of the Plaintiff 
and other minors. 
217. 
Subsequent to the production of the Bikinivoyeur Tapes, Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK 
and Maskell edited, assembled, produced, modified, transmuted and otherwise manipulated the 
Bikinivoyeur Tapes, in whole or in part, to create the Bikinivoyeur Content of the Plaintiff 
engaged in sexually-explicit conduct for use and sale on subscription pornographic websites. 
EFTA00730528
--- PAGE 35 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 35 of 65 
218. 
Ciani, Weitz, Maskell, and BV & BK knowingly mailed, transported, transmitted, 
shipped or distributed the Bikinivoyeur Content, in whole or in part, in interstate or foreign 
commerce. 
219. 
At the time Ciani, Weitz, Maskell and BV & BK mailed, transported, shipped or 
distributed the Bikinivoyeur Tapes and Bikinivoyeur Content, they had positive knowledge or 
were consciously and willfully ignorant of the fact that the Bikinivoyeur Tapes and Bikinivoyeur 
Content depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and 
constituted child pornography. 
220. 
The above-described acts of Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell constitute 
violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
221. 
The above-described acts of Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell were intentional 
or were committed with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of the laws of the United 
States, the consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of 
those acts. 
222. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
223. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 18 U.S.C. §2252A(f), the Plaintiff is entitled 
to recover damages, her attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each 
and every violation of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 
U.S.C. §2252A(f), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness 
fees, costs and any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
EFTA00730529
--- PAGE 36 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 36 of 65 
Count 19: Violations of 18 U.S.C. ft1466A(a)(1) 
(Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell) 
224. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of $1 - $49 above. 
225. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(f) against Ciani, Weitz, BV 
& BK and Maskell for violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1). 
226. 
Ciani, Weitz and their agents produced the Bikinivoyeur Tapes by videotaping the 
Plaintiff's participation in the Contests, including the sexually-explicit conduct of the Plaintiff 
and other minors. 
227. 
Subsequent to the production of the Bikinivoyeur Tapes, Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK 
and Maskell edited, assembled, produced, modified, transmuted and otherwise manipulated the 
Bikinivoyeur Tapes, in whole or in part, to create the Bikinivoyeur Content. 
228. 
229. 
Ciani, Weitz, Maskell and BV & BK mailed, shipped or transported the 
Bikinivoyeur Tapes and Bikinivoyeur Content, in whole or in part, in interstate or foreign 
commerce. 
230. 
At the time Ciani, Weitz, Maskell and BV & BK mailed, shipped or transported 
the Bikinivoyeur Tapes and Bikinivoyeur Content, they had positive knowledge or were 
consciously and willfully ignorant of the fact that the Bikinivoyeur Tapes and Bikinivoyeur 
Content depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and 
constituted child pornography. 
231. 
The acts of Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell constitute the knowing 
distribution of child pornography and violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1). 
232. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1), the Plaintiff 
has suffered personal injury and other damages. 
EFTA00730530
--- PAGE 37 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 37 of 65 
233. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(O, the Plaintiff is an aggrieved party and is 
entitled to recover damages, her attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, and costs incurred as a 
result of each and every violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(O, 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 20: Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress 
(Ciani. Weitz. BV & BK and Maskell) 
234. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations ofil -9149 above. 
235. 
This is a claim for intentional infliction of emotional distress against Ciani, Weitz, 
BV & BK and Maskell. 
236. 
Ciani, Weitz and their agents persuaded, induced and enticed the Plaintiff and 
other minors to participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct for the 
purposes of producing commercial visual depictions of such conduct for use and sale on 
subscription pornographic Internet websites. In this regard, Ciani, Weitz and their agents did, 
among other things, the following: (1) they orally encouraged the Plaintiff and other minors to 
participate in the Contest; and (2) while videotaping the Contests, they orally encouraged the 
Plaintiff and other minors in the Contests to engage in sexually-explicit conduct. Ciani, Weitz 
and their agents engaged in such conduct because it was to their financial benefit to have as 
many participants as possible in the Contests and to have the participants engage in conduct that 
was as sexually-explicit as possible, which would enhance the sale value of the Bikinivoyeur 
Tapes. 
237. 
At the time Ciani and Weitz persuaded, induced and enticed the Plaintiff to 
participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct, Ciani and Weitz had 
EFTA00730531
--- PAGE 38 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 38 of 65 
positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a 
minor and recklessly disregarded the age of the Plaintiff. 
238. 
Ciani, Weitz and their agents produced the Bikinivoyeur Tapes by videotaping the 
Plaintiff's participation in the Contests, including the sexually-explicit conduct of the Plaintiff 
and other minors. 
239. 
Subsequent to the production of the Bikinivoyeur Tapes, Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK 
and Maskell edited, assembled, produced, modified, transmuted and otherwise manipulated the 
Bikinivoyeur Tapes, in whole or in part, to create the Bikinivoyeur Content of the Plaintiff 
engaged in sexually-explicit conduct for use and sale on subscription pornographic websites. 
240. 
The following conduct of Ciani and Weitz was outrageous: 
(a) Persuading, inducing, enticing and instructing the Plaintiff to engage in 
sexually-explicit conduct themselves and with other minors in the Contests; 
(b) Subjecting the Plaintiff to demeaning, degrading, inappropriate, exploitive 
and illegal conduct during the Contests; 
(c) Videotaping the Plaintiff and other minors engaged in such conduct during 
the Contests; and 
(d) Distributing, 
licensing, 
transmitting, 
selling 
or disseminating 
the 
Bikinivoyeur Tapes and Bikinivoyeur Content. 
241. 
BV & BK, Ciani and Maskell engaged in outrageous conduct by distributing, 
licensing, advertising, trading, transmitting, hosting, renting or selling the "Bikinivoyeur 
Content" while knowing or remaining consciously and willfully ignorant of the fact that the 
Plaintiff contained therein was a minor. 
242. 
Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell knew or should have known that emotional 
distress would likely result from their outrageous conduct. 
EFTA00730532
--- PAGE 39 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 39 of 65 
243. 
The outrageous conduct of Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell caused severe 
emotional distress and other harm to the Plaintiff. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this Count 
for damages (including punitive damages), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and 
any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 21: Unjust Enrichment 
(Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell) 
244. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of I  1 - ¶49 above. 
245. 
This is a claim for unjust enrichment against Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and 
Maskell. 
246. 
Ciani, Weitz and their agents persuaded, induced and enticed the Plaintiff and 
other minors to participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct for the 
purposes of producing commercial visual depictions of such conduct for use and sale on 
subscription pornographic Internet websites. In this regard, Ciani, Weitz and their agents did, 
among other things, the following: (1) they orally encouraged the Plaintiff and other minors to 
participate in the Contest; and (2) while videotaping the Contests, they orally encouraged the 
Plaintiff and other minors in the Contests to engage in sexually-explicit conduct. Ciani, Weitz 
and their agents engaged in such conduct because it was to their financial benefit to have as 
many participants as possible in the Contests and to have the participants engage in conduct that 
was as sexually-explicit as possible, which would enhance the sale value of the Bikinivoyeur 
Tapes. 
247. 
At the time Ciani and Weitz persuaded, induced and enticed the Plaintiff to 
participate in the Contests and to engage in sexually-explicit conduct, Ciani and Weitz knew or 
should have known that the Plaintiff was a minor or reasonably appeared to be a minor. 
EFTA00730533
--- PAGE 40 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 40 of 65 
248. 
Ciani, Weitz and their agents produced the Bikinivoyeur Tapes by videotaping the 
Plaintiff's participation in the Contests, including the sexually-explicit conduct of the Plaintiff 
and other minors. 
249. 
Subsequent to the production of the Bikinivoyeur Tapes, Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK 
and Maskell edited, assembled, produced, modified, transmuted and otherwise manipulated the 
Bikinivoyeur Tapes, in whole or in part, to create the Bikinivoyeur Content of the Plaintiff 
engaged in sexually-explicit conduct for use and sale on subscription pornographic websites. 
250. 
At the time they created the Bikinivoyeur Content, BV & BK, Ciani, Weitz and 
Maskell knew or should have known that the Plaintiff was a minor or appeared to be a minor. 
251. 
The videotaped conduct of the Plaintiff in the Contests and the inclusion of the 
Plaintiff in the Bikinivoyeur Tapes and Bikinivoyeur Content conferred an economic benefit to 
Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell including, but not limited to, revenue generated from the 
sale, licensing or use of the visual depictions of the Plaintiff in the Contests, including the 
Bikinivoyeur Tapes and the Bikinivoyeur Content. 
252. 
Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK and Maskell appreciated and accepted the economic 
benefit conferred upon them by the videotaped conduct of the Plaintiff. 
253. 
The acceptance and retention of the economic benefit by Ciani, Weitz, BV & BK 
and Maskell under the circumstances would be inequitable. 
254. 
Plaintiff has no adequate legal remedy. This claim is asserted in the alternative to 
any legal claims asserted by the Plaintiff against these Defendants. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this Count 
for damages, prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and any other relief deemed 
appropriate by the Court. 
EFTA00730534
--- PAGE 41 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 41 of 65 
Count 22: Violations of 18 U.S.C. *2252(a) 
(Lincolnwood and New City) 
255. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of 11 - 149 above. 
256. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) against Lincolnwood and 
New City for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a). 
257. 
In September of 2001, Lincolnwood and New City purchased the Prewitt Tapes 
from Prewitt and FFPI. 
258. 
Subsequently, Lincolnwood and New City edited, assembled, modified and 
otherwise used the Prewitt Tapes, in whole or in part, and created and produced new videos 
(collectively, the "New City Videos"), including those videos identified in 143 (b) through (d) 
and 144 (a) through (j) (collectively the "Playboy Videos"), depicting or including the Plaintiff 
and other minors engaging in sexually-explicit conduct. 
259. 
Lincolnwood and New City then sold and licensed the Playboy Videos to PEGI, 
PEI and PEII. 
260. 
Lincolnwood and New City knowingly mailed, transported, shipped, transmitted, 
broadcast, transmuted, disseminated or distributed the New City Videos in whole or in part, in 
interstate or foreign commerce. 
261. 
At the time Lincolnwood and New City mailed, transported, shipped or 
distributed the New City Videos, they had positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully 
ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a minor and reasonably appeared to be a minor and 
recklessly disregarded the fact that the videos depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, engaging 
in sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
262. 
The above-described acts of Lincolnwood and New City constitute violations of 
U.S.C. §2252(a). 
EFTA00730535
--- PAGE 42 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 42 of 65 
263. 
The above-described acts of Lincolnwood and New City were intentional or were 
committed with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of applicable law, the 
consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of those acts. 
264. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
265. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), the Plaintiff is entitled to recover damages, her 
attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each and every violation of 
U.S.C. §2252(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 23: Violations of IS U.S.C. § 2252A(a) 
(Lincolnwood and New City) 
266. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations 0111 -1[49 above. 
267. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255(a) and 18 U.S.C. §2252A(f) 
against Lincolnwood and New City for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
268. 
In September of 2001, Lincolnwood and New City purchased the Prewitt Tapes 
from Prewitt and FFPI. 
269. 
Subsequently, Lincolnwood and New City edited, assembled, modified and 
otherwise used the Prewitt Tapes, in whole or in part, and created and produced the New City 
Videos, depicting or including the Plaintiff and other minors engaging in sexually-explicit 
conduct. 
270. 
Lincolnwood and New City then sold and licensed the Playboy Videos to PEGI, 
PEI and PEII. 
EFTA00730536
--- PAGE 43 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 43 of 65 
271. 
Lincolnwood and New City knowingly mailed, transported, shipped, transmitted, 
broadcast, transmuted, disseminated or distributed the New City Videos in whole or in part, in 
interstate or foreign commerce. 
272. 
At the time Lincolnwood and New City mailed, transported, shipped or 
distributed the New City Videos, they had positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully 
ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a minor and reasonably appeared to be a minor and 
recklessly disregarded the fact that the New City Videos depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, 
engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
273. 
The above-described acts of Lincolnwood and New City constitute violations of 
U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
274. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
275. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 18 U.S.C. §2252A(f), the Plaintiff is entitled 
to recover damages, her attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each 
and every violation of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 
U.S.C. §2252A(f), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness 
fees, costs and any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 24: Violations of 18 U.S.C. $1466A(a)(1) 
(Lincolnwood and New City) 
276. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of 911 -9[49 above. 
277. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(f) against Lincolnwood and 
New City for violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(I). 
EFTA00730537
--- PAGE 44 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 44 of 65 
278. 
In September of 2001, Lincolnwood and New City purchased the Prewitt Tapes 
from Prewitt and FFPI. 
279. 
Subsequently, Lincolnwood and New City edited, assembled, modified and 
otherwise used the Prewitt Tapes, in whole or in part, and created and produced the New City 
Videos. 
280. 
Lincolnwood and New City knowingly produced, distributed or possessed with 
the intent to distribute the New City Videos and knowingly distributed or possessed with the 
intent to distribute the Prewitt Tapes. 
281. 
The New City Videos and the Prewitt Tapes depict the Plaintiff and other minors 
engaged in sexually-explicit conduct and are obscene. 
282. 
Lincolnwood and New City mailed, shipped or transported the New City Videos 
and the Prewitt Tapes, in whole or in part, in interstate or foreign commerce. 
283. 
At the time Lincolnwood and New City mailed, shipped or transported, the New 
City Videos and the Prewitt Tapes, they had positive knowledge or were consciously and 
willfully ignorant of the fact that the New City Videos and the Prewitt Tapes depicted minors, 
including the Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
284. 
The acts of Lincolnwood and New City constitute the knowing distribution of 
child pornography and violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1). 
285. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1), the Plaintiff 
has suffered personal injury and other damages. 
286. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(f), the Plaintiff is an aggrieved party and is 
entitled to recover damages, her attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, and costs incurred as a 
result of each and every violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1). 
EFTA00730538
--- PAGE 45 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 45 of 65 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(f), 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 25: Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress 
(Lincolnwood and New City) 
287. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of q1 -149 above. 
288. 
This is a claim for intentional infliction of emotional distress against Lincolnwood 
and New City. 
289. 
Lincolnwood and New City knowingly mailed, transported, shipped, transmitted, 
broadcast, transmuted, disseminated or distributed the New City Videos, in whole or in part, in 
interstate or foreign commerce. 
290. 
Lincolnwood and New City engaged in outrageous conduct by distributing or 
selling the New City Videos when Lincolnwood and New City had positive knowledge or were 
consciously and willfully ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a minor and reasonably 
appeared to be a minor and recklessly disregarded the fact that the New City Videos depicted 
minors, including the Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child 
pornography. 
291. 
Lincolnwood and New City knew or should have known that emotional distress 
would likely result from their outrageous conduct. 
292. 
The outrageous conduct of Lincolnwood and New City caused severe emotional 
distress and other harm to the Plaintiff. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this Count 
for damages (including punitive damages), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and 
any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
EFTA00730539
--- PAGE 46 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 46 of 65 
Count 26: Unjust Enrichment 
(Lincolnwood and New City) 
293. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations ofIll -1[49 above. 
294. 
This is a claim for unjust enrichment against Lincolnwood and New City. 
295. 
At the time Lincolnwood and New City produced the New City Videos, they had 
positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a 
minor and reasonably appeared to be a minor and recklessly disregarded the fact that the New 
City Videos depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, engaged in sexually-explicit conduct. 
296. 
The videotaped conduct of the Plaintiff in the Contests and the inclusion of the 
Plaintiff in the New City Videos conferred an economic benefit to Lincolnwood and New City 
including, but not limited to, revenue generated from the sale, licensing or use of the New City 
Videos. 
297. 
Lincolnwood and New City appreciated and accepted the economic benefit 
conferred upon them by the videotaped conduct of the Plaintiff in the New City Videos. 
298. 
The acceptance and retention of the economic benefits by Lincolnwood and New 
City under the circumstances would be inequitable. 
299. 
Plaintiff has no adequate legal remedy. This claim is asserted in the alternative to 
any legal claims asserted by the Plaintiff against these Defendants. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this Count 
for damages, prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and any other relief deemed 
appropriate by the Court. 
Count 27: Violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a) 
(Playboy Defendants) 
300. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations 0111 -1[49 above. 
EFTA00730540
--- PAGE 47 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 47 of 65 
301. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) against the Playboy 
Defendants for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a). 
302. 
The Playboy Defendants knowingly mailed, transported, shipped, transmitted, 
broadcast, transmuted, disseminated or distributed the Playboy Videos in whole or in part, in 
interstate or foreign commerce. 
303. 
At the time the Playboy Defendants mailed, transported, shipped or distributed the 
Playboy Videos, they had positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully ignorant of the 
fact that the Plaintiff was a minor and reasonably appeared to be a minor and recklessly 
disregarded the fact that the Playboy Videos depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, engaging in 
sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
304. 
The above-described acts of the Playboy Defendants constitute violations of 18 
U.S.C. §2252(a). 
305. 
The above-described acts of the Playboy Defendants were intentional or were 
committed with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of applicable law, the 
consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of those acts. 
306. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
307. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), the Plaintiff is entitled to recover damages, her 
attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each and every violation of 
U.S.C. §2252(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
EFTA00730541
--- PAGE 48 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 48 of 65 
Count 28: Violations of 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(a) 
(Playboy Defendants) 
308. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of J1 - 149 above. 
309. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255(a) and 18 U.S.C. §2252A(f) 
against the Playboy Defendants for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
310. 
The Playboy Defendants knowingly mailed, transported, shipped, transmitted, 
broadcast, transmuted, disseminated or distributed the Playboy Videos in whole or in part, in 
interstate or foreign commerce. 
311. 
At the time the Playboy Defendants mailed, transported, shipped or distributed the 
Playboy Videos, they had positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully ignorant of the 
fact that the Plaintiff was a minor and reasonably appeared to be a minor and recklessly 
disregarded the fact that the Playboy Videos depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, engaging in 
sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
312. 
The above-described acts of the Playboy Defendants were intentional or were 
committed with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of applicable law, the 
consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of those acts. 
313. 
The above-described acts of the Playboy Defendants constitute violations of 18 
U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
314. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
315. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 18 U.S.C. §2252A(f), the Plaintiff is entitled 
to recover damages, her attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each 
and every violation of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 
EFTA00730542
--- PAGE 49 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 49 of 65 
U.S.C. §2252A(f), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness 
fees, costs and any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 29: Violations of 18 U.S.C. §1466A(a)(1) 
(Playboy Defendants) 
316. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations ofil -149 above. 
317. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(f) against the Playboy 
Defendants for violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1). 
318. 
The Playboy Defendants knowingly produced, distributed or possessed with the 
intent to distribute the Playboy Videos. 
319. 
The Playboy Videos depict the Plaintiff and other minors engaged in sexually-
explicit conduct and are obscene. 
320. 
The Playboy Defendants mailed, shipped or transported the Playboy Videos, in 
whole or in part, in interstate or foreign commerce. 
321. 
At the time the Playboy Defendants mailed, shipped or transported the Playboy 
Videos, they had positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully ignorant of the fact that 
the Plaintiff was a minor and reasonably appeared to be a minor and recklessly disregarded the 
fact that the Playboy Videos depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-
explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
322. 
The acts of the Playboy Defendants constitute the knowing distribution of child 
pornography and violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1). 
323. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1), the Plaintiff 
has suffered personal injury and other damages. 
324. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(f), the Plaintiff is an aggrieved party and is 
entitled to recover damages, her attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, and costs incurred as a 
result of each and every violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1). 
EFTA00730543
--- PAGE 50 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 50 of 65 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(f), 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 30: Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress 
(Playboy Defendants) 
325. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations 0111 -149 above. 
326. 
This is a claim for intentional infliction of emotional distress against the Playboy 
Defendants. 
327. 
The Playboy Defendants knowingly mailed, transported, shipped, transmitted, 
broadcast, transmuted, disseminated or distributed the Playboy Videos in whole or in part, in 
interstate or foreign commerce. 
328. 
The Playboy Defendants engaged in outrageous conduct by distributing or selling 
the Playboy Videos when the Playboy Defendants had positive knowledge or were consciously 
and willfully ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a minor and reasonably appeared to be a 
minor and recklessly disregarded the fact that the Playboy Videos depicted minors, including the 
Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
329. 
The Playboy Defendants knew or should have known that emotional distress 
would likely result from their outrageous conduct. 
330. 
The outrageous conduct of the Playboy Defendants caused severe emotional 
distress and other harm to the Plaintiff. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this Count 
for damages (including punitive damages), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and 
any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
EFTA00730544
--- PAGE 51 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 51 of 65 
Count 31: Unjust Enrichment 
(Playboy Defendants) 
331. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations ofil -9149 above. 
332. 
This is a claim for unjust enrichment against the Playboy Defendants. 
333. 
The Playboy Defendants sold or distributed the Playboy Videos. 
334. 
At the time the Playboy Defendants sold or distributed the Playboy Videos, they 
had positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff 
was a minor and reasonably appeared to be a minor and recklessly disregarded the fact that the 
Playboy Videos depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct 
and constituted child pornography. 
335. 
The videotaped conduct of the Plaintiff in the Contests and the inclusion of the 
Plaintiff in the Playboy Videos and other videos sold or distributed by the Playboy Defendants 
conferred an economic benefit to the Playboy Defendants including, but not limited to, revenue 
generated from the sale, licensing, royalties, trademark usage, subscription fees for viewing, 
broadcasting and other use of such videos. 
336. 
The Playboy Defendants appreciated and accepted the economic benefit conferred 
upon them by the videotaped conduct of the Plaintiff. 
337. 
The acceptance and retention of the benefit by the Playboy Defendants under the 
circumstances would be inequitable. 
338. 
Plaintiff has no adequate legal remedy. This claim is asserted in the alternative to 
any legal claims asserted by the Plaintiff against these Defendants. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this Count 
for damages, prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and any other relief deemed 
appropriate by the Court. 
EFTA00730545
--- PAGE 52 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/2612006 
Page 52 of 65 
Count 32: Violations of 18 U.S.C. §22.52(a) 
(Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL) 
339. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of q1 - 149 above. 
340. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) against Image, Trans World, 
Best Buy and MEL for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a). 
341. 
Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL knowingly mailed, transported, shipped 
or distributed in interstate or foreign commerce the Playboy Videos depicting minors, including 
the Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct. Alternatively, Image, Trans World, Best 
Buy and MEL knowingly received or distributed the Playboy Videos that had previously been 
mailed, transported, shipped or distributed in interstate or foreign commerce. 
342. 
At the time Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL transported, shipped, 
received or distributed the Playboy Videos, they had positive knowledge or were consciously and 
willfully ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a minor and reasonably appeared to be a minor 
and recklessly disregarded the fact that the Playboy Videos depicted minors, including the 
Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
343. 
The above-described acts of Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL constitute 
violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a). 
344. 
The above-described acts of the Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL were 
intentional or were committed with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of applicable 
law, the consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of 
those acts. 
345. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
EFTA00730546
--- PAGE 53 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 53 of 65 
346. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), the Plaintiff is entitled to recover damages, her 
attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each and every violation of 
U.S.C. §2252(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 33: Violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a) 
(Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL) 
347. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of V - ¶49 above. 
348. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 18 U.S.C. §2252A(f) 
against Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
349. 
Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL knowingly mailed, transported, shipped 
or distributed in interstate or foreign commerce the Playboy Videos depicting minors, including 
the Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct. Alternatively, Image, Trans World, Best 
Buy and MEL knowingly received or distributed the Playboy Videos that had previously been 
mailed, transported, shipped or distributed in interstate or foreign commerce. 
350. 
At the time Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL transported, shipped, 
received or distributed the Playboy Videos, they had positive knowledge or were consciously and 
willfully ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a minor and reasonably appeared to be a minor 
and recklessly disregarded the fact that the Playboy Videos depicted minors, including the 
Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
351. 
The above-described acts of Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL constitute 
violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
EFTA00730547
--- PAGE 54 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 54 of 65 
352. 
The above-described acts of the Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL were 
intentional or were committed with reckless disregard for or conscious indifference of applicable 
law, the consequences of those acts, the exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of 
those acts. 
353. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
354. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 18 U.S.C. §2252A(f), the Plaintiff is entitled 
to recover damages, her attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each 
and every violation of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 
U.S.C. §2252A(f), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness 
fees, cost and any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 34: Violations of 18 U.S.C. $1466A(a)(1) 
(Image. Trans World, Best Buy and MEL) 
355. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations 0111 - ¶49 above. 
356. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(f) against Image, Trans 
World, Best Buy and MEL. 
357. 
Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL knowingly distributed, received or 
possessed with the intent to distribute the Playboy Videos. 
358. 
The Playboy Videos depict the Plaintiff and other minors engaged in sexually-
explicit conduct and are obscene. 
359. 
Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL Playboy Defendants mailed, shipped or 
transported the Playboy Videos, in whole or in part, in interstate or foreign commerce. 
EFTA00730548
--- PAGE 55 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 55 of 65 
360. 
At the time Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL mailed, shipped or 
transported the Playboy Videos, they had positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully 
ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a minor and reasonably appeared to be a minor and 
recklessly disregarded the fact that the Playboy Videos depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, 
engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
361. 
The acts of Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL constitute the knowing 
distribution of child pornography and violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1). 
362. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1), the Plaintiff 
has suffered personal injury and other damages. 
363. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(f), the Plaintiff is an aggrieved party and is 
entitled to recover damages, her attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, and costs incurred as a 
result of each and every violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(f), 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 35: Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress 
(Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL) 
364. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations °ill - 149 above. 
365. 
This is a claim for intentional infliction of emotional distress against Image, Trans 
World, Best Buy and MEL. 
366. 
Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL knowingly mailed, transported, shipped 
or distributed in interstate or foreign commerce the Playboy Videos depicting minors, including 
the Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct. Alternatively, Image, Trans World, Best 
EFTA00730549
--- PAGE 56 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 56 of 65 
Buy and MEL knowingly received or distributed the Playboy Videos that had previously been 
mailed, transported, shipped or distributed in interstate or foreign commerce. 
367. 
At the time Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL transported, shipped, 
received or distributed the Playboy Videos, they had positive knowledge or were consciously and 
willfully ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a minor and reasonably appeared to be a minor 
and recklessly disregarded the fact that the Playboy Videos depicted minors, including the 
Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
368. 
Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL engaged in outrageous conduct by 
distributing or selling the Playboy Videos. 
369. 
Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL knew or should have known that 
emotional distress would likely result from their outrageous conduct. 
370. 
The outrageous conduct of Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL caused 
severe emotional distress and other harm to the Plaintiff. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this Count 
for damages (including punitive damages), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and 
any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 36: Unjust Enrichment 
(Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL1 
371. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations °Ell -1149 above. 
372. 
This is a claim for unjust enrichment against Image, Trans World, Best Buy and 
MEL. 
373. 
Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL sold, advertised and distributed the 
Playboy Videos depicting the Plaintiff and other minors engaging in sexually-explicit conduct. 
374. 
At the time Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL sold, advertised and 
distributed the Playboy Videos, they had positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully 
EFTA00730550
--- PAGE 57 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 57 of 65 
ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a minor and reasonably appeared to be a minor and 
recklessly disregarded the fact that the Playboy Videos depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, 
engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
375. 
The videotaped conduct of the Plaintiff in the Contests and the inclusion of the 
Plaintiff in the videos sold or distributed by Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL conferred 
an economic benefit to Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL including, but not limited to, 
revenue generated from the sale, licensing, trademark usage or other use of videos of the Plaintiff 
in the Contests. 
376. 
Image, Trans World, Best Buy and MEL appreciated and accepted the economic 
benefit conferred upon them by the videotaped conduct of the Plaintiff. 
377. 
The acceptance and retention of the economic benefits by Image, Trans World, 
Best Buy and MEL under the circumstances would be inequitable. 
378. 
Plaintiff has no adequate legal remedy. This claim is asserted in the alternative to 
any legal claims asserted by the Plaintiff against these Defendants. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this Count 
for damages, prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and any other relief deemed 
appropriate by the Court. 
Count 37: Violations of 18 U.S.C. § 2252(a) 
(Broadcast Defendants) 
379. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations 0111 - 1[49 above. 
380. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) against the Broadcast 
Defendants for violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a). 
381. 
The Broadcast Defendants knowingly transmitted, re-transmitted. transmuted. 
broadcast, re-broadcast, distributed or disseminated in interstate or foreign commerce some or all 
of the videos identified in 9143 (a) through (g) (collectively the "Broadcast Videos"). 
EFTA00730551
--- PAGE 58 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 58 of 65 
Alternatively, the Broadcast Defendants knowingly received, down-linked, up-linked, encrypted, 
enhanced, transmitted, re-transmitted, transmuted, distributed or disseminated the Broadcast 
Videos which had been previously been transported, shipped, mailed, transmitted, re-transmitted, 
or distributed in interstate or foreign commerce. 
382. 
The aforementioned transmission, re-transmission, transmutation, broadcast, re-
broadcast, distribution or dissemination of the Broadcast Videos in interstate or foreign 
commerce involved use of the wire and cable systems of the United States, the United States 
mail and equipment owned or leased by the Broadcast Defendants that is subject to the laws of 
the United States. 
383. 
At the time the Broadcast Defendants transmitted, re-transmitted, transmuted, 
broadcast, re-broadcast, distributed or disseminated the Broadcast Videos, they had positive 
knowledge or were consciously and willfully ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a minor 
and reasonably appeared to be a minor and recklessly disregarded the fact that the Playboy 
Videos depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and 
constituted child pornography. 
384. 
The above-described acts of the Broadcast Defendants constitute violations of 18 
U.S.C. §2252(a). 
385. 
The above-described acts of the Broadcast Defendants were intentional or were 
committed with reckless disregard of applicable law, the consequences of those acts, the 
exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of those acts. 
386. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
EFTA00730552
--- PAGE 59 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 59 of 65 
387. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), the Plaintiff is entitled to recover damages, her 
attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each and every violation of 
U.S.C. §2252(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a), 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 38: Violations of 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(a) 
(Broadcast Defendants) 
388. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of V - ¶49 above. 
389. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 18 U.S.C. §2252A(f) 
against the "Broadcast Defendants" of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
390. 
The Broadcast Defendants knowingly transmitted, re-transmitted, transmuted, 
broadcast, re-broadcast, distributed or disseminated in interstate or foreign commerce the 
Broadcast Videos. Alternatively, the Broadcast Defendants knowingly received, down-linked, 
up-linked, encrypted, enhanced, transmitted, re-transmitted, transmuted, distributed or 
disseminated the Broadcast Videos which had been previously been transported, shipped, mailed, 
transmitted, re-transmitted, or distributed in interstate or foreign commerce. 
391. 
At the time the Broadcast Defendants transmitted, re-transmitted, transmuted, 
broadcast, re-broadcast, distributed or disseminated the Broadcast Videos, they had positive 
knowledge or were consciously and willfully ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a minor 
and reasonably appeared to be a minor and recklessly disregarded the fact that the Playboy 
Videos depicted minors. including the Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and 
constituted child pornography. 
EFTA00730553
--- PAGE 60 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 60 of 65 
392. 
The above-described acts of the Broadcast Defendants constitute violations of 18 
U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
393. 
The above-described acts of the Broadcast Defendants were intentional or were 
committed with reckless disregard of applicable law, the consequences of those acts, the 
exploitive nature of those acts and the illegal nature of those acts. 
394. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a), the Plaintiff has 
suffered personal injury and other damages. 
395. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 18 U.S.C. §2252A(f), the Plaintiff is entitled 
to recover damages, her attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred as a result of each 
and every violation of 18 U.S.C. §2252A(a). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) and 
U.S.C. § 2252A(f), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness 
fees, costs and any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 39: Violations of 18 U.S.C. §1466A(a)(1) 
(Broadcast Defendants) 
396. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of 11 - 149 above. 
397. 
This a claim brought pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(f) against the Broadcast 
Defendants. 
398. 
The Broadcast Defendants knowingly produced, distributed, received or 
possessed with the intent to distribute the Broadcast Videos. 
399. 
The Broadcast Videos depict the Plaintiff and other minors engaged in sexually-
explicit conduct and are obscene. 
400. 
The Broadcast Defendants mailed, shipped or transported the Broadcast Videos, 
in whole or in part, in interstate or foreign commerce. 
EFTA00730554
--- PAGE 61 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 61 of 65 
401. 
At the time the Broadcast Defendants mailed, shipped or transported the 
Broadcast Videos, they had positive knowledge or were consciously and willfully ignorant of the 
fact that the Plaintiff was a minor and reasonably appeared to be a minor and recklessly 
disregarded the fact that the Broadcast Videos depicted minors, including the Plaintiff, engaging 
in sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
402. 
The acts of the Broadcast Defendants constitute the knowing distribution of child 
pornography and violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1). 
403. 
As a proximate cause of the violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1), the Plaintiff 
has suffered personal injury and other damages. 
404. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(f), the Plaintiff is an aggrieved party and is 
entitled to recover damages, her attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, and costs incurred as a 
result of each and every violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1466A(a)(1). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), all remedies available under 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(f), 
prejudgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, costs and any other 
relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 40: Common Law Negligence 
(Broadcast Defendants) 
405. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations 0111 -149 above. 
406. 
This is a claim for negligence against the Broadcast Defendants. 
407. 
At all relevant times, the Broadcast Defendants owed the Plaintiff a duty of 
reasonable care not to broadcast or to transmit videos or images depicting the minor Plaintiff 
engaging in sexually-explicit conduct. 
EFTA00730555
--- PAGE 62 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 62 of 65 
408. 
The Broadcast Defendants breached their duty of care by broadcasting or 
transmitting the Broadcast Videos or other video programming content depicting the Plaintiff 
and other minors engaging in sexually-explicit conduct. 
409. 
At the time the Broadcast Defendants transmitted or broadcast the Broadcast 
Videos or other video programming content depicting the Plaintiff and other minors engaging in 
sexually-explicit conduct, the Broadcast Defendants knew or should have known that the 
Plaintiff and others depicted in the Broadcast Videos or other video programming content were 
minors. 
410. 
As a proximate result of the breach of duty by the Broadcast Defendants, the 
Plaintiff has incurred damages. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this count 
for damages (including punitive damages), prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and 
any other relief deemed appropriate by the Court. 
Count 41: Unjust Enrichment 
(Broadcast Defendants1 
411. 
Plaintiff incorporates herein the allegations of I  1 -9149 above. 
412. 
This is a claim for unjust enrichment against the Broadcast Defendants. 
413. 
At the time the Broadcast Defendants down-linked, up-linked, encrypted, 
enhanced, transmitted, re-transmitted, transmuted, distributed or disseminated distributed, 
broadcast or transmitted the Broadcast Videos, they had positive knowledge or were consciously 
and willfully ignorant of the fact that the Plaintiff was a minor and reasonably appeared to be a 
minor and recklessly disregarded the fact that the Broadcast Videos depicted minors, including 
the Plaintiff, engaging in sexually-explicit conduct and constituted child pornography. 
414. 
The videotaped conduct of the Plaintiff in the Contests and the inclusion of the 
Plaintiff in the Broadcast Videos, distributed, broadcast or transmitted by the Broadcast 
EFTA00730556
--- PAGE 63 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 63 of 65 
Defendants, conferred an economic benefit to the Broadcast Defendants including, but not 
limited to, revenue generated from the sale, licensing, distribution, broadcasting, transmission, 
re-transmission, encryption, enhancement or transmutation of the Broadcast Videos. 
415. 
The Broadcast Defendants appreciated and accepted the economic benefits 
conferred upon them by the videotaped conduct of the Plaintiff. 
416. 
The acceptance and retention of the economic benefits by the Broadcast 
Defendants under the circumstances would be inequitable. 
417. 
Plaintiff has no adequate legal remedy. This claim is asserted in the alternative to 
any legal claims asserted by the Plaintiff against these Defendants. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against the defendants named in this Count 
for damages, prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs and any other relief deemed 
appropriate by the Court. 
Demand for Jury Trial Under Rule 38(h) 
Plaintiff demands a jury trial on all issues so triable. 
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/ Mark S. Howard 
Mark S. Howard, Esq. 
Florida Bar No. 774146 
THE SOLOMON TROPP LAW GROUP, P.A. 
1881 West Kennedy Boulevard 
Tama Florida 33606-1606 
Attorneys for Julie Tilton 
EFTA00730557
--- PAGE 64 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 64 of 65 
Certificate of Service 
I hereby certify that on June 26. 2006, a copy of the foregoing has been furnished by 
electronic filing and/or United States Mail to the following: 
Kimble Clark Bouchillon, Esquire 
Frost, Tamayo, Sessums & Aranda, P.A. 
395 S. Central Avenue 
P.O. Box 2188 
Bartow, Florida 33831-2188 
Email: 
Robert T. Bowling, Esquire 
Bruce A. Hanna, Esquire 
Richard Brooks Casey, Esquire 
Cobb & Cole 
150 Magnolia Ave. 
P.O. Box 2491 
Da tona Beach, Florida 32114 
Camille Godwin, Esquire 
Cohen, Jayson, & Foster, P.A. 
201 E. Kennedy Blvd., Suite 1000 
1111111
=
Richard S. Shankman, Esquire 
Litigation Concepts, L.C. 
do Shankman Tancredo & Co., L.C. 
1306 Thonotosassa Rd. 
Plant Cit , FL 33563-4336 
I 
Email: 
Kevin O'Connor, Esquire 
Law Office of Kevin O'Connor 
100 North Biscayne Blvd., Suite 1101 
Miami Florida 
2 
Email: 
G. Mark Thompson, Esquire 
Marshall, Dennehey, et al. 
Landmark Center One 
315 E. Robinson St., Suite 475 
Email: 
David R. Cassetty, Esquire 
Office of the Attorney General 
Executive Office Building, Utulei 
Box 7 
Pa o Pa o. AS 96799 
Email: 
Mark E. Pena, Esquire 
Law Offices of Mark E. Pena 
334 South Hyde Park Ave., Suite 150 
Tama, Florida 33606 
Email: 
EFTA00730558
--- PAGE 65 ---
Case 8:05-cv-00692-JSM-TGW 
Document 41 
Filed 06/26/2006 
Page 65 of 65 
Thomas R. Julin, Esquire 
Jamie Zysk, Esquire 
Hunton & Williams, LLP 
Mellon Finanical center 
1111 Brickell Avenue 
Suite 2500 
Miami, Florida 33131
William C. Guerrant, Jr., Esquire 
Benjamin H. Hill, III, Es uire 
Hill Ward & Henderson, 
. 
101 E. Kennedy Blvd., Suite 3700 
alla 
MEM 
Michael C. Huddleston, Esquire 
Huddleston & Teal, ■. 
114 West Rich Ave. 
Deland, Florida 32720 
Brian A. Howie, Esquire 
Peter A. Moll, Esquire 
Brian D. Wallach, Esquire 
Howley Simon, LLP 
1299 Pennsylvania Ave., N.W. 
Washington, D.C. 20004 
IEW
Email: 
Paul Prewitt, Pro Se 
503 Glenview Blvd. 
Daytona Beach, Florida 32118 
Telephone: 
Telecolit 
Email: 
/s/ Mark S. Howard 
Mark S. Howard, Esq. 
Florida Bar No. 774146 
THE SOLOMON TROPP LAW GROUP, P.A. 
1881 West Kennedy Boulevard 
Tama Florida 33606-1606 
orneys ne
t 
EFTA00730559

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730560.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730560.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thomas Alexander Savage 
MILITARY 
Special Air Service Regiment (The SAS) 
years 
Counter Revolutionary Warfare - Anti Terrorism. 
Presidential - Executive Close Protection & Personnel Security (SAS Instructor). 
The Middle East, Far East, Central & South America, The Caribbean, Europe, The United 
Kingdom & Northern Ireland. 
PRIVATE SECTOR EXPERIENCE 
years 
Dignitary-Executive Close Protection & Personal Security. 
International Security Management & Training. 
Private Investigations, Hostage & Asset Recovery. 
Director of Security to the Hospitality Industry. 
The Middle East, Africa, Europe, United Kingdom, Canada, USA, Mexico, Central & South 
America. 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY. 
2001/Present. 
Executive Protection, Investigative Security & Security Training Consultant 
for PI Content Investigations, Palm Beach Gardens. 
1993/2001. 
Anglo-American Security & Investigative Associates. President-
Investigator, owner operator. 
1987/1993. 
Independent Security Consultant, Protector & Investigator. 
1986/1987. 
G. Gordon Liddy & Associates. 
V.P. Corporate Security, Investigations & Training. 
1985/1986. 
The Alexander Hotel & The Sheraton Bal Harbor Hotel. 
Director of Security, & Deputy Director of Security. 
1984/1985. 
The Mayfair House Hotel. Director of Security. 
1982/1984 
The Pavillion Hotel & Miami Center. (Now the "Intercontinental") 
Security Consultant , & Rooms Division Manager. 
1982/1982. 
The Government of Uganda, & President Milton Obote. 
Consultant-Trainer, rank of Deputy Chief Superintendent of Police 
1981/1982 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, HRH. Prince Turki bin Abdullah Aziz. 
His Close protection Team, as Team Leader. 
1980/1981 
The Sultan of Oman, his palace at Seeb, The Sultanate of Oman. 
Selected &Trained the Sultans Personal Body Guard. 
1970/1980 
Special Air Service Regiment, (The SAS). Completed 10 years of active 
operational duty worldwide, was wounded in 
action in the Middle East. At retirement had achieved the rank of sergeant. 
Retiring with an honorable discharge. 
EFTA00730560

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730561.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730561.pdf
----------------------------------------
Financial Times. December 10, 2009 
/NI) 
AMSOUPittMEN/ AAAAAAA AS 
A YAM. 
t1(0.0 
OILY 
vivendi 
has acquired 
GVT (Holding) S.A. 
a leading telecom operator in Brazil 
by way of a tender offer 
that valued 100% of GVT's 
equity approximately 
US$ 4.1 billion 
Credit des Alpes 
originated the proposal 
for the transaction and advised 
GVT's majority shareholders 
Nthembec 2009 
Credit des Alpe. 
m
reee 
EFTA00730561

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730562.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730562.pdf
----------------------------------------
G6 Investigations, Consulting & Protection Group, Int 
2101 N. Commerce Parkwa , Weston, Florida 33326-3238 
FLLic. A-26003I2 
Tony R. Rode 
Formal Education: 
University of Louisville 
Graduate Program (6 Credit Hours) 1995 
Length of Tenure: 
November 2007 — July 2009 
St. Thomas University, Miami, FL. 
Bachelor of Arts Degree 
Criminal Justice (1991) 
Miami-Dade Communi
ge
tyColle 
Associate of Arts Degree 
Criminal Justice (1978) 
years of Law Enforcement experience 
With the Hollywood Police Department 
Retired July 31. 2009 
Professional Work Experience 
Police Captain 
Patrol Division 
Special Operations Section 
Captain rank responsible for the effective and efficient management of all members assigned to the 
Community Oriented Policing Division. Said Captain establishes goals & objectives that are congruent 
with the Department's mission statement and overall Strategic Plan. 
March 2001 — October 2007: 
Police Lieutenant/Police Captain 
Administrative Services 
Public Affairs Unit 
Lieutenant rank responsible for the coordination and disseminating of information provided to the media 
and general public. Responsible for promoting the Hollywood Police Department and its services through 
Community Based Programs, i.e. Crime Watch, Citizen's Police Academy, Crime Prevention Programs, 
Public Information Office, Honor Guard, Chaplain's Program, Volunteers in Policing Program, Employee 
Recognition. 
Feb. 2000 — March 2001: 
Police Lieutenant/Commander 
Operations Bureau 
Investigations & Consulting, • Prop/161/47g the Highest Standard of Qua/fry Service 
EFTA00730562
--- PAGE 2 ---
Community Oriented Policing Division 
Uniform Patrol Section 
Shift Commander responsible for Uniform Patrol, specifically the Bravo Shift. This Police Lieutenant 
assignment leads an entire shift and is accountable for the successful handling of crisis situations, 
emergency calls for service, career development, Community Oriented Policing Philosophy, 
administrative projects, and operational issues. The Shift Commander must ensure compliance with 
department policies, procedures, rules and regulations, promote public relations, deploy sworn and 
civilian personnel, identify training issues, complete performance ratings, utilize critical thinking, 
demonstrate solid decision making and leadership. 
August 1997 — Feb. 2000: 
Police Sergeant/Supervisor 
Criminal Investigations Division 
Detective Bureau 
Crimes against Property Section 
This Sergeant assignment is responsible for managing and supervising Criminal Investigations that 
directly relate to Business/Residential Burglaries, Auto Thefts, Grand Thefts, Vandalisms, Pawn Shop 
Inspections, & Crime Analysis. This position required case management and review, performance 
evaluations, training and development of personnel, case filing, interviews and interrogations. Review of 
criminal investigations prior to judicial hearings. 
March 1995 — Aug. 1997: 
Police Sergeant 
Patrol Division 
Uniform Patrol Section 
The scope of my duties included direct line supervision of a patrol squad. I have worked on the Alpha, 
Bravo and Charlie Shifts and directed my efforts towards community and business interaction, crime 
prevention analysis, resource provisions and referral, investigative techniques, bridging the gap between 
the Police Department and the community, manpower allocation, administrative tasks, performance 
evaluations, critical incident management and public relations. 
July 1991 - March 1995: 
Police Sergeant 
Personnel/Training Unit 
Personnel Section 
The scope of my duties included the recruiting, selection, and hiring of qualified sworn/non-sworn 
applicants, to fill available vacancies within the Hollywood Police Department. Selections were made in 
accordance with all federal, state, & local employment uidelines, with strict adherence to E.E.O.C. 
(Equal Employment Opportunity Commission) and the 
(Florida Department of Law 
Enforcement) training and standards commission requirements. 
June 1990 — July 1991: 
Police Sergeant 
PersonneUTraining Unit 
Field Training Unit Supervisor 
The Field Training Sergeant's responsibility was department wide and involved human resource 
management, budget formation and oversight, line supervision, training program development and 
implementation, personnel development and training, cultural diversity management, handling affirmative 
action complaints, risk management, reduction of exposure of litigation to the organization through 
Investigations & Consulting, • Providing the Highest faded of &alio, Jamie 
EFTA00730563
--- PAGE 3 ---
training. The daily duties entailed oversight of Field Training Program, Field Training Officers, New 
Police Recruits. Police Academy Advisor, Rangemaster and Range Facility. 
Oct. 1987 — June 1990: 
Police Sergeant 
Patrol Division 
Uniform Patrol Section 
The scope of my duties included direct line supervision of a patrol squad. I have worked on the Alpha, 
Bravo and Charlie Shifts and directed my efforts towards community and business interaction, crime 
prevention analysis, resource provisions and referral, investigative techniques, bridging the gap between 
the Police Department and the community, manpower allocation, administrative tasks, performance 
evaluations, critical incident management and public relations. 
Oct. 1984 — Oct. 1987: 
Police Officer 
Administrative Division 
Personnel & Training Unit 
Field Training Officer/Background Investigator 
The scope of my duties as a Field Training Officer and Background Investigator were directed towards 
personnel recruitment, critical thinking, coaching, human resource management, personnel development 
and training, conducting training classes as an instructor, personnel background investigations, policy and 
procedure formation and oversight. Performed in the field with new recruits as a Field Training Officer 
and provided guidance in officer safety, report writing, radio procedures, arrest procedures, criminal law, 
inter-agency coordination, crisis management, stress awareness, problem resolution, and projecting a 
positive image for themselves and the organization. 
January 1982 — Oct. 1984: 
Police Officer 
Traffic Homicide Unit 
Motorcycle Squad 
As an Officer assigned to the Traffic Homicide Unit, my fundamental duties and responsibilities were to 
investigate serious or fatal accidents, preserve crime scenes, gather evidence and/or witnesses, make 
arrest when necessary, and properly prepare criminal investigations for court appearances. 
August 1979 — Jan. 1982: 
Police Officer 
Patrol Division 
Uniform Patrol Officer 
Responded to dispatched calls for service. Learning process for true team policing ideas and programs. 
Specialized Training 
• 
400 Level Course 
o Command Systems (NIMS) Training 
o Department of Homeland Security 
o August 2007 
• 
F.L.E.P.I.O.A. 
o Specialized Training in the Field of Media Relations 
o June 2007 
• 
Police Executive Research Forum 
Investigations & Consulting, • Providing the Highest Standard of Quality ferrite 
EFTA00730564
--- PAGE 4 ---
o Community Oriented Policing/Problem Solving 
o San Diego, CA. 
o December 2000 40 hours 
• 
University of Louisville 
o Southern Police Institute 
o Administrative Officers Course 
o 1995, 400 hours 
• 
Over 1500 additional hours in different Law Enforcement training areas 
Affiliations: Member of: 
Nativity Catholic Church 
Hollywood Y.M.C.A. & LA Fitness 
Hollywood Rotary Park (Baseball Coach) 
Hollywood Hills Civic Association 
St. Thomas University Alumni 
International Association of Chiefs of Police 
Broward County Chiefs of Police Association 
Hollywood Police Benevolent Association 
Broward County Police Benevolent Association 
Florida Law Enforcement PIO Association 
Hollywood Police Pension Board — Trustee 
Investigations & Consulting, • Providing the Illghest Standard of Quality Service 
EFTA00730565

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730566.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730566.pdf
----------------------------------------
Topics for Document Requests 
Accounting Irregularities 
1. 
Report of Independent Review 
2. 
Docs relating to Report of Independent Review 
3. 
Docs produced, reviewed, created in connection with the internal investigation 
4. 
Witness statements from investigation 
5. 
Docs concerning the SEC, including does produced to the SEC and docs received from 
the SEC 
6. 
SEC subpoenas 
7. 
Testimony given to SEC 
8. 
Docs and testimony given to any other agency or regulatory body 
9. 
Docs concerning termination of CFO and CFO litigation 
10. 
Other employee litigation 
Fortress 
1. 
Due diligence re: Fund 
2. 
Review, analysis of redemption claims and exposure 
3. 
Docs concerning FTC claims 
4. 
Indemnity Agreement w/ DZ 
5. 
Joint Defense/Common Interest Agreement w/DZ 
6. 
Information Sharing Agreement 
7. 
Inventories, indices, summaries of does held by third-party vendor 
8. 
Litigations, arbitrations with investors (pleadings, discovery, settlements, etc.) 
9. 
Redemption requests by others 
I418703v1 
EFTA00730566
--- PAGE 2 ---
10. 
Filings with SEC or other agencies 
Fund Documents 
1. 
Reports and communications with investors and FTC 
2. 
Valuations, both internal and provided to investors 
3. 
Account statements 
4. 
LPAs and amendments; drafts 
5. 
Subscription does 
6. 
Offering Memoranda 
7. 
SEC filings or other agency filings 
8. 
Communications, meetings with Dubin and/or Zwim re FTC's initial investment and 
subsequent investments 
FTC Redemption 
1. 
All docs re FTC redemption requests 
2. 
Emails, notes, memos, telephone records 
3. 
Internal memos and discussions 
4. 
Analyses of FTC requests 
5. 
Communications with others, incl. Glenn Dubin 
Other 
1. 
List of all does withheld as privileged 
2. 
Does concerning Dubin withdrawal of funds under management 
- 2 - 
I418703v1 
EFTA00730567

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730568.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transaction Summary 
Overview - Privium intends to raise $325 million to make two simultaneous investments in wings 
Enterprises and MMFX. The terms of the transactions are as follows: 
MMFX - Privium shall provide sufficient capital to retire all of the outstanding debt (estimated at a 
maximum of $65 million) plus an additional $10 to MMFX for working capital in exchange for 80% of the 
equity of MMFX on a fully diluted basis. 
Wings — Privium shall provide a total of $150 million of capital to Wings plus 10% of the equity of MMFX 
in exchange for the following: 
• 
45% of the equity of the iron ore operation; 
• 
20% of the Rare Earth operation; and 
• 
15% of the port. 
The cash portion of the consideration will be funded as follows: 
• 
$20 million on or before December 5th, 2010; 
• 
$30 million on or before January 71h, 2011; and 
• 
the balanced of $100 million to be determined. 
The remaining $100 million of capital in Privium from the capital raise will be utilized for additional 
potential investment in Wings, potential purchase of mill for MMFX and general corporate purposes. 
In exchange for the $325 million the investor will receive 70% of the Privium entity that hold the Wings 
and MMFX equity in the transaction. 
EFTA00730568

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730569.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730569.pdf
----------------------------------------
LIBERTY 
TRAWL 
LIBERTY TRAVEL 
America's Vacation Experts 
Pho
PREPARED FOR 
ISABEL SYLVIA MAXWELL 
RESERVATION CODE 
ONYXES 
TRIP TO 
TEL AVIV TLV, ISRAEL 
TRAVEL DATES 
Oct 24 - Nov 05 
Sunday Oct 24 
LAX 
LOS ANGELES, CA 
ATL 
ATLANTA, GA 
Arriving At 
05:44pm 
Terminal 
SOUTH TERMINAL 
DELTA AIR LINES INC 
DL 0101 
Passenger Name 
» ISABEL SYLVIA MAXWELL 
Airline Reservation Code 
Status 
Departing At 
10:25am 
Terminal 
TERMINAL 5 
Seats 
Check-In Required 
GZC9HO 
Confirmed 
Duration 
Class 
Aircraft 
BOEING 757 JET 
Gate 
04hr(s) :19min(s)
Economy 
Check for Latest 
Information 
1943 
Meals 
Smoking
Food For Purchase 
No 
Please verify flight times prior to departure 
Stop(s) 
Distance (in MIlest 
Sunday Oct 24 
ATL 
MAD 
ATLANTA, GA -Mlir 
MADRID, SPAIN 
Departing At 
07:00pm 
Sun, Oct 24 
Terminal 
SOUTH TERMINAL 
DELTA AIR LINES INC 
DL 0108 
Passenger Name 
» ISABEL SYLVIA MAXWELL 
Airline Reservation Code 
Status 
Aircraft 
Seats 
Check-In Required 
GZC9HO 
Confirmed 
Duration 
Class 
BOEING 767 JET 
Meals 
Dinner
Smoking 
 No 
Please verify flight times prior to departure 
Monday Oct 25 
a 
Gate 
Arriving At 
09:35am 
Mon, Oct 25 
Terminal 
TERMINAL 1 
Sto 
Distance (in Miles) 
08hr(s) :35mIn(s) 
Economy 
Check for Latest 
Information 
4327 
MAD 
MADRID, SPAIN 
RAK 
MARRAKECH, MOROCCO 
Arriving At 
08:25pm 
Terminal 
TERMINAL 1 
ROYAL AIR MAROC 
AT 0689 
OPERATED BY 
ATLAS BLUE 
Passenger Name 
» ISABEL SYLVIA MAXWELL 
Aldine Reservation Code 
Status 
Aircraft 
Departing At 
08:25pm 
Terminal 
TERMINAL 4 SATELLITE 
Seats 
Check-In Required 
Z2NZU7 
Confirmed 
BOEING 737-400 JET 
Duration 
Class 
Gate 
02hr(s) :00mIn(s) 
Economy 
Check for Latest 
Information 
EFTA00730569
--- PAGE 2 ---
Stop(s) 
Smoking 
No 
Please verify flight times prior to departure 
Distance (in Miles) 
0661 
Friday Oct 29 
RAK 
MARRAKECH. MOROCCO 
AGA 
AGADIR, MOROCCO 
SWISS 
LX 8102 
OPERATED BY 
EDELWEISS AIR 
Passenger Name 
ISABEL SYLVIA MAXWELL 
Airline Reservation Code 
Status 
Aircraft 
Departing At 
12:10pm 
Terminal 
TERMINAL 1 
Seats 
Check-In Required 
T4UPYH 
Confirmed 
Duration 
Class 
Arriving At 
12:45pm 
Terminal 
Not Available 
AIRBUS INDUSTRIE 
A320 JET 
Gate 
Meals 
Served 
Smoking 
 No 
Please verify Night tines prior to departure 
Stop(s) 
Distance (in Miles) 
00hr(s) :35min(s) 
Economy 
Check for Latest 
Information 
Intermediate At 
AGADIR. MOROCCO 
Change Of Aircraft Not 
Required 
0124 
Friday Oct 29 at 
AGA 
AGADIR, MOROCCO 
I 
ZRH 
ZURICH. SWITZERLAND 
SWISS 
LX 8102 
Passenger Name 
ISABEL SYLVIA MAXWELL 
Airline Reservation Code 
Status 
Aircraft 
Departing At 
01:25pm 
Terminal 
Not Available 
Seats 
Check-In Required 
T4UPYH 
Confirmed 
AIRBUS INDUSTRIE 
A320 JET 
Meals 
Served 
Smoking 
 No 
Please verify Night tines prior to departure 
Duration 
Class 
Gate 
Stop(s)
Distance (in Miles) 
Arriving At 
07:00pm 
Terminal 
Not Available 
03hr(s) :35min(s) 
Economy 
Check for Latest 
information 
1522 
Friday Oct 29 
ZRH
ZURICH, SWITZERLAND 
• 
TLV 
TEL AVIV TLV. ISRAEL 
SWISS 
LX 0256 
Passenger Name 
» ISABEL SYLVIA MAXWELL 
Airline Reservation Code 
Status 
Aircraft 
Meals 
Departing At 
10:45pm 
Fri, Oct 29 
Terminal 
Not Available 
Seats 
Check-In Required 
T4UPYH
Confirmed 
AIRBUS INDUSTRIE 
A332 JET 
Smoking 
Please verify flight times prior to departure 
Served 
No 
Duration 
Class 
Gate 
Stop(s) 
Distance (in Miles) 
Arriving At 
02:30am 
Sat, Oct 30 
Terminal 
TERMINAL 3 INTERNATIONAL 
03hr(s) :45min(s) 
Economy 
'theca for Latest 
information 
1742 
TLV
alai 
_a 
EFTA00730570
--- PAGE 3 ---
Thursday Nov 4 
TEL AVIV TLV. ISRAEL 
NEW YORK JFK. NY 
Airline Reservation Code 
Status 
Aircraft 
DELTA AIR LINES INC 
DL 0269 
Departing At 
11:30pm 
Thu, Nov 4 
Terminal 
TERMINAL 3 INTERNATIONAL 
Passenger Name 
Seats 
» ISABEL SYLVIA MAXWELL 
Check-In Required 
GZC9HO 
Confirmed 
Class 
BOEING 747 JET 
Duration 
Arriving At 
05:40am 
Fri. Nov 5 
Terminal 
TERMINAL 3 
Gate 
12hr(s) :10min(s) 
Economy 
neck for I atest 
Information 
Meals 
Smoking 
Please verify flight times prior to departure 
Dinner
No 
Stop(s)
Distance tin Miles) 
5666 
Friday Nov 5 
JFK 
NEW YORK JFK, NY 
LAX 
LOS ANGELES. CA 
DELTA AIR LINES INC 
DL 2663 
Passenger Name 
» ISABEL SYLVIA MAXWELL 
Airline Reservation Code 
Status 
Aircraft 
Meals 
Smoking 
Departing At 
07:00am 
Terminal 
TERMINAL 2 
Seats 
Check-In Required 
GZC9HO 
Confirmed 
BOEING 757 200 
SERIES JET 
Please verify flight times prior to departure 
Food For Purchase 
No 
Arriving At 
10:20am 
Terminal 
TERMINAL 5 
Duration 
Class 
Gate 
Stop(s) 
Distance (in Miles) 
06hr(s) :20mIn(s) 
Economy 
ClIeS.MOLLMOSI 
InternistIon 
2461 
Notes 
' ALL PASSENGERS 16 YEARS OF AGE AND OLDER MUST 
' TRAVEL UNDER FULL LEGAL NAMES WITH A GOVT 
' ISSUED PHOTO ID IN THAT NAME 
'ALL PASSENGERS TRAVELING OUTSIDE THE 50 UNITED STATES 
'MAY REQUIRE TO CARRY A VALID PASSPORT AND/OR VISA 
'PLEASE CHECK WITH YOUR TRAVEL CONSULTANT 
'ALL FLIGHT TIMES MUST BE CONFIRMED WITH THE AIRLINES 
' AT LEAST 48 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
' CHECK IN FOR ALL AIRLINES IS A MINIMUM OF 90 
' MINUTES PRIOR TO DEPARTURE TIME 
' LIBERTY TRAVEL IS HERE TO SERVICE YOU BEFORE 
' DURING AND AFTER YOUR TRIP. PLEASE DO NOT HESITATE 
' TO CALL YOUR TRAVEL CONSULTANT. 
TOTAL AIRFARE INCLUDING TAXES AND FEES- 2669.00 PER PERSON. 
AIRFARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL PAID IN FULL. 
DATE CHANGES BEFORE DEPARTURE- 300.00 PLUS ANY FARE DIFF. 
DATE CHANGES AFTER DEPARTURE- 300.00 PLUS ANY FARE DIFF. 
ALL CHANGES ARE SUBJECT TO AVAILABILITY. 
CANCELLATION PENALTIES BEFORE DEPARTURE- NON REFUNDABLE. 
CANCELLATION PENALTIES AFTER DEPARTURE- NON REFUNDABLE. 
EFTA00730571

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730572.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730572.pdf
----------------------------------------
TRIM PAINT 
Benjamin Moore 'Mermaid Green' 2039-50 
J.F? NIC3L,'Y 
Ll X 
74,, 
EFTA00730572

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730573.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730573.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ilt,,
..4 + lawaii fle_alivie Arts College ni 
School of Massage Therapy 
Tuition for 600-Hour Professional Licensing Program in 2009 
* Application Fee (Non-Refundable) 
$ 
300 
* Tuition 
$ 6,200 
* Textbooks, Massage Supplies & Student Insurance 
$ 
500 
* Hawaii Sate Sales Tax 
$ 
330 
* Total Tuition Payment 
$ 7,330 
Kailua Medical Arts 
— 
— 
— ailua, Hawaii 96734 
Toll Free 
FAX 1-808-266-2460 
Web page: 
Email: 
EFTA00730573

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730574.pdf
----------------------------------------
urbanARCHAEOLOGY 
EXTERIOR LIGHTING WALLMOUNT 
$2605 Polished Brass 
$2950 Polished Chrome 
Polished Nickel 
Green Patina* 
Brown Patina* 
$3295 Satin Nickel* 
Architectural Bronze" 
Statuary Brown" 
Statuary Black" 
Antique Brass" 
Antique Nickel* 
* 
c 
Custom finishes —
not returnable 
Incandescent 
Medium Base 
100w x 2 
Listed for use in 
WET environments 
$45 ea 
Replacement Glass (3x) 
UA5560 RG 
UA0308 EL 
I- SI/2" -I 
I 
II 3/4* -I 
CHRYSLER 
I-I- 
I/4-
NEW YORK 
I 
BRIDGEHAMPTON 
I 
BOSTON 
CHICAGO 
WWW.URBANARCHAEOLOGY.COM 
REV 12.04.09 
EFTA00730574

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730575.pdf
----------------------------------------
urbanARCHAEOLOGY 
EXTERIOR LIGHTING WALLMOUNT 
$1925 Polished Brass* 
Architectural Bronze* 
Statuary Brown* 
Statuary Black* 
Antique Brass* 
$1515 Green Patina 
Brown Patina* 
Custom finishes —
not returnable 
Incandescent 
Medium Base 
100w x 1 
Listed for use in 
DAMP environments 
$75 Replacement Glass 
UA5534-RG 
W 
I 
I61" 
si" 
UA0323 EL 
BATTERY PARK 
NEW YORK 
I 
BRIDGEHAMPTON 
I 
BOSTON 
WWW.URBANARCHAEOLOGY.COM 
CHICAGO 
EFTA00730575

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730576.pdf
----------------------------------------
TOLLING AGREEMENT 
THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into by and between Jeepers, Inc., Financial 
Trust Company, Inc., and Jeffrey Epstein (collectively "Epstein") and D.B. Zwim Partners, LLC, 
D.B. Zwim & Co., Inc., and Daniel Zwirn (collectively "Zwim") (together, "the Parties"). 
WHEREAS, disputes have arisen between the Parties concerning, among other things, 
Epstein's investment in the D.B. Zwim Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. k/n/a Fortress Value 
Recovery Fund I LLC ("Fund") (including, without limitation, all of Epstein's capital 
contributions made therein), Epstein's capital account in connection therewith, and Epstein's 
withdrawal of the same; and 
WHEREAS, the Parties desire to seek a resolution of these disputes without resort to 
litigation, and would therefore like to allow sufficient time to complete discussions regarding an 
amicable resolution before resorting to litigation. 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 
1. 
In consideration for Epstein's agreement to forebear from the commencement of 
litigation proceedings immediately against Zwim in connection with the aforementioned 
potential disputes, Zwirn agrees that all relevant periods of limitations, laches, waiver or estoppel 
pertaining to any complaint, claim, defense or cause of action, arising out of or relating to the 
aforementioned disputes between the Parties, shall be tolled and suspended from the effective 
date of this Tolling Agreement, 
, 2010 (the "Effective Date"), until this Agreement 
is terminated in accordance with the terms contained below. 
2. 
The tolling and suspension of all such relevant periods of limitations, laches or 
estoppel as provided in paragraph 1 hereof shall remain in effect until 5:00PM New York Time 
on October 22, 2010; provided, however, that any of the Parties may terminate this Tolling 
Agreement by giving written notice of termination, in which case termination shall be effective 
fifteen (15) days after receipt of such written notice. The time period from the Effective Date 
through and including the earlier of October 22, 2010 or the fifteen days following notice of such 
earlier termination is hereinafter referred to as the "Tolling Period". 
3. 
If any claim is made or suit or arbitration is instituted by Epstein with respect to 
the disputes addressed herein, then for the purpose of determining the availability of, or effect of, 
such a claim asserted by Epstein, or any defense thereto, including, without limitation, 
determining whether such a claim is barred by statute of limitations, laches, waiver, or estoppel, 
the Tolling Period shall be considered as a tolled period and shall be omitted from any 
calculation of any applicable limitations period or any other time period for the purposes of 
evaluating any claims of laches, waiver or estoppel. 
4. 
This Tolling Agreement shall not constitute a settlement, release, abandonment, 
or limitation respecting any matter arising out of or relating to the aforementioned disputes, nor 
any admission, waiver or estoppel with respect thereto on the part of any of the Parties. 
5. 
Epstein shall not commence any litigation or arbitration proceedings against 
Zwim relating to the aforementioned potential disputes until after the Termination Date. 
1037650v1/011585 
EFTA00730576
--- PAGE 2 ---
6. 
Zwim shall not commence any litigation or arbitration proceedings against 
Epstein relating to the aforementioned potential disputes until seven (7) days after the 
Termination Date. 
7. 
All notices or other communications hereunder shall be given in person, by hand, 
by facsimile, by electronic mail, by overnight courier or mail, or by postpaid certified mail, 
return receipt requested, to the persons and at the addresses or facsimile numbers designated on 
the signature page below, or at such other addresses or facsimile numbers as any of the Parties 
may hereafter designate by written notice to the others in accordance with this provision. 
8. 
The Parties agree that if any part, term, or provision of this Tolling Agreement 
shall be found unenforceable or in conflict with any valid controlling law, the validity of the 
remaining provisions shall not be affected. 
9. 
No provision of the Tolling Agreement may be amended, modified or waived 
except by a writing signed by all of the Parties. 
10. 
The execution and delivery of this Tolling Agreement shall not constitute an 
admission of liability by any of the Parties, nor shall this Tolling Agreement create rights in 
favor of, or obligation to, any person other than the Parties hereto. Subject to the foregoing, this 
Tolling Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties, and their 
respective agents, heirs, survivors, executors, successors, and assigns. 
II. 
The Parties agree and understand that execution of this Agreement does not 
affect, in any manner, any complaints, claims, cross claims, setoffs or defenses the Parties may 
have against each other in anything not associated with the potential disputes described herein. 
1037650v 1/011585 
EFTA00730577
--- PAGE 3 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Tolling Agreement to be 
executed by their duly authorized officers or representatives on the respective dates set forth 
below. 
Jeepers Inc. 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
By: 
By:  
Date: 
Date: 
Printed name: 
Printed name: 
Title: 
Title: 
Address: 
Address: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Email: 
Email: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
D.B. Zwirn Partners, LLC 
By: 
By: 
Date:  
Date:  
Printed name: 
Printed name: 
Address: 
Title: 
Fax: 
Address: 
Email: 
Fax: 
Email: 
1037650v 1/011585 
EFTA00730578
--- PAGE 4 ---
D.B. Zwirn & Co. L.P. 
Daniel B. Zwirn 
By: 
By: 
Date: 
Date: 
Printed name: 
Printed name: 
Title: 
Title: 
Address: 
Address: 
Fax: 
Fax: 
Email: 
Email: 
1037650v 1/011585 
EFTA00730579

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730580.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 
10-80309 
JANE DOE No. 103, 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
UNOPPOSED MOTION TO SEAL AND PROCEED ANONYMOUSLY 
AND INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 103, by and through her undersigned counsel and pursuant to Rule 
5.4 S.D.Fla.L.R., moves this Court to enter an Order granting Plaintiff permission to file her identity 
under seal and to proceed in this action under the pseudonym "Jane Doe No. 103" and, as grounds, 
states as follows: 
1. 
As outlined in detail in the Complaint, Jane Doe No. 103 was sexually abused by 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, when she was under the age of 18. 
2. 
As a result of Defendant's sexual abuse, Plaintiff has in the past suffered, and will 
in the future suffer, physical injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, psychological and/or 
psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, loss of educational 
opportunities, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy, and other damages 
associated with Defendant's manipulating and leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life 
for a minor. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Sulle 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 
Fax 
• Fort Lauderdale 
www.porthuntcom 
EFTA00730580
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO. 
3. 
Disclosure of Plaintiff's name would cause her much additional embarrassment, 
humiliation, and psychological trauma. 
4. 
The subject matter of the Complaint clearly contains highly sensitive and intimate 
information about Plaintiff. 
5. 
Plaintiff was an identified victim by the State Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau 
Investigation and the United States Attorney's Office in their criminal investigations against 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein. 
6. 
During the related criminal investigations, and up and to this point in time, Plaintiff's 
identity has been sealed, as all parties recognize the highly sensitive subject matter of the charges 
and the need to protect the privacy interest of Plaintiff's identity. 
7. 
In this civil action, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, already knows Plaintiffs identity and 
will be privy to the sealed document containing Plaintiffs name. Therefore, he knows the identity 
of Plaintiff and will not be prejudiced by public non-disclosure of Jane Doc No. 103's identity. 
8. 
There is great need, in this case, to protect intimate information about Plaintiff, Jane 
Doe No. 103, and to protect her privacy interest. 
Memorandum of Law 
The general presumption against anonymous or pseudonymous pleadings, is commonly 
overcome in certain types of cases, and courts have discretion to permit such pleading in appropriate 
circumstances. "[P]rivacy or confidentiality concerns are sometimes sufficiently critical that parties 
or witnesses should be allowed this rare dispensation." James v. Jacobson, 6 F.3d 233, 238 (4th Cir. 
1993). As is ordinarily the case where trial courts have discretion, judicial guidelines exist for the 
- 2 - 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street Suite 800, Nliairu, FL 33130, Miami 
Fax 
• Fort Lauderdale 
www.podhurstcom 
EFTA00730581
--- PAGE 3 ---
CASE NO. 
exercise of such discretion in the form of factors that courts should consider in deciding whether to 
grant anonymity requests. They are not many, for the question happily is one that is seldom raised. 
Nevertheless, some guidelines can be gleaned from the relatively few cases—both at the trial and 
appellate levels—that have wrestled with the problem. Among them are the following that have 
relevance to this case: whether the justification asserted by the requesting party is merely to avoid 
the annoyance and criticism that may attend any litigation or to preserve privacy in a matter of 
sensitive and highly personal nature; whether identification poses a risk of retaliatory physical or 
mental harm to the requesting party or, even more critically, to innocent non-parties; the ages of the 
persons whose privacy interests are sought to be protected; and, relatedly, the risk of unfairness to 
the opposing party from allowing an action against it to proceed anonymously. See id. (internal 
citations omitted). 
In deciding whether to permit pseudonymous pleadings, courts must balance "the plaintiff's 
right to privacy and security against the dual concerns of (1) public interest in identification of 
litigants and (2) harm to the defendant stemming from [suppression] of plaintiff's name." Doe v. 
Smith, 105 F. Supp. 2d 40, 44 (E.D.N.Y. 1999) (internal citation omitted). The ultimate test for 
permitting a plaintiff to proceed anonymously is whether the plaintiff has a substantial privacy right 
that outweighs the customary presumption of openness in judicial proceedings. See Doe v. Stegall, 
653 F.2d 180, 185-86 (5th Cir., 1981). Courts typically accept pseudonym filing in cases where the 
nature of the pleading unveils highly sensitive information and detail about the plaintiff; such that 
the non-disclosure of the party's name is necessary to protect her from harassment, injury, ridicule, 
or personal embarrassment. See United States v. Doe, 655 F.2d 920, 922 n.1 (9th Cir. 1981); see 
- 3 - 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Hagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 
Fax!♦ 
• Fort Lauderdale 
www.podbUisLCOM 
EFTA00730582
--- PAGE 4 ---
CASE NO. 
also Doe v. Smith. 429 F.3d 706 (7th Cir. 2005) (court required to consider whether the interests of 
justice required adult woman, who was videotaped having consensual sex with her boyfriend when 
she was a minor, to disclose her name as plaintiff in lawsuit against boyfriend alleging that boyfriend 
illegally distributed videotape); Does I Thru XXIII v. Advanced Textile Corp., 214 F.3d 1058, 1067-
(9th Cir. 2000) (district court abused its discretion in denying permission to proceed anonymously 
to Chinese employees working in garment industry in Mariana Islands where employees were 
vulnerable to retaliation); Stegall, 653 F.2d at 185-86 (anonymity warranted to protect minor 
plaintiffs against risk of violence from revelation of unpopular personal beliefs); Doe v. United 
Servs. Life Ins. Co., 123 F.R.D. 437 (S.D.N.Y. 1988) (anonymity allowed because of sensitive 
privacy and retaliation concerns in suit by homosexual against insurance company alleging 
discriminatory practices; no unfairness to defendant, who was aware of claimant's identity); Candy 
v. Redemption Ranch, 563 F. Supp. 505 (M.D. Ala. 1983) (anonymity allowed in suit by pregnant 
19-year-old alleging fraudulent inducement to enter defendant's Home for Girls). 
It is clear from the allegations of sexual abuse of a minor in the Complaint that the 
information is of a highly sensitive nature. Jane Doe No. 103's name remained anonymous in the 
related criminal cases, and Defendant's attorneys, the State Attorney's Office, as well as the United 
States government, redacted all documents containing her name. The present case is not one in 
which permitting Plaintiff's identity to be kept under seal and allowing her to proceed anonymously 
will disadvantage Defendant in any way. Defendant already knows Plaintiff's identity and will be 
privy to the sealed document containing Plaintiffs name. While the public normally has a right to 
the openness of judicial proceedings, the victim's privacy interest greatly outweighs the right to 
- 4 - 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 
Fax 
• Fort Lauderdale 
www.podhltracom 
EFTA00730583
--- PAGE 5 ---
CASE NO. 
know the identity of a victim of child sex abuse. Other than the identity of Plaintiff, the aspects of 
this case will be available to the public. Evidently, the balance weighs overwhelmingly in favor 
sealing Plaintiff's identity and allowing Plaintiff to proceed anonymously. 
This Court recently has allowed at least 15 other plaintiffs who were underage sex abuse 
victims ofDefendant, Jeffrey Epstein, to proceed anonymously, including the following: See C.M.A. 
v. Epstein et al., Case No. 9:08-cv-80811-KAM; Jane Doe No. 1 v. Epstein, Case No. 9:08-cv-
80069-KAM (Dismissed); Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein, Case No. 9:08-cv-80119-KAM;JaneDoe No. 
v. Epstein, Case No. 9:08-cv-80232; Jane Doe No. 4 v. Epstein, Case No. 9:08-cv-80380-KAM; 
Jane Doe No. 5 v. Epstein, Case No. 9:08-cv-80381-ICAM; Jane Doe No. 6 v. Epstein, Case No. 
9:08-cv-80994-KAM; Jane Doe No. 7 v. Epstein, Case No. 9:08-cv-80993-KAM; Jane Doe v 
Epstein, Case No. 9:08-cv-80893-KAM; Jane Doe v. Epstein et at, Case No. 9:08-cv-80804-ICAM 
(Closed); Jane Doe II v. Epstein, Case No. 9:09-cv-80469-KAM; Jane Doe No. 101 v. Epstein, Case 
No. 9:09-cv-80591-ICAM (Closed); Jane Doe No. 102 v. Epstein, Case No. 9:09-cv-80656-ICAM 
(Closed); Jane Doe No. 8 vs. Epstein. Case No. 9:09-cv-80802-KAM; L.M. vs Epstein, Case No. 
9:09-cv-81092-ICAM. Accordingly, this Court should likewise permit Jane Doe No. 103 to proceed 
anonymously. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 103, moves this Court to enter an Order granting this 
- 5 - 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
wed Meer Street Suite WO, Mande FL 33130, Miami 
Fax 
• Fort Lauderdale 
www.podhumt corn 
EFTA00730584
--- PAGE 6 ---
CASE NO. 
Motion, thus allowing her identity to be filed under seal and permitting her to proceed in this 
litigation under the Jane Doe No. 103 pseudonym. 
Date: February 23, 2010 
Respectfully Submitted, 
PODHURST, ORSECK, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
By.  Act,c4 C 
lad kfi-
Robert C. Josefsbet, Bar No. 040856 
Katherine W. Ezell, Bar No. 114771 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
ids 33130 
(fax) 
CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL RULE 7.1.A.3 
On February 22' and 23rd, 2010 undersigned counsel conferred with counsel for Defendant 
in a good faith effort to resolve the issues raised in this motion. Defendant's counsel Robert C. 
- 6 - 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Pinter Street Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 
Faxt♦♦ 
• Fort Lauderdale 
www.ribursicom 
EFTA00730585
--- PAGE 7 ---
CASE NO. 
Critton, responded that Defendant does not oppose the relief sought at this time but is not waiving 
his right to challenge the anonymous filing at a later date. 
Date: February 23, 2010. 
Respectfully Submitted, 
PODHURST, ORSECK, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
By: 
6-1,1„,( C 
.r744/Z. 
Robert . Josefsberg,B4 No:040856) 
Katherine W. Ezell, Bar No. 114771 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami Florida 33130 
- 7 - 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
Wat Railer Street Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 
Fax 
• Fort Lauderdale 
www.podhurst coin 
EFTA00730586
--- PAGE 8 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 
JANE DOE 103, 
Plaintiff 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
ORDER RE: SEALED FILING 
Party Filing Mater Under Seal 
Namc: Robert C. Joscfsberg, Esq./Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Address: P 
P.A., 25 W. Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130 
Telephone: 
On behalf of (select one): 
Date sealed document filed: 
), 
in 
ta Plaintiff 
• 
2010 
O Defendant 
If scaled pursuant to statute, cite statute: 
N/A 
If sealed pursuant to previously entered protective order, date of order and docket entry: 
The matter will remain sealed until: 
K Conclusion of Trial 
O Arrest of First Defendant 
O Case Closing 
O Conclusion of Direct Appeal 
O Other 
Permanently. Specify the authorizing law, rulc, court order N/A because seekingpermanent seal. If the Court denies Permanent 
sal. return to counsel. 
The moving party requests that when the scaling period expires, the filed matter should be (select one): 
K Unsealed and placed in 
the public portion of the court file 
lift the petty, as identified above 
O Destroyed 
A Retumul to the party or counsel 
It is ORDERED end ADJUDGED that the proposed scaled document is hereby: 
O Sealed 
K Not Sealed 
O Other 
The matter may be unsealed after 
K Conclusion of Trial 
K Arrest of First Defendant o Ranain Sealed 
O Case Closing 
O Conclusion of Direct Appeal 
O Other 
DONE AND ORDERED at West Palm Beech, Florida, this 
 day of March, 2010. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE 
This document has been disposed of in the following manner 
on 
by 
EFTA00730587

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730588.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-ev-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
EFTA00730588
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80994-C1V-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-80811-CI V-MA REA/JOIINSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
EFTA00730589
--- PAGE 3 ---
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
DOE II, 
CASE NO.: 09-80469-CIV-MARRA-JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO.: 09-80591-CIV-MARRA-JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
CASE NO.: 09-80656-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S UNOPPOSED MOTION FOR EXTENSION 
OF TIME IN WHICH TO RESPOND TO PLAINTIFF JANE DOE'S MOTIONS 
TO COMPEL RESPONSES TO REQUEST TO PRODUCE, ANSWERS TO 
REQUEST FOR ADMISSIONS, AND ANSWERS TO INTERROGATORIES 
EFTA00730590
--- PAGE 4 ---
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through his undersigned counsel, moves 
this Court for an extension of time until August 21, 2009, to file Responses to Plaintiff 
Jane Doe's Motions to Compel Responses to Request to Produce, Answers to Request for 
Admissions, and Answers to Interrogatories, pursuant to Local Rule 7.1 A.10) (S.D. Fla. 
2008). As good cause for the requested extension, Defendant states: 
Counsel for Defendant communicated with Counsel for the Plaintiff, and 
Plaintiff's Counsel agrees to the requested extension of August 21, 2009, to file 
Responses to Plaintiff Jane Doe's Motions to Compel Responses to Request to Produce. 
Answers to Request for Admissions, and Answers to Interrogatories. 
Rule 7.1 A. 3. Certification of Pre-Filing Conference 
Counsel for Defendant conferred with Counsel for Plaintiff's counsel, by 
telephone, and Counsel for Plaintiff is in agreement with the requested extension. 
Robert D. 
tton, Esq. 
Attorney or Defendant 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is 
being served this day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in 
the manner specified by CM/ECF on this (LI day of August 2009. 
EFTA00730591
--- PAGE 5 ---
Respectfully sub,'tied, 
By: 
ROBERT D 
Florida Bar o. 224162 
N, JR., ESQ. 
MI 
J PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar 0617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & 
COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone 
Fax 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-1VIARRA/JOHNSON 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
Counsel for Plaintiffs 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119, 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 
08-80994 
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
2290101h Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Lake Worth. FL 33461 
Fax: 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
EFTA00730592
--- PAGE 6 ---
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. Co-counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 
08-80811 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
F 
Counsel for Plaintiff, C.M.A. 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, PL 33401 
F 
Counsel for Defendant 
Theodore J. Leopold, Esq. 
Spencer T. Kuvin, Esq. 
Leopold-Kuvin, P.A. 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
Fax: 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-08804 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datura Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80469 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
F. 
Counsel for Plaintiffs in Related Cases 
Nos. 09-80591 and 09-80656 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00730593

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730594.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-C1V-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 0941092 
DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S UNOPPOSED MOTION FOR EXTENSION 
OF TIME IN WHICH TO RESPOND TO PLAINTIFF JANE DOE'S MOTIONS 
TO COMPEL RESPONSES TO REQUEST TO PRODUCE, ANSWERS TO 
REOUEST FOR ADMISSIONS, AND ANSWERS TO INTERROGATORIES 
Defendant JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through his undersigned counsel moves 
this Court for an Extension of Time until August 31, 2009, to file Responses to Plaintiff 
Jane Doe's Motions to Compel Responses to Request to Produce, Answers to Request for 
Admissions, and Answers to Interrogatories, pursuant to Local Rule 7.1 A.1a)(S.D. Fla. 
2008). As good cause for the requested extension, Defendant states: 
Counsel for Defendant communicated with Counsel for the Plaintiff, and the 
Plaintiffs Counsel agrees to the requested extension of August 31, 2009, to file 
Responses to Plaintiff Jane Doe's Motions to Compel Responses to Request to Produce, 
Answers to Request for Admissions, and Answers to Interrogatories. 
EFTA00730594
--- PAGE 2 ---
Rule 7.1 A.3 Certification of Pre-Filing Conference 
Counsel for Defendant conferred with Counsel for Plaintiff by telephone and/or 
electronic mail, and Counsel for Plaintiff is in agreement with the requested extension. 
By: 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, `ESQ 
Florida Bar #617296 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is 
being served this day on all counsel of record identifi 
on the following Service List in 
the manner specified by CM/ECF on this IL day of 
2009 
Respectfully sukgritted, 
B. 
ROBERT b. CRITI.ON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTHER & 
COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone 
Fax 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00730595
--- PAGE 3 ---
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-1VIARRAJJOHNSON 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami FL 33160 
Counsellor Plaintiffl 
In related Cases Nat 08-80069, 08-80119, 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 
08-80994 
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
2290 10th Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Lake Worth. FL 33461 
Fax: 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80811 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
I 
Counsellor Plaintiff, C.M.A. 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake Cit , UT 84112 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datum Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
F
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80469 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
Counsel for Plaintiffs in Related Cases 
EFTA00730596
--- PAGE 4 ---
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Counsel for Defendant 
Theodore J. Leopold, Esq. 
Spencer T. Kuvin, Esq. 
Leopold, Kuvin, 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
Fax: 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-08804 
Nos. 09-80591 and 09-80656 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00730597

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730598.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 166 
Page 168 
written down anywhere? 
A. No. 
Q. It's my understanding that 
either came to his house alone to visit with Mr. 
Epstein or brought other girls in their age group 
to Mr. Epstein. 
Were you familiar with that type of 
recruitment process of girls bringing other girls? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Can you tell me more about what you know 
about girls bringing other girls that are 
relatively the same age to come to Jeffrey 
Epstein's house and to use your words, have a good 
time? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: It's hard to know who they 
knew. But I think that was -- they feel 
better themselves when they're in a group 
than going by themselves, but I don't know 
somebody recruiting. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Okay. And you've talked about, at least 
referred to yourself I believe to the police and 
for now we'll call it a massage -- as well as 
anybody who brought that person over to the house, 
they would both get paid cash. Are you familiar 
with that? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: No. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
l i
Q. If . brought another girl over to the 
house and 
stayed downstairs but this other girl 
went upstairs with Mr. Epstein, which one would 
you pay? 
A. I don't know because I was told who to 
pay. 
Q. And 
always told you? 
A. 
told me pay so and so. 
Q. So If we were going to ask anybody else 
about the exact method in terms of who would get 
paid and for what, who would the people be? I 
mean, other than Mr. Epstein who else could we ask 
these 
ions? 
A. 
Q. 
A. 
Q. 
A. 
Yes. 
She would know this? 
Yes. 
Page 167 
as well today as a human ATM machine. Right? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Something like that. I was 
supposed to carry cash at all times. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. One of the primary reasons why you 
carried eclibmito pay the girls in this age 
group of 
for whatever happened at the 
house. Right? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. That's a fair statement. Right? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Okay. And when I, let's use her for 
example, would bring somebody else to the house, 
did you pay'. as well as whomever she brought to 
the house, pay them both? 
A. No, I pay only one person. 
Q. Okay. My understanding, and tell me if 
this is wrong or you can corroborate this, is that 
Mr. Epstein would pay the girl that was actually 
performing whatever was happening in the room --
Page 169 
Q. What about Ghislaine Maxwell? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: You're talking about the 
boss. I don't know. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. To your knowledge was Ghislaine Maxwell 
Jeffrey Epstein's house to 
these girls that are in the age group of 
coming to
have a good time? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: I have to say something. 
Mrs. Maxwell called me and told me not to 
ever discuss or contact her again in a 
threaten way. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. When was this? 
A. Right after I left because I call one of 
the friends for a Job and she told me this, but, 
you know, I feel intimidated and so I want to keep 
her out. 
Q. What exactly did she say? First of all, 
was this a telephone call? 
A. Yes, she was in New York. 
Q. She called you on your cell phone? 
A. Yes. 
(Pages 166 to 169) 
Kress Court Reporting, Inc. 
7115 Rue Notre Dame, Miami Beach, FL 33141 
EFTA00730598
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 170 
Q. Is this the cell phone that was issued to 
you by Mr. Epstein? 
A. No, it was my personal phone. I was 
already --
Q. Gone? 
A. Yeah, this is three, four months down the 
road. 
Q. So if you left in --
A. February, March — it was May or June. 
Q. Of 2005? 
A. Yes. 
Q. And you got a call from Ghislaine Maxwell 
out of the blue? 
A. Yes. 
Q. And do you know what prompted that 
telephone call? 
A. Because I contact somebody In New York to 
get a job. 
Q. Who was that person? 
A. I contact Jean-Luc and I contact 
the 
Swedish girl, she used to be very good friends 
with Mr. E. • 
• gs.in se she asked me she need 
somebody in 
Q. 
at does 
do? 
A. 
was a model many years ago and he 
Page 172 
precisely did she say? 
A. She said I forbid you that you're going 
to be — that i will be sorry if I contact any of 
her friends again. 
Q. Okay. Other than you will be sony if 
you contact any of my friends again did she say 
anything else about what you know about Mr. 
Epstein and/or what goes on at his house? 
A. She said something like don't open your 
mouth or something like that. But you have to 
d, I'm a civil humble, I came as an 
to seryjo people, and right now you 
feel a little -- I'm
 and I'm afraid. First of 
all, I don't have a job, but I'm glad this is on 
tape because I don't want nothing to happen to me. 
This Is the way they treat you, better do this and 
you shut up and don't talk to nobody and --
Q. When you say this is the way they treat, 
who specifically are you talking about when you 
say the word they? 
A. Maxwell. 
Q. And usually when you say the word they, 
you're not only talking about one person --
A. Wealthy people. 
Q. Are you also putting Jeffrey Epstein in 
Page 171 
married -- S 
is the mother of the girl who was 
Q. Who is 
Mr. Epstein's 
house? 
A. Yeah. 
Q.i
 eire is a younger girl model 
that' 
Mr. Epstein's house and this 
lady 
is her mo 
r? 
A. Yes. 
Q. And at some point in time you called her 
in New York to get a job? 
A. That's right. 
Q. And you also called Jean-Luc Bemell? 
That's his name. Right? 
A. Jean-Luc, yeah, I don't remember his last 
name. 
Q. Does that sound familiar to you, Jean-Luc 
Bernell? 
A. Yeah. 
Q. What did SI and/or Jean-Luc say about 
employing you? 
A. No, they said they're going to find out 
and obviously the first thing they did was talk to 
Mrs. Maxwell. 
Q. She made a telephone call to you and what 
Page 173 
that category? 
MR. CR1TTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: I didn't talk to him 
directly most of the time. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. What's the reason why if you were his 
head of security that you wouldn't have more 
direct contact with him? Why is that? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: He wanted thaS w 
lavai so, yeah, I have to talk to 
Is not available talk to 
in New 
York. He didn't want to be disturbed. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Even while you were in the same house 
with him he still had other people you could talk 
to directly but he was not one of them? 
A. Yeah. 
Q. When you were fired you were not fired 
directly by him? 
A. No. 
Q. It was through somebody else? 
A. Ms. Maxwell. 
Q. Okay. But it was for upsetting him for 
taking the wrong car? 
you 
(Pages 170 to 173) 
Kress Court Reporting, Inc. 
7115 Rue Notre Dame, Miami Beach, FL 33141 
EFTA00730599
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 174 
A. Yes. 
Q. Okay. Ever since this communication that 
Ms. Maxwell made to you where she called you 
sometime in May or June of 2005, and have you felt 
threatened? 
A. Yes. 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Have you felt reluctant to come forward 
and give truthful, honest, and full disclosure of 
all information that you know about this case? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: I said this off the record 
but I will say it on the record, being in 
the Epstein case for me resulted in two 
years I have -- I won't bring the names but 
I was in the third Interview to get hired as 
a household manager in Palm Beach and they 
told me you are the Jeffrey Epstein guy. 
Not in the sense I did something wrong 
because of the scandal, so they shun the job 
away from me. And so I was afraid that --
this is very powerful people and one phone 
call and you finish, so I'm the little guy. 
Even I'm wearing a tie I'm a -- I'm talking 
Page 176 
this. Because I went through -- the first 
time I went to the deposition I was in Palm 
Beach and I did my duty, I mean, I tell what 
I know, but now I know there is more 
digging, all I want is this to be to get on 
with my normal life and stuff. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. So when you come here today to testify, 
your main objective is to get back to your normal 
life and get out of the spotlight of this case. 
Yes? 
A. Yes. 
Q. And in doing so have you held back some 
of the details that you know about that happened 
in this case to remove yourself from the 
spotlight? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: No, sir. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Okay. Have you ever talked to Ghislaine 
Maxwell after that telephone call where she called 
you and you felt threatened? 
A. No. 
Q. Okay. So going back to where we started 
here was, does Ghislaine Maxwell have knowledge of 
Page 175 
from my heart. This is the way it is. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. I feel for you, I'm sorry that you have 
to be in this position. 
MR. CRITTON: Move to strike this. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Well, when you applied for these jobs and 
they turned you down and gave you the reason that 
you're the person involved in the Jeffrey Epstein 
scandal, was it that they are associated or 
friends with Jeffrey Epstein or is it that you 
have Information and you have this confidentiality 
but you're revealing some certain information that 
Mr. Epstein would not like? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Both. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Both? 
A. Both. 
Q. And since then given what you just told 
us about these people being very powerful, are you 
afraid for your life given the fact that you're 
involved to some extent in this case? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WTMESS: I just start thinking about 
Page 177 
the girls that would come over to Jeffrey 
Epstein's hayisaat are in roughly the same age 
group as 
and to have a good time as you 
put it? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. And what was her involvement and/or 
knowledge about that? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: She knew what was going on. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. You referred to her at one point in time 
as Jeffrey Epstein's companion. But then later on 
you said that if she flew she flew on a different 
airplane and oftentimes or sometimes she slept in 
a different bed from Mr. Epstein. Did that seem 
unusual to you? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: It was odd but, I mean, and 
again, everything is odd in Palm Beach. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Okay, I don't mean to laugh. 
A. Mr. Epstein fly to Jet Aviation, she fly 
to Galaxy Aviation, but they never flew the same 
(Pages 174 to 177 
Kress Court Reporting, Inc. 
7115 Rue Notre Dame, Miami Beach, FL 33141 
EFTA00730600
--- PAGE 4 ---
Right? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
11-IE WITNESS: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. They were not? 
• MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: They were not the best but 
they say they were masseuses. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. They said 
said that? 
Who is they? 
an Jeffrey 
Epstein or is it 
. that would come and 
announce themselves as masseuses? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: We wanted to put the title 
masseuse. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Who is we? 
A. We the staff and 
taught you that these girls that are 
in 
age group should be referred to as 
masseuses? Who taught you that title? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: I just heard them, you 
know. 
Page 178 
plane, I don't know why. 
Q. And did you ever find out why? 
A. No. 
Q. You never really inquired why? 
A. No. 
Q. That wasn't your job? 
A. (Shakes head.) 
Q. You were just there to do your job? 
A. Exactly. 
Q. Obviously at some point in time you see 
these girls coming over to Mr. Epstein's house to 
have a good time and over time you start wondering 
what is going on with Mr. Epstein and these girls. 
Right? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. And you understand that Mr. Epstein is a 
wealthy person that could have the best masseuse 
in the world come to his house. Yes? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. These were not professional masseuses 
that were coming to his house to give massages. 
Page 180 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Who he 
o? 
A. I heard lir 
going to be coming to give 
a massage. 
Q. Okay. When the girls would come in to 
Mr. Epstein's house, would you be the first one to 
meet them and greet them or would that be 
A. Me. 
Q. And if 
came would she normally come 
alone or with somebody else? 
A. Sometimes she had a companion sometimes 
she was by htEsdf. 
Q. Given l.'s age you never truly believed 
she was there as a masseuse; did you? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: From the father point of 
view, no. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. And that in conjunction with the fact 
that when she called she gives you messages such 
as I have girls to bring for Mr. Epstein lead you 
to believe that there was something more going on 
then massages at Mr. Epstein's house with these 
girls? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
Page 179 
Page 181 
THE WITNESS: When I was working I didn't 
have the time to realize that, but now 
you're out and you start -- yes, it is more 
than that. 
BY MR. EDWARDS 
Q. And when g would come over and she would 
bring a companion, who would lead them to the area 
-- I guess it's the upstairs bedrograzho would 
lead them up there, would it be 
or would it 
be yourself? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Lees say two of them come over, I know 
that there is numerous times that she is coming 
three or four times a week for the six month 
period that you're there, but if it is,. and 
another companion, and that other companion would 
usually be roughly her age. Right? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: It was something like that. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. I mean, there were not people bringing 
over massage tables to ive him a massage, these 
were girls who were 
. age, approximately, 
MOO 
eS.••••••... 
Cs 
Kress Court Reporting, Inc 
7115 Rue Notre Dame, Miami Be
., 
f L 3141 
(Pages 178 to 181) 
EFTA00730601
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 218 
go but we can take a break. 
THE VIDEOGRAPHER: We're off the record. 
(Thereupon, a recess was had.) 
THE VIDEOGRAPHER: We're back on the 
record, tape number five. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. I stopped with knew the girls -- sorry. 
stopped with the sentence in the police 
e 71 he delivered a dozen roses to 
High School. 
And that's something you told us about 
earlier. Right? 
A. Yes. 
Q. Then it says, he knew the girls were 
still in high school and were of high school age. 
Speaking of the girls who were coming 
over labelled as masseuses, is that something --
(Thereupon, an interruption was had.) 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. The statement is, he knew the girls were 
still in high school and were of high school age. 
That's something you agree with? 
MR. CRITTON: Form, out of context. 
THE WITNESS: I saw them in high school. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Page 220 
there was more going on than just massages with 
anybody else that worked at the house? 
A. No. 
Q. Did you talk about that with anybody 
else? 
A. No, nothing. This Is the first time that 
I said this openly because I was subpoenaed and 
there were these things, you know. 
Q. Right. And right now is the second time 
you said it openly because you're subpoenaed 
again? 
A. Yes. 
MR. CRITTON: 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Otherwise you have not expressed those 
feelings to anybody else? 
A. No. 
Q. What about when you spoke with Mr. 
Epstein's attorneys or Investigators, did you talk 
to them about that? 
A. No. 
Q. And why did you choose not to tell them 
that you felt there were more -- that there was 
more going on in the bedroom with these young 
girls than just massages? 
Form. 
Page 219 
Q. The girls t 
ere talking about, and 
I'm talking about 
specifically, but 
these are girls that looked of high school age to 
you. 
MR. CRTITON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: It's hard to say. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. That wouldn't shock you though? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: No. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Doesn't surprise you? 
A. No. 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. I asked Rodriguez about the massages, he 
felt there was a lot more going on than just 
massages. 
Is that something you told him? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Do you know if it was a feeling that --
well, let me ask you this way. 
Did you ever talk about that feeling that 
Page 221 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: The only reason I contacted 
the attorneys was to see what's my position 
because I didn't have money to go to an 
attorney myself. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Why would you feel like you may need an 
attorney though if you didn't do anything wrong? 
A. I didn't need an attorney. 
Q. You were just frightened by the process? 
A. The process and the people who was 
involved in this. 
Q. The people involved meaning Ghislaine 
Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. I'll ask you, which people are you 
talking about? 
A. Ghislaine Maxwell. 
Q. And were you still frightened because of 
the threat that she --
A. I don't think so now, you know, I'm 
protected because I'm doing this publicly. 
Q. Okay. Well, going back to my other 
question about why didn't you reveal to Mr. 
(Pages 218 to 221 
Kress Court Reporting, Inc. 
7115 Rue Notre Dame, Miami Beach, FL 33141 
EFTA00730602
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 222 
Epstein's Investigators that you felt there was 
more going on in the bedroom than just massages? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Because they were more 
interested in how much I know, they didn't 
ask me anything else, and I told them 
exactly what I knew and what I was doing. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Okay. You were asked by Mr. Mermelstein 
when he was asking you about the meeting with Mr. 
Epstein's investigators he said, did they make any 
threat or did they threaten you, and you paused 
and said I don't believe so. 
A. Yeah, I think they didn't tell me 
anything that I will feel -- they told me that 
they want to know what I know and if I need an 
attorney. 
Q. Okay. Did you find that strange at all 
that they offered you an attorney? 
A. I went to have dinner at my house and I 
told this to my wife and she told me, Alfredo, you 
don't need an attorney, so I called him the next 
day and that was it. 
Q. You called the investigators? 
A. Yes. I declined, I don't need an 
Page 224 
massage with a handle with two rubber things 
that you can do massage yourself, this was 
always on the floor, maybe one or two. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Okay. When you say this is always on the 
floor, do you mean 24 hours a day it's on the 
floor? 
A. No, no, no, after each massage. Because 
I assume the masseuses or anybody they were doing, 
they were taken out of the closet where.. 
belong and they would leave there. So 
and 
myself, we always find this on the floor. 
Q. And this Is a massager that belongs to or 
is owned by Mr. Epstein? 
A. Yes. 
Q. This Isn't something that these girls 
would bring over to the house? 
A. No, no, it's In the house, It's part of 
the Inventory. 
Q. And that statement is a few statements 
after you felt that there was a lot more going on 
than just massages, Is there something about that 
object being left on the ground and the type of 
object that it was that also lead you to believe 
that there is something more going on here than 
Page 223 
attorney. 
Q. If we want to know the exact names of the 
investigators that you met at Don Shula's and at 
your house, how would we get that information, do 
you have it somewhere? 
A. Probably I have it in the house. 
Q. So if we do have to come back here and 
finish this up, the next time would you be able to 
bring that? 
A. I think so. 
Q. Okay. Do you know where in your house 
that you have it, I mean, have you kept it in a 
certain place? 
A. I have to look. 
Q. All right. After the sentence that we 
left off it says, he, speaking of Mr. Rodriguez, 
would dean Mr. Epstein's bedroom after the 
alleged massages and would discover massagers 
slash vibrators and sex toys scattered on the 
floor. 
Can you tell us what types of sex toys 
that you found scattered on the floor after the 
massages with these young girls? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Like I explain, there was a 
Page 225 
just massages? 
MR. CRTITON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. What about it, just tell us? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: I thought they were having 
a good time, I never thought it was 
something done against anybody's will, but 
of course, you know that it's more than 
massage. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Right, I'm just asking you to explain how 
you know that. 
MR. CRITTON: Let me just move to strike 
his last answer as speculation. Form as to 
your statement. 
THE WITNESS: You're 
years old and 
it's -- you're an old -- you know, it's just 
instinct. 
MR. CRITTON: Move to strike. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. It was obvious to you? 
A. Yes. 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
(Pages 222 to 225 
Kress Court Reporting, Inc. 
7115 Rue Notre Dame, Miami Beach, FL 33141 
EFTA00730603
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 226 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. He also said he would wipe down the 
vibrators and sex toys and put them away in the 
armoire. 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: These things have a tip, 
they have the cream, they have all kinds of 
cream for giving massage. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. How many of these massagers or vibrators 
would you wipe down? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: This big one all the time. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Right. Other than the big one all the 
time did you wipe down at any time any of the 
other sex toys or vibrators? 
A. No. 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. So if there were any other sex toys or 
vibrators or I believe you used the term dildo 
earlier that were ever used, those are items that 
you did not find on the floor and were put away in 
the armoire? 
Page 228 
underwear she brought it to the laundry and we 
used to label it. 
Q. Just so that the record is dear as to 
what we're talking about with this and that, I 
want you to tell us what
would tell you 
specifically, I found this an 
en would she show
you what it was? 
A. No, she didn't show me, she said I 
cleaned this and I put it away, it was a vibrator. 
Q. Did she describe the vibrator for you so 
that you knew which one she was talking about? 
A. The vibrator that a female would use for 
personal use. 
Q. Not the same long one that you've been 
describing? 
A. No. 
Q. One that is a penis shaped vibrator. 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. That's what she was talking about? 
A. Yes. 
Q. And did she tell you on how many 
occasions after these --
A. Several times. 
Page 227 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: 
told me I did this, 
I did that. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. So tell us what did 
tell you? 
A. She find toys on theic,s, she have to 
clean them. 
Q. Did she tell you when she found the toys 
on the floor? 
A. After his massages, you know. 
Q. With the young girls that we're talking 
about? 
A. Yes. 
Q. Okay. And when did 
tell you 
that? 
A. Almost every other time when she found 
it, you know, Alfredo I found this thing again 
because she despised to dean this, she had to put 
the gloves or whatever. 
Q. Okay. So it sounds like you had an 
actual conversation about this where she's 
describing she doesn't want to dean it. 
A. Because I told her to tell me up to date 
on things that are not normal, so she told me, you 
know, I found this, I found that, or some 
Q. And can you explain to us why it is that 
Page 779 I 
-- and maybe it's just I don't understand the 
process of cleaning the room who went in first and 
second and whatever, but my question is why is it 
that she would always be the one to encounter the 
penis shaped vibrators and you would encounter 
this other longer vibrator? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Because it was her job to 
clean the room. When she was busy she will 
ask me, Alfredo, can you help me carry, I 
have a lot of towels, because there were 
mountains because being an older woman I 
help her carry to the -- and put the towels 
downstairs, take It to the laundry. But she 
told me I found these things, I clean it, I 
put it in that armoire, they're over there. 
So she will give me -- we used to 
communicate all those little details, but it 
was her job to be in the room first. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. And what did she say about liking or 
disliking the fact that she had to clean these 
vibrators? 
A. She didn't like to clean those. 
(Pages 226 to 229) 
Kress Court Reporting, Inc. 
7115 Rue Notre Dame, Miami IMP/. 
EFTA00730604
--- PAGE 8 ---
Page 230 
Q. Did she tell you why? 
A. Because, you know, she knew what they 
were for and probably she despised to dean 
objects. 
Q. Did she ever make any comments about how 
young the girls were that were in the room with 
Mr. Epstein just before she had to go in and clean 
these vibrators? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: No. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Is the age of the girls that were coming 
over and going behind dosed doors with Mr. 
Epstein a subject that ever came up between you 
and 
A. Sometimes. 
Q. And what would the conversation consist 
of? 
A. She will be surprised and say some of the 
girls are too young, and I said -- we just wonder, 
you know, but we comment each other. 
Q. Did it ever -- as a father did it ever 
occur to you that maybe I should say something or 
I shouldn't be here or I shouldn't be apart of 
this considering how young they are and how old he 
Page 232 
a lack of respect. So, you know, she was 
shocked. So obviously she needed a job but 
she expressed her --
MR. WILLITS: I'm sorry, I did not hear 
that, could the witness repeat that? 
aiWITNESS: I was just talking about 
deeply religious staff member that 
worked with me and she told me one occasion 
that she was crying because the picture of 
the Pope was next to a naked girl. 
MR. WILLITS: Okay. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Okay. Besides 
did you ever have 
a conversation with anybody else that works in the 
house about the young age of the girls and Mr. 
Epstein being In the bedroom and the fact that 
there are sex toys on the floor afterwards being 
wrong? 
MR. CRITTON: form. 
THE WITNESS: Nobody else inside the 
house was allowed except just the two of us, 
so I never commented on this with anybody. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. All right. The next sentence starts a 
new paragraph, Epstein ordered Rodriguez to go to 
Page 231 
is? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Is that something that on more than one 
occasion you thought to yourself this is just 
wrong? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
li
And did you ever have a conversation with 
about the fact that that's not right? 
A. We 
Q. And.. 
stayed there and she's still 
employed there? 
A. I believe she was. 
Q. And did she ever mention to you that she 
thought that the situation was wrong and that she 
was contemplating --
A. She was a deeply religious --
MR. CRITTON: Fo 
estion. 
THE WITNESS: -- 
girl 
-- lady, and one day she came crying because 
she found a picture of the Pope next to 
naked girl, both pictures, and she said it's 
Page 733 
the Dollar Rent a Car and rent a car for the same 
girl he brought the roses to. 
I guess we're talking about A. 
So that she could drive herself to 
Epstein's house without incident. Rodriguez said 
the girl always needed rides to and from the 
house. 
Are those statements you agree with? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: I took her a few times to 
her house. 
BY MR. EDWAR 
Q. You 
to and from her house? 
A. In 
Q. Okay. Did she say anything in the car to 
you about what was going on in the bedroom with 
Mr. Epstein? 
A. I always try to keep the conversation to 
a minimum when I was with them because it was my 
job, you know, I didn't want to talk so the 
conversation was minimal. 
Q. And these are girls that you're talking 
to that are roughly the same age as a daughter 
that you have? 
A. Yeah. 
(Pages 230 to 233 
Kress Court Reporting, Inc. 
7115 Rue Notre Dame, Miami Beach, FL 33141 
EFTA00730605
--- PAGE 9 ---
Page 234 
Page 236 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. And so you never inquired of them as to 
what was going on behind closed doors? 
A. Never. 
Q. Other than. did you take any of the 
other girls to or from -- and the girls I'm 
talking about are these yisis 
that are 
roughly the same age as 
. that you 
labelled masseuses. 
Did you take any of them to or from their 
homes on any occasion? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Probably a couple of times. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Do you remember if you ever took 
or, 
to or from their homes? 
ewhere 
in Illififf
lor 
probably,
yes. 
Q. All right. And the homes you would take 
these girls to, can you describe the neighborhood? 
A. They were blue collar neighborhoods. 
Q. Much different than Mr. Epstein? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
Epstein. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Okay. But this is talking about a 
situation where girls come to the house, and these 
young girls come to the house and Mr. Epstein is 
not at the house at all. That happened? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Well, they left and --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Wait. Who are you talkinilt? 
A. Mr. Epstein, the girls, and 
they 
go away. 
Q. You're talking about a different set of 
girls now, now you're talking about the girls that 
fly with him on the airplane. 
A. Exactly. But they're out of the house. 
But 
will call me and leave me instructions 
on my phone that I have to pay so and so and they 
will be there this evening or this afternoon, 
that's why them was nobody in the house but I 
still have to pay them. 
Q. Okay. Would these girls usually arrive 
by taxicab and you would have to pay them? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Sometimes taxi and 
Page 235 
THE WITNESS: Very different. 
MR. CRITTON: Argumentative. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Did any of the girls ever talk to you in 
the car about anybody else that they ever gave a 
massage to? 
A. No, they were very private. 
Q. Rodriguez referred to himself as a human 
ATM machine and was ordered by Epstein to maintain 
a minimum balance of $2,000 on him at all times. 
That's something you've told us already. 
Right? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yeah. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. When a girl would come by the house and 
Mr. Epstein was either not in the residence or was 
not at home at the time Rodriguez was to provide 
the girl, in parenthesis, masseuse, several 
hundred dollars for their time and to notify 
Epstein the amount they were given. 
MR. CR1TTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Well, I have to give this 
report to the comptroller in New York to 
keep track of the cash. I never talk to Mr. 
Page 237 
sometimes their own cars. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. And you mentioned that you would 
sometimes be the person to call them a cab. 
Right? 
A. Yes. 
Q. How did you know which cab service to 
use? 
A. We used to have in the house two or three 
numbers and people knew the house because 
sometimes it was hard to -- it was easy to get 
lost to get to the house. 
Q. So were there certain taxicab drivers 
that you would ask to come specifically? 
A. Yes. 
Q. Who? 
A. I don't remember, but they knew the house 
right away, it's like Joe, come here, I need you. 
Q. Would you have that name of that person 
that would typically drive these girls, you know, 
in taxicabs to and from the house anywhere? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: I don't think so. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Do you remember whether it was Yellow Cab 
(Pages 234 to 237) 
Kress Court Reporting, Inc 
7115 Rue Notre Dame, Miami Beach, FL 33141 
EFTA00730606
--- PAGE 10 ---
Page 238 
Cab Company? 
A. West Palm Beach Taxi. No, it's not 
Yellow. Could be Yellow, but I don't know. 
Q. Would Mr. Epstein have the names or the 
list? 
A. Probably. 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Anybody else? 
A. 
Q. 
would have? 
A. Yes. 
Q. In addition to Mr. Epstein obviously 
knowing who's coming to and from the house, would 
also be familiar with the names of the girls 
and who they were? 
A. Yes. 
Q. In addition to 
and Mr. Epstein 
would Ghislaine Maxwell be familiar with the names 
of some of these girls? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Are these names kept in a database in a 
computer system? 
Page 240 
A. 
was the number one girlfriend for 
Mr. Epstein. Very sweet girl, and she was always 
-- she would come over to the house but different 
girls with her all tvis. 
Q. Oka 
But 
that's somebody who 
Wes i 
A. 
I believe, yes, her address is in 
Q. 
Brillo? 
A. Very often. 
Q. Usually every time when Mr. Epstein was 
there? 
A. Yes. 
Q. And she would for the most time fly on 
the plane with Mr. Epstein? 
A. Yes. 
Q. And it would be her and Mr. Epstein and 
oftentimes some other girls? 
A. Exactly. 
Q. Where some points I think earlier when 
Mr. Mermelstein was asking you questions where 
there was some confusion was we're talking about 
two different sets of girls, the girls that would 
come over and be labelled masseuses from the Palm 
So how often would she stay at 358 El 
Page 239 
A. Could be. 
MR. CRITTON: I'm sorry, did you say 
could be? 
THE WITNESS: Yeah. 
MR. CRITTON: Move to strike as 
speculation. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. When you say could be, why do you say 
that? 
A. Because there were too many and they were 
very organized and there is nothing you write on a 
piece of paper. 
Q. When you say they were very organized, 
are we talking -- 
A. Mr. Epstein and 
Anybody else bile Mr. Epstein and 
I guess beside 
that would do the
scheduling to coordinate the times these girls 
would come to the house? 
A. I'm sorry, anybodySyou say? 
21. 
Q. Right, aside from. 
A. No, no. 
o you know what role, if any, 
ever played in any of what would go on 24 
behind the bedroom door with Mr. Epstein? 
Page 241 
Beach area, and the girls that would
plane with Mr. Epstein and Ms. 
So, what I'm askin 
o 
at, If any, 
involvement did 
have with the 
girls that would arrive and be labeled as 
masseuses behind closed doors with Mr. Epstein? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: He was the second -- the 
"b
ole was
and she was always -- 
is a very shy person so she will be in 
the background. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Did you ever know of 
engage in -- to be in the room with Mr. Epstein 
while any of these young girls were up there? 
MR. CRITTON: Form. 
THE WITNESS: Yeah. 
BY MR. EPSTEIN: 
Q. How often do you remember 
and Mr. 
Epstein being in the room with any of these young 
girls? 
A. I would say most of the time. 
Q. 
would go up there too? 
A. Yeah. 
Q. Did you ever believe that 
was 
to 
(Pages 238 to 241) 
Kress Court Reporting, Inc. 
7115 Rue Notre Dame, Miami Beach, FL 33141 
EFTA00730607

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730608.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 
LexisNexis®
of l DOCUMENT 
VIRGIN ISLANDS CODE ANNOTATED 
Copyright ID 2010 by THE LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR for THE GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
•" Statutes current through Act 7191 of the 2010 Regular Session '•• 
*** Excludes Acts 7167, 7175, 7176 •** 
•** Annotations current through September 8, 2010 •** 
TITLE EIGHTEEN Elections 
Chapter 13. Qualifications of Electors 
Go to the Virgin Islands Code Archive Directory 
VIC § 263 (2010) 
§ 263. Loss of franchise by felon; mental incompetents 
(a) Every person who has been twice convicted by a court of competent jurisdiction of a felony or of a crime 
involving moral turpitude shall be debarred from voting for a period of 10 years. 
(I)) Every person who has been convicted by a court of competent jurisdiction of a felony or of a crime involving 
moral turpitude shall be debarred from voting for a period of one year following the date of his discharge. 
(c) No inmate of a public or private institution for the insane and no person under the care of a guardian by reason 
of any mental incapacity shall be entitled to vote. 
HISTORY: --Added Feb. 20, 1963, No. 936, § 1. 
NOTES: 
HISTORY 
Source. 
Former Title IS V.I.C. § 33. 
CROSS REFERENCES 
For provisions of the Organic Act relating to qualifications for the franchise, see section 4 of the Revised Organic 
Act of the Virgin Islands, app. July 22, 1954 (48 U.S.C. § 1542), which is set out preceding Title 1. 
LexisNexis 50 State Surveys, Legislation & Regulations 
Non-pardon/expungement Post-conviction Voting Rights 
ANNOTATIONS 
I. Generally. 2. Restoration of franchise. 
1. Generally. 
A person on probation or parole following conviction of a felony or crime of moral turpitude must complete the 
EFTA00730608
--- PAGE 2 ---
probation or parole before he can vote. 7 V.1.Op.A.G. 346. 
2. Restoration of franchise. 
Since the right to vote and the right to hold public office are not synonymous but are distinguishable, subsection (b) 
of this section, which restored convicted felon's right to vote after his discharge from prison, did not restore his right to 
hold public office. Moorhead v. Government of the Virgin Islands, 18 VI. 237, 1982 V.I. LEXIS 128 (Terr. Ct. St. C. 
1982). 
HIERARCHY NOTES: 
Tit. IS Note 
Tit. IS, Ch. 13 Note 
EFTA00730609

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730610.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarters Suite 8-3 St. Thomas, VI 00802-1348 Tel: 340-7754100 Fax: 340-775-8108 
E-mail: 
Vacation / Leave Form 
Name: 
Date of Request: 5/26/10 
Dates of Requested: 
Date of First Day of Vacation: 
Total Number of Days: 
Leave Days: 3 
Type of Leave: 
June 7, 14, 21, 28 
Weekend Days: 
Holidays: 
Vacation with Pay 
Leave without pay 
If Other Explain: 
Date Return to Work 
Personal / Sick : 
Personal Sick Leave 
Other 
June 8, 15, 22, 29 
Days &maw: 48 Days 
Holiday - New Years 2010 
List of all contact information: 
Phone: 
Cell: 
Email: 
I 
The following must be verified with Estate Manager 
1. The number of vacation days you have taken. 
2. The number employee in your division / department that are leave at the same time 
Approved: 
EFTA00730610

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730611.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page I 
IN RE: JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
DRAFT 
VIDEOTAPED INTERVIEW OF 
02528 
EFTA00730611
--- PAGE 2 ---
DRAFT 
Page 4 
Q (N:a, Why htn3 you icll me from the beginning 
Page 3 
Page s 
JIM% %MI uet 111111 
A Oka>. It '%b %mut(lting in high school. EVCIN hod% 
was like trying to make innnm and al the time I hadffi infis 
I guess. That was hkeS 'erots ago 
Q About.. ears ago' 
A 
Yeah 
4) When you lirs) owl how' 
A Tit audible TB...pow:4: 1 
Q(kar 
A 
Yeah I 4.a.. 
1I 
IL) 
You 44yrra 
I 
A I 
(Video al 1:37) 
(Pages 2 to 5) 
02529 
EFTA00730612
--- PAGE 3 ---
Pte 
U 
Q 
UKIIM ever know )our real agc" 
?1 
A 
Acker a "bile lax becauscsomebacl) told hint. 
Q 1 hm you " erc --
A 
Yeah 
Q 
A 
Like MI told us. mc nue supposed to soy we
I "etaIft 
Q And ss ho h4d %/withal 
.at IMO 
A 
Page 16 
Page 15 
Page I7 
(Video at 14:57) 
(Pages 14 to 
02532 
EFTA00730613
--- PAGE 4 ---
DRAFT 
Q Did lie ever. did he ever take out any tins? 
A 
NO 
Q Did he mer touch your breast arca? 
A (Nods head yes.) 
Q Did he touch your vaginal area' 
A 
Yeah 
3 
() All right. Did he touch you w ith his hands or 
1,1 with something else' 
A 
With his hands. 
6 
() Oka) Okay Was this over your underwear or 
• 
under 
A 
Over 
underwear. 
9 
Q Char or under 
A 
Over 
Page 20 
Page 
Page iI 
(Pages 18 to 21) 
02533 
EFTA00730614

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730615.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730615.pdf
----------------------------------------
Peggy Siegal (not Guggenheim) Does Venice Diary 
This was the summer I fled to Europe five times starting with the Cannes and Taormina 
Film Festivals. I made my maiden voyage to the Paris couture shows, Valentino's 
Chateau de Wideville and Les Rencontres D'Arles Photography 2010. I partied in St. 
Tropez and Patmos and became a "yacht slut" amusing the rich on everything from 160' 
to 350' with exotic names like Audacia, Siren, Lady Joy, Luna and Baracuda. 
Wednesday, September 1, 2010 
Nautical travel is reduced to a water taxi which takes me to the island of Giudecca in 
glorious Venice for the 67th Biennale Cinema 2010. 
I am greeted at the dock of the exclusive Cipriani Hotel with a flurry of Italian 
compliments and am compared to Peggy Guggenheim (in name only), the fabulously 
wealthy American avant-garde art collector. I mention I was at her Palazzo Venier dei 
Leoni two years ago to celebrate "Valentino: The Last Emperor." 
In the lobby, Franca Sozzani, the powerful editor of Italian Vogue regales me with tales 
of her party the night before for jury president Quentin Tarantino (who awards the 
Golden Lion) at Countess Bianca Arrivabene Valenti Gonzaga's XIV Century Palazzo 
Papadopoli on the Grand Canal. Blue-blooded beauties Ortensia Visconti and Bianca 
Brandolini d'Adda attended along with Jessica Alba. 
The porter shows me to a room in Siberia, which I call "the room test for stupid single 
women." I request something within walking distance to the front desk. In all the 
excitement—jetlag, spa visit, room upgrade—I have a premonition something is going to 
go wrong. 
Greek film director Angela Ismailos and I race to the premiere of Fox Searchlight's sexy 
ballet thriller "Black Swan" on the Lido. In front of the Palazzo del Cinema's Sala 
Grande, director Darren Aronofsky (a previous Golden Lion winner), Natalie Portman 
and French actor Vincent Cassel face an army of paparazzi and screaming fans. 
At the crowded after-party at the Hotel Excelsior, Darren takes me into a hidden private 
dining room for the filmmakers where Natalie Portman, with her choreographer 
boyfriend Benjamin Millepied, tells me she did most of the arduous dancing herself in 
the film. 
I return to my room at Cipriani's and discover my Verdura white topaz ring that looks 
like a million bucks and was a gift from Jets owner Woody Johnson (for organizing his 
60th birthday party) has mysteriously vanished. A sentimental sadness prevails. The 
hotel staff comes running and decides to investigate the next day. 
Thursday, Sept. 2, 2010 
EFTA00730615
--- PAGE 2 ---
Being a loyal fan and friend of Julian Schnabel's, I enthusiastically attend his press 
conference for The Weinstein Company's "Miral," a drama based on an 
autobiographical novel by Palestinian journalist Rula Jebreal, who is Julian's love 
interest. The film explores Rula's and three other Arab-Israeli women's lives from the 
1948 creation of the Jewish state to the 1993 Oslo accords that briefly raised hopes of 
peace in the Middle East. 
Rula, beautifully dressed in a white fitted sheath, speaks in flawless Italian and steals 
the show. Frieda Pinta, who portrays Rula, is sick and has stayed in India. Julian and 
his producer Jon Kilik wear headsets because the entire press conference is in Italian. 
Back at Cipriani's, Leelee Sobieski is poolside with her husband, men's fashion 
designer, Adam Kimmel. He is the father of their nine-month-old daughte 
who attended her parents wedding in Venice three days prior. 
Supermodel Naomi Campbell, wearing Azzedine Alaia and a huge emerald ring from 
her Russian billionaire boyfriend Vladimir Doronin, creates a flash-bulb frenzy on 
"Miral's" red carpet. Julian has brought four of his five children: 
, who is in the 
movie, 
and the 17-year-old twin boys, 
Olivier Sarkozy pretends not 
to be with 
Harvey Weinstein has just flown in from wife Georgina Chapman's 
hospital bedside in New York City and proudly shows a photo on his i-phone of two-day-
old daughter 
Luca Dini, editor-in- chief of Italian Vanity Fair, gives a glamorous seated dinner in 
honor of Julian and Rula at the Gothic Palazzo Pisani-Moretta on the Grand Canal. The 
building dates back to 1470, but was restored during the 18th century. It's the only 
palazzo with chandeliers still illuminated by hundreds of tall white candles. 
"W" Editor Stefano Tonchi with Shala Monroque, Stephen Dorff, John Turturro and 
Franca Sozzani in Alberta Ferretti all celebrate with 100 noble Venetians. Amy Sacco 
later leads the gang to her pop-up Bungalow 8 across the Canal. 
I sit with Naomi and Vladimir and tell them I crashed Naomi's 40th birthday party in 
Cannes in May. Vlad is more shocked than amused I got past his expensive extensive 
security. Naomi thinks it is just hilarious and says I should have called her, she would 
have invited me. I tell her I didn't know her or her number. We become fast friends 
talking about Liya Kebede's film "Desert Flower" and the Somalian model Waris Dirie 
who wrote the book the film is based on. Naomi started modeling at 15 with Waris and 
says she was one of the most beautiful women she ever worked with. 
My Verdura white topaz ring has still not been found by Cipriani's detectives, and the 
manager offers to take me to the chief of police the next day. 
Friday, September 3, 2010 
EFTA00730616
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sofia Coppola is the princess of Italy. At her morning press conference she says the 
inspiration for her new Focus Features film, "Somewhere," came from growing up with 
her father, Francis Ford Coppola, because they also lived in hotels. The press hangs on 
her every syllable. 
Her film is about a movie star who sees the emptiness of his existence through the eyes 
of his 11-year-old daughter. It was filmed at the Chateau Marmont, the Sunset 
Boulevard icon of Hollywood excess. 
It is the third day of the two-week festival. Sofia's film is already the front runner for the 
Golden Lion, which it eventually wins. 
I spend two hours at the Venice police station with my translator/hotel manager, 
detailing the saga of the missing ring which was originally designed by Sicilian Duke 
Fulco di Verdura for Rita Hayworth. Was it the porter, the ladies in the spa or the 
chambermaids? The police give me a three-page, single-spaced report in Italian for the 
insurance I later find out I don't have. 
After Sofia's premiere, Peter Brant, Tony Shafrazi, diamond dealer Laurence Graff, 
Naomi and Vladimir and the Russian editor of Vogue Ailona Doletskaya stop at 
Cipriani's for a private dinner. I sit next to my new best friend Naomi. 
We head to the Louis Vuitton party hosted by Antoine Arnault for Sofia at the 
Renaissance 16th-Century Palazzo Contarini Polignac on the Grand Canal. Sofia, 
French rocker Thomas Mars, the father of her two baby daughters, brother Roman 
Coppola, and cast members Stephen Dorff and Elle Fanning pose for photos. Willem 
Dafoe and young European actresses Clemence Poesy, Elisa Sednaoui, Lea Seydoux 
and Zoe Cassavetes are the evening's eye candy. 
Saturday, September 4, 2010 
I take Peter Brant to Roberta and Luigino Rossi's Palazzo Curti-Valmarana to see their 
collection of golden shoes drawn by Andy Warhol. Coincidentally Luigino owns a high-
end shoe factory and shoe museum near Venice. Peter has one of the world's most 
extensive collections of Warhols. 
The Venetian Heritage hosts a ceremony at the San Salvador Church to celebrate the 
restoration of a gold altar piece from the 14° century. Sofia Coppola shows up for a 
photo-op. Top art restorer Toto Bergamo Rossi hosts a picnic lunch in the gardens of 
his 17° century Palazzo Gradenigo for Antoine Arnault and his sister Delphine Arnault, 
Princess Firyal of Jordan, Countess Marina Cicogna, Earl Rufus Albemarle and his wife 
Sally, Lawrence Lovett and others. 
That evening Bulgari and W Magazine host a supper by the pool at Cipriani's. Stefano 
Tonchi and Nicola and Beatrice Bulgari greet Sir David Tang, Leelee Sobieski and 
Adam Kimmel, Franca Sozzani, Shala Monroque, Paz Vega and Sofia Coppola. 
EFTA00730617
--- PAGE 4 ---
I go to the Lido for a midnight screening of John Turturro's enchanting documentary 
"Passione," billed as a musical adventure through Naples. The film combines archival 
footage with musical numbers and explores his family's cultural heritage. 
Sunday, September 5"', 2010 
Another day, another palazzo. American 
(frotar i=.!) 
and he 
invite me to thei 
, purchased 
years ago with many of the original family's 
heirlooms. From the balcony, we watch the annual 
The spectacle was originally conceived 700 years ago as a competition between 
the gondoliers. 
While I am mesmerized by the procession of rowers wearing Renaissance costumes in 
ancient, brightly colored boats, two American films are exploding out of the Telluride 
Film Festival: The Weinstein Company/Tom Hooper's "The King's Speech" and Fox 
Searchlight/Danny Boyle's "127 Hours." 
I'm on my way to the Toronto and New York Film Festivals to see Columbia 
Pictures/David Fincher's "The Social Network" and every other Oscar contender. Let the 
race begin. 
And if you're in Venice and you see a porter wearing a huge white topaz ring on his 
pinky, tell him Woody Johnson is looking for him...but even worse, so is Peggy Siegal. 
EFTA00730618

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730619.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730619.pdf
----------------------------------------
Peggy Siegal (not Guggenheim) Does Venice Diary 
This was the summer I fled to Europe five times starting with the Cannes and Taormina 
Film Festivals. I made my maiden voyage to the Paris couture shows, Valentino's 
Chateau de Wideville and Les Rencontres D'Arles Photography 2010. I partied in St. 
Tropez and Patmos and became a "yacht slut" amusing the rich on everything from 160' 
to 350' with exotic names like Audacia, Siren, Lady Joy, Luna and Baracuda. 
Wednesday, September 1, 2010 
Nautical travel is reduced to a water taxi which takes me to the island of Giudecca in 
glorious Venice for the 67th Biennale Cinema 2010. 
I am greeted at the dock of the exclusive Cipriani Hotel with a flurry of Italian 
compliments and am compared to Peggy Guggenheim (in name only), the fabulously 
wealthy American avant-garde art collector. I mention I was at her Palazzo Venier dei 
Leoni two years ago to celebrate "Valentino: The Last Emperor." 
In the lobby, Franca Sozzani, the powerful editor of Italian Vogue regales me with tales 
of her party the night before for jury president Quentin Tarantino (who awards the 
Golden Lion) at Countess Bianca Arrivabene Valenti Gonzaga's XIV Century Palazzo 
Papadopoli on the Grand Canal. Blue-blooded beauties Ortensia Visconti and Bianca 
Brandolini d'Adda attended along with Jessica Alba. 
The porter shows me to a room in Siberia, which I call "the room test for stupid single 
women." I request something within walking distance to the front desk. In all the 
excitement—jetlag, spa visit, room upgrade—I have a premonition something is going to 
go wrong. 
Greek film director Angela Ismailos and I race to the premiere of Fox Searchlight's sexy 
ballet thriller "Black Swan" on the Lido. In front of the Palazzo del Cinema's Sala 
Grande, director Darren Aronofsky (a previous Golden Lion winner), Natalie Portman 
and French actor Vincent Cassel face an army of paparazzi and screaming fans. 
At the crowded after-party at the Hotel Excelsior, Darren takes me into a hidden private 
dining room for the filmmakers where Natalie Portman, with her choreographer 
boyfriend Benjamin Millepied, tells me she did most of the arduous dancing herself in 
the film. 
I return to my room at Cipriani's and discover my Verdura white topaz ring that looks 
like a million bucks and was a gift from Jets owner Woody Johnson (for organizing his 
60th birthday party) has mysteriously vanished. A sentimental sadness prevails. The 
hotel staff comes running and decides to investigate the next day. 
Thursday, Sept. 2, 2010 
EFTA00730619
--- PAGE 2 ---
Being a loyal fan and friend of Julian Schnabel's, I enthusiastically attend his press 
conference for The Weinstein Company's "Miral," a drama based on an 
autobiographical novel by Palestinian journalist Rula Jebreal, who is Julian's love 
interest. The film explores Rula's and three other Arab-Israeli women's lives from the 
1948 creation of the Jewish state to the 1993 Oslo accords that briefly raised hopes of 
peace in the Middle East. 
Rula, beautifully dressed in a white fitted sheath, speaks in flawless Italian and steals 
the show. Frieda Pinta, who portrays Rula, is sick and has stayed in India. Julian and 
his producer Jon Kilik wear headsets because the entire press conference is in Italian. 
Back at Cipriani's, Leelee Sobieski is poolside with her husband, men's fashion 
designer, Adam Kimmel. He is the father of their nine-month-old daughter 
who attended her parents wedding in Venice three days prior. 
Supermodel Naomi Campbell, wearing Azzedine Alaia and a huge emerald ring from 
her Russian billionaire boyfriend Vladimir Doronin, creates a flash-bulb frenzy on 
"Miral's" red carpet. Julian has brought four of his five children: 
, who is in the 
movie, 
and the 17-year-old twin boys, 
. Olivier Sarkozy pretends not 
to be with 
. Harvey Weinstein has just flown in from wife Georgina Chapman's 
hospital bedside in New York City and proudly shows a photo on his i-phone of two-day-
old daughter 
Luca Dini, editor-in- chief of Italian Vanity Fair, gives a glamorous seated dinner in 
honor of Julian and Rula at the Gothic Palazzo Pisani-Moretta on the Grand Canal. The 
building dates back to 1470, but was restored during the 18th century. It's the only 
palazzo with chandeliers still illuminated by hundreds of tall white candles. 
"W" Editor Stefano Tonchi with Shala Monroque, Stephen Dorff, John Turturro and 
Franca Sozzani in Alberta Ferretti all celebrate with 100 noble Venetians. Amy Sacco 
later leads the gang to her pop-up Bungalow 8 across the Canal. 
I sit with Naomi and Vladimir and tell them I crashed Naomi's 40th birthday party in 
Cannes in May. Vlad is more shocked than amused I got past his expensive extensive 
security. Naomi thinks it is just hilarious and says I should have called her, she would 
have invited me. I tell her I didn't know her or her number. We become fast friends 
talking about Liya Kebede's film "Desert Flower" and the Somalian model Waris Dirie 
who wrote the book the film is based on. Naomi started modeling at 15 with Waris and 
says she was one of the most beautiful women she ever worked with. 
My Verdura white topaz ring has still not been found by Cipriani's detectives, and the 
manager offers to take me to the chief of police the next day. 
Friday, September 3, 2010 
EFTA00730620
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sofia Coppola is the princess of Italy. At her morning press conference she says the 
inspiration for her new Focus Features film, "Somewhere," came from growing up with 
her father, Francis Ford Coppola, because they also lived in hotels. The press hangs on 
her every syllable. 
Her film is about a movie star who sees the emptiness of his existence through the eyes 
of his 11-year-old daughter. It was filmed at the Chateau Marmont, the Sunset 
Boulevard icon of Hollywood excess. 
It is the third day of the two-week festival. Sofia's film is already the front runner for the 
Golden Lion, which it eventually wins. 
I spend two hours at the Venice police station with my translator/hotel manager, 
detailing the saga of the missing ring which was originally designed by Sicilian Duke 
Fulco di Verdura for Rita Hayworth. Was it the porter, the ladies in the spa or the 
chambermaids? The police give me a three-page, single-spaced report in Italian for the 
insurance I later find out I don't have. 
After Sofia's premiere, Peter Brant, Tony Shafrazi, diamond dealer Laurence Graff, 
Naomi and Vladimir and the Russian editor of Vogue Ailona Doletskaya stop at 
Cipriani's for a private dinner. I sit next to my new best friend Naomi. 
We head to the Louis Vuitton party hosted by Antoine Arnault for Sofia at the 
Renaissance 16th-Century Palazzo Contarini Polignac on the Grand Canal. Sofia, 
French rocker Thomas Mars, the father of her two baby daughters, brother Roman 
Coppola, and cast members Stephen Dorff and Elle Fanning pose for photos. Willem 
Dafoe and young European actresses Clemence Poesy, Elisa Sednaoui, Lea Seydoux 
and Zoe Cassavetes are the evening's eye candy. 
Saturday, September 4, 2010 
I take Peter Brant to Roberta and Luigino Rossi's Palazzo Curti-Valmarana to see their 
collection of golden shoes drawn by Andy Warhol. Coincidentally Luigino owns a high-
end shoe factory and shoe museum near Venice. Peter has one of the world's most 
extensive collections of Warhols. 
The Venetian Heritage hosts a ceremony at the San Salvador Church to celebrate the 
restoration of a gold altar piece from the 14° century. Sofia Coppola shows up for a 
photo-op. Top art restorer Toto Bergamo Rossi hosts a picnic lunch in the gardens of 
his 17° century Palazzo Gradenigo for Antoine Arnault and his sister Delphine Arnault, 
Princess Firyal of Jordan, Countess Marina Cicogna, Earl Rufus Albemarle and his wife 
Sally, Lawrence Lovett and others. 
That evening Bulgari and W Magazine host a supper by the pool at Cipriani's. Stefano 
Tonchi and Nicola and Beatrice Bulgari greet Sir David Tang, Leelee Sobieski and 
Adam Kimmel, Franca Sozzani, Shala Monroque, Paz Vega and Sofia Coppola. 
EFTA00730621
--- PAGE 4 ---
I go to the Lido for a midnight screening of John Turturro's enchanting documentary 
"Passione," billed as a musical adventure through Naples. The film combines archival 
footage with musical numbers and explores his family's cultural heritage. 
Sunday, September 5"', 2010 
Another day, another palazzo. American 
(from 
t) 
and her 
invite me to their 
purchased 
years ago with many of the original family's 
heirlooms. From the balcony, we watch the annual 
The spectacle was originally conceived 700 years ago as a competition between 
the gondoliers. 
While I am mesmerized by the procession of rowers wearing Renaissance costumes in 
ancient, brightly colored boats, two American films are exploding out of the Telluride 
Film Festival: The Weinstein Company/Tom Hooper's "The King's Speech" and Fox 
Searchlight/Danny Boyle's "127 Hours." 
I'm on my way to the Toronto and New York Film Festivals to see Columbia 
Pictures/David Fincher's "The Social Network" and every other Oscar contender. Let the 
race begin. 
And if you're in Venice and you see a porter wearing a huge white topaz ring on his 
pinky, tell him Woody Johnson is looking for him...but even worse, so is Peggy Siegal. 
EFTA00730622

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730623.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730623.pdf
----------------------------------------
VENUS by PININFARINA 
FINISH: 
Ice White High Gloss Lacquer 
ESTIMATED PRICE: 
$129,000 - $134,000 
Price w/ Winter Promotion: 
$116,100 - $120,600 
STAINLESS CURVED ISLAND COUNTERTOP: 
$10,252 
PURE WHITE QUARTZ COUNTERTOPS: 
$ 13,280 
PANTRY DOOR w/Fnune & handles: 
$ 2,305 
VENUS WHITE TABLE: 
$ 9,117 
ARCHITECT: 
Dou las A. Schoettle 
TEL: 
EMAIL: 
PROJECT SITE: 
St. Thomas 
INCLUDES: Cabinetry as in plan, internal accessories, pull outs, under cabinet lights, 
Soft closing drawers & hinges, hardware, handles and shipping from Italy 
NO TAX APPLICABLE - DELIVERY TO ST. THOMAS ADDITIONAL 
THIS QUOTE. IS FOR SNAIDERO CABINETS ONLY AND DOES NOT INCLUDE: 
SALES TAX - LOCAL. DELIVERY. INSTALLATION • APPLIANCES • WORK TOPS • BACKSPLASH • CONSTRUCTION - GENERAL LIGHTING 
• ELECTRICAL • PLUMBING • FLOORING 
THIS PRELIMINARY BUDGET ESTIMATE IS INTENDED TO HELP YOU WITH YOUR PROJECT AND IS IN NO WAY OBLIGATING TO 
EITHER PARTY, NOR IS IT BINDING IN PRICE 
PLEASE NOTE. THAT ANY ADDITIONS, DELETIONS, AND/OR AMENDMENTS MAY ALTER THIS ESTIMATE 
THIS ESTIMATE IS VALID FOR THIRTY (30) DAYS 
RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED: Sandra Mora 
DATE: 03-05-10 
PDF Created with deskPDF PDF Writer - Trial :: 
EFTA00730623

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730624.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730624.pdf
----------------------------------------
ROY BLACK 
HOWARD M. SREDNICK 
SCOTT A. KORNSPAN 
LARRY A. STUMPF 
MAFIA NEYRA 
JACKIE PERCZEK 
MARK A.J. SHAPIRO 
JARED LOPEZ 
BLACK 
SREBNICK 
KORNSPAN 
STUMPF 
PA 
April 5, 2010 
DELIVERY BY ELECTRONIC MAIL 
Esq. 
Assistant Untied States Attorney 
500 South Australian Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-6223 
RE: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear 
JESSICA FONSECA-NADER 
KATHLEEN P. PHIU.IPS 
AARON ANTHON 
MARCOS BEATON, JR. 
MATTHEW P. O'BRIEN 
JENIFER J. SOULIKIAS 
NOAH Fox 
E-Mail: 
We are in receipt of the letter authored by you on April 2, 2010. Although 
we respectfully disagree with your conclusion that a civil pleading which 
challenges a Complaint for its facial legal deficiencies and seeks only to raise 
substantial and unresolved legal issues regarding 18 USC §2255 (which, if 
allowed, would lead only to the plaintiff amending her filing rather than having it 
dismissed with prejudice) could constitute a breach of Mr. Epstein's NPA 
obligations, we appreciate your having reviewed the draft pleading authored by 
civil counsel for Mr. Epstein that was appended to our prior letter to you. We have 
advised civil counsel of your office's position. We have been informed, and can 
accordingly assure you, that the motion as redrafted will ng( seek dismissal of the 
Complaint as a whole, but instead will seek dismissal only of Count 6 which rests 
on a predicate which, unlike Counts 1-5, had not even been enacted at the time 
of the conduct alleged by Jane Doe 103. Although the issues of multiplicity of 
counts and whether the minimum damage recovery would be $50,000 or 
$150,000 remain, they will nig be litigated via a motion that would, if allowed, 
result in a dismissal (even one without prejudice) of the §2255 action. 
Again, while we respect (and in fact sought) your opinion as to whether the 
earlier draft motion was consistent with the NPA, according to Mr. Epstein's civil 
counsel, it sought only to dismiss the Complaint without prejudice to its being re-
filed under the version of the statute, 18 USC §2255, that was in existence at the 
2O1 S. Biscayne Boulevard. Suite 1300 • Miami, Florida 33131 • Phone: 
• Fax: 
• www.RoyBlack.com 
EFTA00730624
--- PAGE 2 ---
Esq. 
April 5, 2010 
Page 2 
time of the conduct, rather than the later version which was enacted after the 
conduct at issue ended, see p.22 ("Plaintiff's action should be dismissed and she 
should be required to plead her action under the applicable version of 18 USC 
2255") and p.24 ("the statute in effect during the time of the alleged conduct 
applies, not the version, as amended, effective July 27, 2006"). It was never the 
intent of Mr. Epstein or his civil counsel to permanently preclude Jane Doe 103 
from bringing a lawsuit under 18 USC §2255 or to take a position in conflict with 
Mr. Epstein's waivers under 18 of the NPA. 
Again, we appreciate your providing us with the Office's position so that we 
could in turn provide intelligent guidance to civil counsel. 
Very truly yours, 
MARTIN WEINBERG, ESQ. 
ROY %ACK, ESQ. 
By 
/wg 
cc: 
Jeff Sloman, Esq. 
Bob Senior, Esq. 
Black. Srebnick. Kornspan & Stumpf. P.A. 
EFTA00730625

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730626.pdf
----------------------------------------
ROY BLACK 
HOWARD M. SRESNICK 
Scorr A. KORNSPAN 
LARRY A. Swim, 
MARIA NEYRA 
JACKIE PERCZEK 
MARK A.J. SHAPIRO 
JARED LOPEZ 
BLACK 
SREBNICK 
KORNSPAN 
& STUMPF 
-=. PA._ 
December 9, 2009 
Esq. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of Florida 
500 South Australian Avenue 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear 
JESSICA FONSECA-NADER 
KATHLEEN P. PHILLIPS 
AARON ANTHON 
MARCOS BEATON, JR. 
MATTHEW P. O'BRIEN 
JENIPER J. SOULIKIAS 
NOAH Fox 
E-Mail: 
You emailed me a letter on November 2, asking whether Jeffrey Epstein's 
place of employment remained constant. It has. I reviewed a Google map to 
confirm that the distance between that place of employment and the location 
where he was stopped by Palm Beach Police is less than 3 miles (and that the 
location where he was walking was on a direct mute to his place of work). 
It has taken us a while to respond to your letter because other matters have 
consumed our time and effort. Over the past five weeks, the massive billion-dollar 
conspiracy created and run by Scott Rothstein has been exposed. On Monday, 
Mr. Epstein filed a state civil RICO lawsuit charging Rothstein, his partner Brad 
Edwards, and others with tortuous and fraudulent abuses of process that resulted 
in serious injury to Mr. Epstein. A copy of the Complaint is enclosed with this 
letter. 
As ou know, Rothstein's firm represents 
IM=na.rid 
three of the plaintiffs who have brought civil actions against Mr. 
Epstein. The Rothstein firm was a criminal enterprise that used the litigation 
against Mr. Epstein to lure investors into its billion-dollar ponzi scheme. We 
believe that Rothstein and his co-conspirators used the government's criminal 
investigation as a means to perpetrate and further their fraud. For example: 
201 5. Biscayne Boulevard. Suite 1300 • Miami. Florida 33131 • Phone: 
• Fax: 
• mvw.RoyBlack.com 
EFTA00730626
--- PAGE 2 ---
, Esq. 
December 9, 2009 
Page 2 
1. The Rothstein lawyers sought disclosure of the NPA to prove who the 
victims were, and used the NPA to "corroborate" their false claims. 
2. Rothstein and his co-conspirators abused the legal process in other 
cases. They forged the signature of judges, and even forged an Eleventh Circuit 
opinion. 
3. Rothstein lawyers demanded phony protective orders. 
4. In our case, they sought discovery of Epstein's plane logs to fish for 
celebrities to extort and convince investors that huge amounts of settlement 
money was available from them. 
5. Rothstein lawyers litigated claims using Jane Doe names to make the 
phony settlements appear plausible to investors, and also to prevent any 
investigation into the claims by the investors. 
6. Rothstein and others told investors that your office directed the women 
to the Rothstein firm. 
7. Rothstein and his co-conspirators gathered information illegally, and 
shared it with the other plaintiffs' attorneys in this case. 
8. Rothstein deceived investors into believing that he had the confidential 
victim list you prepared, and that he had a copy of the NPA. 
9. 
Rothstein told investors that his investigators had sophisticated 
electronic bugging equipment to gather evidence against Epstein. 
10. Rothstein told investors that Epstein had offered to settle the cases for 
$200 million, when there have been no such discussions about any settlement at 
any price. 
And it does not stop there. Rothstein his artners, and his employees 
investigated and litigated the 
cases with funds derived 
from their criminal enterprise and their fraud and misrepresentations to investors. 
But we have been stymied from debunking fraudulent claims brought by the 
Rothstein criminal enterprise because you have threatened that such action on 
Black Srebnick. Komspan & Stumpf, PA 
EFTA00730627
--- PAGE 3 ---
Esq. 
December 9, 2009 
Page 3
our part would constitute a breach of the NPA. So the Rothstein lawyers, once 
again, are using the power of the federal government to perpetrate and further 
their fraud. And the expense of litigating these cases has been extreme. For 
example, Bob Josefsberg, who I do not believe was aware of the Rothstein crimes, 
is now demanding over $2 million in legal fees. 
As a lawsuit brought by some of the investors' claims, Rothstein and his 
partner Edwards used Jeffrey Epstein as bait. The litigation strategy, media 
pronouncements, and investigatory initiatives of Rothstein and Edwards were 
calculated to support Rothstein's deceptions rather than to advance the position 
of his clients. I bring these facts to your attention so that if you had contact with 
Edwards or those associated with him in the past concerning Mr. Epstein, you 
consider not continuing communications with any of them in the future. 
I would like a short conference with you in person to talk about Mr. 
Epstein's progress through the state criminal justice system, to discuss several 
outstanding issues that I want to make sure you have accurate information about, 
and, from my perspective, most importantly, so that I can provide Mr. Epstein 
with proper counsel going forward. If you email me some dates when you are 
available this month, we can schedule a short meeting in your office hopefully 
before the year ends. 
Roy Black 
RB/wg 
Enclosure 
Black. Srebnick. Kornspan & Stumpf. P.A. 
EFTA00730628

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730629.pdf
----------------------------------------
ROY BLACK 
HOWARD M. SREBNICK 
SCOTT A. KORNSPAN 
LARRY A. STUMPF 
MARIA NEYRA 
JACKIE PERCZEK 
MARK A.J. SHAPIRO 
JARED LOPEZ 
May 18, 2010 
VIA EMAIL AND U.S. MAIL 
A. Marie Villafafia, Esq. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of Florida 
500 South Australian Avenue 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Counsel: 
JESSICA FONSECA•NADER 
KATHLEEN P. PHILLIPS 
AARON ANTHON 
MARCOS BEATON, JR. 
JENIFER J. SOULIICIAS 
NOAH Fox 
JOSHUA SHORE 
E-Mail: 
Jeff Sloman, Esq. 
United States Attorney 
N.E. 4th Street 
Miami, FL 33132 
Bob Senior, Esq. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
N.E. 4th Street 
Miami, FL 33132 
We received notice this morning that Podhurst Orseck, P.A. has filed a civil 
complaint seeking over $2,000,000 in addition to the $526,000 they have already 
been paid by Jeffrey Epstein for their work as attorney representatives. As we 
communicated to you during our February 3, 2010 meeting and both before 
(January 20, 2010) and thereafter (February 18, 2010) by letter, see appended 
letters, there exists significant differences between fees that Mr. Epstein and his 
civil counsel believe are within his NPA obligations and additional amounts which 
the attorney representative is claiming are due. 
Mr. Epstein has in the past attempted to resolve issues relating to the 
outstanding invoices through efforts to review the particulars in the unpaid bills 
with the attorney representative, through settlement discussions with the attorney 
representative, and through his signing on February 16, 2010 a Special Masters 
Agreement which would allow a neutral third party to make a binding 
determination as to what portions of the invoices at issue were reasonable, non-
duplicative, and within Mr. Epstein's NPA-obligations. As a preliminary matter, 
EFTA00730629
--- PAGE 2 ---
A. Marie Villafafia, Esq. 
Jeff Sloman, Esq. 
Bob Senior, Esq. 
May 18, 2010 
Page 2 
Mr. Epstein had been requesting, but did not receive, an invoice including billing 
dating back to October 2009 until May 11, 2010 - and even this invoice was 
without the charges of certain of the outside contractors relied upon by the 
Podhurst firm. 
We regret that these efforts did not resolve the matter and that Podhurst 
Orseck, P.A. elected instead to litigate. Mr. Epstein is today, in response to the 
lawsuit, placing the total identified amount of $2,000,000 in an account 
maintained at the Clerk's Office for the United States District Court pending the 
results of the litigation. Mr. Epstein has always agreed that he is entirely 
responsible for any settlement-related fees that are not excessive and will take no 
litigation position inconsistent with that understanding. However, we have 
contended as a matter of principle that given the unexpected enormity of the 
claims for legal fees, that absent additional detail on why the invoiced fees were 
not duplicative and excessive and outside the ambit of Mr. Epstein's NPA 
obligations, payment should depend on either an agreement with the attorney 
representative which never occurred or a determination by a neutral third party. 
Mr. Epstein will pay whatever amount Judge Gold or any selected Master 
determine he owes under the NPA 
Respectfully submitted, 
MARTIN WEINBERG, ESQ. 
ROY BLACK, ESQ. 
BY 
/wg 
EFTA00730630

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730631.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730631.pdf
----------------------------------------
2010 
World Science Festival 
World 
Science 
Festival 
World Science Festival 
230 West 41st Street 
Nevi York NY 10036 
information line 
telephone 
fax 
.....AviAvorldsciencefestivalcom 
Opening Night 
+ 
+ 
Founding Benefactors 
SIMONS FOUNDATION 
AIINFp P. 
r, c "
\
JOHN TEM PL ETON 
FOUNDATION 
Gala Performance 
Honoring 
W Unwiring-
EFTA00730631
--- PAGE 2 ---
Stephen W. Hawking 
Stephen W. Hawking is one of 
the world's foremost theoretical 
physicists. His dramatic 
breakthroughs into the origin of 
the universe and the properties of 
black holes are among the most 
revolutionary insights into the 
nature of the cosmos since the work 
of Albert Einstein. Until stepping 
down last October, Hawking was the 
Lucasian Professor of Mathematics 
at Cambridge University, a post 
once held by Isaac Newton. To the 
wider public, Hawking is known for 
his uncanny ability to communicate 
complex theories in accessible 
language, notably through his book 
A Brief History of Time, which spent 
237 weeks on the London Sunday 
Times bestseller list and sold more 
than 10 million copies worldwide. 
In presenting Professor Hawking the 
Presidential Medal of Freedom on 
August 12, 2009, President Barack 
°barna stated that "he's led us 
on a journey to the farthest and 
strangest reaches of the cosmos. 
In so doing, he has stirred our 
imagination and shown us the power 
of the human spirit here on Earth." 
The World Science Festival 
The World Science Festival, co-
founded by Brian Greene and Tracy 
Day, is an unprecedented annual 
celebration of imagination, ingenuity 
and inventiveness, that takes 
science out of the labors 
into the streets, theaters, 
and public halls of New Yo 
making the esoteric understandable 
and the familiar fascinating. 
k k 
The Festival's mission is to cultivate 
and sustain a general public 
informed by the content of science, 
inspired by its wonder, convinced of 
its value, and prepared to engage 
with its implications for the future. 
Icarus at the Edge of Time 
Commissioned and Co-produced 
by World Science Festival (New 
York) and Southbank Centre 
(London) with The Royal Society. 
Co-commissioned by Associazione 
Festival della Scienza with the 
Baltimore Symphony Orchestra 
and Glasgow's Concert Halls 
Executive Producers: Gillian 
Moore, Southbank Centre, London 
in collaboration with The Royal 
Society; Tracy Day, World Science 
Festival, New York. 
Opening Night Gala Performance 
of the 2010 World Science Festival 
Honoring Professor Stephen W. Hawking 
Featuring a Performing Arts Salute to Science 
tarring Alan Alda, Elizabeth Alexander, Danny Burstein, Eldar Djangirov, 
Todd Ellison, David Hallberg, Rebecca Luker, Yo-Yo Ma, Kelli O'Hara, 
Tiler Peck, Emalie Savoy, Young People's Chorus of New York City, Silk Road 
And the World Premiere of 
Icarus at the Edge of Time 
mesmerizing musica a e • space, ime an a journey to the very 
dge of understanding. 
Based on the book by Brian Greene 
Music by Philip Glass 
Narrative adapted by Brian Greene and David Henry Hwang 
Film created and directed by Al and Al 
Performance by the Orchestra of St. Luke's 
Wednesday, June 2, 2010 
Alice Tully Hall, Lincoln Center, New York 
Perfo 
pm Gala Reception 
Produced in collaboration 
nco 
r e 
ming 
RSVP Card Enclosed Cocktail Attire 
Forgala tickets and further information, please contact Mary Keating 
at 
or email 
EFTA00730632

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730633.pdf
----------------------------------------
WALL PAINT 
Benjamin Moore 'Egyptian Green' 2043-40 
J. R 1N4CDILY' NT 
LJ X 
EFTA00730633

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730634.pdf
----------------------------------------
Westlaw. 
Page I 
589 F.3d 86 
(Cite as: 589 F.3d 86) 
H 
United States Court of Appeals, 
Second Circuit. 
UNITED STATES of America, Appellee, 
v. 
Travis S. HESTER, Defendant-Appellant. 
Docket Nos. 08-4665-cr(L), 08-4667-cr(con). 
Submitted: June 16, 2009. 
Decided: Dec. 16, 2009. 
Background: Following denial of motion to dismiss 
the indictment in the United States District Court for 
the Northern District of New York, Shame J. 2008 
WL 351677, defendant pled guilty to traveling in 
interstate commerce and failing to register or update 
his sex offender registration in violation of the Sex 
Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) 
and making a false statement in the acquisition of a 
firearm. Defendant appealed. 
Holdings: The Court of Appeals held that: 
al as a matter of first impression in the circuit, 
defendant's due process rights were not violated even 
though he claimed he had no actual knowledge of 
SORNA's registration requirements; 
as a matter of first impression in the circuit, 
defendant's due process rights were not violated even 
though New York and Florida had not yet 
implemented SORNA; and 
(11 defendant waived his right to raise on appeal new 
constitutional challenges to the indictment. 
Affirmed. 
West Headnotes 
fll Criminal Law 110 €1139 
110 Criminal Law 
I0XXIV Review 
110XXIV(L) Scope of Review in General 
I 1 0XXIV(L113 Review De Novo 
110k1139 k. In general. Most Cited 
Cases 
The Court of Appeals reviews questions of 
constitutional interpretation de novo. 
111 Constitutional Law 92 €4509(1) 
Constitutional Law 
92XXVII Due Process 
92XXVII(H) Criminal Law 
92XXVII(H)2 Nature and Elements of 
Crime 
92k4502 Creation and Definition of 
Offense 
92k4509 Particular Offenses 
92k4509(1) k. In general. Most 
Cited Cases 
Mental Health 257A €='469.5 
257A Mental Health 
257AIV Disabilities and Privileges of Mentally 
Disordered Persons 
257AIV(E) Crimes 
257Ak469.5 k. Offenses and prosecutions. 
Most Cited Cases 
Defendant's due process rights were not violated when 
he was convicted of failing to register as a sex 
offender under SORNA when he relocated from New 
York to Florida, even though he claimed he had no 
actual knowledge of the registration requirements; 
defendant knew that under state law he had to update 
his registration in New York and that he had to register 
as sex offender in new state if he moved and defendant 
had complied with the state law requirements on four 
separate occasions. U.S.C.A. Const.Amend. 5- 18 
U.S.C.A. 5 2250(a); Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act, § 113(a), 42 U.S.C.A. § 16913(a). 
Constitutional Law 92 €4509(1) 
Constitutional Law 
92XXVII Due Process 
92XXVII(H) Criminal Law 
92XXVII(H)2 Nature and Elements of 
Crime 
Offense 
Cited Cases 
92k4502 Creation and Definition of 
92k4509 Particular Offenses 
92k4509(1) k. In general. Most 
(O 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
EFTA00730634
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
589 F.3d 86 
(Cite as: 589 F.3d 86) 
Mental Health 257A 'C='469.5 
257A Mental Health 
257A1V Disabilities and Privileges of Mentally 
Disordered Persons 
257AIV(E) Crimes 
257Ak469.5 k. Offenses and prosecutions. 
Most Cited Cases 
Defendant's due process rights were not violated when 
he was convicted of failing to register as a sex 
offender under SORNA when he relocated from New 
York to Florida, even though New York and Florida 
had not yet implemented SORNA, where both New 
York and Florida had state sex offender registration 
programs in effect during relevant time period. 18 
U.S.C.A. & 2250(a)- U.S.C.A. Const.Amend. 5- Sex 
Offender Registration and Notification Act, § 113(a), 
U.S.C.A. § 16913(a). 
Ell Criminal Law 110 C=11026.10(5) 
110 Criminal Law 
I IOXXIV Review 
I 10XXIV(D) Right of Review 
110k1025 Right of Defendant to Review 
110k1026.10 Waiver or Loss of Right 
110k1026.10(21 Plea of Guilty or 
Nolo Contendere 
110k1026.10(5) k. Contingent or 
conditional plea; reservation of right. Most Cited 
Cases 
Defendant waived his right to raise on appeal new 
constitutional challenges to the indictment when he 
pled guilty to failing to register as a sex offender under 
SORNA; defendant reserved only his right to appeal 
the order that denied his motion to dismiss the 
indictment, and in his motion to dismiss the 
indictment defendant raised only a due process claim. 
U.S.C.A. Const.Amend. 5- 18 U.S.C.A. § 2250(a); 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, § 
113(a), 42 U.S.C.A. § 16913(a). 
*87 Timothy E. Austin Assistant Federal Public 
Defender (Molly Corbett, on the brief), Office of the 
Federal Public Defender, Albany, NY, for Travis S. 
Hester. 
Brenda K. Sannes Assistant United States Attorney 
(Andrew T. Baxter, Acting United States Attorney for 
the Northern District of New York, on the brief, 
Thomas Spina. Jr. Assistant United States Attorney, 
of counsel), Office of the United States Attorney for 
the Northern District of New York, Syracuse, NY, for 
the United States of America. 
*88 Before: WINTER CABRANES, and HALL 
Circuit Judges. 
PER CURIAM: 
Defendant-appellant Travis S. Hester ("defendant" or 
"Hester") appeals from a September 16, 2008 
judgment entered in the United States District Court 
for the Northern District of New York (Sharpe, J.), 
convicting him, following a guilty plea, of two counts 
of traveling in interstate commerce and failing to 
register or update his sex offender registration in 
violation of the Sex Offender Registration and 
Notification Act ("SORNA"), 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a), 
and one count of making a false statement in the 
acquisition of a firearm, in violation of  18 U.S.C. 
922(a)(6). As part of the plea agreement, Hester 
expressly agreed to waive his right to appeal his 
conviction and sentence if he received a sentence of 51 
months' imprisonment or less, but reserved the right to 
appeal the district court's February 7, 2008 order 
denying his motion to dismiss the indictment.EN-1 The 
district court sentenced Hester principally to a term of 
months' imprisonment On appeal, Hester argues 
that (1) his prosecution for failure to register as a sex 
offender under 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a) violated his right 
to due process of law under the Fifth Amendment of 
the U.S. Constitution- (2) 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a) and the 
registration requirements of SORNA 42 U.S.C. k 
16913(a), violate the Commerce Clause of the U.S. 
Constitution; and (3) IS U.S.C. § 2250(a) is 
unconstitutionally vague. Hester's due process 
argument presents a question of first impression for 
this Court. For the reasons stated below, we conclude, 
as have all of our sister circuits that have considered 
the issue, that prosecution for failure to register as a 
sex offender under 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a) does not 
violate the right to due process of law. With respect to 
Hester's two remaining arguments, we conclude that 
those were waived pursuant to the plea agreement. 
Accordingly, we affirm the judgment of the district 
court. 
FN I. Hester also reserved the right to 
collaterally attack 
his conviction and 
sentence in the event that 18 U.S.C. § 2250 
was subsequently declared unconstitutional 
2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
EFTA00730635
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
589 F.3d 86 
(Cite as: 589 F.3d 86) 
by either this Court or the Supreme Court. 
BACKGROUND 
On October 13, 2006, Hester pleaded guilty in 
Schenectady City Court to Sexual Abuse in the Third 
Degree, in violation of N.Y. Penal Law § 130.55 and 
Forcible Touching, in violation of N.Y. Penal Law § 
130.52. Hester was sentenced principally to 90 days 
imprisonment on the first charge and 60 days 
imprisonment on the second charge. As a result of 
these convictions, Hester was required to register as a 
sex offender in New York State, which he did on 
December 7, 2006. Specifically, Hester signed a New 
York State "Sex Offender Registration Form," which 
enumerated all of Hester's "duties as a sex offender," 
including that 
You must notify [the Division of Criminal Justice 
Services] in writing of any change of home address 
no later than 10 days after you move. (NOTE: 
Change of address forms are available at your local 
law enforcement agency, parole or probation office, 
or from [the Division of Criminal Justices 
Services].) If you move to another state, you must 
register as a sex offender within 10 days of 
establishing residence. You must also register in any 
state in which you are employed or are a student. 
Hester initialed each of the specific requirements 
listed on the form. Additionally, he signed his name 
below the statement, "I understand I have a duty to 
*89 register and my duties were explained to me." 
Between January 18, 2007 and April 10, 2007, Hester 
filed four New York State Sex Offender Change of 
Address forms. After April 10, 2007, however, New 
York State officials were unable to locate him. On 
April 12, 2007, the Schenectady County Probation 
Department concluded that Hester had absconded 
from supervision and relocated to Florida. A New 
York State judge issued an arrest warrant for Hester 
based upon a petition that alleged probation violations. 
On July 12, 2007, Hester was arrested in Florida on a 
charge of making a false statement in connection with 
the purchase of a firearm. During questioning after his 
arrest, Hester stated that he had moved to Florida 
approximately two to three months earlier and that he 
had not registered as a sex offender when he moved. 
Hester was indicted in the Northern District of New 
York and charged with two counts of violating 18 
U.S.C. § 2250(a), for failure to update and register as a 
sex offender pursuant to SORNA. The applicable 
requirements provide that "[a] sex offender shall 
register, and keep the registration current, in each 
jurisdiction where the offender resides, where the 
offender is an employee, and where the offender is a 
student." 42 U.S.C. 6 16913(a). Hester's two charged 
counts were based upon his failure to update his 
registration in New York (Count 1) and failure to 
register in Florida (Count 2). Hester filed a motion to 
dismiss the indictment, arguing, inter olio, that his 
prosecution for failure to register as a sex offender 
under IS U.S.C. § 2250(a) violated his right to due 
process of law because he did not have actual notice of 
SORNA. Specifically, Hester argued that although 
SORNA was enacted on July 27, 2006-three months 
before he pleaded guilty to the underlying sexual 
offenses-neither 
New 
York 
nor 
Florida 
had 
implemented a SORNA-compliant registry at the time 
of his July 2007 arrest. Accordingly, Hester argued 
that "a reasonable person reading the entirety of the 
SORNA legislation would be. at best, confused about 
whether there is a present obligation to register under 
SORNA" and that his prosecution for failure to 
register under SORNA would be a violation of due 
process. J.A. 30 (Def.'s Mot. to Dismiss and Suppress 
Statements, Dec. 13, 2007). 
The district court denied Hester's motion to dismiss 
the indictment. See United States v. Hester. No. 
07-cr-376 (GLS). 2008 WL 351677 (N.D.N.Y. Feb. 7 
2008). First, the district court stated that "[w]hile it 
may be true that the states have until July 2009 to 
implement 
certain 
administrative 
portions 
of 
[SORNA], the statute itself became effective in July 
2006. Therefore, whether mandated by New York, 
Florida or SORNA, registering is not optional." Id. at 
*2. The district court also found that "Hester had 
sufficient notice that failure to register and update his 
registration was illegal.... The record is clear that he 
knew he had to register and failed to do so." Id. 
Because the district court determined that "it is not 
necessary for a defendant to know precisely which 
statute he is violating in order to be held liable under 
the law," it concluded that "it is irrelevant whether 
Hester knew specifically that he was in violation of 
SORNA." Id. 
Pursuant to a plea agreement, Hester pleaded guilty to 
two counts of violating 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a). At the 
2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
EFTA00730636
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
589 F.3d 86 
(Cite as: 589 F.3d 86) 
same time, he also pleaded guilty to one count of 
making a false statement in the acquisition of a 
firearm, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 922(a)(6), the 
crime that led to his July 2007 arrest. As part of the 
plea agreement, Hester expressly agreed to waive his 
right to appeal his conviction and sentence if he 
received a sentence of 51 *90 months' imprisonment 
or less, but he reserved the right to appeal the district 
court's February 7, 2008 order denying his motion to 
dismiss the indictment.au On September 16, 2008, the 
district court sentenced Hester principally to 37 
months' imprisonment on each count, to run 
concurrently. Hester filed a timely notice of appeal. 
FN2. See supra, note I. 
DISCUSSION 
W Hester makes three main arguments to this Court 
on appeal: (1) his prosecution for failure to register as 
a sex offender under 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a) violated his 
constitutional right to due process of law; (2) 18 
U.S.C. 5 2250(a) and the registration requirements of 
SORNA 42 U.S.C. § 16913(4 violate the Commerce 
Clause to the Constitution; and (3) 18 U.S.C. § 
2250(a) is unconstitutionally vague. Hester's due 
process argument presents a question of first 
impression for this Court. We consider each argument 
in turn, and we review questions of constitutional 
interpretation de novo. See United States v. Stein 541 
F.3d 130. 146 (2d Cir.2008); United States v. King. 
276 F.3d 109. I 1 1 (2d Cir.2002). 
I. Statutory Overview 
On July 27, 2006, Congress enacted the Adam Walsh 
Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 ("the Walsh 
Act"), Pub.L. No. 109-248. 120 Stat. 587. Title I of the 
Walsh Act codified SORNA, the declared purpose of 
which is to "protect the public from sex offenders and 
offenders against children ... [by] establish [ing] a 
comprehensive national system for the registration of 
those offenders." 42 U.S.C. § 16901. Pursuant to 
SORNA, individuals who have been convicted of a 
sex offense must register "in each jurisdiction where 
the offender resides, where the offender is an 
employee, and where the offender is a student," and 
must keep his or her registration current by updating 
the relevant jurisdiction after each change of name, 
residence, employment, or student status. 42 U.S.C. 
16913. SORNA provides criminal penalties for failing 
to comply with its registration requirements. Section 
2250(a) states: 
Whoever-
(1) is required to register under the Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act; 
(2) (A) is a sex offender as defined for the purposes 
of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification 
Act by reason of a conviction under Federal law 
(including the Uniform Code of Military Justice), 
the law of the District of Columbia, Indian tribal 
law, or the law of any territory or possession of the 
United States; or 
(B) travels in interstate or foreign commerce, or 
enters or leaves, or resides in, Indian country; and 
(3) knowingly fails to register or update a 
registration as required by the Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act; 
shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more 
than 10 years, or both. 
U.S.C. § 2250(a). SORNA also creates standards 
for the registration programs of all jurisdictions.m 
See 42 U.S.C. 5 16912(a). Each jurisdiction was to 
implement the standards set forth in SORNA *91 by 
July 27, 2009. See 42 U.S.C. § 16924(a)(1). Although 
neither New York nor Florida had implemented the 
specific requirements set forth in SORNA during the 
time period charged in the indictment, both states had 
sex offender registration programs that complied with 
the federal Jacob Wetterling Act, 42 U.S.C. § 14071. 
et seq., which was the statutory precursor to SORNA. 
FN3. "Jurisdiction" is defined to include: a 
state, 
the District of Columbia, 
the 
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, 
America Samoa, the Northern Mariana 
Islands, the United States Virgin Islands, and 
federally recognized Indian tribes that elect 
to function as "registration jurisdictions."See 
U.S.C. §§ 16911(10); 16927. 
II. Defendant's Due Process Claim 
Under the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, 
O 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
EFTA00730637
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
589 F.3d 86 
(Cite as: 589 F.3d 86) 
no person shall be "deprived of life, liberty, or 
property, without due process of law." Hester argues 
that his prosecution for failure to register as a sex 
offender under 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a) violated his right 
to due process for two principal reasons. First, he 
argues that he "cannot be required to register is [sic] 
he had no actual knowledge of the requirement that he 
register." Second, Hester argues that his prosecution 
violated his due process right because neither New 
York nor Florida had implemented SORNA's 
registration program requirements during the relevant 
period, and thus, compliance with SORNA was 
"impossible for him." 
It is well-established that ignorance of the law is not a 
valid defense to a criminal prosecution. See, e.g., 
Cheek v. United States. 498 U.S. 192. 199. III S.Ct. 
604, 112 L.Ed.2d 617 (1991) ("The general rule that 
ignorance of the law or a mistake of law is no defense 
to criminal prosecution is deeply rooted in the 
American legal system."). In Lambert v. California 
355 U.S. 225. 78 S.Ct. 240.2 L.Ed.2d 228 (1957), the 
Supreme Court carved a narrow exception to this rule, 
holding that a municipal ordinance that made it a 
crime for a convicted felon to remain in Los Angeles 
for five days without registering with the Chief of 
Police violated defendant's due process right. Id. at 
229. 78 S.Ct. 240. The Court highlighted the 
importance of notice in registration statutes that do not 
have a requisite mens rea, stating: "[e]ngrained in ow 
concept of due process is the requirement of notice. 
Notice is sometimes essential so that the citizen has a 
chance to defend charges." M. at 228.78 S.Ct. 240. A 
defendant, therefore, may be able to defend against 
criminal charges on the basis that he was ignorant of 
the law if the circumstances surrounding the 
prosecution meet the limited exception carved out in 
Lambert. Our Court has not previously had an 
opportunity to consider whether 18 U.S.C. & 2250(a) 
violates the Due Process Clause, although we note that 
several of our sister circuits have considered and 
rejected these arguments. 
With respect to Hester's first argument (Le., he was 
ignorant of the law), several of our sister circuits have 
recently addressed similar claims. Most recently, the 
Eleventh Circuit considered a due process challenge to 
a conviction under IS U.S.C. § 2250(a) on the basis of 
a lack of notice asserted by a sex offender who moved 
from North Carolina to Alabama, but failed to register 
in Alabama after his move. See United States v. 
Brown. 586 F.3d 1342 (1 I th Cir. 20091. The Court of 
Appeals concluded that "notice of a duty to register 
under state law is sufficient to satisfy the Due Process 
Clause." Id. at 1351. That court thus rejected Brown's 
lack of notice argument because "[Brown] had actual 
knowledge that he had a duty to register in Alabama." 
Id. Moreover, the Eleventh Circuit expressly rejected 
the same argument that Hester asserts here-that a 
conviction under 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a) can be 
challenged as a violation of due process under 
Lambert. Id. at 1351 ("In addition to actual notice, 
there were sufficient circumstances to prompt Brown 
to have inquired upon his duty to register."). 
Accordingly, the Eleventh Circuit reached *92 the 
same conclusion as each of the other circuits to have 
considered this issue-that a due process challenge to a 
conviction under 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a) based upon a 
lack of notice is without merit. See United States v. 
Whaley. 577 F.3d 254. 262 (5th Cir.2009)- United 
States v. Gould. 568 F.3d 459. 468-69 (4th Cir.2009), 
petition for cert. filed (U.S. Sept. 25, 2009) (No. 
09-6742)- United States v. Dixon. 551 F.3d 578. 584 
(7th Cir.2008) cert. granted, Carr v. United States. — 
U.S. 
130 S.Ct. 47, 174 L.Ed.2d 631, 2009 WL 
1095868 (U.S. Sept. 30. 2009) (No. 08.1301); United 
States v. Hinckley. 550 F.3d 926.938 (10th Cir.2008), 
cert. denied, --- U.S. ----. 129 S.Ct. 2383. 173 L.Ed.2d 
1301 (2009); United States v. May, 535 F.3d 912, 921 
(8th Cir.2008), cert. denied, -- U.S. 
129 S.Ct. 
2431. 174 L.Ed.2d 229 (2009). 
The Courts of Appeals for the Eleventh, Fourth, 
Seventh and Tenth Circuits have also addressed 
Hester's second argument (Le., the "impossibility" 
argument). In Brown the Eleventh Circuit rejected 
Brown's argument that SORNA did not apply to him 
because Alabama had not yet implemented it, noting 
that the argument "fails to appreciate the distinction 
between a jurisdiction's duty to implement SORNA 
and a sex offender's duty to register." 586 F.3d 1342 
(citing Gould. 568 F.3d at 4641. That court explained 
that "a jurisdiction's failure to implement SORNA 
results in a loss of federal funds, 'not in an excuse for 
an offender who has failed to register.' " M (quoting 
Hinckley. 550 F.3d at 939). Accordingly, the Eleventh 
Circuit held that "a sex offender is not exempt from 
SORNA's registration requirements merely because 
the jurisdiction in which he is required to register has 
not yet implemented SORNA." Id. at 1349: see Gould 
568 F.3d at 463-66 (SORNA applies to defendant 
even though Maryland had not yet implemented it); 
Dixon, 551 F.3d at 582 (defendant required by 
2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
EFTA00730638
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
589 F.3d 86 
(Cite as: 589 F.3d 86) 
SORNA to register with Indiana despite Indiana's 
failure "to establish any procedures or protocols for 
the collection, maintenance, and dissemination of the 
detailed information required by the Act")- Hinckley. 
550 F.3d at 939 (defendant required to register under 
SORNA even though Oklahoma had not statutorily 
implemented SORNA). The Brown Court concluded 
that "[a]n individual may ... comply with SORNA's 
registration requirements by registering through the 
state's sex offender registry, even if that jurisdiction 
has not implemented SORNA's administrative 
procedures." Brown. 586 F.3d 1342, 1349. Indeed, the 
court noted that "SORNA was not enacted in a 
vacuum. To the contrary, every state and the District 
of Columbia had a sex offender registration law prior 
to 2006." Id. (citing Gould. 568 F.3d at 464). 
al We are persuaded by and adopt the reasoning of 
our sister circuits. That Hester had no actual notice of 
SORNA is not sufficient to render his prosecution 
pursuant to that statute a violation of his due process 
rights. See, e.g. Cheek. 498 U.S. at 199. III S.Ct. 
604. To the extent that the Supreme Court carved out a 
limited exception to the rule that ignorance of the law 
is not a valid defense to its violation, see Lambert. 355 
U.S. 225. 78 S.Ct. 240.2 L.Ed.2d 228 Hestees failure 
to comply with SORNA's registration requirements is 
beyond that exception. In Lambert, the Supreme Court 
stated: 
Registration laws are common and their range is 
wide.... But the present ordinance is entirely 
different. 
Violation 
of 
its 
provisions 
is 
unaccompanied by any activity whatever, mere 
presence in the city being the test. Moreover, 
circumstances which might move one to inquire as 
to the necessity of registration are completely 
lacking. 
*93 Id. at 229. 78 S.Ct. 240. Like our sister circuits, 
we find this last statement-regarding "circumstances 
which might move one to inquire as to the necessity of 
registration"-to be critical. Here, as distinguished from 
Lam ben Hester knew he had to update his registration 
in New York and that he had to register as a sex 
offender in a new state if he moved. Indeed, he 
initialed the specific requirements of the New York 
Sex Offender Registration Form which stated: "You 
must notify [the Division of Criminal Justice Services] 
in writing of any change of home address no later than 
days after you move.... If you move to another 
state, you must register as a sex offender within 10 
days of establishing residence." Moreover, Hester 
complied with these requirements on four separate 
occasions by filing a New York State Sex Offender 
Change of Address Form. Accordingly, Hester's 
reliance on Lambert is misplaced. The fact that Hester 
did not receive notice of SORNA is not sufficient to 
render his prosecution for failure to register as a sex 
offender under 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a) a violation of his 
due process rights. 
L3_1 With respect to Hester's argument that registering 
under SORNA was impossible to accomplish, we also 
agree with our sister circuits and hold that compliance 
with SORNA is not "impossible" in light of the fact 
that the states at issue had a registration program. See 
Brown. 586 F.3d 1342- Gould. 568 F.3d at 464:Dixon 
551 F.3d at 582- Hinckley 550 F.3d at 939. SORNA 
only obligates a sex offender to "register, and keep the 
registration current, in each jurisdiction where the 
offender resides, where the offender is an employee, 
and where the offender is a student." 42 U.S.C. 
16913(a). Here, Hester could have updated his 
registration information in New York and registered in 
Florida, as both states had registration programs in 
effect during the relevant time period. That SORNA 
also requires jurisdictions to update and improve their 
registration programs, and that New York and Florida 
had not yet met those administrative requirements, 
does not excuse Hester's failure to meet the 
registration requirements that SORNA imposes on 
individual sex offenders and to register with the 
programs that did exist. 
For the foregoing reasons, we conclude that Hester's 
prosecution for failure to register as a sex offender 
under 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a) did not violate his due 
process rights. 
III. 
Defendant's 
Commerce 
Clause 
and 
Void-for-Vagueness Claims 
Le 
Hester 
argues 
that 
his 
conviction 
is 
unconstitutional for two additional reasons: (1) 18 
U.S.C. 6 2250(a), and the registration requirements of 
SORNA, 42 U.S.C. 6 16913(a), violate the Commerce 
Clause; 
and (2) I8 
U.S.C. 
§ 
2250(a) 
is 
void-for-vagueness. Because we conclude that Hester 
waived his right to raise new constitutional challenges 
to the indictment, we do not reach these arguments. 
2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
EFTA00730639
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 7 
589 F.3d 86 
(Cite as: 589 F.3d 86) 
As noted, Hester expressly agreed to waive his right to 
appeal his conviction and sentence if he received a 
sentence of 51 months' imprisonment or less, 
reserving only his right to appeal the district court's 
February 7, 2008 order that denied his motion to 
dismiss the indictment.F-1-9 Specifically, the plea 
agreement that he signed on March 21, 2008 states, in 
relevant part: 
FN4. See supra, note I. 
Waiver of Appeal and Collateral Attack 
The 
[d]efendant 
acknowledges 
that, 
after 
consultation with defense counsel, he fully 
understands the extent of his rights to appeal, and/or 
to collaterally attack •94 the convictions and 
sentences in this case.... The defendant reserves the 
right to appeal so much of the Court's Decision and 
Order of February 7, 2008, as denied his motion to 
dismiss the indictment.... Otherwise, the [d]efendant 
waives any and all rights, including those conferred 
by 18 U.S.C. & 3742 and/or 28 U.S.C. & 2255 to 
appeal or collaterally attack his convictions and any 
sentence of imprisonment of 51 months or less.... 
Because Hester received a sentence of less than 51 
months' imprisonment, the requirements underlying 
Hester's appeal waiver obtained. He does not attack 
the agreement nor suggest that his decision to sign it 
was anything other than knowing and voluntary. 
Hester, therefore, is left with only the right he 
reserved to challenge the district court's denial of his 
motion to dismiss the indictment. In that December 
13, 2007 Motion to Dismiss the Indictment, Hester 
did 
not 
raise his Commerce 
Clause and 
void-for-vagueness arguments. Nor, since the 
motion was denied, has Hester made the arguments 
to the district court that he now seeks to advance 
here. Because he has not presented these arguments 
to the district court in the first instance and because 
the appeal waiver narrowly circumscribes what he 
may appeal, to wit, only "so much of the Court's 
Decision ... as denied his motion to dismiss the 
indictment," we deem these latter arguments 
waived. See Joseph v. Leavitt, 465 F.3d 87, 93.94 
(2d Cir.2006) (citing Singleton v. Wulf. 428 U.S. 
106. 120.96 S.Ct. 2868.49 L.Ed.2d 826 (1976) ("It 
is the general rule, of course, that a federal appellate 
court does not consider an issue not passed upon 
below.")); see also United States v. Mono n. 359 
F.3d 110. 119 (2d Cir.2004) (permitting an appeal 
from a defendant " `who has secured the benefits of 
a plea agreement and knowingly and voluntarily 
waived the right to appeal' " would " 'render the 
plea bargaining process and the resulting agreement 
meaningless.' ") (quoting United States 
v. 
Salcido-Contreras. 
990 
F.2d 
51. 
(2d 
Cir.19931).E141
FNS. While we do not reach the issue, we 
note that the courts that have considered the 
Commerce Clause argument have not been 
persuaded. See Whaley. 577 F.3d at 258 & n. 
(cases collected therein). 
CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, we conclude that Hester's 
prosecution for failure to register as a sex offender 
under 18 U.S.C. § 2250(a) did not violate his 
constitutional right to due process. We deem Hester's 
remaining arguments waived pursuant to his plea 
agreement. 
The judgment of the district court is affirmed. 
C.A.2 (N.Y.),2009. 
U.S. v. Hester 
589 F.3d 86 
END OF DOCUMENT 
O 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
EFTA00730640

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730641.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730641.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLENCOKE 
Pig Iron 
Customer Footprin 
i i Ba 
Mg 
Al SI 
P Ga 
EC TI 1/ Cr Nn F. co pdi Cu Ln ba G* 
lat. Sr 
WINGS 
ENTERPRISES, INC • 
ThoPtiodcTableof the Ergret 
He 
.frwyec 
3orcorcLiyforircrincratnehor 
Payamackx 
- 
- 
le [M•loY.< Naua dm 'na ,. 
t
il 
Na 
Ms 
V Yr NI, Mo Te Ru ah Pil Ag Cd In U.1 
Sa ShrIlha 
Ti 
Ca 
' lai Hl Ta W Po Oy te N Au Hg TI Ph Oi Po AI Ro 
H 'Ia Rf Dh So Bh Ha M. .1•••• s.h..“1,••• 
1.19", 
Pm In. Eu Gd Tb Dy Ho Er Tim Vb 
A
c VI Pa LI HpPu Am Ca. Ok Cl EaPo.Mallo 
Specialtv/Chemical Oxides 
Proposed Pig Iron Plant 
EFTA00730641
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLENCOU 
Geography 
Crystal City 
(Wings) 
600 
miles 
Gulf of Mexico 
•
3.000 Miles to 
Brazil 
• 
BOr is wst«, 
A Ir tAr via Warn 
. 
CAT via Rail 
-5,000 miles to 
Sweden 
-6,000+ miles to 
Eastern Europe 
EFTA00730642
--- PAGE 3 ---
Wings Layout 
Beneficiation 
Facility 
Tailings Lake 
Facility 
Phase 
I 
Initial capital raise (miscellaneous uses) 
$40.0 
Pevelopmeni costs • 
II 
Mine development costs 
$180.0 
II 
Iron ore beneficiation facility 
$150.0 
II 
Tailings lake facility 
$150.0 
Total (Gross) 
$520.0 
Tailings monetization (@> 25% disc. rate) 
($215.4) 
Total (Net) 
$304.6 
Represents Wings Operations 
Represents KinderMorgan Operations 
Represents Kobe Steel Operations 
mile pipeline 
Capex Needs $mm 
FXCIlldfli Kobe Steel development 
(1) Pig Iron Facility = $400mm4)700mm 
Fxrludes Kindermrvgart tioveloomeit; 
(2) Port= $600mm 
Tailings 
• 4 MT Fe203 
• 1 MT Fe304 
• 1MT Phos / 
Apatite 
• 600KT Pyrite 
• 75KT REO 
I I 
Mine 
• 150 MT Iron 
Ore Resource 
• 57% Iron Ore 
Grade 
• 4MTPA 
Annual Prod'n 
• 30 Year Mine 
Life 
Pig Iron Facility 
Initial Capital Rake Breakout 
Payoff existing liabilities 
Complete feasability studies 
Misc working capital 
Total 
$20.0 
$7.0 
$13.0
$40.0 
GLENCOU 
-a 
O 
CO 
CO 
CO 
-0 
CD 
-0 
EFTA00730643
--- PAGE 4 ---
Overview of Process 
6mm tonnes iron ore mined (-57% Fe) 
Beneficiation 
4mm tonnes of concentrate (-70% Fe) 
1mm tonnes of OXIDES 
- Specialty oxides (70%-71% Fe) 
- Chemical oxides (71.6% Fe) 
3mm tonnes of IRON ORE 
- -70% Fe 
I 
GLENCO1K 
All sold to Pig 
Iron Partner for 
pig iron 
production 
2mm tonnes of final PIG IRON product 
- -97% Fe, 3% carbon 
(Pig Iron/Wings) 
owns (20%/80%) 
of pig iron 
process 
EFTA00730644
--- PAGE 5 ---
Product Margins and Free Cash Flow Yield Calculations 
Products 
Oxide Margins 
Iron Ore Margins 
Pig iron Margins 
Price ($ftonne) 
Volume (tonnes) 
$250 donne 
0.600 
Price ($0.86:dmtu) 
Volume (tonnes) 
$60 ;tonne 
3.400 
Price ($lonne) 
volume (tonnes) 
$400 ;tonne 
2.244 
Revenue 
Cash cost 
Transportation 
$60 /tonne 
$10 donne 
$150 
$36 
$6 
Revenue 
Cash cost 
Transportation 
$47 /tonne 
$2 /tonne 
$204 
$160 
$7 
Revenue 
Cash cost 
Transportation 
$300 /tonne 
$10 /tonne 
$898 
$673 
$22 
Total cost 
$70 /tonne 
$42 
Total cost 
$49 /tonne 
$167 
Total cost 
$310 /tonne 
$696 
SITDA 
E180 /tonne 
$108 
EBITDA 
$11 /tonne 
$37 
SITDA 
$90 /tonne 
$202 r 
6347 
% margin 
72% 
% margin 
18% 
% margin 
23% 
Wings ownership (100%) 
$108 
Wings ownership (100%) 
S37 
Wings ownership (80%) 
$162 
$307 
Free Cash Flow Yields 
Unlevered FCF Yield % 
Financial Partner Levered FCF Yield % 
Msc start-up costs 
$50 
Financial Partner hvestment 
$150 
Tailings facility 
$150 
Mne development costs 
$180 
Levered FCF (steady state) 
$171 
Benet ication tacily 
$150 
Ownership % 
70% 
Roane 
$70 
Financial Partner FCF 
$119 
Total (Gross) 
$600 
Tailings monetization 
($175) 
yield % 
80% 
Total (Net) 
$425 
Unlevered FCF (LOM average) 
$176 
yield % 
41% 
EFTA00730645
--- PAGE 6 ---
Overview #1: Oxides 
GLENCOU 
• -1mm tonne market in the U.S. 
• There are only two mines globally which contain sufficient Fe content to produce specialty and chemical oxides 
• Historically, the Pea Ridge Mine was the sole supplier of oxides to the U.S. market 
• When Pea Ridge closed in 2001, oxide purchasers were required to switch to the Kiruna Mine in Sweden 
-The distance from most U.S. oxide purchasers to the Kiruna Mine is over 5,000 miles 
• Jim Kennedy can hire Gene Koebbe, the former Quality Control and Customer Representative for Pea Ridge, now working for Reiss 
Viking / Koch as well as someone from Prince and Akers 
5450 
$400 
$350 
$100 
$250 
$200 
$150 
$100 
$50 
• 
Type 
End Market 
Customers 
Price/ton 
Volume 
Revenue 
Specialty wade 
Water treatment 
Kemira. General Chemical $130-$170 
100.000 tons 
$15.0.
. 
___ 
Heavy media 
Akers. Massey 
_ . 
$180-$220 
_ . 
400.000 tons 
_ _ 
$80.0 
Chemical grade 71% 
Pigments 
Prince. Penn Mag 
$230-$350 
200.000 tons 
$58.0 
Chemical grade ++71% 
Brake pads. ceramics 
Misc 
5400-$1.200 
150.000 tons 
$120.0 
$321 
850,000 tons 
$273.0 
Production and Logistical Cost Comparison 
Reiss-Viking (Kiruna Mine in Sweden) vs. Wings Enterprises (Pea Ridge Mine in Missouri) 
70% Fe Speclolty Gude 
Iron Oxides 
71% Ft un.sizad Cnorr. ca2 Grade 
"On OakleS 
3541t:n a um 
$314/v. 
OHM ins 
cog ice mtg. 
Mho' 
Mena 
Iffeleassid 
71.0%Ft Pt t0:1011 nulled 
and Sind °Iowa, Glade 
kanaeldes 
Oxide Margins 
Price ($11onne) 
Volume (tonnes) 
Revenue 
S250 lonne 
0.600 
$150 
Cash cost 
$60 /tonne 
$36 
Transportation 
$10 'tonne 
$6 
Total cost 
$70 /tonne 
$42 
EBITDA 
5180 /tonne 
$108 
% margin 
72% 
EFTA00730646
--- PAGE 7 ---
Overview #2: Iron Ore 
GLENCOU 
• The ideal strategy is to lock in 3mm tons of iron ore sales to our pig iron partner 
-The vast majority of iron ore is concentrated in the Mesabi region of the U.S. and is owned by vertically integrated BOF steel producers 
- Cleveland Cliffs is the only major merchant iron ore producers in the U.S. 
- The market is very tight with few imports/exports 
- Merchant sales of iron is a suboptimal strategy 
- Wings' cash cost is competitive, but it would be reliant on robust steel production such that BOFs possess insufficient capacity 
Iron Ore Cost and Margin Comparison 
Average 65% Fe North American Steel Grade Iron Ore vs. 70% Fe Wings Special Grade Iron Ore 
Production Cost per Ton Finished Ton 
Wings 
Production 
Cost/Ton 
S zo 
Hoisted Cost Per Ton 
$22.45 x 6mm tpy 
$33.40 
70°A Fe Concentrate 
$11.50 x 4mm tpy 
$11.50 
Pipeline to River 
$2.10 x 4mm tpy 
$2.10 
Stan 
Fully Diluted Worst Case Production Cost° 
$47.00 
S too 
WingartOretka 
craft 
Cleveland Cliffs 
Cash Operating Expenses 
$1.499 
Oi
S18.5/ton 
Tonnes (mmj 
22.7 
SW 
Cash Cost (Mona) 
$66.04 
(22%) 
toff margin 
SWUM 
(18%) 
gloss romp. 
Iron Ore Margins 
Soo 
Price ($0.66/dirtu) 
$60 :Yonne 
SWAM 
S91 Roo 
martio Moo 
Volume (tonnes) 
3.400 
S'o 
Market Price 
65%Fle MM 
gaol We 
$66/ton 
roma 
prodtxtion 
Con 
70%f de 
SOne. 
Revenue 
$204 
Cash cost 
5471tonne 
$160 
wing ere 
$20 
Vitt t 
Clit
rAft 
Transportation 
$2 :Yonne 
$7 
Total cost 
$49 itonne 
$167 
SO 
EBITDA 
$11 /tonne 
$37 
Onent Noah Aintica,
AVMS.% 
Wimp Preforms 
% margin 
18% 
Wings ownership 100% 
$37 
I Includes dewatering cost at River Site 
Wings 70% magnetite concentrate. If one assuming a $1.32dmtu. then Wings' product would earn $1.32 x 5= -$6.5arton more than Cleveland Cliffs 
EFTA00730647
--- PAGE 8 ---
GLENCOR 
Overview #3: Pig Iron 
• Market Overview: 
-The U.S. imports 4-10mm tons of pig iron annually from Brazil (70% of imports) and Eastern Europe (20%) 
• 3 types of pig iron: 
End Market 
Ingredients 
Basic 
EAF steel production & iron castings 
<1.5% Silicon. 0.5.1.0% M2. <0.12% Phos 
Foundry grade 
Grey iron castings 
godurar— 
iron castings 
Z.55.% 
alnPhos 
<1.5%-3.5% Silicon, 0.5-1.0% Mg, <0.12% Phos 
i▪ t Wings will produce foundry grade (15-20% premium) 
• Pricing: 
- Pricing is a function of scrap price and capacity utilization in steel mills (i.e.- it scrap price I or utilization t then pig iron price I) 
- Kobe Steel estimates the long-term price of pig iron to be $400/ton 
- Brazilian pig iron cash costs are about $500/ton FOB 
- When pig iron prices last hit $250/ton, 80% of Brazilian capacity was curtailed 
•Strategy: 
- Wings has close geographic proximity to 27 EAFs in the region 
Pig Iron Margins 
Price ($itonne) 
$400 "tonne 
volume (tonnes) 
2.244 
Revenue 
$898 
Cash cost 
$300 /tonne 
$673 
Transportation 
$10 donne 
$22 
Taal cost 
$310 donne 
$696 
EBITDA 
S90 Ronne 
$202 
% margin 
23% 
EFTA00730648
--- PAGE 9 ---
Overview #3: Pig Iron 
Pig Iron Cost Comparison (Wings vs. Brazil) 
Wings 
Brazil 
Consumption 
Unit 
Unit 
Cost/ton 
CosVton 
per ton 
Amount 
Cost 
Nuggets 
Nuggets 
Iron oxide (I) 
1.5 
$47 
$71 
$208 
Coal (0 
0.5 
$325 
$163 
$163 
Natural gas (GJoules) 
5.0 
$4.00 
$20 
$33 
Other ($) 
$64 
$45 
Subtotal 
$317 
$449 
Logistics Brazil 
C
$32 
Ocean Freight 
C
$20 
Logistics USA 
$10 
$13 
Total 
$327 
$514 
Yield increasetost Decrease 
10% 
0% 
Total Cost ($Iron) 
$294 
$514 I 
75% greater 
Foundry grade premium 
($50) 
Total Cost (Snon) • w. foundry prem. 
$244 
$514 
110% greater 
Wings will produce a 4.70% Fe. increasing yields by 10% or more. 
GLENCOU 
EFTA00730649
--- PAGE 10 ---
GLENCOR 
Overview #3: Pig Iron (Cont'd) 
• Existing project: Mesabi Nugget Project — Steel Dynamics and Kobe Steel 
• Currently producing 500.000 tons and plans to increase production (all for Steel Dynamics internal consumption) 
• Start-up capex per unit $200mm-$250mm 
• Kobe Steel also has a project in Vietnam producing 2mm tons per year with 3 units 
• Kobe would arrange financing for 70%-80% of the pig iron facility 
•There are currently no merchant pig iron producers in the United States 
- Almost all domestic iron ore is controlled by vertically integrated BOFs who do not to supply their EAF competitors with supplies 
- Pig iron production has historically been a very pollutive and energy intensive endeavor 
- EAFs historically purchased pig iron from Brazil which lacked environmental regulations and access to cheap charcoal/coke 
- Coal currently sells for $325/ton 
- Pig iron production normally requires 0.5-0.6 tons of charcoal/ coke for each ton of iron ore 
• Wings' pig iron technology 
- Kobe system is attractive because it requires half the levels of charcoal/coke 
- Wing's technology reduces emissions by 40% and energy use by 30% 
-We can use Kobe Steel's ITkm3 technology to produce pig iron with a cost/ton of $300/ton 
- Jim Kennedy prefers to use Omnisource's technology with a cost/ton of $200-$280/ton 
EFTA00730650
--- PAGE 11 ---
Historical Pricing 
BRAZIL MPI PRICE DEVELOPMENT 
5100) 
5403 
PO) 
5603 
5103 
$4,3 
5303 
5203 
5103 
So 
No •I 
MO,
...in•enfolern/31104111001310•1 
-11310.01101,101emilliell 
1110 
1111111 ~1miiillllllll 
NIADUANMPIPRKU 
Current value: 
00010n FOB 
MP 
MN 
IMP 
Mel 
h•IN 
Mo, 
NINI 
rn le 
Iron ore prices (5/metric ton based on 64% iron content) 
GLENCO1< 
SCRAP-MPI PRICE DEVELOPMENT 
5c. Oc 
INK 
SIM 
WO< 
Ism 
550C 
51m 
'MC 
slm 
5: 
1.•••01 Area: 1•• l7 On 0) /N•011 Apt Ot 
: 
Current value: -$125/ton CFR 
($ price and 96 change) 
175 
150 
125 
100 • 
7536 
SO • 
• 
Lump 
year average = $71/ton = $1.10dm 
87%  A 
Source: Otis and vanous industry pu bbCatiOnSfrepOrtS 
DMTU: $0.47 
$0.55 $0.63 
$1.25 
$1.17 $1.25 $2.20 
$1.14 
$1.95 
EFTA00730651
--- PAGE 12 ---
Pig Iron Data 
USA Ore Based Metallics Imports - Tonnes 
10:0.000 
4003000 
0:30000 
1.10$000 
3=000 
1500.000 
1.0.0.003 
1X0$000 
100000 
Min 
UMW 
131.014 
1,161.461 
1.401.154 
2003 31P1 
29:19 IAN 
1003 001 
I0091101 
• SOMA 
• TAMA! 
IP Veit nab 
• Uttar* 
• Mime 
• GYM 
2008 DRI/HBI Production 
Mellon Metric Tons 
-
-
- 
I 
2008 World DRI/HBI 
production: 68.5 mt 
Diamond = 
HSI countries 
iDnfor=— 
it
iHi
i
i
i1
I 
$* 1 
a 
Dots scurvy lAldre• Technologies l NOM 
GLENCOKE 
$100 
$SCO 
5400 
$100 
$200 
$103 
so 
MPI - VALUE CHAIN 
0,01000 PAN 1Y0k31 value chain 
tWOUL. $35 
ganef !ma WM. 
US 
CurcOak $195 
MPI COST STRUCTURE 
Raw Materials 
Iron ore ("1600 kg / 1000 kg pig iron) 
Coke or charcoal (500600 kg or 2.5-3.0mt / 1000 kg pig iron] 
Fluxes, etc. 
•Production 
• Smelting • metal treatment + casting 
+Logistics 
• Delivery to FOB lbente/rail/terminal, etc.) 
• Ocean Freight 
• Delivery to customer Iclischarge/barip/rael/truck/stockyard, etc.) 
❖Financing 
+Trader/distributor margin 
EFTA00730652
--- PAGE 13 ---
Rare Earth Metals 
GLENCOU 
• Pea Ridge possesses the highest value of heavy rare earth elements of any permitted mine globally 
• The Pea Ridge deposit is classified as a "Strategic and Critical- asset by the USGS 
• Producing 20,000tpy of rare earth concentrates could possibly be more valuable than the 4mm tonnes of iron ore concentrates 
• Much of Wings rare earth ore production will be at no cost, as it is a byproduct of the normal beneficiation process for the iron ore 
• China controls '-97% of total rare earth supply 
• Global demand expected to grow to190-210kt REO per year by 2014, representing a +10% CAGR over 2008 levels (124kt) 
• China expected to supply only 160 -170kt per year by 2014 
-The numbers above suggest a minimum shortfall of 30kt annually. GMP notes that the shortage could be as high as 50kt annually 
-Global availability of REOs will depend to a large extent on China's export policies. Further restrictions will increase the planned shortfall. 
• The lower value REE from the mine could sell for $11/kilo ($11,000/ton) — volume would be -5,000 tpy 
• The higher value REE from the breccia pipes could sell for $18/kilo ($18,000/ton) - volume would be -10,000 tpy 
Pea Ridge has the highest value Heavy Rare Earths Distribution of any 
Permitted mine in the World 
100 
aS 
6S 
Relative REO Distribution of Lanthanides 
Pea Ridge vs. Other Deposits 
se UGY geftd, Pr. Oy •GSA 
Mt Pass 
0rotou 
MI Weld 
Nol•nt 
Pea 0.46. 
13%.• SOW 
21%- Nd.. Pr., Dy. 
66%- Ce. + La. 
SEGY = Heaviest and Most Valuable (Samarium. Europium. Gadolinium. Yttrium. and Terbrum) 
Nd. Pr. Dy = The kiddie REO Values (Neodymium. Praseodymium and Dysprosium) 
Ce • La • The Light abundant and lowest value (Cerium and Lanthanum) 
19,,000 
30,,000 
( 
) 
• Inc 
Inc 
so.= 
Rare Earths Suppty IS Demand 
2008 
2108E 
1010E 
2011E 
2017E 
2013E 
2314E 
Ctela Se* 
oft0INS.pm 
—Cara Cenrd 
GOA Derund 
EFTA00730653
--- PAGE 14 ---
GLENCOR 
Investment Merits 
• One of the two highest quality magnetite reserves mines in the world (57% Fe ore and 70% Fe concentrate) 
- Capable of serving the specialty and chemical oxides markets (+$250/ton price) and foundry grade pig iron (15-20% premium to basic) 
• Low cost producer at $47/ton 
- Iron ore: $47/ton fully diluted cost vs. $65-$75/ton for the industry' 
• $40/ton 'apples to apples- cost comparison with 65% Fe producers and '-$28/ton if byproduct production is included2
- Oxides: Kiruna Mine (Sweden) has 4x higher cost structure excluding transportation cost of -$50/ton 
- Pig iron: Cost basis (FOB) could be the lowest globally - $300/ton potential + $10/ton transportation = $310/ton 
• Logistical advantage 
- Pig iron — Wings can function as the only U.S. merchant pig iron producer servicing a 500 mile circumference primarily by barge 
• 4-10mm tons demand currently serviced by Brazil (+3,000 miles from Nola) and Eastern Europe (+6,000 miles from Nola) 
- Oxides— Specialty/chemical oxide producers currently source product from the Kiruna Mine in Sweden (+5,000 miles) 
• Upside Potential From Other Assets 
• Byproducts (cob rock, phosphorous, and REM) could generate north of $2,000mm LOM 
(1) 
$65-$70/ton operating cost for Cleveland Cliffs and $75tIon-for NA: Australia estimated at $4Mon: China can range from $40,ton-$80ff on 
(2) 
$40/ton effective cost = f$47.00 $1.32 x (70%-65%)]; Byproducts could reduce cost/ton by another $10-$14/ton 
EFTA00730654
--- PAGE 15 ---
GLENCOlk 
Financial Model 
EFTA00730655
--- PAGE 16 ---
Liquidation Analysis 
ASSET LIQUIDATION VALUATION SUMMARY 
Mcnt; 
Under Ground Iron Ore Deposit.
150mm tons of proven reserves 
105mm tons of finished iron ore 
Full Feasability Sale Value 
S
$120mm 
= 3x reserves = $450mm - $330mm startup costs 
It would cost over $150mm to discover and "prove out" 
a green field ore body of similar size today (no 
permits or infrastructure included) 
Existing Operations: 
Residual from 38 yrs of running the mill 
This is finished inventory: Sold as off spec oxides 
[330kT x (1-31% loss)] x ($120/ton - $18/ton) = $24mm 
$20mm 
330.000 tons at surface of mine 
Tailings Lake Reserve • 
(1) Rare Earth: REE willing to pay $25mm for 25% of the 
$240mm 
rare earths = $100mm value 
(2) Hematite - 4MT x $77/ton (price) - $15.1ton (transport) 
- $18/ton (processing) = $175mm 
(3) Maanetite - 1MT x 31% loss = 700kT x $200/ton (price) 
-$151ton (transport)-$18/ton (processing) = $115mm 
MINUS $150mm cost for tailings lake facility 
River Property/Port 
Jefferson County has approved $21mm of Industrial 
Revenue Bonds for other real estate properties. 
Wings would own 2.5 miles of therfront 
properties. Am believes the value is: $50-100mm 
S10mm 
Total 
$390mm 
Value Not Included 
(1) Capex funded by Bethlehem Steel from the 1950s-2001 (invested $75mm into the mine in 1950s alone) 
(2) Two major rail lines (BNSF and Union Pacific) intersecting on the property 
(3) Two shafts in the mine which go down 2.500 feet 
(4) 5 miles of underground roads 
(5) 30MW of electrical service onsite 
GLENCO1< 
EFTA00730656
--- PAGE 17 ---
(a) 
(b) 
(a) 
(b) 
Sources & Uses 
Debt: pipeline 
Debt: nine development & f acilities 
Taillings Monetization 
Financial Partner - Correnn Equity 
SOURCES ($mm) 
Lain 
$70 
$240 
$215 
$150 
la 
10% 
36% 
32% 
22% 
gat 
4.0% 
8.0% 
NA 
NA 
TOTAL 
$675 
100% 
Equity Ownership 
Existinq 
Post Deal 
Jim KennedyNna Abboud 
Glencore 
Financial Partner 
30% 
70% 
- 
30% 
30% 
40% 
TOTAL 
100% 
100% 
Debt: Mine Development and Facilities 
Asset Amt 
%Debt 
Debt Arnt 
Tailings lacility 
$150.0 
50% 
Mine development costs 
$180.0 
50% 
Benelication facility 
$150.0 
50% 
$75.0 
$90.0 
$75.0 
$480.0 
$240.0 
Tailings Monetization 
Rthenue 
EBIMA 
$850.0 
$400.0 
NPV 631. 24.9% 
$215.4 
Phase I 
Phase 
Phase!!
Phase II 
Phase!! 
Phase II 
GLENCOU 
USES Sin m 
$amt 
Msc start-up costs 
$40 
6% 
Iron ore development costs 
Nine dev. costs (start up) 
$180 
27% 
Iron ore beneficiation facity 
$150 
22% 
Taings Lake lack/ 
$150 
22% 
Pipeful system w . dew ater 
$70 
10% 
Cash on balance sheet 
$85 
13% 
Dividend 
TOTAL 
$675 
100% 
Year 1 
Year 2 
Year 3 
Year 4 
Year 5 
Total 
170.0 
170.0 
170.0 
170.0 
170.0 
850.0 
80.0 
80.0 
80.0 
80.0 
80.0 
400.0 
EFTA00730657
--- PAGE 18 ---
Assumptions 
Cumuluati% Over 5 yrs 
Iron ore tailings monetization INCLUDED in the Model 
Revenue 
EBIIDA 
1) Hematite - 4.8MT x 31% loss = 3,360kt x $120/ton (price) - $15/ton (transport) - $18/ton (process 
$403.2 
$292.3 
2) Magnetite - 1MT x 31% loss = 700kT x $200/ton (price) -$15/ton (transport)-$18/ton (processing) 
1412-4 
11E.2 
543.2 
409.2 
Phosphorous and rare earth tailings EXCLUDED from Model 
1) Phosohnrmic - 1MT x $100/ton (price) - $15/ton (transport)-$18/ton (processing) 
100.0 
67.0 
2) REM - 75KT x $10/kilo (price) x 1000 kilos/ton -$15/ton (transport)-$18/ton (processing) 
750.0 
746.0 
$850.0 
$813.0 
Cumulative 
▪ All non-tailings byproducts EXCLUDED from the Model 
1) Cob Rock - 1MT/yr x $14/ton (price) = $14mm/yr x 30 years 
2) Phosphorous - 300KT/yr (for 5 yrs) and 50kT/yr (for 25 yrs) x $100/ton 
3) REM - 144KT x $10/kilo (price) x 1000 kilos/ton 
▪ Pricing 
- Iron ore: $1.10/dmtu (model) vs. $1.95 $/dmtu current value' 
- Pig imn:$400/ton (model) vs. $500/ton current value 
- Specialty and chemical oxides: $250/ton (model) vs. $320/ton (guidance) 
- Low end oxides sell for $140/ton: Heavy: $220/ton: Specialty: +$700/ton 
- Pricing groat!): 0% 
Opex 
- Iron ore: $47/ton (model) vs. $47/ton guidance 
- Pio Iron: $300/ton (model) vs. $280/ton guidance 
- Oxides: $60/ton (model) vs. $47/ton guidance 
.'-Transportation cost 
- Iron ore: $2/ton 
- Pig Iron: $10/ton 
- Oxides: $10/ton 
'..-Tax rate of 35% vs. 23% guidance 
I) Implies $0.86 for every 1% of Fe. Wings' iron ore contains -70% Fe which equals a price of $0.86 x 70 = $60.00/ton 
over 30 yrs 
EBITDA 
$420.0 
275.0 
1.440.0 
$2,135.0 
GLENCOU 
EFTA00730658
--- PAGE 19 ---
EBITDA Build 
GLENCOU 
EBITDA BUILD UP 
Year 
-4 
-3 
-2 
Specialty/Chemical Oxides 8. Iron Ore 
2006 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2016 
2010 
Production (mm tones) 
Crude Ore 
c- 6rnm fon capacity 
1.752 
5.025 
5.500 
6.000 
6.000 
6.030 
6.030 
6.000 
Flotation Concentrate Weight Yield @ % 
69.0 <-- % of code ore that becomes saleable volume 
1.209 
3.467 
3.795 
4.140 
4.140 
4.140 
4.140 
4.140 
Revenue 
ore.ktity thanlrol Addax 
Vottsne (tones) 
0.600 <- U.S. market size - !mm tones 
0.600 
0.603 
0.600 
0.600 
0.600 
0.600 
0.603 
0.600 
Pnce (Stone) 
$250.00 <- Low end: $140: Heavy: $220: Specialty: $700. 
$250.00 
$250.00 
$250.00 
$250.00 
$250.00 
$250.00 
$250.00 
$250.00 
Revenue Specialty/Chemical Oxides 
150.0 
(50.0 
150.0 
150.0 
150.0 
150.0 
(50.0 
150.0 
kin fa 
Volume available alter oxide sales 
0.609 
2.867 
3.195 
3.540 
3.540 
3.540 
3.540 
3.540 
Iron Om Fine;Pig Iron Grade. % Fe 
Fines Concentrate feed. Um ei Sfdrntu 
70.0 <- Avg% Fe grade 
$0.86' <- Omen, value is $1.95 
Price (Stone) 
$60.00 
$60.00 
$60.00 
$60.00 
$60.00 
$60.00 
$60.00 
$60.00 
$60.00 
$60.00 
Revenue (Iron Ore) 
36.5 
1720 
f9f.7 
2(2.4 
212.4 
2124 
2124 
212.4 
Revenue (Existing Operations)' 
4.4 
4.4 
4.4 
4.4 
3.2 
Revenue (Total) 
4.4 
190.9 
326.4 
346.1 
365.6 
362.4 
362.4 
362.4 
362.4 
Operating Cots 
Specialty/Chemical Oxides 
$60.00 <-- A4a)ontyai $47non. Chemical can be 20-30% high 
36.0 
36.0 
36.0 
36.0 
36.0 
36.0 
36.0 
36.0 
Iron ore (70% Fe) 
$47.00 Fully °fluted *a.Y in-: embeds $6.lon of mine develops 
28.6 
134.8 
150.2 
166.4 
166.4 
166.4 
166.4 
166.4 
Total Operating Cast 
64.6 
1'70.8 
(86.2 
202.4 
202.4 
202.4 
2024 
202.4 
Transportation Cost (oxides) 
$10.00 
6.0 
6.0 
6.0 
6.0 
6.0 
6.0 
6.0 
6.0 
Transportation Cost ((otron ore) 
bits= 
$2.00 
1.2 
5.7 
6.4 
7.1 
7.I 
7.f 
7.f 
7.1 
Fully loaded operating cost 
c- Eftecuve 'MC cast 
$53.45 
$49.25 
$49.06 
$48.88 
$48.88 
$48.88 
$48.88 
$48.88 
EBITDA 
4.4 
119.1 
I43.9 
147.6 
150.1 
146.9 
1469 
(46.9 
1469 
man ,: 
Concentrate available alter oxide sales 
0.609 
2.867 
3.195 
3.540 
3.540 
3.540 
3.540 
3.540 
Pig iron volume 
66.7% <-. f .5mm tons concentrate makes lmm tan pig Ira 
0.406 
1.912 
2.130 
2.360 
2.360 
2.360 
2.360 
2.360 
Price ($350/tome • $sOttome premium) 
$400.00' <-- Current value is $500 FOB . $30 transport from 8 
$400.00 
$400.00 
$400.00 
$400.00 
8400.00 
$400.00 
$400.00 
$400.00 
Revenue Pig Ion 
c-- Earns an extra 15-20% to (pondy grade quality 
162.4 
764.6 
852.0 
944.0 
944.0 
944.0 
944.0 
944.0 
Operating Cots 
Pig ton Costs 
$300.00 <-- Brazil - $50Ctilon; Kobe System - $309Ton; own 
121.8 
573.5 
639.0 
708.0 
708.0 
708.0 
708.0 
708.0 
Total Operating Cast 
12/.8 
573.5 
639.0 
708.0 
708.0 
708.0 
708.0 
708.0 
Trans pan anon Cost (peg iron) 
$10.00 c--Same cost 
4. I 
19.1 
21.3 
23.6 
23.6 
216 
216 
23.6 
Pig Iron EBITDA 
36.5 
172.0 
191.7 
2124 
2124 
212.4 
212.4 
212.4 
Kobe Steel ownership (20%) 
7.3 
34.4 
38.3 
42.5 
42.5 
42.5 
42.5 
42.5 
Wings ownership (80%) 
29.2 
137.6 
153.4 
169.9 
169.9 
169.9 
169.9 
10'9 
Existing operations consists of a minimum of 330.000 tons 010(0 sitting at the surface of the mine: this volume is the result of spillage over the 38 years from when the mine was in production 
Math on existing operations: $120/ton $30/ton costs x 330.000 tons x (1.30% loss) = $21 inventory EBITDA over 5 years 
EFTA00730659
--- PAGE 20 ---
Consolidated Financials 
G L E NCOKE 
Case #2: Pig Iron & Oxides - Byproducts ( 
-2 
-1 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Memo: 
Revenue 
320.8 
938.1 
1.027.7 
1.120.8 
1.117.6 
1.117.6 
1.117.6 
1.117.6 
1.117.6 
1.117.6 
Operating Costs 
172.5 
656.5 
726.8 
800.7 
800.7 
800.7 
800.7 
800.7 
800.7 
800.7 
EBITDA - Mine 
0.0 
4.4 
148.3 
281.6 
300.9 
320.0 
316.9 
316.9 
316.9 
316.9 
316.9 
316.9 
. EBITDA - Tailings 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
- Depreciation 8 Amortization 
0.0 
100.0 
101.9 
107.3 
113.3 
119.9 
126.4 
32.9 
37.6 
38.6 
39.1 
39.1 
EB1T 
0.0 
(95.6) 
48.5 
174.2 
187.6 
200.1 
190.5 
283.9 
279.3 
278.2 
277.7 
277.7 
1.0% Interest income 
0.4 
0.4 
0.4 
0.4 
0.4 
0.4 
0.4 
0.4 
0.4 
0.4 
0.4 
8.0% Interpol Expense - Project Financing 
19.2 
14.4 
4.8 
- 
- 
-
4.0% Interpol Expense - Pipeline 
2.8 
2.8 
1.4 
- 
- 
-
Profit before tax 
(117.1) 
29.7 
168.5 
188.0 
200.6 
190.9 
284.4 
279.7 
278.7 
278.2 
278.2 
NOLs 
1171 
87.4 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
Taxable income 
- 
81.1 
188.0 
200.6 
190.9 
284.4 
279.7 
278.7 
276.2 
278.2 
Taxes 
35.0% 
- 
28.4 
65.8 
70.2 
66.8 
99.5 
97.9 
97.5 
97.4 
97.4 
Net income 
(117.1) 
29.7 
140.1 
122.2 
130.4 
124.1 
184.9 
181.8 
181.2 
180.8 
180.8 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
Net income 
(117.1) 
29.7 
140.1 
122.2 
130.4 
124.1 
184.9 
181.8 
181.2 
180.8 
180.8 
Depreciation 8 Amortization 
100.0 
101.9 
107.3 
113.3 
119.9 
126.4 
32.9 
37.6 
38.6 
39.1 
39.1 
A Waking Ca lel 
Operating Cash Flow 
(17A) 
131.6 
247.5 
235.6 
250.3 
250.5 
217.8 
219.4 
219.8 
219.9 
219.9 
lExpandonary Capital Expenditures 
Cumulative 
Pig Iron Plant Construction 
Tailings Lake Facility 
(150.0) 
(150.0) 
Beneficiation Plant 
(150.0) 
(150.0) 
Mine Development Costs 
(180.0) 
(180.0) 
Pipeline 
(70.0) 
(70.0) 
Misr: Start-Up Costs 
(50.0) 
(50.0) 
Expansionary Capin 
(600.0) 
(600.0) 
3.5% Maintenance Capex 
(979.8) 
(11.2) 
(32.8) 
(36.0) 
(39.2) 
(39.1) 
(39.1) 
(39.1) 
(39.1) 
(39.1) 
(39.1) 
Cash Flow from Inwstirg 
(1.579.8) 
(600.0) 
(11.2) 
(32.8) 
(36.0) 
(39.2) 
(39.1) 
(39.1) 
(39.1) 
(39.1) 
(39.1) 
(39.1) 
Cash Flow Available or Debt Paydown 
120.4 
214.6 
199.6 
211.0 
211.4 
178.7 
180.3 
180.6 
180.8 
180.8 
Minmetals debt payoff 
(14.0) 
bdustrial revenue bond paydown 
(120.4) 
(119.6) 
Pig Iron debt paydown 
Pipeline debt paydown 
(70.0) 
Cash Flow from Financing 
(14.0) 
(120.4) 
(189.6) 
Cash Flow Available for Dividends 
25.0 
199.8 
211.0 
211.4 
178.7 
180.3 
180.6 
180.8 
180.8 
EFTA00730660
--- PAGE 21 ---
IRR Analysis 
Qffidefrit 
Jim KemedyiNine Abboud 
Glamor° 
Financial Penner 
30.0% 
30.0% 
40.0% 
• 1 
GLENCOKE 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
L5 
7.5 
10.0 
59.9 
59.9 
79.8 
63.3 
63.3 
84.4 
63.4 
63.4 
84.5 
53.6 
53.6 
71.5 
5t.1 
54.1 
72.1 
54.2 
54.2 
72.3 
54.2 
54.2 
72.3 
512 
54.2 
723 
Tots 
1t» 0,, 
25.0 
199.6 
211.0 
211.4 
178.7 
180.3 
180.6 
180.8 
180.8 
Escrease,(Oecrease) in Cash on B'S 
(631.1) 
RETURNS ANALYSIS - FINANCIAL PARTIER 
Imestmeni 
(150.0) 
Dardends from operations - (40% equity stake) 
10.0 
79.8 
84.4 
84.5 
71.5 
72.1 
72.3 
72.3 
72.3 
Total 
(150.0) 
10.0 
79.8 
84.4 
84.5 
71.5 
72.1 
72.3 
72.3 
72.3 
IRR (held for LOM) 
28.4% 
MOIC 
10.8x 
Le‘ered FCF - Taal 
(17.1) 
120.4 
214.6 
199.6 
211.0 
211.4 
176.7 
180.3 
190.6 
180.8 
180.8 
Leered FCF Financial Penner (40% equdy) 
1150.0j 
(6.9) 
48.1 
85.9 
79.8 
81.4 
84.5 
71.5 
72.1 
72.3 
72.3 
72.3 
Yield % 
(4.6%) 
321% 
57.2% 
53.2% 
56.3% 
58.4% 
47.6% 
48.1% 
48.2% 
48.2% 
48.2.4 
Assume Sale of Asset in 2015 (Year 5): 
EBITDA in 2016 
5317 
Mahal.) 
5.08 
Enterprise Value 
1.584 
- Debt 
Cash 
&pity Value 
1.629 
Finacial Penner Ownership (40%) 
asI 
IRR (Sale In Year 5) 
34.1%J 
RETURNS ANALYSIS - FULL PROJECT 
Unlegmed FCF 
(460.0) 
37.9.
120.8 
187.8 
199.3 
210.7 
211.1 
178.4 
180.0 
180.4 
180.5 
180.5 
Yield% 
32% 
26.3% 
40.8% 
43.3% 
4S8% 
45.9% 
3a" 
39.1% 
39.2% 
39.2% 
39.2% 
IRR 
31.1%1 
NPV 
0% 
12,130 
NPV 4)10% 
$715 
NPV WO% 
3215 
NPV WO% 
EFTA00730661
--- PAGE 22 ---
Balance Sheet and Operating Stats 
GLENCOU 
-1 
BALANCE SHEET 
Assets 
Latestil 
t/- 
125/611Bagi 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2018 
2017 
2018 
2019 
Current Assets: 
Cash 
0.0 
675.4 
675.4 
44.3 
44.3 
44.3 
44.3 
44.3 
44.3 
44.3 
44.3 
44.3 
.ler 
__QA 
0.9 
0.9 
0.9 
0.9 
0.9 
0.9 
0.9 
0.9 
0.9 
0.9 
Subtotal 
1.0 
676.4 
45.2 
45.2 
45.2 
45.2 
45.2 
45.2 
45.2 
45.2 
45.2 
Gross PP8E 
4.4 
4.4 
604.4 
615.6 
648.4 
684.4 
723.6 
762.7 
801.9 
841.0 
880.1 
Acc. Depr. 
(0.7) 
(0.7) 
(100.71 
(
k02. 
(309.9) 
(423.31 
(643.2) 
(669.6) 
(7025) 
(740.0) 
(778.6) 
Net PP&E 
3.6 
3.6 
503.6 
413.0 
338.5 
261.1 
180.5 
93.2 
99.4 
100.9 
101.5 
Total 
4.6 
675.4 
680.0 
508.9 
458.2 
383.7 
306.3 
225.7 
138.4 
144.6 
106.2 
146.7 
l iabilities X. Fixity 
Curren1 Liabilties 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
Debt 
Existing Debt 
14.0 
10.0 
Debt: pteine 
- 
70.0 
70.0 
70.0 
70.0 
Debt: mire developmen1 8 taciities 
- 
210.0 
210.0 
240.0 
119.6 
Debt: Pig Iron Facility 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
14.0 
321.0 
310.0 
189.6 
Existing Common Stock 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
Glencore . Equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial Penner- Equity 
- 
150.0 
150.0 
150.0 
160.0 
160.0 
150.0 
150.0 
150.0 
150.0 
150.0 
160.0 
Retained Earnings 
(10.51 
215.4 
204.9 
87.7 
117.4 
232.6 
155.2 
74.6 
(12.7) 
(6.5) 
15.01 
(4.51 
Subtotal 
(10.4) 
355.0 
237.8 
267.5 
382.7 
3C6.3 
224.7 
137.4 
1416 
145.1 
145.6 
Total 
4.6 
675.4 
680.0 
548.9 
468.2 
383.7 
306.3 
226.7 
138.4 
144.6 
146.2 
146.7 
Check 
OK 
OK 
OK 
OK 
OK 
OK 
OK 
OK 
OK 
OK 
OK 
OK 
OPERATING & FINANCIAL METRICS 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
Raceme (womb % 
192.4% 
9.5% 
9.1% 
10.3%) 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Opex margin 
53.8% 
70.0% 
70.7% 
71.4% 
71.6% 
71.6% 
71.6% 
71.6% 
EBITDA margin 
46.2% 
30.0% 
29.3% 
28.6% 
28.0% 
28.4% 
28.4% 
28.4% 
EBIF margin 
14.6% 
18.6% 
18.3% 
17.9% 
17.0% 
25.4% 
25.0% 
24.9% 
Net income margin 
9.3% 
14.9% 
11.9% 
11.6% 
11.1% 
16.5% 
16.3% 
16.2% 
Capex as 14 of sales 
(3.5%) 
(3.5%) 
(3.5%) 
(3.5%) 
(3.5%) 
(3.5%) 
(3.5%) 
(3.5%) 
DebtfEBI1DA 
70.3x 
1.3x 
0.0x 
0.0x 
0.Ox 
0.0x 
0.Ox 
0.0x 
0.Ox 
EBI1DAiinterest 
0.2x 
10.3x 
58.8x 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
EFTA00730662
--- PAGE 23 ---
Sensitivities 
Sale in Year 5 - Exit at 5x 2016 EBITDA 
Sensitivities at: $47 Iron Ore Cost / $300 Pig Iron Cost 
IRR Sensitized to PIG IRON PRICE and OXIDE PRICE 
Oxide Price ($/tonne) 
OC
a." ec 
$300 
$350 
$400 
$450 
$500 
$550 
150 
29% 
37% 
43% 
49% 
$200 
$250 
$300 
$350 
$400 
21% 
25% 
22% 
25% 
28% 
31% 
34% 
32% 
34% 
37% 
39% 
41% 
39% 
41% 
43% 
45% 
47% 
45% 
47% 
49% 
50% 
52% 
50% 
52% 
53% 
55% 
56% 
GLENCOU 
EFTA00730663
--- PAGE 24 ---
GLENCOU 
Appendix 
EFTA00730664
--- PAGE 25 ---
U.S. Steel Supply/Demand (MT) 
GLENCO1< 
132 
110 
Net imports as 
a%ef 
17% 
12% 
19% 
11% 
9% 
10% 
976 
ION 
10% 
11% 
11% 
11% 
consumption 
119 
709 
135 
122 
108 
•Productim • Consume= 
110 
101 
nn 
so 
suraptIo rt
Gt
s con
s• 
4%
'09 
4-  
112 
011 
114 
104 
100 
104 
117 
114 
104 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2006 
2009 
20110E 
2011E 
2012E 
2015E 
2014E 
2015E 
Source. Metal Strategies 
EFTA00730665
--- PAGE 26 ---
GLENCOKE 
Iron Ore Transaction Comps 
Acquirer 
Date 
Premium 
Paid 
<KW Porto 
DS rose 
Mnattnetment) 
seåke 
Acquwee 
Cipacily 
Resents 
—outom 
Implied Transaction Multiple 
Production of 
Full Capacity 
PAWN.
Implied FY 
acRY 
PM% 
Rasmos 
Ore IMO 
Average 
Adjusted 
Resources 
*4_""9. 
AdNsled 
Implied AV ' Ate. Implied FY 44.
Grade
I% Fe) 
wad 
Xel
Regemes6' (MO 
Ore (MU 
Resources"' GM 
* 
Reserves 1055'1) Resources N981) 
Australian Precedents 
Autos Remote,' 
United Meer.) Cary
Femme Lid 
Untied MerteraM C*19 
Waraick Resources 
At a% Rosette** 
BMPEI Rio Patters JV 
Weeiern Khan ~wages 
Forlesore 
Hammereley Iron 
Centric 
lAeun1G1beon Iron 
dams (Midst.* Metals) 
Me alien Bulk Minerals 
Golden Weil Resources 
Strike Resources 
dengue Lid 
Midwest 
Cap* lambert 
Centres 
PUStfOilltåig. 
Mineralogy 
Mean 
Median 
Other Precedents 
Slmandou 
(BSG Resources Guinea) 
Asia iron Moldings Lid 
consonance Thompson 
Corumbo 
Perlman Ltd 
JMendes 
Minas4bo 1.94% Project 
Amapa Mine MMX Protect 
Mean 
Median 
Toed 1~ 
%Mal Median 
Source: Citi Investment Banking 
Mee Ilen 
BHP Men 
ChIneReelellylArlerlare 
ChIneReelellylArlerlare 
Ada hen/Hannay 
Baaalad 
81P13Ø 
10810-10 
123 
16-0d4.19 
185 
09-33-09 
035.49 
osseper3 
28.Aug.29 
246 
054n06 
5.600 
vrtSCO 
04.51524)9 
Huron Valk 
243~9 
822 
Cheek* 
1236:09 
5.150 
«CO 
1500,08 
148 
AMC 
034:/o4.08 
sisetteare 
Amigo iron &Steel 
CO-Nes-08 
109 
Grange Retsawces 
25-Ses-08 
667 
Hs« WM 
12.Aug-09 
Geier« 
26-MM 
Weetwn King 
8544008 
IS 
Sheskel 
Madera 
1.107 
Chew Metellursied 
25h006 
374 
Cleeteu 
25-8m-07 
3S 
Sheuglre 
214.0.47 
121 
MCPeale 
314~03 
415 
Vale 
30.4pr.10 
25:0 
173.0% 
450% 
1.9% 
22.4% 
18.3% 
108%) 
200% 
Ni 
192% 
Ni 
11.1% 
MA% 
MS% 
»ex 
o.Ses 
12.0% 
34.1% 
27% 
51.7% 
Ni 
Ni 
(13.0%) 
Ni 
42.9% 
26.2% 
Ni 
100% 
ICO% 
12% 
11% 
78% 
15%
5% 
50% 
16% 
IC% 
40% 
11% 
14% 
24% 
IGO% 
11% 
10% 
103% 
100% 
50% 
50% 
100% 
6.0 
We 
We 
We 
Na 
250 
4250 
We 
550 
1700 
Ne 
10/3 
20.5 
nl 
We 
We 
Na 
46.9 
272.3 
Na 
90.8 
202.0 
We 
46.7 
sax 
100 
e2% 
238 
45% 
106 
456 
45% 
206 
O 
We 
Ne 
158 
58% 
Na 
We 
Ne 
59% 
Na 
We 
Ne 
158 
SS% 
rda 
Na 
n% 
56% 
O 
nY 
649 
57% 
126 
4.774 
61% 
2.916 
24.923 
60% 
15.070 
M 
nå 
ne 
589 
35% 
202 
1.66 
50% 
957 
1.799 
59% 
1364 
1525 
6114 
991 
5.910 
61% 
3515 
Ne 
tel 
Ne 
685 
55% 
483 
51% 
Ne 
2.4 
Ne 
Ne 
Ne 
7.5 
Ne 
Ne 
114 
27.6 
We 
We 
230.3 
We 
We 
We 
147.4 
nl 
We 
21.1 
15.0 
114.3 
68.8 
il“lialoilWilR 
3614 
1.69 
33% 
0.489 
a 
231 
52% 
tn 
Ne 
119 
59% 
tel 
Ne 
172 
62% 
tel 
Ne 
59% 
58% 
568 
41% 
tn 
Ne 
979 
31% 
Ne 
Ne 
250 
36% 
We 
Ne 
1.100 
31% 
We 
Ne 
LOW 
32% 
Ne 
vel 
tel 
Ne 
CharesirqChoowarg 
lea 
viumn 
Vale 
CloglaneCalls Inc 
UemOse 
leg% American 
Mroes-09 
260 
3044.05 
240 
30Jna 
750 
Sep.08 
432 
01-Feb* 
1.900 
174,003 
5.500 
16.8% 
NA 
21.5% 
FU 
FU 
20.1% 
20.1% 
60% 
20% 
KO% 
15% 
160%
51% 
70% 
5.0 
BA 
2.0 
8.4 
292 
218 
6.5 
66.7 
150.8 
375.0 
347.1 
6.1 
3036 
119 
119 
Uls1-1181131g1X 
5.000 
58% 
2300 
1.2 
We 
Ne 
Ne 
Na 
Na 
382 
We 
5.2 
36.6 
We 
132 
13.2 
4.0 
10.4 
We 
We 
We 
Col 
8.9 
7.7 
4.7 
9.7 
COS 
7.1 
7.1 
6.6 
4.5 
4.0 
1.2 
Col 
3.7 
Ne 
lit 
sul 
lit 
15.8 
11.0 
Wit 
1.7 
192 
37es 
n­ 
vel 
209 
67% 
140 
62% 
586 
1.460 
47% 
802 
ng 
ng 
Ma 
ng 
ng 
Ma 
71.0 
1.780 
37% 
WA 
1.133 
2/95 
330 
197 
IMO 
454 
298 
4E% 
141 
62%
2.350 
47%
1.485 
33% 
40% 
6.1 
Na 
5,4 
49.5 
2.8 
nh
16.0
$7 
rwe 
5.7 
6x multiple on 150MT of reserves = $900mm 
3.7 
3.8 
313 
1.4 
206 
106 
as 
2.9 
EFTA00730666
--- PAGE 27 ---
GLENCOKE 
Management and Advisors 
Management 
James Kennedy 
President 
- Designed and constructed the iron ore beneficiation 
facility at Pea Ridge 
- Former portfolio manager for Kennedy Capital 
Management with AUM of $100M 
- 13 years as a securities research analyst and 
marketing representative funding over $300M in early 
1990s. 
Laurence M. Nuelle 
Chief Geologist 
- Transitioning to become the company's full time 
geologist 
- Completed extensive work at Pea Ridge under the 
USGS, specifically relating to the rare earth deposit 
- Will coordinate the laboratory and processing for the 
production of rare earth concentrates from the Apatite 
and the heavy rare earths from the breccia pipes 
Martin Schaper 
Interim CFO 
jay Norwood 
Interim COO 
Advisors During Feasibility Study 
Terry Gooding 
Former Senior Mining Manager for Pea Ridge 
Larry Tucker 
Former Chief Underground Mine Manager and 
Acting Geologist for Pea Ridge 
David James 
Former Senior Mine Engineer for Pea Ridge 
Tom Gallagher 
Former Senior Personnel and Safety Officer for 
Pea Ridge 
EFTA00730667
--- PAGE 28 ---
GLENCOR 
Pig Iron Data 
MPI STRUCTURE: BRAZIL 
at
KULA ctzLIL
a 
MUNI 
LIMrn 
a 
MEMO 
C'S =SO 
ibrak ea 
4And••••INel 
&VAS ICA 
rfl. 
S'
WIM 
IMMS 
L'Z..111=.1.rn 
Total Braiilian nameplate capacity is now about 15 million 
tonnes per year with 80.90 companies and 163 charcoal-fired 
blast furnaces. 
H.
— 
11.1 
CROSS BORDER PA E RCHANT PIG IRON TRADE million tonnes 
- I iporn 
D , 
IIA-- 
•••••••- 
4ul 
12.412.4 WILI 4 
I I 
I I 
III 
11.71—
L4
II 
200) 
2001 
/0112 
1004 
10%4 
20,5 
7006 
1001 
T 14 
207.9 
3/1 
MPI EXPORTS - mt 
2.1 
G0 
• ern•e. 
• heu 
• ;Anew 
Ina 
I-1 
to 
10)1 
100) 
Total MPI trade 
International trade = 17-18 mtpy 
Domestic trade 
[Russia, Brazil, India, Japan, South 
Africa, EU, etc.] = ± 9 mtpy 
China domestic trade = 30 mtpy ??? 
+Total excl. China = ± 27 mtpy 
Total incl. China = ± 57 mtpy ??? 
EFTA00730668

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730669.pdf
----------------------------------------
Zorro Development Corp. 
Zorto Ranch Road Stanley, NM 87056 Tel: SOS 938 2920 Fax: 505 938 2924 
E-mail: zorroranch@aol.com 
Wire Transfer Request Form 
Date of Request: 4-13-10 
Amount Requested:159,032.27 
Payee: lactsa Mechanical Solutions Inc 
Bank Name: 
'Bank of the West 
Bank Account 
Requested By: 
 J 
277050555 
Purpose / Description: 
Payee 
Address: 
Bank 
Address: 
PO Box 56995 
Albuquerque 
NM 87187-6995 
Payment of 2 outstanding invokes from 2009. Mishandled by Vendor 
I have reviewed and this work was completed and not paid previously 
Could this be added to the 2009 expenditure? 
pecia I Notes / Instructions: 
Routing 0121 100 782 
G / I Account Information: 
/ L Description: 'Repairs & Maintenance MN 
G/ L Number 
60061 
Authorization I 
EFTA00730669
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jack's Mechanical Solutions, Inc. 
To: Zorro Ranch 
Att: 
6/10/09 
Project: Unit 1 Condenser Replacement Unit 7 Reversing Valve 
Indusions 
1. Pump down existing Unit 1 condenser of refrigerant, dispose, flush refrigerant linos 
of add 
2. Remove damaged condenser 
3. Furnish and install new condenser and recharge system in Unit 1 
4. Replace Reversing Valve in Unit 7 
s. Test 
6. Start-up 
BASEBID:-- 
$4,161.00 
Labor- 40 hours 
S75.24=S3,009.00 
Materials- S1.157.00 
Jack's Mechanical Solutions, Inc. 
By: 
Darrin Putman 
Estimator 
APPROVED 
41131O. 
a(coo 
EFTA00730670
--- PAGE 3 ---
• 
JACK'S MECHANICAL SOLUTIONS, INC. 
PO BOX 56995 
ALBUQUERQUE NM 87187-6995 
Telephone• 
Fax: 
INVOICE 
Sold To: 
ZORRO DEVELOPMENT CORP. 
ZORRO RANCH ROAD 
STANLEY, NM 
87056 
Att: 
Job Location: 
ZORRO DEVELOPMENT CORP. 
?ORR° RANCH ROAD 
STANLEY, NM 
87056 
Invoice Number: 
Invoice Date: 
Terms: 
Customer Code: 
Reference: 
Customer Order: 
Work Order I: 
Work Order Type: 
Job Location: 
Called By: 
i Starting Date: 
Ending Date: 
INSTALLING NEW COMPRESSOR UNIT 1, UNIT 7 
INSTALLING REVERSING VALVE AND SYSTEM FLUSH 
installed now compressor in unit number one. straightened 
out control problems with control 'Tay on same unit. 
replaced reversing valve and flushed unit seven recharged 
and checked operation of units. replaced strainer screen 
on unit eleven. cleaned strainer on unit twelve b. 
CONDITIONS - 
Amount 
Tax 
Total Invoice 
W11224 
Apr 7/10 
UPON RECEIPT 
5049 
PARTY a. 
000000012/ 
ZORRO DEVELOPMENT CORP 
Jun 23/09 
Jun 23/09 
4,161.00 . 
270.47 
4,431.47 
EFTA00730671
--- PAGE 4 ---
• 
frideS.:Mechankett Solutiofis, 
To: Zorro Ranch 
Att: 
Project: Lodge A/C Replacement 
5/27/09 
Inclusions 
1. Pump down existing unt of refrigerant and dispose 
2. Remove existing furnace, coil, and condenser 
3. Furnish and install new furnace, coil, condenser and tP conversion It 
4. Reuse existing line sets for refrigeration 
S. Fabricate and install duct transition 
6. Test 
7. Start-up 
BASEBID: 
$4.320.011
Jack's Mechanical Solutions, Inc. 
By: 
Darnn Putman 
Estimator 
APPEfiVED 
tcw
Ito 
P.O. ear 56995 
,Attrquertue, 
117187.1,
-
EFTA00730672

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730673.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730673.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV- 80893 - MARRA/JOHNSON 
DRAFT 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
DEFENDANT'S FACT and EXPERT WITNESS LIST FOR TRIAL 
Pursuant to the Order Setting Civil Jury Trial Date and Pretrial Deadlines dated 
November 20, 2009 (DE 119), Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, (hereinafter "Epstein") 
provides the following names and addresses of fact and expert witnesses he expects to 
call at trial: 
1. Jane Doe 
do Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
2. 
3.11m. 
EFTA00730673
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jane Doe v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 2 
4. 
5. Justin Vanover 
a 
7. Jeff Brown 
8. Ibrahim Tonaro lu 
9. 
10. Samantha Rivera 
11. Robert Morales 
12.Curtis Rivera 
13. Bradle Alan Dial 
EFTA00730674
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jane Doe v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 3 
14. 
r 
15. Randee Speciale, MS, LMHC (May call) 
do Palm Beach County Victim Services 
205 N. Dixie Highway 
#5.1100 
West Palm Beach, FL 
16. Jim Eisenberg, Esq. 
(May call) 
do Eisenberg & Fouts, PA 
One Clearlake Centre 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite #704 
West Palm Beach, FL 
17. Devon Benz 
(May call) 
18. 
ll 
19. u in 
(May call) 
20.Am n 
Mar h 
May call) 
21. 
ds Custodian (if necessary) 
irls uv nile Residential Facility 
22. Records Custodian (if necessary) 
Wellington Regional Hospital 
10101 Forest Hill Blvd. 
Wellington, FL 33414 
EFTA00730675
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jane Doe v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 4 
23. Records Custodian (if necessary) 
Randee Speciele, MS, LMHC 
205 North Dixie Hwy. 
Suite 5.1100 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
24. Records Custodian (if necessary) 
St. Mary's Medical Center 
901-45th St. 
West Palm Beach, FL 
25. Records Custodian (if necessary) 
Eckerd Re-Entry Program 
721 US Highway One 
Suite 204 
North Palm Beach, FL 33408 
561-840-4865 
26. Records Custodian (if necessary) 
Drug Abuse Foundation of Palm Beach County, Inc. 
400 S. Swinton Avenue 
Delray Beach, FL 33444 
561-278-0000 
27. Records Custodian (if necessary) 
Florida Department of Juvenile Justice 
3400 Belvedere Road 
West Palm Beach, FL 334-6 
28. Records Custodian (if necessary) 
Palm Beach County Probation Office 
3400 Belvedere Road 
West Palm Beach, FL 33406 
29. Records Custodian (if necessary) 
School District of Palm Beach County 
3344 Forest Hill Boulevard 
Suite C-124 
West Palm Beach, FL 33406 
561-434-8029 
EFTA00730676
--- PAGE 5 ---
Jane Doe v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 5 
a 
Juvenile Probation Officer 
State of Florida 
3400 Belvedere Road 
West Palm Beach, FL 33406 
Juvenile Probation Officer 
State of Florida 
3400 Belvedere Road 
West Palm Beach, FL 33406 
32. Yvonne Rose-Green 
33. Julianna Gerena 
34.Jack A. Goldberger, Esq. 
(May call) 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
One Clearlake Centre, Suite 1400 
250 Australian Avenue South 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
659-8300 
35. Kenneth Jenne 
36. Michael Fisten 
do Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
954-524-2820 
37. 
EFTA00730677
--- PAGE 6 ---
Jane Doe v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 6 
38. 
Expert Witnesses: 
1. Dr. Richard Hall 
CVs and full reports previously provided. 
By: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Flori 
B r N . 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Mafia 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was served this day on all 
counsel of record identified on the following service list on this 
day of June 2010: 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Phone: 
F 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00730678
--- PAGE 7 ---
Jane Doe v. Epstein. et al,
Page 7 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pm Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City. UT 84112 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Fax: 
(Co-counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00730679

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730680.pdf
----------------------------------------
SEED Magazine 03 
A New Kind of Science 
Don Hoyt Gorman 
Steven Wolfram emerged from over a decade of self-imposed isolation this summer and published his Magnum Opus, A New 
Kind of Science. What's notable, more than the iconic character of Wolfram or the colorful content of the book itself, is the 
way in which he has affected science communication. 
It is as though Wolfram, who's been called "arrogant" and "genius," has decided to apply Milton Friedman-style economics to 
science's literary marketplace. Instead of going the traditional route of submitting individual papers to peer-reviewed journals, 
Wolfram launched his work as a direct-to-market project. He claims that his solo act, from exile to vanity press, was to save 
time; conferring with colleagues would have delayed him. He published the book through his own company, Wolfram Media, 
Inc., sold out his first print run of 50,000 copies, and hit number one on Amazon.com within a week. 
By bypassing the usually staid, measured cadence of scientific review, the book and, by extension, Wolfram himself, were 
consumed by the mass media and pop culture as celebrity. And Wolfram was ready. He welcomed everyone from Michael S. 
Malone at Forbes to Loch Adamson at New York Times Magazine. He sat for interviews and posed for photo shoots. Malone 
wrote that Wolfram instructed an aide to "get lost" when driving the interviewer to his home, in order to keep its location a 
secret. It was a move you'd expect from Sean Penn, but something that only increased Wolfram's celebrity. 
By employing this non-traditional, market savvy approach, Wolfram has joined the dubious company of researchers who 
prefer the scrum of press conferences to the impartial scrutiny of scientific journals. Recall Advanced Cell Technology's 
hyped announcement of a successful human clone earlier this year, or the egg-on-the-face embarrassment of the Cold 
Fusion researchers, who held a showy press conference a couple years back, to their eternal regret 
The British-born maverick has bought into the frontier ethos of his adopted land, portraying himself as a lone genius whose 
detractors will only slow his march along the road to truth. This is a man who published his first paper at age 15, earned his 
PhD. at age 20, won a Macarthur "genius" grant a year later, and made enough money to do what he wanted from then on. 
Even if it eventually chews them up and spits them out, ours is a culture that embraces quirky, celebrity-prone trailblazers. 
His stated wish that his ideas will "pervade not only science and technology but also many areas of general thinking" remains 
the major litmus test of this whole enterprise. If it works, it may inspire other self-proclaimed twentieth century Newtons to 
bypass traditional protocol and get their message straight into the hands of those that will feed their egos and their wallets. 
Even if A New Kind of Science ends up collecting dust on the nation's coffee tables, A la A Brief History of Time, Wolfram will 
have already succeeded in shaking up the foundations of scientific tradition in a way that is as unconventional, and as 
modern, as the text itself. He is set to face his fans and critics alike this month as he heads out on a nationwide lecture tour. 
EFTA00730680

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730681.pdf
----------------------------------------
Workshop on Human Uniqueness and Behavioral Modernity. 
Homo sapiens has evolved a unique suite of characteristics that interact to make us 
evolutionary "outliers". "Human uniqueness" is most clearly manifest by our 
current biological dominance of the planet, but even hunter-gatherer populations 
lived in organized communities of several thousand individuals with dozens of 
activity specializations and complex social stratification. Even without the invention 
of agriculture, their communities may have eventually numbered around 70 million 
individuals by the time the whole earth was colonized as Homo Sapiens spread over 
the planet more broadly than any other large vertebrate. No creature on earth lives 
in cohesive social units that rival this complexity or biomass. Such human 
uniqueness derives from an integration of exceptional Cognition, Cultural capacity, 
and Cooperation (CCC). 
The timing and causal factors that led to the emergence of "human uniqueness" are 
still unclear. At some time in the Pleistocene hominins became something more than 
just bipedal apes and began to express the beginnings of human uniqueness, 
ultimately becoming what we would recognize as human. Archeologists describe 
the emergence of "behavioral modernity" very late in this process. This behavioral 
modernity represents the expression of the special evolved capacities. But how to 
recognize this expression under differing contexts remains a major challenge that 
can only be met by a research agenda that integrates the sciences of cognition, 
cultural capacity, and cooperation with the record of human evolution. The pace of 
advance in each of these areas has been remarkable in recent years, and we are 
confident that we are very close to a significant integrated consensus. 
The ASU Program on Human Uniqueness, under the auspices of the new Origins 
Initiative, proposes to bring together for the first time a small group of key scientists 
spanning a broad range disciplines to explore these questions. We will focus on the 
end point of the process - the transition to fully modern human uniqueness. The 
proposed workshop will last 2.5 days, Feb 19-22, and will comprise a series of 
presentations by invited participants with ample time for discussion. All travel and 
accommodation expenses will be covered. We hope that you can come to Arizona 
during this beautiful period for what we hope will be an exciting and transformative 
program. 
Kim Hill and Curtis Marean 
Program in Human Uniqueness, School of Human Evolution and Social Change, ASU 
Lawrence Krauss 
Director, Origins Initiative, ASU. 
EFTA00730681

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730682.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONCTRETE BAND WITH mEDium-SQE EXPOSED 
AGGREGATE (AS ExISTA4G) 
LOCAL. PEBBLES 
BROOM-SWEEP GRAY CONCRETE 
EFTA00730682

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730683.pdf
----------------------------------------
17; 
/Au 
kv.g.kito concgsrt - Wren. Ao6Rtc.ALL 
ItinErriej 
( 15
6.14Sof 
C0MO2t If -V! tcy 
MALI A66gt 6A t r
a2PER 
eArtiwto 
&Room FINISH 
EFTA00730683

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730684.pdf
----------------------------------------
K
I'll''
LJ 
I 
r
C
I 
L 
C 
C 
r
etr - Jr 
eta 
is
EFTA00730684

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730685.pdf
----------------------------------------
MING ROOM 
L
BELOW 
M1111111111
re _
r eit 
b 
20X60 POOL 
_9 
51- • 
Vi eAvIW04. 
K 
REST 
Age 
b NJ it LI
A 
EFTA00730685
--- PAGE 2 ---
F42
T 
LMNG ROOM 
L  
BELOW 
_J 
 b 
49: 
111111101111111
\ 
20X60 POOL 
-fotr- 51 
•••••• 
••• 
•6eTto 
EFTA00730686
--- PAGE 3 ---
er iv a "rn• 
rot- ?nit-tot( 
H 7 o4-aN 
°moo • 
I - M f -   - \ 
e 
1\ 
, rTh 7 
rTh /f
i 
i 
f 
orTt on-) 
EFTA00730687

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730688.pdf
----------------------------------------
IIST11111:tr_
 _
INA A-S Ten- 
e L A kJ 
O1 1- 45 . 
EFTA00730688
--- PAGE 2 ---
4r-
1> < _VA 
 .1) 
w 
roof PLAN , 
0`1 . 
'La . t o
t c:. 
EFTA00730689

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730690.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 0:08-cv-62021-ASG Document 22 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03)27:2009 Page 1 of 3 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-62021 GOLD/ MACALILEY 
STEPHEN PARKES, on his own 
behalf and others similarly situated, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
YACHT CHANDLERS, INC., 
a Florida corporation, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE OF COMPLIANCE WITH COURT'S MARCH 23. 2009 OR DER 
Plaintiff, STEPHEN PARKES, by and through his undersigned counsel, hereby files the fee 
ledgers for work done on behalf of Plaintiff in this matter. (See Exhibit A attached hereto) Such fees 
total $9,881.50, and costs total $745.00. Total fees and costs billed are $10,626.50. 
Additionally, Plaintiff would show that he entered into a retainer agreement which also 
provides for Plaintiff's counsel to receive 40% of the amount of the settlement, plus reasonable costs 
incurred. 
Under such contingency provision of Plaintiff's retainer agreement, the total fees and costs to 
his counsel would be $11,145.00. However, pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreement, the 
fees and costs to be recovered by Plaintiff's counsel are $10,200.00. 
Additionally, as further information to support the reasonableness of amount recovered by 
Plaintiff for his unpaid overtime wages, Plaintiff would show that his dates of employment were by 
and between August 2006 — May, 2007. His lawsuit was filed December 17, 2008 and assuming a 
two year statute of limitations, Plaintiff would have approximately 21 weeks at issue within the 
EFTA00730690
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 0:08-cv-62021-ASG Document 22 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03:'27/2009 Page 2 of 3 
typical two year statute of limitations. Plaintiff was earning $1000/week, and to the extent the 
evidence supported that a half-time calculation as the proper method, (rather than time-and-a-half), 
as the half-time premium is properly the case when the evidence reflects the salary was intended to 
compensate for all hours worked, then assuming Plaintiff's estimate of 20 hours of overtime to be 
reasonable, (which Defendant disputes) his calculation of damages would be as follows: 
$1,000/week divided by 60 hours per week = $16.66 for which half-time premium is $8.33/hour x 20 
hours of overtime per week = $166.66 x 21 weeks = = $3,499.99, for which liquidated damages 
would double it to $6,999.99. Plaintiff's statement of claim filed February 4, 2009 provided for a 3 
year statute of limitations, which was a burden Plaintiff would not be able to overtime, and provided 
for a time-and-a-half calculation, which was a point of contention between the parties. 
Pursuant to the Settlement at issue, Plaintiff is recovering $15,800.00. 
Plaintiff provides this additional information to assist the Court in its review of the 
Settlement Agreement. 
Dated: March 27, 2009 
Respectfully submitted, 
Boca Raton, Florida 
s/GREGG I. SHAVITZ 
Gregg I. Shavitz (Florida Bar No.1 1398 ) 
E-mail: gshavitz@shavitzlaw.com 
SHAVITZ LAW GROUP, P.A. 
1515 South Federal Highway, Suite 404 
Boca Raton, Florida 33432 
Telephone: 561-447-8888 
Facsimile: 561-447-8831 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
EFTA00730691
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 0:08-cv-62021-ASG Document 22 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/27:2009 Page 3 of 3 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was filed using the CM/ECF 
system on this 27'h day of March 2009, which I understand will send a copy of same to all counsel of 
record. 
s/GREGG I. SHAVITZ 
Gregg I. Shavitz 
SERVICE LIST 
Stephen Parkes v. Yacth Chandlers, Inc. 
Case No: 08-62021 GOLD/ MACALILEY 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Erik Nelson, Esq. 
NELSON & FRANKLIN, P.L.L.0 
Counsel for Defendants 
SE 1g Ave., Suite 704 
Miami, FL 33131 
Tel: 305-381-9000 
Fax: 305-381-9200 
EFTA00730692

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730693.pdf
----------------------------------------
A.H00,,, s, NEWS 
SINGAPORE 
YX400.% NEWS 
PHILIPPINES 
Dec 16 (Reuters) - The following financial services industry 
appointments were announced on Wednesday... 
THE COOPER UNION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF SCIENCE AND ART 
Trustees of The Cooper Union for the Advancement of 
Science and Art elected Mark Epstein as Chairman of the Board at 
its December meeting. Epstein, who is a general partner of Dara 
Partners LP and President of Ossa Properties Inc, has been a 
Trustee since 2004 and was elected Vice Chairman in 2007. 
EFTA00730693

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730694.pdf
----------------------------------------
PATRICK H. LYONS 
COMMISSIONER 
122537 
ZORRO TRUST 
C/O 
ZORRO RANCH RD. 
STANLEY,NN 870S6 
of!;efi3ffiexico 
Clatumissianer of public ,Eantio 
310 OLD SANTA FE TRAIL P.O. BOX 1148 
SANTA FE, NEW MEXICO ff7504-1148 
FAX 
www.nmstatelands.org 
BILLING STATEMENT 
Mall Payment To: 
STATE OF NEW MEXICO 
COMMISSIONER OP PUBLIC LANDS 
P.O. BOX 1141 
SANTA PE. NEW MEXICO 17504-114E 
If Payment already sent please disregard this Billing Statement 
PLEASE FILL IN AMOUNT PAID k RETURN ONE COPY OF THE BILL WITH PAYMENT 
Welt. Number 
142084 
Invoice SIMI* 
INITIAL 
Invoice Dam 
08/26/2010 
Due Date 
10/01/2010 
ToIM DIM 
1,102.49 
I 
Amount Paid 
PAYMENTS RECEIVED AFTER THE ABOVE DUE -DATE MILL RECEIVE AN INTEREST PENALTY OP 
1% PER MONTH ON THE AMOUNT DUE. 
SUBLEASES ARE NOT SUBJECT TO INTEREST. PARTIAL 
PAYMENTS MILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS PLEASE CALL 
X
Amu. 
Law Number 
Source 
Amount Due 
lateral 
Penalty 
Total Due 
PAO 
OR 2088 
GRAZING - RENTAL 
55.75 
0.00 
0.00 
55.75 
CR 2088 0001 
GRAZING - SUBLEASE REN 
50.00 
0.00 
0.00 
50.00 
GR 2122 
GRAZING - RENTAL 
830.62 
0.00 
0.00 
830.62 
OR 2122 0001 
GRAZING - SUBLEASE REM 
166.12 
0.00 
0.00 
166.12 
TOTAL 
1,102.49 
0.00 
0.00 
1,102.49 
Form OGS02 
EFTA00730694

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730695.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROJECT3 
CONTEMPOkARYART 
AUTHOR: ZHANG HUAN 
TITLE: FREE TIGER RETURNS TO MOUNTAINS NO. 45 
MEDIA: ASH ON LINEN 
MEASUREMENTS: 250X200 CM 
PROJECTB S.R.L. 
VIA BORGONUOVa 3 
1 I N 
T. 
IF. 
www.projectb.eu 
P. WA 05070780969 
EFTA00730695

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730696.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROJECTB 
CONTEMPORARYART 
AUTHOR: ZHANG HUAN 
TITLE: FREE TIGER RETURNS TO MOUNTAINS NO. 55 
MEDIA: ASH ON LINEN 
MEASUREMENTS: 150X160 CM 
PROJECTB 
VIA BORGONUOVO. 3 20121 MILANO 
T 
IF 
wvwv.projectb.eu 
P. WA 05070780969 
EFTA00730696

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730697.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROJECT3 
CONTEMPORARYART 
AUTHOR: ZHANG HUAN 
TITLE: FREE TIGER RETURNS TO MOUNTAINS NO. 57 
MEDIA: ASH ON LINEN 
MEASUREMENTS: 110X150 CM 
PROJECTB S.R.L. 
VIA BORGONUOVO. 3 20121 MILANC 
T 
IF 
www.projeCtb.eu 
P. WA 05070780969 
EFTA00730697

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730698.pdf
----------------------------------------
Zorro Development Corp 
Zorru Ranch It(nul 
Stanley, NM 87056 
T: 505 938 2920 
I'. Mail: 
Date of Request: 
8/11/09 
Requested By: 
Time Frame for Purchase: Urgent: 
Inventory: 
Other: X 
Item/Items Requested: 40 ft Wooden Flag Pole 
Purpose/Description: To replace Flag Pole that blew down and cracked in half during a 
wind storm (12 years old) 
Company Name: 
Hennessy House Flag Pole, Inc 
Purchase Price: 
$7,300.00 
Tax: 
Weight. Dimensions & Number of Items: 
Shipping Cost: Ground S1,311.00 (as of date) 
Ship Via: 
Other: 
Total Expected Cost: $8,611.00 
Deposit Required? 
Yes: X 
$ 
No: 
or 
% 
$4,305.50 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to be billed: 
Check: 
Wire Transfer: 
Credit Card of Requester: X 
Quote Attached: 
Yes: 
No: X 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Yes: 
If No, why not?: X — this company provided the original Flagpole, hence use existing mounting 
Signatures & Date: 
Re uest B 
Shipping Coordinator 
Approval 
N/A 
EFTA00730698
--- PAGE 2 ---
Zorro Development Corp 
Zcart) Ranch Road 
Stanley NM 87056 
T: 
E Mail: 
EFTA00730699

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730700.pdf
----------------------------------------
Zorro Development Corp 
Zorro Ranch Road 
Stanley, NM 87056 
Management Couple 
Responsibilities Include but not limited to. 
• 
Accounts management and budget control 
• 
Staff and contractor management 
• 
Purchasing for both household and ranch needs 
• 
Livestock oversight 
• 
Record/Inventory Keeping 
• 
Knowledge of HAVAC, R0 systems and communications systems 
• 
Maintenance of Main residence and outer buildings 
• 
Light cooking 
• 
Knowledge of Windows and Mac Computer programs 
• 
Prepared to work extra hours when principle is in residence 
• 
Min 5 yrs working in a similar situation 
• 
Pool and Spa maintenance 
• 
Liaise with State and Federal agencies 
• 
Driving of principle and guests 
• 
Knowledge of Ranch work and needs 
Overview 
Live in position, semi furnished housing 
Food and Uniform only provided during principle/guest visits 
Medical 
Vehicle provided, work related only. 
EFTA00730700
--- PAGE 2 ---
km,/ ?kat, 
- Slim Walters — 
(Dcvcral W. Walters) 
Objective 
Seeking full time position utilizing my skills and experience in the cattle, horse and/or 
hospitality industries. 
Qualifications 
Lifetime experience in all aspects of the cattle ranching industry in the southwest (AZ, 
NM) and northwest (OR, NV) regions, as well as Wyoming. Certified by Carnation 
Genetics in pregnancy detection and artificial insemination of cattle. Graduate of Jack 
Hedricks School for Stockmen in aspects of veterinary medicine for the cattle rancher. 
Lifetime experience in starting colts, training saddle horses, and shoeing. Some 
experience in packing, guiding, dude wrangling, camp cooking, dutch oven cooking and 
pit barbeque, as well as assisting professional chefs on guest ranches. 
Experience 
10/05-Present Self-employed contracting the care and back-grounding of calves and 
yearlings on both winter and summer operations in Magdalena and 
Moriarty areas of New Mexico. 
3/00 - 10/05 Managed yearling operations for cutting horse ranch, Las Vegas, NM 
Responsibilities: Health and pasture management, shipping and receiving 
on various leases, organizing weekly shipments of cattle between pastures 
and practice pen for cutting events, starting and developing colts, 
designing and building pens, corrals, stall barns, and cooking for large 
numbers at events. 
5/92 
3/00 
Worked in conjunction with ranch owner/operator, 64,000 acre cow/calf 
operation, Anton Chico, NM. 
Responsibilities: cattle care, calving, culling, sorting, buying bulls, design 
and building of corrals, prescribed burning ofjuniper, welding, 
supervising gathering crews, branding and shipping cattle, buying and 
selling horses, and general ranch maintenance. 
11/87 - 5/92 Ranch Manager: 20,000 acre Blair Brown Ranch, Las Vegas, NM. 
Responsibilities: Procurement, receiving, processing, health, nutrition, 
condition, marketing, shipping, general ranch operations, record keeping 
on yearling cattle, labor management, horse shoeing, pasture rotation, 
brush control, and logging and timber management. 
2/85 - 11/87 Ranch Manager: 60,000 acre summer ranch, Vaughn, NM, and 45,000 
acre winter ranch near Malaga, NM. 
Responsibilities: Obtaining leased land, purchasing, receiving, processing, 
pre-conditioning, marketing, shipping, and record keeping on 2,200 head 
yearling operation, moving complete operations both spring and fall, 
purchasing horses, labor management, and all other ranch operations. 
EFTA00730701
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sadie Lombardi 
(Sara K. Lombardi) 
Goal: Seeking full time work in the cattle, horse, and/or hospitality industries. 
Education & Qualifications: 
BA, graduate of Bennington College, Benn., VT, 2000. Double major in Social 
Science and Art. Self-designed and interdisciplinary education with discussion-based 
courses examining primary sources. 
Lifetime experience in various disciplines of riding. Some experience in stable and 
herd management, horse training, riding instruction and ranching. Other experience 
includes massage therapy training, limited international travel, and four and five star 
restaurant and bar serving. 
Experience: 
(Gaps in years 'o6 to '09 show times when I assisted Slim in ranch and horse operations) 
03/09 - present: EAGALA certified Equine Specialist and partner with EAGALA certified 
licensed psychotherapist, DBA Stable Solutions Equine Assisted Programs, 
Moriarty and Estancia, NM. 
Responsibilities: assisting in providing family and group therapy through 
experiential activities with horses, selecting activities, observing horse behavior, 
maintaining clients' physical safety, contributing to discussion and providing notes. 
09/07 to 01/09: Family Services Programs Manager for CYFD funded programs at Torrance 
County Project Office, Moriarty, NM. 
Responsibilities: organizing community groups and events, evaluating clients, 
advocating, supervising staff, maintaining client files, and reporting to state CYFD. 
07/06 to 04/07: Personal Banker with Wells Fargo, Moriarty, NM. 
Responsibilities: opening and maintaining personal accounts, loans and services, as 
well as supervising tellers and high security transactions. 
12/03 to 11/05: Self-employed horseback riding instructor for beginners of all ages in 
natural horsemanship and trail riding, Santa Fe, NM. Also a Pro-Rider at Las 
Campanas Equestrian Center, summer of 'o3. 
10/02 to 12/03: Stable Manager, Bishop's Lodge Resort and Spa, Santa Fe, NM. 
Responsibilities: Herd, health, and pasture maintenance, scheduling rides, pairing 
riders with horses, riding instruction, guiding trail rides, supervising and training 
wranglers, maintaining records, reports, and register, and buying and selling horses. 
idol to 9/o2: Ranch Hand, NOLS Three Peaks Ranch, Pinedale, WY, and Ranch Hand/Colt 
Starter, Lion Canyon Ranch, Lander, WY. 
Responsibilities: Backcountry packing, ranch maintenance, herd management, 
pasture irrigation, assisting student courses and instructors, cooking, starting colts, 
re-training problem horses, operating machinery and repairing gear. 
EFTA00730702

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730703.pdf
----------------------------------------
CHARLIE HARDISON & SONS 
FOURCHON, LOUISIANA 
FLYING FISH TOO 
606193 
Official Number— 606193 
IMO Number- STP6201301 
Length - 
58.8' 
Breadth - 
18.9' 
Depth - 
7' 
Gross Tonnage - 
Net Tonnage- 
U.S. Coast Guard — Certificate of Inspection (Current — May 2007) 
Certified for 44 passengers and crew up to 100 miles offshore. 
This vessel was constructed in 1979 of fiberglass re-enforced plastic (FRP) by Stapleton Boats, 
Miami, Florida. 
Vessel underwent a complete upgrade and USCG stability test in 2002 by Aqua Bay Marine, 
Panama City, Fla. 
EFTA00730703
--- PAGE 2 ---
FLYING FISH TOO 
GENERAL CONDITION AND PARTICULARS 
This vessel has flush deck, a raked bow, a transom stem, and cabin with two (2) tables and 
seating for fourteen (14) persons, a head and enclosed pilothouse atop. Deckhouse has safety 
windows for 360° visibility. 
This vessel is a typical "Sport Fisherman" type with flush deck, recessed cockpit aft and enclosed 
pilothouse atop. Vessel is walk-around with closed bulwarks, 2'/z' to 3' in height. 
There are adequate mooring bitts located fore and aft. Fuel tanks are built-in and properly vented 
700-gallon capacity. 
HULL 
Subject hull has five (5) separate water-tight compartments separated by four (4) water-tight 
bulkheads. 
Starting at the bow and leading aft, the hull arrangements are as follows: 
Forward bow area is void, bow deck has large bitt and entire deck is surrounded by a dosed 
bulwark. 
Next aft is the deckhouse with pilothouse atop. Forward deckhouse is passenger area. 
Next aft is the head to starboard with sink and marine head-access from rear deck. There is a 
waste stowage tank with pump out. Opposite is lockable rod and reel locker. 
Aft is one weather-tight access door. 
Next aft is the vessels' two (2) fiberglass engine box covers and single flush manhole engine 
room access hatch. 
Next aft is the fishing cockpit with rudder area access hatch — single manhole type. 
Next aft is transom with numerous cockpit drains. 
Vessel has pilothouse atop a deckhouse with controls, navigation equipment, captain's chair, and 
mate's chair. Access via welded aluminum ladder. There is a 2 1/2# dry chemical fire extinguisher 
located here. There is one (1) aft latchable weather-tight door. 
There are life rafts, throwable rings and E.P.I.R.S. here. 
All interior floors are non-skid. 
Flying Fish Too 
EFTA00730704
--- PAGE 3 ---
ELECTRICAL 
DC wiring is of approved marine type. Fuses and circuit breakers provide overload protection. 
AC wiring is of approved marine type. Fuses and circuit breakers provide overload protection 
Standard shore power wire and plugs 
Double pole/ Double throw switch for shore power to generator 
NAVIGATION AND ELECTRONICS EQUIPMENT 
Vessel has one helm fitted with the following in the raised pilothouse. 
One (1) 
Kodem Radar — MD 3441 
One (1) 
Pilots chair 
One (1) 
Spotlight 
One (1) 
SS-steering wheel, steering is hydraulic/manual 
Two (1) 
Overhead a/c — camper type 
Two (2) 
Gauge panels, switches, controls, etc. 
One (1) 
Flush mounted 6" compass by Dan Forth Constellation 
One (1) 
1/2# dry chemical fire extinguisher 
One (1) 
VHF radio, Uniden 
One (1) 
Remote control spotlight 
One (1) 
Icom SS B radio 
One (1) 
Set of dual controls by Morse. 
One (1) 
Garmin GPS — 120 XL 
One (1) 
Couch seat 
MACHINERY 
Dual main engines — 1996 Detroit Diesel, Model 12-V-71 TA Diesel powered engines driving, (2 
to 1) ratio, hydraulic clutches, Model MG-514 by Twin-Disc, two (2) 32" x 30" bronze, 3-blade 
propeller are driven through SS-shafts — 2 1/2 " diameter. 
These main engines are rated at 675 horse power each. 
One (1) 
Isom diesel — 13-KW generator. 
Flying Fish Too 
EFTA00730705
--- PAGE 4 ---
One (1) 
Portable battery charger 
Five (5) 
Rule type electric 24-VDC bilge pumps with auto-switches. 
Five (5) 
High water alarms. One in each watertight compartment 
Multiple 12-VDC heavy duty 8D batteries in boxes for starting. 
Engine cooling through raw-water suction and heat exchangers. 
LIFESAVING EQUIPMENT 
One (1) 
43# Dan Forth Anchor with adequate anchor rope. 
One (1) 
CO-2 fire system in engine room manual/automatic. (Fire-Boy Brand) 
Two (2) 
Throw able ring buoys with 60' lanyard and auto-water lights. 
Two (2) 
15-man rafts and one (1) 6-man life raft buoys with lanyards with auto-water-lights 
and paddles. 
Two (2) 
USCG approved Flare gun kits, by Olin 
Two (2) 
First aid kits. 
One (1) 
ACR, Category I — 406-NIGHZ, E.P.I.R.B. 
(36) 
Multiple life jackets, Type I — all have lights and reflectors. (32adults,4 children) 
FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT 
Two (2) 
10# Dry chemical fire extinguishers — deckhouse. 
One (1) 
1/2# Dry chemical fire extinguisher — pilothouse. 
One (1) 
20# Dry chemical fire extinguishers — engine room. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
One (1) 110 gallon freshwater tank with 110V pump 
One (1) 
Salt water washdown with 110V pump 
INCLUDED PERMITS 
Gulf of Mexico Charter/Headboat Migratory Pelagic (04/30/07) 
Gulf of Mexico Charter/Headboat Reef Fish (04/30/07) 
Atlantic HMS Charter/Headboat (05/31/07) 
Flying Fish Too 
EFTA00730706
--- PAGE 5 ---
Flying Fish Ton 
EFTA00730707

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730708.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
arz 
I 
r-er 
Iti• 
law 
tr 
- -, 
NEW &IE 
D 
FINISH COLLRANS
I
—
I 
65f 
WITH CONCRETE IN FILL 
ROC( OVER GALLERY 
TO MATCH EXISTING 
CV 
120' 
45r 
„... 
/e 
to. 
ALIGN NEW wianotai EXTERIOR1 
FACE OF D3STING LIVING 
/ 
EXISTNG LOW 
/ 
I 
I 
ROOM WALL 
GUARD RAL WALL 
4-
• 
• 
• 
• 
O 
/ 
11-1* 
,/ 
\ 
/ 
/ 
-'• 
WINDOW SCHEDULE 
I'S 
r. 
I 
L1 
°2
'5 
/ 
\ 
/ 
• 
/ 
• 
/ 
• 
/ 
Y 
NEW DINING 
FIN. FLO 
TO 
MATCH 
'TI
- NG 
I 
eas 
(TYP I : 
"......, 
•.. 
re 
WINDOW 
FRAME 
NO. 
IttONICIPENN3N0001. 
SNP 
wet 
elm 
15491 
119E 
NATI 
REMARKS 
w 
NY 
4%6" 
TYPEA 
WOOD 
PTD 
WOOD 
WOCO CASEMENT WITH RAISED PANELS 
NEW SIED 
 ROOF OVER 
SLOPE TO 
MATCH
EXISTING 
- 
e.
•
— 
_ 
II 
EXISTING WALL 4 BE REMOVED 
.L. 
31-01' 
4'4" 
TYPEA 
WOOD 
PTD 
WOOD 
WOCO CASEMENT WITH RAISED PANELS 
. 
-• 
30' . 
HEAD HT. 
OVER 
A 
I 
e., 
TERRACE 
PORC 
• - - - 
I . 
_. 
,— 
NEW 
PAIHRY 
p, 
I . 
i 
• - -- 
lifY5 I / 
E. 
- 
:i. 
eas 
I 
o 
let 
A 
li-1, 
--• 
A
ao 
—s- 
FINISHED FLOOR 
WOOD CASEMENT 
WiRMS
F_D PANELS 
I i 
/ 
,• 
/1 
/ 
• 
r 
r-
—., 
/ 
• 
... 
/ 
• 
•
/ 
NEW KITCHEN 
• 
It 
, 
. 
DOOR SCHEDULE 
I rr.
_ 
.... 
CABNEMY 
MRS 
' 
if re 
0 
\ 
, 
1,7
, II (119) 
DOOR 
FRAME 
/ 
• 
e; 
No. 
00010151WIGONNAL 
WES
K
115E 
MAR 
FMK 
IWE 
NATI 
REMARKS 
6,0' 
I 
3c0 
74* 
 74' 
Y.9* 
w 
X 
nw 
.. 
.., 
, 
17-0" 
EV-0' 
TYPE A 
GLASS ALUM 
ALUM 
SUDING GLASS DOORS 
LEGEND 
31-0' 
U-Ll' 
TYPE B 
WOOD WOOD 
WOOD 
INTERIOR WOOD DOOR 
3%, 
liC4r 
TYPE C 
WOOD WOOD 
WOOD 
EXISTING EXTERIOR SHUTTERS TO REMAIN 
3%, 
EV-0* 
TYPE C 
WOOD WOOD 
WOOD 
EXISTING EXTERIOR SHUTTERS TO REMAIN 
I 
I 
EXISTING WALLS TO REALAIN 
12*-CP 
.. 
i 31-0* 
314" t 
C•r• A 
NEW r CONC. BLOCK WALL 
1_ 4 
HEAD HT. 
• 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ _ _ 
_se
HEMAir. 
:-=.'-
NEW r STONE FINISH 
a 
te 
EXISTING WALLS AND GUARD RAIL TO BE REMOVED 
it
A3 
k 
1,
b, 
ile 
r:. 
FINISHED FtCOR 
= 
ALUMINTA GLASS 
DOOR 
t— 
_ 
C3, INTERIC: 
RAISED PANELS 
= 
= 
® 
_ 
..r 
=
WOOD 
EXTERIfyli 
RAISED PANELS 
PROPOSED FLOOR PLAN 
DOOR AND WINDOW SCHEDULE 
41.01 SCALE: VC= I-0" 
Kul SCALE: 1/4"= 1.4:r 
THE deJ NGH GROUP. PC 
ARCHITECTS S PLANNERS 
2200 ESTATE STAABI 
ST. TH011iali 
KITCHEN 
RENOVATION 
LITTLE ST.JAMES 
U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
PROPOSED FLOOR 
PLAN, DOOR & WINDOW 
SCHEDULES 
REVISIONS 
CRAM BY: 
O.C. 
CHECKED BY: 
deJCNGH 
SCALE: 
DATE 
JOB NO 
SHEET: 
Ur= I-01
2006.21 
A1.01 
EFTA00730708

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730709.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
ET-2 
I 
r-er 
WC 
1(31' 
WC 
,- , 
r 
— 
NEW STONE FINISH COLLRANS 
,. 
I 
We 
SEE STRUCT. FOR REINF. 
ROC( OVER GALLERY 
TO MATCH EXISTING 
124' 
Pt 
/e
Es 
ALIGN NEW WALL WTRI EXTE RIOR1 
FACE OF EXISTING LIVING 
EXISTNG LOW 
ROOM WALL 
GUARD RAIL WALL 
4— 
NEW CEIUNG TO 
•
:. 
MATCH OUTING 
• 
/ 
-'• 
• 
/ 
13-1* 
,/ 
WINDOW SCHEDULE 
\ 
/ 
PS 
!E 
r. 
I 
L1 
?* 
\ 
/ 
\ 
/ 
• 
/ 
• 
/ 
• 
/ 
Y 
NEW DINING 
FIN. FLO 
TO 
MATCH 
'TI
- NG 
I 
eas 
(TYP i : 
"..... 
•.. 
re 
WINDOW 
FRAME 
NO. 
PROYMOPEN193NDINWL 
WES 
WM 
pun 
INV 
EWE 
NATI 
REMARKS 
W 
DA 
31-0' 
4'd' 
TYPE A 
WOOD 
MD 
WOOD 
WOCO CASEMENT WITH RAISED PANELS 
NEW SHED 
 ROOF OVER 
SLOPE TO 
— 
e. 
II 
. ' 
.). 
7-0' 
(-V 
TYPE A 
WOOD 
PM 
WOOD 
WOCO CASEMENT WITH RAISED PANELS 
MATCH
—.7
EXISTING 
ir, 
s. 
.-- 
— 
— 
EXISTING WALL 4 BE REMOVED 
I. 
. 
-• 
. 
A' 
HEAD HT. 
OVER 
A 
I 
e, 
TERRACE 
PORC 
6,— 
• - - - 
PAIHRY 
p, 
I . 
i 
• - -- 
I 
MP! 
E. 
t9 
‘s. 
— 
6'-0'
NEW
I
-
0.51//1.-' 
D.I.. 5 
IVA 
I 
I 
F
170; 
I 
i 
M
/
--,,, 
A
C 
ao 
—,,, 
FINISHED FLOOR 
WOOD CASEMENT 
WI RAJSF_O PANELS 
" 
- 
A 
ii 
/ 
/1 
,• 
• 
r 
..--
—,. 
/ 
• 
... 
/ 
• 
/ 
• 
,. 
m 
/ 
NEW KITCHEN 
• 
It 
"ri 
. 
. 
DOOR SCHEDULE 
_ 
.... 
CABNEMY 
MRS 
 ' 
CO 
O 
O 
\ 
, 
1,7
II M) 
O 
O
N.
DOOR 
FRAME 
/ 
• 
No. 
DOCROPEW0 KENNEL 
WEBS 
RIPE 
WAT1 
PAM 
lYPE 
NATI 
REMARKS 
4'a' 
3,0 
P., 
 34. 
3.3* 
W 
H 
MI 
.. 
. 
17-W 
EV-0' 
TYPE A 
GLASS ALUM 
ALUM 
SUDING GLASS DOORS 
LEGEND 
7-0' 
U-Lr 
TYPE B 
WOOD WOOD 
WOOD 
INTERIOR WOOD DOOR 
7-0' 
B-0' 
TYPE C 
WOOD WOOD 
WOOD 
EXISTING EXTERIOR SHUTTERS TO REMAIN 
7-0' 
EV-0* 
TYPE C 
WOOD WOOD 
WOOD 
EXISTING EXTERIOR SHUTTERS TO REMAIN 
I 
I 
EXISTING WALLS TO REALAIN 
17-CP 
.. 
i 31-0* 
31.0“ t 
C•r• A 
NEW W CONC. BLOCK WALL 
HEAD HT. 
• 
— 
— 
— 1_ 
_ _ _ 
_se
HEAD HT. 
M t3": 
NEW W STONE FINISH 
• 
t -W 
BUSTING WALLS AND GUARD RAL TO BE REMOVED 
'3.
A3 
k 
1,
b, 
ile 
r:. 
FINISHED FLCOR 
= 
ALUMNI?: GLASS 
DOOR 
t— 
_ 
INTERIC: 
RAISED PANELS 
= 
= 
® 
_ 
'sr 
= 
_ 
_ 
WOOD 
EXTERIfyli 
RAISED PANELS 
PROPOSED FLOOR PLAN 
DOOR AND WINDOW SCHEDULE 
41.01 SCALE: VC= I-0" 
Kul SCALE: 1/4"= 1.4:r 
THE deJ NGH GROUP. PC 
ARCHITECTS S PLANNERS 
2200 ESTATE STAABI 
ST. TH011iali 
KITCHEN 
RENOVATION 
LITTLE ST.JAMES 
U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
PROPOSED FLOOR 
PLAN, DOOR & WINDOW 
SCHEDULES 
REVISIONS 
CRAM BY: 
CHECKED BY: 
deJCNGH 
SCALE: 
DATE 
JOB NO 
SHEET: 
Ur= I-01
2006.21 
A1.01 
EFTA00730709

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730710.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730710.pdf
----------------------------------------
60. 
?eel. 
?EMI 
?EN 
GONE 
SLOPE 
REOUIL 
OVER 
GLITTERING 
SLOPE is/ 
nesnun Rnerisal TORFIIMM 
d PO4 
°MEMO Mt Sat Iff /FT (TV) 
iTAL HP CAP 
ETAL PASH/G 
AV RODFPIG 
NOUN 
IT/FT 
cAj
li
a'
t 
gvpi 
)ROOF 
OOF 
I SPOUT 
\ 
i g 
em 
SLOPE 
MI
MATCH EXIST. 
MATCH EXIST. = 
(8)
- 
SLOPE 
1111111 
n P 
MATCH EXIST. '-' 
— 
EXISTING 
SLOPE 
SLOPE 
iw 
DJ 
IIN. 
1.(Ttai 
I SPOUT 
II I 
KW GALVA:CENG J 
USING ROWNG TO RUM 
) 
ROOF CONSTRUCTION NOTE W 
METAL CORRUGATED GAUGE GALVANIZE!) 
CORRUGATED STEEL SHEETS FASTENED "(0 
(FLAD IMDCO PURLINS WITH 68 YZ WCCO 
SCREWS. FASTEN EVERY THIRD CORRUGATION 
iff MEACH PURLS& END LAPS TO BE 
ED OVER A PURUN. SIM LAPS TO 
RCVELMEWAINggent 
S' O.C. Al.!. SCREWS TO HAVE AMIN. 1/2' 
WA HEAD &A NEOPRENE WASHER. 
ATTACH PURUNS THRU PLYWOOD DECKING 
(OR EOUALITORAFIERS WITH 2-68 X 3172' 
WOOD SCREWS. COUNTERSINK PURL INS &ORLL 
3116' DIA. HOLE THRU PURLIN & PLYV/00D. 
DRILL 3/32' DIA. LEAD HOLE INTO THE RAFTER. 
MATCH FELT PAPER. PURUNS. INSULATION & 
ROOFING WITH EXISTPIG 
PROPOSED ROOF PLAN 
SCALE: 114"= 
61.02 
THE deJ NGH GROUP. PC 
ARCHITECTS & PLANNERS 
2260 ESTATE STAABI 
ST. TH011ialli 
KITCHEN 
RENOVATION 
LITTLE ST.JAMES 
U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
PROPOSED ROOF PLAN 
AND NOTES 
REVISIONS 
DRAWN BY: 
0.0. 
CHECKED BY: 
deiCtIGH 
SCALE: 
Be= I-01
DATE 
JOB NO: 
2006.21 
SHEET: 
A1.02 
EFTA00730710

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730711.pdf
----------------------------------------
SEW METAL HP GP 
NEW METAL FLASHING 
NEW GALE. ROOMS 
GUMMIER 
SLOPE USIFT (EYR) 
GU HERM MN 
SLOPE irtnai-
EYOSMG REOFIC TO REWN, 
NEW GALE. 
GUTTEONO MN. 
OPE SIFT (PER) 
MATCH EXIST.  
iMLTCHCOST. 
SLOPE 
MATCH EOST 
III 
a 
SEW GAL': ROOFING 
EASING ROOFING TO REHM 
II 
SLOPE 
RISING 
SLOPE
EX$TNG TO REVAN 
r 
FEW RAFTERS 
OMENS 1O MAUI 
PROPOSED ROOF PLAN 
SCALE: 114"= 
PROPOSED ROOF FRAMING PLAN 
SCALE: 1/4"= l'-0' 
A1.02 
A1.02 
THE deJ NGH GROUP. PC 
ARCHITECTS & PLANNERS 
2200 ESTATE STAABI 
ST. THO 
KITCHEN 
RENOVATION 
LITTLE ST.JAMES 
U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
PROPOSED ROOF PLAN 
AND ROOF FRAMING 
PLAN 
REVISIONS 
CRAM/ BY: 
O.C. 
CHECKED BY: 
deJC.IGH 
SCALE: 
Ur= I-01
DATE 
JOB Na 
2006.21 
SHEET: 
A1.02 
EFTA00730711

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730712.pdf
----------------------------------------
at3TIRGROMIGTGREININ 
NEWROCNRGTOINTCNEXIIMNG 
EXISTNG RCORhG TO REMAIN 
NEW METAL RIDGEWTOIIATCHOOSTING 
ILWOIRCAPTOIMICHEASTfIG 
NEINRCOFING TO MATCH EXISTING 
> 
REGOLDROOF 
GJTTERNG 
CMIRROOF 
SLOPE ICOMTCH EWING -. 
1r
=> 
RERUIDROOFONER 
4.- 
ROCf 
ENSIT
NNIGTO 
—1
REI 
 — 
CD 
v 
/ 
i 
,) - 
eNSTINEEROSN g et 
CCIANNWIRIGCNC 
 Je
..-. 
og
_ 
_ 
tlI
i  
KEINSTINE 
WINIVAIDOWSNOSIUTIERS 
cl , 
NIGH 
ll 
• 
ITh 
LS 
I 
COSTINGTORDIAN 
NEWSTINEnmsli 
--4- 
_ 
t 
?.) 'i 
4...
EXISTINGTORDAIM 
NEVINXIERON 
IOIMTCHEXSTING 
NEN AODMON 
EXISTING TO REMAIN 
ELEVATION D 
t 
ELEVATION A 
SCALE: VC =1W 
SCALE: 114' =1'E' 
PROPOSED ELEVATIONS A AND D 
a .03 SCALE: 114"=1'-0" 
REWROCONGTOINTOI Emma 
EXISINGROOFINGTONINNN 
I.CW rETEL RIDGE CAP 
, 
MUNRO& DP 
MIN MOLD 
MI NEM HI P COP
DOSTNGROOFNG 
HEW PETC1. HIP CRP 
TORE MILD 
NEW CAW ROOCING 
TOIMTCHEMSTING 
I 
II 
".• 
WRENN; 
L. 
I
,-
C 
t 
• 
& 
PEW STONE FINISH 
i 
— .= 
r-) 
-) 
STONEMN 
w 
COLUMN WITH COG. 
1014— 
-- 
INFILL 
si v
C 
._ 
> 
d 
NEIVIVNERAll TO 
tr. 
? 
t 
INTCH COSTING 
..3., 
„ 
few I-PNXIIID- TO 
Ac 
— 
= 
12NSTMEANSKCCI.U1IN 
k1
en 
REY/STOP& FrIGICCUAN ci 
, 
MATCH DUSTING 
--...„--- 
i 
, 
( 
IYINIOCNCRETE NFU 
NTHCONCRETERNIL 
gli 
.0 
, \ _ 
• 
Zit '
,....> 
e 
ll i 
ii. 
I., 
>5:>
<ES 40> 
<O> 
NEINGLISSOOOR 
STONE FINISI 
' 
STONE FINISH 
sEw 
NEWADEITICH 
tew 
COSTDIGTORNAis 
ELEVATION C 
CCM F W'=1'-0T 
ELEVATION B 
SCALE: 114'. PO' 
PROPOSED ELEVATIONS B AND C 
min SCALE: 114"= 11-0" 
THE deJ NGH GROUP. PC 
ARCHITECTS & PLANNERS 
2260 ESTATE STMBI 
ST. THOllialli 
KITCHEN 
RENOVATION 
LITTLE ST.JAMES 
U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
PROPOSED ELEVATIONS 
REVISIONS 
CRAM BY: 
O.C. 
CHECKED BY: 
deJCNGH 
SCALE: 
1W= I-01
DATE 
JOB NO: 
2008.21 
SHEET: 
A1.03 
EFTA00730712

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730713.pdf
----------------------------------------
at3TINGROCEINGTOREION 
NEWROCfINGTOWTCNEXIIMNG 
EXISTNG RCORhG TO REMAIN 
NEW NEM RIDGEC/PTOIINICHEXISTNG 
1.EVOIPCOPTORAICHEASTM 
NEIN RCOFING TO MATCH EXISTING 
> 
GJTTERNG 
SLOPE ICI WAN EWING — 
I 
'V 
=> 
ENSINGTO 
4. -
c? n. 
RE.M.N —Th 
y 
— 
CD 
i 
- 
MI
WWSTCHEFNISN g et 
CCIANNW
CCNC 
Je
..-
Pr 
, 
L r 
NFU 
— 
we
HsTNE
KWY/NDOWSNOSNUTIERS 
I 
J 
GMB 
ll 
• 
..NA 
1..... 
a 
I 
l 
C 
../ 
LS 
I 
GOSTINGTOREIIAN 
NEWSTCNEnossu 
-4- 
_ 
t 
 4.. 
EMSTINGTOREMAN 
NEWACOMON 
101MTCHEXSTING 
NEN AODMON 
EGSTING TO RELINN 
ELEVATION D 
t 
ELEVATION A 
SCALE: VC =1W 
SCALE: IN' =I4' 
PROPOSED ELEVATIONS A AND D 
M.03 SCALE: 114"=1'-0" 
NEWROCCINGTOMATOI mug 
EXISINGROOFINGTOMDMM 
I.CW rETAL RIDGE CAP 
DUSTMEN& CAP 
NEW NEM M P COP
DOSTNGROOFNG 
HEW PETC1. HIP CRP 
KY/GUNROOMS 
TOJAMCNEXISTING 
II 
'.• 
GUITERM3 
II
L. 
C
t
ter STONE FINISH 
.1 
- 
y 
r-) 
-) 
STONEFNISH 
COLUMN WITH COG. 
1014- 
O
INFILL 
C 
._ 
> 
d 
NEW IWICPAIL TO 
u. 
a 
t 
, 
? 
t 
MCOI DOTING 
L3i 
JEW 1-MINIFID- TO 
,Ic 
— c. 
PEWSIMEANSNCCIMUN 
k1
en 
NEWSTOKEFINGICM.UM 9 
, 
MATCH EXISTING 
i 
_ 
_ 
( 
VITH CONCRETE NFU. 
WINCONCRETERMIL 
„, 
.0 
a 
IP 
ze 
Zit '
e 
r 
ll 
I 
ii. 
I., 
><-5>
<ES <0> 
NEWGIISSOOOR 
STONE FINISI 
STONE FINISH 
nEw 
. 
NEWADENTICH 
NEW 
COSTDIGTORNAis 
ELEVATION C 
ECM F- yr . r-er 
ELEVATION B 
SCALE: 1W = V-0' 
PROPOSED ELEVATIONS B AND C 
A1.03 SCALE: 114"= 11-0" 
THE deJ NGH GROUP. PC 
ARCHITECTS & PLANNERS 
2260 ESTATE STMBI 
ST. TH011ialli 
KITCHEN 
RENOVATION 
LITTLE ST.JAMES 
U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
PROPOSED ELEVATIONS 
REVISIONS 
CRAM BY: 
O.C. 
CHECKED BY: 
deJCNGH 
SCALE: 
1W= I-01
DATE 
JOB NO: 
2006.21 
SHEET: 
A1.03 
EFTA00730713

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730714.pdf
----------------------------------------
City et 
Santa Monica' 
SANTA MONICA POLICE DEPARTMENT 
Records Section 
Date: 8-13.10 
Incident it: 
To the Requestor 
Your report request is being returned to you. Additional information may be needed to evaluate your request in compliance 
with laws governing victim and confidentiality and criminal discovery. We are unable to provide you with the report you 
requested for the following reason(s): 
• 
K 
Based on the information you supplied, we found no record of the incident Please verify the date, time and 
location of the incident and resubmit your request. 
K 
The incident did not occur within the Jurisdiction of the Santa Monica Police Department. Please contact: 
K 
Los Angeles Police Department 
K 
Los Angeles County Sheriff 
K 
California Highway Patrol 
K 
Other: 
K 
Release of this report is restricted during investigation and/or prosecution. Please contact the. 
K 
Office of Criminal Investigations at 
K 
City Attorney Office at 
K 
Release of this report is prohibited by statute. 
K 
This report contains restricted juvenile information. Please complete the enclosed petition forms and return them to 
this department to obtain authorization from the Juvenile Court. The Juvenile Court will contact you directly 
regarding your request. 
K 
Traffic accident reports may be released only to involved parties and their representatives. Please state your 
involvement. 
The fee for police reports is $0.80 per page. A deposit of $1.60 is required for crime reports and $2.40 for 
accident reports. Your report has a total of. 
pages Your deposit covers 
pages.
Please remit S :Wend for the remaining 
- 
pages. 
(Please Return this letter with your payment) 
K 
No report was taken • 
• 
Other. 
Complete report enclosed. 
NOTE: 
To avoid delays on future requests, please observe the following: 
Requests must be made on SMPD Form #317 (available at www.santamonica.org) or on your company's 
letterhead. 
Requests must state the name of the party you represent. 
Requests must include written authonzation from your client consenting to the re'ease of police reports 
Requests must be signed be the requestor. 
H you submitted a deposit with your reauest Weise call 
to make arranooments for a refund. 
Santa Monica Police Department Records Section 
SMPO Form IF135 (mond 3170/100/) 
By: J.MacklIn 
Serial Number 
EFTA00730714
--- PAGE 2 ---
SANTA MONICA POLICE DEPARTMENT 
CRIME REPORT 
7. Oa • nano 
DS-7-o-9
Rea Maros' 
It 
F-LA 
bona alh Mane moo in Dawn reavided. Lawson, noon lo wyeactron: V-2 Victim W-1 antraa an, niparera paw. 
IT. WAS THERE A WRYNESS TO THE CRIME? 
IS 
20. tea 
Si,. and 
Alentlywg marks and charectortescfs 
wrnm0 NAPS,  Neu name. Mainalfl motor at  NO onIT) 
22. WAS A SUSPECT A 
22. CAN A SUSPECT WE ILOASEOT 
! 2l. CAN A SUSPECT BE LOCATED? 
XI. CAN A SUSPECT SE DESCREIED7 
it ialonvabon Ptoweitl 
Rain 
w 
Rea Attar•44 
BYA AO3raw 
.t 
LW? 
Carol 
! Cathay 
Ocaudatof 
Idefatong reetG ton.1 chaacterraca (ff arrestedi watoecTs WI netia7 Wawa nordar and Ns oniy.) 
ASP. 
Ream 
I Weschl 
Hu 
eye. 
caw 
0oRtno 
—Net AOtnon 
Re. Phone 
SOL 
IF NO PLACE AN X IN SOX 
Bus. Para 
Sat Race Ave 
IP NONE PLACE AN X *SOX 
IF NO PLACE AN X N SOX 
IF NO PLACE ANSON SOX 
IF NO PLACE AN X 04 SOX 
I 
O. CAN A SUSPECT SE fixamrtart 
IF NOPLACE AN X IN SOX
21. CAN THE SUSPECT meat BE tournmin 
IF NO PUCE AN X IN SOX , 
Po 
vOide 
mSi.. boa, ator zoom 
any odMr w.ntfrnp EMWS 
±I 
ILI 
. 
-ndIec 
1—OefreIer— In tereeteer
-S . 
, ge—eqe.--/e. 
I 31, \Acorn s Vervor — Year masa 
coi 
h 
/ 
32. WAS THE 
IF NO PJAcE AN X IN BOX 
a
I.
pl 
&D 
=
I 
I 
Time
35. Mondani armor 
37. Nate of (Nary 
f 
! 31. IS THE STOLEN PROPERTY TPA wrAPLI FT 
IF NO PLACE AN If IN BOX 17‹)
35), Type of Property Taw 
wi 1 
-4/0 ,116 
NI Lawson of Property on Primp 
..A.2 / 4
41. Amount of Loa 
0410.die 
5.M Eat) 
Bin Wilma? 
trp wa IMAM AMIN SOX 
I
DIA 
:Mr, 
43. Tricketerks 
Unusual roatuno toftMle tut ot Vr, ©t to nom Ike vow oo at 
4,••7-a -faringe—,
St re 0 ,5frlei AS e< ree, /26$ 
, 
A/ 
Weans* s.cce-67a, 
-46,A€14"/ 0  pee,e4v4- 4.400 e._---""-
• 44. 
of Rennes 
lo Cron Entry 
of VoNspon. inavown or 
. 
woe 
I 
yp• 
X I 47. 14 Otasowohnentee rPratatiet 
Looted 
r•Egr No 0 
Taft' No 7 
O. Pam of Entry 
. 
50. TT Arun 
Ygis 2r
Sinai • two 
instated Awns 
$ 
51. 1w. But cw Units Paned 
Persons Cantonal 
.- 
rant 
of En 
S3 Fay ft  mow 
Fan Oil mum 
Q
_,.., 
-.1/4) 
N.1 
54. 03 THERE SIONIFICANT PIMEICAL EVIDENCE PRESORT 
IF I40 PLACE AN X IN SOX I •S 
k." 
CI 55. HAS AN IDENTIFICATION TECHNICIAN SEEM INVOLVED/ 
IF NO PLACE AN
Ce 
5. 
IL/ I 56- &stencil -num& Mt* or Nol 14 yin. Wont • or Peon Noosed b 
4/00 
37. NNW) 
Yea° TIV 
IS THERE A SIONIFICJUO REASON TO SOAVE THAT CRIME MAY SE SOLOED? 
IF NO PLACE AN X IN SOX I 
cl 
%nano Once Anomni•nos 
6o On T. 
er.. Saporwoorliewtny 
CZ at 13wesu SoneofwaS.S0 
LU I 
015a Rev. SiFy. F/U 
I 
TANG No2:15 
C Canna. 55 WILL CFO, ow Up 
Conan 7 OER 0 Follow Us 
f 
yu Si. Worm Firponing 
CC 
et 
b5-217/17/rteet, 
SA. Suppmwr ACOOLing 
Sent No. 
SS On A Ise SOAPS 
I 
El 
EFTA00730715
--- PAGE 3 ---
•
/
rt it71.0i -47 • /6 }`O 
Classification
ax 
 FA 7rele-Y 
DR No._ 
..... 
477--- S SV46 
D,,, 
or --2o-97 AT /‘9-0 wozesS x - Seksie e...7.7-7, eaerte_97A/4 
ae-r -P 
Ar Ai. 4:1_ , 
S 
-(2 -0.16-riescrac0 Olonia 
c•Apie6-N/ A.1, 7* 
altb,mccy 
,or,%) 
OS- - C-97 
agietetY 
fritr 
delceeokhliAlt66Y /$tO /voldeS 06•Aaee 
efoova ioicF Ssfe, 7--
it/.0 7)91- _-St,  
_4/1.0 Athrecle-60_4 eeetiaa€7- o,..} 
fl
-/3- 97 
yin -  4.aineo 70 
DO JO ftiev0 
SA/0 -771147- 0-.? os ---- /z- c?7 4 r -  Pe're A/eue/e,5 s,ye 
ME-7"" 17re 
SWSPOcr; 
a 
i r-e-C /4 SoDzocla 
/Anz-oeWerec.) 
. 
. 
S!/0 72#9472>ae/A/4" 116 Avreet/lap 
7Zie-0 
Aerie 70- ezA/zeeerst /44/0 
/ 1c-7244744-7 ASS/27-60 
/MP& 70 Da ;0 
/4)A/e, 
(4 )/,1( /  ie-e.4 r 
A 
/12/1
re 
,11/4/1006 
Pull icy'? A SecoA/D !I
Sli0 
≤,eoP6,0 gee 
ran -DoeS 4c4frv-sr --
4/E-,e, Ea?, 
4O///46" 4c-nAla* AS 77leviall #6 sane Sfr-464,177Ar4 
Mg.< 
goo y 
Sine sire 41//7-Afee-y Ain
-  
n‘i 4 1,a2/4- 97 
7A0-eweePir A "murerAe...- errede 4 I 0 
, 
5,i/o 
7a L!) Woe DirSalc6 - Si/e /SA MODEL-;
.c#6 Sieeteee 4/96 
&ICC, W 
esr.r.e.fit6 
afoiek 
a
. 
i 
evn -7/ 
v/07v/eo,c Seed&cr -  eATALoare
Sehe StfE dO//on/a9
, 
va9 
Ar -- ecinedst MI diedge 
\-••• 
Q'6
0Dieot 04 
6) 
/./. 
" 
t-,1 
op
e60 
__
,A/0 
__ 
/Moe, 70 
SE,vQ9 sovite ,D/C7facc.-S o% nerie-M4vc a
4;, 
EN 
Supervisor Approving 
Serial No. 
Meer Reporting 
e, tuil/roz-eie 
Illit—
EFTA00730716
--- PAGE 4 ---
SANTA MONICA POLICE DEPARTMENT 
CONTINUATION REPORT 
( FIELD ) - FORM SMPD 591 
1. Booking Number 
2. Page Number 
.3.3  
3. DR Num0,_ , g,e55/.6,
ITEM 
NO. 
.54/0 S#6 //e..e0,4*-6, hse- 
desin/ Pi/ 07V Se-Sr/c),-) 
. 
Avo ,fr-e9
6,5!f, OCrAeloKs 
_s•E-Ges-- - 7 — a.em/y, G.4,4 -6-,V 
/,../ 111E 
00/C.7Wee'S . 
.57, 6 
c.4/0 J'#6 17E") ,e-PeAfc- eXi9..
.-J316r, V/541-
-0 
. 
/f 1---
S.4 49 
- 
Ze-e.
/1/60 Ike ‘4,140.7Z5.5 .er,/,05--0-' 
4A,e2 
.0.1'eft/86, 
4/Gk,'. / 4.c*YA/4" 77::, .62.`,9T /YES  
Aw/a 7a6-0 
, 
,4,87e_ Vher--- Ala ,sc....e.g77(5/ • eiA9az-d9 Ce>ever;fr--7-
04/6re• /WO ze,s/e 
/PA/ 
ive,Wev,/7146./7—, 
S4/0 ,..S#6 ,e6e-e-Wge9 13'6- Coa- dC,20A1- AlMeeR.4.-X 
4,1 
Os--- /2-9 7 ,fr- efleh,  Aloaxs -f-vo e...ws 4-a/ .".),r clate.
,0 -
77me-s rc, A46-6-7— 
Ar- S.Ya7-ASCS • 
/7"le‹. /5TO 6,2 
/ 
/8-16 Awes. 
.54/42 -Afar- _,T, 
5-7ite-7B-47 Afr/A/4 ,etse-Se7eiwel7e,vS dezei-j 
we (x6e-77,./4. 
.615C-Aze(Ce 
n/gese./...Y. ..27v7-crieWe-tczc ,s,-. 
„./ .0 7—
froniDeze-7-e-e , /,../ /96,7-
e... /2e760,K 
, 
$wo -72,0•77--,oWce /"15-4O 
7-1,  
/7/47Ve- Roa.-PL 40/7-76 
. .V/6 zaiS• Ilia/ S/ .eE 
e)x- 6-46'74'62, &le L—os SASE 
3:' -
e-erkeSE 
AG77Aoe1411 ,lee A..i.kv7-€-C 775 e4A4r) .72,6. TeX' ALS 4 
Aollec., tn/ V/c-Teez4r5 .560e-6-77:0477/coG, 
ca'/ 
, -.6-e--,1-ArS 
/740&64' 
4145 /477a4.6O77,74- 72> ,4"6-7--.144C -r0 i/Cfr— A.) , 
.6,1 
11.Alate-E.C/o•VAL...- Acf.A/A/6.<. Fta/..4/)Eo.0
.- , 
-C,00 -73,A7- 47 es-ve " 5/A/7-- 
- 
- 
.s.e-,-6, ive-4-
-6 
Gwae6--S-4 4 
Sr-cevv,0 774f. 
-77e, 
Ac..:74rAce..y vISS/ST*9 At/e? 8Y 
A 
/, /4 /16e .0411456 140  An/e) tazeaki4 ,s/die S.4-/. ey-ez Ate‘,cepAAI 
//e•e_ ged77-pe.es 
W//e- 
_CA Y/n4f de.&7Afie, .41,inacwie
- _se& ra,c A 
,cc&wc. " 
Trrrn vALUE 
..... 
..111.1 
41.1.1. 
/4. .M.1(11115) 44,0.r ,... 
4,4 the. 
/.
// 7"0
-Za<.. 
Z6*'
; 7/ 
Ai. ruin 
ett*Itorm pm. 
• Al
EFTA00730717

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730718.pdf
----------------------------------------
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Original Message ----
From: Jack Goldberger 
To: Gerald Lefcourt 
;Jack Goldberger 
>reffre e stein 
Sent: Wednesday, June 25, 2008 2:04:22 PM 
Subject: pardon ammunition 
For use in the future, when I advised Barry Krischer of the terms of the 
plea for Jeffrey his comment was "only the Feds can extract this kind of 
plea" Lana was present 
The unsaid was that this was more then he felt necessary. I send this 
to memorialize this comment for potential pardon use in the future 
Dear Roy and Jack: 
I am just writing to re-state that it is the Government's position that we have a signed, binding agreement 
and that there is no need for further modification. 
Please keep us informed of the date and time of the change of plea and sentencing. 
Thank you. 
EFTA00730718

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730719.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730719.pdf
----------------------------------------
St. James Cut 
©:\ 
NORTH 
LOCATION OF 
DEVELOPMENT 
3.2 
C,=T BRASS B 
C 
f• AUXIU.Iltt 
CCM INTAKE 
* 
* 
-S 
* 
Par CE 
ti(
Ie
THE deJ NGH GROUP. PC 
ARCHITECTS 8 PLANNERS 
2200 ESTATE STAABI 
ST. THOMAS. USVI 00802 
PH. 340.774.8036 
KITCHEN 
RENOVATION 
LITTLE ST.JAMES 
U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DRAWN BY: 
REVISIONS 
O.C. 
CHECKED BY: 
deJONGH 
SCALE: 
DATE: 
JOB NO 
SHEET: 
1'=30-0' 
C1.01 
EFTA00730719

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730720.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730720.pdf
----------------------------------------
rig 
English 9 
j
• 
Paper Assign meat 2 
Youi next paper assignment has two parts: 
: ! 
I Thei tint part will require a bit of imagination. Your task is 
on myth. Your myth can be in the form of a story (as ifs
(as it is on pages 134-135 of the Achebe excerpt from 
mpediments). A story should be at least two pages. A 
nepage. Use the helpful information that Achebe provide* 
• • 
• e 
.8thskley 
110.01.09 
mint and write a 
tenesis) or a 
and 
be at leas/ 
Creation myths are "supernatural stories which man 
it to explain the 
i 
problems and mysteries of life and death—his attem to make sense of 
: 
the bewildering complexity of existence" (134). 
i 5: 
• 
A repeated word or phrase goes to "the very heart" 
i L.,
ilun s purpose. 
Such a word or phrase "is shouted like making a long{ 
thee call when 
the line is faulty or in bad weather. You shout your eaa 
ge and repeat it 
' i
• again and again just to make sure" (135). 
• •"Most creation myths would seem to suggest the ante : 
Ice of stories—a 
; I scenario in which the story was already unfolding in `thec&smos before, 
il ; end even as a result of which, man came into being" tli2p 
.. Such stories validate "social organizations, political *Cells, moral 
' ! 
attitudes, and religious beliefs, even ... prejudices" or* 
.!ean 
"consolidate gains" and "sanction change" (163).
2. The second part of your assignment, which is analytical, should lsjat.least two 
pages. This will be a comparative "reading" (or interpretation M our creation 
myth and the one in Genesis (focus on chapters 1-3). Agaixt 
 ;Achebe as a 
guide, you should compare and contrast: 
• ? 
• e 
:•i•
• 
the "problems and mysteries" they seek to explain 0.1 
a
• the use of repetition 
K r ,; 
• 
the morals, beliefs, political systems, and/or prejudice ihki validate (or 
challenge) 
t 
; 1 
.1 
Your analysis should have an introduction (with a thesis) andid cittehaion. We 
will review what makes a good thesis in class. 
• 
:it 
For help and more information, refer to the Eandouu-2treatictivlythiC 
and Themes." Have a draft ready for my eyes to gaze upo 
— 
THREE TO FIVE PAGES, TYPED, DOUBLE-SP:1 
DUE DATE: THURSDAY, OCTOBER STIP 
si 
• 1 
; 
EFTA00730720

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730721.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 1 of 82 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
L.M., 
Plaintiff 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
CASE NO: 09-CV-81092-Cohn-Seltzer 
FILED by  VT  D.C. 
ELECTRONC 
July 24, 2009 
STEVEN M. LARIMORE 
CLERK U.S. DIST. CT. 
S.D. OF FLA. • MIAMI 
COMPLAINT AND DEMAND FOR JURY TRIAL 
Plaintiff, L.M., hereby sues the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and states as follows: 
1. At all times material to this cause of action, L.M.., was a resident of Palm 
Beach County, Florida. 
2. This Complaint is brought under a fictitious name to protect the identity of 
L.M., because this Complaint makes sensitive allegations of sexual assault and abuse 
of a then-minor. 
3. At all times material to this cause of action, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, had a 
mansion located at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida. 
4. At all times materials to this cause of action, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, was 
an adult male born in 1953. 
5. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, is currently a citizen of the State of Florida. This 
is substantiated by the residence that he maintains at 358 El Brillo Way, West Palm 
Beach, Florida where he spends the majority of his time, and intentions to remain at 
that address permanently are further evidenced by his statements to the Court during 
Page 1 of 234 
I of 234 
EFTA00730721
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 2 of 82 
his State Plea colloquy on June 30, 2008, case number 06CF009454AMB, taken before 
the Honorable Judge Dale Pucillo, wherein he indicated that after his release from the 
Palm Beach County Jail he intends to reside permanently at his home at 358 El Brillo 
Way, West Palm Beach, Florida, and he plans to work in West Palm Beach, Florida as 
well. 
6. This Court has jurisdiction of this action and the claims set forth herein 
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255. L.M. seeks damages in excess of 1 million dollars. 
7. This Court has venue of this action pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1391(b), as a 
substantial part of the events giving rise to the claims occurred in this District. 
STATEMENT OF FACTS 
8. 
Upon information and belief, the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, has 
demonstrated a sexual preference and obsession for minor girls. 
9. 
The Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, developed a plan, scheme, and criminal 
enterprise that included an elaborate system wherein the then-minor L.M. was brought 
to the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's residence by the Defendant's employees, recruiters, 
and assistants. When the assistants and employees left the then-minor L.M. (and, on 
some occasions, other minor girls) alone in a room at the Defendant's mansion, the 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, himself would appear, remove his clothing, and direct the 
then-minor L.M. to remove her clothing. He would then perform one or more lewd, 
lascivious, and sexual acts, including, but not limited to, masturbation, touching of the 
then minor Plaintiffs sexual organs, coercing or forcing the then-minor L.M. to perform 
oral sex on him, using vibrators or sexual toys on the then-minor L.M., coercing the 
Page 2 of 234 
201 234 
EFTA00730722
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 3 of 82 
then-minor L.M. into sexual acts with himself or others, and digitally penetrating the 
then-minor L.M.. He would then pay L.M. for engaging in this sexual activity. 
10. 
L.M. was first brought to the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's mansion in 2002 
when she was a fourteen-year old in middle school. 
11. 
The then-minor L.M. was a vulnerable child without adequate parental 
support at all times material to this Complaint. The Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, a 
wealthy financier with a lavish home, significant wealth, and a network of assistants and 
employees, used his resources and his influence over a vulnerable minor child to 
engage in a systematic pattern of sexually exploitive behavior. 
12. Beginning in approximately August 2002 and continuing until approximately 
the end of October 2005, the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, repeatedly coerced, induced 
and/or enticed the impressionable, vulnerable, and economically deprived then-minor 
L.M. to commit various acts of sexual misconduct and sexually abused L.M. These acts 
included, but were not limited to, fondling and inappropriate and illegal sexual touching 
of the then-minor L.M., forcing the then-minor L.M. into oral sex, sexual misconduct and 
masturbation of the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, in the presence of the then-minor L.M., 
handling and fondling of the then-minor L.M.'s sexual organs for the purpose of 
masturbation, and encouraging the then-minor L.M. to become involved in prostitution; 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed, and conspired with others to commit, numerous 
criminal sexual offenses against the then minor Plaintiff including, but not limited to, 
sexual battery, solicitation of prostitution, coercing a minor into a life of prostitution, and 
lewd and lascivious assaults upon the person of the then-minor L.M. Defendant Jeffrey 
Page 3 of 234 
301 234 
EFTA00730723
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 4 of 82 
Epstein knowingly transported L.M. and other minors in interstate commerce with the 
intent that the L.M. engage in prostitution and in other sexual activity for which he and 
others could be charged with criminal offenses. 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein also 
knowingly used means of interstate commerce to knowing persuade and induce minors, 
including L.M., to engage in prostitution and other sexual activity for which he and 
others could be charged with criminal offenses. 
13. 
In addition to the direct sexual abuse and molestation of the then-minor 
L.M., Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, instructed, coerced and otherwise induced the then-
minor L.M. to bring him numerous other minor girls (some as young at 12 years old) for 
the purposes of further satisfying his deviant sexual attraction to minors and for 
purposes of prostitution. On information and belief, Epstein sexually abused hundreds 
of minor girls through his recruiting system. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, used his 
money, wealth and power to unduly and improperly manipulate and influence the then-
minor L.M. to bring him these other minor girls for purposes of prostitution and in 
exchange for money. This influence led the then-minor L.M. away from the life of a 
middle school aged child and into a delinquent lifestyle. This conduct also involved 
transporting L.M.. and other minors in interstate commerce and using means of 
interstate commerce, to persuade and induce L.M. and others to engage in prostitution 
and in other sexual activity for which he and others could be charged with criminal 
offenses. 
14. The Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, at all times material to this Complaint, knew 
and should have known of L.M.'s minority. The Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, at all times 
Page 4 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730724
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 5 of 82 
material to this Complaint, knew and should have know of the minority of the other girls 
he was sexually abusing 
15. 
The acts referenced above in paragraphs 10 through 14, committed by 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, against the then-minor Plaintiff L.M. were committed in 
violation of numerous State criminal statutes condemning the sexual exploitation of 
minor children, prostitution and prostitution-related offenses, sexual performances by a 
child, lewd and lascivious assaults, sexual battery, contributing to the delinquency of a 
minor and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those criminal offenses 
outlined in Chapters 794, 800, 827 and 847 of the Florida Statutes, as well as those 
designated in Florida Statutes §796.03, §796.07, §796.045, §796.04, §796.09, §39.01, 
and §827.04. 
16. 
The acts reference above in paragraphs 10 through 15, committed by 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, against the then-Minor Plaintiff L.M. were committed in 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not 
limited to, those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
17. The crimes committed against L.M. by Epstein were committed, on average, 
four times per month from the beginning of August 2002 through the end of October 
2005, the exact dates being unknown to L.M.. 
Page 5 of 234 
Sot 234 
EFTA00730725
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 6 of 82 
18. 
In June 2008, after investigations by the Palm Beach Police Department, 
the Palm Beach State Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the 
United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida, Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, entered pleas of "guilty" to various Florida state crimes involving the solicitation 
of minors for prostitution and the procurement of minors for the purposes of prostitution 
in the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in the Palm Beach County, Florida. Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, is in the same position as if he had been tried and convicted of the sexual 
offenses committed against Plaintiff and, as such, must admit liability unto Plaintiff, 
Jane Doe No. 101. In this action, Plaintiff hereby exclusively seeks civil remedies 
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255. 
19. As a condition of his plea, and in exchange for the Federal Government not 
prosecuting the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, for numerous federal offenses, Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, additionally entered into an agreement with the Federal Government to 
the following: "Any person, who while a minor, was a victim of an offense enumerated in 
Title 18, United States Code, Section 2255, will have the same rights to proceed under 
section 2255 as she would have had, if Mr. Epstein had been tried federally and 
convicted of an enumerated offense. For purposes of implementing this paragraph, the 
United States shall provide Mr. Epstein's attorneys with a list of individuals whom it was 
prepared to name in an indictment as victims of an enumerated offense by Mr. Epstein. 
Any judicial authority interpreting this provision, including any authority determining 
evidentiary burdens if any a Plaintiff must meet, shall consider that it is the intent of the 
parties to place these identified victims in the same position as they would have been 
Page 6 of 234 
Got 234 
EFTA00730726
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 7 of 82 
had Mr. Epstein been convicted at trial. No more; no less." Plaintiff L.M. is covered by 
this paragraph and entitled to rights under this paragraph. 
20. The defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, is thus estopped by his plea and agreement 
with the Federal Government from denying the acts alleged in this Complaint, and must 
effectively admit liability to the Plaintiff, L.M., including admitting liability for all counts 
enumerated in this Complaint. Plaintiff L.M. is entitled to damages, as further alleged 
below, including damages as provided in 18 U.S.C. § 2255, as amended by Pub. L. 
109-248, Title VII, § 707(b) and (c), 120 Stat. 650. 
COUNT 1 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
August 2002 — Incident 1 
21. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
22. 
On or about August 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
Page 7 of 234 
70' 234 
EFTA00730727
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 8 of 82 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
23. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
24. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 2 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
August 2002 — Incident 2 
25. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 8 of 234 
SOS 234 
EFTA00730728
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 9 of 82 
26. 
On or about August 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
27. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 9 of 234 
tot 234 
EFTA00730729
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 10 of 82 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
28. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 3 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
August 2002 — Incident 3 
29. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
30. 
On or about August 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
Page 10 of 234 
0234 
EFTA00730730
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 11 of 82 
31. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
32. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 4 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
August 2002 - Incident 4 
33. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
34. 
On or about August 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
Page 11 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730731
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 12 of 82 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
35. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
Page 12 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730732
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 13 of 82 
36. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 5 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
September 2002 — Incident 1 
37. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
38. 
On or about September 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
39. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
Page 13 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730733
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 14 of 82 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
40. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 6 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
September 2002 — Incident 2 
41. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
42. 
On or about September 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
Page 14 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730734
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 15 of 82 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
43. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
44. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
Page 15 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730735
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 16 of 82 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 7 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
September 2002 — Incident 3 
45. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
46. 
On or about September 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
47. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
Page 16 of 234 
1601230 
EFTA00730736
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 17 of 82 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
48. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 8 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
September 2002 - Incident 4 
49. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
50. 
On or about September 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
Page 17 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730737
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 18 of 82 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
51. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
52. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Page 18 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730738
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 19 of 82 
COUNT 9 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
October 2002 - Incident 1 
53. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
54. 
On or about October 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
55. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
Page 19 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730739
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 20 of 82 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
56. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorneys fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 10 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
October 2002 - Incident 2 
57. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
58. 
On or about October 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
Page 20 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730740
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 21 of 82 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
59. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
60. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 11 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
Page 21 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730741
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 22 of 82 
October 2002 — Incident 3 
61. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
62. 
On or about October 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
63. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
Page 22 of 234 
41230 
EFTA00730742
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 23 of 82 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
64. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 12 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
October 2002 - Incident 4 
65. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
66. 
On or about October 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
Page 23 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730743
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 24 of 82 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
67. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
68. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 13 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. S 2255 
November 2002 - Incident 1 
69. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 24 of 234 
Of 230 
EFTA00730744
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 25 of 82 
70. 
On or about November 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
71. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 25 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730745
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 26 of 82 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
72. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 14 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
November 2002 - Incident 2 
73. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
74. 
On or about November 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
Page 26 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730746
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 27 of 82 
75. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
76. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 15 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
November 2002 — Incident 3 
77. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
78. 
On or about November 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
Page 27 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730747
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 28 of 82 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
79. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
Page 28 of 234 
Of 234 
EFTA00730748
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 29 of 82 
80. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 16 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
November 2002 - Incident 4 
81. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
82. 
On or about November 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
83. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
Page 29 of 234 
2941230 
EFTA00730749
--- PAGE 30 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 30 of 82 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
84. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 17 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
2255 
December 2002 - Incident 1 
85. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
86. 
On or about December 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
Page 30 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730750
--- PAGE 31 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 31 of 82 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
87. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
88. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
Page 31 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730751
--- PAGE 32 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 32 of 82 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 18 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2255 
December 2002 - Incident 2 
89. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
90. 
On or about December 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
91. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
Page 32 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730752
--- PAGE 33 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 33 of 82 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
92. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 19 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 6 2255 
December 2002 — Incident 3 
93. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
94. 
On or about December 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
Page 33 of 234 
3341230 
EFTA00730753
--- PAGE 34 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 34 of 82 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
95. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
96. 
Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Page 34 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730754
--- PAGE 35 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 35 of 82 
COUNT 20 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 6 2255 
December 2002 — Incident 4 
97. 
Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
98. 
On or about December 2002, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
99. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
Page 35 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730755
--- PAGE 36 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 36 of 82 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
100. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 21 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 6 2255 
January 2003 — Incident 1 
101. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
102. On or about January 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
Page 36 of 234 
%41230 
EFTA00730756
--- PAGE 37 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 37 of 82 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
103. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
104. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 22 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
Page 37 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730757
--- PAGE 38 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 38 of 82 
January 2003 — Incident 2 
105. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
106. On or about January 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
107. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
Page 38 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730758
--- PAGE 39 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 39 of 82 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
108. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 23 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
January 2003 - Incident 3 
109. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
110. On or about January 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
Page 39 of 234 
01234 
EFTA00730759
--- PAGE 40 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 40 of 82 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
111. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
112. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 24 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
January 2003 — Incident 4 
113. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 40 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730760
--- PAGE 41 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 41 of 82 
114. On or about January 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
115. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 41 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730761
--- PAGE 42 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 42 of 82 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
116. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 25 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
February 2003 — Incident 1 
117. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
118. On or about February 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
Page 42 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730762
--- PAGE 43 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 43 of 82 
119. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
120. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 26 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 6 2255 
February 2003 - Incident 2 
121. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
122. On or about February 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
Page 43 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730763
--- PAGE 44 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 44 of 82 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
123. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
Page 44 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730764
--- PAGE 45 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 45 of 82 
124. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 27 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
February 2003 — Incident 3 
125. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
126. On or about February 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
127. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
Page 45 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730765
--- PAGE 46 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 46 of 82 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
128. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 28 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. S 2255 
February 2003 — Incident 4 
129. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
130. On or about February 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
Page 46 of 234 
4641234 
EFTA00730766
--- PAGE 47 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 47 of 82 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
131. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
132. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
Page 47 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730767
--- PAGE 48 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 48 of 82 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 29 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 6 2255 
March 2003 — Incident 1 
133. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
134. On or about March 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
135. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
Page 48 of 234 
01 234 
EFTA00730768
--- PAGE 49 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 49 of 82 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
136. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 30 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
March 2003 — Incident 2 
137. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
138. On or about March 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
Page 49 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730769
--- PAGE 50 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 50 of 82 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
139. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
140. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Page 50 of 234 
Of 234 
EFTA00730770
--- PAGE 51 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 51 of 82 
COUNT 31 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
March 2003 — Incident 3 
141. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
142. On or about March 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
143. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
Page 51 of 234 
SI Of 230 
EFTA00730771
--- PAGE 52 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 52 of 82 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
144. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 32 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
March 2003 — Incident 4 
145. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
146. On or about March 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
Page 52 of 234 
01234 
EFTA00730772
--- PAGE 53 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 53 of 82 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
147. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
148. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 33 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
Page 53 of 234 
01234 
EFTA00730773
--- PAGE 54 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 54 of 82 
April 2003 — Incident 1 
149. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
150. On or about April 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
151. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
Page 54 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730774
--- PAGE 55 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 55 of 82 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
152. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 34 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
April 2003 — Incident 2 
153. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
154. On or about April 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Page 55 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730775
--- PAGE 56 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 56 of 82 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
155. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
156. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 35 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
April 2003 — Incident 3 
157. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 56 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730776
--- PAGE 57 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 57 of 82 
158. On or about April 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
159. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 57 of 234 
01234 
EFTA00730777
--- PAGE 58 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 58 of 82 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
160. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 36 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
April 2003 — Incident 4 
161. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
162. On or about April 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
Page 58 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730778
--- PAGE 59 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 59 of 82 
163. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
164. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 37 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
May 2003 - Incident 1 
165. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
166. On or about May 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
Page 59 of 234 
5901230 
EFTA00730779
--- PAGE 60 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 60 of 82 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
167. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
Page 60 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730780
--- PAGE 61 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 61 of 82 
168. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 38 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
May 2003 - Incident 2 
169. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
170. On or about Mayl 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
171. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
Page 61 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730781
--- PAGE 62 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 62 of 82 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
172. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 39 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2255 
May 2003 — Incident 3 
173. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
174. On or about May 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
Page 62 of 234 
01234 
EFTA00730782
--- PAGE 63 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 63 of 82 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
175. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
176. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
Page 63 of 234 
6341230 
EFTA00730783
--- PAGE 64 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 64 of 82 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 40 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. G 2255 
May 2003 - Incident 4 
177. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
178. On or about May 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
179. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
Page 64 of 234 
Of 234 
EFTA00730784
--- PAGE 65 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 65 of 82 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
180. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 41 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
June 2003 - Incident 1 
181. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
182. On or about June 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
Page 65 of 234 
01234 
EFTA00730785
--- PAGE 66 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 66 of 82 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
183. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
184. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Page 66 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730786
--- PAGE 67 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 67 of 82 
COUNT 42 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. S 2255 
June 2003 — Incident 2 
185. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
186. On or about June 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
187. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
Page 67 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730787
--- PAGE 68 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 68 of 82 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
188. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 43 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
June 2003 — Incident 3 
189. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
190. On or about June 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
Page 68 of 234 
Of 234 
EFTA00730788
--- PAGE 69 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 69 of 82 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
191. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
192. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 44 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2255 
Page 69 of 234 
41230 
EFTA00730789
--- PAGE 70 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 70 of 82 
June 2003 - Incident 4 
193. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
194. On or about June 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
195. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
Page 70 of 234 
1001234 
EFTA00730790
--- PAGE 71 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 71 of 82 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
196. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 45 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
July 2003 — Incident 1 
197. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
198. On or about July 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Page 71 of 234 
TI of 230 
EFTA00730791
--- PAGE 72 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 72 of 82 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
199. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
200. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 46 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
July 2003 — Incident 2 
201. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 72 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730792
--- PAGE 73 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 73 of 82 
202. On or about July 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
203. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 73 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730793
--- PAGE 74 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 74 of 82 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
204. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 47 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
July 2003 - Incident 3 
205. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
206. On or about July 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
Page 74 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730794
--- PAGE 75 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 75 of 82 
207. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
208. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 48 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
July 2003 — Incident 4 
209. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
210. On or about July 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
Page 75 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730795
--- PAGE 76 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 76 of 82 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
211. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
Page 76 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730796
--- PAGE 77 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 77 of 82 
212. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 49 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
August 2003 - Incident 1 
213. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
214. On or about August 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
215. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
Page 77 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730797
--- PAGE 78 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 78 of 82 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
216. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 50 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
August 2003 - Incident 2 
217. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
218. On or about August 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
Page 78 of 234 
n of 234 
EFTA00730798
--- PAGE 79 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 79 of 82 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
219. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
220. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
Page 79 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730799
--- PAGE 80 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 80 of 82 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 51 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. S 2255 
August 2003 — Incident 3 
221. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
222. On or about August 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
223. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
Page 80 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730800
--- PAGE 81 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 81 of 82 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
224. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 52 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
August 2003 - Incident 4 
225. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
226. On or about August 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
Page 81 of 234 
SI of 230 
EFTA00730801
--- PAGE 82 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 82 of 82 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
227. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
228. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Page 82 of 234 
Pa of 234 
EFTA00730802

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730803.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 1 of 79 
COUNT 53 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
September 2003 — Incident 1 
229. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
230. On or about September 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
231. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
Page 83 of 234 
$3 of 234 
EFTA00730803
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 2 of 79 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
232. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 54 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
September 2003 — Incident 2 
233. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
234. On or about September 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
Page 84 of 234 
41234 
EFTA00730804
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 3 of 79 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
235. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
236. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 55 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
Page 85 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730805
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 4 of 79 
September 2003 - Incident 3 
237. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
238. On or about September 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
239. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
Page 86 of 234 
01234 
EFTA00730806
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 5 of 79 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
240. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 56 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. & 2255 
September 2003 — Incident 4 
241. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
242. On or about September 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
Page 87 of 234 
8141234 
EFTA00730807
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 6 of 79 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
243. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
244. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 57 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
October 2003 — Incident 1 
245. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 88 of 234 
$8 of 234 
EFTA00730808
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 7 of 79 
246. On or about October 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
247. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 89 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730809
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 8 of 79 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
248. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 58 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2255 
October 2003 - Incident 2 
249. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
250. On or about October 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
Page 90 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730810
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 9 of 79 
251. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
252. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 59 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
October 2003 — Incident 3 
253. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
254. On or about October 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
Page 91 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730811
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 10 of 79 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
255. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
Page 92 of 234 
of 230 
EFTA00730812
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 11 of 79 
256. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 60 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ti 2255 
October 2003 — Incident 4 
257. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
258. On or about October 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
259. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
Page 93 of 234 
9341230 
EFTA00730813
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 12 of 79 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
260. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 61 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 6 2255 
November 2003 - Incident 1 
261. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
262. On or about November 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
Page 94 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730814
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 13 of 79 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
263. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
264. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
Page 95 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730815
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 14 of 79 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 62 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 6 2255 
November 2003 — Incident 2 
265. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
266. On or about November 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
267. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
Page 96 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730816
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 15 of 79 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
268. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 63 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
November 2003 — Incident 3 
269. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
270. On or about November 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
Page 97 of 234 
of 234 
EFTA00730817
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 16 of 79 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
271. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
272. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Page 98 of 234 
01230 
EFTA00730818
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 17 of 79 
COUNT 64 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
2255 
November 2003 — Incident 4 
273. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
274. On or about November 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
275. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
Page 99 of 234 
9941230 
EFTA00730819
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 18 of 79 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
276. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 65 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
December 2003 — Incident 1 
277. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
278. On or about December 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
Page 100 of 234 
100 01234 
EFTA00730820
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 19 of 79 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
279. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
280. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 66 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
Page 101 of 234 
101 01 234 
EFTA00730821
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 20 of 79 
December 2003 — Incident 2 
281. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
282. On or about December 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
283. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
Page 102 of 234 
102 01 234 
EFTA00730822
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 21 of 79 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to eam income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
284. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 67 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
December 2003 — Incident 3 
285. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
286. On or about December 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
Page 103 of 234 
103 01 234 
EFTA00730823
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 22 of 79 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
287. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
288. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 68 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 6 2255 
December 2003 — Incident 4 
289. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 104 of 234 
10401234 
EFTA00730824
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 23 of 79 
290. On or about December 2003, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
291. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 105 of 234 
105 01 234 
EFTA00730825
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 24 of 79 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
292. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 69 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
January 2004 — Incident 1 
293. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
294. On or about January 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
Page 106 of 234 
106 01 234 
EFTA00730826
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 25 of 79 
295. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
296. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 70 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
January 2004 — Incident 2 
297. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
298. On or about January 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
Page 107 of 234 
107 01 234 
EFTA00730827
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 26 of 79 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
299. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
Page 108 of 234 
108 01 234 
EFTA00730828
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 27 of 79 
300. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 71 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2255 
January 2004 — Incident 3 
301. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
302. On or about January 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
303. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
Page 109 of 234 
109 01 234 
EFTA00730829
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 28 of 79 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
304. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 72 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
January 2004 — Incident 4 
305. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
306. On or about January 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
Page 110 of 234 
110 of 234 
EFTA00730830
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 29 of 79 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
307. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
308. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
Page 111 of 234 
111 01234 
EFTA00730831
--- PAGE 30 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 30 of 79 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 73 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
February 2004 - Incident 1 
309. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
310. On or about February 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
311. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
Page 112 of 234 
112 01 234 
EFTA00730832
--- PAGE 31 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 31 of 79 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
312. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 74 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
February 2004 - Incident 2 
313. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
314. On or about February 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
Page 113 of 234 
113 01 234 
EFTA00730833
--- PAGE 32 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 32 of 79 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
315. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
316. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Page 114 of 234 
114 01 234 
EFTA00730834
--- PAGE 33 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 33 of 79 
COUNT 75 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
February 2004— Incident 3 
317. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
318. On or about February 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
319. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
Page 115 of 234 
115 01 234 
EFTA00730835
--- PAGE 34 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 34 of 79 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
320. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 76 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
February 2004 — Incident 4 
321. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
322. On or about February 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
Page 116 of 234 
116 01 234 
EFTA00730836
--- PAGE 35 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 35 of 79 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
323. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
324. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 77 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
Page 117 of 234 
11701 234 
EFTA00730837
--- PAGE 36 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 36 of 79 
March 2004 — Incident 1 
325. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
326. On or about March 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
327. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
Page 118 of 234 
118 01 234 
EFTA00730838
--- PAGE 37 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 37 of 79 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
328. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 78 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
March 2004— Incident 2 
329. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
330. On or about March 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
Page 119 of 234 
119 col 234 
EFTA00730839
--- PAGE 38 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 38 of 79 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
331. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
332. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 79 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
March 2004 — Incident 3 
333. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 120 of 234 
120 of 234 
EFTA00730840
--- PAGE 39 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 39 of 79 
334. On or about March 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
335. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 121 of 234 
121 ol 234 
EFTA00730841
--- PAGE 40 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 40 of 79 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
336. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 80 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
March 2004 — Incident 4 
337. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
338. On or about March 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
Page 122 of 234 
122 04 234 
EFTA00730842
--- PAGE 41 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 41 of 79 
339. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
340. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 81 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
April 2004 — Incident 1 
341. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
342. On or about April 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
Page 123 of 234 
123 01234 
EFTA00730843
--- PAGE 42 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 42 of 79 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
343. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
Page 124 of 234 
120 of 234 
EFTA00730844
--- PAGE 43 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 43 of 79 
344. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 82 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
April 2004— Incident 2 
345. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
346. On or about April 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
347. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
Page 125 of 234 
125 01234 
EFTA00730845
--- PAGE 44 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 44 of 79 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
348. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 83 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
April 2004 — Incident 3 
349. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
350. On or about April 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
Page 126 of 234 
126 01234 
EFTA00730846
--- PAGE 45 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 45 of 79 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
351. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
352. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
Page 127 of 234 
127 41 234 
EFTA00730847
--- PAGE 46 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 46 of 79 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 84 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
April 2004 — Incident 4 
353. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
354. On or about April 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
355. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
Page 128 of 234 
128 01234 
EFTA00730848
--- PAGE 47 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 47 of 79 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
356. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 85 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
May 2004— Incident 1 
357. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
358. On or about May 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
Page 129 of 234 
129 01234 
EFTA00730849
--- PAGE 48 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 48 of 79 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
359. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
360. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Page 130 of 234 
130 01 234 
EFTA00730850
--- PAGE 49 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 49 of 79 
COUNT 86 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
Mav 2004 — Incident 2 
361. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
362. On or about May 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
363. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
Page 131 of 234 
131 01234 
EFTA00730851
--- PAGE 50 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 50 of 79 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
364. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 87 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
May 2004 - Incident 3 
365. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
366. On or about May 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
Page 132 of 234 
132 01234 
EFTA00730852
--- PAGE 51 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 51 of 79 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
367. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
368. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 88 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
Page 133 of 234 
133 01234 
EFTA00730853
--- PAGE 52 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 52 of 79 
May 2004 — Incident 4 
369. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
370. On or about May 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
371. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
Page 134 of 234 
134 01234 
EFTA00730854
--- PAGE 53 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 53 of 79 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
372. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 89 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
June 2004 — Incident 1 
373. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
374. On or about June 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
Page 135 of 234 
135 of 234 
EFTA00730855
--- PAGE 54 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 54 of 79 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
375. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
376. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 90 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
June 2004 — Incident 2 
377. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 136 of 234 
136 01234 
EFTA00730856
--- PAGE 55 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 55 of 79 
378. On or about June 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
379. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 137 of 234 
137 01 234 
EFTA00730857
--- PAGE 56 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 56 of 79 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
380. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 91 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
June 2004 — Incident 3 
381. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
382. On or about June 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
Page 138 of 234 
138 ot 234 
EFTA00730858
--- PAGE 57 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 57 of 79 
383. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
384. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 92 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
June 2004 — Incident 4 
385. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
386. On or about June 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
Page 139 of 234 
139 of 234 
EFTA00730859
--- PAGE 58 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 58 of 79 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
387. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
Page 140 of 234 
140 01 234 
EFTA00730860
--- PAGE 59 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 59 of 79 
388. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 93 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
July 2004 — Incident 1 
389. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
390. On or about July 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
391. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
Page 141 of 234 
141 01 234 
EFTA00730861
--- PAGE 60 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 60 of 79 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
392. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 94 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
July 2004 — Incident 2 
393. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
394. On or about July 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
Page 142 of 234 
142 01 234 
EFTA00730862
--- PAGE 61 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 61 of 79 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
395. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
396. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
Page 143 of 234 
143 01 234 
EFTA00730863
--- PAGE 62 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 62 of 79 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 95 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
July 2004 — Incident 3 
397. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
398. On or about July 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
399. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
Page 144 of 234 
10001230 
EFTA00730864
--- PAGE 63 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 63 of 79 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
400. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 96 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 6 2255 
July 2004 - Incident 4 
401. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
402. On or about July 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
Page 145 of 234 
145 01 234 
EFTA00730865
--- PAGE 64 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 64 of 79 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
403. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
404. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Page 146 of 234 
146 01 234 
EFTA00730866
--- PAGE 65 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 65 of 79 
COUNT 97 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
August 2004 - Incident 1 
405. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
406. On or about August 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
407. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
Page 147 of 234 
147 01 234 
EFTA00730867
--- PAGE 66 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 66 of 79 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
408. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 98 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
August 2004 — Incident 2 
409. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
410. On or about August 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
Page 148 of 234 
148 01 234 
EFTA00730868
--- PAGE 67 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 67 of 79 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
411. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
412. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 99 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
Page 149 of 234 
149 of 234 
EFTA00730869
--- PAGE 68 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 68 of 79 
August 2004 — Incident 3 
413. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
414. On or about August 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
415. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
Page 150 of 234 
150 01 234 
EFTA00730870
--- PAGE 69 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 69 of 79 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
416. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 100 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
August 2004 — Incident 4 
417. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
418. On or about August 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M.,
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
Page 151 of 234 
151 ol 234 
EFTA00730871
--- PAGE 70 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 70 of 79 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
419. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
420. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 101 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
September 2004 — Incident 1 
421. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 152 of 234 
152 ol 234 
EFTA00730872
--- PAGE 71 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 71 of 79 
422. On or about September 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
423. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 153 of 234 
153 01 234 
EFTA00730873
--- PAGE 72 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 72 of 79 
427. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
428. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 103 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
September 2004 — Incident 3 
429. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
430. On or about September 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
Page 155 of 234 
154 44 234 
EFTA00730874
--- PAGE 73 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 73 of 79 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
431. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
Page 156 of 234 
155 ol 234 
EFTA00730875
--- PAGE 74 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 74 of 79 
432. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 104 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. S 2255 
September 2004 - Incident 4 
433. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
434. On or about September 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
435. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
Page 157 of 234 
156 of 234 
EFTA00730876
--- PAGE 75 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 75 of 79 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
436. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 105 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
October 2004 — Incident 1 
437. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
438. On or about October 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
Page 158 of 234 
157 41 234 
EFTA00730877
--- PAGE 76 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 76 of 79 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
439. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
440. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
Page 159 of 234 
158 01238 
EFTA00730878
--- PAGE 77 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 77 of 79 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 106 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 6 2255 
October 2004 — Incident 2 
441. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
442. On or about October 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
443. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
Page 160 of 234 
159 91 234 
EFTA00730879
--- PAGE 78 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 78 of 79 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
444. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 107 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
October 2004 — Incident 3 
445. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
446. On or about October 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
Page 161 of 234 
160 ot 234 
EFTA00730880
--- PAGE 79 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 79 of 79 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
447. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
448. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Page 162 of 234 
161 01234 
EFTA00730881

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730882.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 1 of 73 
COUNT 108 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Q 2255 
October 2004 — Incident 4 
449. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
450. On or about October 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
451. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
Page 163 of 234 
162 of 234 
EFTA00730882
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 2 of 73 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
452. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 109 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
November 2004 - Incident 1 
453. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
454. On or about November 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
Page 164 of 234 
163 of 234 
EFTA00730883
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 3 of 73 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
455. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
456. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 110 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
Page 165 of 234 
160 01230 
EFTA00730884
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 4 of 73 
November 2004 — Incident 2 
457. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
458. On or about November 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
459. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
Page 166 of 234 
165 ol 234 
EFTA00730885
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 5 of 73 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
460. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 111 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
November 2004 - Incident 3 
461. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
462. On or about November 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
Page 167 of 234 
166 ol 234 
EFTA00730886
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 6 of 73 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
463. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
464. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 112 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
November 2004- Incident 4 
465. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 168 of 234 
167 of 234 
EFTA00730887
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 7 of 73 
466. On or about November 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
467. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 169 of 234 
168 of 234 
EFTA00730888
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 8 of 73 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
468. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 113 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 6 2255 
December 2004 — Incident 1 
469. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
470. On or about December 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
Page 170 of 234 
169 ol 234 
EFTA00730889
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 9 of 73 
471. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
472. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 114 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
December 2004 — Incident 2 
473. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
474. On or about December 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
Page 171 of 234 
170 01 234 
EFTA00730890
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 10 of 73 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
475. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
Page 172 of 234 
171 01 234 
EFTA00730891
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 11 of 73 
476. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 115 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
December 2004 — Incident 3 
477. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
478. On or about December 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
479. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
Page 173 of 234 
172 01234 
EFTA00730892
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 12 of 73 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
480. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 116 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
December 2004 - Incident 4 
481. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
482. On or about December 2004, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
Page 174 of 234 
173 01234 
EFTA00730893
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 13 of 73 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
483. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
484. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
Page 175 of 234 
174 of 234 
EFTA00730894
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 14 of 73 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 117 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
January 2005 — Incident 1 
485. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
486. On or about January 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
487. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
Page 176 of 234 
175 *1234 
EFTA00730895
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 15 of 73 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
488. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 118 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 6 2255 
January 2005 — Incident 2 
489. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
490. On or about January 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
Page 177 of 234 
176 of 234 
EFTA00730896
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 16 of 73 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
491. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
492. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Page 178 of 234 
177 44 234 
EFTA00730897
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 17 of 73 
COUNT 119 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
January 2005 — Incident 3 
493. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
494. 
On or about January 2005, the exact date being unknown to L M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
495. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
Page 179 of 234 
178 01 234 
EFTA00730898
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 18 of 73 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
496. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 120 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
January 2005 — Incident 4 
497. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
498. On or about January 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
Page 180 of 234 
179 01234 
EFTA00730899
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 19 of 73 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
499. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
500. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 121 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
Page 181 of 234 
180 01238 
EFTA00730900
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 20 of 73 
February 2005 — Incident 1 
501. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
502. On or about February 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
503. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
Page 182 of 234 
181 *1234 
EFTA00730901
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 21 of 73 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
504. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 122 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
February 2005 — Incident 2 
505. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
506. On or about February 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
Page 183 of 234 
182 ol 234 
EFTA00730902
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 22 of 73 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
507. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
508. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 123 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
February 2005— Incident 3 
509. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 184 of 234 
153 of 234 
EFTA00730903
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 23 of 73 
510. On or about February 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
511. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 185 of 234 
154 of 234 
EFTA00730904
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 24 of 73 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
512. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 124 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
February 2005 — Incident 4 
513. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
514. On or about February 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
Page 186 of 234 
155 DI 234 
EFTA00730905
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 25 of 73 
515. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
516. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 125 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
March 2005 — Incident 1 
517. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
518. On or about March 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
Page 187 of 234 
166 01234 
EFTA00730906
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 26 of 73 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
519. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
Page 188 of 234 
187 <4 234 
EFTA00730907
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 27 of 73 
520. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 126 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
March 2005 — Incident 2 
521. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
522. On or about March 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
523. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
Page 189 of 234 
158 DI 234 
EFTA00730908
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 28 of 73 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
524. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 127 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
March 2005 — Incident 3 
525. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
526. On or about March 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
Page 190 of 234 
159 of 234 
EFTA00730909
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 29 of 73 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
527. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
528. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
Page 191 of 234 
190 01234 
EFTA00730910
--- PAGE 30 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 30 of 73 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 128 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
March 2005 — Incident 4 
529. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
530. On or about March 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
531. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
Page 192 of 234 
191 01234 
EFTA00730911
--- PAGE 31 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 31 of 73 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
532. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 129 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
April 2005 — Incident 1 
533. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
534. On or about April 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
Page 193 of 234 
192 01234 
EFTA00730912
--- PAGE 32 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 32 of 73 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
535. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
536. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Page 194 of 234 
193 01234 
EFTA00730913
--- PAGE 33 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 33 of 73 
COUNT 130 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
Aprl 2005 — Incident 2 
537. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
538. On or about April 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
539. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
Page 195 of 234 
194 01234 
EFTA00730914
--- PAGE 34 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 34 of 73 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
540. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 131 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
April 2005 - Incident 3 
541. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
542. On or about April 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
Page 196 of 234 
195 01234 
EFTA00730915
--- PAGE 35 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 35 of 73 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
543. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
544. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 132 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
Page 197 of 234 
196 01234 
EFTA00730916
--- PAGE 36 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 36 of 73 
April 2005 — Incident 4 
545. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
546. On or about April 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
547. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
Page 198 of 234 
197 91234 
EFTA00730917
--- PAGE 37 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 37 of 73 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
548. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 133 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
May 2006 - Incident 1 
549. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
550. On or about May 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Page 199 of 234 
198 <4 234 
EFTA00730918
--- PAGE 38 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 38 of 73 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
551. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
552. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 134 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
May 2005 — Incident 2 
553. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 200 of 234 
199 01234 
EFTA00730919
--- PAGE 39 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 39 of 73 
554. On or about May 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
555. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 201 of 234 
200 01 234 
EFTA00730920
--- PAGE 40 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 40 of 73 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
556. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 135 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
May 2005 — Incident 3 
557. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
558. On or about May 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
Page 202 of 234 
201 01 234 
EFTA00730921
--- PAGE 41 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 41 of 73 
559. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
560. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 136 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. S 2255 
May 2005 — Incident 4 
561. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
562. On or about May 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
Page 203 of 234 
202 ot 234 
EFTA00730922
--- PAGE 42 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 42 of 73 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
563. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
Page 204 of 234 
203 01 234 
EFTA00730923
--- PAGE 43 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 43 of 73 
564. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right 137 
COUNT 137 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
June 2005 — Incident 1 
565. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
566. On or about June 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
567. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
Page 205 of 234 
204 01234 
EFTA00730924
--- PAGE 44 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 44 of 73 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
568. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 138 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
June 2005 — Incident 2 
569. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
570. On or about June 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
Page 206 of 234 
205 01 234 
EFTA00730925
--- PAGE 45 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 45 of 73 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
571. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
572. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
Page 207 of 234 
206 01 234 
EFTA00730926
--- PAGE 46 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 46 of 73 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 139 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. G 2255 
June 2005 — Incident 3 
573. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
574. On or about June 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
575. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
Page 208 of 234 
207 01 234 
EFTA00730927
--- PAGE 47 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 47 of 73 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
576. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 140 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
June 2005 — Incident 4 
577. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
578. On or about June 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
Page 209 of 234 
208 ot 234 
EFTA00730928
--- PAGE 48 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 48 of 73 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
579. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
580. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Page 210 of 234 
209 01 234 
EFTA00730929
--- PAGE 49 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 49 of 73 
COUNT 141 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2255 
July 2005 — Incident 1 
581. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
582. On or about July 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
583. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
Page 211 of 234 
210 01 234 
EFTA00730930
--- PAGE 50 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 50 of 73 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
584. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 142 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
July 2005 - Incident 2 
585. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
586. On or about July 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
Page 212 of 234 
211 ol 234 
EFTA00730931
--- PAGE 51 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 51 of 73 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
587. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
588. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 143 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
Page 213 of 234 
212 01 234 
EFTA00730932
--- PAGE 52 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 52 of 73 
July 2005 — Incident 3 
589. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
590. On or about July 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
591. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
Page 214 of 234 
213 0l 234 
EFTA00730933
--- PAGE 53 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 53 of 73 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
592. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 144 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2255 
July 2005 — Incident 4 
593. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
594. On or about July 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a violation of 
numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor 
to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual 
conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of 
visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes 
designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). L.M. is 
therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to this 
Page 215 of 234 
214 of 234 
EFTA00730934
--- PAGE 54 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 54 of 73 
Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and the United States Government. 
595. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
596. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 145 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
August 2005 — Incident 1 
597. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 216 of 234 
215 01 234 
EFTA00730935
--- PAGE 55 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 55 of 73 
598. On or about August 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
599. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 217 of 234 
216 ol 234 
EFTA00730936
--- PAGE 56 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 56 of 73 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
600. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 146 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
August 2006 - Incident 2 
601. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
602. On or about August 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
Page 218 of 234 
217 01 234 
EFTA00730937
--- PAGE 57 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 57 of 73 
603. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
604. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 147 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
August 2005 - Incident 3 
605. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
606. On or about August 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
Page 219 of 234 
218 ol 234 
EFTA00730938
--- PAGE 58 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 58 of 73 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
607. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
Page 220 of 234 
219 01 234 
EFTA00730939
--- PAGE 59 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 59 of 73 
608. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 148 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
August 2005 — Incident 4 
609. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
610. On or about August 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
611. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
Page 221 of 234 
220 01 234 
EFTA00730940
--- PAGE 60 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 60 of 73 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
612. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 149 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
September 2005 — Incident 1 
613. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
614. On or about September 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
Page 222 of 234 
221 ol 234 
EFTA00730941
--- PAGE 61 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 61 of 73 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
615. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
616. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
Page 223 of 234 
222 ol 234 
EFTA00730942
--- PAGE 62 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 62 of 73 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 10 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. S 2255 
September 2005 — Incident 2 
617. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
618. On or about September 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
619. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
Page 224 of 234 
223 01234 
EFTA00730943
--- PAGE 63 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 63 of 73 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
620. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 151 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
September 2005 - Incident 3 
621. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
622. On or about September 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
Page 225 of 234 
220 ol 234 
EFTA00730944
--- PAGE 64 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 64 of 73 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
623. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
624. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Page 226 of 234 
335 of 234 
EFTA00730945
--- PAGE 65 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 65 of 73 
COUNT 152 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
September 2005 — Incident 4 
625. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
626. On or about September 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
627. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
Page 227 of 234 
226 04 234 
EFTA00730946
--- PAGE 66 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 66 of 73 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
628. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 153 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
October 2005 - Incident 1 
629. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
630. On or about October 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
Page 228 of 234 
222 01 234 
EFTA00730947
--- PAGE 67 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 67 of 73 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
631. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
632. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 154 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
Page 229 of 234 
228 01234 
EFTA00730948
--- PAGE 68 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 68 of 73 
October 2005 - Incident 2 
633. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
634. On or about October 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
635. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
Page 230 of 234 
229 01234 
EFTA00730949
--- PAGE 69 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 69 of 73 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
636. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 155 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
October 2005 - Incident 3 
637. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
638. On or about October 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
Page 231 of 234 
230 01 234 
EFTA00730950
--- PAGE 70 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 70 of 73 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
639. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
640. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT 156 
Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 
October 2005 — Incident 4 
641. Plaintiff, L.M. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 20 above. 
Page 232 of 234 
231 ol 234 
EFTA00730951
--- PAGE 71 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 71 of 73 
642. On or about October 2005, the exact date being unknown to L.M., 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed a federal sexual offense against her, including a 
violation of numerous federal criminal statutes condemning the coercion and 
enticement of a minor to engage in prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to 
engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor 
children, transport of visual depictions of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, 
child exploitation enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, 
those crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), and § 2423(e). 
L.M. is therefore a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and, 
as such, asserts a cause of action against the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, pursuant to 
this Section of the United States Code and the agreement between the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
643. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against her, L.M. has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future suffer, physical injury pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with 
defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse 
and conventional way of life for a minor. The then-minor plaintiff L.M. incurred medical 
and psychological expenses and the plaintiff, L.M., will in the future suffer medical and 
psychological expenses. The plaintiff, L.M., has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These 
Page 233 of 234 
232 ol 234 
EFTA00730952
--- PAGE 72 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 72 of 73 
injuries are permanent in nature and the plaintiff, L.M., will continue to suffer these 
losses in the future. 
644. Wherefore, the plaintiff, L.M., demands judgments against the defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages of at least the minimum amount provided 
by law, attorney's fees, costs, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just 
and proper. 
DEMAND FOR JURY TRIAL 
Plaintiff hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
DATED July 24, 2009 
ectfully Submitted, 
radl y J. Edwards 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Las Olas City Centre 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 522-3456 
Facsimile (954) 527-8663 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: bedwardse,rra-law.com 
Page 234 of 234 
233 01234 
EFTA00730953
--- PAGE 73 ---
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM Document 1-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2009 Page 73 of 73 
%IS 44 (Rep 2/08) 
CIVIL COVER SHEET 
The 1S44 civil cover sheet toddy information contained herein neither replace nor supplement the filing and service of pleadings °tether papers as required by law, except as provided 
by local rules of court This ferns, approved by the Judicial Cooferawe of the United States in September 1974,11 required foe the use of the Clerk of Court for the purpose of initiating 
the civil docket 51041. (SEE INSTRUCTIONS ON THE REVERSE OF THE FORM.) 
NOTICE: Attorneys MUST Indicate All Re-filed Cases Below. 
I. (a) PLAINTIFFS 
(b) County of Residence of First Listed Plaintiff Palm Beach 
(EXCEPT IN V S. PLAINTIFF CASES) 
(C) Attomey's 
Iran Name. Add rm. and Telephone N umbel) 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 - Phone 954-522-3456 
DEFENDANTS 
JEFFREY bra I tIN 
County of Reside/ice of First Listed Defendant 
Palm Beach 
(IN U.S. PLAINTIFF CASES ONLY ) 
NOTE: IN LAND CONDEMNATION CASES. USE THE LOCATION OF THE TRACT 
LAND INVOLVED. 
Attorneys (If Keen) 
Bradley J. Edwards 
011/TheCk County Where Action Arose O MIAM I. DADE 
O MONROE O BROWARD 
PALM BEACH n MARTIN 0 ST. LUCIE O INDIAN RIVER O OKEECHOBEE 
HIGHLANDS 
II. BASIS OF JURISDICTION 
(Place se "X' In On Boa Only) 
O I 
U.S. riovenstatat 
dti 3 
Feden1Questleas 
Plaint 
(U.S. Ointitithilest Not • ?My) 
Cl 2 
U.S. Covenant 
O 4 
DMezettY 
Defendant 
(IndicateCi 
of Panes ma Item III) 
( P I' ale V W.1/1,2- Ce n- 
III. CITIZENSHIP OF PRINCIPAL PARTIESnowe an 'X' Hs On Bon for Plaintiff 
(Fee Diveralty Cases Only 
sa0 One Boa foe Defendant( 
PEE 
DEE 
PEE 
DEE 
Cann of This Stint 
O 
I 
O I 
lotorpormed or Principal Place 
O 
of Anima la This Sum 
Citsten of Anodic. Sine 
I 
O 
Imorporated and Past pal Mace 
O 1 
of Bum.. is In Another State 
Celia at Subject of a 
O 
O 
Foreign Nation 
Coition COW'', 
O 
IV. NATURE OF SUIT Oboe an 'X" is One Nor Onal 
I 
CONTRACT 
TORTS 
FORPRITURE/PENALTY 
BANKRUPTCY 
OTHER STATUTES 
I 
110 Insurance 
120 Marine 
130 Miller Aet 
140 Negotiable Insinienent 
ISO Itecoa try of Overpayment 
A Eeforrement of Inseam 
III Medican Act 
Ill Recovery of Defaulted 
Student lona 
(Encl. Yuman.) 
153 R noway of °newsman 
of Veteran'. Benefit' 
160 Stockholders' Sae. 
190 Orber COnillet 
I95 Contract Product Liability 
196 Franchise 
PERSONAL INJURY 
PERSONAL INJURY 
310 Airplane 
O 
362 Personal loamy • 
315 Airplane Product 
Mod Melprnake 
Liability 
O 
365 Personal loamy • 
O 320 Minh. Libel a 
Frahm Lindley 
Maeda 
O 
16$ Asbestos Insert 
O 3)0 Federal terabytes' 
lean Predict 
Liability 
Limbo 
O 340 Marine 
PERSONAL PROPERTY 
0305 Marine Product 
O 
370 Other Fraud 
union 
O 
171 Tenth In Lendag 
O 350 Nome Vehicle 
O 
380 Other Personal 
O 355 Moot Vehicle 
Progeny Damage 
Product Liability 
O 
3115 Po:patty Damage 
IP 360 Other Personal 
Pinta Liability 
laury 
O 610 Agocukare 
O 620 Other rood A Dimg 
CI 625 Ding Related Sarum 
of PrOpeny 21 USC MN 
O 6)0 Liquor Laws 
O 640 It .R a Track 
O 650 Aids Rep. 
O 460 Occupational 
SaktyiliesItli 
O 690 Othee 
O 422 Appeal 28 USC III 
O 423 Withdrawal 
USC 07 
400 Stale ReeppOrtiOnment 
410 Anlitryll 
430 ***** sod Basking 
O0Comment 
400 DepOrlatIMI 
PROPERTY RIGHTS 
O 820Copyrights 
O 530 Pant 
0110 Trademark 
470 Maraca Infreemn and 
Comm Organisation. 
480 Coo:sumer Credit 
490 CalikiSsi TV 
810 Selective Stroke 
ISO Serstitats4Comenodsuca 
EU ,,,,, 
875 Customer Challenge 
IT USC 3410 
$90 Other Statutory Action, 
$91 Amicithural Acts 
$92 Economic Stabilization Act 
89) Environmental Antlers 
$94 Energy Allocation Act 
O $95 Freedom of laformation Act 
O 900 Appeal of Fee Mama:satin 
Under Meal Access to hake 
050 Constitutionality of State 
Statutes 
LABOR 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
O 710 tau Labor Sundae de 
Act 
O 720 LithernIrmi. Relation. 
O 730 Labor:Man Rennin 
a Dian:mare Act 
O 740 Railway labor Act 
O 790 Other Labor Litigation 
791 Ease. Rel. In. Swath) 
Mt 
O 861 HIA (139540 
0162 Brack Lust 4973) 
O 86) DIWC/131WIT (405(4)) 
O 864 SSID Title XVI 
O 865 RS14405(g1) 
FEDERAL TAX SUITS 
I 
REAL PROPERTY 
CIVIL RIGHTS 
PRISONER PETITIONS 
O 870 Tana (US PlaiseifT 
or Defendant) 
O 1171 IRS-1694 Party 
USC 7609 
210 1 and Condemnation 
220 7 ertcloivre 
2)0 Rear Lease a Liniment 
240 Tone to Land 
245 Toro Indian Littahly 
O 290 All Other Real Proton/ 
O 441 Voting 
O 442 Employment 
O 443 Houston/ 
Accommodates, 
O 444 Welfare 
a  445 Amer. wiCasabilither 
be Estiley. tei 
' 
O 446 Amer. wiDatabibtits . 
Other 
440 Odin Civil RIgMs 
O 
110 Motions to Vacate 
Sentence 
C 
O 
530General 
O 
Dcalli Penalty 
O 
14014 midway, A 0 thee 
O 
350 Civil Asap 
O 
555 Prison Colinas 
I 
tMMarpATLL3N 
462 Naturalisation 
O Application 
EI 463 Habeas Corpus•Alien 
Detainee 
Other In Wain 
O Miami 
V. ORIGIN 
lame • - 4(' in One Box Only) 
Appal to District 
Trans erred from 
Judge from 
l3 I Original 
2 Removed from 
Re-filed- 
Reinstatod or 0 
another dinner 
Multidistnet 
' 
Magistrate 
Proceeding 
State Court 
(see VI below) 
Reopened 
(sPerifY) 
Litigation 
Judgment 
VI. RELATED/RE-FILED 
CASE(S). 
(See wine DOM 
second page): 
a) Re-filed Case 0 YES 4D NO 
b) Related Cases 01 YES ONO 
JUDGE 
DOCKET NUMBER 9:08-CV-801 19 
VII. CAUSE OF ACTION 
Cite the U.S. Civil Statute under which you are filing and Write a liner Statement of Cause (Do not eke Jurisdictional statutes unless 
diversity): 
USC Section 2255 
LENGTH OF TRIAL via 
ys estimated (for both sides to try entire case) 
O 
VIII. REQUESTED IN 
CHECK IF THIS BAC 
ON 
DEMAND S by 
5.5 
CHECK YES only if datianded in complaint 
COMPLAINT: 
UNDER F.R.C.P. 23 
1,000,000.00 
JURY DEMAND: 
Ya O No 
ABOVE INFORMATION IS TRUE & CORRECT TO 
THE BEST OF MY KNOWLEDGE 
SI 
tt ATTORNEY OF RECORD 
DATE n r --42 
FOR OEFICE WIINLY 
AMOUNT.," 
RECF:P7 a 
Li -0 
IFP 
541 e -7 7 
23101234 
EFTA00730954

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730955.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730955.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear 
I appreciate your letter of June 17, 2009. I sincerely hope that any and all 
issues that could generate an adversarial relationship between Mr. Epstein 
and the United States Attorney's Office are in our past. Like you, we hope 
that the ongoing, complex, and at times vigorous civil litigation will not 
again require your involvement in the parallel civil proceedings, nor result in 
any belief on your part that any pleading or legal position taken by Mr. 
Epstein's counsel conflicts with the NPA. We also understand that you do 
not wish to engage in a dialogue with us about the civil litigation. 
In order to avoid future misunderstandings, however, we would like to have 
a discussion with you specifically about the parties' ongoing obligations 
under the NPA. As you know from past experience, and as Mr. Acosta 
previously acknowled ed in letters to my partner Ken Starr (on December 4, 
2007) and 
(on December 19, 2007), the language of ¶ 8 is 
"far from simple," and subject to significant ambiguity. We fully intend to 
err on the side of caution, as your June 17 letter advises, and we likewise 
appreciate your view that it could be awkward for the USAO to conduct a 
detailed review of our civil pleadings before they are filed. 
With that said, we do expect there to be challenging but predictable issues 
under ¶ 8 that we would want to discuss with you before—rather than 
after—a court filing. Two examples come to mind. First, we clearly 
understood during the course of negotiating the NPA, and believe that both 
the language of the NPA and our prior correspondence with your office 
confirm, that the waiver of liability set forth in ¶ 8 was limited to cases in 
which an individual on your list was seeking a single recovery for a single 
injury under § 2255. Yet many of the plaintiffs instead have attempted to 
multiply their claims (and thereby take advantage of the minimum damages 
provision set forth in the statute) by asserting multiple predicates. Indeed, in 
some cases, the plaintiffs have taken a single incident and asserted that it 
constitutes three or more separate counts under § 2255. Consistent with our 
long-term understanding of the NPA, we believe that ¶ 8's waiver of liability 
requires only that Mr. Epstein stipulate to the existence of a single 
enumerated predicate that would entitle the plaintiff to actual damages (or 
the applicable statutory minimum damages where actual damages fall short 
of that floor). 
EFTA00730955
--- PAGE 2 ---
We also have concerns about the fact that at least some of the plaintiffs are 
pursuing claims that clearly are time-barred. For instance, the Jane Doe 102 
case involves allegations of conduct that took place more than 6 years before 
the complaint was filed, and long after she reached the age of majority. As a 
result, her complaint plainly is time-barred, and she could not have obtained 
relief through a § 2255 action even if Mr. Epstein had been convicted of the 
offenses she alleges. In these circumstances, we believe there is no conflict 
between a waiver of liability and asserting the predicate occurred at a time 
outside the statute of limitations. 
Given your office's prior acknowledgements that the language of the NPA is 
far from clear, we very much would appreciate an opportunity to discuss ¶ 8 
with you in the near future—not from the perspective of their impact on 
ongoing civil cases, but instead as "criminal" lawyers who negotiated a past 
agreement that contains sufficient ambiguity so that follow-up discussions 
regarding its implementation and seeking clarity are appropriate. It is our 
sincerest hope that such discussions can avert future risks that a filing 
conflicts with obligations that Mr. Epstein intends to fully honor. 
Finally, we enclose a letter that was fully drafted to respond to you earlier 
June 15 letter and "set the record straight" from our perspective. Hopefully, 
the history that divided us and our differing views on certain events over the 
past several years as reflected in this response will not in anyway divert us 
from a common goal of having Mr. Epstein complete his NPA obligations 
without there being any further tension between the USAO and ourselves. 
EFTA00730956

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730957.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730957.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
New York, 
1/0 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
email: 
March 15, 2010 
VIA EMAIL 
and First Class Mail 
New York, New York 10177 
Re: 
Agreement for Design Services dated May 15, 2009 ("Design 
Services Agreement") by and among Juan Pablo Molyneux, J.P. 
Molyneux Studio, Ltd., L.S.J., LLC and Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Jay: 
I have attached sample photos of the cabinetry installed in the library on Little St. 
James Island. These photos conclusively demonstrate that, if Mr. Molyneux did indeed 
decide that the finish of the woodwork is adequate for the overall ambiance of the space, 
then that decision was not made in good faith and could not withstand even the slightest 
scrutiny. As exemplified by the photographs, in most places the wood is rough and/or 
splintery, and it is even cracked in places. Decorative holes have not been drilled through 
in a great many places and have not been sanded at all. In many places, the cabinetry is 
not finished at all. Where it is finished, the workmanship is shoddy and the finish 
appears poorly applied, discolored and uneven. The wood looks more like it is water 
stained, than actually stained with color. Further examples of the shoddy workmanship 
can be seen in the tortoise shell application on the woodwork. You will see from the 
pictures, that the application is eheap-leekingof poor quality  . It is blemished-in-pieties; 
chipped in places, delaminating in other places and in still other places was applied in a 
sloppy piecemeal fashion, making-itcomprised of scraps.-leek-like-patehwerh, I have 
also attached photos showing cracked and broken, meshwork in the cabinet doors. Even 
the layman can see that this level of finish is both inconsistent with and-inappropriate-for 
a-reeni-ef-the-superiative-elegree-ef-epelenee-inientled-feethe-librery the multi millions 
dollars transferred to your client.. 
EFTA00730957
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mr. Epstein has forwarded the attached photos and others showing equally shoddy 
workmanship on the part of Fanceli. When asked about them, Mr. Molyneux was unable 
to explain why the work is of such poor quality. You may not have been provided with 
the background here, but you should know that Mr. Epstein originally requested that 
woodwork be performed by certain French millworkers with whose fine woodwork Mr. 
Epstein was familiar. Mr. Molyneux was adamant that the work should be done by 
Fanceili whose craftsmanship Mr. Molyneux assured Mr. Epstein was unrivaled. 
Regarding the so called "numerous" finish samples for the woodwork proposed 
by Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Epstein received a single sample board to which was applied only 
five stains of very similar light colors, none of which reflected a darker color as Mr. 
Epstein has requested over and over again. As I stated in my February 25, 2010 letter, 
this has been an issue for the past two years. Mr. Epstein originally requested and 
ordered dark walnut cabinetry, but Mr. Molyneux would only deliver light oak. 
Evidenced by his original renderings.  During settlement discussions in 2009, Mr. 
Molyneux sought to put off this issue by requesting that the cabinetry first be installed in 
the room. He refused to send photos , he refused to pre finish the cabinets. Now that the 
cabinetry has been installed, it is clear that the materials, color and finish are as 
inadequate as Mr. Epstein told Mr. Molyneux they were long ago. Much time was 
wasted while Mr. Epstein waited for the sample board to be sent to him. Not only did 
Mr. Epstein receive samples of colors that were not what he requested, but Mr. Molyneux 
admitted to Mr. Epstein that Mr. Molyneux has never even seen the sample board that 
was sent. Jay, I do not believe you are getting the full story here. 
In connection with Mr. Molyneux's correcting the problems with the cabinetry 
and its finish, as the photos clearly demonstrate, the tortoise shell application on the 
cabinetry is cheaply done and patched and must be replaced. In addition, as I advised 
you in my March I, 2010 letter, the blackboards provided by Mr. Molyneux are unusable. 
They are not built of typical blackboard material, and chalk literally slides off the surface 
when you try to write on them. They too need to be replaced. 
Mr. Epstein has already suggested to Mr. Molyneux that Fanceli's representatives 
come to the site on March 18 and 19 to correct the woodwork and installation problems 
which Mr. Epstein and his representatives have detailed to Mr. Molyneux, both verbally 
and in writing. I have provided you with only a sampling of the issues. With all the 
work yet to be done on the library, the room would not be clean for staining for many 
days after Fanceli begins its work. Rather than wasting any more time sending sample 
boards back and forth overseas and delaying Fanceli's arrival until the parties reach 
agreement, it makes much more sense, as Mr. Epstein suggested, for Fanceli to come to 
the Island to finish correcting the installation work, and for the wood color and finish 
solution to be resolved while all parties, including Mr. Molyneux, are on site in the same 
room looking at the same materials at the same time. 
EFTA00730958
--- PAGE 3 ---
Finally, as I advised you in my February 25, 2010 letter, pursuant to Exhibit B of 
the Design Services Agreement, Mr. Molyneux is required to provide back-up for his 
costs for the items listed in Exhibit B and not merely his unsubstantiated schedule of 
items provided. We have still received no such back-up and request that Mr. 
Molyneux provide the same as soon as possible. 
Sincerely, 
Is/ Darren K. Indyke 
Darren K. Indyke 
EFTA00730959
--- PAGE 4 ---
Disc!oration, white stripe of foreign material evident, uneven application of stain. 
EFTA00730960
--- PAGE 5 ---
Splintery, rough and pocked wood, uneven application of stain, and apparently no 
finish in many places. Tortoise shell application marred at bottom right hand corner 
of bottom photo. 
EFTA00730961
--- PAGE 6 ---
Op 
%IP 
see 
—s• 
/IS 
/IN 
/IN 
sa 
e as Z. \ 
Z
I•ti 
0/ 
NIP Nit 
#4% 
one 4.04. Gm. 
Ii• 
IA% 
vw 
"ft 
en. 
Ii• 
I" 
*kid 
Oa 
.1/4 ft 
ceiji
e  a
 olc
.
14C 
I 
‘ I • 
oak 
col 
insw
OF an 
%,:t1
Wood materials and finish substandard in the top picture. In the top picture, shoddy 
materials with discoloration throughout. Bottom picture shows finish which looks 
like it was not applied in some places and appears water stained in other places. 
Decorative holes uneven, not drilled through and not sanded. 
EFTA00730962
--- PAGE 7 ---
Unsanded holes. Rough unfinished appearance. 
EFTA00730963
--- PAGE 8 ---
Uneven application of stain. Water stained appearance. Holes not completely 
drilled through or sanded. 
EFTA00730964
--- PAGE 9 ---
A 
fix w A 
0 
More examples of holes not drilled through and sanded and uneven application of 
stain appearing like water stains. 
EFTA00730965
--- PAGE 10 ---
+r• ♦r 
s 
" s"Ca ♦i♦ , i• Tr.
NIA 
tOe 
Additional example of holes not drilled through. Again no even application of 
staining. 
EFTA00730966
--- PAGE 11 ---
Shoddy workmanship. Edges and surface of wood rough and even; discolored and 
unfinished appearance. 
EFTA00730967
--- PAGE 12 ---
Shoddy workmanship. Edges and surfaces of wood rough, uneven, chipped and 
cracked. Discoloration and unfinished appearance. 
EFTA00730968
--- PAGE 13 ---
Edges of wood discolored, chipped. Enormous gap between window frame and 
outside frame. Unfinished appearance. 
EFTA00730969
--- PAGE 14 ---
Cracked wood. Rough unfinished edges and surfaces. Screw apparent. Gap 
between Window frame and outside frame. Discoloration. 
EFTA00730970
--- PAGE 15 ---
Examples of broken mesh work on cabinet doors. Poorly finished wood. Rough 
splintery wood. Uneven application of color. 
EFTA00730971
--- PAGE 16 ---
Rough, pockmarked wood with no apparent or poor finish. Tortoise Shell 
application patched and chipped. 
EFTA00730972
--- PAGE 17 ---
voi,Agesetsessessatialmirmteroni 
Rough, pocked unevenly finished wood. Fingerprints on tortoise shell application. 
Patchwork on tortoise shell. Pinholes in tortoise shell. Poor finish on additional 
applied butterfly carving. 
EFTA00730973
--- PAGE 18 ---
Larger picture of shoddy workmanship. Tortoise shell surface unclean. Patchwork 
tortoise shell. Butterfly unfinished with wood putty still evident. Rough wood 
surfaces and edges. Uneven application of color. Unfinished appearance. 
EFTA00730974
--- PAGE 19 ---
Patchwork tortoise shell. Tortoise shell not completely covering in areas (see top 
picture). Pin holes in tortoise shell. Surface of Tortoise shell blemished. Color finish 
on wood looks incomplete. Rough and pocked surface of wood. Stain color 
unevenly and incompletely applied. 
EFTA00730975
--- PAGE 20 ---
Chipped and delaminating tortoise shell. Rough and pocked wood surfaces with 
color unevenly applied to wood, creating substandard appearance. 
EFTA00730976
--- PAGE 21 ---
Nail holes in frog carving. Uneven application of color to frog and wood work 
EFTA00730977
--- PAGE 22 ---
Additional frog carving unfinished. Wood putty apparent on frog. Nail hole on frog. 
EFTA00730978

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730979.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA02805OO=MB AD 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
NOTICE OF TAKING DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the attorney for Defendant in the above-styled 
cause will take the deposition of JANUSZ BANASIAK on August 18, 2009 at 10:00 
a.m. for the purposes of discovery at the following location: 
Esquire Court Reporters 
515 N Flagler Dr 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-4321 
Said deposition will be taken before JESSICA BERMAN & ASSOCIATES, a 
Notary Public or any officer authorized to administer oaths by the laws of the State of 
Florida, and a person who is neither a relative, nor employee, nor attorney, nor counsel 
of any of the parties and who is neither a relative nor employee of such attorney or 
counsel, and who is not financially interested in the action. 
Said deposition will be taken pursuant to Florida Rules of Civil Procedure in such 
cases provided. Said oral examination will continue from hour to hour and from day to 
day until completed. 
EFTA00730979
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 
502008CA028051YJOO(MB AD 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and Facsimile this //1 
day of August, 2009 to: Michael Burman, Esq., & 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Crifton, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery 
Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
ROTFISTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33394 
Telephone (954) 522-3456 
Telecopier (954) 527-8663 
copies Furnished to: Esquire Court Reporters 
By: 
Bradley J. Edwards 
William J. Berger 
sass
EFTA00730980

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730981.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
Plaintiff, 
) 
CASE NO.: 502008CA02805OO=MB AD 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
NOTICE OF TAKING DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the attorney for Defendant in the above-styled 
cause will take the deposition of JANUSZ BANASIAK on August 18, 2009 at 10:00 
a.m. for the purposes of discovery at the following location: 
Esquire Court Reporters 
515 N Flagler Dr 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-4321 
Said deposition will be taken before JESSICA BERMAN & ASSOCIATES, a 
Notary Public or any officer authorized to administer oaths by the laws of the State of 
Florida, and a person who is neither a relative, nor employee, nor attorney, nor counsel 
of any of the parties and who is neither a relative nor employee of such attorney or 
counsel, and who is not financially interested in the action. 
Said deposition will be taken pursuant to Florida Rules of Civil Procedure in such 
cases provided. Said oral examination will continue from hour to hour and from day to 
day until completed. 
EFTA00730981
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case No. 
502008CA028051YJOO(MB AD 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
via U.S. Mail and Facsimile this //1 
day of August, 2009 to: Michael Burman, Esq., & 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., Burman, Crifton, et al., 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400, 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Jay Howell, Esq., Jay Howell & Assoc., 644 Cesery 
Boulevard, Suite 250, Jacksonville, FL 32211; and Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury 
Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
ROTFISTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33394 
Telephone (954) 522-3456 
Telecopier (954) 527-8663 
copies Furnished to: Esquire Court Reporters 
EFTA00730982

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730983.pdf
----------------------------------------
LG - Enterprise 
Page 1 of 1 
Parcel Information 
Parcel Number 
1.10302.0101A0 
Status 
Active 
Account 
Property Tax Menu 
Property DI 
Owner 
Government of Virgin 
Town Code 
St Thomas 
Parcel Search 
Islands 
Pct. Owned 
100% 
Land Use 
Government 
Tax Bill Search 
Ownership T 
Sole Ownership 
EXIT 
Parcel Area 
12.14 acre 
Document # 
Deed Book 
Deed Page 
Date Recorded 
Legal Description: DOG ISLAND 
RED HOOK 
Tax Accounts 
Account # 
Status 
Amount Due 
Bill # 
Bill Date 
0002157326.2006.RE 
Billable 
9646823 
06/24/2010 
0002157326.2006.REA 
Rescinded 
0002157326.2005.RE 
Billable 
5515366 
11/17/2006 
0002157326.2004.RE 
Billable 
3880128 
06/01/2005 
0002157325.2003.RE 
Billable 
3201043 
06/01/2004 
0002157324.2002.RE 
Billable 
2543936 
06/01/2003 
0002157323.2001.RE 
Billable 
1901844 
06/01/2002 
0002157322.2000.RE 
Billable 
1270356 
06/01/2001 
0002157321.1999.RE 
Billable 
645479 
06/01/2000 
Parcel View 
This is the Parcel 
view, listing the 
parcel and 
related 
information. Click 
on the blue links 
to show other 
information 
related to this 
entry. 
9/21/2010 
EFTA00730983

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730984.pdf
----------------------------------------
Linda Kuros 
Office of the Recording Secretary 
124 Mount Auburn Street 
Cambridge MA 02138 
Dear Ms Kuros, 
I would like to donate a gift in the amount of $ .... in support of Professor Martin 
Nowak's Program for Evolutionary Dynamics (PED), located at 1 Brattle Square, 
Cambridge. This gift is supposed to cover the maintenance of space and occupancy, 
equipment, supplies and administrative staff, and contribute towards research staff, 
students, visitors and events. I understand that Harvard fund number 347150 is 
ready to accept such donations. 
I am extremely impressed by Professor Nowak's highly successful contributions to 
mathematical biology and evolutionary dynamics. He has managed to assemble the 
worlds leading group in this area. In my opinion his work is truly multi-disciplinary 
and highly innovative. 
Please send me a receipt for tax purposes. Thank you. 
Yours sincerely, 
Henry Jarecki 
(Please enclose check payable to: "President and Fellows of Harvard College." In the 
check's memo section, please designate the allocation of the gift.) 
EFTA00730984

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730985.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
r — 
GENERAL ELECTRICAL NOTES: 
, 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I 
NEW PORCH 
ra 
El 
I 
I 
I 
I 
i
i 
i 
i 
J 
NEW PORCH
I
I
- - -------------- ___ 
. 
. 
. 
„ . . 
- 
—. 
ne. 
im“, 
_ 
A. 
ALL ELECTRICAL WORK SHALL BE COMPLETED IN 
STRICT ACCORDANCE WITH TI£ LATE EDITION OF 
THE N.E.C.
B. 
THE ELECTRICIAN SHALL OBTAIN ALL PERMITS 
AND PAY ALL FEES RELATED TO HIS WCR2C 
C. 
ALL WIRING SHALL BE COPPER m12 OR LARGER. 
ALUMINUM WIRE IS NOT ACCEPTABLE. 
D. 
WIRE TYPE AWG IS PREFERRED. ALTHOUGH OTI£RS 
ARE ACCEPTABLE 
E. 
ALL WIRING SPLICES SHALL BE MADE USING 3M 
ELECTRICAL SPRING CONNECTORS CR EGUAL 
'TWIST-ONS" TO CORRECT 512E. WIRE TAPED OR 
TWISTED IS NOT ACCEPTABLE. 
F. 
ALL CONDUITS INSTALLED IN CONCRETE OR MASONRY 
/ 
SHALL 
RIGID 
NON-METALLIC 
TYPE 
(P.V.C
3. ALL 
OUTLETS AND SWITCH BOXES SHALL E€ mom-
METALLIC TYPE. 
G. 
GROUNDING CONDUCTORS SHALL BE CONNECTED TO 
NEUTRAL CONOUCTCRS AT THE SERVICE ENTRANCE 
ONLY. CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS AS PERMITTED BY THE 
N.B.C. SHALL BE PERMITTED. 
H. 
ELECTRICAL SERVICE SHALL BE 120-240 VOLTS. 
SINGLE PHASE, 60 CYCLES, 3 WIRE CONNECTION/ 
SEFVICE SHALL BEGIN AT POINT CF ATTACHMENTS 
OF OVERHEAD SERVICE DROP CABLE. 
L 
ELECTRICAL SYSTEM LAYOUT INDICATED ON DRAWINGS 
ARE GENERALLY DIAGRAMMATIC AND LOCATION OF 
OUTLETS AND ECUIPmENT ARE APPROXIMATE: ROUTING 
OF RACEWAYS AND LOCATION OF OUTLETS AND 
EQUIPMENT SHFLL BE GOVERNED BY STRUCTURAL 
CONDITIONS AND OBSTRUCTICNS 
ELECTRICAL LEGEND 
el 
ar 
/ 
• 
% 
. 
/ 
. 
' 
NEW 
PANTRY 
- - 
.... 
..-... 
/ 
/ 
\ 
/ 
\ 
/
‘ 
/ 
\ 
/ 
. 
/ 
N / 
Y 
NEW DINING 
I 
I
I 
I 
t 
..-.., 
.
.- 
\ %. 
/ 
• \ 
/ 
., 
y 
...., 
NEW 
PANTRY 
. 
I 
• 
• 
_ 
., .. 
/ 
/ 
•,, 
/ 
.,,,, 
/ 
•‘‘-C)- 
AA / 
\( 
Y 
\ 
NEW DINING 
•,, 
t I
i 
I 
:Vi
— 
:ii.___ 
. 
' 
I '•. it 
..- 
/4 1.- --- 
--, 
' 
I 
• 
I 
___ 
.,'' 
. 
' 
... 
i:: 
I
I:: 
N 0 
I 
4:c 
i 
o 
I 
a., 
IN 
A:: 
REP 
, 
• --, 
,, 
i 
A
t
z
/ 
: 6 
.... 
$ 
/ 
‘..„ 
/ 
:: • 
' 
-(;?-
-. 
• 
• 
,..1 
' 
\ 
4'1- 
CEILING f10l.NTEO LIGHT 
mgc 
DUPLEX RECEPTACLE OUTLET 
@ 
5ACKE DETECTOR (HARD WIRE TO PANEL BOX) 
.... 
EXTERIOR WEATHER PROCF LIGHTING 
a 
RANGE OUTLET 
t 
THREE-WAY SWITCH 
SINGLE POLE SWITCH 
RIF. 
ABOVE FINISH FLOOR 
II 
TELEPHONE OUTLET 
CI 
CABLE OUTLET 
li 
ELECTRICAL PANEL BOX 
GFI 
GROUND FAULT INTERRUPTER 
SWITCH TO LIGHT CIRCUIT 
/.....' 
/ / 
NEW KITCHEN 
• 
....e„, ft
NEW KITCHEN 
• . 
• 
. 
... 
/ 
_ 
•flet 
de 
, 
i 
/ 
\ so' 
:I 
/ 
PROPOSED POWER LAYOUT 
PROPOSED LIGHTING LAYOUT 
LEGEND AND NOTES 
71.01 SCALE: 114"= I-0" 
etoi SCALE: 114==1'-0" 
,E1.0I SCALE: 114"= I-0" 
THE deJ NGH GROUP. PC 
ARCHITECTS & PLANNERS 
2200 ESTATE STAABI 
ST. THOMAS. USVI 00802 
PH 
KITCHEN 
RENOVATION 
LITTLE ST.JAMES 
U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
IGHTING,POWER LAYOUT. 
EGEND AND NOTES 
REVISIONS 
CRAM SY: 
O.C. 
CHECKED BY: 
deJCNGH 
SCALE: 
Ur= I-00
047E 
JOB NO 
2006.21 
SHEET: 
E1.01 
EFTA00730985

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730986.pdf
----------------------------------------
10/25/07 THU 13:18 FAX 305 530 8440 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE 
Q002 
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of Florida 
N.E. 4" Street 
Miami, Fl 33132 
Tel
■ 
Facsimile: 
October 25, 2007 
DELIVERY BY FACSIMILE 
The Hon. Edward B. Davis (Ret.) 
Akerman Senterfitt 
Miami, Florida 33131 
Re: 
Service as a Special Master 
Dear Judge Davis: 
Thank you for agreeing to serve as a Special Master and for assisting the United States 
Attorney's Office in the selection of an attorney representative to represent a group of 
identified victims. This letter is meant to assist you in performing your duties by providing 
you with background information regarding the agreement between the United States and 
Jeffrey Epstein and the duties that the attorney representative will have to perform. 
The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the U.S. Attorney's Office conducted an 
investigation of Mr. Epstein. As a result of that investigation, the U.S. Attorney's Office and 
Mr. Epstein entered into a Non-Prosecution Agreement and an Addendum that contains, 
inter alia, the following terms: 
7A. The United States has the right to assign to an independent third-party the 
responsibility for consulting with and, subject to the good faith approval of 
Epstein's counsel, selecting the attorney representative for the individuals 
identified under the Agreement. If the United States elects to assign this 
responsibility to an independent third-party, both the United States and Epstein 
retain the right to make good faith objections to the attorney representative 
suggested by the independent third-party prior to the final designation of the 
attorney representative. 
EFTA00730986
--- PAGE 2 ---
10/26/07 THU 13:18 FAX 305 530 8440 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE 
GM 003 
TAE H014. EDWARD B. DAVIS (Bet) 
Ocrkasetz 25, 2007 
PAGE 2 OF 4 
7B. The parties will jointly prepare a short written submission to the 
independent third-party regarding the role of the attorney representative and 
regarding Epstein's Agreement to pay such attorney representative his or her 
regular customary hourly rate for representing such victims subject to the 
provisions of paragraph 7C, infra. 
7C. Pursuant to additional paragraph 7A, Epstein has agreed to pay the fees 
of the attorney representative selected by the independent third party. This 
provision, however, shall not obligate Epstein to pay the fees and costs of 
contested litigation filed against him. Thus, if after consideration of potential 
settlements, an attorney representative elects to file a contested lawsuit 
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 or elects to pursue any other contested remedy, 
the paragraph 7 obligation of the Agreement to pay the costs of the attorney 
representative, as opposed to any statutory or other obligations to pay 
reasonable attorneys fees and costs such as those contained in § 2255 to bear 
the costs of the attorney representative, shall cease. 
8.If any of the individuals referred to [in the paragraphs above] elects to file 
suit pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255, Epstein will not contest the jurisdiction of 
the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida over his 
person and/or the subject matter, and Epstein waives his right to contest 
liability and also waives his right to contest damages up to an amount agreed 
to between Epstein and the identified individual, so long as the identified 
individual elects to proceed exclusively under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, and agrees to 
waive any other claim for damages, whether pursuant to state, federal, or 
common law. Notwithstanding this waiver, with respect to those individuals 
whose names appear on the list provided by the United States, Epstein's 
signature on this agreement, his waivers and failures to contest liability and 
such damages in any suit are not to be construed as an admission of any 
criminal or civil liability. 
9.Epstein's signature on this agreement also is not to be construed 
admission of civil or criminal liability or a waiver of any jurisdictional or 
other defense as to any person whose name does not appear on the list 
provided by the United States. 
1(1.Except as to those individuals who elect to proceed exclusively under 18 
U.S.C. § 2255, as set forth in [the above paragraphs], neither Epstein's 
EFTA00730987
--- PAGE 3 ---
10/25/07 THU 13:10 FAX 305 530 8440 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE 
e1004 
'DIE HON. EDWARD B. DAVIS (RET.) 
OCTOBER 25, 2007 
PAGE 3 OF 4 
signature on this agreement, nor its terms, nor any resulting waivers or 
settlements by Epstein are to be construed as admissions or evidence of 
civil or criminal liability or a waiver of any jurisdictional or other defense 
as to any person, whether or not her name appears on the list provided by 
the United States. 
The most recent version of the statute referenced above, 18 U.S.C. § 2255, 
provides that: 
Any person who, while a minor, was a victim of a violation of section ... 2422 
or 2423 of this title and who suffers personal injury as a result of such 
violation, regardless of whether the injury occurred while such person was a 
minor, may sue in any appropriate United States District Court and shall 
recover the actual damages such person sustains and the cost of the suit, 
including a reasonable attorney's fee. Any person as described in the 
preceding sentence shall be deemed to have sustained damages of no less than 
$150,000 in value.' 
Section 2422 prohibits the use of a facility of interstate commerce to induce minors 
to engage in sexual activity and prostitution, and section 2423 prohibits interstate travel for 
the purpose of engaging in sexual activity or prostitution with minors. The United States has 
identified 34 victims as defined by this statute. The United States takes no position as to the 
validity of any such claim under this statute. 
Due to the circumstances of the case and the number and caliber of the attorneys who 
represent Mr. Epstein, in selecting the victims' attorney representative, the United States 
suggests that you consider the following criteria: 
1. 
Experience doing both plaintiffs' and defense litigation. 
2. 
Experience with state and federal statutory and common law tort claims. 
3. 
The ability to communicate effectively with young women. 
4. 
Experience litigating against large law limn and high profile attorneys who 
An earlier version of this statute deems that any person described in the preceding 
sentence shall have sustained damages of no less than $50,000 in value. 
EFTA00730988
--- PAGE 4 ---
10/25/07 THU 13:19 FAX 305 630 6440 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE 
(ib005 
THE HON. EDWARD B. DAVIS (RET.) 
OCTOBER 25, 2007 
PAGE 4 OF 4 
may test the veracity of the victims' claims. 
5. 
Sensitivity to the nature of the suit and the victims' interest in maintaining 
their privacy. 
6. 
Experience litigating in federal court in the Southern District of Florida. 
7. 
The resources to hire experts and others, while working on a contingency 
fee basis, in order to prepare for trial, if a settlement cannot be reached 
(defense counsel has reserved the right to challenge such litigation). 
8. 
The ability to negotiate effectively. 
Pursuant to this letter, the United States assigns to you the responsibility for consulting 
with and selecting the attorney representative for the individuals. The United States and 
Epstein retain the right to make good faith objections to the attorney representative you select 
prior to the final designation of the attorney representative. In that regard, after you have 
reached a decision regarding the attorney representative, please provide me with his or her 
name and contact information. 
If I can provide you with any further information, please do not hesitate to contact me 
and/or the U.S. Attorney and/or Jay Lefkowitz, Esq. on behalf of Epstein. Mr. Lefkowitz can 
be reached at 
- Kirkland & Ellis LLP, Citigroup Center, 
New York, New York 10022-4611. Thank you again for your assistance with this matter. 
By: 
cc: 
AUSA A. Marie Villafana 
Sincerely, 
R. Alexander Acosta 
United States Qttorney 
weh 
Jeffrey Sloman 
First Assistant United States Attorney 
EFTA00730989

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730990.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNCHARTED OUTPOSTS 
PRE DEPARTURE INFORMATION 
East Africa 
' Qlqrs
°.
UNCHARTED OUTPOSTS 
EFTA00730990
--- PAGE 2 ---
TRAVEL DOCUMENTS 
PASSPORT 
UNCHARTED OUTPOSTS 
Ease Afrk a 
• Required for entry into Africa 
• Must be valid for six months after your estimated date of entry into Africa 
• Have at least one empty page (front and back) for each visa that you will need 
• If you do not have a passport. please consult with your local US Passport Office (look under the US 
Government State Department listing in your phone book). 
*Applications and renewal forms are often available through the US Post Office. 
VISA 
A visa is an official authorization to visit a country and is required for entering many countries in Africa. The visa 
is entered as a stamp in your passport. Both Kenya and Tanzania require a visa to enter their country. 
If you wish to obtain your visa upon arrival please note that the Kenyan Immigration department has introduced 
new rules that require payment for visa fees in US Dollars only . £GBP will no longer be accepted. Please have 
available $50 per person readily available on arrival into Kenya to avoid any problems. 
PROCESSING YOUR VISA 
Uncharted Outposts can have your visa(s) processed for you. Please allow 2-3 weeks to process your visa 
application. Visa fees are not included in your trip cost and we require payment for the visa prior to sending the 
application. Please send Uncharted Outposts the following, at least one month prior to your departure: 
• 
Your valid passport (with appropriate blank pages) 
• 
Two 2x2 passport photographs per country 
• 
A completed and signed visa form per country 
Important: Remember to sign both your passport and visa form 
Visa cost per country if processed through Uncharted Outposts: 
• 
Kenya $95 US 
• 
Tanzania $150 US 
* For further information regarding passports and visas. please visit: 
*Before you leave home, we suggest you make photocopies of your passport. We also recommend bringing at 
least two extra 2x2 passport photographs. This will facilitate the replacement of your passport in the event your 
passport is lost or stolen. 
EFTA00730991
--- PAGE 3 ---
TRAVEL IMMUNIZATIONS 
UNCHARTED OUTPOSTS 
You will find East Africa to be a healthy and hospitable region to visit However, healthconcernsthroughout 
the world change regularly so we strongly recommend that you consult your physician regarding 
medications and immunizations that are recommended or mandatory. The following is a general 
outline, and you should make sure you are up-to-date on the following CDC recommendations: 
SUGGESTED IMMUNIZATIONS TO UPDATE 
• Tetanus-diphtheria vaccine 
• Measles, mumps & rubella 
• Polio vaccine 
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED IMMUNIZATIONS 
• Yellow fever vaccine is not required for travel to Kenya unless you have been to a potential infected 
area within 6 months of your travel dates. Tanzania does require the yellow fever vaccination. if you 
are traveling to multiple destinations (for example both Kenya and Tanzania or in combination with 
Southern Africa), a yellow fever vaccination is also required. 
• Typhoid immunization 
• Hepatitis A & B 
• Meningitis 
• Cholera vaccine for extended travel to East Africa (for a period of six months or more) 
• Malaria prophylactic 
Remember, not all immunizations can be taken or obtained on the same day or on the day of departure. 
Some immunizations must be administered over a period of time, while others cannot be given 
together. See your doctor at least 4-6 weeks before your trip to allow time for vaccines to take effect 
All vaccinations should be officially recorded and stamped in a yellow international immunization card. 
This card is obtained from the place of immunization and should be carried with your passport. 
The World Health Organization compiles a listing of required and recommended immunizations for 
International travelers. These recommendations can be obtained from the Centers for Disease Control 
and Prevention in Atlanta, Georgia at: 404-639-3311 or 404-639-2572. For the latest requirements 
and recommendations, consult your doctor and/or the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: 
www.cdc.gov/travel 
*Please take special note that any person who has undergone any surgery 12-18 months prior to 
travelling in Africa should be on antibacterial drugs for any risk of infection. This is imperative please 
consult with your doctor prior to your trip and be sure that you have adequate medications for this 
eventuality. 
EFTA00730992
--- PAGE 4 ---
UNCHARTED OUTPOSTS 
CURRENCY & TIPPING 
East Africa -wirer" 
As exchange rates in East Africa often fluctuate, we recommend that you check with your local bank or 
newspaper for current foreign exchange rates and information. The following website may be useful for 
checking current exchange rates: www.xe.com 
Kenya 
Kenya shilling 
Tanzania 
Tanzania shilling 
HOW MUCH MONEY SHOULD I TAKE? 
• $300 to $500 per person in U.S. cash ($50, $20, $10 small denominations for tipping) 
• We recommend you take a few $1 or $5 bills for city-stays and airport assistants 
• Credit cards are less widely accepted but can be used in some shops and restaurants (VISA is the 
most common credit card, MasterCard and American Express are less accepted) 
• Kenya & Tanzania do not allow you to export their currency. Plan your safari so you are left with as 
little local currency as possible before your departure home. 
* We strongly recommend keeping your passport, all money, vouchers, & international air tickets 
in a money belt or pouch. Most hotels and safari properties provide safety security boxes for your 
convenience 
TIPPING SUGGESTIONS 
It has been a custom since safaris first began to consider tips for your guides/drivers and support staff. 
Tipping is a personal and individual matter; the decision to tip and how much to give is entirely yours. 
Please bear in mind that tips are Oats in Kenya and Tanzania whereas in the United States and Europe 
they resemble payments/wages. The gratuity amount is to be given to your host upon departure from 
each safari property. Gratuities are then evenly distributed among all guides and staff members. We 
also suggest bringing extra tipping money for guides you feel have given exceptional service. Following 
is a general guideline: 
• Estimate $10-15 per person per day at individual safari properties 
• For drivers and guides estimate $5 - $10 per person traveling per day 
• Hotels & city services: $.50 - $1 for carrying bags, room service, etc. 
• When dining in city restaurants, it is best to pay by credit card. Tips are generally 10% 
EFTA00730993
--- PAGE 5 ---
UNCHARTED OUTPOSTS 
East Africa 
PHOTOGRAPHY INFORMATION 
CAMERAS & VIDEO: 
Our best advice for successful photography is to know your camera and/or video camera before you 
go on safari. Be sure to take plenty of film and/or memory cards for digital cameras as well as spare 
batteries! Lens cleansing fluid & tissue along with dust spray can be very useful. It is also great to bring 
along any cover cases/bags or lens covers for equipment protection. 
LENSES: 
The choice of the correct camera equipment and film will determine the quality of your photographs on 
the trip. For good photography of birds and animals, we recommend at least a 5.0 or 6.0 mega pixel 
or higher for digital cameras. A zoom or telephoto lens can be extremely useful on safari. A telephoto 
lens of at least 300 mm focal length or a zoom lens with a maximum focal length of at least 300 mm 
is recommended. 
* Always ask before photographing the native people. Do not take pictures of military installations. police 
stations, airports, soldiers, police or border posts you may have your film confiscated. 
VOLTAGE: 
East Africa operates on 220-voltage electricity so converters and adapters are necessary. Several safari 
properties provide adapters but it is advised that you bring your own for charging equipment. The following 
web site will be helpful in the purchase of converters and adapters: http://www.walkabouttravelgear. 
com 
GEN ERATORS: 
Most properties are run on generators and usually they are only turned on in the evenings. Please consult 
with your hosts for the best time to charge equipment. 
AVERAGE TEMPERATURES IN EAST AFRICA 
JAN 
FEB 
MAR 
APRIL 
MAY 
JUNE 
JULY 
AUG 
SEPT 
OCT 
NOV 
DEC 
KENYA, 
Nairobi 
, 
r. st... lzfq ,c;.? c.;h1 rz, :.)-::„ ;Y.:, . t t. yam_(a
Average High 
77°
80°
80°
76°
74°
73°
71°
72' 
76°
78°
75°
75°
Average Low 
58°
58°
60°
61°
59°
56°
54°
54°
55°
58°
60°
59°
Average Precip.(in4 
1.8° 
1.7' 
2.9" 
6.3' 
4.7' 
1.2" 
0.5' 
0.5" 
1.0" 
1.7' 
its.r 
3.0' 
TANZANIA, 
Dar es Salaam 
0, 
 U 
iC
iv .C
,
• 
l,:` 
:.i.: 
;i 
0, 
Average High 
87°
88°
87°
85°
84°
83°
82°
82°
84°
86°
87°
87°I
Average Low 
77°
76°
75°
74°
72°
68°
67°
67°
67°
70°
73°
76°
Average Precip.(lo.) 
2.8' 
2.5' 
5.0" 
10.6" 
7.2" 
1.3" 
1.1' 
1.0" 
1.1' 
1.9' 
3.3' 
3.7' 
EFTA00730994
--- PAGE 6 ---
UNCHARTED OUTPOSTS 
East Africa 
PACKING INFORMATION 
Africa is very casual and relaxed. There is no dress code; feel free to wear what you would like. 
However, do we have a few recommendations: 
• Plan to wear neutral colors; bright colors and white can startle animals. 
• Quick-dry clothing and layers seem to be the key. 
• Early mornings and evenings tend to be much cooler than the afternoon heat. 
• June - September nights & early mornings can be extremely cold; please pack sufficient warm 
clothing. 
• Washing and ironing is available at most safari properties 
The following is a general outline of items to pack: 
CLOTHING: 
• 5 - 6 T-shirts or other short sleeved shirts 
• 
2-3 long sleeve shirts 
• 
2-3 pair of casual pants (Khakis or cotton pants) 
• 
Causal skirt or Khakis for evening dinners 
• 2 - 3 pair of shorts 
• 
underclothes and socks 
• 
sleeping attire 
• 
bathing suit 
• 
safari Jacket or lightweight windbreaker 
• 
lightweight hiking shoe & sandal with backstrap (Teva/Chaco/Keen) 
*If you are doing any specific treks within Kenya or Rwanda we recommend a sturdy hiking boot with 
ankle support (water resistant or water proof) with gaitors 
• 
fleece/sweaters or sweatshirts 
• 
cotton turtleneck 
• 
Scarf to keep the neck warm 
• 
Gloves for early morning, chilly game drives 
OTHER ITEMS: 
• 
travelers' medicine for diarrhea, heart burn, indigestion, etc. 
• 
personal medications or prescriptions 
• 
insect repellent, preferably containing DEET 
• 
extra pair prescription glasses 
• 
contacts: bring ample cleaning supplies & wetting solutions 
• 
lotion, wash-n-drys, Kleenex, lip balm, eye drops 
• 
personal cosmetics, toiletries 
• 
sunglasses and sunscreen 
• 
hat or baseball cap along with a few bandanas 
• 
small bottle of washing detergent & fabreeze 
• 
money belt 
• 
camera/film/binoculars 
• 
converters for electrical equipment 
You will be limited to one carry-on bag and one soft duffle bag. Both bags should not exceed 33 lbs. for 
air-safety reasons on charter and schedule flights. Your carry-on should include your camera equipment 
& toiletries. 
EFTA00730995
--- PAGE 7 ---
UNCHARTED OUTPOSTS 
hag:Vika 
--4111511r
ir
LOST LUGGAGE TIPS 
In the event of Missing Luggage, please fill in the necessary report with the airline representa-
tive, giing our name and address in Nairobi as contact details followed by the name of the firt 
safari destination on the itinerary. 
(Example) 
BUSH HOMES OF EAST AFRICA LTD. 
KISIMA BUILDING, WILSON AIRPORT 
Emergency Mobile Telephone 
Office Mobile 
Office Phone 
Give the report to our driver so we can then track it, together with KEYS for any locks on the 
missing Item, as often customs ask to verify contents when the luggage does arrive. 
Airlines frequencies into Nairobi are generally once daiy or longer intervals, so it usually takes 
a FEW DAYS for Missing Baggage to arrive and be delivered to us. We will forward missing 
luggage to you on safari, but any costs incurred will be for your account to pay us, and to then 
claim on your travel insurance. There are some places to which the airline will deliver them-
selves - at their own cost, but some places they can't We are not responsible for any costs of 
forwarding missing luggage. 
Please DO NOT PACK CAMERAS or valuables an airline check-in luggage. If the bag does go 
missing you'll loose photo opportunities until you cameras cathces up with you and pilfering is 
common in many airports, so you could loose your camera completely! 
INTERNATIONAL CHECK-IN TIMES 
For ANY international flight (this includes flights between Kenya and South Africa), the check-in 
time required by the airlines is 
HOURS prior to flight departure time. This allows for delays 
at the security screening units in each terminal. There is no first class / club class fast track 
through security screening. This is particularly pertinent for night time departures when a num-
ber of International Airlines leave at similiar times. It is in your best interest to get there early! 
EFTA00730996

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730997.pdf
----------------------------------------
D 
IT 
LEOPOLD-KUVIN A 
CONSUMER JUSTICE ATTORNEYS 
January 7, 2010 
Via Fax and Mail 
Robert Critton, Esq. 
Burman Critton, et. al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
B.B. v. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
OUR FILE NO.: 080303 
Dear Bob: 
Thank you for your letter of January 7, 2010. Initially, I find it interesting that you respond to 
my request for deposition dates of Mr. Goldsmith while ignoring all of my correspondence 
regarding the motion you currently have set for January 26, 2010. Regardless, I respectfully 
disagree with your analysis of what information Mr. Goldsmith may have that is relevant to my 
client's case. 
As you will note in my Amended Complaint, we have alleged that there is a much larger 
conspiracy with respect to Mr. Epstein and his criminal sex organization. As you are well aware, 
my client was only one of many girls who were procured by Mr. Epstein in continuance of this 
illegal conspiracy. Further, other similar bad act evidence is relevant and admissible under Fla. 
Stat. §90.404. 
It is clear from the evidence that has already been generated in this litigation that Mr. Goldsmith 
was having conversations directly with Mr. Epstein at or around the time of the police 
investigation. You further know, through the deposition of Chief Reiter, that Mr. Goldsmith was 
attempting to persuade Chief Reiter to drop his investigation of Mr. Epstein, so much so that he 
bordered on illegal conduct according to Chief Reiter. I believe that it is entirely reasonable that 
as a result of Mr. Goldsmith's conversations with Mr. Epstein, and his subsequent conversations 
with Chief Reiter, that he likely has relevant information regarding the illegal sexual enterprise 
being run by Mr. Epstein out of his home at or around the time that my client was taken there. It 
is also reasonable to assume that given Mr. Goldsmith's close relationship with Mr. Epstein that 
he may have been at the home when certain girls were taken there, and may have discussed the 
facts of this case and the prosecution of Mr. Epstein with him directly. 
2925 PGA Boulevard o Suite 200 a Palm Beach Gardens n Florida 33410 ■ 561.515.1400 ■ fax 561.515.1401 s 
CRASHWORTI IINESS • MANAGED CARE ABUSE • CONSUMER CLASS ACTIONS • PERSONA!. INJURY • WRONGED'. DEATI I 
EFTA00730997
--- PAGE 2 ---
January 7, 2010 
Page .2 of 2 
While I understand that you may respectfully disagree with my intention to proceed with this 
deposition, I reasonably believe that it may lead to the discovery of relevant and potentially 
admissible information. If you disagree, I am more than willing to set this deposition in the 
future with enough time for you, or Mr. Ooldmith, to file the appropriate Motion for Protective 
Order so that we may discuss this directly with the Court. 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. I would like to schedule this deposition for a 
mutually convenient date so that if the Court denies any Motion for Protective Order, the 
deposition can proceed as scheduled. 
Please give me a call if you have any questions. 
R 
KUVIN 
STK:mlb 
EFTA00730998

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00730999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00730999.pdf
----------------------------------------
D 
IT 
LEOPOLD-KUVIN A 
CONSUMER JUSTICE ATTORNEYS 
January 7, 2010 
Via Fax and Mail 
Robert Critton, Esq. 
Burman Critton, et. al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
B.B. v. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
OUR FILE NO.: 080303 
Dear Bob: 
Thank you for your letter of January 7, 2010. Initially, I find it interesting that you respond to 
my request for deposition dates of Mr. Goldsmith while ignoring all of my correspondence 
regarding the motion you currently have set for January 26, 2010. Regardless, I respectfully 
disagree with your analysis of what information Mr. Goldsmith may have that is relevant to my 
client's case. 
As you will note in my Amended Complaint, we have alleged that there is a much larger 
conspiracy with respect to Mr. Epstein and his criminal sex organization. As you are well aware, 
my client was only one of many girls who were procured by Mr. Epstein in continuance of this 
illegal conspiracy. Further, other similar bad act evidence is relevant and admissible under Fla. 
Stat. §90.404. 
It is clear from the evidence that has already been generated in this litigation that Mr. Goldsmith 
was having conversations directly with Mr. Epstein at or around the time of the police 
investigation. You further know, through the deposition of Chief Reiter, that Mr. Goldsmith was 
attempting to persuade Chief Reiter to drop his investigation of Mr. Epstein, so much so that he 
bordered on illegal conduct according to Chief Reiter. I believe that it is entirely reasonable that 
as a result of Mr. Goldsmith's conversations with Mr. Epstein, and his subsequent conversations 
with Chief Reiter, that he likely has relevant information regarding the illegal sexual enterprise 
being run by Mr. Epstein out of his home at or around the time that my client was taken there. It 
is also reasonable to assume that given Mr. Goldsmith's close relationship with Mr. Epstein that 
he may have been at the home when certain girls were taken there, and may have discussed the 
facts of this case and the prosecution of Mr. Epstein with him directly. 
2925 PGA Boulevard o Suite 200 a Palm Beach Gardens n Florida 33410 ■ 561.515.1400 ■ fax 561.515.1401 s 
CRASHWORTI IINESS • MANAGED CARE ABUSE • CONSUMER CLASS ACTIONS • PERSONA!. INJURY • WRONGED'. DEATI I 
EFTA00730999
--- PAGE 2 ---
January 7, 2010 
Page .2 of 2 
While I understand that you may respectfully disagree with my intention to proceed with this 
deposition, I reasonably believe that it may lead to the discovery of relevant and potentially 
admissible information. If you disagree, I am more than willing to set this deposition in the 
future with enough time for you, or Mr. Ooldmith, to file the appropriate Motion for Protective 
Order so that we may discuss this directly with the Court. 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. I would like to schedule this deposition for a 
mutually convenient date so that if the Court denies any Motion for Protective Order, the 
deposition can proceed as scheduled. 
Please give me a call if you have any questions. 
R 
KUVIN 
STK:mlb 
EFTA00731000
--- PAGE 3 ---
DEDICATED 
TO JUSTICE 
& SA1 1
1 
LEOPOLD -KUVIN., 
CONSUMER JUSTICE ATTORNEYS 
January 7, 2010 
THIS LETTER IS MADE PURSUANT TO FLA. STAT. § 90.408 
Via e-mail, fax and mail 
Robert Critton, Esq. 
Burman Critton, et. al. 
303 Banyan Boulevard 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
B.B. v. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
OUR FILE NO.: 080303 
Dear Robed: 
It has come to my attention that your client is accusing certain attorneys of failing to attempt to 
negotiate, and potentially resolve their cases. Please be advised that, I have always been, and 
continue to be interested in sitting down with you and your client in order to have a reasonable 
discourse and discussion about the potential resolution of the B B case, as well as other client(s) 
that I may represent. M you are aware, early on in this case we served a Proposal for 
Settlement. If your client would like to engage in reasonable and good faith discussions in an 
attempt to amicably resolve this matter, my door is always open and 1 would always take your 
call. Obviously, it does no one any good to litigate a case if an amicable resolution can be 
reached. From my client's perspective, she would be much more inclined to have these 
discussions before her and her family are forced to go through what would likely be a difficult 
and lengthy deposition process. 
Please let me know at your soonest convenience how you would like t.0 proceed in this regard. 
STK:mlb 
2925 PGA Boulevard is Suite 200 ■ Palm Beech Gardens • Florida 33410 
CRASHWORTHINESS • MANAGED CARE ABUSE • CONSUMER CLASS ACTIONS • PERSONAL INJURY • WRONGFUL DEATH 
EFTA00731001

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731002.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-80447-KAM Document 3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/31/2010 Page 1 of 2 
A0440 (Rev. 12/09) Swains in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORJE 
Plaintiff 
v. 
JEFFREY. EPSTEIN 
Defendant 
) 
) 
) 
) 
Civil Action No. 10-80447-CV-MARRa 
) 
) 
) 
SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: (Defendant's matte and address) JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
358 EL BRILLO WAY 
PALM BEACH, FL 33480 
A lawsuit has been filed against you. 
Within 21 days after service of this summons on you (not counting the day you received it) — or 60 days if you 
are the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 12 (aX2) or (3)— you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiff's attorney, 
whose name and address are: 
SPENCER T. KUVIN, ESQ. 
O OLD- UVIN 
PALM BEACH GARDENS, FL 33410 
If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. 
You also mit file your answer or motion with the court. 
Date: 
03/31/2010 
Steven M. Larimore 
Clerk of Court 
SUMMONS 
s/Jose Conway 
Deputy Clerk 
U.S. District Courts 
EFTA00731002
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:10-cv-80447-KAM Document 3 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/31/2010 Page 2 of 2 
AO 440 (Rev. 12/09) Summons in a Civil Action (Page 2) 
Civil Action No. 10-80447-CV-MARR 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not bulled with the court unless required by Fed It Clv. P. 4 (1)) 
This summons for (name of tndtvld rhr and title, (fang) 
was received by me on (date) 
1 personally served the summons on the individual at (place) 
on (date) 
; or 
1 left the sununons at the individual's residence or usual place of abode with (name) 
, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 
on (dote) 
, and mailed a copy to the individual's last known address; or 
I served the summons on (name of individual) 
designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of (nerve of organization) 
on (date) 
I returned the summons unexecuted because 
Other (rpeco): 
My fees are $ 
, who is 
; or 
for travel and $ 
for services, for a total of $  
. 0.00 
I declare.under penalty of perjury.that this information is true. 
Date: 
• 
; or
Server's signature 
Printed name and Mk 
Server's address 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
EFTA00731003
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:10-cv-80447-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLED Docket 03/31/2010 Page 1 of 12 
THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
FOR THE SOUT }trim DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
• 
• 
Civil Action No. 
CASE NO: . 
vs. 
Plaintiff 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
COMPLAINT 
Plaintiff, II., brings this Complaint against defendant, Jeffery Epstein ("Defendant"), 
and states is follows: 
PARTIES, JURISDICTION, AND VENUE 
At MI limes Material to this cause of action, Plaintiff was a resident of Palm Beach 
CianifY; 
. 2. this CoMplaint is brought under a fictitious name to protect the identity of Plaintiff 
berrat4e this Complaint makes spnsitivir allegations of sexual assault and abuse of a then 
minor. 
3. At all times material to this cause of action, Defendant owned a residence located at 358 
El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, PahnBeach Comity, Florida. 
4. Defendant is presently a Citizen of the United States Virgin Islands. Pursuant to the plea 
agreement entered by thebefdidairt instate emit and the senteti4 Which Canned on 
EFTA00731004
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:10-cv-80447-XXXX Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/31/2010 Page 2 of 12 
June 30, 2008, Defendant is currently under community control in Palm Beach County, 
Florida. 
5. Defendant is an adult male born on January 20, 1953. 
6. This Court has jurisdiction over this action and the claiths set forth herein pursuant to 18 
U.S.C. § 2255. 
7. This Court has venue of this action pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1391(b), as a substantial part 
of the events giving rise to the claim occurred in this District. 
STATEMENT OF THE FACTS 
8. At all relevant times, Defendant was an adult male spanning the ages of 45 and 55 years 
old. Defendant is known as a billionaire financier and money manager with a secret 
clientele limited exclusively to billionaires. He is a man of tremendous wealth, power, 
and influence. He owns a fleet of aircrafts that include a Gulfstreatn IV, a helicopter, and 
a Boeing 727, as well as a fleet of motor vehicles. Until his incarceration pursuant to the 
plea entered and sentencing, which occurred on June 30, 2008, he maintained his 
principal place of residence in the largest dwelling in Manhattan, a 51,000-square-foot 
eight-story mansion on the Upper East Side. He also owns a $6.8 million mansion in 
Palm Beach, Florida, a $30 million 7,500-acre ranch in New Mexico he named "Zorro," a 
70-acre private island known as Little St. James in the U.S. Virgin Islands, a mansion in 
London's Westminster neighborhood, and another residence in the Avenue Foch area of 
Paris. The allegations herein concern Defendant's conduct while at his lavish residence in 
Palm Beach and numerous other locations both nationally and internationally. 
9, Defendant has a sexual preference for underage minor girls. He engaged in a plan, 
scheme, or enterprise in which he gained access to countless vulnerable and relatively 
Page 2 of 12 
EFTA00731005
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:10-cv-80447-XXXX Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/31/2010 Page 3 of 12 
economically disadvantaged minor girls, and sexually assaulted, molested, and/or 
exploited these girls, and then gave them money. 
10. Beginning in or around 1998 through in or around September 2007, Defendant used his 
resources and his influence over vulnerable minor girls to engage in a systematic pattern 
of sexually exploitative behavior. 
11. Defendant's plan and scheme reflected a particular pattern and method. Defendant 
coerced and enticed impressionable, vulnerable, and relatively economically less 
fortunate minor girls to participate in various acts of sexual misconduct that he 
committed upon them. Defendant's scheme involved the use of underage girls, as well as 
other individuals, to recruit underage girls. Defendant and/or an authorized agent would 
call and alert Defendant's assistants shortly before or after he arrived at his Palm Beach 
residence. His assistants would call economically disadvantaged and underage girls from 
West Palm Beach and surrounding areas who would be enticed by the money being 
offered and who Defendant and/or his assistants perceived as less likely to complain to 
authorities or have credibility issues if allegations of improper conduct were made. The 
then minor Plaintiff and other minor girls, some as young as 14 years old, were 
transported to Defendant's Palm Beach mansion by Defendant's employees, agents, 
and/or assistants in order to provide Defendant with "massages." 
12. Many of the instances of illegal sexual conduct committed by Defendant were perpetrated 
with the assistance, support, and facilitation of at least three assistants who helped him 
orchestrate this child exploitation enterprise. These assistants would arrange times for 
underage girls to come to Defendant's residence, transport or cause the transportation of 
underage girls to Defendant's residence, escort the underage girls to the massage room 
Page 3 of 12 
EFTA00731006
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:10-cv-80447-XXXX Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/31/2010 Page 4 of 12 
where Defendant would be waiting or would enter shortly thereafter, urge the underage 
girls to remove their clothes, deliver cash from Defendant to the underage girls and/or 
their procurers at the conclusion of each "massage appointment," and assist Defendant in 
taking nude photographs and/or videos of the underage girls with and/or without their 
knowledge. Defendant would pay the procurer of each girl's "appointment" hundreds of 
dollars. t 
13. Defendant designed this scheme to secure a private place in Defendant's Palm Beach 
mansion where only persons employed and invited by Defendant would be present, so as 
to reduce the chance of detection of Defendant's sexual abuse and/or exploitation, as well 
as to make it more difficult for the minor girls to flee the premises and/or to credibly 
report his actions to law enforcement or other authorities. The girls were usually 
transported by his employee(s), agerit(s), and/or assistant(s) and/or by taxicab(s) and/or 
motor vehicle(s) paid for by Defendant, which also made it difficult for the girls to flee 
his mansion. 
14. Upon her initial arrival at Defendant's Palm Beach mansion, each underage victim would 
generally be introduced to one of Defendant's assistants, who would gather the girl's 
personal contact information. The minor girl would be led up a remote flight of stairs to a 
room that contained a massage table and a large shower. 
15. At times, if it was the girl's first "massage" appointment, another female would be in the 
room to "lead the way." Generally the other female would leave, or Defendant would 
dismiss her. Often, Defendant would start his massage wearing only a small towel, which 
eventually would be removed. Defendant and/or the other female would direct the girl to 
massage him, giving the minor girl specific instructions as to where and how he wanted 
Page 4 of 12 
EFTA00731007
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:10-cv-80447-XXXX Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/31/2010 Page 5 of 12 
to be touched, and then direct her to remove her clothing. Defendant would then perform 
one or more lewd, lascivious, and sexual acts, including masturbation; fondling the 
minor's breasts and/or sexual organs; touching the minor's vulva, vagina, and/or anus 
with a vibrator, back massager, his finger(s), and/or his penis; digitally penetrating her 
vagina; performing intercourse, oral sex, and/or anal sex; and/or coercing or attempting to 
coerce the girl to engage in lewd acts and/or prostitution and/or enticing the then minor 
girls to engage in sexual acts with another female in Defendant's presence. The exact 
degree of the molestation and frequency with which the sexual exploitations took placed 
varied and is not yet completely known; however, Defendant committed such acts 
regularly on a daily basis and, in most instances, severaLtimes a day. In order to facilitate 
the daily exchanges of money for sexual assault and abuse, Defendant kept U.S. currency 
readily available. 
16. Defendant was particularly skillful at discerning his minor victims' respective hopes, 
dreams, and ambitions. As he did with many of his victims, Defendant and his associates 
lured Plaintiff early-on with modeling opportunities, impressing her with his modeling 
business and contacts with supermodels, indicating that they could help her with a 
modeling career. 
17. Consistent with the foregoing plan and scheme, Defendant used his money, wealth and 
power to unduly and improperly manipulate and influence the then minor Plaintiff. 
18. Plaintiff originally was introduced to Defendant when-she was fifteen (15) years old. She 
was approached by a friend of hers in High School, who was also a victim of Epstein's 
scheme. 
Page 5 of 12 
EFTA00731008
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:10-cv-80447-XXXX Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/31/2010 Page 6 of 12 
19. Plaintiff was originally told that she would be going to Defendant's home to for a 
potential modeling job. Plaintiff went to Defendant's Palm Beach mansion accompanied 
by this other victim of Defendant. Upon arriving, Plaintiff/was led up a flight of stairs to 
a room with a shower and a massage table. Defendant entered the room, instructed 
Plaintiff to massage him and proceeded to sexually molest the then minor Plaintiff 
20. While confined in the bathroom with Defendant, Plaintiff was told by Defendant to 
undress. Plaintiff was then told to massage Defendant while he lay there naked, but for a 
small hand towel over his genitals. 
21. During this nude massage, Defendant touched Plaintiff's breasts and stroked her vagina 
with his fingers. Defendant masturbated during this naked massage while touching her 
vagina. 
22. Defendant then ejaculated into a towel. He then paid minor Plaintiff two hundred dollars, 
and Plaintiff was escorted out of Defendant's mansion and left Defendant's property. 
23. After this incident Defendant threatened Plaintiff "that if she told anyone what happened 
at his house bad things could happen." 
24. Over the course of the next several weeks a similar pattern of grooming continued and 
the sexual exploitation progressively escalated. One of Defendant's associations, 
ME approached the then minor Plaintiff. While at the mansion 
led the 
minor Plaintiff upstairs to Defendant's shower and massage room. Plaintiff was 
instructed to massage Defendant. While 
was initially present she soon left 
the then minor Plaintiff with the Defendant. Alone with the minor Plaintiff the 
Defendant seized upon this opportunity to persuade Plaintiff to take off her shirt. Once 
Defendant was able to exert influence over this minor Plaintiff he escalated his sexual 
Page 6 of 12 
EFTA00731009
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:10-cv-80447-XXXX Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/31/2010 Page 7 of 12 
exploitation. Without Plaintiff's consent the Defendant fondled her body parts including 
her vagina and breasts. Defendant proceeded to abuse the then minor Plaintiff with a 
vibrator, which he pushed onto her private parts. Defendant then penetrated the then 
minor Plaintiff's vagina with his fmgers. After Defendant completed his sexual battery 
he paid the then minor Plaintiff and threatened her against telling any person, including 
the police and her parents, of what had occurred. 
25. After abusing the minor Plaintiff the Defendant or his associates would call the minor 
Plaintiff at her home. If the then minor Plaintiff did not answer the Defendant would take 
steps to find out where she was. Throughout the length and past the physical conclusion 
of Defendant's sexual exploitation of minor Plaintiff the Defendant and/or his associates 
would incessantly call Plaintiff. During some of these phone calls the Defendant or his 
associates would harass Plaintiff to recruit other minor girls threatening Plaintiff she 
would be in trouble if she did not. 
26. In June 2008, after an investigation by the Palm Beach Police Department, the State 
Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the United States Attorneys 
Office, Defendant entered pleas of "guilty" to one count of solicitation of prostitution, in 
violation of Fla. Stat. § 796.07, and one count of solicitation of a minor to engage in 
prostitution, in violation of Fla. Stat. § 796.03 in the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in Palm 
Beach County, Florida. 
27. As a condition of that plea; Defendant entered into a Non-Prosecution Agreement, 
Addendum, and Affmnation (collectively, the "NPA") with the United States Attorney's 
Office for the Southern District of Florida on September 24, 2007, October 29; 2007, and 
Page 7 of 12 
EFTA00731010
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:10-cv-80447-XXXX Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/31/2010 Page 8 of 12 
December 7, 2007, respectively. In so doing, Defendant acknowledged that Plaintiff was 
one of his victims and agreed to the following provisions of the NPA: 
8. If any of the (acknowledged victims] elects to file suit pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255, Epstein 
will not contest the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of 
Florida over his person and/or the subject matter, and Epstein waives his right to contest liability 
and also waives his right to contest damages up to an amount agreed to between the identified 
individual and Epstein, so long as the identified individual ejects to proceed exclusively under 18 
U.S.C. §2255, and agrees to waive any other claim for damages, whether pursuant to state, federal 
or common law. 
10. Except as to those individuals who elect to proceed exclusively under 18 U.S.C. §2255, as set 
forth in paragraph (8), supra, neither Epsteln's signature on this agreement, nor its tern's, nor any 
resulting waivers or settlements by Epstein are to be construed as admissions of evidence or 
evidence of civil or criminal liability or a waive of any jurisdictional or other defense as to any 
person, whether or not her name appears on the list provided by the United States (emphasis 
added). 
28. Plaintiff was among the individuals identified by the United States Attorney's Office as 
victims of Defendant upon whose testimony it intended to base its federal prosecution of 
Defendant for his illegal conduct. Consequently, Defendant is estopped by his state Court 
plea and the Non-Prosecution Agreement in denying the acts alleged in this Complaint 
and must effectively admit liability to Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 104. 
COUNT I 
Cause Of Action For Coercion And Enticement Of Minor To Engage In Prostitution Or 
Sexual Activity Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. § 2255 In Violation Of 18 U.S.C. & 24220)) 
29. Plaintiff hereby adopts, repeats, re-alleges, and incorporates by reference the allegations 
contained in paragraphs 1 through 22 above. 
30. Defendant used a facility or means of interstate and/or foreign commerce to knowingly 
persuade, induce, entice, or coerce Plaintiff, when she was under the age of 18 years, to 
engage in prostitution and/or sexual activity for which any person can be charged with a 
criminal offense, or attempted to do so, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 in violation of 18 
U.S.C. § 2422(b). 
31. Plaintiff was a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.0 § 2255, and, as such, 
• 
Page 8 of 12 
EFTA00731011
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:10-cv-80447-XXXX Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/31/2010 Page 9 of 12 
asserts a cause of action against Defendant pursuant to this Section of the United States Code. 
32. Asa direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.0 § 2255 being 
committed against the then minor Plaintiff by Defendant, Plaintiff has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future continue to suffer, physical injury, pain and suffering, 
emotional distress, psychological and/or psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, 
confusion, embarrassment, loss of educational opportunities, loss of self-esteem, loss of 
dignity, invasion of her privacy, separation from her family, and other damages 
associated with Defendant's manipulating and luring her into a perverse and unhealthy 
way of life. The then minor Plaintiff incurred medical and psychological expenses, and 
Plaintiff will in the future incur additional medical and psychological expenses. Plaintiff 
has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn income in the future, and a 
loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These injuries are permanent in nature, and Plaintiff will 
continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
im• 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against Defendant for all damages available.
under 18 U.S.0 § 2255, including, without limitation, actual and compensatory damages, 
attorney's fees, costs of suit, and such other further relief as this Cdurt deems just and proper, and 
hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT TWO 
Cause Of Action For Sexual Exploitation Of Children Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. 4 2255 In 
Violation Of 18 U.S.C. 42251 
33. Plaintiff hereby adopts, repeats, re-alleges, and incorporates by reference /the allegations 
contained in paragraphs l through 22 above.
34. Defendant knowingly persuaded, induced, enticed, or coerced the then minor Plaintiff to 
engage in sexually explicit conduct for the purpose of producing a visual depiction of such 
conduct, in violation of 18 U.S.0 § 2251. 
Page 9 of 12 
EFTA00731012
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:10-cv-80447-XXXX Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/31/2010 Page 10 of 12 
35. Plaintiff was a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255, and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against Defendant pursuant to this Section of the United 
States Code. 
36. Asa direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 being 
committed against the then minor Plaintiff by Defendant, Plaintiff has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future continue to suffer, physical injury, pain and suffering, 
emotional distress, psychological and/or psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, 
confusion, embarrassment, loss of educational opportunities, loss of self-esteem, loss of 
dignity, invasion of her privacy, separation from her family, and other damages 
associated with Defendants manipulating and luring her into a perverse and unhealthy 
way of life. The then minor Plaintiff incurred medical and psychological expenses, and 
Plaintiff will in the future incur additional medical and psychological expenses. Plaintiff 
has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn income in the future, and a 
loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These injuries are permanent in nature, and Plaintiff will 
continue to suffer these losses in theifutUre. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against Defendant for all damages available 
under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, including, without limitation, actual and compensatory damages, 
attorney's fees, costs of suit, and such other further relief as this Court deems just and proper, and 
hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
COUNT THREE 
Cause.Of Action For Engaging In A Child Exploitation Enterprise Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. 
2$5 In Violation O118 U.S.C, 4225.2A fal 
37. Plaintiff hereby adopts, repeats, re-alleges, and incorporates by reference the allegations 
contained in paragraphs 1 through 22 above and Counts One and Two above. 
Page 10 of 12 
EFTA00731013
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:10-cv-80447-XXXX Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 03/31/2010 Page 11 of 12 
38. Defendant knowingly engaged in a child exploitation enterprise, as defined in 18 U.S.C. 
§ 2252A (g) (2), in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2252A (g) (1). As more fully set forth above, 
Defendant engaged in actions that constitute countless violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1591 
(sex trafficking of children), Chapter 110 (sexual exploitation of children in violation of 
U.S.C. §§ 2251, 2252(a) (1), and 2252(A) (a) (1)), and Chapter 117 (transportation for 
illegal sexual activity in violation of 18 U.S.C. §i 2421, 2422(b), and 2423(b)). As more 
fully set forth above in paragraphs 1 through 22, Defendant's actions involved countless 
victims and countless separate incidents of sexual abuse, which he committed against 
minors, including Plaintiff, in concert with at least three other persons. 
39. Plaintiff was a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255, and, as 
such, asserts a cause of action against Defendant pursuant to this Section of the United 
States Code. 
40. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 being, 
committed against the then minor Plaintiff by Defendant Plaintiff has in the past 
suffered, and will in the future continue to suffer, physical injury, pain and suffering, 
emotional distress, psychological and/or psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, 
confusion, embarrassment, loss of educational opportunities, loss of self-esteem, loss of 
dignity, invasion of her privacy, separation from her family, and other damages 
associated with Defendant's manipulating and luring her into a perverse and unhealthy 
way of life. The then minor Plaintiff incurred medical and psychological expenses, and 
Plaintiff will in the future incur additional medical and psychological expenses. Plaintiff 
has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn income in the future, and a 
loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These injuries are permanent in nature, and Plaintiff will 
Page II of 12 
EFTA00731014

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731015.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 
502008CA037319X3OOCMB AB 
B.B, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
MOTION TO COMPEL PROPER RESPONSES TO PLAINTIFF'S SUPPLEMENTAL 
REQUESTS FOR ADMISSION DATED FEBRUARY 4, 2010 
Plaintiff, B.B., by and through undersigned counsel, hereby files this Motion to Compel 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, to properly respond to Plaintiff's Requests for Admission 
Dated February 4, 2010, and as grounds therefore states as follows: 
1. 
On February 4, 2010, Plaintiff served Defendant with twelve Requests for 
Admissions. (Exhibit "A"). 
2. 
On March 17, 2010, Defendant responded to each Request identically (Exhibit 
"A") — in essence acknowledging that Defendant intends to respond to all relevant discovery but 
at the moment is asserting his U.S. Constitutional privileges. 
3. 
Florida Statute § 775.15 prescribes the statute of limitations for the criminal acts 
Defendant committed upon Plaintiff. Statute attached hereto as Exhibit "B." 
4. 
Plaintiff is a victim of the second degree felonies prescribed under Florida 
Statutes §§ 800.04 ("Lewd or lascivious offenses committed upon or in the presence of persons 
EFTA00731015
--- PAGE 2 ---
less than 16 years of age") and 794.011 ("Sexual battery"). Statutes attached hereto as Exhibit 
5. 
The statute of limitation for a second degree felony is three years. However, due 
to the nature of the crime' the statute of limitation did not begin to run until after the Plaintiff 
turned eighteen years old. 
6. 
The crime occurred before the Plaintiff turned eighteen years old. 
7. 
The Plaintiff turned eighteen years old before March, 2007. 
8. 
Accordingly, the statute of limitations expired before March, 2010. As of today, 
the Defendant no longer fears criminal prosecution for the crimes he committed upon Plaintiff. 
9. 
In response to Plaintiff's Requests for Admissions, after the statute of limitation 
ran, Defendant asserted his Constitutional privileges. Defendant's assertion is improper. The 
statue of limitations expired; Defendant no longer fears criminal prosecution for his acts against 
Plaintiff. 
10. 
Accordingly, Defendant should no longer be allowed to hide behind his U.S. 
Constitutional privileges. It is time for Defendant to fulfill his intention and respond to all 
relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff requests this honorable Court to require Defendant to properly 
Respond to Plaintiffs Requests for Admissions dated February 4, 2010. 
Fla. Stat. § 775.15(13Xa)"(13Xa) If the victim of a violation of 4. 794.011 former s. 794.05 Florida Statutes 
1995, s. 800.04, 4 826.04, or s. 847.0135(5) is under the age of 18, the applicable period of limitation, if any, does 
not begin to run until the victim has reached the age of 18 or the violation is reported to a law enforcement agency or 
other governmental agency, whichever occurs earlier. Such law enforcement agency or other governmental agency 
shall promptly report such allegation to the state attorney for the judicial circuit in which the alleged violation 
occurred. If the offense is a first or second degree felony violation of s. 794.011, and the offense is reported within 
hours after its commission, the prosecution for such offense may be commenced at any time. This paragraph 
applies to any such offense except an offense the prosecution of which would have been barred by subsection (2) on 
or before December 31, 1984." 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA00731016
--- PAGE 3 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was furnished by U. S. 
Mail, postage prepaid, thisi day of 
1,  2_010  to Jack A. Goldberger, Esq., 250 Australian 
Avenue, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Bruce E. Reinhart, Esq., 250 Australian Avenue 
South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401; Robert D. Critton, Jr., Michael J. Pike, 303 
Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
LEOPOLD-KUVIN, P.A. 
2925 PGA Boulevard 
Suite 200 
Palm Beach s  dens, FL 33410 
By: 
Ile) 
T. KUVIN 
Florida Bar No.: 0089737 
ADAM J. LANCING 
Florida Bar No.: 0031368 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA00731017
--- PAGE 4 ---
03/17/2010 09:11 FAX 5612530164 
BURMAN CRITTON LUTTIER 
002/0i4 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
B.B, 
CASE NO: 
502008CA037319XXXXIVIB AB 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
DEFENDANT. JEFFERY EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE TO 
PLAINTIFF'S SUPPLF.MENTAL REQUEST FOR ADMISSIONS 
RATED 2/4/10 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through the undersigned attorneys, and pursuant to 
F.R.C.P. 1.350, hereby responds to Plaintiff, B.B.'s Request for Admissions, dated February 4, 2010, 
as follows: 
1. 
Admit that Jeffrey Epstein had a motive to sexually assault the Plaintiff. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my-
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. See peLisi v. Bankers Ins. Company, 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hiqgark 84 S.Ct. 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "[i]t 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court."); 5 Fed.Prac. & Proc. Civ. 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny — Privilege Against 
Self-Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 Fla.Jur.2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
EFTA00731018
--- PAGE 5 ---
03/17/2010 OS:11 FAX 5612530164 
BURMAN BRITTON LUTTIER 
003/G14 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
2. 
Admit that Jeffrey Epstein had the opportunity to sexually assault the Plaintiff. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege, Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. See PeLisi v. Bankers Ins. Company, 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4i° DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hogan, 84 S,Ct. 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "[i]t 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court."); 5 Fed.Prac. & Proc. Civ. 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny— Privilege Against 
Self-Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 Fla,Jur.2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
3. 
Admit that Jeffrey Epstein had the opportunity to meet the Plaintiff. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution, Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. See 1)eLisi v, Bankers Ins. Cornpa y 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hogan 84 S.Ct. 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "[i]t 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court"); 5 Fed.Prac. & Proc. Civ, 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny — Privilege Against 
Page 2 of 8 
EFTA00731019
--- PAGE 6 ---
03/17/2010 08:11 FAX 5612530164 
BURMAN CRITTON LUTTIER 
gh004/014 
Self-Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 Flaiur,2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. - "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
4. 
Admit that Jeffrey Epstein had the opportunity to have the Plaintiff in his home in the 
year 2005. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution, Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. Sec ,DeLisi v. Bankers Jns. Company, 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hogan, 84 S.Ct. 1489, 1495 (I 964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "113t 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court."); 5 Fed.Prac. & Proc. Civ. 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny — Privilege Against 
Self-Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 Fla.Jur.2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... a 
_ 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
4. 
Admit that Jeffrey Epstein had the intent to sexually assault the Plaintiff. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
Page 3 of 8 
EFTA00731020
--- PAGE 7 ---
03/17/2010 09:11 FAX 5612530164 
BURMAN CRITTON LUTTIER 
01005/014 
against self-incrimination. See DeLisi v. Bankers Ins. Company, 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hogan. 84 S.Ct. 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "[i]t 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court."); 5 Fed.Prac. &. Proc, Civ. 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny — Privilege Against 
Self-Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 FlaJur.2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
6. 
Admit that Jeffrey Epstein had a plan in place to sexually assault the Plaintiff. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. See DeLisi v. Bankers Ins. Company, 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hogan, 84 S.O. 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "[ijt 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court"); 5 Fed.Prac. & Proc. Civ. 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny — Privilege Against 
Self-Incrimination (",..court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege -as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 f la.Sur.2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege.
7. Admit that Jeffrey Epstein had a plan in place to procure girls under the age of eighteen 
to come to his home for nude massages in 2005. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
Page 4 of 8 
EFTA00731021
--- PAGE 8 ---
03/17/2010 09:11 FAX 5612530164 
BURMAN CRIM.; LUTTIER 
006/014 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. See DeItisi v. Bankers Ins, Company 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hogan. 84 S,Ct, 1489, 1495 (1 964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "[i]x 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court."); 5 Fed.Prac. & Proc, Civ. 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny — Privilege Against 
Self-Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 yla.Jur,2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
8. Admit that Jeffrey Epstein had knowledge that Plaintiff was under the age of eighteen 
when she carne to his home fora nude massage in 2005. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination, See PeLisi v, Bankers Ins. Company, 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hogan, 84 S.Ct, 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "[i]t 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court."); 5 Fed.Prac. & Proc. Civ. 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Dc-ny — Privilege Against 
Self:Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 Fla.Jurld Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
9. Admit that Jeffrey Epstein did not make a mistake regarding Plaintiffs age at the time 
she came to his home for a nude massage. 
Page 5 of 8 
EFTA00731022
--- PAGE 9 ---
03/17/2010 09:12 FAX 5612530164 
BURMAN CRITTON LUTTIER 
lb 007/014 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, 1 assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference undcr these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. See PeLisi v, Bankers Ins. Conmany, 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4'h DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hogan, 84 S.Ct. 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "[i]l 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in statc or 
federal court"); 5 Fed.Prac. & Proc. Civ. 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny — Privilege Against 
Self-Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 Fla.Jur.2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination), because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
10. Admit that Jeffrey Epstein did not make a mistake about the age of any of the girls which 
came to his home in the years 2004, 2005 or 2006 regarding their ages being under 
eighteen. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution, Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. See DeLisi v. Bankers Ins. Company, 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4`h DCA 
1983); yallov v. Hogan, 84 S.Ct. 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "[i]t 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court."); 5 Fed.Prac. & Proc. Civ. 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny— Privilege Against 
Self-Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 Fla.Jur.2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
Page 6 of 8 
EFTA00731023
--- PAGE 10 ---
03/17/2010 09:12 FAX 5612530164 
BURNAN CRITTON LUTTIER 
'&06/014 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
11. Admit that Jeffrey Epstein had knowledge that all the girls that came to his home for 
nude massages in 2004, 2005 or 2006 were under the age of eighteen. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. See DeLisi v. Bankers Ins. Company, 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hogan, 84 S.Ct. 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "[i]t 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court"); 5 Fed.Prac. & Proc. Civ. 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Derry— Privilege Against 
Self Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 Fla.Jur.2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
12. 
Admit that Jeffrey Epstein had knowledge that some the girls that came to his home for 
nude massages in 2004, 2005 or 2006 were under the age of eighteen. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. See PeLisi v. Bankers Ins. Company, 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hogan 84 S.Ct. 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "Mt 
Page 7 of 8 
EFTA00731024
--- PAGE 11 ---
03/17/2010 09:12 FAX 5612530164 
BURMAN GRIFFON LUTTIER 
009/014 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court."); 5 ,Fed.Prac. & Proc. Civ. 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny — Privilege Against 
Self-Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial"). See also 24 Fla.Jur.2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination), because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was sent by fax and U.S. 
Mail to the following addressees on this 1,?-clay of March, 2010. 
Theodore J. Leopold, Esq. 
Spencer T. KuviLdiSsq. 
Leopold-Kuvin, 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite 200 
FL 33410 
Fax 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
WJ. I
L 33401-5012 
Fax: 
x:
for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN, LLP 
303 Banyan Blvd., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
By: 
Robert D. Critter', Jr. 
Florida Bar *224162 
Michael J. Pike 
Florida Bar #617296 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Page 8 of 8 
EFTA00731025
--- PAGE 12 ---
03/17/2010 09: 12 FAX 5612530164 
BURMAN CRITTON LUITIER 
010/014 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
15TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
B.B, 
CASE NO: 
Plaintiff, 
502008CA037319XXXX.MB AB 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
DEFENDANT, JEFFERY EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE TO 
PLAINTIFF'S FIRST REQUEST FOR ADMISSIONS 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through the undersigned attorneys, and pursuant to 
F.R.C.P. 1.350, hereby responds to Plaintiff, 13.8.'5 Request for Admissions, as follows: 
1. Admit that B.B. suffered emotional trauma as a result of what occurred at Jeffrey 
Epstein's home. 
Response: 
In response, Defrndant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. See DeLisi v. Bankers Ins. Company, 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hogan, 84 S.Ct. 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "(iMt 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court."); 5 Fed.Prac. & Proc. Civ, 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny — Privilege Against 
Self-Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 F1a.Jur.2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil action& — "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
EFTA00731026
--- PAGE 13 ---
08/17/2010 08:12 FAX 5612530184 
BURMAN CRITTON LUTTIER 
121011/014 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege.
However, Epstein's attorneys state that his expert, Dr. Hall, will provide information/testimony 
that will refine this allegation. 
2. 
Admit that Dr. Mary Littlefield's diagnosis of B.B. with having post traumatic stress 
disorder as a result of what occurred at Jeffrey Epstein's home is a correct diagnosis. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. See DeLisi v. Bankers Ins. Company, 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1983); Malloy v, Hogan, 84 S.Ct. 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "[It 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court.")• 5 Fed,Pru. & Proc. Civ. 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny — Privilege Against 
Self-Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 Fla.Jur.2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
However, Epstein's attorneys state that his expert, Dr. Hall, will provide information/testimony 
that will refute this allegation. 
3. 
Admit from the date of incident at Jeffrey Epstein's home, B.B. has not faked or 
exaggerated her emotional trauma or symptoms on any occasion. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
Page 2 of 5 
EFTA00731027
--- PAGE 14 ---
03/17/2010 09:12 FAX 5612530164 
BURMAN BRITTON LUTTIER 
a012/014 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. See DeLisi v. Bankers Ins. Company. 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4`b DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hogan 84 S.Q. 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "[l]t 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court."); 5 Fedirac. & Proc. Ciy,_3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny — Privilege Against 
Self-Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 F1aJur.2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
However, Epstein's attorneys state that his expert, Dr. Hall, will provide information/testimony 
that will refute this allegation. 
4. 
Admit that a 15 year old girl can suffer from emotional trauma as a result of sexual 
activity with an adult male over 50 years old. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. See DeLisi v. Bankers Ins. Company, 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hogan, 84 S.Ct, 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "bit 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court"); 5 Fed.Prac. & Proc. Civ. 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny — Privilege Against 
Self-Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 Fla.Jur.2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... a 
civil defendant who raises an affinnative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
Page 3 of 5 
EFTA00731028
--- PAGE 15 ---
03/17/2010 09 :13 FAX 5812530164 
BURMAN CRITTON LUTTIER 
I?0'.. ;0 
There are insufficient facts asserted for Epstein's attorneys and experts to admit or deny these 
allegations. 
5. Admit that B.B. is having difficulties with intimacy in her relationships with boys her age 
as a result of the incident that occurred with Jeffrey Epstein. 
Response: 
In response, Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges as specified 
herein. 
I intend to respond to all relevant discovery regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that I cannot provide answers to any discovery relevant to this 
lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation and my Fifth Amendment Privilege. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the 
United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. Defendant asserts his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination. See DeLisi y. Bankers Ins. Company 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1983); Malloy v. Hogan 84 S.Ct. 1489, 1495 (1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination 
Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment - "[j]t 
would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of privilege 
based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or 
federal court"); 5 Fed.Prac. & Proc. Civ. 3d §1280 Effect of Failure to Deny— Privilege Against 
Self-Incrimination ("...court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a 
specific denial."). See also 24 Fla,Jur.2d Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. — "... 
civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not precluded from asserting the privilege 
[against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute the kind of voluntary 
application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 
There are insufficient facts asserted for Epstein's attorneys and experts to admit or deny these 
allegations. 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was sent by fax and 
U.S. Mail to the following addressees on this j7 day of March, 2010, 
Theodore J. Leopold, Esq. 
Spencer T. Kuvina _Esq. 
Leopold-Kuvin,.. 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
Fax: 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, It 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Fax: OISMORfile 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN, LLP 
Page 4 of 5 
EFTA00731029
--- PAGE 16 ---
03/17/2010 09:13 FAX 5612530164 
BURMAN CRITTDN LUTTIER 
IM014/014 
303 Banyan Ely 
West Palm 
By: 
Suite 400 
L 3340] 
tton, Jr. 
Florida w 224162 
Michael I. Pike 
Florida Bar #617296 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Page 5 of 5 
EFTA00731030
--- PAGE 17 ---
Page 1 of 5 
Westlaw. 
West's F.S.A. § 775.15 
Effective: October 1, 2008 
West's Florida Statutes Annotated Currentness 
Title XLVI. Crimes (Chapters 775-899) 
Ks Chapter 775. Definitions; General Penalties; Registration of Criminals (Refs & Annos) 
- 
775.15. Time limitations; general time limitations; exceptions 
Page ) 
(I) A prosecution for a capital felony, a life felony, or a felony that resulted in a death may be commenced at 
any time. If the death penalty is held to be unconstitutional by the Florida Supreme Court or the United States 
Supreme Court, all crimes designated as capital felonies shall be considered life felonies for the purposes of this 
section, and prosecution for such crimes may be commenced at any time. 
(2) Except as otherwise provided in this section, prosecutions for other offenses are subject to the following 
periods of limitation: 
(a) A prosecution for a felony of the first degree must be commenced within 4 years after it is committed. 
(b) A prosecution for any other felony must be commenced within 3 years after it is committed. 
(c) A prosecution for a misdemeanor of the first degree must be commenced within 2 years after it is committed. 
(d) A prosecution for a misdemeanor of the second degree or a noncriminal violation must be commenced within 
year after it is committed. 
(3) An offense is committed either when every element has occurred or, if a legislative purpose to prohibit a 
continuing course of conduct plainly appears, at the time when the course of conduct or the defendant's compli-
city therein is terminated. Time starts to run on the day after the offense is committed. 
(4)(a) Prosecution on a charge on which the defendant has previously been arrested or served with a summons is 
commenced by the filing of an indictment, information, or other charging document. 
(b) A prosecution on a charge on which the defendant has not previously been arrested or served with a sum-
mons is commenced when either an indictment or information is filed, provided the capias, summons, or other 
process issued on such indictment or information is executed without unreasonable delay. In determining what is 
reasonable, inability to locate the defendant after diligent search or the defendant's absence from the state shall 
be considered. The failure to execute process on or extradite a defendant in another state who has been charged 
O 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
https://web2.westlaw.com/print/printstream.aspx?prft=HTMLE&ifm=NotSet&destination=atp&sv—Splits... 4/8/2010 
EFTA00731031
--- PAGE 18 ---
Page 2 of 5 
West's F.S.A. § 775.15 
Page 2 
by information or indictment with a crime in this state shall not constitute an unreasonable delay. 
(c) If, however, an indictment or information has been filed within the time period prescribed in this section and 
the indictment or information is dismissed or set aside because of a defect in its content or form after the time 
period has elapsed, the period for commencing prosecution shall be extended 3 months from the time the indict-
ment or information is dismissed or set aside. 
(5) The period of limitation does not run during any time when the defendant is continuously absent from the 
state or has no reasonably ascertainable place of abode or work within the state. This provision shall not extend 
the period of limitation otherwise applicable by more than 3 years, but shall not be construed to limit the prosec-
ution of a defendant who has been timely charged by indictment or information or other charging document and 
who has not been arrested due to his or her absence from this state or has not been extradited for prosecution 
from another state. 
(6) A prosecution for perjury in an official proceeding that relates to the prosecution of a capital felony may be 
commenced at any time. 
(7) A prosecution for a felony that resulted in injury to any person, when such felony arises from the use of a 
"destructive device," as defined in s. 790.001, may be commenced within 10 years. 
(8) A prosecution for a felony violation of chapter 517 or s. 409.920 must be commenced within 5 years after the 
violation is committed. 
(9) A prosecution for a felony violation of chapter 403 must be commenced within 5 years after the date of dis-
covery of the violation. 
(10) A prosecution for a felony violation of s. 825.102 or s. 825.103 must be commenced within 5 years after it 
is committed. 
(I I) A prosecution for a felony violation of ss. 440.105 and 817.234 must be commenced within 5 years after 
the violation is committed. 
(12) If the period prescribed in subsection (2), subsection (8), subsection (9), subsection (10), or subsection (I I) 
has expired, a prosecution may nevertheless be commenced for: 
(a) Any offense, a material element of which is either fraud or a breach of fiduciary obligation, within 1 year 
after discovery of the offense by an aggrieved party or by a person who has a legal duty to represent an ag-
grieved party and who is himself or herself not a party to the offense, but in no case shall this provision extend 
the period of limitation otherwise applicable by more than 3 years. 
O 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
https://web2.westlaw.com/print/printstrearn.aspx?prft=HTMLE2tifm=NotSet&destination=atp&sv--Split&rs... 4/8/2010 
EFTA00731032
--- PAGE 19 ---
Page 3 of 5 
West's F.S.A. § 775.15 
Page 3 
(b) Any offense based upon misconduct in office by a public officer or employee at any time when the defendant 
is in public office or employment, within 2 years from the time he or she leaves public office or employment, or 
during any time permitted by any other part of this section, whichever time is greater. 
(13Xa) If the victim of a violation of s. 794.011, former s. 794.05, Florida Statutes 1995, s. 800.04, s. 826.04, or 
s. 847.0135(5) is under the age of 18, the applicable period of limitation, if any, does not begin to run until the 
victim has reached the age of 18 or the violation is reported to a law enforcement agency or other governmental 
agency, whichever occurs earlier. Such law enforcement agency or other governmental agency shall promptly 
report such allegation to the state attorney for the judicial circuit in which the alleged violation occurred. If the 
offense is a first or second degree felony violation of s. 794.011, and the offense is reported within 72 hours 
after its commission, the prosecution for such offense may be commenced at any time. This paragraph applies to 
any such offense except an offense the prosecution of which would have been barred by subsection (2) on or be-
fore December 31, 1984. 
(b) If the offense is a first degree felony violation of s. 794.011 and the victim was under 18 years of age at the 
time the offense was committed, a prosecution of the offense may be commenced at any time. This paragraph 
applies to any such offense except an offense the prosecution of which would have been barred by subsection (2) 
on or before October 1, 2003. 
(14) A prosecution for a first or second degree felony violation of s. 794.011, if the victim is 18 years of age or 
older at the time of the offense and the offense is reported to a law enforcement agency within 72 hours after 
commission of the offense, may be commenced at any time. If the offense is not reported within 72 hours after 
the commission of the offense, the prosecution must be commenced within the time periods prescribed in sub-
section (2). 
(15Xa) In addition to the time periods prescribed in this section, a prosecution for any of the following offenses 
may be commenced within 1 year after the date on which the identity of the accused is established, or should 
have been established by the exercise of due diligence, through the analysis of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) 
evidence, if a sufficient portion of the evidence collected at the time of the original investigation and tested for 
DNA is preserved and available for testing by the accused: 
1. An offense of sexual battery under chapter 794. 
2. A lewd or lascivious offense under s. 800.04 or s. 825.1025. 
(b) This subsection applies to any offense that is not otherwise barred from prosecution between July 1, 2004, 
and June 30, 2006. 
(16Xa) In addition to the time periods prescribed in this section, a prosecution for any of the following offenses 
may be commenced at any time after the date on which the identity of the accused is established, or should have 
been established by the exercise of due diligence, through the analysis of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) evid-
O 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
https://web2.westlaw.com/print/printstream.aspx7prft=HTMLE&ifm=NotSetesdestination=atp&sv=Split8crs... 4/8/2010 
EFTA00731033
--- PAGE 20 ---
Page 4 of 5 
West's F.S.A. § 775.15 
Page 4 
ence, if a sufficient portion of the evidence collected at the time of the original investigation and tested for DNA 
is preserved and available for testing by the accused: 
1. Aggravated battery or any felony battery offense under chapter 784. 
2. Kidnapping under s. 787.01 or false imprisonment under s. 787.02. 
3. An offense of sexual battery under chapter 794. 
4. A lewd or lascivious offense under s. 800.04, s. 825.1025, or s. 847.0135(5). 
5. A burglary offense under s. 810.02. 
6. A robbery offense under s. 812.13, s. 812.131, or s. 812.135. 
7. Carjacking under s. 812.133. 
8. Aggravated child abuse under s. 827.03. 
(b) This subsection applies to any offense that is not otherwise barred from prosecution on or after July 1, 2006. 
CREDIT(S) 
Act Feb. 10, 1832, § 78; Rev.St.1892, § 2357; Laws 1901, c. 4915, § 1; Gen.St.1906, §§ 3181, 3182; 
Rev.Gen.St.I920, §§ 5011, 5012; Comp.Gen.Laws 1927, §§ 7113, 7114; Laws 1935, c. 16962, § 1; Laws 1951, 
c. 26484, § 10; Fla.St.1969, §§ 932.05, 932.06; Laws 1970, c. 70-339, § 109; Fla.St.1970, Supp. § 915.03; 
Fla.St.1973, § 932.465; Laws 1974, c. 74-383, § 10; Laws 1976, c. 76-275, § 1; Laws 1977, c. 77-174, § 1; Laws 
1978, c. 78-435, § 12; Laws 1984, c. 84-86, § 6; Laws 1984, c. 84-550, § 1; Laws 1985, c. 85-63, § 10; Laws 
1989, c. 89-143, § 4; Laws 1990, c. 90-120, § 2; Laws 1991, c. 91-258, § 2. Amended by Laws 1993, c. 93-156, 
§ 16, eft. Oct. 1, 1993; Laws 1995, c. 95-158, § 17, eff. July I, 1995; Laws 1995, c. 95.418, § 139, eff. July I, 
1995; Laws 1996, c. 96-145, § 1, eff. Oct. 1, 1996; Laws 1996, c. 96-280, § 3, eff. Oct. 1, 1996; Laws 1996, c. 
96-322, § 3, eft Oct. 1, 1996; Laws 1996, c. 96-409, § 4, eft Oct. I, 1996; Laws 1997, c. 97-36, § 1, eff. Oct. 1, 
1997; Laws 1997, c. 97-90, § 1, eff. July 1, 1997; Laws 1997, c. 97-102, § 1812, eft July 1, 1997; Laws 1997, c. 
97-104, § 1, eff. May 24, 1997; Laws 1998, c. 98-174, § 17, eff. Jan. 1, 1999; Laws 1999, c. 99-201, § 7, eff. 
Oct. I, 1999; Laws 1999, c. 99-204, § 5, eft. Oct. I, 1999; Laws 2000, c. 2000-246, § 3, eff. Oct. 1, 2000; Laws 
2001, c. 2001-102, § 1, eft Oct. I, 2001; Laws 2002, c. 2002-168, § I, eff. Oct. 1, 2002; Laws 2003, c. 
2003-116, § 1, eft Oct. 1, 2003; Laws 2004, c. 2004-94, § 1, eft July 1, 2004; Laws 2005, c. 2005-110, § 1, elf. 
July 1, 2005; Laws 2006, c. 2006-266, § I, eff. July 1, 2006; Laws 2008, c. 2008-172, § 15, eff. Oct. 1, 2008. 
O 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
https://web2.westlaw.com/print/printstream.aspx?prft=HTMLE&ifm=NotSet&destination=atp&sv=Split&rs... 4/8/2010 
EFTA00731034
--- PAGE 21 ---
Page 5 of 5 
West's F.S.A. § 775.15 
Page 5 
Current with chapters in effect from the 2010 Second Regular Session of the Twenty-First Legislature through 
March 30, 2010 
(C) 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
END OF DOCUMENT 
O 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
https://web2.westlaw.eom/print/printstream.aspx?prft=HTMLE8cifm=NotSet&destination=atp&sv=Split&rs... 4/8/2010 
EFTA00731035
--- PAGE 22 ---
Page 1 of 4 
Wd4iaw. 
West's F.S.A. § 794.011 
Page I 
Effective: April 29, 2002 
West's Florida Statutes Annotated Currentness 
Title XLVI. Crimes (Chapters 775-899) 
'via Chapter 794. Sexual Battery (Refs & Annos) 
-o 794.011. Sexual battery 
(1) As used in this chapter: 
(a) "Consent" means intelligent, knowing, and voluntary consent and does not include coerced submission. 
"Consent" shall not be deemed or construed to mean the failure by the alleged victim to offer physical resistance 
to the offender. 
(b) "Mentally defective" means a mental disease or defect which renders a person temporarily or permanently 
incapable of appraising the nature of his or her conduct. 
(c) "Mentally incapacitated" means temporarily incapable of appraising or controlling a person's own conduct 
due to the influence of a narcotic, anesthetic, or intoxicating substance administered without his or her consent 
or due to any other act committed upon that person without his or her consent. 
(d) "Offender" means a person accused of a sexual offense in violation of a provision of this chapter. 
(e) "Physically helpless" means unconscious, asleep, or for any other reason physically unable to communicate 
unwillingness to an act. 
(1) "Retaliation" includes, but is not limited to, threats of future physical punishment, kidnapping, false impris-
onment or forcible confinement, or extortion. 
(g) "Serious personal injury" means great bodily harm or pain, permanent disability, or permanent disfigure- ment. 
(h) "Sexual battery" means oral, anal, or vaginal penetration by, or union with, the sexual organ of another or 
the anal or vaginal penetration of another by any other object; however, sexual battery does not include an act 
done for a bona fide medical purpose. 
(i) "Victim" means a person who has been the object of a sexual offense. 
O 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
https://web2.westlaw.com/print/printstream.aspx?prft=HTMLE8cdestination=atp&sv=Split&rs-WLW10.03... 
4/8/2010 
EFTA00731036
--- PAGE 23 ---
Page 2 of 4 
West's F.S.A. § 794.011 
Page 2 
(j) "Physically incapacitated" means bodily impaired or handicapped and substantially limited in ability to resist 
or flee. 
(2Xa) A person 18 years of age or older who commits sexual battery upon, or in an attempt to commit sexual 
battery injures the sexual organs of, a person less than 12 years of age commits a capital felony, punishable as 
provided in ss. 775.082 and 921.141. 
(b) A person less than 18 years of age who commits sexual battery upon, or in an attempt to commit sexual bat-
tery injures the sexual organs of, a person less than 12 years of age commits a life felony, punishable as 
provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, s. 775.084, or s. 794.0115. 
(3) A person who commits sexual battery upon a person 12 years of age or older, without that person's consent, 
and in the process thereof uses or threatens to use a deadly weapon or uses actual physical force likely to cause 
serious personal injury commits a life felony, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, s. 775.084, or s. 
794.0115. 
(4) A person who commits sexual battery upon a person 12 years of age or older without that person's consent, 
under any of the following circumstances, commits a felony of the first degree, punishable as provided in s. 
775.082, s. 775.083, s. 775.084, or s. 794.0115: 
(a) When the victim is physically helpless to resist. 
(b) When the offender coerces the victim to submit by threatening to use force or violence likely to cause serious 
personal injury on the victim, and the victim reasonably believes that the offender has the present ability to ex-
ecute the threat. 
(c) When the offender coerces the victim to submit by threatening to retaliate against the victim, or any other 
person, and the victim reasonably believes that the offender has the ability to execute the threat in the future. 
(d) When the offender, without the prior knowledge or consent of the victim, administers or has knowledge of 
someone else administering to the victim any narcotic, anesthetic, or other intoxicating substance which men-
tally or physically incapacitates the victim. 
(e) When the victim is mentally defective and the offender has reason to believe this or has actual knowledge of 
this fact. 
(I) When the victim is physically incapacitated. 
(g) When the offender is a law enforcement officer, correctional officer, or correctional probation officer as 
O 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
https://web2.westlaw.com/prindprintstream.aspx?prii—HTMLE&destination=atp&sv=Split&rs=WLW10.03... 
4/8/2010 
EFTA00731037
--- PAGE 24 ---
Page 3 of 4 
West's F.S.A. § 794.011 
Page 3 
defined by s. 943.10(1), (2), (3), (6), (7), (8), or (9), who is certified under the provisions of s. 943.1395 or is an 
elected official
 from such certification by virtue of s. 943.253, or any other person in a position of con-
trol or authority in a probation, community control, controlled release, detention, custodial, or similar setting, 
and such officer, official, or person is acting in such a manner as to lead the victim to reasonably believe that the 
offender is in a position of control or authority as an agent or employee of government. 
(5) A person who commits sexual battery upon a person 12 years of age or older, without that person's consent, 
and in the process thereof does not use physical force and violence likely to cause serious personal injury com-
mits a felony of the second degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, s. 775.084, or s. 794.0115. 
(6) The offense described in subsection (5) is included in any sexual battery offense charged under subsection 
(3) or subsection (4). 
(7) A person who is convicted of committing a sexual battery on or after October 1, 1992, is not eligible for ba-
sic gain-time under s. 944.275. This subsection may be cited as the "Junny Rios-Martinez, Jr. Act of 1992." 
(8) Without regard to the willingness or consent of the victim, which is not a defense to prosecution under this 
subsection, a person who is in a position of familial or custodial authority to a person less than 18 years of age 
and who: 
(a) Solicits that person to engage in any act which would constitute sexual battery under paragraph (1)(h) com-
mits a felony of the third degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, ors. 775.084. 
(b) Engages in any act with that person while the person is 12 years of age or older but less than 18 years of age 
which constitutes sexual battery under paragraph (l)(h) commits a felony of the first degree, punishable as 
provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.084. 
(c) Engages in any act with that person while the person is less than 12 years of age which constitutes sexual 
battery under paragraph (1)(h), or in an attempt to commit sexual battery injures the sexual organs of such per-
son commits a capital or life felony, punishable pursuant to subsection (2). 
(9) For prosecution under paragraph (4)(g), acquiescence to a person reasonably believed by the victim to be in a 
position of authority or control does not constitute consent, and it is not a defense that the perpetrator was not 
actually in a position of control or authority if the circumstances were such as to lead the victim to reasonably 
believe that the person was in such a position. 
(10) Any person who falsely accuses any person listed in paragraph (4Xg) or other person in a position of con-
trol or authority as an agent or employee of government of violating paragraph (4)(g) is guilty of a felony of the 
third degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.084. 
O 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
https://web2.westlaw.com/print/printstream.aspx?pri1=HTMLE&destination=atp&sv=Split&rs=WLW10.03... 
4/8/2010 
EFTA00731038
--- PAGE 25 ---
Page 4 of 4 
West's F.S.A. § 794.011 
Page 4 
CREDIT(S) 
Laws 1974, c. 74-121, § 2; Laws 1975, c. 75-298, § 17; Laws 1984, c. 84-86, § 1; Laws 1989, c. 89-216, § 1. 
Amended by Laws 1992, c. 92-135, § 3, eff. April 8, 1992; Laws 1992, c. 92-310, § 1, eff. July 6, 1992; Laws 
1993, c. 93-156, § 3, eff. Oct. I, 1993; Laws 1995, c. 95.348, § 2, eff. July 1, 1995; Laws 1999, c. 99-3, § 99, 
eft. June 29, 1999; Laws 1999, c. 99-188, § 8, eff. July 1, 1999; Laws 2002, c. 2002-211, § 1, elf. April 29, 2002 . 
Current with chapters in effect from the 2010 Second Regular Session of the Twenty-First Legislature through 
March 30, 2010 
(C) 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
END OF DOCUMENT 
2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
https://web2.westlaw.corn/print/printstream.aspx?prft=HTMLE8tdestination=atp&sv-=Split&rs=WLW10.03... 
4/8/2010 
EFTA00731039
--- PAGE 26 ---
Page 1 of 3 
West's F.S.A. § 800.04 
C 
Effective: October 1, 2008 
Page I 
West's Florida Statutes Annotated Currentness 
Title XLVI. Crimes (Chapters 775-899) 
Ns Chapter 800. Lewdness; Indecent Exposure (Refs & Annos) 
-. 800.04. Lewd or lascivious offenses committed upon or in the presence of persons less than 16 
years of age 
(1) Definitions.—As used in this section: 
(a) "Sexual activity" means the oral, anal, or vaginal penetration by, or union with, the sexual organ of another 
or the anal or vaginal penetration of another by any other object; however, sexual activity does not include an 
act done for a bona fide medical purpose. 
(b) "Consent" means intelligent, knowing, and voluntary consent, and does not include submission by coercion. 
(c) "Coercion" means the use of exploitation, bribes, threats of force, or intimidation to gain cooperation or 
compliance. 
(d) "Victim" means a person upon whom an offense described in this section was committed or attempted or a 
person who has reported a violation of this section to a law enforcement officer. 
(2) Prohibited defenses.—Neither the victim's lack of chastity nor the victim's consent is a defense to the crimes 
proscribed by this section. 
(3) Ignorance or belief of victim's age.—The perpetrator's ignorance of the victim's age, the victim's misrepres-
entation of his or her age, or the perpetrator's bona fide belief of the victim's age cannot be raised as a defense in 
a prosecution under this section. 
(4) Lewd or lascivious battery.—A person who: 
(a) Engages in sexual activity with a person 12 years of age or older but less than 16 years of age; or 
(b) Encourages, forces, or entices any person less than 16 years of age to engage in sadomasochistic abuse, sexu-
al bestiality, prostitution, or any other act involving sexual activity 
O 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
haps://web2.westlaw.conn/print/printstream.aspx?prft—HTMLE&ifin=NotSet&destination=atp&sv=Splitgas... 4/8/2010 
EFTA00731040
--- PAGE 27 ---
Page 2 of 3 
West's F.S.A. § 800.04 
Page 2 
commits lewd or lascivious battery, a felony of the second degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 
775.083, or s. 775.084. 
(5) Lewd or lascivious molestation.—
(a) A person who intentionally touches in a lewd or lascivious manner the breasts, genitals, genital area, or but-
tocks, or the clothing covering them, of a person less than 16 years of age, or forces or entices a person under 16 
years of age to so touch the perpetrator, commits lewd or lascivious molestation. 
(b) An offender 18 years of age or older who commits lewd or lascivious molestation against a victim less than 
years of age commits a life felony, punishable as provided ins. 775.082(3)(a)4. 
(c)l. An offender less than 18 years of age who commits lewd or lascivious molestation against a victim less 
then 12 years of age; or 
2. An offender 18 years of age or older who commits lewd or lascivious molestation against a victim 12 years of 
age or older but less than 16 years of age 
commits a felony of the second degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.084. 
(d) An offender less than 18 years of age who commits lewd or lascivious molestation against a victim 12 years 
of age or older but less than 16 years of age commits a felony of the third degree, punishable as provided in s. 
775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.084. 
(6) Lewd or lascivious conduct.—
(a) A person who: 
1. Intentionally touches a person under 16 years of age in a lewd or lascivious manner; or 
2. Solicits a person under 16 years of age to commit a lewd or lascivious act 
commits lewd or lascivious conduct. 
(b) An offender 18 years of age or older who commits lewd or lascivious conduct commits a felony of the 
second degree, punishable as provided ins. 775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.084. 
(c) An offender less than 18 years of age who commits lewd or lascivious conduct commits a felony of the third 
degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.084. 
C 2010 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works. 
ittps://web2.westlaw.corn/print/printstrearmaspx?prftr-HTMLE&ifm=NotSettcdestination=atp&sv=Spliars... 4/8/2010 
EFTA00731041

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731042.pdf
----------------------------------------
Using 
A seminar 
Your iPad as a Remote 
by Ben Rosner, founder and CEO of e-home 
• 
iPd 
• 
• 
Apple's recent introduction of the iPad has revolutionized 
the field of home integration. We can now use an iPad app 
to control music, TV, lights, shades, temperature, alarm, 
security cameras, and more. This seminar will offer the 
design community a non-technical overview of the iPad as 
home controller. 
When: Tuesday, June 29 at 5:00pm 
Where: Verdi Square Showroom, 2091 Broadway (at 73rd St.) 
Please RSVP to: 
or 
Refreshments will be served 
EFTA00731042

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731043.pdf
----------------------------------------
Invoice 
2401 Rambla Pacifico 
Malibu, CA 
90265 
Invoice #: 
Invoice 
Date: 
Customer 
Bill To: 
Enhanced Education 
Palm Beach Florida 
Phone: 
Email 
July 2010 
Date 
Ordered 
By 
Our Order 
# 
Sales Rep. 
Ship Via 
Terms 
Tax ID 
Page 
May2010 
Rich 
Seckel 
Immediate 
954575548 
1/2 
Quant 
ity 
Item 
Description 
Total 
Coordination fee for setting up science conference, 
25,000 
Arranging speakers, demonstrations, exhibits, venue 
Amount to be paid in U.S. Dollars by international 
Wire transfer. See attached banking information. 
Subtotal 
$25000 
Tax 
N/A 
Shipping 
$20000 
Installation 
N/A 
Balance Due 
$25000 
EFTA00731043

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731044.pdf
----------------------------------------
2401 Rambla Pacifico 
Malibu, CA 90265 
Invoice — Wire Transfer Info. 
Bill To: 
Enhanced Education 
Palm Beach, FL 
Phone: 
Email: 
Invoice #: 
n/a 
Invoice Date: 
May 2010 
Customer ID: 
Enhanced Education 
Date 
Ordered By 
Our Order 
# 
Sales Rep. 
Ship Via 
Terms 
Tax ID 
Page 
May2010 
Rich 
Al Seckel 
 See 
ovnI
ice 
2/2 
Wire Transfer Information: 
Account name: IllusionWorks, L.L.C. 
Bank: Bank of America 
Account 
Routing # 
Bank Address: 23717 Malibu Road 
Malibu, CA 90265 
EFTA00731044

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731045.pdf
----------------------------------------
2401 Rambla Pacifico 
Malibu, CA 90265 
Invoice — Wire Transfer Info. 
Bill To: 
Enhanced Education 
Palm Beach, FL 
Phone: 
Email: 
Invoice #: 
n/a 
Invoice Date: 
May 2010 
Customer ID: 
Enhanced Education 
Date 
Ordered By 
Our Order 
# 
Sales Rep. 
Ship Via 
Terms 
Tax ID 
Page 
May2010 
Rich 
Al Seckel 
 See 
ovnI
ice 
2/2 
Wire Transfer Information: 
Account name: IllusionWorks, L.L.C. 
Bank: Bank of America 
Account 
Routing # 
Bank Address: 23717 Malibu Road 
Malibu, CA 90265 
EFTA00731045

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731046.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00731046

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731047.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 31, 2009 
Record/Information Dissemination Section 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Department of Justice 
170 Marcel Drive 
Winchester, VA 22602-4843 
REQUEST UNDER FREEEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT AND PRIVACY ACT 
To Whom It May Concern: 
This letter constitutes a request ("Request") under the Freedom of Information 
Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 ("FOIA"), the Justice Department's implementing regulations 
(including 28 C.F.R. § 16.1), the Privacy Act, 5 U.S.C. §552a, and all other applicable 
regulations and other applicable provisions of law. 
This Request is submitted by undersigned counsel on behalf of our client, Jeffrey 
Epstein ("the Requester" or "Epstein. Submitted with this request is an executed Privacy 
Waiver signed by Mr Epstein and designated counsel to receive the results of this FOIA 
request. 
I. 
The Requester 
Jeffrey Epstein is a natural person. His birthdate is 
. His place of 
birth is 
. His social security number is 
. He 
resides at 
II. 
Request. 
Mr. Epstein seeks disclosure of any records' documents, files, communications, 
memorandums, orders, agreements and/or instructions created from January 1, 2000 to 
December 31, 2009, that were prepared received, transmitted, collected, and/or 
maintained by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Department of Justice, or any their 
components or field offices, including but not limited to the following: 
I The term "records" as used herein includes all records or communications preserved in electronic or 
written form, including but not limited to correspondence, documents, data, videotapes, audiotapes, faxes, 
files, guidance, guidelines, evaluations, instructions, analysis, memoranda, agreements, notes, orders, 
policies, procedures, protocols, reports, rules, technical manuals, technical specifications, training manuals, 
or studies. 
EFTA00731047
--- PAGE 2 ---
1. 
Any records, order, agreement, or accommodation relating or referring to Epstein, 
including but not limited to records that document monitoring, surveillance, 
observation, questioning, interrogation, investigation, and/or collection of 
information relating to Epstein. 
2. 
Any records relating or referring to how, why, or when Epstein was selected to be 
a subject of monitoring, surveillance, observation, questioning, interrogation, 
investigation, and/or collection of information. 
We preauthorize spending up to $1,000.00. 
We specifically request that a cross-reference search be conducted for the 
requested materials. Likewise, we specifically request that the requested search include 
but not be limited to a search of the FBI's Central Records System ("CRS"), Electronic 
Surveillance ("ELSUR") indices and so-called tickler files. 
Pursuant to applicable regulations and statutes, if this request is denied in whole 
or in part, we request that you justify all deletions by reference to specific exemptions of 
the FOIA, the Privacy Act, and any other provisions of law upon which you rely. Unless 
you reply otherwise within the response deadline set forth in the FOIA, I will assume that 
you do not claim that you are not the proper office to receive this request. Mr. Epstein 
reserves the right to appeal a decision to withhold any information. 
Please furnish all requested information to my above-listed office. Thank you. 
Respectfully, 
Martin G. Weinberg 
EFTA00731048

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731049.pdf
----------------------------------------
2010 39' Midnight Express Cuddy Cabin 
Exhibit 1 
Please note below includes all Features and Options that will be on Vessel. 
Agreed upon price for the Options and Features Below- S118,820 
• 100% Hand Laid Fiberglass 
"Nida Core" Deck, Hull Sides & Cockpit Sole 
• One-piece Interliner, Hand Laid Fiberglass Bonded to Hull 
Vinylester & Isophatalic Resins 
• Self Bailing Cockpit 
• Custom Extended Radar Arch wl (2) Recessed Red Lights in Arch Plate, (2) Trick 
-(LED) Lights Mounted Center Pipe of Top, (2) Rear Spreaders, 
and Aft Boarding Grab Handles. Powder Coated White with 
-Choice of Canvas 
• Multi-Bank Maintenance Free Odyssey Batteries with 4 year warranty 
• ProMariner Multi-Bank Waterproof Battery charger w/ 30Amp Shore Power (50' Cable Included) 
• Fiberglass Helm Seat with rear facing seat, cooler, cup holders and rod holders in back rest, 
and storage 
• (2) Steps Molded into Console for Helm Seating 
• Full Coaming Bolsters wl PVC Backing (removable) 
• Transom Door wl Walk Through 
• Rear Hatch wl Hydraulic Ram for Access to Bilge 
• Custom Grab Rails on Console Powder Coated White 
• Ritchie SS2000 flush mounted Compass 
• Dino Steering Wheel 
• Private Stand Up Head (6'6") in console w1 Fresh Water Flush 
• Finished Fiberglass Liner in Head wl Fresh Water Shower 
• Dockside Waste Pump Out and Macerated Over Board Discharge 
• (2) 7' Fish Boxes wl Macerator Pump Out 
- (2) Gas Fills Port & Starboard (1) Fuel Tank 
• Fresh Water Showers (1) Amidship (1) on Stern- 45 Gallon Water Tank 
• Dual Ram Hydraulic Steering 
• Racing Trim Tabs wl One Button Override 
• Folding Switch Panel (Backlit) 
• Circuit Breaker Panel wl Digital Volt Meter 
- (8) Flush Mounted 8" Stainless Steel Pull Up Cleats 
• 100% Recessed Stainless Steel Hinges 
- 325 Gallon Fuel Tank 114" Thickness 
• (2) Magnetic Float Switches (Lifetime Warranty) 
- (2) Rule 2000 GPH Bilge Pumps (5Year Warranty) 
• High Water Alarm System 
• (6) Cockpit Courtesy Lights 
-1/2" Heavy Duty Plexi Windshield 
• Stainless Steel Adjustable Flush Locks on Hatches 
• All Tinned Copper Wiring wl Heat Shrink Connections 
-Easy to Clean Non-Skid Decks 
-stainless steel boarding ladder w/custom mounting block on transom 
-Live baitwell capacity: 45 gallons 
-All Stainless Steel and \or Bronze Thru Hulls 
-Bow Thruster 
-1 Pair of Spreader LED Lights Mounted on Side of Top 
-Install Stereo from '85 Midnight 
-Installation of Triple 275 Verado's and all rigging from '85 Midnight 
-Racing steering lines w/chrome fittings 
EFTA00731049

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731050.pdf
----------------------------------------
A Party of Famous Physicists 
One day, all of the world's famous physicists decided to get together for a tea luncheon. 
Fortunately, the doorman was a grad student, and able to observe some of the guests... 
• Everyone gravitated toward Newton, but he just kept moving around at a constant 
velocity and showed no reaction. 
• Einstein thought it was a relatively good time. 
• Coulomb got a real charge out of the whole thing. 
• Cavendish wasn't invited, but he had the balls to show up anyway. 
• Cauchy, being the only mathematician there, still managed to integrate well with 
everyone. 
• Thompson enjoyed the plum pudding. 
• Pauli came late, but was mostly excluded from things, so he split. 
• Pascal was under too much pressure to enjoy himself. 
• Ohm spent most of the time resisting Ampere's opinions on current events. 
• Hamilton went to the buffet tables exactly once. 
• Volt thought the social had a lot of potential. 
• Hilbert was pretty spaced out for most of it. 
• Heisenberg may or may not have been there. 
• The Curies were there and just glowed the whole time. 
• van der Waals forced himeself to mingle. 
• Wien radiated a colourful personality. 
• Millikan dropped his Italian oil dressing. 
• de Broglie mostly just stood in the corner and waved. 
• Hollerith liked the hole idea. 
• Stefan and Holtzman got into some hot debates. 
• Everyone was attracted to Tesla's magnetic personality. 
• Compton was a little scatter-brained at times. 
• Bohr ate too much and got atomic ache. 
• Watt turned out to be a powerful speaker. 
• Hertz went back to the buffet table several times a minute. 
• Faraday had quite a capacity for food. 
• Oppenheimer got bombed. 
A courtesy of physlink.com 
EFTA00731050

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731051.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
Office of Justice Programs 
Frequently Asked Questions: The Sex Offender Registration 
and Notification Act (SORNA) Final Guidelines 
Background 
1. 
What does the term "SORNA" mean? 
2. 
What is the Federal role in the administration of SORNA? 
3. 
What is the SMART Office? 
4. 
What are the final guidelines? 
5. 
What jurisdictions are included under SORNA? 
6. 
Who is required to register under SORNA's standards? 
7. 
What is considered a sex offense under SORNA? 
8. 
What is a "conviction" under SORNA? 
9. 
What are some key definitions under SORNA? 
10. 
Does the Adam Walsh Act place restrictions on where sex offenders 
can live, work, go to school or loiter? 
II. 
How does SORNA handle offenses that involve consensual sexual 
conduct? 
Substantial Implementation 
12. 
What is substantial implementation? 
13. 
When is the deadline for substantial implementation? 
14. 
What are the consequences for jurisdictions that fail to substantially 
implement SORNA by July 27, 2009? 
15. 
What do jurisdictions need to do in order to comply with the SORNA 
tiering system? 
Tribal 
16. 
What are the additional consequences for federally recognized Indian 
tribes that fail to substantially implement SORNA by July 27, 2009? 
17. 
What if the reservation of a federally-recognized tribe is in more than 
one state? 
18. 
Is there a model SORNA tribal/tribal or tribal/state cooperative 
agreement? 
19. 
Can tribes collaborate with other tribes or the states as they work to 
implement SORNA? 
Registry Information 
20. 
What information is required in jurisdictions' sex offender registries? 
21. 
What are the jurisdictions required to do with the collected 
information about sex offenders? 
EFTA00731051
--- PAGE 2 ---
22. 
What information must be available to the public through public 
websites? 
23. 
Which information is prohibited from being available on public 
websites? 
24. 
Should sex offender e-mail addresses and phone numbers be included 
on public websites? 
25. 
What entities must registry information be shared with and what 
information must be shared? 
Registration 
26. 
In which jurisdiction must sex offenders register? 
27. 
When must initial registration be carried out? 
28. 
What are the requirements for keeping registry information current? 
29. 
How often must a registered sex offender appear in person to update 
his or her registration information? 
30. 
What changes of information require in-person appearances to 
update? 
31. 
What is the minimum required duration of registration? 
32. 
Are certain classes of sex offenders allowed to reduce the time of their 
registration requirement? 
Failure to Register 
33. 
Are jurisdictions required to have a failure to register statute? 
34. 
What is the federal penalty for failure to register? 
35. 
Can a non-federally convicted sex offender be prosecuted in the 
federal system for failure to register? 
Individual Examples 
36. 
If a convicted sex offender has fulfilled his or her pre-SORNA 
registration requirements, is he or she required to register under 
SORNA? 
37. 
If a sex offender has a job that requires travel to other jurisdictions, 
where is he or she required to register? 
38. 
If a convicted sex offender lives in one jurisdiction, but works or goes 
to school in another jurisdiction, where is registration required? 
39. 
If a sex offender is going to be away from his or her registered 
residence address for 7 or more days, what must the sex offender do 
be remain in compliance? 
Miscellaneous 
40. 
Will jurisdictions receive any assistance in updating their websites to 
assure compliance with SORNA? 
EFTA00731052
--- PAGE 3 ---
41. 
Will jurisdictions receive any technical assistance in the 
implementation of SORNA? 
42. 
Are the provisions of SORNA retroactive? 
43. 
How are juveniles treated under SORNA? 
44. 
How are foreign convictions and tribal convictions treated under 
SORNA? 
45. 
Do jurisdictions have to make statutory changes to substantially 
implement SORNA? 
46. 
For purposes of reducing a registration requirement under the "clean 
record" exception, what does it mean to say a sex offender treatment 
program is "certified by a jurisdiction"? 
EFTA00731053
--- PAGE 4 ---
Background 
1. What does the term "SORNA" mean? 
SORNA refers to the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act which is Title I of 
the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109-248). 
SORNA provides a comprehensive set of minimum standards for sex offender 
registration and notification in the United States. SORNA aims to close potential gaps 
and loopholes that existed under prior law and generally strengthens the nationwide 
network of sex offender registration and notification programs. SORNA: 
• 
Extends the jurisdictions in which registration is required beyond the 50 
states, the District of Columbia, and the principal U.S. territories, to 
include also federally recognized Indian tribes. 
• 
Incorporates a more comprehensive group of sex offenders and sex 
offenses for which registration is required. 
• 
Requires registered sex offenders to register and keep their registration 
current in each jurisdiction in which they reside, work, or go to school. 
• 
Requires sex offenders to provide more extensive registration information. 
• 
Requires sex offenders to make periodic in-person appearances to verify 
and update their registration information. 
• 
Expands the amount of information available to the public regarding 
registered sex offenders. 
• 
Makes changes in the required minimum duration of registration for sex 
offenders. 
2. What is the Federal role in the administration of SORNA? 
The Federal Government is working to assist with the implementation of SORNA and 
protect the public from sexual abuse and exploitation through: 
• 
Stepped-up federal investigation and prosecution efforts to assist 
jurisdictions in enforcing sex offender registration requirements; 
• 
New statutory provisions for the National Sex Offender Registry and the 
Dru Sjodin National Sex Offender Public Website that compile 
information obtained from registration programs across the country and 
make it readily available to law enforcement or the public; 
• 
Federal development of software tools, which jurisdictions will be able to 
use to facilitate the operation of their registration and notification 
programs in conformity with the SORNA standards; and 
• 
Establishment of the SMART Office to administer the national standards 
for sex offender registration and notification and to assist jurisdictions in 
their implementation efforts. 
EFTA00731054
--- PAGE 5 ---
3. What is the SMART Office? 
SORNA established the Office of Sex Offender Sentencing, Monitoring, Apprehending, 
Registering, and Tracking (SMART Office), a component of the Office of Justice 
Programs within the U.S. Department of Justice. The SMART Office is authorized by 
law to administer the standards for sex offender registration and notification that are set 
forth in SORNA. It is further authorized to cooperate with and provide assistance to 
states, local governments, tribal governments, and other public and private entities in 
relation to sex offender registration and notification and other measures for the protection 
of the public from sexual abuse or exploitation. The SMART Office is a key federal 
partner and resource for jurisdictions as they continue to develop and strengthen their sex 
offender registration and notification programs. 
4. What are the Final Guidelines? 
The Guidelines provide all jurisdictions with guidance, explanation and advice regarding 
the administration and implementation of SORNA. The Attorney General has issued 
these Guidelines to promote and assist in the implementation of the SORNA standards. 
5. What jurisdictions are included under SORNA? 
The 50 States, the District of Columbia, the five principal U.S. territories, and federally 
recognized Indian tribes that elect to function as registration jurisdictions are all defined 
as "jurisdictions" under SORNA. "Jurisdiction", as used by SORNA, does not include 
counties, cities, towns, or other political subdivisions located within states, tribes or 
territories. However, this definition does not limit the ability of states, tribes or territories 
to carry out these functions through their political subdivisions or other entities within the 
jurisdiction. 
See Parts II.A and III of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
6. Who is required to register under SORNA's standards? 
SORNA refers to the persons required to register under its standards as "sex offenders," 
and SORNA defines "sex offender" to mean "an individual who was convicted of a sex 
offense." 
7. What is considered a sex offense under SORNA? 
The convictions for which SORNA requires registration include convictions for sex 
offenses by any U.S. jurisdiction, including convictions for sex offenses under federal, 
military, state, territorial, tribal or local law. Foreign convictions are also covered if 
certain conditions are satisfied. 
EFTA00731055
--- PAGE 6 ---
Generally speaking, the following are considered sex offenses under SORNA: 
• 
SEXUAL ACTS AND SEXUAL CONTACT OFFENSES. These include 
criminal offenses that have an element involving a sexual act or sexual contact 
with another. The offenses covered include all sexual offenses whose elements 
involve: (i) any type or degree of genital, oral, or anal penetration, or (ii) any 
sexual touching of or contact with a person's body, either directly or through the 
clothing. 
• 
SPECIFIED OFFENSES AGAINST MINORS. A criminal offense against a 
minor that involves any of the following: 
o Non-Parental Kidnapping 
o Non-Parental false imprisonment 
o Solicitation to engage in sexual conduct 
o Use in a sexual performance 
o Solicitation to practice prostitution 
o Video voyeurism 
o Possession, production, or distribution of child pornography 
o Criminal sexual conduct involving a minor 
o Use of the intemet to facilitate criminal sexual conduct involving a minor 
o Any conduct that by its nature is a sex offense against a minor 
• 
SPECIFIED FEDERAL OFFENSES. These include the following specific 
offenses: 
o 18 U.S.C. §159I (Sex Trafficking of Children) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2241 (Aggravated Sexual Abuse) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2242 (Sexual Abuse) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2243 (Sexual Abuse of a Minor or Ward) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2244 (Abusive Sexual Contact) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2245 (Offenses Resulting in Death) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2251 (Sexual Exploitation of Children) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2251 A (Selling or Buying of Children) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2252 (Material Involving the Sexual Exploitation of Minors) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2252A (Material Containing Child Pornography) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2252B (Misleading Domain Names on the Internet) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2252C (Misleading Words or Digital Images on the Internet) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2260 (Production of Sexually Explicit Depictions of a Minor 
for Import in to the United States) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2421 (Transportation of a Minor for Illegal Sexual Activity) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2422 (Coercion and Enticement of a Minor for Illegal Sexual 
Activity 
o 18 U.S.C. §2423 (Transportation of Minors for Illegal Sexual Activity, 
Travel With the Intent to Engage in Illicit Sexual Conduct with a Minor, 
Engaging in Illicit Sexual Conduct in Foreign Places)) 
EFTA00731056
--- PAGE 7 ---
o 18 U.S.C. §2424 (Failure to File Factual Statement about an Alien 
Individual) 
o 18 U.S.C. §2425 (Transmitting Information about a Minor to further 
Criminal Sexual Conduct) 
• 
SPECIFIED MILITARY OFFENSES. These include sex offenses under the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice, as specified by the Secretary of Defense. 
These offenses are primarily located at 28 C.F.R. §571.72(b). 
• 
ATTEMPTS AND CONSPIRACIES. These include attempts and conspiracies to 
commit offenses that are otherwise covered by the definition of "sex offenses." 
See Part IVA-D of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
8. What is a "conviction" under SORNA? 
A sex offender is "convicted" for SORNA purposes if the sex offender has been subject 
to penal consequences based on the conviction, however it may be styled. Likewise, the 
sealing of a criminal record or other action that limits the publicity or availability of 
conviction information, but does not deprive the conviction of continuing legal validity, 
does not change its status as a "conviction" for purposes of SORNA. 
"Convictions" for SORNA purposes include convictions of juveniles who are prosecuted 
as adults. It does not include juvenile delinquency adjudications, except under the 
circumstances specified in 42 U.S.C. §I6911(8). For a detailed explanation of this 
requirement see FAQ #43. 
See Part IVA of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
9. What are some key definitions under SORNA? 
a. 
"Employee": An individual who is self-employed or works for any 
other entity, whether compensated or not. 
b. 
"Habitually Lives": Includes places in which the sex offender lives 
with some regularity. A sex offender `habitually lives' in the relevant 
sense in any place in which the sex offender lives for at least 30 days. 
Jurisdictions may specify the manner of their choosing the application 
of the 30-day standard to sex offenders whose presence in the 
jurisdiction is intermittent but who live in the jurisdiction for 30 days 
in the aggregate over some longer period of time. 
c. 
"Imprisonment": Refers to incarceration pursuant to a conviction, 
regardless of the nature of the institution in which the offender serves 
the sentence 
d. 
"Jurisdiction": Refers to the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the 
five principal U.S. territories -- i.e., the Commonwealth of Puerto 
EFTA00731057
--- PAGE 8 ---
Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the 
United States Virgin Islands -- and Indian tribes that elected to 
function as jurisdictions under SORNA § 127. 
e. 
"Resides": Refers to the location of the individual's home or other 
place where the individual habitually lives. 
f. 
"Student": An individual who enrolls in or attends an educational 
institution (whether public or private) including secondary schools, 
trade or professional schools, and institutions of higher education. 
g. 
"This Title": References to "this title" in sections 124 and 125 
function as a shorthand for Title 1, SORNA (Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act), not the entirety of the Adam Walsh 
Act. 
10. 
Does the Adam Walsh Act place restrictions on where sex offenders can live, 
work, go to school or loiter? 
No. Residency restrictions and safety zones are NOT part of the Adam Walsh Act. All 
such restrictions are the result of jurisdictional or local legislation, not federal law or the 
Adam Walsh Act. Numerous jurisdictions and local entities do currently restrict sex 
offenders from living by or being present within certain areas (e.g., within a certain 
distance of schools, parks or playgrounds). All inquiries regarding residency restrictions 
or safety zones are a matter to be addressed at the jurisdictional and local level. 
11. 
How does SORNA handle offenses that involve consensual sexual conduct? 
SORNA section 111(5)(C) addresses the minimum standards for requiring sex offender 
registration for consensual sexual conduct under the Adam Walsh Act. SORNA does 
NOT require registration in the following situations: I) If both participants are adults, 
and neither is under the custodial authority of the other (e.g., inmate/prison guard) and 
the conduct was consensual, then this conduct does not constitute a registerable sex 
offense for purposes of the Adam Walsh Act. 2) With respect acts involving at least one 
minor (person under 18) who engages in consensual sexual conduct, the following 
minimum standards apply: Where both participants are at least 13 years old and neither 
participant is more than 4 years older than the other, a sex offense conviction based on 
consensual sexual conduct does not require registration under the Adam Walsh Act. In 
all situations, jurisdictions have discretion to exceed the minimum standards of SORNA 
and require registration upon convictions based on consensual sexual conduct. 
Substantial Implementation 
12. 
What is substantial implementation? 
The standard of "substantial implementation" is satisfied if a jurisdiction carries out the 
requirements of SORNA as interpreted and explained in the Final Guidelines. SORNA 
provides a floor, not a ceiling, for sex offender notification and registration programs. 
Jurisdictions are free to exceed the minimum standards of SORNA, but a jurisdiction may 
EFTA00731058
--- PAGE 9 ---
not fall below the requirements of SORNA. Jurisdictions are free to implement SORNA 
in any manner that meets the minimum requirements. 
See Part IIB and E of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
13. 
When is the deadline for substantial implementation? 
The deadline for substantial implementation is July 27, 2009. The SMART Office 
requests that submissions establishing compliance with the SORNA requirements or 
requests for extensions be received by the SMART Office by April 27, 2009. If a 
jurisdiction is requesting an extension, the submission to the SMART Office should 
include a description of the jurisdiction's implementation efforts, and an explanation as to 
why an extension is needed. Up to two 1-year extensions may be allowed. Jurisdictions 
submitting submissions for substantial compliance may in tandem submit a request for a 
time extension. 
See Part IIE of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
14. 
What are the consequences for jurisdictions that fail to substantially 
implement SORNA by July 27, 2009? 
States, tribes, and territories that fail to substantially implement SORNA by July 27, 2009 
(and have not been granted a time extension) are subject to a 10% reduction in funding 
under 42 U.S.C. §3750 et seq. ("Byrne Justice Assistance Grant" funding). 
The additional consequences for Indian Tribes that fail to substantially implement 
SORNA by July 27, 2009 are detailed below. 
See Parts IIA and IIE of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
15. 
What do jurisdictions need to do in order to comply with the SORNA tiering 
system? 
The use of the "tier classifications in SORNA relates to substance, not form or 
terminology. Thus, to implement the SORNA requirements, jurisdictions do not have to 
label their sex offenders as "tier I," "tier II," and "tier III," and do not have to adopt any 
other particular approach to labeling or categorization of sex offenders. Rather, the 
SORNA requirements are met as long as sex offenders who satisfy the SORNA criteria 
for placement in a particular tier are consistently subject to at least the same minimum 
duration of registration, frequency of in-person appearances for verification, and extent of 
website disclosure that SORNA requires for that tier. 
Tier I: Predicate offenses include whatever offenses do not support a higher 
classification, such as misdemeanor registration offenses and child pornography 
possession. 
EFTA00731059
--- PAGE 10 ---
Tier II: Predicate offenses include most felonious sexual abuse or sexual exploitation 
crimes involving victims who are minors. 
Tier III: Predicate offenses generally encompass sexual assaults involving sexual acts 
regardless of victim age, sexual contact offenses against children below the age of 13, 
nonparental kidnapping of minors, and attempts or conspiracies to commit such offenses. 
See Part V of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
Tribal 
16. 
What are the additional consequences for Indian Tribes that fail to 
implement by July 27, 2009? 
All jurisdictions including tribes have until July 27, 2009, to be in substantial compliance. 
If substantial compliance has not been achieved by the jurisdiction, the Attorney General 
may grant, at the request of a jurisdiction, up to two one-year extensions on the 
compliance deadline. (See Sec. 124 of SORNA) 
Section 127(a)(2)(C) of SORNA also provides that if "the Attorney General determines 
that the tribe has not substantially implemented the requirements of this subtitle and is not 
likely to become capable of doing so within a reasonable amount of time" then the sex 
offender registry function may be delegated to the state. 
17. 
What if the reservation of a federally-recognized tribe is in more than one 
state? 
If a tribe's land is in part subject to state law enforcement jurisdiction under 18 U.S.C. § 
1162 and in part outside of the areas subject to 18 U.S.C. § 1162, then: (i) sex offender 
registration and notification functions are automatically delegated to the relevant State in 
the portion of the tribal land subject to 18 U.S.C. § 1162, and (ii) the tribe has a choice 
between functioning as a jurisdiction or delegating registration and notification functions 
to the State in the portion of its land that is not subject to 18 U.S.C. § 1162. 
18. 
Is there a model or template SORNA tribal/tribal or tribaUstate cooperative 
agreement? 
To date (July 2008), the SMART Office is unaware of any jurisdiction that has fully 
complied with the requirements of SORNA. Similarly, no jurisdiction has submitted a 
model or template SORNA tribal/tribal or tribal/state cooperative agreement. The 
SMART Office will soon post a sample SORNA cooperative agreement at 
http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/smart.
EFTA00731060
--- PAGE 11 ---
19. 
Can tribes collaborate with other tribes or the states as they cork to 
implement SORNA? 
Yes. With respect to Indian tribes, SORNA recognizes that tribes may vary in their 
capacities and preferences regarding the discharge of sex offender registration and 
notification functions, and accordingly section 127 of SORNA has special provisions 
governing the treatment of Indian tribes as jurisdictions or the delegation of registration 
and notification functions to the States. 
See Part III of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
Registry Information 
20. 
What information is required in jurisdictions' sex offender registries? 
The following information is required to be placed in a jurisdiction's sex offender 
registry: 
• 
Criminal History 
• 
Date of Birth 
• 
DNA Sample 
• 
Driver's License or Identification Card 
• 
Employer Information 
• 
Fingerprints 
• 
Internet Identifiers 
• 
Name 
• 
Palm Prints 
• 
Passport and Immigration Documents 
• 
Phone Numbers 
• 
Photograph 
• 
Physical Description 
• 
Professional Licensing Information 
• 
Residence Information 
• 
School Information 
• 
Social Security Number 
• 
Temporary Lodging Information 
• 
Text of Registration Offense 
• 
Vehicle Information 
See Part VI of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
II 
EFTA00731061
--- PAGE 12 ---
21. 
What are jurisdictions required to do with the collected information about 
sex offenders? 
SORNA requires the immediate sharing of information among jurisdictions and specified 
entities, and the posting of much of the information on public sex offender registries. 
See Part VII of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
22. 
What information must be available to the public through public websites? 
Below is a list of the types of registration information that jurisdictions must include on 
their public sex offender websites to satisfy the requirements for SORNA 
implementation. The list of informational items that jurisdictions must include on their 
public sex offender websites is as follows: 
• 
Current Offense: The sex offense for which the offender is currently required 
to register and any other sex offense for which the sex offender has been 
convicted. 
• 
Employer address: The address of any place where the sex offender is an 
employee. 
• 
Name: The name of the sex offender, including any aliases. 
• 
Photograph: A current photograph of the offender. 
• 
Physical description: A physical description of the offender. 
• 
Resident Address: The address of the sex offender, including any 
information about where the offender "habitually lives". 
• 
School address: The address of any place where the sex offender attends 
school. 
• 
Vehicle(s) license plate number and description. 
The foregoing list remains subject to the discretionary authority of jurisdictions under 
section 118(c)(1) to exempt information about a tier I sex offender convicted of an 
offense other than a specified offense against a minor. 
See Part VILA of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
23. 
Which information is prohibited from being available on public websites? 
Jurisdictions must exempt four types of information from disclosure. These exemptions 
only constrain jurisdictions in relation to the information made available on their publicly 
accessible sex offender websites. It does not limit the discretion of jurisdictions to 
disclose these types of information in other contexts, such as to law enforcement. The 
mandatory exempted four types of information are: 
• 
The victim's identity, 
• 
The Social Security number of the sex offender, 
EFTA00731062
--- PAGE 13 ---
• 
Any reference to arrests of the sex offender that did not result in 
conviction, and 
• 
Passport and immigration document numbers. 
There are also four optional exemptions, which apply to information that jurisdictions 
have the discretion to exempt from their public websites. These are: 
• 
Any information about a tier I sex offender convicted of an offense 
other than a specified offense against a minor. 
• 
The name of an employer of the sex offender, 
• 
The name of an educational institution where the sex offender is a 
student, 
• 
Any other information which the Attorney General allows to be 
exempted. 
As noted, these exclusions are discretionary. Jurisdictions are free to include these types 
of information on their sex offender websites if they are so inclined. 
See Part VII.A of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
24. 
Should sex offender e-mail addresses and phone numbers be included on 
public websites? 
Posting phone numbers and email addresses of sex offenders on public websites in the 
same manner as other information is problematic. The public availability of this type of 
information could allow sex offenders to network with one another, reinforcing negative 
behavior and providing opportunities for coordinated criminal activity. 
On the other hand, appropriately designed forms of access to offender email addresses 
and phone numbers may further the public safety objectives of sex offender registration 
and notification. For example, the operators of Internet social networking services that 
serve children may wish to check the e-mail addresses of individuals on their user lists to 
detect registered sex offenders who are attempting to use their services to contact 
children. Likewise, a parent may wish to check whether the e-mail address or phone 
number of an unknown individual who is communicating with his or her child belongs to 
a registered sex offender. 
Jurisdictions are therefore encouraged to include a function on their public websites that 
allows members of the public to enter an e-mail address or phone number and find out 
whether that e-mail address or phone number is registered to a sex offender. 
The Department of Justice is currently developing software resources for jurisdictions to 
support this type of "reverse lookup" function for email addresses, and plans to include 
this type of function with nationwide scope on the national sex offender public registry. 
See Part VII.A of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
EFTA00731063
--- PAGE 14 ---
25. 
What entities must registry information he shared with and what 
information must be shared? 
After a sex offender registers or updates a registration, the information in a registry (other 
than information exempted from disclosure by the Attorney General) must be provided to 
various specified entities and individuals. These include: 
• 
National databases. 
• 
Law enforcement and supervision agencies. 
• 
Any jurisdiction where the sex offender resides, is an employee, or 
is a student, and each jurisdiction from or to which a change of 
residence, employment, or student status occurs. 
• 
Any agency responsible for conducting employment-related 
background checks under section 3 of the National Child 
Protection Act of 1993. 
• 
Each school and public housing agency in each area in which the 
sex offender resides, is an employee, or is a student. 
• 
Social service entities responsible for protecting minors in the 
child welfare system. 
• 
Volunteer organizations in which contact with minors or other 
vulnerable individuals might occur. 
• 
Any organization, company, or individual who requests such 
notification pursuant to procedures established by the jurisdiction. 
The requirements in the list above for sharing information among jurisdictions and with 
certain governmental entities (such as law enforcement agencies) are subject to special 
standards and procedures described in the Final Guidelines. 
With respect to schools, public housing, social service, and volunteer organizations, as 
well as any request for notification, these information dissemination objectives can be 
achieved by incorporating appropriate notification functions into the sex offender 
websites that are similar to measures currently used by some jurisdictions. Specifically, a 
jurisdiction will be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of SORNA in this regard if 
it adopts an automated notification system which incorporates substantially the following 
features: 
• 
The information required to be included on sex offender websites 
is posted on the jurisdiction's sex offender website within three 
business days. 
• 
The jurisdiction's sex offender website includes a function under 
which members of the public and organizations can request 
notification when sex offenders commence residence, employment, 
or school attendance within zip code or geographic radius areas 
specified by the requester, where the requester provides an e-mail 
EFTA00731064
--- PAGE 15 ---
address to which the notice is to be sent. 
• 
Upon posting on the jurisdiction's sex offender website of new 
residence, employment, or school attendance information for a sex 
offender within an area specified by the requester, the system 
automatically sends an e-mail notice to the requester which 
identifies the sex offender sufficiently that the requester can then 
access the jurisdiction's website and view the information about 
the sex offender on the website. 
The Department of Justice is currently developing software resources to support an 
automated email notification system that will be available to all registry jurisdictions. 
See Part VII.B of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
Registration 
26. 
In which jurisdictions must sex offenders register? 
SORNA requires sex offenders to register and keep their registration current in each 
jurisdiction in which they reside, are employed, or attend school. A sex offender must 
also initially register in the jurisdiction in which convicted if it is different from the 
jurisdiction of residence. Jurisdictions' registration programs must incorporate theses 
requirements to implement SORNA. 
See Part VIII of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
27. 
When must initial registration be carded out? 
Jurisdictions must register incarcerated sex offenders before their release from 
imprisonment for the registration offense or, in case of a non-imprisonment sentence, 
within three business days of sentencing for the registration offense. 
See Part IX of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
28. 
What are the requirements for keeping registry information current? 
A sex offender must, not later than three business days after each change of name, 
residence, employment, or student status, appear in person in at least one jurisdiction in 
which the sex offender is required to register and inform that jurisdiction of all changes in 
the information required for that sex offender in the sex offender registry. This 
information must immediately be provided to all other jurisdictions in which the sex 
offender is required to register. Jurisdictions must also require a sex offender to provide 
notice if he or she is leaving the jurisdiction prior to the move; the sex offender must 
provide information about the jurisdiction to which he or she is going. 
EFTA00731065
--- PAGE 16 ---
See Part X of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
29. 
How often must a registered sex offender appear in person to update his or 
her registration information? 
A sex offender must appear in person, allow the jurisdiction to take a current photograph, 
and verify the information in each registry in which that sex offender is required to be 
registered not less frequently than: 
• 
Annually for a tier I sex offender, 
• 
Every six months for a tier II sex offender, and 
• 
Every three months for a tier III sex offender. 
Sex offenders must carry out this schedule of personal appearances in all jurisdictions 
where they reside, are employed and attend school. As with other SORNA requirements, 
jurisdictions may require in-person appearances by sex offenders with greater frequency 
than the minimum required by SORNA. 
See Part XI of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
30. 
What changes of information require in-person appearances to update? 
A sex offender must, not later than three business days after each change of name, 
residence, employment, or student status, appear in person in at least one jurisdiction in 
which the sex offender is required to register and inform that jurisdiction of all changes in 
the information required for that sex offender in the sex offender registry. 
31. 
What is the minimum required duration of registration? 
SORNA specifies the minimum required duration of sex offender registration for tier I 
sex offenders to be 15 years, for tier II sex offenders to be 25 years, and for tier III sex 
offenders to register for life. The registration period begins to run upon release from 
custody for a sex offender sentenced to incarceration for the registration offense, or in the 
case of non-incarcerated sex offenders, at the time of sentencing for the sex offense. 
32. 
Are certain classes of sex offenders allowed to reduce the time of their 
registration requirement? 
Yes. SORNA allows jurisdictions to reduce the registration period for a tier I sex 
offender by 5 years after the sex offender maintains a clean record for 10 years and to 
terminate registration for a sex offenders who is required to register under SORNA based 
on juvenile delinquency adjudication after the sex offender maintains a clean record for 
years. 
EFTA00731066
--- PAGE 17 ---
Achieving a clean record means the sex offender must fulfill the following requirements: 
• 
Not be convicted of any offense for which imprisonment for more 
than one year may be imposed, 
• 
Not be convicted of any sex offense regardless of the penalty, 
• 
Successfully complete any periods of supervised release, 
probation, and parole, and 
• 
Successfully complete an appropriate sex offender treatment 
program certified by a jurisdiction or by the Attorney General. 
See Part XII of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
Failure to Register 
33. 
Are jurisdictions required to have a failure to register statute? 
Yes. SORNA requires jurisdictions (other than Indian tribes) to provide a criminal 
penalty that includes a maximum term of imprisonment greater than one year for the 
failure of a sex offender to comply with the SORNA requirements. Hence, a 
jurisdiction's implementation of SORNA includes having a failure-to-register offense for 
which the maximum authorized term of imprisonment exceeds a year. Indian Tribes are 
also required to have a failure to register statute, though the maximum term of 
imprisonment, by definition, will not exceed one year. 
See Part XIII of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
34. 
What is the federal penalty for failure to register? 
Under 18 U.S.C. §2250, the federal failure-to-register offense, a federal criminal penalty 
of up to 10 years of imprisonment exists for sex offenders required to register under 
SORNA who knowingly fail to register or update a registration as required where 
circumstances supporting federal jurisdiction exist, such as interstate or international 
travel or travel on or off an Indian reservation by a sex offender, or conviction of a 
federal sex offense for which registration is required. 
See Part XIII of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
35. 
Can a non-federally convicted sex offender be prosecuted in the federal 
system for failure to register? 
Yes. If a sex offender convicted or adjudicated delinquent in a jurisdictions court is 
required to register under SORNA, and knowingly fails to register or update a registration 
as required, and the sex offender engages in interstate or international travel or enter or 
leaves or resides in Indian country, then the offender can be prosecuted under 18 U.S.C. 
§2250, the federal failure-to-register offense. 
EFTA00731067
--- PAGE 18 ---
See Part XIII of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
Individual Examples 
36. 
If a convicted sex offender has fulfilled his or her pre-SORNA registration 
requirements, is the sex offender required to register under SORNA? 
With respect to sex offenders with pre-SORNA or pre-SORNA-implementation 
convictions who remain in the prisoner, supervision, or registered sex offender 
populations at the time of implementation — regardless of whether or not they have 
fulfilled any previously-existing sex offender registration requirements - jurisdictions 
should endeavor to register them in conformity with SORNA as quickly as possible, 
including fully instructing them about the SORNA requirements, obtaining signed 
acknowledgments of such instructions, and obtaining and entering into the registry all 
information about them required under SORNA. 
In cases in which a sex offender reenters the system based on conviction of some other 
offense and is sentenced or released from imprisonment following the jurisdiction's 
implementation of SORNA, the normal SORNA initial registration procedures and 
timing requirements will apply, but with the new offense substituting for the predicate 
registration offense as the basis for the time frame. 
SORNA does not require jurisdictions to locate and register sex offenders who have 
entirely left the justice system. 
See Part II.0 and Part IX of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
37. 
If a sex offender has a job that requires travel to other jurisdictions, where is 
he or she required to register? 
In situations where a sex offender is employed but does not have a fixed place of 
employment (e.g., a long-haul trucker whose "workplace" is roads and highways 
throughout the country, or a self-employed handyman who works out of his home and 
does home-improvement work in another jurisdiction at other people's homes), such a 
sex offender is required to provide information concerning the places where the sex 
offender works with whatever definiteness is possible under the circumstances, such as 
information about normal travel routes or the general area(s) in which the sex offender 
works. 
Registered sex offenders must also be required to provide information about any place in 
which the sex offender is staying when away from his residence for seven or more days, 
including identifying the place and the period of time the sex offender is staying there. 
See Part VI of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
EFTA00731068
--- PAGE 19 ---
38. 
If a sex offender lives in one jurisdiction, but works or goes to school in 
another jurisdiction, where is registration required? 
SORNA requires that a sex offender register and keep his or her registration current in 
each jurisdiction in which the sex offender resides, is an employee, or is a student. If, for 
example, a sex offender resides in one jurisdiction but commutes to work in another 
jurisdiction, both jurisdictions must require the sex offender to register. A sex offender 
who enters a jurisdiction to commence residency, employment or school attendance, must 
appear in person to register or update the registration within three business days. 
A sex offender who changes his or her place of residence, employment or school 
attendance within the same jurisdiction (i.e. from one county to another county in the 
same jurisdiction), must appear in person to register or update the registration within 
three business days. The physical location of this in-person appearance requirement is 
controlled by the jurisdiction of residency, employment or school attendance. 
See Part VIII and X.A of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
39. 
If a sex offender is going to be away from his or her registered residence 
address for 7 or more days, what must the sex offender do be remain in 
compliance? 
Registered sex offenders are required to notify their residence jurisdiction prior to 
departing from their jurisdiction for 7 or more days. The sex offender must provide 
information about all locations in which the sex offender is staying during the 7 or more 
day absence, including identifying the place and the period of time the sex offender is 
staying there. 
Miscellaneous 
40. 
Will jurisdictions receive any assistance in updating their websites to assure 
compliance with SORNA? 
The Department of Justice, in consultation with the jurisdictions, will develop and 
support registry management and web-based software. This software will facilitate the 
immediate exchange of sex offender information among jurisdictions, public access to 
sex offender information and other forms of community notification through the Internet, 
and compliance in other respects with the SORNA requirements. 
See Part IID of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
41. 
Will jurisdictions receive any technical assistance in the implementation of 
SORNA? 
The SMART Office has established a technical assistance email, 
mailto:getSMART@usdoj.gov. The Office is currently receiving a steady stream of 
EFTA00731069
--- PAGE 20 ---
technical assistance requests regarding a variety of issues involved in the implementation 
of SORNA. 
The SMART Office website (www.ojp.usdoj.govismart) provides information related to 
sex offender registration, sexual abuse and exploitation with a focus on legal and 
legislative developments. The Office posts a bi-weekly case law update addressing 
developments in sex offender registration litigation, as well as other articles of relevance 
and interest. 
42. 
Are the provisions of SORNA retroactive? 
Yes. SORNA applies to all sex offenders, including those convicted of their registration 
offenses prior to the enactment of SORNA (July 27, 2006) or prior to particular 
jurisdictions' incorporation of the SORNA requirements into their programs. 
Jurisdictions are specifically required to register such sex offenders if they remain in the 
system as prisoners, supervisees, or registrants, or if they later reenter the system because 
of conviction for some other crime (whether or not the new crime is a sex offense). 
See Part II.0 and IX of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
43. 
How are juveniles treated under SORNA? 
Section 42 U.S.C. §I6911(8) provides that delinquency adjudications count as 
convictions "only if the offender is 14 years of age or older at the time of the offense and 
the offense adjudicated was comparable to or more severe than aggravated sexual abuse 
(as described in section 2241 of title 18, United States Code), or was an attempt or 
conspiracy to commit such an offense." 
Hence, SORNA does not require registration for juveniles adjudicated delinquent for all 
sex offenses for which an adult sex offender would be required to register, but rather 
requires registration only for a defined class of older juveniles who are adjudicated 
delinquent for committing particularly serious sexually assaultive crimes (or attempts or 
conspiracies to commit such crimes). Considering the relevant aspects of the federal 
"aggravated sexual abuse" offense referenced in section 42 U.S.C. § 16911(8), it suffices 
for substantial implementation if a jurisdiction applies SORNA's requirements to 
juveniles at least 14 years old at the time of the offense who are adjudicated delinquent 
for committing (or attempting or conspiring to commit) offenses under laws that cover: 
• 
engaging in a sexual act with another by force or the threat of serious violence; or 
• 
engaging in a sexual act with another by rendering unconscious or involuntarily 
drugging the victim. 
"Sexual act" for this purpose should be understood to include any degree of genital or 
anal penetration, and any oral-genital or oral-anal contact. 
EFTA00731070
--- PAGE 21 ---
44. 
How are foreign convictions and tribal convictions treated under SORNA? 
Foreign convictions require sex offenders to be registered under SORNA unless the 
foreign conviction "was not obtained with sufficient safeguards for fundamental fairness 
and due process for the accused." The Final Guidelines establish rules for determining if 
legal processes in foreign countries meet the standard required under SORNA. However, 
jurisdictions may choose to surpass SORNA's minimum standards and register all 
foreign convictions for sex offenses obtained regardless of safeguards for fundamental 
fairness and due process. 
See Part IVA-B of the Final Guidelines for more detail. 
45. 
Do Jurisdictions have to make statutory changes in order to substantially 
implement SORNA? 
No. While SORNA sets minimum standards for jurisdictions' registration and 
notification programs, it does not require that these standards be implemented by statute. 
Hence, in assessing compliance with SORNA, the totality of a jurisdiction's rules 
governing the operation of its registration and notification program will be considered, 
including administrative policies and procedures as well as statutes. 
46. 
For purposes of reducing a registration requirement under the "clean 
record" exception, what does it mean to say a sex offender treatment 
program is "certified by a jurisdiction"? 
Jurisdictions are free to decide what certification criteria they will use and how they will 
determine which programs are "certified by" the jurisdiction. For instance, a jurisdiction 
that established a board to certify treatment programs and determine which offenders 
successfully completed their certified programs would be in compliance with SORNA. 
Mother possible option that would comply with SORNA would be to publish a list of 
approved programs and require a certificate of successful completion by the treatment 
provider. Other options also are possible. Determining a set of criteria for certification 
and how to certify programs is within each jurisdiction's discretion. 
U.S. Department of Justice 
Office of Justice Programs 
SMART Office 
July 2008 
EFTA00731071

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731072.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731072.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO: PAULINE SKYPALA 
FROM: JOHN DIZARD 
SUBJECT: BUSINESS JET MARKET 
DATE: October 1, 2009 
Ever since the first private jet collided with the accountants and the auditors, 
we've been hearing about how these aircraft are really, really, a productivity tool, 
certainly not a luxury good. No indeed. Never mind the place of private jets in luxury 
market surveys, and their over-representation at the Aspen and Palm Beach County 
airports. To make the point, server farms full of pro formas and comparative cost what-ifs 
are running 24 hours a day around the world, just to be ready for any taxman's surprise 
visit. 
I am not an ideological opponent of business jet use, so the Congressional 
humiliation of auto executives, bankers, and other employees of newly state-owned 
corporations didn't entertain me as much as it did others. However, the autos-da-fe, so to 
speak, along with the effects of the credit crunch on aircraft finance are, I believe, serving 
to finally rationalize the corporate jet market. 
There are two keys to this transformation: the stigmatization of jet use as 
conspicuous consumption, and the current surplus of capacity. The business of operating 
jets will change, as a consequence of greater liquidity and reliability in the chartering 
market. 
At the moment, there are just over two thousand used corporate jets for sale. That 
is about twice the total number of worldwide deliveries last year. "Backlogs" and 
"orders" in the business jet market are pretty soft numbers, since the manufacturers will 
do almost anything to avoid booking actual cancellations. There have been ups and 
downs in the bizjet industry before, but this cycle is different, not just a bit deeper. With 
newer entrants such as Embraer and Honda, jet prices are going to stay under pressure 
even in a recovery. Furthermore, owners of aircraft in a capital constrained world will be 
under more pressure to schedule and use them more efficiently. 
I think this will be good, if painful in the short term, for the industry. After all, 
commercial airline travel was once a luxury good. Now that it's a mass market, there are 
orders of magnitude more aircraft, on tighter schedules, with much greater reliability and 
macroeconomic value. However, large commercial aircraft cannot accommodate all the 
travel requirements created by a decentralized world. 
More business jet use, though, will be done through brokered charters. A seat, 
even a large size leather seat with a bigger worktable, is going to be a commodity, and 
commodities prices are driven down to the marginal cost of production and distribution. 
The mystique of ownership, whether of vacation homes or aircraft, will not be as 
supportable as it was when there were cheap put options written by the lenders. 
Chartering jets has been a chancy thing in the past. The aircraft owners with 
whom you would deal were more interested in placing their planes than serving the 
EFTA00731072
--- PAGE 2 ---
customer. So well maintained, or new, or correctly sized aircraft were not reliably on 
offer. 
The present overhang of plane supply has reduced that problem. Jet charter 
brokers, who work for the user rather than the owner, are now bigger factors than they 
were. They can be used to find newer, cheaper, and better aircraft on the now more liquid 
offer side. 
Ricky Sitomer, the CEO of Blue Star jets, a large New York charter broker, says 
"Even with the stock market rebound, this is a value-proposition market now. Clients are 
far more prudent, and there has been a big trade-down effect. Chartering is a beneficiary 
of that." 
Blue Star has set up Share A Jet Exchange, which as the name suggests, brokers 
flight sharing for its customer base. This would not have been so cool in the bubblicious 
days, but now it is. 
The economics are, in truth, getting more compelling. For example, a Hawker 800 
jet flying from New York to LA with 8 seats could be chartered recently for $24,000. If 
four of those seats were shared for a stopoff in Sacramento, they'd go for $3000 each. 
That's more than the $700 or so that a first class ticket would cost, but more than seven 
hours of travel time each would be saved, given the more direct connection. If you price 
the travelers' time at a law partner hourly rate of $800, the private jet really is a cash-cost 
saver. I know more than I wish I did about travel to Sacramento and law firm billing, so 
those are real numbers. 
A very likely losing model in this new world will be fractional jet ownership. 
Getting one-quarter or one-eighth of a plane made some sense in a world of scarce jets, 
but not with that two year supply overhang. You do better in today's more liquid spot 
charter market, with greater flexibility of aircraft type. 
On the other hand, if you have factories, stores, or oil rigs around the landscape, 
you will want to own your own aircraft. Charters, let alone shared rides, aren't reliably 
available in smaller places. 
A word of advice on `jet cards', or prepaid rights to so many hours of jet charters: 
Do not take the counterparty risk of the charterer or broker. Get your jet card account 
segregated in escrow, so you are not a general creditor in the event of insolvency. 
EFTA00731073

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731074.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731074.pdf
----------------------------------------
Restructuring First Grade 
Part 2: the engineering ALP curriculum 
Roger Schank 
The engineering ALP will be focused on dealing 
with problems in building something and improving 
upon what was built. But one should not be 
confused by this. The subject matter doesn't 
matter really. We use building things, in this 
case, in order to gain the interest of the child. 
The specific facts they learn don't matter much. 
It is the honing of abilities with respect to the 
cognitive processes we have described in Part 1 
that make up the real learning objectives. 
What follows is intended as a planning document. 
EFTA00731074
--- PAGE 2 ---
We will use it to help us talk about and 
eventually design, the engineering ALP for five 
years olds. 
Here are some proposed activities: 
Robot building 
Airplane building 
Bridge Building 
Kite Flying 
City Planning 
Food Preparation 
Map Drawing 
Football, Basketball, Soccer, and Baseball 
Newsletter Writing 
Computer Use 
Diagnosis of Illness and Treatment 
Orchestra 
Spanish language 
Movie Making 
Trip Planning 
It is not my intention to propose anything more 
specific than this for now. I am expecting that we 
will get together a group of (possibly) first 
grade teachers and others to create a specific 
curriculum based upon what I have written here. 
Suggestions from teachers, construction kit 
builders and others, will be gladly considered. 
Here are the guidelines for doing that: 
1.The first product of this exercise would be a 
list of projects, in order, that students 
would pursue throughout the year. Some 
projects and activities might be done in 
parallel and some might be ones that are done 
every day like physical activities.) 
EFTA00731075
--- PAGE 3 ---
2.That list would then be turned into a web 
site. This web site would be for the use of 
the teachers not the students. While the 
students might use a computer in some 
activities, they would not be doing an on line 
curriculum. The teacher, on the other hand, 
will need to know what to do each day in 
detail, will need help when there are 
problems, and will need materials. This help 
would be provided on line through frequently 
asked questions and step by step guides, and 
through Instant Messaging with senior advisors 
to the project. 
3.All projects will involve reading. Children 
will read about how to build what they are 
trying to build. In order to enable this, the 
first project's instructions must be written 
using very simple words. As this is not likely 
to exist anywhere, one of the first jobs the 
team building this curriculum will be to find 
projects that are simple and it write simple 
instructions for them so that the children can 
both learn to read and learn to follow simple 
plans at the same time. 
4.Each project will build on the previous 
project. We are not building a "let's do 
anything that is interesting to me" kind of 
curriculum. Whatever was learned in the last 
project needs to be expanded upon in the next. 
Children's learning will be directed by well 
thought out plans created by people who 
understand how learning works. Children will 
not direct their own learning apart from 
deciding that this curriculum interests them 
in the first place. 
5.The Engineering ALP is not really about 
engineering. Its goal is not to produce little 
EFTA00731076
--- PAGE 4 ---
engineers. The goal is to produce children who 
can think clearly, get along with others, work 
in teams, produce deliverables according to a 
plan, and be able to plan, diagnose, and 
generally understand and describe the world as 
well as is possible at their age. They should 
be able to read, write, and use simple math at 
the end of the year. They should be able to 
explain what they have done and how they have 
done it. These are the goals. Engineering is 
simply a venue that is likely to interest 
them. 
6.Each segment of the curriculum that is written 
on the website will consist of an end goal to 
be achieved by a working group of students. 
(Twelve students would mean 3 groups of 4.) We 
will determine how long it will take to 
achieve that goal, subgoals along the way and 
how long it will take to achieve them. For 
each project there will be a culmination 
event. If they have built a vehicle, it might 
be race of some sort. If they have done 
something artistic perhaps there will be a 
show of some sort. Culmination events might be 
speeches about what they have done, written 
descriptions of what they have done, or 
presentations to other kids in other places 
(via Skype or Facebook) who are working on the 
same projects. 
7.The challenge to our project is in the 
creation of the materials. We will not easily 
find materials geared towards the age group we 
have in mind. For example, there are plenty of 
robot building kits but they are not meant for 
five year olds. Our job will be to write the 
materials in such a way that they do the job 
of teaching kids o read in the context of 
helping them build something. 
EFTA00731077
--- PAGE 5 ---
8.All projects will have this format. There will 
be a goal agreed upon by the students, groups 
formed to work on the projects, and teachers 
to help advise. As an example, we intend to 
teach the kids Spanish one hour every day. To 
do this, we will not have Spanish lessons per 
se. One of our projects will simply be in 
Spanish. We will have to choose a project that 
can be done one hour per day for the whole 
year. Our task will be to create the materials 
for that project in Spanish and have the kids 
learn to speak and read Spanish the same way 
they are learning to read English, by needing 
it to figure out what they are doing. Of 
course, the Spanish project would have to 
start out quite simply. The job of the teacher 
in this case would be to speak to them only in 
Spanish. We would employ a native Spanish 
speaker to come in for this hour each day. 
EFTA00731078

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731079.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731079.pdf
----------------------------------------
_7
BASED PARTLY 
/METRIC MA PPINC 
SURVEYS, CIRCA 
/ 
2-6 
Tc 
z 
/ 
34.6 
/ 
4u,
24- 
nAopOLE 
3.2A 
iIi _ 
38.
/
. 
\ 
Ffi Pole 
3v9C 
4o-- 
.0 
I 
osnciarte,/tei ..L.0._ 
-------- 
4,3 
g 
35.3
\ 
/ 
\ 
/ 
a3 .o 
e 39\9 
I , 
6,
L.39. 
/ 
41.6 
I I I e. / 
/ 
i  
36.8 
VIII 1 141.0 
/ 
7.4:.398 
1111 / 
/ 
.0.7.--_ ---_ _ 
.; . 36.0 
....- 
//1/ i 
. 
....- -........ 
/
42X 
+423 
-- 
...-- 
/ 
/ 
32.9 
% 
i li
 tia
k
()42
 451  
,. 
36.7 
...
/ 1 
d?‘ af 
& Oai
 Lit
. 43 6 
-"C 
2 
sap 
716. 
ifj + 114.9
r 
I 
,.42.3/ 
p,‘,te \e\l e 
tstAl i eel's/
al , p(r*A4pre ,,,- ,/,/-„,,----_,,----
-4).-- 
...- ---
O V 
/00" LI 
Igi
, i , 
i ; I , 
 , , 
i 
r
, 
t 
I 
! 
/ ipm
e 
/ 
/ 
/ 
IRI I 
I 
i 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/
 / 
/
/ 
Dirt Rood" 
1.0.3 
I 
I 
/ 
•
TREE stmt . / 
I 
, 
I 
I I
I 
x 
I 
, 
I 
I 
I 
I
r) 1 
• 
I 
Al 
I ! 
.
I
l
i 
.
.
•
.
.
3"
i
s 
t  
40.6 
I 
f
i 
.
i
412- 
/
C3 
.%61. 3 cl
.  
/ 
.41.7/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
I
/ 
I 
• 
I 
.1 
/ 
I !Ar 
/ 
utioti4",1 
/ 
EFTA00731079
--- PAGE 2 ---
OO'139 I9 
3111. SO
I • 
3143 11-9001
artil 
sts p 
. 
.2_ 4_ it th r-44
.51741'0°)4 Z£•7 
g.v•Vivol sti)su. 
112.8 
'lel g 43.0.0,67.3
„Z 
t 
7.) x\ 10 
ki 21-1 11 
onh 0 
hz ro w Icoeuory-----
EFTA00731080

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731081.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731081.pdf
----------------------------------------
US Airways I Airline tickets. vacations & business flights 
MS AIRWAYS 
KRAUSS/LAWRENCE 
US FLIGHT: 181 
31JAN 
FORT LAUDERDALE 
PHOENIX 
E-TICKET 
ZONE 
STAR GOLD 
FIRST CLASS 
SEAT: 
0LL26'VS 
4A 
cut bete 
Dort 
°WOWS 
/OK 
O 
A ?MIK° 
FORT LAUDERDALE 
PHOENIX 
181 
4..tt 
it4W-trilAC 
sub 
E9 
435P 
4A 
STAR OX0 
°golf. 
31JAN 
Check the flight monitors at the airport. Gate assignments and departure times may change! 
Get there ear-4 
Please get to the airport at least two hours before your departure time for domestic U.S. flights and three hours 
before departure time for international flights. Also, your reservation may be cancelled if you are not checked in 
and at the departure gate at least 15 minutes prior to scheduled departure for domestic flights. 30 minutes for 
international flights. 
Your baggage 
You're allowed one carry-on (up to 45 in. and 40 lbs.) and one personal item on board. Please check your bags 
at least 45 minutes before your scheduled departure. If you're traveling internabonally, please check your bags 
at least 60 minutes before your scheduled departure. 
Cneck your flight status 
Check your flight status on 
real-time flight and gate information. 
or text your flight number to TEXTUS (839887). We'll text you 
U.S AIRWAYS 
Depart: FORT LAUDERDALE 0 PHOENIX 
Date: Sunday. January 31, 2010 
Departs: 505P 
US Flight 0: 181 
rot-ris-- Confirmation code: GLL261fUS 
Get up to 
35,000 bonus miles 
with quellfyInq transetticm 
k.w 
Are. 
4A 
your seat 
KRAUSS/LAWRENCE 
FFD: AT291919CO STAR GOLD 
E-TICKET 
I of I 
1/30/10 9:31 PM 
EFTA00731081

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731082.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Ms Reich. 
I write this to respond to your memo of feb 16 . In my email , I suggested that I was 
told that Mr Lefcourt would call me , now over a week, ago.. I am under strict 
instructions that this matter not be sent up to Mr. Epstein, until I and your firm 
agreed on the amounts and the facts.. 
Unfortunately, it still appears that after being shown numerous errors in your 
statements and invoices, you have yet to understand the accounting errors, 
inaccuracies, and the history of the billing issues. 
First let me assure you that I know Mr Epstein has the greatest affection for Mr. 
Lefcourt. He has never spoken about him or your firm in anything but glowing 
terms. That being said. On at least two separate occasions he at my prompting 
brought to Mr Lefcourts attention the seemingly impossible rate at which bills were 
being sent. In contrary to your assertions regarding the method of billing, your like 
every other firm, ws asked to not send detailed bills, as those bills would not be 
privelidged. He never discouraged the sending of bills, and we questioned the overly 
large amounts billed by your firm in comparison to every other.. Mr Lefcourt 
responded that he had checked both times, andthat the bills had been checked and 
re-checked. He stated that his whole firm was working for Jeffrey so that is what he 
should expect. I note that as these payment were in 2006 and early 2007, tax 
returns filed for those years must have reflected erros of serious size. In firms that 
have a multiple of your firms annual billings , and error of 50 k would not have 
gone unnoticed the magnitude of three quarters of a million dollars , in a small firm 
as yours is unexplainable especially considering the requests for them being verified 
on more than one occasion. 
As an example of what seems to be your continuing unfamiliarity with your firms 
own billing, you have made the laughable request that I present backup for your 
firms accounting that states " retainer for Epstein ".. This entry is not on my books„ 
it is on YOURS. , you ask me to now give you back up for how you erroneously billed 
us.. In addition, we are not questioning the bills of Klores , they totaled 125k but 
your invoices that say YOU paid him 75, k . as a retainer. And then on a single day in 
aug, billed three 25k invoices on the same day. There was obviously no balancing of 
your own books. 
I find it incumbant upon myself, noting that you have referenced the solid 
performance of your firm in the Citibank matter, to remind you in no uncertain 
terms . that when your firm initially got involved in Mr Epstein s criminal matter, he 
had a signed agreement for a single felony count, with three years probation. And 
no sex registration. A deal that the police had reluctantly signed on to. It is no 
secret that the final result of Mr Epsteins jail, sentence plus a registration, was the 
final outcome your firm achieved . There are no proud attorneys here, and least of 
all , as you were the lead attorneys should you be in a self congragualtory mode. 
There has been a general acknowledgement by every other firm involved that the 
results were far less than stellar, and all have made, substantial reductions in their 
billings. That is not my concern, as I have previously expressed on numerous 
occasions. That is between Mr Lefcourt and Mr Epstein. I reiterate that we were in 
2007-8 overbilled by 800k, a not insignifigant amount. 
EFTA00731082
--- PAGE 2 ---
We have not revlewd your hourly billing, however if the review we have done 
ofyour expenses are any guide, you now ask me to accept your word that those 
numbers are accurate. It would be irresponsible on my part to make that 
recommendation to Mr Epstein at this time. 
Please wire the overbilled amount to / 
EFTA00731083

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731084.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Glenn: 
It has been nearly two months since our conversation. As you know, 
Kirkland and Ellis has been in contact with Mike Carroll. After the exchange of 
many e-mails, telephone calls and a face-to-face meeting, they, Kirkland do not 
believe they has gotten much closer to a complete understanding of what has 
actually transpired. 
Mike Carroll has been as helpful ,as he wanted to be. As opposed to what I 
they had hoped would be an open dialogue, with a broad sharing of information, as I 
thought we agreed, they reported that his first priority , as it should be, was to 
protect his client. In that regard, theysay he has refused to share the vast majority 
of documents that they had asked for, and he has put forth to the best of his ability 
an argument for why Highbridge was in no way responsible for the return of my 
investment. He repeatedly stated that neither Highbridge, you or Henry had 
"control" over the investment portfolio and therefore should not be responsible 
though he brought little light as to the details of his position.. 
Glenn, you know I only have affection for you and your family. I have felt 
awkward since our last meeting and would like nothing better than to at least have 
an agreed understanding as to the facts. My understanding was that you had 
proposed , that you would do everything you could to help me get back my 
investment with that in mind 
My understanding is as follows: 
• 
In 2002 and 2003, I invested $60 MM with Highbridge, who employed Dan 
Zwirn as a manager. I also invested an additional $20 MM at the beginning of 
2005. 
• 
In March 2004, Zwirn spun off into D.B. Zwirn and Co. 
• 
In September 2004, Highbridge sold most of its interests to J.P. Morgan. 
Though its is Kirklands' understanding that, in substance, Dubin and Sweica 
continued to receive its portion of the management and incentive fees I paid 
to Zwirn and then passed on to you and henry in the form of a distribution. 
• 
Sometime between September 04 and October 06, Highbridge they are told 
demanded that its account at Zwirn be reduced, as third-party managers 
were no longer allowed under Highbridge's contract with J.P. Morgan. As a 
result, some four to five hundred million dollars in securities were after 
being redeemed or sold to the remaining Zwirn Funds, those in which I was 
invested,and continued to be paid while my demand for payment lay idle. 
Although we are told the Highbridge account was to be run a like a mirror 
to the Zwirn Funds and the investments were virtually the same, Highbridge 
monies began to be returned, the Dubin and Sweica interests reduced, and 
EFTA00731084
--- PAGE 2 ---
again we are told that an agreement was entered into that the Dubin and 
Swieca interests also be paid out under a separate agreement We 
understand that to date, all the monies owed to Dubin and Swieca have not 
been fully paid, so that Dubin and Swieca still retains an interest in the Zwirn 
business. 
• 
In October 2006, Zwirn called me to alert me to the fact he had terminated 
Perry Gruss as CFO for reasons which Zwirn initially claimed were not 
material. I believe that Zwirn's counsel told you a similar story, but with 
more details. AS we know that story later proved to be false. This 
precipitated a series of phone calls among Zwirn, his counsel, you and me in 
which I repeatedly demanded to redeem all of my interests. At the time, my 
investment was worth approximately $150 MM. 
• 
In November 2006, you and Zwirn called me to ask if I would be willing to 
limit my redemption demand to one-half of the then current value of my 
investment, rather than the entire investment, and I was lead to believe that 
Zwirn would honor this partial redemption request. I was not notified at 
that time that if I complied with the reduced request, I would, by design, fall 
into a different redemption category under my agreement with the Fund, and 
Zwirn would then be able to deny my request for any money whatsoever. 
Without full knowledge of the dire consequences, I then sent a demand 
notice for a partial redemption, as per your and Zwirn's suggestion, of $80 
MM. 
• 
In January 2007, Highbridge demanded the remaining liquidation of its 
investments with Zwirn, claiming, among other things, that approximately 
$48 MM was missing from Highbridge's Zwirn account and should be 
restored. In all of my conversations with you regarding my problems with 
Zwirn, I was never apprised of any agreement where Highbridge had began 
redeeming its interests or the fact that in 2005 and 2006 Highbridge had 
previously sought to redeem its entire investment from the Zwirn managed 
account In fact, I believe we both recall the conversation where I asked you, 
if lam to stay "are you still in," and you responded "yes." 
• 
Additional disclosures of accounting irregularities at the end of 2006 and 
beginning of 2007 and my discovery of blatant misrepresentations made to 
me by Zwirn caused me to send an additional notice in February 2007 
demanding redemption of my entire investment 
• 
In March 2007, Schulte Roth informed me that both my November 2006 and 
February 2007 redemption requests were denied. As I have stated 
previously, Schulte Roth claimed that my February 2007 request for 
complete redemption was invalid because it was made after the notice 
window closed and that my November 2006 partial redemption request, 
EFTA00731085
--- PAGE 3 ---
though timely, was also invalid. According to Schulte Roth, the reason that 
my November 2006 redemption request was invalid was because it was a 
request for a partial redemption. Shulte Roth further claimed that at the time 
that I sent the November redemption notice, I was only permitted to make a 
complete redemption, which is what I repeatedly demanded until you and 
Zwirn requested that I request only a partial redemption. Thus, had I not 
agreed to your and Zwirn's request that I demand a partial redemption, 
rather than the complete redemption, there would have been no basis to 
deem my November 2006 redemption request to be invalid. 
• In September 2007, you entered into a settlement agreement with Zwirn 
pursuant to which you were to receive $30 MM in connection with the 
termination of your direct and indirect interests in the General Partner and 
Trading Manager of the Funds. This fact was also never disclosed to me. 
• 
We are told that, in October 2007, you received $3.1 MM of the $30 MM 
settlement 
• 
We are told that, in February 2008, you received $9.4 MM of the $30 MM 
settlement 
• 
I believe you are still owed money. I'm sorry ... I know that this has been a 
very difficult time. 
Glenn, I have not adequately communicated my appreciation with regard to 
your liberal attitude in welcoming me as part of your family. We have in fifteen 
years never had a disagreement . I know you find this as difficult as I do. 
With regard to our business relationship, over the past ten years, I have paid 
Highbridge a total of over 57 million dollars in fees. Roughly half of that amount is 
attributable to the Zwirn investments. 
You should be aware that according to Kirlkiand they were not provided 
with the information and documentation regarding Highbridge's investments with 
Zwirn, Highbridge's redemption requests or its January 2007 demand for 
liquidation of its investments. Moreover, they have been provided no information 
as to how Zwirn held, allocated or transferred investments among the Funds and its 
managed accounts or how such investments were liquidated or transferred in order 
to cover Highbridge's redemptions. I understood from our last conversation that 
Zwirn had previously refused to give you an accounting, though you are a partner. 
Is this still true. 
At the January 22, 2009 meeting at Davis Polk, we were provided only 
sketchy information as to a breakdown of the direct or indirect interests in the 
Funds' general partner and manager after March 24, 2004. My lawyers were 
EFTA00731086
--- PAGE 4 ---
permitted to briefly review, but not copy, a few operating agreements of the Fund's 
general partner and manager and the general partner of the Fund's manager, 
respectively, but that is all. They were not even permitted to review seemingly 
material documents referred to in those operating agreements, including a January 
2004 letter agreement and a January 2004 investment advisory agreement. Nor 
were my attorneys permitted to review your September 2007 settlement 
agreement. 
Under the circumstances, without additional information and documents to 
clarify matters, Kirlkland does not understand how Highbridge, in a fiduciary 
capacity at a minimum is not responsible for my investment. I invested my money 
with Highbridge . Highbridge and/or Dubin and Sweica continued to receive 
compensation in respect of my investment before, during and after my redemption 
problems arose. But for , the request to reduce my demand for my entire 
investment , without being told of the draconian consequences , both you and I 
would be free of this uncomfortable circumstance. 
What should we do? 
EFTA00731087

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731088.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731088.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Glenn 
It has been nearly two months since our conversation. As you know, Kirkland and 
Ellis have been in contact with Mike Carroll. After the exchange of many e mails, 
and a number of faceto face meetings.. I'm afraid we have not gotten closer to an 
understanding of what has transpired// 
Mike carol has been as helpful as he wanted to be. His first concern , as it should be, 
was and still is , to protect you interests. In that regard he has refused to share the 
vast majority of documents that we haveasked for, and put forth his version of why 
highbridge was not in any way liable for the return of my investment.. He stated 
that neither highbridge or you and or henry, had control over the investment 
portfolie 
I only have affection for you and your family.. I have felt awkward since our last 
meeting . 
I would like to agree on the facts, so as to be able to move forward . my 
understanding is as follows. 
In 2002 , I invested mone with highbridge , who had dan zwirn as an emplyeee 
In 2004 dan spun off into db zwirn and co. hihgbrige changed its owenershi[ 
In 2006. 
EFTA00731088

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731089.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731089.pdf
----------------------------------------
Timcstamp: 1272212009 4:03 PM EST 
AFFIDAVIT OF GLENN DUBIN 
STATE OF NEW YORK ) 
) ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK) 
Glenn Dubin, being duly sworn, deposes and says: 
1. 
I am over twenty-one years of age and am competent to testi& to the matters stated 
herein because I have personal knowledge of the facts and statements in this affidavit. Each of 
the facts and statements is true and correct. 
2. 
From 2002 and at least through 2007, an entity that I controlled owned an interest in the 
general partner of DB Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. ("Fund"). The Fund was named 
after Daniel Zwim ("Zwim"). While Zwirn was responsible for day-to-day management of the 
Fund, after Dan Zwim spun off his business from Highbridge/ Zwirn, Highbridge and I helped 
raise capital for the Fund , we as highbridge allocated money to a managed account and Zwim 
would consult with me about various issues. 
3. 
One of the first investors that I directed to invest in the Fund was Jeffrey Epstein 
("Epstein"). Epstein was both a personal friend of mine and a major client of my firm, 
Highbridge Capital Corporation. Between 2002 and 2005, Epstein (through an entity called 
Financial Trust Company, Inc.) invested $80 million in the Zwirn Fund. 
4. 
In early September 2006, Zwim informed me that he was firing the Fund's then-Chief 
Financial Officer, Perry Gruss. Zwim said that he discovered various irregularities at the Fund, 
including that investors' money was used to pay for an airplane that would be owned by Zwim's 
company. 
997683v1/011585 
EFTA00731089
--- PAGE 2 ---
Timcstamp: 12/22/2009 4:03 PM EST 
5. 
During October 2006, Zwim told me that he made various attempts to contact each 
investor and explain the situation to them. One of those investors was Epstein. 
6. 
After receiving one of Zwim's calls, Epstein called me very upset. Epstein said that 
Zwim had initially described the irregularities as "nonmaterial" but on a subsequent call Zwirn's 
description of the issues made it clear to Epstien that the problems were material. When Epstein 
confronted Zwim about his earlier description, Zwim explained that his counsel had told him to 
use that language. Epstein felt that Zwim had lied to him Given the situation, Epstein told me 
that he wanted to redeem his entire investment in the Fund immediately and that he had made 
that demand to Zwim. [RELIANCE FROM THIS POINT FORWARD), BUT IT IS THERE 
FOR COMPLETENESS.] 
7. 
In response, I talked to Zwim about Epstein's demand. Zwirn was concerned that such a 
withdrawal could cause a "run-on-the-bank." Zwirn asked me to help convince Epstein to 
reduce his demand, to half of his total capital account at the time, which I agreed to do. 
8. 
Subsequently, I participated in a three-way call among Zwim, Epstein, and myself. 
During this call, Epstein again demanded all of his money back from the Fund. Zwim responded 
that such a withdrawal could cause a "run-on-the-bank." Zwim pleaded with Epstein to reduce 
his withdrawal demand to request return of his initial invested capital only. Zwirn promised that 
if Epstein reduced his request, the Fund would honor it quickly, . Given my prior discussion 
with Zwim, I urged Epstein to accept Zwirn's proposal as a way of resolving the dispute. During 
these discussions with Epstein, Zwim did not dispute that Epstein had the right to withdrawal all 
of his money. I assumed that Epsteins withdrawal would be accomplished quickly. I my self 
have never encountered a provision that only allowed total withdrawals as opposed to partial 
withdrawals. It is my understanding that after this conversation, Epstein made a written demand 
997683v1/011585 
EFTA00731090
--- PAGE 3 ---
Timcstamp: 12/22/2009 4:03 PM EST 
to withdrawal $80 million of FTC's investment in the Fund. It is also my understanding that the 
Fund—at Zwim's direction—refused to honor this request. , claiming that a partial withdrawal 
would need to be dealt with differently , and they would not now honor the partial withdrawal 
request made at the spceifec request of Zwim. 
Glenn Dubin 
Sworn to before me this 
day of December, 2009. 
(Seal) 
Notary Public in and for 
THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
997683v1/011585 
EFTA00731091

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731092.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731092.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Alex: 
Consistent with Mr. Epstein's continued exercise of his best efforts to 
maintain full compliance with the terms of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, we 
write to inform you of new information we have just received from the Palm Beach 
County Sheriffs Office. As part of the normal step down process customarily 
implemented by the Sheriffs Office with respect to inmates similarly situated to Mr. 
Epstein, and in accordance with the usual and customary progression from the work 
release phase of incarceration, the Sheriff's Office has informed Mr. Epstein of its 
desire to implement the next step of home incarceration of Mr. Epstein under 24 
hour, 7 day a week GPS monitoring by Sheriff's deputies. 
We believe that the continued incarceration of Mr. Epstein by the County 
Sheriff under this next step of the process would not violate the terms of the Non-
Prosecution Agreement. However, in an abundance of caution, we write to inform 
the United States Attorney's Office of the Sheriffs desire inorder to avoid any 
misunderstandings that may arise on either side. Although you recently informed 
us that you have recused yourself from participation in Mr. Epstein's case, inasmuch 
as you, yourself, personally negotiated the terms of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, 
we thought it would be appropriate to inform you of these new developments. We 
believe that your statement that the contract terms of the final document should be 
our guide. might help clarify any issues that may arise with other members of your 
staff. 
As you and if necessary your staff consider these developments, we believe 
that the following points will clarify why this next phase of incarceration does not 
violate the provisions of the Non-Prosecution Agreement: 
1. 
Under the relevant terms of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, Mr. 
Epstein was required to "make a binding recommendation that the Court impose a 
thirty (30) month sentence to be divided as follows: 
(a) 
Epstein shall be sentenced to consecutive terms of twelve (12) months and 
six (6) months in county jail for all charges, without any opportunity for withholding 
adjudication or sentencing, and without probation or community control in lieu of 
imprisonment" 
Moreover, the agreement states that Mr. Epstein was obligated "to use his best 
efforts to convince the Judge of the 15th Judicial Circuit to accept Epstein's binding 
recommendation regarding the sentence to be imposed ..." Clearly, Mr. Epstein has 
done both. (A) Judge of the 15th Judicial Circuit accepted and executed the 
EFTA00731092
--- PAGE 2 ---
sentence", as required by the third term of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, and Mr. 
Epstein is currently serving precisely the sentence required under the terms of the 
Non-Prosecution Agreement 
Not only has Mr. Epstein been serving this sentence, but the specifics of his 
incarceration have exceeded even that which the Judge, herself, required. The Judge 
did not order that Mr. Epstein serve his sentence in solitary confinement for the first 
three months of his incarceration, nor that his outside time , be limited to an average 
of only 4 hours per week. Yet those terms, which were within the purview of the 
Sheriff's Office, were accepted and served by Mr. Epstein without complaint 
2. 
The United States Attorneys Office the very next day after the Mr 
Epstein began serving his sentence notified the sheriff that they acknowledged that 
the conditions of custody were in the discretion of his office "so long as he is treated 
like any other similarly situated inmate in the county system". 
3. 
Alternative custody is granted by the Sheriffs Office as part of a long 
standing program. It is administered, implemented and monitored exclusively by 
Sheriffs Office Deputies , separate and apart from any program administered by the 
Florida State Department of Corrections, including the sentence of community 
control (discussed in point 5 below). Among the phases of the alternative custody 
program administered by the Palm Beach County Sheriff are work release and home 
confinement. Both work release and home confinement are granted by the Sheriffs 
Office pursuant to the identical eligibility requirements. As Mr. Epstein has already 
satisfied the eligibility requirements for work release, he is also eligible for the 
home confinement phase of county incarceration under the alternative custody 
program. Inasmuch as we have already agreed that the admission of Mr. Epstein to 
the county's alternative custody program of incarceration on the same terms as 
similarly situated county inmates does not violate the terms of the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement, Mr. Epstein's participation in the next progressive step of that same 
alternative custody program should also not be in violation of the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement 
4. 
Home confinement is normal part of the usual and customary 
progressive step down used to reintegrate inmates back into society. Presently 
approximately 200 county inmates serve their county sentences in home 
confinement. But home confinement is itself, only one step in the overall 
progression from strictly supervised institutional incarceration to strictly 
monitored and supervised alternative custody. This is a well established program of 
the Palm beach Sheriffs Office . You have confirmed to me on several occasions your 
agreement that once Mr. Epstein was Mr. Epstein was convicted, sentenced and 
began serving the sentence imposed by the State of Florida, the United States 
Attorneys Office would not involve itself in the ordinary administration of Mr. 
Epstein's sentence by county and state officials. 
EFTA00731093
--- PAGE 3 ---
5. 
Home confinement in the County's alternative custody program 
differs dramatically from community control., which is strictly administered by the 
Florida State Department of Corrections. Home confinement is an alternative form 
of county incarceration administered exclusively by the County Sheriffs Office and 
its law enforcement personnel. The inmate is still considered in the custody of the 
Sheriff. It requires the inmates continued presence within the confines of the four 
walls of the home, [except when the inmate travels to and from an eligible work 
location]. The inmates continued presence within the confines of the home is 
monitored 24 hours and day, 7 days a week by Sheriff's deputies through the use of 
an ankle bracelet and a GPS monitoring system. If the inmate leaves the confines of 
the home without permission, deputies are authorized to arrest the inmate 
immediately. 
Community Control on the other hand is a form of State administered 
probation monitored by its probation department and case officers . A person 
serving community control is not under constant monitoring, but rather must report 
at least once a week to his case officer (as opposed to once a month for those on 
regular probation). They are subject to an evening curfew, and a multitude of other 
restrictions that may be imposed by the judge. 
In conclusion , the Sheriffs office has suggested to Mr. Epstein that it was 
now appropriate for him to begin the next level of alternative custody, and we have 
advised Mr Epstein that his availing himself of the same opportunity given to other 
inmates similarly situated would not violate his non- prosecution agreement . 
If there are any questions please feel free to contact me . 
jay 
EFTA00731094

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731095.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731095.pdf
----------------------------------------
NEW MEXICO 
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY 
POST OFFICE BOX 1628 • SANTA FE, NEW MEXICO 87504-1628 
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY 
BILL RICHARDSON 
827-3370 
GOVERNOR 
JOHN DENKO JR. 
CABINET SECRETARY 
August 19, 2010 
Jeffery E. Epstein 
Zorro Ranch Rd 
Stanley, NM 87056 
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF 
NEW MEXICO STATE POUCE 
827-9219 
RE: SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION AND NOTIFICATION ACT 
Dear Jeffery E. Epstein: 
FARON W. SEGOTTA 
DEPUTY SECRETARY-OPERATIONS 
CHIEF-STATE POLICE 
DR. MIKE L. MIER 
DEPUTY SECRETARY-ADMINISTRATION 
After reviewing your file it is our determination that under the current NMSA 29-11A you are 
not required to register with the State of New Mexico at this time for your 2008 Florida 
conviction of Procuring Person Under 18 for Prostitution. 
However, while you reside 
temporarily in New Mexico you may be required to register per Title I of the Adam Walsh Child 
Protection and Safety Act of 2006. 
Please contact Teresa Hernandez at 505-827-3314, if you have any further questions. 
Sincerely, 
Regina Chacon, Assistant Bureau Chief 
Law Enforcement Records Bureau 
NM Department of Public Safety 
CC: Santa Fe County Sheriff 
File: 
TH: RC 
ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES 
827-9022 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
8279262 
MOTOR TRANSPORTATION 
POLICE DIVISION 
476-2457 
CALEA 
ACCAEM0 LAW INF0RCWOll AGENCY 
SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS 
841-8053 
TECHNICAL SUPPORT 
827-9221 
TRAINING AND RECRVIIING 
827-9251 
EFTA00731095

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731096.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731096.pdf
----------------------------------------
MAKE : GULFSTREAM 
MODEL : G-V 
SER # 
: V.532 
REG # 
: N740SS 
YR DLV 
YR MFT 
ASKING AMT (USD) 
:1997 
STATUS 
:1997 
FOR SALE (Y/N) 
MAINTAINED 
: Make Offer 
: Immediate 
:J 
: FAR Part 135 
REP. PURCHSD : 12/30/2002 
DATE EDITED 
: 08/31/2010 
DATE LISTED 
: 05106/2010 
FOLLOW UP 
: 00/00/0000 
REG AS / 
OWNER 
Wells Fargo Bank Northwest, I■ 
Shorenstein Company, LLC 
Mr. Walter H. Shorenstein 
555 California Street, Suite 4900 
San Frandsco, CA 94104 
USA 
415-772-7000 OFF 
A/C BASE: 
(MK 
Oakland International Airport 
EU 
415-986.8461 FAX 
CA 
C 
CHARTER COMPANY 
ACM Aviation, LLC 
Mr. Charlie Johnson 
Director of Operations 
1162 Aviation Avenue 
San Jose. CA 95110-1278 
USA 
408-286-3832 OFF 
!HIE 
LEASED: 
408-286-1629 FAX 
EXCLUSIVE BROKER 
Bloomer date Group Avia, Inc 
Mr. Mark Bloomer 
President 
805-484-6605 OFF 
805-4846656 FAX 
Times Current: 
05/14/2910 
ENG TT 
5775 
5775 
SMOHICORE : 
SHOT/MPI 
TBO 
7000 
7000 
SPOH 
APU/APUSa 
: Honeywell RE-220 
APU TTSN 
3215 
APU SOH: 
MX PROG
. 
EXCLUSIVE BROKER 
P132 
ENG C44: 
AIRFRM TT : 5775 
ENG MODEL : BR710A1-10 
ENG SEM 
: 11169 
LANDINGS: 
2882 
PROPSER# 
FEATURES : DAM : 
EMP 
EMP: 
U 
RVS : Y 
HUD 
HOTS: 
11170 
GCM : 
: N 
EVS 
: 
Maintenance 
Inspection 
DAMAGE HISTORY: 
DEFINE: 
EXT : 
Exterior 
Colors 
INT : 
Interior 
Seating 
Beige leather seating, forward 4-place berthable beige fabric divan opposite 2-place Eight tan leather club, mid-cabin 4-place 
light tan leather club, aft 4-place light tan leather conference group 
Lavatory 
Forward crew & aft 
Accessories 
Brass sateen metal work 
Business Equipment Canon fax machine & printer 
Entertainment 
Equipment 
144-Month inspection cAv by Gulfstream, Long Beach, CA. as reported 08/31/10. Water system upgaded by Gulfstream, Long 
Beach, CA. as reported 08/31/10. Weigh date 07/31/08. WEIGHTS (lbs.): BOW 49144. 
RVSM. C of A Issued 11/22/97. Transferrable pre-owned warranties; Production Structural Labor & Material warranty valid 
through 11/28/18 or at 2000377. Engine overhauls due at LE/RE: 7126TT / 712677. 
Cabinetry 
Refreshment 
Equipment 
Carpet 
Headliner 
General 
Equipment 
Lights 
General 
YEAR : 2003 
White w/blue & gray accent stripes 
YEAR : 
PASSGR 
:14 
Sony DVD & CD players, six 5.6-inch LCD monitors, dual Rosen 20-inch LCD monitors, Airshow Gonesys, video cassette player. 
Sony tuner/cassette player, Bose stereo speaker system 
Light karelian bunwood woodwork, aft credenza 
Forward galley wlhigh-temperature oven, microwave & coffeemaker w/hot cup 
Beige carpeting 
Light beige headliner 
Fireblodred 
Prescise Palm:Oates 
Puritan Benett external camera (forward, aft & down), water spindle, upgraded water system 
EFTA00731096
--- PAGE 2 ---
MAKE 
: GULFSTREAM 
MODEL : G-V 
SER # 
: V-532 
REG # 
: N740SS 
YR DLV 
YR MFT 
ASKING AMT (USD) 
:1997 
STATUS 
:1997 
FOR SALE (WM 
MAINTAINED 
: Make Offer 
: Immediate 
: J 
: FAR Part 135 
REP. PURCHSD 
: 12/30/2002 
DATE EDITED 
: 08/31/2010 
DATE LISTED 
:05/08/2010 
FOLLOW UP 
: 00/00/0000 
AVNCS 
: Honeywell SPZ-8500 / Pro Line 
ALTIMTR 
: 
EFIS 
RDR ALT 
: Duel Honeywell RT-300 
F/DIR 
: Honeywell SPZ-8500 
RNAV 
AP 
LORAN 
RADAR 
: Honeywell Primus 880 color 
RMI 
STORM 
HSI 
COMMS 
Diple CollinsVHF-427J 
COMPASS 
: 
NAYS 
: Triple Collins VR-432 
F/PHONE 
: MagnaStar C-2000 
DME 
: Duel Collins DNIE-442 
HI FREQ 
: Dual Collins 728U-2 w/SELCAL 
ADF 
: Dual CoilinsADF-482 
CUR/FOR 
: B&D CVF0B&D FOR 
TPDR 
: Dual Collins MR-94D Mode S 
TCAS 
: AlliedSignal TCAS-II with:Inge 
L.R.N 
: Dual Honeywell NZ-2003 w/dual HG-2021 12-channel GPS, Triple Honeywell L 
Addl Cockpit Equipment 
General 
AlliedSignal EGPWS whvindshear, Honeywell MCS-600D 6-channel SATCOM w/Racal antenna, Honeywell DL-900 data loader, 
Artex ELT. Pacific Systems membrane switches, Honeywell lASERTRAK 
CONFIDENTIAL: 
Exclusive Brokees WebSite: vawitloomerdevere.com 
LEASED: 
LEASE TYPE: 
NOTES: 
LEASE TERM: 
EXPIRES: 
00/00/0000 
EFTA00731097

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731098.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731098.pdf
----------------------------------------
September 30, 2010 
Jay P. Lefkowitz, Esq. 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
601 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
Re: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Mr. Lefkowitz: 
I am writing in response to your September 23, 2010 letter to The Daily Beast on behalf 
of your client Jeffrey Epstein concerning three articles published on the website in July 2010. 
The articles were published following Mr. Epstein's completion of his sentence for soliciting 
prostitution and soliciting a minor child for prostitution, and also reported his status as a 
registered sex offender. Your letter also cautions against additional coverage of Mr. Epstein. 
Your letter identifies seven concerns Mr. Epstein has with statements in the three articles, 
the first of which is based on your assumption that the source identified in the articles as a former 
bookkeeper is a woman you name who was convicted of embezzlement from "the modeling 
agencies for which she was employed." The source was not identified by name in the articles, 
and therefore we will say nothing further about who it is. As a general matter, however, a 
criminal conviction does not preclude a source from providing accurate information. It is also 
not clear that your letter is actually disputing the accuracy of information that was attributed to 
the bookkeeper in the articles, in particular that girls working for MC2 flew on Mr. Epstein's 
private planes. 
Your letter attacks the report that Mr. Epstein transferred money to Mr. Brunel and his 
settlement with seven plaintiffs represented by Mr. Edwards, but the basis of Mr. Epstein's 
dispute with both of these points is not clear. On Mr. Brunel, your letter states that Mr. Epstein 
"did not ... give Mr. Brunel $1,000,000 to start his modeling agency." But it is not clear whether 
it is Mr. Epstein's position that he did send Mr. Brunel money at about that time, but not for that 
purpose, or that he sent a different amount then the very precise number in your letter, or that he 
sent no money ever to Mr. Brunel. If you would address the gist of the statement made in the 
article and explain what precisely Mr. Epstein claims happened, The Daily Beast can review this 
point. It is also not clear whether your criticism of the report of the litigation settlements is of 
the date of settlements, the amount of the settlements (your letter says the seven did not receive 
$1 million, but the article reported that they received well over $1 million) or the date 
settlements were paid. If you would explain what Mr. Epstein actually did pay and when, rather 
555 West 18111 SI reek New York, NY 10011 Phone:212 3M 7300 Mtx: 212 6329600 
EFTA00731098
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jay P. Lefkowitz, Esq. 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
September 30, 2010 
Page 2 
than simply what he claims didn't happen, that would enable The Daily Beast to consider 
whether a correction is appropriate and, if it is, what it would say. 
Your letter admits Ms. 
stated that Mr. Epstein told her that his preference for the 
girls she brought him was, "the younger the better." Mr. Epstein would prefer that The Daily 
Beast include at least one other portion of the transcript of this particular conversation, but, given 
Mr. Epstein's conduct with girls who were under the age of consent, it was a reasonable editorial 
judgment to use this excerpt as part of the explanation for what happened in his home. 
Your letter denies that Mr. Epstein ever even considered a plea agreement that would 
have included a 10-year sentence, but does not deny the existence of the draft agreement itself. 
The information that Mr. Epstein "committed" to such a sentence is attributed to Mr. Edwards, 
who is identified as a lawyer representing plaintiffs who had sued and settled with Mr. Epstein. 
Readers were thus told that Mr. Edwards is not a neutral source. Had Mr. Epstein been more 
willing to answer questions for attribution prior to publication, his response could have been 
included in the article as well. 
In addition, although Mr. Edwards' incentive as a lawyer suing Mr. Epstein on behalf of 
multiple clients is mentioned repeatedly in the articles, Mr. Epstein would prefer that his lawsuit 
against Mr. Edwards be mentioned as well. Doing so would have required a fair report of that 
proceeding, including the allegations and the defenses, which would have added little to the point 
that is obvious to readers: Mr. Edwards regards Mr. Epstein as a predator and, whatever other 
motives he has, he explicitly has a financial incentive do so. The back and forth of a lawsuit by 
Mr. Epstein against Mr. Edwards would do nothing to make Mr. Edwards' bias clearer and 
arguably would have muddied the point. 
Finally, the articles never state that Mr. Epstein has been charged with "sex trafficking." 
The July 29 article does report a renewed investigation of Mr. Epstein for possibly engaging in 
that crime, but does not state that charges will follow. The article also quotes his attorney Jack 
Goldberger stating that he had no knowledge of such a probe and that Mr. Epstein's position is 
that his compliance with the terms of the non-prosecution agreement should mean that there is no 
basis for such an investigation. 
If you provide additional details on what your dispute is with the report of the Brunel 
money and the settlements with the seven plaintiffs, The Daily Beast will consider those points 
further. At this point, there is no basis to correct any of the statements about which your letter 
complains. 
EFTA00731099
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jay P. Lefkowitz, Esq. 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
September 30, 2010 
Page 3 
Very truly yours, 
Joshua Sussman 
VP, General Counsel, Programming 
EFTA00731100

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731101.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731101.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jack, 
Gaugers son... 
1. Epstein has been for eight m onths---no trouble.. no discipline„ no grievance 
2. Not yet moved to infirmary„ I told him - this sat needs to have permit 
dputies notified. 
3. We can extend hours„ others are out form 7am to ten at night 
4. Frankly, after a couple of weeks. We should move him to house arrest.. 
with the change of administration, we believe we will not get push back from 
the USAO. 
5. If you agree, we would approach them to make certain. Off the record—
Jeffreys closest friends are sitting in the white house . though he has 
prohibited anyone from reaching out on his behalf„ but we think it is 
understood.. 
6. 
EFTA00731101

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731102.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM BEACH 
COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 
2008CF009381A 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
/ 
MOTION TO MODIFY SUPERVISION 
COMES NOW the Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through his undersigned 
attorney and moves this Honorable Court to enter an Order modifying the 
Defendant's category of supervision. In support thereof the Defendant would state 
as follows: 
1.. Florida Statute 948.10 sets forth a legislative policy that encourages a reduction 
of the level of supervision from community control to probation prior to the 
expiration of the term of supervision originally ordered by the Court in appropriate 
circumstances. 
2. In considering a petition to modify supervision from community control to 
probation, Florida Statute 948.10 specifically directs the Court to consider the 
following factors: 
A. The limited staff resources committed to the community control program. 
B.The offender's successful compliance with the conditions set forth in 
the Order of the Court 
3. On July 22, 2009, the Defendant was placed on community control I (the least 
restrictive non-monitored type of community control). 
4. The Defendant has been in complete compliance at all times with the terms of his 
supervision control since being placed on community control. 
5. The Defendant will have completed one half of his term of community control on 
January 22, 2010. 
6. The Defendant has completed all his special conditions of supervision. 
7. Undersigned counsel for the Defendant has spoken to the Defendant's community 
control officer, Carmen Sloane, who has indicated that the Defendant's conduct 
on community control has been in compliance with all terms, conditions, and 
rules of supervision without any violations. 
8. Additionally, prior to the Defendant's being released on community control, the 
Defendant served a jail sentence at the Palm Beach County Jail. For approximately 
sixmonths of the Defendant's jail sentence, the Defendant was granted work release. 
9. The Defendant completed his jail sentence with the work release component 
without violation and with conduct described by his work release supervisor as 
"exemplary". 
10. Given the Defendant's conduct while in jail, while on work release, and while on 
EFTA00731102
--- PAGE 2 ---
community control, the Defendant is not in need of the heightened supervision and 
cost to the community of community control and can be supervised meaningfully for 
the remainingmonths of his supervision under normal probation with whatever 
special conditions the Courtdeems appropriate. 
WHEREFORE, the Defendant moves this Honorable Court to enter an Order 
modifying the Defendant's supervision. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing has been furnished by mail to 
Barbara Burns, Esquire, State Attorney's Office, 401 North Dixie Highway, West 
Palm 
Beach, Florida 33401 and to Carmen Sloane, Department of Corrections, 423 Fern 
Street, 
W est Palm Beach, Florida 33401, this 
day of December, 2009. 
JACK A. GOLDBERGER, ESQ. 
Atterbury, Goldberger & W eiss, P.A. 
2S0 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
W est Palm Beach. Florida 33401 
Florida Bar No. 262013 
EFTA00731103

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731104.pdf
----------------------------------------
Lsj issuesboatPROGRAM NY LSJ FOUNTAINS,SCULTURE MOUNTAIN //ROADS 
1.office mac computers , music smart house„cayne bearb zwirn OFFICE FLOORS 
landscape office' rich harry, ftc, nysg, 
privlege, LARRY DAVE DARREN 
M
dock, tiki 
artle, tennis, columns, Syrian , blackboard lights. Wax. Desk, 
, kite pool, 
boris, Barnaby, SULTAN„WILL INSURANCE TUIOTNS 
jay. Critten, pike press,bruce fees jack alfredo, 
subpoena baker 
fsf? , mediation, settlemnt, reiter . press 
Pool 
Heli 30 th„„ dave feb 1 st, 
Bath outdoor bath,kitchen doors terraces plantedml 
Doors curtains office, shutters, art, 
Joe, daivdi Mitchell shabtai, mol 
eux, 
Pinto zuzanna 
NB 
? Ion, outdoodr bath. , ve etables trees 
terrace. Grasses 
Brandon„ dacha, Julia 
nanny, 
peter 
dates, boris S 
Michael wolfe -pike 
fire it, e 
, henry, dersh, boat, nanan, hangar, 
, naiomi, ferfie Andrew, keith, tommy. 
rosovsky, reid, 
nick julain, martin, minskyhanson, pashokow, 
will, ny office, structure, telecommunincations. 
EFTA00731104

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731105.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731105.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jay P. Lelkowitz, P.C. 
To Call Writer Directly: 
June 16, 2009 
VIA FACSIMILE 
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of Florida 
500 South Australian Avenue, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Marie: 
I write in response to your letter dated June 15, 2009. At this point, it has been well over 
two years since the federal government's initial involvement into what was originally a state 
prosecutorial matter. It has been almost a year since, pursuant to the terms of the federal Non-
Prosecution Agreement (the "NPA"), Mr. Epstein first pleaded guilty in state court and began 
serving his sentence in county jail. When Mr. Epstein was sentenced, the U.S. Attorney 
promised that the federal government's involvement would cease provided that Mr. Epstein 
served his sentence and was treated no differently from any other state prisoner. 
We take this opportunity to address in detail each of the alleged instances you describe to 
support your contention that Mr. Epstein has engaged in pattern of breaching the NPA. We 
respectfully submit (and support through documentary evidence) that Mr. Epstein has done 
nothing to breach the NPA. 
He simply wants to complete his sentence without further 
involvement or intimidation by the federal government, as he was promised. 
As an initial matter, it is important to consider your recent allegations in context. Mr. 
Epstein has, and continues to, satisfy his obligations pursuant to the NPA. In order to satisfy the 
claimed federal interest in this matter, Mr. Epstein pleaded guilty to a registerable offense, 
pursuant to he has already he registered as a sex offenderrupen-hie-release-fr-ern-pcisee7 and he 
has served the-mejeeky-of-his sentence in county jail. While such a plea and punishment was not 
otherwise sought by the State Attorney, Mr. Epstein agreed to his plea and sentence as a direct 
result of the NPA. 
Furthermore, Mr. Epstein has paid over $409;000250k  in 
semiementesettlements and fees  to women you identified as victims and, in one case, paid a 
EFTA00731105
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 16, 2009 
Page 2 
settlement to an individual he had no recollection even of meeting -- solely because she appeared 
on your list. 
First, your allegation that Mr. Epstein did not use his "best efforts" to enter his guilty plea 
and to be sentenced is completely without merit. The entry of the state plea was deferred with 
the express consent of United States Attorney Acosta, who recognized the importance of 
allowing Mr. Epstein to pursue an independent assessment of this matter by the Justice 
Department. The subsequent nine-month "delay" was a result of the Justice Department's 
decision to convene an intense and time-consuming review of the charge decision. Thus, the 
delay was not dictated by Mr. Epstein, but instead by the review process Mr. Acosta initiated 
after he acknowledged that the NPA, especially the part relating to Section 2255, was 
unprecedented and confusing. 
When, in late June of 2008, the Justice Department concluded its review, Mr. Epstein 
promptly entered his plea and began serving his sentence without delay. As the following 
timeline of events leading up to Mr. Epstein's entry of plea makes clear, the facts contradict your 
assertion that Mr. Epstein willfully breached the NPA by delaying his sentence: 
• 
The NPA, signed on September 24, 2007, provides that Mr. Epstein "begin serving his 
sentence not later than January 4, 2008." See NPA, ¶ 11. 
• 
On November 28, 2007, Mr. Epstein's defense counsel contacted Assistant Attorney 
General Alice Fisher to request a review of certain provisions of the NPA. We informed 
the USAO of this request the very next day in a letter to Mr. Acosta. See November 29, 
2007 Letter from Lefkowitz to Acosta, p. 4. 
• 
In a December 4, 2007 letter, Mr. Acosta stated that he supported the defense's appeal to 
Washington. 
• 
On December 11, 2007, pursuant to Mr. Acosta's request, the defense team sent him 
submissions detailing the defenses concerns related to the NPA on December 11. See 
December 11, 2007 Letter from Starr to Acosta. 
• 
On December 14, 2007, Mr. Acosta agreed to meet with members of the defense team to 
discuss the serious issues raised about the NPA. See December 17, 2007 Letter from 
Starr to Acosta. 
• 
In a December 19, 2007 letter, Mr. Acosta again stated that "the issues raised are 
important and must be fully vetted irrespective of timeliness concerns." 
He also 
indicated in that letter that he reached out to AAG Fisher to ask that she review this 
matter and to expedite the process. See December 19, 2007 Letter from Acosta to 
Sanchez. 
EFTA00731106
--- PAGE 3 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 16, 2009 
Page 3 
• 
In the beginning of January, 2008, Mr. Acosta and I discussed the need for further 
consideration of the issues raised by the defense. He postponed the plea and sentencing 
until the Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section (CEOS) was finished with its review 
of the case. 
• 
In a February 28, 2008 email I sent to Mr. Acosta, I confirmed that that "there were 
significant irregularities with the deferred prosecution agreement" and that he would ask 
CEOS to evaluate the matter. I also confirmed Mr. Acosta's agreement to postpone the 
state plea deadline until after the matter was reviewed. On that same day, First Assistant 
United States Attorney Sloman responded in writing as follows: "Please be assured that it 
has not, and never has been, this Office's intent to interfere or restrict the `review 
process' for either Mr. Epstein or CEOS. I leave it to you and CEOS to figure out how 
best to proceed and will await the results of that process." See February 29, 2008 Emails 
to Acosta and from Sloman. 
• 
Given that CEOS determined that it would not review many of the defense's objections 
and that its review would be limited on the rest of the objections, CEOS's decision, 
rendered on May 15, 2008, left open the need for a more thorough review of critical 
issues by others at the Justice Department. 
• 
In a May 28, 2008 email from Mr. Sloman to Mr. Lefkowitz, Mr. Sloman further 
postponed the deadline to plea until the Deputy Attorney General's Office (DAG) 
completed its review. See May 28, 2008 Email from Sloman to Lefkowitz. 
• 
A final letter of determination was not issued by the Department of Justice until June 23, 
2008. 
• 
Just one week after that date, Mr. Epstein promptly entered his plea and began serving his 
state sentence on June 30, 2008. 
While you blame Mr. Epstein and the defense team for failing to provide you with the 
state plea documents until the last business day before the plea, neither Mr. Epstein nor his 
counsel bear responsibility for the delay. INSERT JACK S The state plea agreement was not 
prepared by the State Attorney until the day before the plea, and it was sent to you promptly 
upon receipt by Mr. Epstein and his counsel. 
You further suggest that the error contained in the first draft of the proposed State 
agreement evidences Mr. Epstein's alleged efforts to undermine the Agreement. But that error 
cannot be attributed to Mr. Epstein or his defense team—much less constitute a "willful" breach 
of the NPA. Given that you and Mr. Goldberger had reviewed the State agreement, and that both 
of you mistakenly approved the document without noticing the error, it is clear that the oversight 
EFTA00731107
--- PAGE 4 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 16, 2009 
Page 4 
was not the result of an intentional desire to breach the NPA, but rather an error made by the 
State prosecutor (who prepared the document in the first place). Thus, the fact that the state plea 
agreement had to be re-drafted to correct the error is in no way evidence of Mr. Epstein's effort 
to breach the NPA. 
Second, you state that defense counsel "obstructed [your] ability to abide by [your] 
obligations to notify the victims of the outcome of the federal investigation." That allegation 
misconstrues the intentions and conduct of the defense team.  In October , 9 months before 
Epstein was sentenced we raised the issue of the victim notification letter.  While Mr. Epstein's 
counsel objected to your method and procedure for notifying the alleged victims and challenged 
whether you were in fact obligated to notify these individuals pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 3771, 
those objections were made in a timely and appropriate manner. The-c-emminieatiefis-regafding 
netifteitiien-begait-in-eitrly-Geteber-when. I stated in a letter to Mr. Acosta that the defense team 
did not believe "it was the government's place to be co-counsel to the identified individuals," 
and reasonably proposed that the alleged victims be contacted by the selected attorney 
representative. See October 10, 2007 Letter from Lefkowitz to Acosta. 
Then, on November 28, 2007, you sent defense counsel a proposed victim notification 
letter indicating that the alleged victims had a federal right to be notified of the resolution of this 
matter pursuant to the Crime Victims' Rights under § 3771. See November 28, 2007 Draft 
Victim Notification Letter from Villafana. We promptly objected to the draft letter, and our 
dialogue regarding notification issues continued. You did not finalize the notification letter for 
several months. 
The key point here, however, is that our objections to the letter were made in good faith 
and were well-founded. After all, Mr. Acosta, on December 6, agreed to adopt several of the 
modifications we suggested to resolve problems raised by the draft notification letter. See 
December 6, 2007 Letter from Acosta to Lefkowitz. The fact that Mr. Acosta eventually adapted 
the letter in response to our objections confirms both the good-faith nature of our objections and 
that neither Mr. Epstein nor his counsel violated the NPA by raising those objections in the first 
place. 
Third, Mr. Epstein did not, as alleged, refuse "to fulfill promptly Mr. Epstein's obligation 
to secure the services of an attorney representative for the victims." It was the United States' 
obligation to select a suitable attorney representative, subject to the good faith approval of Mr. 
Epstein's counsel. See Agreement, ¶ 7. Mr. Epstein's counsel raised a good faith objection to 
one of the proposed attorney representatives, and your office promptly withdrew his name. 
Indeed, due to the concern we had raised, your office specifically modified the procedure to 
select an attorney representative and delegated that task to Judge Davis. See Addendum. Again, 
the fact that your office accommodated our concerns validates their validity and undermines any 
plausible claim that we breached the NPA by raising those concerns with you. 
EFTA00731108
--- PAGE 5 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 16, 2009 
Page 5 
Once Mr. Podhurst was selected, Mr. Epstein and the defense team made every effort to 
retain Mr. Podhurst as soon as possible. Moreover, as you have acknowledged, the open issues 
involving the implementation of the § 2255 portions of the NPA were not resolved until early 
September of 2008. See December 22, 2008 Villafana Supplemental Declaration, p. 3 ¶ 9.  Only
Wive days later, on September 8, 2008, I sent a letter to Robert Josefsbert advising him that Mr. 
Epstein would pay his fees pursuant to the NPA for his role as an attorney representative. See 
September 8, 2008 Letter from Lefkowitz to Josefsbert. Furthermore, in an effort to comply with 
the restitution obligations under the NPA, Mr. Epstein already has paid Podhurst over $160,000 
in legal fees, despite significant concerns over the scope of the work for which he is billing Mr. 
Epstein. 
Fourth, in a further attempt to demonstrate that Mr. Epstein willfully breached the NPA, 
you cite a mere error made by defense counsel that was quickly communicated to your office. 
While there was a miscommunication regarding the approval of the Victim Notification Letter, it 
resulted from a mistake that you made: you had inserted language in the Victim Notification 
Letter that we never agreed was a part of the NPA and was merely suggested by your office in a 
letter in December of 2007. I first became aware of the error on August 13, 2008 and sent you a 
letter indicating our objections five days later. Again, that oversight was not a willful breach or 
an expression an intention to violate the terms of the Agreement. See August 13 and 18, 2008 
Letters from Villafana and from Lefkowitz. 
Fifth, there is no pending motion to quash pending. The fact that the motion was not 
withdrawn for some time was an administrative oversight that has now been remedied, but at no 
time did it prejudice the Government in any way. 
You further state that additional issues arose in November regarding the issuance of work 
release to Mr. Epstein. We discussed this matter with you and other individuals in November of 
2008. At that time, Mr. Roy Black met with you, Karen Atkinson, Bob Senor, and Jeffrey 
Sloman in Miami to review the work release issue. Among other significant documents, we 
presented you with your own email that acknowledged the sheriff had discretion in the matter. 
See July 3, 2008 Email from Villafana to Michael Gauger ("If Mr. Epstein is truly eligible for the 
[work release] program, we have no objection to him being treated like any other similarly 
situated prisoner . ."). Furthermore, Mr. Acosta previously assured me and other counsel that 
the USAO would not interfere in the ordinary implementation of discretionary administrative 
decisions by state or county officials. 
We are under no obligation (in the Agreement or 
anywhere else) to notify you of such discretionary and ordinary state-made decisions, and the 
fact that your office confirmed that Mr. Epstein was entitled to the same discretionary 
administrative decisions as other similarly situated inmates fundamentally undermines any 
clathat Mr. Epstein breached the NPA in connection with the state and county officials' decision. 
In any event, after thoroughly reviewing and evaluating Mr. Epstein's application, the Palm 
Beach County Sheriff's Office properly exercised its discretion, in full compliance with its stated 
EFTA00731109
--- PAGE 6 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 16, 2009 
Page 6 
requirements, policies and procedures, to grant Mr. Epstein work release. In addition after the 
sheriffs office also received in a multipage letter from you to captain sleeth. Reciting the same 
allegations of errors on mr epsteins work release application that you restate in your latest letter 
and fully investigated each allegation and found them wanting. 
Fufthefmerer  yea-eannet-reasenaly-blame-us-beeause-the-eetaay-elerk-eheeked-the-bem 
fer-Cemmuaity-Centr-el-l
either--MfEpstein-cier--his-seansel-had-any-santr-el-whateeeyer 
ever-the-eeaft-and-eleck2s-effiee,—The-elerk-iftedvertently-eheeked-the-Wrefig-bear and-with-aft 
due-respeetr it-is-beth-caefitless-and-meaa-spiFited-foc-yea-te-pia4his-efrer--ea-the-defease, 
INSERT JACKS ExPLANATION regarding the non pro tunc  Finally, the motion to 
dismiss that was the topic of discussion on June 12 has been withdrawn. As indicated in the 
letter I sent you yesterday, we have adopted an internal screening process aimed to eliminate 
future concerns as to potential breaches of the NPA. Mr. Epstein has directed all counsel to 
make sure that no filing is made that could constitute a breach of the NPA. Furthermore, the new 
process will allow you to have the opportunity to review any such filing before it is submitted to 
the court so that you may determine whether or not it constitutes a breach. 
I would note, however, that the previously filed motion to dismiss was not a product of 
Mr. Epstein's hours outside of county jail, and it certainly was not, in our view, a breach of the 
NPA. Mr. Epstein's counsel believed that the NPA gave Mr. Epstein a right to contest litigation 
whenever an express waiver to all other state and common law claims SEE NPA of the right to 
bring contested litigation in the future was not a:made:plead correctly or sufficiently . 
With 
respect to Jane Doe Number 101, there was no such waiver. And while Mr. Epstein's counsel 
still believe the motion to be well-grounded, PLEASE INSERT OTHER DETAILS OF WHY  it 
has been withdrawn at the insistence of Mr. Epstein—who prioritizes his desire to avoid 
contentious additional litigation with the USAO over this matter. 
At this point, Mr. Epstein has almost completed the incarcerativeen portion of his 
sentence. He will-r-egister--as-a-sea-affeader-upan-his-r-elease-has already registered as a sex 
offender and will be forever injured because of it. Mr. Epstein would have never pleaded guilty 
to a registerable offense or agreed to serve a sentence that included  any jail time, as you recall 
his solicitation charge carried with it mandatory pti. (for a pleaded offenses that carried none) 
were the NPA not in place. Thus, he has not only complied with the terms of the NPA, but 
provided valuable consideration to the government. Three of the alleged victims have already 
been compensated pursuant to the terms of the NPA, and there are on-going negotiations 
regarding the other identified individuals. Indeed, Mr. Epstein has offered to pay the statutory 
minimum under § 2255 to every woman on the 
goveminentLs-list, 
EFTA00731110
--- PAGE 7 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 16, 2009 
Page 7 
Epstein-has-pesfosmed4he-majosity-ef-44s-ebligatiens-uades-the-Agreement.1ist . 
The facts 
demonstrate that he has clearly not committed any breach of the NPA, much less a willful 
breach. And, as I have demonstrated in this letter, in several instances, the issues you complain 
about are not the fault of the defense at all and cannot reasonably be construed as a breach under 
any reasonable construction of the NPA. 
We respectfully submit that Mr. Epstein should not be punished further. As we have 
reiterated and as has been proven by Mr. Epstein's own actions, Mr. Epstein has no intention of 
breaching the NPA and has never had any such intention. Although you claim that Mr. Epstein 
received the benefits of the NPA and the Government only its burdens, I believe the reality is to 
the contrary. 
Mr. Epstein has suffered significant and irreversible prejudice: he has been 
imprisoned in a county jail for almost a year, a significant portion of which was for 24 hours a 
day; he has pleaded guilty to a state felony that requireds sex registration, a burden he will carry 
forever; he accepted civil burdens in his ongoing litigation that may result in millions of dollars 
of future payments; he has settled cases that could be won in deference to the NPA; and he is 
paying hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal fees for his adversaries to pursue him in court. 
The Government may have endured some delays and administrative costs in verifying facts-
such as that the Sheriff authorized work release according to state procedure and that the state 
issued certain orders--but neither the Government nor any civil plaintiff has suffered any harm, 
any prejudice, or any disadvantage as a result of the alleged "breaches" you have identified. We 
signed a contract -- the NPA -- with you in good faith, and in exchange Mr. Epstein gave 
consideration that cannot be returned (12 months of his freedom and his reputation). He is 
legally entitled to its benefits. He committed no "willful breach." If his lawyers erred in a filing, 
blame the lawyers, not Mr. Epstein. 
Just as we have done in the past, we will continue to prevent any potential breaches of the 
Agreement as soon as we are provided notice. We will continue to make our best efforts to 
communicate with you about any potential problems and hope, in the interest of a sound 
resolution to this matter, you will do the same. 
EFTA00731111
--- PAGE 8 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 16, 2009 
Page 8 
Sincerely, 
Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C. 
Enclosures 
cc: 
Karen Atkinson, Esq. 
EFTA00731112

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731113.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jay P. Lelkowitz, P.C. 
a
To Call Writer Directly: 
June 17, 2009 
VIA FACSIMILE 
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of Florida 
500 South Australian Avenue, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Marie: 
Wel write prepared this answer  in response to your letter dated June 15, 2009. At this 
point, as you are well aware  it has been well-eyee-twe-yeeesalmost three years  since the federal 
government first intervened in what was originally a matter investigated and charged by state 
prosecutorial authorities. It has been almost a year since Mr. Epstein pleaded guilty in state court 
and began serving his sentence in county jail, pursuant to the terms and as a direct result of the 
federal Non-Prosecution Agreement (the "NPA"). When Mr. Epstein was sentenced, the U.S. 
Attorney promised me and my co-counsel that the United States Attorney's Office's involvement 
would cease with Mr. Epstein's execution of the NPA and incarceration in state custody.—Mest 
importantly; Wwe were also promised that the federal government would not intervene in 
discretionary state or county decisions regarding the implementation of Mr. Epstein's sentence. 
We3Aze—_take this opportunity to address in detail each of the alleged instances you 
describe to support your eententien—position 
 that Mr. Epstein has engaged in a pattern of 
breaching the NPA. We respectfully submit (and support through documentary evidence) that 
Mr. Epstein has done nothing to breach the NPA and that the allegations that he has breached the 
NPA are either factually or legally effeneensincorrect. Mr. Epstein's overriding commitment 
intent is to complete his jail sentence, fulfill his other obligations under the NPA, and reach final 
settlements of pending section 2255 cases with plaintiffs who are agreeable to such settlements. 
There have been no past breaches of the NPA. There have been no "willful" breaches of the 
NPA. There has been no pattern of breaches of the NPA. 
EFTA00731113
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 17, 2009 
Page 2 
As an initial matter, it is important to consider your recent allegations in context. Mr. 
Epstein has satisfied, and continues to satisfy, his obligations pursuant to the NPA. Mr. Epstein 
pleaded guilty to a registerable state offense. He has already registered as a sex offender, and 
has served over 11 months of his sentence in county jail. While such a plea and punishment 
were not otherwise sought by the State Attorney, Mr. Epstein agreed to the plea, the sentence, 
and the obligation to register as a sex offender as a direct result of obligations he agreed to 
undertake pursuant to the NPA. Furthermore, Mr. Epstein has already  paid over $300,000 in 
civil settlements and fees for the attorney representative, and has agreed to submit issues 
regarding further fees to a Special Master pursuant to a proposal agreed to by the attorney 
representative himself. The claimants whose matters have already been settled were identified 
by you as victims and, in one case, Mr. Epstein paid a settlement to an individual he had no 
recollection of ever meeting, nor was given the opportunity to challenge —solely because she 
appeared on your July 2008 list,_and had agreed to a settlement in conformity with ¶ S of the 
NPA..
We nevi-are prepared to  address each of the allegations contained in your June 15 letter. 
First, your allegation that Mr. Epstein did not use his "best efforts" to enter his guilty plea and to 
be sentenced is without merit. June 15, 2009 Letter at 2. The date of entry of the state plea was 
deferred with the express consent of United States Attorney Acosta, who recognized and 
encouraged the intenanee-onportunity efin allowing Mr. Epstein to pursue an independent 
assessment of this matter by the Justice Department. The subsequent nine-month "delay" was a 
direct result of the Justice Department's determination that it was appropriate to convene an 
intense and time-consuming review of the-eharge-deeisienthis sui generis set of facts. Thus, the 
delay was not dictated at all by Mr. Epstein, but instead by the review process agreed to and even 
if you recall , initiated by Mr. Acosta. 
Whenr  eOn June 23, 2008, the Justice Department concluded its final review, Mr. Epstein 
promptly entered his plea (on June 30, 2008) and immediately began serving his sentence. As 
the following timeline of events leading up to Mr. Epstein's entry of plea makes clear, the facts 
are in contradiction  eennadietwith your assertion that Mr. Epstein willfully breached the NPA 
by delaying his sentence, and compellingly demonstrate that Mr. Epstein's participation in high-
level Department of Justice reviews ef-yeer-eharge-deeisieri-cannot factually or legally ground a 
reasonable-claim that he "willfully" breached the NPA: 
• 
The NPA, signed on September 24, 2007, provides that Mr. Epstein "begin serving his 
sentence not later than January 4, 2008." See NPA ¶ 11. 
• 
On November 28, 2007, Mr. Epstein's defense counsel contacted Assistant Attorney 
General Alice Fisher to request a review of certain provisions of the NPA. We informed 
the USAO of this request the very next day in a letter to Mr. Acosta. See November 29, 
2007 Letter from J. Lefkowitz to U.S. Attorney Acosta, p. 4. 
EFTA00731114
--- PAGE 3 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 17, 2009 
Page 3 
• 
In a December 4, 2007 letter, Mr. Acosta stated that he supported the defense's appeal to 
Washington. See December 4, 2007 letter from U.S. Attorney Acosta to K. Starr with a 
copy to AAG Alice Fisher at p. 5 ("I do not mind this Office's decision being appealed to 
Washington, and have previously directed our prosecutors to delay filings in this case to 
provide defense counsel with the option of appealing our decision."). 
• 
On December 11, 2007, pursuant to Mr. Acosta's request, the defense team sent him 
submissions detailing the defense's concerns related to the NPA. See December II, 2007 
Letter from K. Starr to U.S. Attorney Acosta. 
• 
On December 14, 2007, Mr. Acosta met with members of the defense team to discuss the 
serious issues raised about the NPA. 
• 
In a December 19, 2007 letter, Mr. Acosta again stated that "the issues raised are 
important and must be fully vetted irrespective of timeliness concerns." See December 
19, 2007 Letter from U.S. Attorney Acosta to Attorney Lilly Ann Sanchez at pg 3. He 
also stated that he had spoken with AAG Fisher to ask that she review this matter and to 
expedite the process. Id. 
• 
In the beginning of January, 2008, Mr. Acosta and I discussed the need for further 
consideration of the issues raised by the defense. He postponed the plea and sentencing 
until the Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section (CEOS) was finished with its review 
of the case. 
• 
In a February 29, 2008 email I sent to Mr. Acosta, I confirmed that that "there were 
significant irregularities with the deferred prosecution agreement" and that he would ask 
CEOS to evaluate the matter. I also confirmed Mr. Acosta's agreement to postpone the 
state plea deadline until after the matter was reviewed. On that same day, First Assistant 
U.S. Attorney Sloman responded in writing as follows: "Please be assured that it has not, 
and never has been, this Office's intent to interfere or restrict the `review process' for 
either Mr. Epstein or CEOS. I leave it to you and CEOS to figure out how best to 
proceed and will await the results of that process." See February 29, 2008 Emails to U.S. 
Attorney Acosta and from Assistant U.S. Attorney Sloman. 
• 
Given that CEOS determined that it would not review many of the defense's objections 
and that its review would be limited on the rest of the objections, CEOS's decision, 
rendered on May 15, 2008, left open the need for a more thorough review of critical 
issues by others at the Justice Department. 
• 
In a May 28, 2008 email from Mr. Sloman to Mr. Lefkowitz, Mr. Sloman further 
postponed the deadline to plead until the Deputy Attorney General's Office (DAG) 
EFTA00731115
--- PAGE 4 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 17, 2009 
Page 4 
completed its review. See May 28, 2008 Email from Assistant U.S. Attorney Sloman to 
J. Lefkowitz. 
• 
A final letter of determination was not issued by the Department of Justice until June 23, 
2008. 
• 
Just one week after that date, Mr. Epstein promptly entered his plea and  immediately 
began serving his state sentence on June 30, 2008. 
While you claim a breach because Mr. Epstein and the defense team did not provide you 
with the state plea documents until the last business day before the plea, neither Mr. Epstein nor 
his counsel bear any responsibility for the delay. It was the responsibility of the State Attorney's 
Office to provide the defense with the plea agreement. Defense counsel did not receive the plea 
agreement from the State until 10:00 A.M. on June 27, 2008 (the Friday before the plea). See 
June 27, 2008 Email from State Attorney Lanna Belohlavek to J. Goldberger. Once the plea 
agreement was reviewed by Mr. Epstein's defense team, Mr. Goldberger sent it to you that same 
afternoon. At 5:55 P.M. on June 27, 2008, following your receipt of the agreement sent to you 
by Mr. Goldberger, Messrs. Black and Goldberger received a responsive letter from you alleging 
that the plea agreement violated the NPA. See June 27, 2008 Email from Assistant U.S. 
Attorney Villafana to R. Black and J. Goldberger attaching Notice of Non-Compliance. 
Second, you allege that language contained in the first draft of the plea agreement 
proposed by the State violated the NPA, because it called for community control in lieu of jail. 
June 15, 2009 Letter at 2. You now suggest that this "error" evidences Mr. Epstein's alleged 
efforts to undermine the NPA. I respectfully submit that you are mistaken in both cases. First, 
the language in the first draft of the plea agreement was prepared exclusively by the State and 
not seen by the defense until the very day that it was sent to you. Neither Mr. Epstein nor his 
counsel bear any responsibility for the State's " pseudo-error," and that "pseudo-error" cannot 
reasonably be attributed to Mr. Epstein or his defense team. 
Moreover, as Mr. Goldberger confirmed to you in a telephone conversation on the same 
day that he received your June 27 letter, the plea agreement, as originally drafted by the State, 
would have called-ferresulted in  the same 12-month and 6-month consecutive jail sentences, 
followed by one year of community control, as was required by the NPA and ultimately imposed 
on Mr. Epstein. Although defense counsel asked the State to change the language of the plea 
agreement to satisfy alleviate 
your concerns, the same  exact sentence and period of 
incarceration as required by the NPA would have been imposed on Mr. Epstein had the language 
of the State's first draft been allowed to apply. See June 28, 2008 Email from Assistant U.S. 
Attorney Villafana to J. Goldberger (confirming a telephone conversation between the parties on 
June 27 that the state plea agreement was in compliance with the NPA and indicating a request 
by Assistant U.S. Attorney Villafana to modify the language in the state plea agreement); see 
EFTA00731116
--- PAGE 5 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 17, 2009 
Page 5 
also the initial version and the signed version of the state plea agreements. 
The bottom line here is that while Florida counsel for Mr. Epstein fully believed that the 
initial language in the State's draft would result in a sentence identical to the mandates of the 
NPA, changes were made in accord with your requests,
eenfeifteity-with-the-NPA-in-ferm-as-weli-as-substenee, The USAO suffered no prejudice nor did 
the administration of federal criminal justice: lawyers often make linguistic alterations of form; 
we did so here to satisfy your request and the modification was made in short order, namely, 
during the Friday and Saturday before Mr. Epstein's state plea; the plea and plea agreement 
completely complied with the NPA as did Mr. Epstein's sentence; and there was neither a 
breach, nor harm. Moreover, all communications were through counsel. Mr. Epstein was not a 
party to these communications and in no way can be considered, factually or legally, to have 
committed a "willful" breach of the NPA in this regard. 
Third, you state that defense "counsel obstructed [your] ability to abide by [your] 
obligations to notify the victims of the outcome of the federal investigation." June 15, 2009 
Letter at 2. That allegation misconstrues the intentions and conduct of the defense team and, 
importantly cannot seriously allege any "obstruction" or even related conduct by Mr. Epstein 
himself, as would be required to sanction him for a "willful" breach of the NPA. In October 
2007, a full nine months before Mr. Epstein was sentenced, we raised the issue of the victim 
notification letter.  While Mr. Epstein's counsel objected to your method and procedure for 
notifying the alleged victims and challenged whether you were in fact obligated to notify these 
individuals pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 3771, those objections were made in a timely and appropriate 
manner. On October 10, 2007, I stated in a letter to Mr. Acosta that the defense team did not 
believe "it was the government's place to be co-counsel to the identified individuals," and 
reasonably proposed that the alleged victims be contacted by the selected attorney representative. 
See October 10, 2007 Letter from J. Lefkowitz to U.S. Attorney Acosta at pgs 4-5. 
Then, on November 28, 2007, you sent defense counsel a proposed victim notification 
letter indicating that the alleged victims had a federal right to be notified of the resolution of this 
matter pursuant to the Crime Victims' Rights under § 3771. See November 29, 2007 Draft 
Victim Notification Letter from Assistant U.S. Attorney Villafana. We promptly objected to the 
draft letter, and our dialogue regarding notification issues continued. You did not finalize the 
notification letter for several months. 
The key point here is that our objections to the letter were made in good faith and were 
well-founded. After all, on December 6, 2007, Mr. Acosta agreed to , many of our objections 
and adopted several of the-our modifications we-suggested-to resolve problems raised by the 
draft notification letter. 
See December 6, 2007 Letter from U.S. Attorney Acosta to J. 
Lefkowitz. Thine fact that-MfrAsesta-eventually-adepted-eeetain-ef-the-suggested-ntedifteatiens 
in-tespeese-te-euF-ebjeetiens-confirms both the good-faith nature of our objections and that 
EFTA00731117
--- PAGE 6 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 17, 2009 
Page 6 
neither Mr. Epstein nor his counsel violated the NPA by raising those objections in the first 
place. 
Fourth, Mr. Epstein did not, as alleged in your letter of June 15 at pg 2, refuse "to fulfill 
promptly Mr. Epstein's obligation to secure the services of an attorney representative for the 
victims." It was the United States' obligation to select a suitable attorney representative, subject 
to the good-faith approval of Mr. Epstein's counsel. See NPA ¶ 7. Mr. Epstein's counsel raised 
withdrew—his—name. 
Indeed, due to the—a concern we had raised, your office specifically 
modified the procedure te-seleetthat was to select  an attorney representative and delegated that 
task to Judge Davis. 
See Addendum to NPA ¶ 7A. 
Again, the fact that your office 
accommodated our concerns validates their legitimacy and undermines any claim that the NPA 
was breached by raising those concerns with you. To the contrary, Mr. Epstein executed the 
Addendum to resolve outstanding and, in relation to a Non-Prosecution or Deferred Prosecution 
Agreement, highly unorthodox issues at the intersection of civil and criminal law. A letter to 
Judge Davis (authored by then FAUSA Sloman) dated October 25, 2007 followed. 
Once Mr. Podhursts' firm  was selected by Judge Davis, Mr. Epstein did not object to the 
selection_ 
but instead made every 
effort to retain Mr. Podhurst as soon as possible. 
Moreover, as you, yourself , have 
acknowledged to the court, the open issues involving the unique, challenging and unprecedented 
implementation of the § 2255 portions of the NPA were not finally resolved until early 
September of 2008. See December 22, 2008 Villafana Supplemental Declaration at pg 3, ¶ 9. 
Only five days later, on September 8, 2008, I sent a letter to Robert Josefsberg advising him that 
Mr. Epstein would pay his fees pursuant to the NPA for his role as an attorney representative. 
See September 8, 2008 Letter from J. Lefkowitz to R. Josefsberg. Furthermore, in an effort to 
comply with the obligations under the NPA, Mr. Epstein already has paid Mr. Podhurst over 
$160,000 in legal fees, despite significant concerns over the scope of the work for which he is 
billing Mr. Epstein, and has agreed with fhe-eftemer representefivelsMr. Josepefburg's  proposal 
that a Special Master be empowered to resolve any issues that Mr-
-Jesefsber-ghe and Mr. 
Epstein's civil counsel cannot resolve. See June 15, 2009 Letter from Robert Critton to Kathy 
Ezell. 
There is nothing about the exchanges between counsel and the USAO regarding the 
unusual-isseesattorney representative -that have-s arisen in this case that even begins to approach 
a "willful" breach by Mr. Epstein. 
Fifth, you go on to suggest in-a-feether-aftempt-te-elemenstfate-that Mr. Epstein willfully 
breached the NPA, yeu-allege-thatby the actions of Mr. Tein and Mr. Goldberger  who failed to 
approved of—ethe victim notification letter that contained incorrect information .eereeivking
infematieri-thatailfr Epsteicr-and-I-eentendeel-is-ineerveet, See June 15 letter at 2. Thate incorrect 
information eenteineel-in the letter was a proposed unilateral modification to the NPA which was 
never approved by Mr. Epstein nor any member of the defense team. It  In fact, the defense team 
EFTA00731118
--- PAGE 7 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 17, 2009 
Page 7 
was-neyes-affer-ded-a-reasenable-eppestenity-te-seMeiwand-preMdmeemments-en-the-netirmatien 
Villfana. As you indicated in your July 10, 2008 reply to Mr. Goldberger, you commenced 
sending out the victim neti fcatien lettem o.. a rou:ng bacia without even addressing the
fthe 
letter. Scc July 10, 2008 Letter from Assistant U.S. Attorney Villafana to J. Goldberger. 
The-prepesed-medifisatien-mistakenly-inelnded-in-the-Wetint-netifieatien-lettemwas-neyes 
a part of the NPA and  was only suggested by your office in a letter from Mr. Acosta on 
December 19, 2007. We never agreed to that the language. In fact, I personally raised several 
objections to the suggested modification in my letter to Mr. Acosta, dated December 21, 2007. 
See December 21, 2007 Letter from J. Lefkowitz to U.S. Attorney Acosta. 1, personally  first 
became aware  of the error ef-the-efrOf on Wednesday, August 13, 2008 and discussed the matter 
with you immediately. See August 15, 2008 Letter from Assistant U.S. Attorney Villafana to J. 
Lefkowitz (confirming that the "December modification" is not a part of the NPA). Again, that 
oversight was not a willful breach or an expression art-intentienof intent  to violate the terms of 
the Agreement, but instead represented the efforts of counsel, acting in good faith, in an attempt 
attempting to negotiate oinsure that the letter contained only previously 
agreed upon 
language.appropriatc language with your office on the content of your communication with 
indiyitluals-whewmuld-in-themens-future-be-petentiel-eivil-elaimantsi See August 13 and 15, 
2008 Letters from Assistant U.S. Attorney Villafana to J. Lefkowitz. 
Sixth, you raise the issue of a delayed withdrawal of a motion to quash. See June 15, 
2009 letter at 2-3. First, there is no motion to quash that still remains pending. The fact that the 
motion was not withdrawn for some time was  merely due to an administrative oversight that has 
new-previously  been remedied, but at no time did it prejudice the Government in any way. Nor 
did it result from some effort by myself or co-counsel to gain some tactical advantage. Second, 
no effort was made by any counsel to seek a judicial decision on the pending motion. The 
motion had no adverse effect on the Government, and the delay in its withdrawal is legally and 
factually unrelated to the type of material and willful breach that alone could warrant 
sanetionsremedies—not least of all because Mr. Epstein has suffered irreversible prejudice by 
complying with the core provisions of the NPA. Again, he has been imprisoned, he has plead 
guilty, he is registered, he has paid sums to claimants „all to comply with the NPA duties. 
Seventh, you state that additional issues arose in November regarding the issuance of 
work release to Mr. Epstein. June 15, 1009 Letter at 3. We  have previously dismissed-reviewed 
this very matter with you and other individuals in your office  in November 2008. At that time, 
Mr. Roy Black met with you, Karen Atkinson, Bob Senior, and Jeffrey Sloman in Miami to 
review the work release issue. Among other significant documents, we presented you with your 
EFTA00731119
--- PAGE 8 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 17, 2009 
Page 8 
own email in which you acknowledged the sheriff had discretion in the matter. See July 3, 2008 
Email from Assistant U.S. Attorney Villafana to Michael Gauger ("If Mr. Epstein is truly 
eligible for the [work release] program, we have no objection to him being treated like any other 
similarly situated prisoner . ."). Furthermore, Mr. Acosta previously assured me and other 
counsel that the USAO would not interfere in the ordinary implementation of discretionary 
administrative decisions by state or county officials. We are under no obligation (in the NPA or 
anywhere else) to notify you of such discretionary and ordinary state-made decisions, and the 
fact that your office confirmed that Mr. Epstein was entitled to the same discretionary 
administrative decisions as other similarly situated inmates fundamentally undermines any claim 
that Mr. Epstein breached the NPA in connection with the state and county officials' decision. In 
any event, after thoroughly reviewing and evaluating Mr. Epstein's application, the Palm Beach 
County Sheriff's Office properly exercised its discretion, in full compliance with its stated 
requirements, policies and procedures, to grant Mr. Epstein work release. In addition, after the 
Sheriff's Office received a multi-page letter from you to Captain Sleeth, which recited the very 
allegations of errors on Mr. Epstein's work release application to which you refer in your latest 
letter, after each allegation was fully reviewed, the Sheriff's office found its initial decision 
appropriate.-end-feuud-te-be-ef-little-signifieenee,
Eighth, it is both unreasonable and unjustifiable to hold Mr. Epstein responsibleaseribe 
blame to Mr. Epstein never mind declare him in breach—with regard to Judge McSorley's 
nunc pro tunc order. June 15 Letter at 3. Frankly, I am confused as to how you could do so. 
Neither Mr. Epstein ,nor defense counsel had anything to do with and certainly no -prior 
knowledge ef-r eeenything4e-cle-withr of this order. Defense counsel only learned of it after you 
told-us-about-itbrought it to our attention. 'The fact are as follows the—T-he Department of 
Corrections requires an order placing someone on community control before the Department of 
Corrections will supervise that person. Judge Pucillo, the retired judge that took Mr. Epstein's 
plea,inadvertently  neglected to enter the order placing Mr. Epstein on Community Control I. 
When Judge McSorley learned of this, she properly entered the order nunc pro tunc to the date of 
the plea. See Order of Community Control. If you will note on the 3-page court event form, see 
attached, circled at the top of page 2 is "C.C.1" (community control I). Mr. Epstein was 
properly placed on community control 1 on the day of his plea to begin only  after he completes 
his jail sentence, and the nunc pro tunc order simply ratifies the oral pronouncement made by the 
court at the time of the plea. Given that the NPA expressly provides that Mr. Epstein is to serve 
a sentence of 12 months in "community control consecutive to his two terms in county jail," 
NPA at ¶ 2(b), your assertion that the inclusion of community control "directly contradicted the 
terms of the" NPA is totally -incorrect. 
Finally, the motion to dismiss that was the topic of discussion on June 12 has been 
withdrawn. As indicated in the letter I sent you yesterday, we have adopted an internal screening 
process aimed atte eliminatirjge future concerns about anything that reasonably could be 
construed as a breach of the NPA. Mr. Epstein has directed all counsel to make certain sure that 
EFTA00731120
--- PAGE 9 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 17, 2009 
Page 9 
no filing is-ma4e-that-r-easenahly could be construed as a breach of the NPA. Furthermore, the 
new process, as we stated in my June 15 letter to you, attached hereto, will allew-yeu-te 
haveprovide you 
if you so choose  the opportunity to review any such filing before it is 
submitted to the court so that you may determine whether or not it constitutes a breach. 
That having been said, I wish to reiterate our firm belief that the NPA allowed Mr. 
Epstein the right to contest litigation whenever an express waiver of all other state, federal or 
common law claims or the right to bring contested litigation in the future was not sufficiently or 
correctly pleaded. As you know, Martin Weinberg and I spent several weeks negotiating the 
language of the NPA with you and Mr. Acosta. 
;iit was aibjeet-te 
negotiation and deliberation. Both Mr. Weinberg and I firmly believe that the motion to dismiss 
that was recently filed (and then promptly withdrawn) did not constitute a violation of the NPA. 
First, Paragraph 8 of the NPA limits those who may benefit from any waivers by Mr. 
Epstein to an "identified individual" who "elects to proceed exclusively under 18 USC 2255, and 
agrees to waive any other claim for damages, whether pursuant of state, federal, or common 
law". More is required of a plaintiff than to simply allege, as did Jane Doe 101, that she 
"exclusively seeks civil remedies pursuant to 18 USC 2255." Amended Complaint ¶ 24. Such 
an averment satisfies only the exclusivity portion of the twin conditions set forth in the NPA at ¶ 
8. The word "and" followed by the requirement of an affirmative waiver of any other claims, 
federal, state, or common law mandates an additional affirmative act by the plaintiff. No such 
waiver was filed or even pled. Jane Doe 101 did no more than restate that her complaint in civil 
action no 9:09-cv-80591-KAM was only for 2255 damages. She never affirmatively waived all 
future claims in state or federal court, as required by the NPA. Because of this threshold issue, 
Jane Doe 101 did not, through the attorney representative, satisfy the NPA ¶ 8 requirements. 
While Mr. Epstein's counsel still believe for these reasons that the motion did not conflict with 
Mr. Epstein's obligations under the NPA, the Motion was in relevant part withdrawn at Mr. 
Epstein's insistence—further demonstrating that Mr. Epstein has prioritized his desire to avoid 
contentious additional litigation with the USAO over this matter. 
-Mereeyefr the-WiaiYef-Of-lieWity-deliaea4ed-in-t-8-ef-the-NPA-apphrealy-te-kleetifieEl 
iediyieluals-whe-entered-agreemente-te-set
eppeseel-te-identicieel-iaeliyieleals-whe-eleeted-te 
litigate-enee-settlement-efferts-failed7 
Seeenelrthe NPA wao entered w:th the expectation that Epstei. would not cha l.nge
liability for "a violation of an enumerated Qection of Title 18," i.e. he would agree to a single 
effease-thie-weekl-previele-the-eleimant-with-the-thFesheld-right-te-puestte-a-siegle-eleen-fer 
damages-in-feelecal-ceui4-if-a-reasenable-settlement-eeekl-net-he-C-OFISUFFIFFkateigrSee-Deeember-47
2007-Letter--frem-Y7Sratiemey-Arees4a-letter-te-Kr Starr--at-pg-2,—But-Jafte-Dee-1.04—pleaeleel 
mehiple-eeents-ehar-giag-maltiple-aacleFlying-yielatie
tein-ef-the-eeiminal-statuteey 
EFTA00731121
--- PAGE 10 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 17, 2009 
Page 10 
predieates-fer-22-5-5-reliefrAtastr  these-pcmisiens-ef-the-Is/P-A-are-unelear-and-ambigueas—as 
IthiSriektterneritkeeste-himself repeelr reeegnieed=idieeneeding-thet-the4ter sentenees-M1-8-ef 
the-IsIPA-werefar-fmewsimplem), 
In short, our good-faith efforts to raise litigation issues  will be more carefully scrutinized 
in the future as to limit the possibility of being in-publie-filings-eannet-and-sheaWnet-be 
construed by your as-pmeiding-the-1:18240-office with the legal or factual basis to-eleim-that-yeu 
arc right, wo arc wrong, and  to somehow claimsemehme tht 
Mr. Epstein is in "willful" 
breachc
pactiealaFlif -wheaT-tipefr_notieer4ie.4irecte4_60unsel_40._abanderF4itigatieil_pe,sitiens_in 
eeder-te-aveid-eenchm-with-yeue-Offiee. Issues regarding the scope of the ¶ 8 waivers are 
unorthodox and even unprecedented. They result in part from the NPA being executed before 
you identified the individuals listed, see NPA 1 7, and, importantly, given the evolution of the 
civil litigation, before any joint statement as required by the terms of the NPA was provided to 
Mr.JosefburgAiselesure—te—eeansel—ef--the—natem—ef--m—numeresity—ef--the—elaims—the—listed
individuals-wem-alleged, Nevertheless, as we stated on June 15, we intend to provide you with 
future filings in advance so that we can discuss their interaction with the NPA before rather than 
after any filing,However barring your acceptance of that procedure , In a good faith attempt to 
avoid future conflict , we would hope to clarify some of the more ambiguous parts of the 
agreement with you as soon as possible, 
While414.-Ersteials-essunsel-sti41-belieye-fer-theseis-am21-ether-legal-reasens-set-feeth 
belew-that-the-mehenal-net-eeelliet-with-Mfr Eysteials-ebligatiens-under-the
e-Metien 
wes-in-relevent-paft-withdeewn-m-METsteinza-Maistenee—feether-demensmating-that-Mr, 
gpstein-has-pFimitized-liis-desire-te-avekheentenheernadditional-htigatien-with-the-USAG-ever 
this-matter, 
At this point, Mr. Epstein has completed over 11 months of his sentence. He has already 
registered as a sex offender and forever has had his reputation injured because of it. Mr. Epstein 
would have never pleaded guilty to a registerable offense or agreed to serve a sentence that 
included any jail time (the pre-NPA state offense carried with it mandatory PTI) were the NPA 
not in place. Thus, he has not only complied with the terms of the NPA, but provided valuable 
"consideration" to the government in exchange for the promises your Office made to him. Three 
of the alleged victims have already been compensated pursuant to the terms of the NPA, and 
there are on-going negotiations regarding the other identified individuals. Indeed, Mr. Epstein 
has  previously  offered to pay the statutory minimum under § 2255 to every woman on Mr. 
Josefsberg's list. 
The facts demonstrate that Mr. Epstein  he-has clearly not committed any breach of the 
NPA, much less a willful breach. and . And, as I have demonstrated in this letter, in several 
EFTA00731122
--- PAGE 11 ---
Ms. A. Marie Villafana, Esq. 
June 17, 2009 
Page 11 
instangesr the—issues-yeu-gemplain-aliieut-aFe-net-the-fault-ef--the-elefense-at-aIkand-cannet 
reaseriably-be-eensifned-as-a-breaeh-tincler-anr reasenable-eenstntenen-ef-the-NI;ar 
As we have reiterated and as has been proven by Mr. Epstein's own actions, Mr. Epstein 
has no intention of breaching the NPA and has never had any such intention. Although you 
claim that Mr. Epstein received the benefits of the NPA and the Government only its burdens, I 
believe the reality is to the contrary. Mr. Epstein has suffered significant and irreversible 
prejudice: he has been imprisoned in a county jail for almost a year, he has pleaded guilty to a 
state felony that required sex registration and has, in fact, registered as a sex offender, he 
accepted civil burdens in his ongoing litigation that may result in millions of dollars of future 
payments; he has settled cases that could be won, in deference to the NPA; and he is paying and 
will pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal fees for his adversaries to pursue him in court. 
The Government may have endured some delays and administrative costs in in its decision to 
verifying facts-such as that the Sheriff authorized work release program agenniling-te-state 
preeeduce-and-thai-the-state-iseneel-senain-enitern—but neither the Government nor any civil 
plaintiff has suffered any harm, any prejudice, or any disadvantage as a result of the events 
alleged "broaches" you have identified. We signed a contract -- the NPA -- with you in good 
faith, and in exchange Mr. Epstein gave consideration that cannot be returned (12 months of his 
freedom and his reputation). He is legally entitled to its benefits. He committed no "willful 
breach." As such, we believe it would constitute both a contractual and constitutional error to 
seek further remedy or to in any way withdraw from the NPA. 
We will continue to make our best efforts to communicate with you about any potential 
problems and hope, in the interest of fairness, you will do the same. 
Sincerely, 
Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C. 
Enclosures 
cc: 
Jeffrey Sloman, Esq. 
Karen Atkinson, Esq. 
EFTA00731123

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731124.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
email: 
VIA EMAIL ( 
and Federal Express 
Juan Pablo Molyneux 
J.P. Molyneux Studio 
do Jay Goldberg, Esq. 
250 Park Avenue 
Suite 2020 
New York, New York 10177 
April 15, 2010 
Re: 
Agreement for Design Services dated May 15, 2009 
by and among Juan Pablo Molyneux, J.P. 
Molyneux Studio, Ltd., L.S.J., LLC and 
Jeffrey Epstein (the "Design Services Agreement") 
Gentlemen: 
Pursuant to Section 7 of the Design Services Agreement, this letter 
constitutes notice, on behalf of Mr. Epstein and L.S.J., LLC, of your numerous 
breaches of the Design Services Agreement. 
Pursuant to Section 5 of the Design Services Agreement, it is a material term 
of that Agreement that you were to furnish and cause to be properly installed and 
completed at the Office Pavilion by April 15, 2010 all of the items listed on Exhbit B 
to the Design Services Agreement and that the Office Pavillion was to be completed 
to Mr. Epstein's reasonable satisfaction by April 15, 2010. 
EFTA00731124
--- PAGE 2 ---
Through numerous telephonic communications, letters and emails dating 
back several months, we have informed you and your attorneys of substantial and 
serious failures by you to perform your obligations under the Design Services 
Agreement Most significantly, you were required to cause the cabinetry for the 
library of the Office Pavillion to be properly installed, restained, refinished and 
completed to Mr. Epstein's reasonable satisfaction. However, you failed to do so, 
even though Mr. Epstein agreed to extend the original January 1, 2010 completion 
deadline two times in order to provide you with ample time to perform your 
obligations. As you are aware, the last extension of that completion deadline under 
the Design Services Agreement expired today, April 15, 2010. As of today's date, 
despite our many requests for you to correct the multiple problems and deficiencies 
in the cabinetry, it remains in shoddy, defective and substandard condition. 
Although this letter does not purport to provide an exhaustive list of the 
defects in the cabinetry, as we have repeatedly advised you (and indeed 
demonstrated by photographs sent to both you and your attorneys), in various 
places, the wood is blemished, pockmarked, rough, splintery and cracked. 
Decorative holes on the cabinetry are incompletely finished, unsanded and also 
splintery. Carpenters guides for those decorative holes remain evident on many 
cabinet pieces.. Your failure to correct these defects, despite our repeated demands 
for you to do so, represents a substantial breach of your obligations under the 
Design Services Agreement 
The cabinetry has not been restained and refinished as required by the 
Design Services Agreement Your self-serving claims that the color and finish of the 
cabinetry are adequate were obviously made in bad faith. As demonstrated by the 
photographs sent to you and your attorneys, the original finish with which the 
cabinetry was delivered is discolored, and unevenly and sloppily applied, creating 
an inconsistent, dirty and cheap appearance. The color of the cabinets is a light 
color totally contrary to the rendering provided by you and agreed to by Mr. 
Epstein, which shows the cabinets with a dark rich antique appearance. Though you 
have been advised of this problem for more than two years, and agreed to correct it 
as part of your obligations under the Design Services Agreement, you have done 
nothing to fix the problem in the 11 months that followed your execution of the 
Design Services Agreement To the contrary, despite Mr. Epstein's repeated 
requests for you to send dark stain samples with alternative finishes, you delayed 
sending Mr. Epstein any stain and finish samples for months. When you did send 
him those samples, you sent him only a few virtually indistinguishable light color 
stain samples with the same identical finish, knowing full well that such samples 
were not what Mr. Epstein requested and not what your agreement with Mr. Epstein 
required. 
EFTA00731125
--- PAGE 3 ---
You knew of this when you entered into the Design Services Agreement and 
concealed it from Mr. Epstein, knowing full well that it would be impossible to 
restain and refinish the cabinets as you agreed to do. Your delays, deception and 
other blatant misconduct represents not only a breach of your obligations to restain 
and refinish the cabinetry under the Design Services Agreement, but also a breach of 
your implied obligations of good faith and fair dealing under the Design Services 
Agreement 
There are numerous other defects in the quality, appearance, carpentry, 
stain and finish of the cabinets, but in sum, they are completely unacceptable, 
unsatisfactory and totally inconsistent with both your rendering and the level of 
quality and craftsmanship that should be inherent in custom built furniture invoiced 
at more than three quarters of a million dollars. 
In addition, you have failed to deliver by April 15, 2010 numerous other 
items and services required of you under Exhibit B to the Design Services 
Agreement, despite repeated demands for you to do so. You have failed to deliver 
the guest desk chair for the library that you originally rendered to Mr. Epstein. 
Contemporary lamps required to be delivered by you pursuant to Exhibit B of the 
Design Services Agreement have not been delivered. 
Mr. Epstein has also made several requests for you to perform your 
obligations with respect to the side office of the Office Pavilion and you have refused 
to do that as well. Despite your obligation under the Design Services Agreement to 
complete the Office Pavilion to Mr. Epstein's reasonable satisfaction, the side office 
remains as nothing more than four blank walls. 
In addition, although Exhibit B requires you to provide, and we have 
repeatedly requested, all back-up documentation for the costs of your Exhibit B 
items and services, which you claimed to exceed $300,000, no such back-up 
documentation has been provided. This is itself a breach of the Design Services 
Agreement 
Based on the information we have gathered since entering into the Design 
Services Agreement and the repeated instances of your deceit, concealment, delays 
and obstruction, it is now evident that you entered into the Design Services 
Agreement in bad faith and never had any intention of fully honoring your 
contractual obligations. In fact, your serious misconduct against Mr. Epstein and 
L.S.J., LLC, not only constitute multiple breaches of your obligations to perform by 
the contractually required April 15, 2010 completion deadline, as well as your 
obligations of good faith and fair dealing, but they undermine the consideration and 
indeed the very reasons for which Mr. Epstein and L.S.J., LLC entered into both the 
Design Services Agreement and the Settlement Agreement with you in the first 
place. As a result, Mr. Epstein and L.S.J., LLC intend to pursue all available remedies 
against you. 
EFTA00731126
--- PAGE 4 ---
Pursuant to Section 7 of the Design Services Agreement, notice of your 
numerous breaches of the Design Services Agreement is hereby given. You have ten 
days within which to cure these breaches, failing which L.S.J., LLC and Mr. Epstein 
will commence action to pursue all claims against you, whether under the Design 
Services Agreement or otherwise. 
This letter is without prejudice to Mr. Epstein's and L.S.J., LLC's rights and 
claims against you, Fanceli and others, whether under the Design Services 
Agreement or otherwise. Nothing provided in this letter is intended to waive any 
such rights and claims, all of which are hereby expressly reserved. 
Sincerely, 
Darren K Indyke 
EFTA00731127

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731128.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731128.pdf
----------------------------------------
SECOND DRAFT 
August _,2010 
New York State 
Board of Examiners of Sex Offenders 
Tower Place 
Albany, New York 12203-3764 
Re: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
NYSID # OS1909 
Dear 
This letter and the accompanying materials are submitted to the Board pursuant to its 
notice of August 2, 2010, concerning the risk level and designation determination to be made 
with respect to Jeffrey Epstein. Their purpose is to demonstrate to the Board that, based upon 
Mr. Epstein's history and personal characteristics, the circumstances of the offense which 
triggered the registration requirement, his acceptance of responsibility, his successful completion 
of his sentence and subsequent supervision, and the extraordinary unlikelihood of his ever again 
reoffending, the appropriate risk level designation is level 1. 
Overview 
Mr. Epstein, who is presently 58 years old, is a successful and respected investment 
advisor who also founded and heads a philanthropic organization, the C.O.U.Q. Foundation, 
which funds medical, educational, and advanced scientific research. The offense which led to the 
requirement that he register as a sex offender in Florida, which in turn triggered this state's 
reporting requirement, ended almost five years ago and involved consensual conduct with a 
young woman who, for all but a few months of the prostitution offense charged, was over the age 
of 17. Mr. Epstein pled guilty to that offense in the Circuit Court for Palm Beach County, 
Florida, and has fully and sincerely accepted responsibility for his conduct. There have been no 
subsequent incidents of criminal misconduct of any description. 
Florida has classified Mr. Epstein as its lowest level sex offender, with the lowest level of 
reporting requirement, as verified by the attorney who represented Mr. Epstein in the Florida 
pleadings: 
Under Florida's registration scheme there are two levels of registration available based on 
a risk assessment. Florida characterizes these two levels as sexual predator and sexual 
offender. The sexual predator designation is obviously the more serious classification. 
Mr. Epstein, based on the offense on which his guilty plea was entered was classified as a 
sexual offender, Florida's lowest level of sexual registration. In fact, within the sexual 
offender designation there are two-sub-levels of reporting requirements. One 
EFTA00731128
--- PAGE 2 ---
classification requires reporting to the local Sheriff's Office twice a year and one requires 
reporting four times a year. In Mr. Epstein's case, he is required to report at the lowest 
level, two times per year. Accordingly, under the Florida registration scheme, Mr. 
Epstein's registration requirements are at the lowest level for a person for whom 
registration is required. 
Letter of Jack A. Goldberger, Esq., Ex. 
. That Florida authorities did not — and do not —
believe that Mr. Epstein presented a risk of reoffense is evidenced not just by Mr. Epstein's 
lowest-level reporting designation but also by the fact that he was permitted, while serving his 
sentence in the West Palm Beach County Jail, to leave the jail on a daily basis on work release 
for most of the period of his 13-month incarceration and that during his subsequent year of 
community control supervision (a probationary-type sentence), both the court and his probation 
officer agreed to permit him to travel outside Florida for business purposes on a significant 
number of occasions. He has now completed his year of community control supervision, having 
fully complied with all the requirements and obligations imposed on him. Hitd-the-state-ef 
teisfed-te-cenform-his-c-enduet-te-the-la
whieh-he-elid—it-weuld-never-have-aliewed-hini-skieh 
disefetienttcy-pFiydeges-as-NVefk—Felettse—while—hwitr-eerated—and—tFitvel—whiie—seFvhig—kis 
eemmunity-effitfel-sentenee, 
In addition, Mr. Epstein has fec—mer-e—than—f-eur—years—wlentaci1y—paftieipated—in 
engeinom 
d therapeutic treatment with a clinical psychologist, Stephen R. Alexander, 
Psy. D., who, based upon his 25 years of experience as a forensic psychologist, his intensive 
evaluation of Mr. Epstein, and his years of therapy sessions with Mr. Epstein, attests that Mr. 
Epstein presents no threat to the community and that the risk of his reoffending is "negligible": 
Since my initial assessment of Mr. Epstein he has been extremely cooperative with all of 
the services provided to him. He has spent a great deal of time and energy focusing on his 
behavior and the attitudes, beliefs and expectations that undergird his approach to life. He 
has examined his priorities and undergone a comprehensive self-exploration on more 
than one occasion, primarily because of the vast changes that have occurred in his life 
and the upheaval these events have caused. Throughout it all Mr. Epstein has remained 
willing to focus on himself and how to turn even the most dire personal experiences into 
productive experiences to the fullest extent possible. In my opinion Mr. Epstein has been 
highly cooperative with and benefitted from the treatment provided OVer-the-last-feur 
yearn and there io no need for any additional eompulcory trcatmont. Jtelying upon my 25 
years of experience as a forensic psychologist and the plethora of data gathered by me, I 
state with confidence that Jeffrey Epstein poses no threat to himself or the community. It 
is abundantly clear that he has learned his lesson and the probability of his reoffending is 
negligible.
 NIFEfistein-dees-not-require-any-eewiptilsery-er 
have-agreed-terevide. However, let me repeat that Mr. Epstein poses no threat to either 
himself or the community, and he requires no additional 
Otreatment for his 
no-risk/low-risk status to be maintained in the future. 
EFTA00731129
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00731130
--- PAGE 4 ---
Letter of Stephen R. Alexander, Psy. D., August 11, 2010, Ex. 
(emphasis added)) 
All of these circumstances - Mr. Epstein's low-risk classification in Florida, the state 
where the offense was committed, the low-risk assessment inherent in the decisions of 
Florida authorities responsible for the protection of the community who knew him first-
hand to admit him to work release during his period of incarceration and to permit him to 
travel outside of Florida during his period of community control supervision.; his 
voluntnq patheipation in ongoing therapy with Dr. Alcxondcr, DQr. Alexander's well-
supported judgment that Mr. Epstein presents little or no risk of reoffense, the fact that 
the offense ended almost five years ago, and there has been no subsequent criminal 
misconduct of any kind, and the fact that Mr. Epstein is a mature, responsible, 
professional adult who uses neither alcohol or drugs support the conclusion that the 
supervision which accompanies a level 1 designation will more than suffice to serve the 
purposes of SORA. That conclusion is supported by the calculation of Mr. Epstein's risk 
assessment guidelines score. 
The Conduct Underlying the Offense Triggering the Florida Registration 
Requirement 
The offense which required Mr. Epstein to register as a sex offender in the state of 
Florida was a violation of Fla. Stat. §796.03, which criminalizes procuring a person under 
the age of 18 (the age of consent if Florida) for prostitution, specifically, here, one "A.D." 
The nearest New York cognate among the registerable offenses listed in N.Y. Correction 
Law §168-a is N.Y. Penal Law §230.04 (patronizing a prostitute). The information to 
which Mr. Epstein pled guilty charged that the offense occurred between August 1, 2004, 
and October 9, 2005, see Information, Ex. 
, that latter date being the day before 
A.D.'s 18th birthday. Thus, for almost all of the duration of the charged offense, A.D. 
was over the age of 17, and the wholly consensual conduct, in exchange for money which 
occurred between the two would not even have been a registerable offense in New York. 
See §168-a(2)(a)(i)(§230.04 a registerable offense only if "person patronized" is in fact 
under 17 years old). Indeed, at the time of the offense at issue, the conduct which 
occurred after A.D. turned 17 years of age would not even have been a crime under that 
statute if the conduct had taken place in New York.2 Mr. Epstein's offense ranks among 
the least serious of those which trigger the requirement of SORA registration. The single 
Florida offense which required registration involved only one woman, and there was no 
force or violence involved at any time, nor did A.D. suffer from any mental disability, 
mental incapacity, or physical helplessness. The points attributable to the Current Offense 
factors (factors 1-7) total less than 70. 
Dr. Alexander's CV is included in Ex. 
In 2007, §230.04 was amended to extend its coverage to prostitution offenses involving 
individuals of any age, not just those under the age of 17, as the statute was written when 
Mr. Epstein's offense was committed in 2004-05. Under §230.04 as written in 2004-05, 
the offense, to the extent that A.D. was in the last three months of her 16th year, would 
have been a misdemeanor had it been committed in New York. 
EFTA00731131
--- PAGE 5 ---
Criminal History.
Prior to the offense at issue, Mr. Epstein had no prior criminal history whatsoever. 
Mr. Epstein's date of birth is January 20, 1953, and he was, accordingly, more than 
twenty years of age when the offense at issue was committed. Mr. Epstein does not use 
alcohol or illegal drugs and has no history of either drug or alcohol abuse. Accordingly, 
Mr. Epstein should be scored at zero for the Criminal History factors (factors 8-11). 
Post-Offense Behavior 
On June 30, 2008, Mr. Epstein pled guilty to the offense which subjected him to the 
requirement that he register as a sex offender in Florida and has fully accepted 
responsibility for his conduct. Mr. Epstein served approximately 13 months in a West 
Palm Beach County jail (rather than in a state correctional facility). During most of his 
period of confinement, from, October 10, 2008, through July 22, 2009, the date of his 
release, Mr. Epstein participated in the jail's work release program, see Letter of Deputy 
K. Smith, Ex. 
, which permitted him to leave the jail in the morning six days a week 
for his place of employment, the Florida Science Foundation, and return in the evening. 
That he satisfactorily complied with the requirements of the program is evidenced by the 
fact that he remained in the work release program up to the time of his release from 
custody. 
After his release on July 22, 2009, Mr. Epstein was subject to a one-year period of 
community control, which required, among other conditions, that he maintain contact 
with the probation office as required, that he be confined to his residence subjeet-te 
eleetfonie-inonitefing-during the hours when he was not working or performing public 
service, that he not leave his county of residence without the consent of his probation 
officer, that he commit no further violations of the law, and that he maintain employment. 
During Mr. Epstein's period of community control from July 
, 2009, through July 21, 
2010, he was permitted by the court, with the assent of his probation officer and without 
opposition by the state's attorney, to travel (including overnight stays) to New York and 
to the Virgin Islands for business purposes on a number of occasions, thus demonstrating 
a substantial level of trust by both the court and his supervising probation officer in Mr. 
Epstein's ability to refrain from unlawful conduct of any kind and to conform his conduct 
to the terms of his community control order and to the orders authorizing his travel, 
which he did on every such occasion.3 Mr. Epstein successfully completed his term of 
community control on July, 21, 2010, see Florida Department of Corrections Termination 
of Supervision notice, Ex. 
, having at all times fully complied with all obligations 
and restrictions imposed upon him. 
Not-efdy-has-Mr. Epstein has never refused or been expelled from any treatment since 
the time of his sentencing (factor 12(2))r  he-hasr  en-the-eentcapyr  paFtieipated-siose4Q06 
in-engeing-tliefapeutie-tr-eatmem-svith Clinical Psychologist Stephen R. Alexander, Psy. 
D, as described above. Based on his professional expertise and the substantial time he 
One such travel order is attached as Ex. 
. 
EFTA00731132
--- PAGE 6 ---
has spent with Mr. Epstein-over-4he-searse-ef-FROfe-than-fear-yeara, Dr. Alexander is able 
to state unequivocally that Mr. Epstein has learned his lesson and that there is little or no 
risk that he will ever reoffend. Accordingly, Mr. Epstein should be scored at zero for the 
Post-Offense Behavior factors (factors 12-13). 
Release Environment 
Factor 14 contemplates that the risk level assessment will be made, as required under 
New York law, prior to the offender's release from incarceration. Here, as the preceding 
section shows, Mr. Epstein was released from jail more than a year ago and was subject 
to close supervision for a period of one year afterwards. During the same time, he 
continued his-ther-apeutie-treatment-sessions with Dr. Alexanderr  whiell-sontinue-te-this 
day. The score for factor 14 should, accordingly, be zero. 
Mr. Epstein maintains a vacation private residence in Manhattan, which he owns, as 
well as residences in Florida and the Virgin Islands. [how describe current 
employment?' There is nothing in either Mr. Epstein's living or employment situations 
which could even remotely be considered "inappropriate." The score on factor 15 too 
should be zero. 
Overrides 
None of the listed factors are of any relevance or applicability to Mr. Epstein's risk 
level designation. 
Conclusion 
Based on all the relevant factors, Mr. Epstein should be classified as a level 1 sex 
offender. Even should the Board  somehow  conclude that Mr. Epstein's risk assessment 
guidelines score exceeds 70, the circumstances addressed in this letter differentiate this 
case so markedly from the norm of level 2 sex offenders that the Board should 
recommend a level 1 classification, as it is empowered to do under the Sex Offender 
Guidelines. The ultimate issue is the risk that the offender will reoffend, and the 
information provided to the Board with this letter persuasively demonstrates that such a 
risk is virtually nonexistent in this case. 
EFTA00731133

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731134.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731134.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
email: 
July 11., 2010 
VIA EMAIL 
Mr. Jean Pierre Fancelli 
Fancelli Paneling 
East 64th Street 
New York, New York 10065 
Re: 
Little St. James Office Woodwork 
Dear Mr. Fancelli: 
We received your email letter on Friday, July 9, 2010. Despite your claims to 
the contrary, the installation of the woodwork remains incomplete. A punch list of 
the remaining work to be completed will be provided to you on Monday, July 12, 
2010. As I explained to you several times last week, we estimate the remaining 
work will require the services of two of your workman for a period of two days. It is 
the completion of the work that your office began . before it decided to leave in mid-
job without notifiying any personnel or staff o Mr Epstein. 
Moreover, neither the color nor the finish of the woodwork conforms to that 
for which Mr. Epstein and L.S.J., LLC originally contracted. Your statement that my 
request for a color modification was "sudden" is astonishing, particularly in light of 
the fact that Mr. Epstein has repeatedly rejected both the color and the finish of the 
woodwork for over two years now. As you yourself conceded, months ago, Mr. 
Molyneux informed you of the need to restain and refinish the woodwork and, in 
fact, your workmen had already provided color samples and began modifying one of 
the columns in the office library. Mr. Epstein requires that wettld-like-you to 
complete the restaining for all of the woodwork , and will be there to personally 
supervise the staining and finishing.in-a-similar—manne
Monday, July 12, 2010 photographs of the column, along with a more specific 
statentient--ef-the-eek3f-clfilil-fi
efl: 
We appreciate your commitment to "do whatever is reasonable and 
appropriate to satisfactorily resolve the situation." I understand that to mean that 
you realizr that the cost will be borne by either you or molyneeux. on completion of 
EFTA00731134
--- PAGE 2 ---
this task you will receive a full release from Mr Epstein. However.  As I already 
informed you and Christian last week, we believe that to restain and refinish the 
woodwork will require the services of three of your finishers for a period of two to 
three-thpee weeks. -Te-the-extent-that-any-aeklitional-payment-marbe-Fegthr-ed-to 
achieve the originally contracted color and finish, that is between you and Mr. 
Melynewfrancl-is-net-Mr-rfipsteinis-er--1
,61s-respensibility: 
Although we would prefer to resolve this with you amicably, we have no 
desire to waste any further time and effort on this matter unless we have your 
assurance that the woodwork will be corrected as I have indicated above without 
additional charge to Mr. Epstein. And will beam within the next two weeks. If this is 
agreeable we will refrain from filing our compliant. if not 
Our Virgin Islands 
attorneys have already prepared a complaint against your firm and are prepared to 
file it tues.  in the Virgin Islands. If you are not prepared to resolve this matter as I 
have indicated above, please provide us with the name and contact information of 
an attorney who will accept service of the complaint on your behalf. 
I will call you and Christian on Monday to discuss this matter further. 
Sincerely, 
Darren K. Indyke 
EFTA00731135

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731136.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731136.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Alex: 
Consistent with Mr Epstein's commitment to maintain full compliance with 
the terms of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, we write to inform you of new 
information we have just received from the Palm Beach County Sheriffs Office. As 
part of a facility reorganization and in keeping with their policy of normal step 
down processes customarily implemented by the Sheriffs Office with respect to 
inmates similarly situated to Mr. Epstein, the Sheriffs Office has informed Mr. 
Epstein of its desire to implement the next step down in the progression of Mr. 
Epstein's incarceration from work release to in-home incarceration under 24 hour a 
day, 7 day a week GPS monitoring by Sheriffs deputies. 
We believe that the continued incarceration of Mr. Epstein by the Sheriffs 
Office under this next step of the process would not violate the terms of the Non-
Prosecution Agreement. However, in an abundance of caution, we write to inform 
the United States Attorney's Office of this new information in order to make certain 
that this step would not be considered a breach of our agreement. Although you 
recently informed us that you have previously recused yourself from participation 
in Mr. Epstein's case, as you negotiated the terms of the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement, we thought it would be appropriate to inform you of these new 
developments. As we have agreed in the past , regardless of the prior positions 
taken during negotiations, the agreement should speak for itself. We believe the 
agreement allows for this Sheriff initated step , however as we have had 
misunderstandings in the past , we are pre-emptively seeking your consent 
As you and your staff consider these new developments, the following points 
will clarify why we believe that this next phase of Mr. Epstein's incarceration does 
not violate the provisions of the Non-Prosecution Agreement: 
1. 
Under the terms ( 2) of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, Mr. Epstein 
was required to "make a binding recommendation that the Court impose a thirty 
(30) month sentence to be divided as follows: 
(a) 
Epstein shall be sentenced to consecutive terms of twelve (12) months and 
six (6) months in county jail for all charges, without any opportunity for withholding 
adjudication or sentencing, and without probation or community control in lieu of 
imprisonment" 
Moreover, Mr. Epstein was obligated "to use his best efforts to convince the Judge of 
the 156 Judicial Circuit to accept Epstein's binding recommendation regarding the 
sentence to be imposed ..." Clearly, Mr. Epstein has done both. On the basis of Mr. 
Epstein's binding recommendation, "a Judge of the 15th Judicial Circuit accepted and 
executed the sentence", as required by Item 3, page 3 of 7 of the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement, and Mr. Epstein is currently serving precisely the sentence required 
under the terms of the Non-Prosecution Agreement 
EFTA00731136
--- PAGE 2 ---
Not only has Mr. Epstein been serving this sentence, but the conditions of his 
incarceration have exceeded even that which the Non-Prosecution Agreement and, 
indeed, the Judge, herself, required. The Judge did not order that Mr. Epstein serve 
his sentence in solitary confinement for the first three months of his incarceration, 
nor that he receive no hot water for the first two months„ nor that his visitation be 
limited to onl a maximun of two hours per week. or recreation be limited to an 
average of 3 hours per week. Yet those additional terms, which were within the 
exclusive purview of the Sheriffs Office, were imposed on Mr. Epstein. Mr. Epstein 
accepted those terms without complaint Certainly, the United States Attorney's 
Office made no objection to the manner in which the Sheriffs Office administered 
Mr. Epstein's sentence. 
2. 
The United States Attorneys Office has already agreed that under the 
terms of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, Mr. Epstein was eligible to participate in 
the Sheriffs alternative custody program through work release, so long as Mr. 
Epstein is treated like any other similarly situated inmate in the county system. We 
have established that Mr. Epstein qualified for and was granted work release on 
exactly the same terms applicable to similarly situated county inmates. 
3. 
Work release is granted by the Sheriffs Office as part of a program of 
alternative custody arrangements, administered, implemented and monitored 
exclusively by the Sheriffs Office, separate and apart from any sentences or 
programs administered by the Florida State Department of Corrections, including 
the sentence of community control (discussed in point 5 below). Among the phases 
of the alternative custody program administered by the Palm Beach County Sheriff 
are work release and home confinement, also known as "In-House Arrest" Both 
work release and home confinement are granted by the Sheriff's Office pursuant to 
identical eligibility requirements. Mr. Epstein has already satisfied the eligibility 
requirements for work release, and is therefore also eligible for the home 
confinement phase of county incarceration under the alternative custody program. 
Inasmuch as the United States Attorney's Office has agreed that the admission of Mr. 
Epstein to the county's alternative custody program on the same terms as similarly 
situated county inmates does not violate the terms of the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement, Mr. Epstein's participation in the next progressive step down under that 
same alternative custody program should also not be deemed a violation of the Non-
Prosecution Agreement. 
4. 
Home confinement is a normal part of the usual and customary 
progressive step down used to reintegrate inmates back into society. Presently 
approximately 200 county inmates serve their county sentences in home 
confinement. But home confinement is itself, only one step in the overall 
progression from institutional incarceration to alternative custody (including home 
confinement), to community control or probation. This is a well-established State 
regimen that has been in existence for years. You have confirmed on several 
occasions your agreement that once Mr. Epstein was convicted, sentenced and 
began serving the sentence imposed by the State of Florida, the United States 
EFTA00731137
--- PAGE 3 ---
Attorney's Office would not involve itself in the administration of Mr. Epstein's 
sentence by county and state officials. Holding Mr. Epstein in violation of the Non-
Prosecution Agreement for serving the remainder of his county incarceration in 
home confinement would clearly interfere with the County's administration of its 
customary step down process contrary to your agreement 
5. 
Home confinement in the Sheriff's alternative custody program is 
demonstrably not the same thing as community control, which is exclusively 
administered by a different aurthority, namely the Florida State Department of 
Corrections. In fact, the two are quite distinct. Home confinement in the Sheriff's 
"In-House Arrest" program is an alternative form of county incarceration 
administered exclusively by the Sheriffs Office. It requires no court order and, in 
Palm Beach, is subject to the discretion of the Sheriffs Office. Home confinement 
requires the inmate's continued presence within the confines of the four walls of the 
home, [except when the inmate travels to and from a pre-approved work location]. 
The inmate's continued presence within the confines of the home [and exact 
location while traveling to and from the pre-approved work location] is 
continuously monitored 24 hours a day, 7 days a week by Sheriffs deputies through 
the use of an ankle bracelet and a GPS monitoring system. If the inmate leaves the 
confines of the home [or departs from the designated route to and from the work 
location] without prior authorization, deputies are instantaneously alerted. They 
are authorized to immediately arrest the inmate on the spot and return the inmate 
to institutional detention without the need for any court proceedings. 
Community control on the other hand is a court ordered enhanced form of 
probation administered by the Florida Department of Corrections and monitored by 
a select group of case officers i.e. those with less than 25 cases. Community control 
is a much broader sentence than the strict in-house arrest administered by the 
Sheriff's Office. Community control is "an individualized program in which the 
freedom of the offender is restricted in the community" as well as the home. Unlike 
the Sheriffs Office's in-house arrest program, in which inmates are subject to 
constant GPS monitoring by Sheriffs deputies, an offender serving a "community 
control" sentence voluntarily reports to his case officer once a week (as opposed to 
once a month in the case of ordinary probation). Although violation of any of these 
conditions could result in the revocation of community control, the violation must 
first be discovered and reported by the case officer, and the offender must be 
located before he can be detained. Even then, revocation of community control is 
not automatic; the offender is entitled to a court hearing, and only a judge can 
impose sanctions. 
Similarly, the community control sentence that Mr. Epstein is to serve after 
completing his county sentence is clearly distinct from in-home confinement under 
the Sheriffs alternative custody program. Under the court ordered terms of Mr. 
Epstein's community control sentence, Mr. Epstein will be free from the constant 
scrutiny of 24 hour a day / 7 day a week GPS monitoring, and instead will be 
EFTA00731138
--- PAGE 4 ---
required to report to his case officer once a week. The sentencing judge has 
imposed additional conditions on his community control sentence. 
We look forward to receiving your comments and consent as soon as possible„ as 
always, thank you for you time, and we hope that this difficult period for all of us, is 
behind us, and sincerely apprecitate your time. 
EFTA00731139

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731140.pdf
----------------------------------------
.lp came to Isj„ he said he was an architect„ he lived around the counber from Epstein . he said he had 
done a Canadian estate for Paul deMarais. He said he would and could do both architectur, , decorting , 
and landscape, after hours of a story about how , the outside has to be a continuation of the inside, it 
would make no sense to have a separate landscape architect.. He said in adddtion to architecting the 
amin residence , he could do a remake of the current complex. And architect out buildings. He said he 
would have his office work on an idea for both.. With phut shopped presentation he showed a office 
compolex, a new main house , and some landscape idea.s.... Over th cause of a year ,he was paid for 
office plans... he never sent anyone to the sight however, and when Mr Epstien ent to see he finished 
prodct layed out on the sight, he realized that as drawsmn the house was unbuildinable.. there was no 
conseideration given for the permit restrictions, and after sepnding 259k for a sctructula enginens to 
submit the drawins it turned out that the house, in jps own words was unbiuildinable.. His sidekick and 
co—conspirator Doug Stine. Showed drawin g after drawing I, with absufdily incorrect dimentins.. In 
one instance he designed a spa „ however he forgpt that as drawn ,eight foot deep jacuzzi was built on 
the send floor, with no consideration that the tub would in factg hang into the cieiling.. He showd 
drawing after detailed drawing of the demaria s house and sid he and his team , had done the entire 
project... After two years of poor drawing.s , he took deposits on cabitnets to be mnakde in france.. we 
later found out that they were made in italyy.. Mr Epstein travelled nuknbersous times to Paris to see 
the progress of the work, each time to be told , there was some sort of mistake, and soon the canbinets, 
would be ready... The fraud contunied even after he was sued in californina for virally the same fraud.. 
Two years, millions of dollars. Plans , that were done, with no consideration for the lack of permitting 
opportunity.. He continually and charmingly„ ignored all the deadlines.. when confronted ,he came up 
with one story after another„ finally admitting that he was not an architect, and hired two architects , to 
come up with a design.. After being told that it was impossbible to creat a house without having been to 
the sight, he contined to argue that these archteiccts had his full confidence.. The plans. Were 
ludicrous.. unbuilkdiable„ and when confronted he adnmitteed that they had never been to the sight.. 
The fraud is esxtensive.. , this is not the first time he has done this.. The damages are two years of lost 
time.. fees were paid of over 4 million dollarsl.. punitivfe damages, ..maguire bills,., for a house that 
could not be built„ he held himself out as an architect.. we will take the depostitoins of The Demarais, 
the californmia complaintsas s 
EFTA00731140

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731141.pdf
----------------------------------------
MCreRTY 
PROJECT: 
LITTLE ST. JA745 
L1.5. 'ARGO. ISLAROS 
36,44.* FOOTING ETYP.) 
I fro 8' STOIC OCtutim 777 
4, OIL Tort TO rim 
PROPOSED 
WALL 
A.ACc'E 
7xIST. 2TARwAy 
i• ' 7 I'1 
1'I' rir• 7iaila 
P
L  
'' ' I 
L 
.11116.1 L 
I 
L I SI J 
Ir 
L. 
co 
J 
OSA hill 
IiI41.041 
J 
12.12n R 
TO r7G. Mr.) 
L J 
I 2)0 2' PIER 
TO FIG. MP.) 
GO 
ISIS/ L 
VERFr eoST R10 WALL 
035T. V/ALL TO 00.40 
ExiSTNG SLAB 
TO REH7741I  
.9056iBLE TOPPING?) 
fl
-J 
FOUNDATION PLAN 
cal c: 311Vo 
EMT. 
nto WALL DELON 
GB 
H—MDIMOCID 
'07L. 
7DOVC 
I205T WALLS TO REMAIN 
kEve81.0.0/ALL 
viT ey STONE FACE 
C407. Oto 
ROOF OVER 
GALLEY 
HEN.,
EPS-1PG PATO 
8'724' Cone. &Ai., 
v:
co 
set 
1♦ 
N 4% 0' 
HEW
IHCCC 
P.A7TEPS 
Mc 
36' 0 C 
LiLlit 
Cr 
DEMO 
+
Kw
PJGCL MLR?, 
ROOF FRAMING PLAN 
3,riG* 
+---COL[ Of 
033111)0 
DECK 
REAM 
REEL D ROOF 
OVER ROOF 
HE•A• 
COLLAR 
TIES 
0357ING 
TO 
ROAAJH 
REVISIONS 
No DESCRIPTION 
DATE 
PAUL 
FERRERAS. PE 
IM 
600 I 22 
2C.Thonn. HEAP 00801 
PHcHe (340) 714543_.
F.. 
(3.40) 777.577'. 
e.mbple.ea*W
ALLY YORA uatiOt No 059450 
1ZWJEMCY UCOME GC 32649 
FLORIDA LICCHDE Ho 50403 
%MGM *LANDS LICCI£C lIo4bIC 
ALL POORMAINDel CONI/VICO 
HEREIN IS THE PROPERTY Of PAUL 
FERRERAS 
THE CONCEPTS. IDEAS. DESC,N5 
AND DETMS AS SHOWN ON 'DE 
DOCumETS wERE CREATED . 
Le/ELOPED ARO PRESEUTE0 FOR 
LSE ON THE 5PECOC PROJECT 
AND SMALL NOT BE REUSED FOR 
ANT PURPOSE vatiOUT WILMS 
TAUTEN CONSENT OF PAUL 
Tilt OW)CR OrL7H. Or ITRIPiTICO 
WAIN COriM 
ReTteriCt 
rurret C7py 
LP7Awn BY 
J. kV0007.C.TON 
MSC: 
S 
I 
APRA 10 
CAE. 
I Or 4 
A., P4nPta 
EFTA00731141

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731142.pdf
----------------------------------------
5.-3. 
3%3" 
4'4" 
DOOR! WINDOW SCHEDULE 
21.6" 
2'4' 
3%0" 
2.4:r to .
t 
DOCK 
FRAME 
fifi 
HEAD HT. 
_ _ 
HEAD_Ht 
N._ _ 
TS 
NO. 
COOR MIMS HOMY. 
sas 
nn 
wan 
ma 
ml 
WM 
REP/ARKS 
T-0"
to 
b 
Zsl 
H 
fa, 
Z-8 
4L0' 
TYPE A 
WOOD 
PTD 
WOOD 
WOOD CASEMENT 
... 
El 
7-r 
41-0' 
TYPE A 
WOOD 
PM 
WOOD 
WOOD CASEMENT 
3*-0-
7LIT 
TYPE B 
WOOD 
PTD 
WOOD 
WOOD CASEMENT WITH RAISED PANES 
‘ 
FINISHED 
SLCI-
7LCI-
TYPE C 
WOOD 
PTD 
WOOD 
WOOD CASEMENT WITH RAISED PANELS 
_ _ 
-
M
'‘. --- 
- 
FLOOR 
(RN 
WOOD WI 
v-v 
EXTERIOR 
(in 
WOOD 
EXTERIWI 
RIOR
OR 
O 
EXTE 
v-•• , 
RAISED PANELS 
RAISED PANELS 
DOOR / WINDOW ELEVATIONS 
DOOR I WINDOW SCHEDULE 
XX SCALE: 1/4° =1'-0" 
XX SCALE: 114" =1'-0" 
21, 7 
FACE CF EXISTING 
ADJA03ITWOLL 
i
R 
'WATCH IS4114 
a say 
COSMO CRCULAR 
4— 
MR TON REMW€O 
, (Of it
SHELVT4
SKIS MOVE 
i 
WPM TAKE 
g 
FACE OEFNTEXZLINO 
WAIL 
I 
FOILING 
X 
Taal 
BASE COMET 
D 
W 
SHELHNG ABOVE 
Sown_ 
I ei 
PER FT 
41— 
\ 
— PO) WOCOPAIMG 
TO MICH MOW 
3, 0- 
1st 
A 
NEENIFGR CUT 
SHEETS ON WASHERS 
W 
i 
!? 
AHD NITERS
D 
D 
W
A 
R&M R.e.i Me= 
II 
mambo 
a
E 
:sr% p 
MOP PMEL 
:. 
A 
S
C'
----..\\111 
SOR THILE p.,
te 
A 
laai 
HUI 
int 
A 
UP 
TREADS 
r MI 
I I
 I 
al , 
UP 
IS RISERS I SI 
p-tacs
--ept.4-1-1--(peakil-n
r..-fpcso 
Mrx1-4}-tOca 
12'40' 
ORlP0.I 
1.110E 
r•r 
E7-Kr 
3.6" 
DIEM' OF NEW ONSTRVC110.1 
7l 
ROOF PLAN 
FLOOR PLAN 
.XX SCALE: 1/4" =1'-0" 
AX.XX SCALE: VC =1'-0" 
THE deJ NGH GROUP. PC 
ARCHITECTS & PLANNERS 
2200 ESTATE STAABI 
ST. THOMAS. UV! 00802 
PH. 340.774.8036 
PROPOSED 
PLANS AND 
SCHEDULES 
REVISIONS 
CRAM BY: 
700E 
CHECKED BY: 
deJCNGH 
SCALE: 
114'.1-0* 
DATE 
APRIL 13, 2010 
JOB NO: 
)0C( 
X
X.
X 
SHEET: 
EFTA00731142

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731143.pdf
----------------------------------------
J.P. 
MOLYNEUX 
STUDIO 
East 69"' Street, New York, NY 10021 Tel (212) 628-0097 Fax (212) 737-6126 E-mail 
August 5, 2009 
Dear Jeffery, 
Please find enclosed two flooring samples, the Fancelli proposal and the Meriguet proposal for your review. Both 
flooring options work beautifully with the paneling. Please have your preferred selection closely matched in both 
size of plank and finish. Please return the floor samples to my office within 10 days. 
Should you require more information, feel free to contact me. 
Regards, 
J. P. Molyneux 
Enclosures: 
I. Fancelli proposal for additional work 
2. Meriguet proposal for additional work 
3. Two floor options 
CC: Doug Schoettle 
EFTA00731143

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731144.pdf
----------------------------------------
J.P. 
MOLYNEUX 
STUDIO 
East 69"' Street, New York, NY 10021 Tel (212) 628-0097 Fax (212) 737-6126 E-mail 
August 5, 2009 
Dear Jeffery, 
Please find enclosed two flooring samples, the Fancelli proposal and the Meriguet proposal for your review. Both 
flooring options work beautifully with the paneling. Please have your preferred selection closely matched in both 
size of plank and finish. Please return the floor samples to my office within 10 days. 
Should you require more information, feel free to contact me. 
Regards, 
J. P. Molyneux 
Enclosures: 
I. Fancelli proposal for additional work 
2. Meriguet proposal for additional work 
3. Two floor options 
CC: Doug Schoettle 
EFTA00731144

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731145.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Sir, 
I've had the pleasure to meet your friend 
last week. Our discussion regarding 
your expectations and requirements convinced me that my skills fit your needs as 
personal assistant. 
During our interview, we've discussed about my passion for home design, fashion and 
"le bon gofit Francais". I'm a very well organized, structured, flexible and perfectionist 
person. My interest for table art and gastronomy will support you during your receptions 
in Paris. My relations in Art and home design would be a precious help in my day to day 
job to guaranty the best service. 
I would like to meet you during your next trip in Paris. 
Looking forward to hear from you, 
Best regards 
Bertille. 
EFTA00731145

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731146.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731146.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMARY OF MISCONDUCT ISSUES IN THE MATTER OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
The manner in which federal prosecutors have pursued the allegations against Mr. 
Epstein is highly irregular and warrants full review by the Department. While we repeatedly 
have raised our concerns regarding misconduct with the United States Attorney's Office in 
Miami (the "USAO"), not only has it has remained unwilling to address these issues, but Mr. 
Epstein's defense counsel has been instructed to limit its contact to the very prosecutors who are 
the subject of this misconduct complaint. For your review, this document summarizes the 
USAO's conduct in this case. 
Background 
1. 
In March 2005, the Palm Beach Police Department opened a criminal investigation of 
Palm Beach resident, Jeffrey E. Epstein. The press has widely reported that Mr. Epstein 
is a close friend of former President Bill Clinton. 
2. 
In July 2006, after an intensive probe, including interviews of dozens of witnesses, 
returns of numerous document subpoenas, multiple trash pulls and the execution of a 
search warrant on his residence, Mr. Epstein was indicted by a Florida Grand Jury on one 
count of felony solicitation of prostitution. 
3. 
In a publicly released letter, Palm Beach Police Chief Michael Reiter criticized the Grand 
Jury's decision and the State Attorney's handling of the case. Shortly after the Grand 
Jury's indictment, the Chief took the unprecedented step of releasing his Department's 
raw police reports of the investigation (including Detective Recarey's unedited written 
reports of witness statements and witness identification information), that were later 
proven to be highly inaccurate transcriptions of witnesses' actual statements. The Chief 
also publicly asked federal authorities to prosecute the case. 
Jeffrey 
Becomes Involved in Mr. Epstein's Case at the Earliest Stage 
4. 
In early November of 2006, Epstein's law ers had their initial contact with the newly 
assigned line federal prosecutor, 
. Although it is extremely unusual 
for a First Assistant United States Attorney to participate in such a communication, 
FAUSAM 
was present on that very first phone call. 
5. 
On November 16, 2006, despite that the fact that the investigation exclusively concerned 
illegal sexual conduct during massage sessions, AUSA 
issued irrelevant official 
document requests seeking Mr. Epstein's 2004 and 2005 personal income-tax returns, 
and later subpoenaed his medical records. See Tab 16, November 16, 2006 Letter from 
M. 
Becomes Personally Involved in a Dispute Over Another State Sex Case 
6. 
In March 2007, FAUSA 
reported to local police an attempted trespass by a 17-
is
ear-old male. Mr. 
claimed that the individual had attempted to enter Mr. 
ome without invitation to make contact with his 16-year-old daughter, but he 
sitootMel young man before the perpetrator had an opportunity to enter the house. The 
EFTA00731146
--- PAGE 2 ---
same individual had previously fled the home of another neighbor after entering that 
house uninvited, when, looking for the bedroom of their 17-year-old daughter, he 
mistakenly entered the bedroom of their 14-year-old daughter, touched her on the leg and 
startled her awake. State of Florida v. Johnathan Jeffrey Zirulnilcoff, Case No. F078646 
(June 28, 2007). 
7. 
After a thorough review by the Miami State Attorney's Office, and sex-crimes prosecutor 
Laura Adams, the investigation revealed that the defendant and both the neighbor's 17-
year-old daughter and Mr. 
daughter were previously acquainted. 
The 
defendant was charged with simple trespass in connection with his unauthorized entry 
into the neighbor's house. Id. 
8. 
FAUSA 
however, demanded that the young man be registered as a sex offender 
and objected to any sentence short of incarceration. The Assistant State Attorney in 
charge of the sex-crimes unit reported Mr. 
conduct during the proceedings as 
"outrageous." The defendant's attorney described Mr. 
as being "out of control." 
Shortly after, M1 
began publicly deriding the elected State Attorney, his office 
and the state process for prosecuting sex offenses, as "a joke." 
Unauthorized Tactics in Disregard of the United States Attorney's Manual are Used 
9. 
In June 2007, AUSA 
subpoenaed the investigating agent of Epstein's attorney, 
Roy Black, in a clear effort to invade the defense camp. The subpoena was specifically 
drafted to discover the investigator's contacts with all prospective witnesses, Mr. Epstein 
and his attorneys.' Not surprisingly, Ms. 
issued this subpoena without the 
requisite prior approval by the DOJ's Office of Enforcement Operations. See United 
States Attorneys' Manual, § 9-13.410. When confronted, she misleadingly responded 
that she had consulted with the Department of Justice and was not required to obtain 
OEO approval because her subpoena was not directed to "an office physicall
within an attorney's office." See Tab 18, December 13, 2007 Letter from M. 
at 
n.1. This answer clearly suggests that Ms. 
had intentionally misled the 
Department officials about the items that her subpoena sought.2
The subpoena sought, among other things: "All documents and information related to the nature of the 
relationship between [the investigator and/or his firm] and Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, including but not limited to . . . 
records of the dates when services were performed . .. telephone logs or records of dates of communications 
with Mr. Epstein (or with a third party on Mr. Epstein's behalf); appointment calendars/datebooks and the like 
(whether in hard copy or electronic form) for any period when work was performed on behalf of Mr. Epstein or 
when any communication was had with Mr. Epstein (or with a third party on Mr. Epstein's behalf) . See Tab 
17, June 18, 2007 Subpoena to William Riley/ Riley Kiraly, ¶ 3. 
Indeed, we are aware of two other recent instances in which 
placed serious misrepresentations before 
a court. On July 31, 2007, in the grand jury litigation arising out of this case, she filed the "Declaration of 
Joseph Recarey," attaching the state detective's affidavit in support of a search warrant for Epstein's house. See 
In Re Grand Jury Subpoenas Duces return OLY-63 and OLY-64, No. FGJ 07-103(WPB) (S.D. Fla. July 31, 
2007). At the time she filed Detective Recarey's affidavit, she knew it contained numerous material 
misrepresentations, including gross misstatements of witness statements and other evidence. Second, we 
(Continued...) 
EFTA00731147
--- PAGE 3 ---
Mr. Epstein is Required to Agree to Civil Liability In Order to Avoid a Federal Indictment 
10. 
On
 31, 2007, durin negotiations over a possible federal plea agreement, FAUSA 
and AUSA 
demanded that Mr. Epstein agree to the imposition of civil 
liability under 18 U.S.C. § 2255 as a pre-condition to deferral of federal prosecution. To 
the best of our knowledge, the inclusion of such a term in a deferred prosecution 
agreement of this kind is absolutely unprecedented.3 
Specifically, Ms. 
demanded that Mr. Epstein waive the right to contest civil liability to a list of individuals 
she said were "victims" of § 2255, whose names, however, she refused to disclose, and 
agree to pay damages of a minimum of $150,000 to each and every one of such 
undisclosed individuals, and hire an attorney to represent them if they decided to 
him. See Tab 20, July 31, 2007 Draft of Deferred Prosecution Agreement. 
II. 
FAUSA 
and AUSA 
insisted that the identities of the individuals on the 
list not be disclosed to Mr. Epstein or his counsel until after Mr. Epstein was already 
sentenced in the state case. 
(a) 
Over the next two months, Mr. 
refused to negotiate these terms. They 
ultimately became incorporated into the final deferred prosecution agreement. 
See Tab 21, September 24, 2007 Non-Prosecution Agreement, q¶ 7-11. 
(b) 
It was not until seven months later, in February 2008, that Epstein's lawyers were 
able to take their first official statement from one of the women FAUSA 
alleged were minor victims of federal offenses. 
(c) 
This statement, a deposition of 
the initial complainant in the state 
case, taken in the presence of her lawyer, proved that none of the necessary 
elements for any federal charge could be satisfied based on Ms. 
brief 
contact with Mr. Epstein. The witness also admitted lying to Mr. Epstein, 
testifying that she told him that she was an adult and wanted him to believe that 
she was an adult. See Tab 13, 
Tr. (deposition), p. 35 ("Q. So you 
told Jeff that you were 18 years old, correct? A. Yes."), 37 ("Q. You wanted Mr. 
Epstein to believe that you really were 18, right? A. Correct."). 
(d) 
Shortly after this c
m lelion, the defense was able to obtain statements from other 
women on Mr. 
so called "list of § 2255 victims" and, so far, all such 
statements also continue to demonstrate that Mr. 
repeated 
representations to the defense about the existence of federal jurisdiction were 
false. 
understand that 
was recently reprimanded at a special hearing convened by a United States District 
Judge in the West Palm Beach Division of the Southern District of Florida, for making misrepresentations 
during a prior sentencing proceeding. 
In fact, Stephanie Thacker, a former deputy to CEOS Chief Drew Oosterbaan, has stated that she knew of no 
other case like this being prosecuted by CEOS. 
EFTA00731148
--- PAGE 4 ---
12. 
In August 2007, in a clear attempt to coerce a state settlement, Ms. 
threatened 
to broaden the investigation to include a money laundering violation (18 U.S.C. § 1956), 
though all the funds expended were simply Mr. Epstein's, and a violation for operating an 
unlicensed money-transmitting business (18 U.S.C. § 1960), though M. gin never 
had such a business. See Tab 22, August 31, 2007 Letter from M. 
to 
(reciting, in a target letter to one of Epstein's employees, that the investigation concerns 
"suspected violations of federal law, including but not limited to, possible violations of 
Title 18, United States Code, Sections . . 1591, . . . 1956, 1960 . . . .") (emphasis 
added). 
13. 
On the very same day that the grand jury issued subpoenas to the records-custodian and 
it'
s of Epstein's businesses for all financial transactions from 2003 forward, Ms. 
(who we were told was not authorized to act in this regard without supervisory 
approval) promised to close the money-laundering investigation "if the sex offense case 
is resolved." See Tab 23, August 16, 2007 Letter from M. 
to G. Lefcourt ("In 
other words, if the sex offense case is resolved, the Office would close its investigation 
into other areas as well. The matter has not been, and it does not appear that it will be, 
resolved so the money laundering investigation continues, and Request Number 6 
[seeking records of every financial transaction conducted by Epstein and his six 
businesses from "January 1, 2003 to the present"] will not be withdrawn."). 
14. 
Two weeks later, when Mr. Epstein continued to oppose federal prosecution during 
negotiations and Mr. Epstein's counsel sought a meeting with the United States Attorney, 
AUSA 
then classified all of Mr. Epstein's assistants as targets (sending a target 
letter to one of them and promising the attorney of the other two that additional target 
letters would be served on them as well), dispatched FBI agents to the homes of two of 
his secretaries, and personally telephoned Mr. Epstein's largest business client to advise 
him of the nature of the investigation. See Tab 22, August 31, 2007 Letter from M. 
to A. Ross. 
FAUSA 
Forces Mr. Epstein's Lawyers to Convince the State Prosecutors To 
Impose a More Severe Sentence Than They Believe Is Appropriate 
15. 
Throughout the plea negotiations with the USAO, Mr. 
and Ms. 
continually insisted that the only way they would agree not to bring a federal indictment 
was if Epstein's lawyers, not the state prosecutors as required under the Petite Policy, 
convinced the state prosecutors to impose a more severe punishment than the state 
believed was appropriate under the circumstances. 
16. 
FAUSA 
version of the history with respect to the sentence he required Mr. 
Epstein's lawyers to seek from the State contradicts his later assertion, which is patently 
false—that "the SDFL indicated a willingness to defer to the State the length of 
incarceration" and "considered a plea to federal charges that limited Epstein's 
sentencing exposure . . . " See Tab 1, May 19, 2008 Letter from J. 
. In fact, by a 
email dated August 3, 2007, Criminal Division Chief Matthew Menchel advised the 
defense that the federal government required a minimum term of two years of 
incarceration. See Tab 40, August 3, 2007 Email from M. Menchel. Subsequently, Ms. 
EFTA00731149
--- PAGE 5 ---
emailed the defense stating that United States Attorney Acosta would accept no 
less than 18 months of incarceration, following by a one-year term of house arrest. 
Federal Prosecutors Misrepresented the Number of Alleged "Victims." 
17. 
In September 2007, in order to add additional pressure on Mr. Epstein to execute a 
deferred prosecution agreement, AUSA 
claimed that there were "40" minors on 
the government's list of purported § 2255 victims. To compound that misleading 
characterization, she continued to insist that a guardian-ad-litem be appointed to represent 
these purported "minors" in the proceedings. See Tab 24, September 19, 2007 Email 
from M. 
to J. Lefkowitz. 
18. 
When challenged as to whether there was a genuine need for a guardian, given that Ms. 
continued to refuse to disclose the names or any other information about her 
putative list of "minors," she eventually conceded that only "1 is definitely under 18 still, 
and I think there is another minor." See Tab 25, September 23, 2007 Email from M. 
to J. Lefkowitz (emphasis added). 
19. 
The next day, AUSA 
retreated from the number "40," stating that she had now 
"compiled a list of 34 confirmed minor victims with no definition of how they would be 
considered as such.. There are six others, whose names we already have, who need to be 
interviewed by the FBI to confirm whether they were 17 or 18 at the time of their activity 
with Mr. Epstein." See Tab 26, September 24, 2007 Email from M. 
to J. 
Lefkowitz (emphasis added). This statement indicated that, at least the "six others" (and, 
as it turns out, all those identified except two) had reached the age of majority, and, in 
fact, no guardian was necessary to represent their interests. 
Defense Counsel was Falsely_Advised That the Non Prosecution Agreement Would Be Kept 
Confidential. 
20. 
On September 24, Epstein and the USAO executed a Non Prosecution Agreement. 
21. 
His attorneys asked Ms. 
to "please do whatever you can to keep this from 
becu
 ninr public." See Tab 27, September 24, 2007 Email from J. Lefkowitz to M. 
22. 
Ms. 
replied that she had "forwarded your message only to Alex [Acosta], Andy 
[Lourie], and Rolando [ 
I . I don't anticipate it going any further than that." Id. 
23. 
Ms. 
stated that the agreement would be "placed in the case file, which will be 
kept confidential since it also contains identifying information about the girls." Id. 
The Prosecution Immediately Notifies Three Plaintiffs That Mr. Epstein Has Executed A 
Non Prosecution Agreement 
24. 
In direct violation of these representations, "shortly after the signing," the government 
notified "three victims" of the "general terms" of the Non Prosecution Agreement. See 
EFTA00731150
--- PAGE 6 ---
Tab 18, December 13, 2007 Letter from M. 
(admitting that the notification 
occurred "shortly after the signing"). 
AUSA
 Misleads Mr. Epstein In An Attempt To Refer Plaintiffs to Her 
Boyfriend's Close Friend 
25. 
On September 25, Ms. 
recommended a local products-liability defense 
attorney, Humberto "Bert" Ocariz, Esq., for the highly lucrative post of attorney 
representative for the government's list of as-yet-undisclosed "victims."4
(a) 
Ms. 
wrote to the defense, "I have never met Bert, but a good friend in 
our appellate section and one of the district judges in Miami are good friends 
with him and recommended him." See Tab 28, September 25, 2007 Email from 
M. 
to J. Lefkowitz (bottom email) (emphasis added). 
(b) 
Ms. 
failed to disclose that this "good friend in our appellate section" 
was her live-in boyfriend. See Tab 18, December 13, 2007 Letter from M. 
(conceding the "relationship" with "my boyfriend"). 
Beyond her clear conflict-of-interest and affirmative effort to conceal it, it is 
unimaginable that AUSA 
would have engaged in an ex-parte 
communication with a United States District Judge in the same district about the 
details of a pending grand-jury investigation without prior disclosure and 
supervisory approval. 
(d) 
Later, it became clear that Ms. 
also had at least one other ex-parte 
communication with that same United States District Judge about the
 jury's 
investigation. See Tab 29, October 5, 2007 Email from M. 
to J. 
Lefkowitz (stating that "one of the District Judges in Miami mentioned [retired 
Judge Joseph Hatchett] as a good choice" to decide any fee disputes concerning 
Epstein's paying for a lawyer to represent the unnamed women in claims against 
Epstein). 
(c) 
26. 
The next day, AUSA 
advised the defense that she was removing one of the 
alternatives to Mr. Ocariz from our consideration, on the basis that "one of his partners is 
married to an AUSA here," and explained that, because of that personal relationship, 
These actions were improper. As you know, the Department prohibits employees from using any nonpublic 
information to secure private benefits of any kind: "An employee shall not ... allow the improper use of 
nonpublic information to further his own private interest or that of another, whether through advice or 
recommendation, or by knowing unauthorized disclosure." 5 C.F.R. § 2635.703 (emphasis added). Among 
the examples of prohibited disclosure specifically illustrated by this regulation is the disclosure of nonpublic 
information to "friends" to further their financial interests, id., at Example I, and the disclosure of nonpublic 
information to a newspaper reporter, hi., at Example 5 (see allegations below regarding the leak to the New York 
Times). Furthermore, the Justice Department prohibits its employees from using their position to benefit friends 
or relatives. See 5. C.F.R. § 2635.702; see also 5. C.F.R. § 2535.502. 
EFTA00731151
--- PAGE 7 ---
"[t]here is too great a chance of an appearance of impropriety." See Tab 28, September 
26, 2007 Email from M. 
to J. Lefkowitz. 
27. 
The following day, Ms. 
relayed that, and asked us to respond to, the very first 
concern raised Mr. Ocariz, which was "how are they going to get paid" and whether 
"there is any cap or other limitation on attorney's fees that E stein] will pay in the civil 
case." See Tab 30, September 27, 2007 Email from M. 
to J. Lefkowitz. 
28. 
Ms. 
clearly contemplated that Mr. Epstein would be paying for Mr. Ocariz at 
his "hourly rate" tore present the alleged "victims" against Epstein even "if all [the] girls 
decide they want to M." Id. 
29. 
When the defense complained of Ms. 
undisclosed conflict-of-interest in 
selecting her boyfriend's friend to prosecute civil claims a ainst Mr. Epstein on behalf of 
her undisclosed list of purported "victims," Ms. 
later argued that Mr. Epstein 
had no right to complain because "the Non-Prosecution Agreement vested the Office with 
the exclusive rilittS 
the attorney representative." See Tab 18, December 13, 2007 
Letter from M. 
. Shortly after being notified, however, United States Attorney 
Acosta removed Mr. Ocariz from consideration, and requested an amendment to the Non 
Prosecution Agreement. 
30. 
In response to the many complaints about Ms. 
misconduct and violations of 
the United States Attorney's Manual, Criminal Division Chief Matthew Menchel 
characterized her as "unsupervisable." 
31. 
Contrary to the express agreement of United States Attorney Acosta that the federal 
overnment would not interfere in the administration of any state sentence, FAUSA 
continued to try to deny the right of the State to issue work release and/or gain 
time by stating that Mr. Epstein must "make a binding recommendation that the Court 
impose" a sentence of 18 months of continuous confinement in the county jail. See Tab 
21, September 24, 2007 Non Prosecution Agreement. Shortly thereafter, Mr. 
sent the FBI to meet with the state sex-crimes prosecutor in an attempt to secure her 
commitment to oppose a work release option. 
FAUSA 
Attempts to Thwart Discovery 
32. 
On October 31, Mr. 
emailed Mr. Epstein's counsel, confirming that "I understand 
that the plea and sentence will occur on or before the January 4th [2008] date." See Tab 
41, October 31, 2007 Email from J. 
to J. Lefkowitz (emphasis added). 
33. 
On November 5, despite Mr. 
having sent that email just one week before, after 
learning that the defense had begun to question women on their "list," Mr. 
wrote 
Mr. Epstein's attorneys demanding that his plea and sentencing in the State case now be 
moved up to November 2007. See Tab 2, November 5, 2007 Letter from J. 
34. 
Mr. 
further demanded in the letter that Mr. Epstein's attorneys "confirm that 
there will be no further efforts to contact any victims" until the victims are represented by 
counsel. Id. As the women were all adults, there could be no lawful justification for Mr. 
EFTA00731152
--- PAGE 8 ---
demand, other than to protect prospective plaintiffs from bein interviewed 
prior to their retaining an attorney (including, as it turned out, Mr. 
former law 
partner) to bring civil lawsuits against Epstein. 
35. 
Mr. 
also demanded that Epstein "begin his term of incarceration not later 
than January 4, 2008," id., which turned out to be just three weeks before the first civil 
lawsuit would be filed against Epstein. 
36. 
Contrary to the express agreement of United States Attorney Acosta that the federal 
government would not interfere in the administration of any state sentence, Mr. 
tried to limit gain time and or work release by stating that Mr. Epstein must "make a 
binding recommendation that the Court impose a sentence of 18 months of continuous 
confinement in the county jail." Id. (This followed Mr. 
position that the Office 
would consider a state sentence ordering probation in lieu of incarceration to be a breach 
of the deferred-prosecution agreement.) Shortly thereafter, Mr. 
sent the FBI to 
meet with the state sex-crimes prosecutor in an attempt to secure her commitment to 
oppose work release. 
37. 
Mr. 
insisted that Mr. Epstein not learn the identities of the government's list of 
alleged "victims" until after Epstein was sentenced and incarcerated. 
38. 
We have reason to believe that, around this same time, Mr. 
former law partner, 
Jeffi
.i
lerman, had met with the father of one of the prospective plaintiffs, 
.5 At the same time (and until as recent) as March of 2008), the Official 
Florida Bar website continued to identify Mr. 
as a named partner in Mr. 
Herman's firm. See Tab 31, Florida Bar Website page. 
39. 
Mr. Herman, who is the named partner in the former firm of Herman, 
& 
Mermelstein, filed five lawsuits, each asking for $50 million, against Mr. Epstein. Each 
lawsuit is entitled "Jane Doe # vs. Jeffrey Epstein," despite the fact that each of the 
plaintiffs is an adult and not entitled to plead anonymously. See Tab 32, Examples of 
Federal Complaints. 
40. 
Mr. Herman convened press conferences contemporaneously with filing three of the 
suits. In the most recent press conference, he admitted that all of the plaintiffs lied to 
Epstein about their ages. See Tab 33, Herman Public Statement. One of the supposedly 
traumatized "victims" actually pled in her complaint that she returned to Epstein's house 
"on many occasions for approximately three years." Another of these supposedly 
traumatized "victims" herself acted to introduce her friends and acquaintances to Mr. 
The Justice Department rules disqualify employees from working on matters in which their former employers 
have an interest: "an employee shall be disqualified for two years from participating in any particular matter 
in which a former employer is a party or represents a parry if he received an extraordinary payment from 
that person prior to entering Government service. The two-year period of disqualification begins to run on the 
date that the extraordinary payment is received." 5 C.F.R. § 2635.503(a) (emphasis added). 
EFTA00731153
--- PAGE 9 ---
Epstein. 
All of these plaintiffs are apparently on the above-described government 
"victim" list. 
FAUSA a
 Attempts to Encourage Civil Suits and the Hiring of the Government's 
Choice of Attorney 
41. 
On November 27, Mr. 
sent an email to Mr. Epstein's attorneys stating that "I 
intend to notify the victims by letter after COB Thursday [two days later]." See Tab 34, 
November 27, 2007 Email from J. 
to J. Lefkowitz. 
42. 
The morning of November 28, attorneys for Mr. Epstein faxed a letter to Assistant 
Attorney General Alice Fisher, requesting a meeting with her to discuss the impropriety 
of the USAO's encouraging civil lawsuits against Mr. Epstein under the guise of the 
terms of the Non Prosecution Agreement. See Tab 35, November 28, 2007 Letter from 
K. Starr to A. Fisher. 
43. 
Late in the day on November 28, Epstein's attorneys received from AUSA 
a 
copy of the USAO's proposed victim-notification letter that "Je 
asked that I 
forward." See Tab 36, November 28, 2007 Email from M. 
to J. Lefkowitz. 
(a) 
The proposed victim-notification letter cited as authority the "Justice for All Act 
of 2004" (which U.S. Attorney Acosta later agreed had no application to these 
circumstances). It referred to the addressees as minor "victims," suggested they 
make statements in state court, that they were not entitled to make, and referred 
incorrectly to Mr. Epstein as a "sexual predator." Id. 
(b) 
FAUSA 
also proposed advising recipients, in an underlined sentence that, 
"You have the absolute right to select your own attorney" to "assist you in making 
. . . a claim" for "damages from [Epstein]." But that "[i]f you do decide to use 
[two attorneys selected by the U.S. Attorney's "special master"] as your attorneys, 
Mr. Epstein will be responsible for paying attorney's fees incurred during the time 
spent trying to negotiate a settlement." Id. 
The USAO Leaks Confidential Information to the New York Times 
44. 
Perhaps most troubling of all, the USA°, 
)
-e eatedly leaked information about this 
case to the media—including to Landon 
the senior business correspondent for 
the New York Times. We have personally reviewed Mr. 
own notes, and they 
are remarkably detailed about highly confidential aspects of the prosecution's theory of 
the case and the plea negotiations. 
45. 
Mr. 
USAO initial) were referred to Assistant United States 
Attorney
AUSA 
informed Mr. 
that federal 
authorities were considering charging Mr. Epstein under 18 U.S.C. §§ 1591, 2422 and 
2423, and told the reporter that Mr. Epstein had both lured girls over the telephone and 
traveled in interstate commerce for the purpose of engaging in sex with minors. AUSA 
also divulged the terms and conditions of the USAO's negotiations with Mr. 
Epstein—including the fact that Mr. Epstein had proposed "house arrest" with extra 
EFTA00731154
--- PAGE 10 ---
at 
conditions—which Mr. 
could only have learned from FAUSA 
, AUSA 
or United States Attorney Acosta himself. 
46. 
AUSA 
then asked why Mr. Epstein should ... be treated differently than 
anyone else. Mr. 
apparently stated that he understood that there was evidence 
that the women had lied about their ages. AUSA 
replied that this was not a 
defense and that Mr. 
should not believe "the spin" of Mr. Epstein's "high-priced 
attorneys." Indeed, Ma 
told Mr. 
that the USAO was very concerned 
about a Palm Beach editorial that questioned whether Mr. Epstein would receive a rich 
man's justice. AUSA 
then stated that, in fact, Mr. Epstein "doesn't have a 
defense." 
47. 
Mr. Epstein's attorneys learned of the call and complained to the USAO. Counsel for 
Mr. Epstein then had an in-person meeting with FAUSA 
and United States 
Attorney Acosta describing these leaks to the New York Times. During Mr. 
' next 
call to the USAO, made two weeks later, AUSA 
`admonished" him (in the 
words of Mr. 
for disclosing the contents of theirprior conversation to the 
defense, and strongly "reminded" Mr. 
that AUSA 
s prior comments 
about Mr. Epstein had only been "hypothetical" in nature. That claim is sheer nonsense: 
AUSA • 
had disclosed specific details of Mr. Epstein's case, including plea 
terms proposed by the defense, as revealed based on Mr. 
own 
contemporaneous hand-written notes. 
48. 
Shortly thereafter, Mr. 
wrote to the defense that Mr. 
was given, pursuant 
to his request, non-case specific information concerning specific federal statutes." See 
Tab 37, February 27, 2008 Email from J. 
. Again, that claim was utterly false; 
Mr. 
contemporaneous hand-written notes, reviewed by Jay Lefkowitz, confirm 
that the USAO had violated settled Department policy and ethical rules by providing 
case-specific information about the Department's legal theories and plea negotiations. 
Conclusion 
We bring these difficult and delicate matters of misconduct to your attention not to 
require any disciplinary action or review by the Office of Professional Responsibility. Although 
we have been told that some of this misconduct has been self-reported (only after we raised these 
complaints in writing), we feel confident that not all the facts were adequately presented. Rather, 
we believe that they are highly relevant to your decision whether to authorize a federal 
prosecution in this case. This pattern of overzealous prosecutorial activity strongly suggests 
improper motives in targeting Jeffrey Epstein, not because of his actions (which are more 
appropriately the subject of state prosecution), but, rather, because of who he is and who he 
knows. We also bring this pervasive pattern of misconduct to your attention because we believe 
it taints any ongoing federal prosecution. The misconduct pervades the evidence in this case. 
The offers of financial inducement to witnesses, improperly encouraged by the government, 
make their potential testimony suspect. The reliance on tainted evidence gathered by the state 
will require a careful sorting out of poisonous fruits. 
EFTA00731155
--- PAGE 11 ---
Most important, however, is that the extraordinary nature of this misconduct, so unusual 
in ordinary federal prosecutions, raises the gravest of concerns about why prosecutors would go 
to such lengths in a case already being prosecuted by the State and with so little, if any, federal 
concern. Accordingly, we ask you to conduct your own investigation of these matters, because 
we believe that what we have provided you may constitute only the tip of a very deep iceberg. 
Without the power of subpoena, which we currently lack, we are unable to dig deeper. We 
strongly believe that there is far more exculpatory evidence that has not been disclosed, more 
leaks that we have not yet uncovered and more questionable behavior. This is a case that cries 
out for a deeper investigation than we are capable of conducting, before any decision to 
prosecute is permitted. 
EFTA00731156

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731157.pdf
----------------------------------------
L1 i: I of 1 
( 7` 
_multipart_xF8FF_2_Ma... 11/1/2010 
EFTA00731157

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731158.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731158.pdf
----------------------------------------
1. dock ladder has broken steps and needs 
repacement. Should not be directly 
against dock sides. 
2. Get a sample dock piling. 
3. Underwater lights 
4. Pavilion both on main dock and on 
beach. Mock up roof for beach pay. 
5. Dock platform 
6. Widen master road entry 
7. Mock up engineering wall destruction 
8. Jet ski - reverse 
9. Jet ski dock 
10. Beach massage pavilion wood broken 
11. Pool equipment 
12. Pops garden walls 
13. Nursery floor 
14. Tiki lanterns, new thatch 
15. Enlarge upper waterfall 
16. Water lilies pond 
17. Puerto rico trees 
18. Hydro seed actual roadway to info 
center 
19. Info center power. Solar. Rug furniture 
20. Kite house steps 
21. Dock boxes 
22. Library flors. Ceilings painting furniture. 
EFTA00731158
--- PAGE 2 ---
23. Planters 
24. Colorful plants - birds of paradise.etc 
25. 
EFTA00731159

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731160.pdf
----------------------------------------
Qul Tarn 
Class Action 
Personal Injury 
Wrongful Death 
Commeciat Lit'gatssn 
. 
. 
PATHTOJUST ICE .COM 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos Et Lehrman, P.L. 
VIA EMAIL AND US MAIL 
D. Critton, Jr. 
BURMAN, CRAYON, et al 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re 
Dear Mr. Critton: 
v. Jeffrey Epstein 
\pH'. I :OP 
In regard to your March 5, 
rrespondence, please understand that we will not be 
otographs of 
She was taken to Jeffrey Epstein's home in 2005 by 
She was only to she would have to give an old guy a massage. She was 
taken to 
Epstein's bedroom and left alone. Mr. Epstein appeared nude and told her to 
give him a massage. 
During the massage, Mr. Epstein touched her in a sexual manner. 
then warned
Ii.
 him not 
to do that again; despite the warning, while masturbating with one 
Mr. Epstein grabbed 
her again in a sexual manner. She abruptly ended the "massage", and he told her to get out. She 
has not sought medical or psychological treatment. Let me know if and when you would like to 
discuss this case within the next 7 days. 
Ve trul ours, 
Edwards 
BE/bsw 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
954.524.2820 office 
954.524.2822 fax 
EFTA00731160

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731161.pdf
----------------------------------------
Arnot Na N-2-&m 
Ao..t 
Amyl Att 0-2-Rem 
AS att 
Rireet Att C-J-2 
Sett 
Rura No. es-t 
Ao..t 
;brat No. 2-2-S 
AS Ao.2 
na 
%MI 
ASSIOANTSAL LOTS 
TOTAL ACREAGE 
>9.86 SCATS 
Great St. James Island 
i
r soi steOrso•CI:gr 
tai lama • Coodimm 
40. WAM IIII1b3AD 
SUITS as 
R. 100.1 In MOI 
Mete 000) 774-5310 
fAX OKO 711-0Xoti 
EFTA00731161

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731162.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731162.pdf
----------------------------------------
EPSTEIN - 5-31-09 
I JE has attempted to fulfill his obligations under the NPA, intends not to commit a 
"breach" of the NPA, yet there remains an imminent risk that any defense to the pending 
2255 claims will result in an attempt by the USAO to indict him for breach of the NPA 
thus a stay should be granted so JE is not forced to forego his rights as a civil litigant in 
order to avoid the irreparable injury of a federal criminal indictment 
A. JE has faithfully complied with his obligations under the NPA 
I. JE has waived all motions and appeals and plead guilty to State criminal 
charges and their concomitant, mandatory registration as a sex offender, 
all as required by par 1 and 5 of the NPA, none of which he would have 
agreed to absent the benefits and protections conferred by the NPA; 
2. JE was sentenced in conformity with par 2 of the NPA and has been in the 
custody of the Sheriff of Palm Beach County since June 30, 2008, serving 
a county jail sentence as required by par 2(a) of the NPA, to be followed 
by a successive period of community control as required by par 2(b) of the 
NPA; 
3. JE was required by the NPA to convinceurge that-the State to charge him 
with an additional  felony, though facts were never provided  that would 
require sex registration and, to conform with the NPA, he did so and was 
so charged 
4. JE has paid 163 ,992 $ 
 towards the fees and costs of an attorney 
representative, and has been billed an additional 223000 by  Robert 
Josefsburg, as required by par 7B of the Addendum to the NPA; 
5. JE has settled 3 cases brought by persons who were, on a secret list given 
to Espteins counsel to be disclosed only after he was already in jail. with 
neither substantion nor details,  with women  identified by the 
Government as "victims" as defined by 18 USC 2255, each for the 
statutory damage amount of $50,000 even though at least one of the three, 
Ms S.P., was unknown to JE. The settlement with S.P. ( we were told she 
did not want to file suit ) was exclusively due to JEs intention to fulfill his 
contractual obligations under par 7 and 8 of the NPA, see IB infra 
6. JE has no intention of "willfully" breaching the NPA; each filing in each 
civil case has been authored by and authorized by his counsel in a good 
faith belief that the filings do not conflict with Mr Epsteins their client':
obligations under the NPA 
7. JE had no intention or desire to ef-delayingr any restitution payment. 
Restitution payments correlate to actual injury  sustained  and are not based 
on statutory minimum lump sum payments such as those prescribed by 18 
USC 2255. JE had repeatedly, through counsel, advocated for a restitution 
trust fund to compensate any injured party. The Government rejected 
restitution in preference for the 2255 provisions of the NPA. 
EFTA00731162
--- PAGE 2 ---
B. JE fears that his defense of the civil lawsuits will cause the USAO to unilaterally 
determine that he is in breach of the NPA even if certain paragraphs of the NPA 
do not clearly preclude such defenses 
I. Par 7 of the NPA empowers the USAO to unilaterally create a list of 
individuals who the USAO claims are "victims" as defined in 18 USC 
2255 and then not to disclose the identities of the "victims" named in the 
list "after Epstein has signed this agreement and been sentenced". Epstein 
was without knowledge of who the USAO would list until after he waived 
rights that would benefit these unidentified persons. Equally problematic, 
the USAO never alleged what evidence existed in support of the claim or 
claims of these unidentified persons so that Epstein was without 
knowledge of the good faith basis for the listing of the persons and 
without knowledge as to the magnitude of the claims each would make. 
Whatever the intent of the timing of the disclose, such a procedure violates 
Due Process in that it requires Epstein to agree to significant waivers of 
his legal rights to contest jurisdiction and liability as to persons whose 
identity he was unaware until after his execution of the NPA i.e. the 
waivers in par 8 were made without knowledge of the identities of the 
potential plaintiffs and without knowledge of what allegations they would 
make, the number of allegations, and the factual support for such 
allegations. Further, the scope of the list evolved, with JE first being told 
it was no greater than 277 31then no greater than 3-1127 finally it identified 
problems weith a few more , but then after incarceration , reappered with 
additional names.-3-1-antl-then-a-324-perseit The list includes names of 
people who JE cannot recognize including one, S.P., who, through the 
attorney representative, claimed that she was a "victim" named on the list 
and JE settled the claim for $50,000. The list further includes at least one 
person, V.R (Jane Doe 102) who the USAO agreed was-net-a-miner-at-the 
time-of-her-semast-with-aas-te-whem-any-petential-2.2-5-54awsuit-was 
time-barred., had a time barred allegation. 
2. Par 8 of the NPA obligates JE - as to claimants who elect to both proceed 
exclusively under 2255 and to waive any other future claim for damages -
to "not contest the jurisdiction" of this Court even if there is in fact no 
basis for federal jurisdiction under 18 USC 2255. NPA, drafted by the 
USAO, obligates JE to do what he cannot do: consent to subject matter 
jurisdiction where, as to certain of the persons on the list, is no evidence of 
JEs violation of any predicate for a 2255 claim;. 
3. Par 8 of the NPA further obligates JE to waive "his right to contest 
liability and also waives his right to contest damages up to an amount as 
agreed to between the identified individual and Epstein" as to certain 
claimants. This waiver was reasonably understood by JEs counsel to be 
limited to persons who (a) exclusively sued under 2255 (b) waived all 
other future claims and (c) were not seeking any damage other than the 
statutory minimum whether $50,000 (the damage amount under the statute 
as it existed at the time of the claimed occurrences) or $150,000 (the 
EFTA00731163
--- PAGE 3 ---
damage amount under the statute as it existed at the time of the lawsuits). 
The plaintiffs are contending that the damage amounts are applicable to 
multiple claims based on a single occurrence, see Jane Doe 101 v Epstein, 
or as to multiple claims based on multiple occurrences, see Jane Doe 102 v 
Epstein (CHECK). The scope of waiver is ambiguous, was never 
anticipated by either the USAO or JE to apply other than to a single 
recovery for a unitary"injury" resulting from any and all violations of the 
predicates for 2255 relief. JE must be free without fear of breach of the 
NPA to litigate these profoundly important issues. Otherwise, there is the 
risk that the NPA could be construed by the plaintiffs as constituting a 
waiver by JE of his right to contest a claim by a person on the list 
(including persons who he does not know) that there were dozens of 
occurrences, with multiple violations per occurrence and that the damage 
minimum of $50,000 or $150,000 would be multiplied many times. JE is 
concerned that contesting such an inflated claim could be construed by the 
Government, unilaterally, as a breach of their construction of the scope of 
his waivers. Due Process and public policy surely are violated by such a 
prospect. Contracts, including the NPA, should be construed in a manner 
that makes them constitutional, not unconstitutional. JE must be free, as 
he has done through his Motions to Dismiss in Jane Doe 101, to fully 
litigate the scope and unit of liability without fear of violating, in the eyes 
of the USAO, the NPA 
4. Although the Government hypothesizes JE can defend civil cases based on 
liability by means such as cross-examination, see Response at 8, they also 
reserve their right to unilaterally determine a breach with the catastrophic 
consequence of an indictment (particularly one that follows JE completion 
of his state sentence), an anomaly that appears to invite the very breach JE 
is determined to avoid 
C. The recent filing by the USAO threatens JEs ability to litigate the civil cases 
absent a stay 
I. The USAO filing construes the NPA as permitting a unilateral 
determination of a breach, followed by an indictment, with JE only being 
afforded a motion to dismiss as his remedy to an allegation of breach by 
the Government, see Response at pg 13-14 Such a construction is 
incompatible with the requirements of notice of breach contained at NPA, 
pg 2. The USAO has predicted and even outlined a framework where a 
criminal indictment is reasonably forseeable, see Response at, Pg 14 and 
at fn 5. The USAO has as much as said that any protections against 
criminal prosecution in the NPA are illusory 
2. Although stays ordinarily, but not always, follow an indictment rather than 
the fear of one, here, the USAO construction of JE obligations under the 
NPA by itself magnifies the legitimacy of JEs risks and fears and causes 
an intolerable tension between JE not risking an indictment by his exercise 
of good faith lawful civil litigation decisions that reasonably might 
EFTA00731164
--- PAGE 4 ---
conflict with what the USAO believes to be the proper construction of his 
2255 obligations. A stay is urgently requested. The court is also 
requested to predetermine that the NPA requires notice to JE pursuant to 
the provisions of page 2 prior to any indictment so that he may remedy the 
perceived breach and/or contest its validity in a judicial proceeding before 
suffering irreparable injury 
3. TO BE CONSIDERED - CHOICE OF PREFERRED REMEDY - Absent 
a court determination that notice with a pit-indictment opportunity to 
remedy the breach — or litigate its existence — JE will be unable to litigate 
the civil claims absent a stay 
EFTA00731165

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731166.pdf
----------------------------------------
Master Suite Expansion 
Preliminary Budget 
LSJ Performed Work 
June 5 , 2009 
Subcontractor performed work 
Total costs 
Phase 
Description 
Qty 
Unit 
Price 
Shipping 
Sub 
Material 
Labor 
Totals 
General Conditions 
$18,300.00 
01-514 
01-522 
01-610 
01-621 
01-624 
01-645 
01-665 
Phones 
mos 
$300.00 
$0.00 
$1,800.00 
Temporary roof protection 
tot 
$2.000.00 
$0.00 
$2,000.00 
Material Handling 
wks 
$600.00 
$0.00 
$2,400.00 
Temporary Protection 
tot 
$1.500.00 
$0.00 
$1.500.00 
Construction Cleaning 
wks 
$300.00 
$0.00 
$3.000.00 
Expendables 
mos 
$900.00 
$0.00 
$3.600.00 
Equipment Rental 
mos 
$1.000.00 
$0.00 
$4.000.00 
)nspections/Teseng 
$9.500.00 
02-000 
02-000 
02-000 
02-000 
02-000 
02-000 
02-000 
Krauss Manning - Subcontractor 
$9,500.00 
$9.500.00 
Rebar inspections 
Concrete placement inspections 
Concrete test cylinders 
Close in inspections 
Electrical inspections 
Plumbing inspections 
02-005 
Survey 
SUB Mosley 
total 
$3,500.00 
$0.00 
$3.500.00 
$3.500.00 
02-071 
Demolition 
Remove / Dispose outdoor bathing 
area 
200 
sf 
$2.00 
$400.00 
Excavate for slab & foundation 
1800 
cy 
$1.00 
$3,600.00 
Remove exterior walls 
500 
sf 
$2.00 
$1,000.00 
Remove interior walls 
Remove exisitng roof 
1928 
sf 
$2.50 
$4.820.00 
Cap existing utilities 
ea 
$50.00 
$250.00 
Remove / Dispose all exterior 
doors. windows and shutters 
ea 
$25.00 
$375.00 
Remove / Dispose existing terrace 
rails and posts 
'I 
hrs 
$15.00 
$15.00 
Remove / Dispose existing terrace 
columns 
ea 
$20.00 
$380.00 
Remove / Dispose existing elevated 
terrace beam 
300 
sf 
$5.00 
$1.500.00 
Remove dumpster debris from island -
roof debris - conduit-doors-shutters 
ea 
$800.00 
$3.200.00 
$15,540.00 
Shoring 
400.00 
01-150 
Build wall (shoring) full length of 
terrace 
800 
sf 
$8.00 
$6,400.00 
02-281 
Pest Control 
Post control 
$2.260.00 
$2.260.00 
Concrete 
$25,028.00 
03-120 
03-130 
03-173 
Foundation labor 
cy 
$150.00 
$0.00 
$7,500.00 
4000# concrete 
cyd 
$170.00 
$0.00 
$8,500.00 
Slab on Grade - Labor 
660 
sf 
$7.00 
$0.00 
$4,620.00 
4000# concrete - slab 
cyd 
$170.00 
$2.040.00 
Rear wall/retaining labor 
7.4 
cyd 
$150.00 
$1,110.00 
4000# concrete 
7.4 
cyd 
$170.00 
$1,258.00 
'Masonry 
$33,801.00 
04-220 
04-221 
CMU Labor 
1782 
ea 
$2.00 
$0.00 
CMU material 
1782 
ea 
$3.50 
$3,564.00 
$6.237.00 
EFTA00731166
--- PAGE 2 ---
04-450 
04-451 
Native Stone Veneer labor 
1600 
sft 
$15.00 
$0.00 
$24,000.00 
Native stone material 
1600 
sft 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Metals 
10,820.00 
05-050 
05-500 
05-500 
Metal Fastening 
$3.000.00 
$0.00 
$2.500.00 
$2.500.00 
Lintels - Labor 
$320.00 
$0.00 
$320.00 
Lintels - Material 
$5.500.00 
$0.00 
$5.500.00 
Wood Framing 
$105,350.00 
06-050 Roof& Porch framing - Bluestone 
$75,000.00 
$75.000.00 
06-100 
06-130 
06-200 
06-202 
Wood Railing 
110 
LF 
$75.00 
$0.00 
roof t&G planking material 
1910 
sf 
$10.00 
$0.00 
small closet & bath Ceiling install 
120 
sf 
$10.00 
$0.00 
smallcloset & bath Ceiling materials 
120 
sf 
$15.00 
$0.00 
$8.250.00 
$19,100.00 
$1.200.00 
$1.800.00 
06-400 
c ectura woo wo 
Running trim 
If 
$50.00 
$2.250.00 
Vanities 
ea 
$5.400.00 
$0.00 $16.200.00 
Roof 
$84,744.00 
07-240 
07-413 
Cornice 
236 
le 
$50.00 
$0.00 $11,800.00 
Metal Roofing • Labor 
515.00000 
07-412 Roofing & insulation -mat & labor 
$31,344.00 
07-623 Copper Flashings • Labor 
$5,900.00 
07-623 
07-900 
Copper Fleshings - Material 
Joint Sealants - material 
$17,700.00 
$3.000.00 
Doors and Windows 
$88,068.00 
08-210 
08-210 
08-211 
08-610 
08-610 
Shutters 
ea 
$2.041O0 
$0.00 
Doors exterior 
ea 
$4.083.00 
$0.00 
Int. Doors & Frames 
ea 
$2.232.00 
$0.00 
Windows - Material 
tot 
$1,200.00 
Window Shutters 
ea 
$750.00 
$0.00 
$16.328.00 
$32.664.00 
$1.200.00 
$6.696.00 
$750.00 
08-215 GlassSliding doors 
ea 
$3.500.00 
$7.000.00 
08-215 Role down shutters 
ea 
$5.000.00 
$10.000.00 
08-710 Finish Hardware - Labor 
$2.500.00 
$2.500.00 
08-710 Finish Hardware - Material 
total 
$8.500.00 
$0.00 
Reuse existing shutter hardware 
50.00 
$8.500.00 
$0.00 
08-810 Mirror Glass - 
sft 
$45.00 
$0.00 
$2,430.00 
Finishes 
$50,776.00 
09-200 
09-300 
09-300 
09-300 
09-300 
09-500 
cement coating 
400 
sft 
$2.50 
$0.00 
Wall Stone Tile - Labor 
1600 
sft 
$2.50 
$0.00 
Wall Stone Tile - Material 
1600 
sft 
$2.50 
Stone Stone tile Flooring • Labor 
1172 
sft 
$2.50 
$0.00 
Stone stone tile Flooring Material 
1172 
sft 
$2.50 
Small under AC Wood Ceilings 
tot 
$2.500.00 
Small under AC Wood Ceilings material 
$6.500.00 
$1,000.00 
4000 
$4.000.00 
$2.930.00 
$2.930.00 
$2.500.00 
$6.500.00 
09-560 
09.600 
refinish exisitng Wood Flooring 
488 
sft 
$7.00 
$3,416.00 
Granite Countertops/ tub slabs/steam 
MOM 
sft 
$100.00 
$0.00 
$7,500.00 
09-910 
09-920 
Exterior Painting 
tot 
$5.000.00 
$0.00 
$5.000.00 
$5.000.00 
Interior Painting 
tot 
$0.00 
$3.500.00 
$2.500.00 
Specialties 
Roburn medicine cabinets 
ea 
$650.00 
$1,300.00 
$15/3&00 
Glass Shower 
allow 
$4.500.00 
$0.00 
$4,500.00 
Glas steam room 
allow 
$5.600.00 
$5,600.00 
soap trays 
ea 
$317.00 
$1.268.00 
towel rods RTTB 24 
ea 
$275.00 
$1.650.00 
toilet paper holders 
ea 
$150.00 
$150.00 
rob hooks RTRH 
ea 
$95.00 
$570.00 
Toilet Accessories • Labor 
ea 
$50.00 
$0.00 
$700.00 
Steam Room Equipment 
$7.6151 
13-130 Stoamist system 30 
total 
$7.615M0 
$7.615.00 
EFTA00731167
--- PAGE 3 ---
Plumbing 
15-400 Piping, rough in 
ea 
$1,000.00 
Sign off 
Faucet sets Waterworks RTLS01 
ea 
$1.177.00 
Lays - waterworks MRCU! 
ea 
$507.00 
Shower bodyWaterworks RTSV58 
ea 
$827.00 
Shower head RTSH72 
ea 
$587.00 
Tub - Waterworks claw40 
ea 
$5.975.00 
$32,280.00 
$9.000.00 
$2,500.00 
$3.531.00 
$1.521.00 
$1.654.00 
$1.174.00 
$5.975.00 
15-450 
Tub filler Waterworks RTTU89 
ea 
$2.085.00 
Propane instant hot water heater 
ea 
$1.000.00 
Booster Water presure pump 
ea 
$1.300.00 
Presure tank for booster 
ea 
$125.00 
Toilets toto -TOWA20 
ea 
$805.00 
$2.085.00 
$1,000.00 
$1,300.00 
$125.00 
$2.415.00 
HVAC 
$42,798.00 
15-800 
Remove and relocate exisitng AC 
condensing units - 
$2.600.00 
I -air handler for the existing Master 
Bedroom. ICP witxv and high efficiency 
blower motor, cool only 
$2.805.00 
1-ICP 2 stage NC condensing unit for 
'Master Bedroom" 18seer 
$3.905.00 
$2.600.00 
$2.805.00 
$3.905.00 
1-air handler for the" Expanded 
BathfSpearea 
$2.805.00 
1-ICP 2 stage NC condensing unit for 
'Expanded BathfSpa* areal6 to18 
seer 
$5.385.00 
2-ultra violet biocide units @ $525 
and $835 
$1.360.00 
$2.805.00 
$5.385.00 
$1.360.00 
2-EAC Honeywell air cleaners@ 
$940.00 and $1053.00 
$1.993.00 
2-overflow pans. auxiliary condensate 
pumps, thermostats 
$1,470.00 
Dave Gott 1-NAC Labor 
$20.475.00 
$1.993.00 
$1.470.00 
$20.475.00 
16-000 
Electrical 
New 200 amp service from kitchen 
ea 
$1,000.00 
Overhead lights 
ea 
$200.00 
Supply outside canister lights 
ea 
$200.00 
Supply recessed lights 
ea 
$100.00 
Vanity lights 
ea 
$250.00 
switches,outlets GFIs, cable. miso. 
total 
$7.500.00 
exhaust fan 
ea 
$300.00 
Labor 
150 
hr 
$32.23 
$1,000.00 
$1,200.00 
$800.00 
$400.00 
$1,500.00 
$7.500.00 
$300.00 
$4,834.50 
$21,534.50 
Sign off Glidden 
sub 
$t500.00 
$1.500.00 
16-700 Communications 
allow 
$2.500.00 
$0.00 
$2.500.00 
Sub Total 
$592,502.50 $275,046.00 $175,938.00 $141,518.50 
Contingency. 5% 
$29,625.13 $13,752.30 
$8,796.90 
$7,075.93 
Total 
$622,121.63 $288,798.30 $184,734.90 $148,594.43 
$592,502.50 
$29,625.13 
$622,127.63 
Landscaping not included 
Furnishings not included 
General Conditions does not include costs for Supervisors, Project Managers or Project 
Assistants. 
EFTA00731168

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731169.pdf
----------------------------------------
Master Suite Budget Cover sheet 
June 5 , 2009 
Jeffrey: 
General Conditions 
Inspections/Testing 
Survey 
Demolition 
Shoring 
Pest Control 
Concrete 
Masonry 
Metals 
Wood Framing 
Architectural wood work 
Roof 
Doors and Windows 
Finishes 
Specialties 
Steam Room Equipment 
Plumbing 
HVAC 
Electrical 
Sub Total 
Contingency, 5% 
Total 
$18,300.00 
$9,500.00 
$3,500.00 
$15,540.00 Based on using rock and concrete as backfill on other projects 
$6,400.00 
$2,260.00 
$25,028.00 LJS labor only 
$33,801.00 LJS labor only 
$10,820.00 
$105,350.00 Plan shows metal patern railing - WOOD used 
$18,450.00 
$84,744.00 GENSLER Specification not included -
$88,068.00 
$50,776.00 
$15,738.00 All items self specified in back up 
$7,615.00 Self specified Steamist system 30 
$32,280.00 LSJ performed work with Subcontract sign off - fixtures self specified in back t 
GENSLER Specification not included - includes all new systems & air 
542,798.00 cleaner - Self Specification Listed in backup 
$21,534.50 LSJ performed work with Subcontract sign off self specified 
$592,502.50 
$29,625.13 
$622,127.63 
On the attached pages is a more detailed breakdown of trade items 
1. LSJ performed construction is in Brown 
2. Subcontractor performed work is in Blue 
3. Totals are in grey 
Curtis 
EFTA00731169
--- PAGE 2 ---
Master Suite Budget Cover sheet 
EFTA00731170

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731171.pdf
----------------------------------------
Master Suite Budget Cover sheet 
May 18, 2009 
Jeffrey: 
Below is the general breakdown of the Master Suite Pavilion Budget, including the interiors of the Master Bedroom, 
Dressing Room, and Master Bath, as well as the entire roof and insulation, rebuilding of all the pavilion columns and 
extending the terraces to match the existing. 
These numbers reflect using LSJ manpower as much as possible and will be refined as the plans are developed and the 
scope is clarified. Recent questions you reviewed with Silvina have been incorporated. 
The cost related to Pinto's input (paint finishes, lighting layout, decorative electrical fixtures, millwork, floor finishes and 
plumbing fixtures) are unknown at this time but I have allowed respectable numbers. 
The costs for the mechanicals and roof are dependant on the engineering plans and specifications which will be issued by 
Gensler's Mechanical engineers. I have also allowed a resonable amount for these items, but they will change when we 
update to the new plans. 
General Conditions 
$42,300.00 
Inspections/Testing 
$15,000.00 
Survey 
$3,500.00 
Demolition 
$23,070.00 
Shoring 
$10,000.00 
Pest Control 
$2,260.00 
Concrete 
$56,146.00 
Masonry 
$32,310.00 
Metals 
$11,070.00 
Wood 
$158,000.00 
Moisture / Thermal 
$115,112.00 
Doors and Windows 
$166,080.00 
Finishes 
$146,795.00 
Specialties 
$9,330.00 
Steam Room Equipment 
$19,200.00 
Plumbing 
$23,500.00 
HVAC 
$87,600.00 
Electrical 
$75,000.00 
Sub Total 
$996,273.00 
Contingency, 5% 
$49,813.65 
Total 
$1,046,086.65 
On the attached pages is a more detailed breakdown of trade items 
1. LSJ performed construction is in Brown 
2. Subcontractor performed work is in Blue 
3. Totals are in grey 
Curtis 
EFTA00731171

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731172.pdf
----------------------------------------
i --
7onc,-eta 
27.5 a 
22.J
8" 
Patio 
2722
2.5. 27.6 
PA M.12" 
/'34.2..., 
/ 
33.9/ 
34.0/
I35'3 
► 
35.7f 
137.6 
Concrete Driveway 
2222,12.3 
Won 
37.1 
a 
34.8. 32.5 
5.6 
32.7 "s\
..432.2
\ 
33.5
36.6 
34:4 
I .36.? D 
7.1. 
• 
34.2 34:6 
43.7
fi4TgrATive. 
rvb AL, ‘ki 
4. 
4..2 
47.2 
36.1 33.1
/
a 
33.7
N N N 
N N 
33.4 
. 51.6 
► 
► 
35.7 
391 
40.3 
EFTA00731172

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731173.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey, 
The following proposal is based on Gensler schematic drawings dated 2/26/09. 
A revised Budget will be issued after the Design Development Plans are submitted by the 
Architects and again after the Construction Documents are submitted, 
The attached schedule shows the critical path of information & construction in red. A new 
Schedule will be submitted with each new Budget. 
General Conditions 
$135,400.00 
Sitework 
$599,900.00 
Concrete 
$3,026,120.00 
Masonry 
$590,000.00 
Metals 
$392,410.00 
Wood 
$770,000.00 
Moisture / Thermal 
$523,930.00 
Doors and Windows 
$615,320.00 
Finishes 
$882,000.00 
Specialties 
$44,500.00 
Special Equipment 
$754,000.00 
Furnishings 
$0.00 
Special Construction 
$350,000.00 
Mechanical 
$1,100,000.00 
Electrical 
$725,000.00 
$10,508,580.00 
EFTA00731173

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731174.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO: 
MARTIN G. WEINBERG 
FROM: 
KIMBERLY HOMAN 
RE: 
DISSEMINATION OF STOLEN DOCUMENTS 
DATE: 
JUNE 2, 2010 
There are at least two potential avenues through which JE can seek to obtain return of the 
stolen book and/or a prohibition against dissemination by Rodriguez (leaving aside the 
procedural issues present at this stage of the proceedings, after the Magistrate Judge has already 
ordered Rodriguez to produce the book). 
First, courts have often enjoined the dissemination of confidential or private information 
wrongfully obtained from the employer by a (now) ex-employee during the course of his 
employment, either through a free-standing action for injunctive relief or in conjunction with a 
tort action for, among other things, breach of fiduciary duty. See, e.g., Saini v. International 
Game Technology, 434 F.Supp.2d 913, 924 (D.Nev. 2006)(court finds that company had shown 
likelihood of success in proving breach of implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing where 
former employee's "decision to distribute internal IGT documents to a party adverse to IGT in 
litigation demonstrates a deliberate attempt to violate the spirit of his confidentiality agreements 
with IGT;" injunction issued); see also In re Zyprexa Injunction, 474 F.Supp.2d 385, 419 
(E.D.N.Y. 2007)(court has power to enjoin dissemination of stolen documents obtained in 
violation of court's protective order). 
Even where the employee is not subject to a formal confidentiality agreement, "an 
employee may still be enjoined from using confidential information where he or she has obtained 
such information by wrongful means, such as theft or intentional memorization." Tactica Intern., 
Inc. v. Atlantic Horizon Intern., Inc., 154 F.Supp.2d 586, 608 (S.D.N.Y. 2001). 
Even in the absence of a contract not to disclose confidential information, an agent has a 
duty not to use or communicate information given to him in confidence in competition 
with or to the injury of the principal unless the information is a matter of general 
knowledge. The agent has a duty after the termination of the agency not to use or to 
disclose to third persons . . . in competition to the principal or to his injury, trade secrets 
or other similar confidential matters. 
Standard Brands, Inc. v. Zumpe, 264 F.Supp. 254, 262 (D.La. I 967)( internal quotation marks 
omitted). See A.N. Emery Co. v. Marcan Products Corp., 268 F.Supp. 289 (S.D.N.Y. 1967)("A 
confidential relationship exists between an employee and his employer. It survives the 
termination of his employment. It does not depend on any express contract. Disclosure of an 
employee of a trade secret entrusted to him by his employer in the course of his employment is a 
classic instance of a disclosure which constitutes a breach of confidence and which is therefore 
actionable. It is not necessary that the employee expressly agree not to disclose it"). 
EFTA00731174
--- PAGE 2 ---
"The elements of a breach of fiduciary duty claim are (1) the existence of a fiduciary 
duty; (2) the breach of that duty; and (3) damage proximately caused by that breach." Treco 
Intern. S.A. v. Kromka, 
F.Supp.2d 
2010 WL 1403851 at *3 (S.D.Fla. April 7, 
2010)(finding breach of fiduciary duty claim sufficiently pleaded where plaintiffs "alleged that 
they placed Kromka in a position of trust and confidence, that Kromka accepted that position and 
promised to act in plaintiffs' best interests, and that Kromka failed to do so"). These same 
elements are required for a breach of fiduciary duty claim under Florida law. See, e.g., Mitchell 
Co., Inc. v. Campus, 672 F.Supp.2d 1217, 1238 (S.D.Ala. 2009); Cheney v. IPD Analytics, 
L.L.C., 2009 WL 1298405 (S.D.Fla. April 16, 2009). The Mitchell Court described Florida law 
regarding the fiduciary duties owed by officers and directors of a corporation to the corporation: 
Florida law has long recognized that corporate officers and directors owe duties of 
loyalty and a duty of care to the corporation. Corporate directors and officers owe a 
fiduciary obligation to the corporation and its shareholders and must act in good faith and 
in the best interests of the corporation. 
In Florida, an officer or a director of a corporation will not be permitted to make a private 
profit from his position or while acting in that capacity, acquire an interest adverse or 
antagonistic to that of the corporation. Florida courts . . . have explained that a breach of 
fiduciary duty occurs when the fiduciary through his personal dealings interferes with the 
business of the corporation, or when the fiduciary does not act with good faith and 
fairness in his personal dealings with the corporation. Moreover, one who occupies a 
fiduciary relationship may not acquire, in opposition to the corporation, property in which 
the corporation has an interest or which is essential to its existence. 
Id. at 1238-39 (citations and internal quotation marks omitted). While that description by its 
express terms applies to officer/director fiduciaries of corporations, there is no reason that 
comparable requirements would not apply to an employee employed by an individual employer. 
I have found nothing that distinguishes corporate employers from non-corporate or individual 
employers. The key is the nature of the employment relationship and not the form of the 
employer. 
[fliduciary duties may be may be imputed by the course of conduct between the parties. . 
. . When a fiduciary relationship is implied in law, it is based on specific facts and 
circumstances surrounding the transaction and the relationship of the parties. This can 
arise when confidence is reposed by one party and a trust accepted by the other. 
In re Chira, 353 B.R. 693, 730 (S.D.Fla. 2006)(citations and internal quotation marks omitted). 
However, "evidence that one party placed trust and confidence in the other party does not create 
a fiduciary relationship in the absence of some recognition, acceptance or undertaking of the 
duties of a fiduciary on the part of the other party." Id. at 731 (internal quotation marks omitted). 
See Cheney, 2009 WL 1298405 at *4.I 
I Note that Cheney also says that "for an implied fiduciary relationship to exist there must be 
substantial evidence showing some dependency by one party and some undertaking by the other 
party to advise, counsel, and protect the weaker party." Id. at *4. 
EFTA00731175
--- PAGE 3 ---
The analysis applicable to whether Rodriguez had a fiduciary relationship with JE will, of 
course, depend on the precise nature of the relationship: was there a written confidentiality 
agreement? an oral agreement? did Rodriguez agree to accept the duties of a fiduciary with 
respect to JE? But even if no fiduciary relationship can be shown, there is still the duty of loyalty 
and good faith owed by Rodriguez to JE as his trusted employee (the more that could be shown 
re the trust and confidence either expressly demanded as part of the employment or inherent in 
the employment relationship the better). 
EFTA00731176

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731177.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO: 
MARTY WEINBERG 
FROM: 
KIM HOMAN 
RE: 
EPSTEIN/EXTRATERRITORIAL APPLICATION OF §922(g) 
DATE: 
SEPTEMBER 24, 2010 
I see no indication that 18 U.S.C. §922(g) has ever been applied extraterritorially to 
possession of a firearm by a felon in a foreign country, and there is every reason to believe that it 
would not be so applied. In Small v. United States, 544 U.S. 385 (2005), the Supreme Court 
considered the extraterritorial applicability of the "convicted in any court" language of 
§922(g)( I ) and held that foreign felony convictions do not subject defendants to prosecution 
under the felon-in-possession statute. In reaching that conclusion, the Court discussed the 
presumption that Congress ordinarily intends the statutes it enacts to have only domestic 
application: 
In determining the scope of the statutory phrase we find help in the "commonsense notion 
that Congress generally legislates with domestic concerns in mind." Smith v. United 
States, 507 U.S. 197, 204, n. 5, 113 S.Ct. 1178, 122 L.Ed.2d 548 (1993). This notion has 
led the Court to adopt the legal presumption that Congress ordinarily intends its statutes 
to have domestic, not extraterritorial, application. See Foley Bros., Inc. v. Filardo, 336 
U.S. 281, 285, 69 S.Ct. 575, 93 L.Ed. 680 (1949); see also Palmer, supra, at 631 ("The 
words `any person or persons,' are broad enough to comprehend every human being" but 
are "limited to cases within the jurisdiction of the state"); EEOC v. Arabian American Oil 
Co., 499 U.S. 244, 249-251, Ill S.Ct. 1227, 113 L.Ed.2d 274 (1991). That presumption 
would apply, for example, were we to consider whether this statute prohibits unlawful 
gun possession abroad as well as domestically. And, although the presumption against 
extraterritorial application does not apply directly to this case, we believe a similar 
assumption is appropriate when we consider the scope of the phrase "convicted in any 
court" here. 
Id. at 388-89 (emphasis added). Thus, there is a clear indication from the Supreme Court that 
§922(g) would not be applied to bar gun possession by a felon in a foreign country. 
Section 922(g) is plainly addressed to "domestic concerns," as is clear from the 
congressional findings incorporated into §922 in §922(g): 
The Congress finds and declares that--
(A) crime, particularly crime involving drugs and guns, is a pervasive, nationwide 
problem; 
(B) crime at the local level is exacerbated by the interstate movement of drugs, guns, and 
criminal gangs; 
EFTA00731177
--- PAGE 2 ---
(C) firearms and ammunition move easily in interstate commerce and have been found in 
increasing numbers in and around schools, as documented in numerous hearings in both 
the Committee on the Judiciary the House of Representatives and the Committee on the 
Judiciary of the Senate; 
(D) in fact, even before the sale of a firearm, the gun, its component parts, ammunition, 
and the raw materials from which they are made have considerably moved in interstate 
commerce; 
(E) while criminals freely move from State to State, ordinary citizens and foreign visitors 
may fear to travel to or through certain parts of the country due to concern about violent 
crime and gun violence, and parents may decline to send their children to school for the 
same 
reason; 
(F) the occurrence of violent crime in school zones has resulted in a decline in the quality 
of education in our country; 
(G) this decline in the quality of education has an adverse impact on interstate commerce 
and the foreign commerce of the United States; 
(H) States, localities, and school systems find it almost impossible to handle gun-related 
crime by themselves--even States, localities, and school systems that have made strong 
efforts to prevent, detect, and punish gun-related crime find their efforts unavailing due in 
part to the failure or inability of other States or localities to take strong measures; and 
(I) the Congress has the power, under the interstate commerce clause and other 
provisions of the Constitution, to enact measures to ensure the integrity and safety of the 
Nation's schools by enactment of this subsection. 
None of these concerns are related to overseas possession of firearms by convicted felons. 
The domestic-only application is also evident in the fact that the statute reaches only 
firearms which have traveled in interstate commerce or the foreign commerce of the United 
States. See United States v. Joost, 133 F.3d 125, 131 n.5 (1st Cir.1998)(approving the following 
instruction: "Possession of a firearm or ammunition is in or affecting commerce within the 
meaning of the statute[ ][i]f at some time after it was manufactured, and before the offense was 
committed, that firearm or ammunition was transported between states or between a state and a 
foreign country or a foreign county and state" (emphasis added); United States v. Riley, 2007 
WL 4561146 at *4 (D.ICan. December 20, 2007)0922(g) "requires proof that (1) defendant 
knowingly possessed a firearm; (2) defendant was convicted of a felony before he possessed the 
firearm; (3) and that before defendant possessed the firearm, it had moved from one state to 
another or from a foreign country to a state" (emphasis added). Firearms which have traveled 
wholly extraterritorially, i.e., which have never entered a "state", are not encompassed within the 
statute. So one easy answer to the question would be the use of a hunting weapon which was 
manufactured overseas and has never entered American foreign commerce. 
EFTA00731178
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00731179

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731180.pdf
----------------------------------------
Timcstamp: 5/25/2010 6:38 PM CDT 
FINRA ARBITRATION 
IN THE MATTER OF 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC., 
THE C.O.U.Q. FOUNDATION, INC., 
v. 
THE BEAR STEARNS COMPANIES, 
BEAR STEARNS & CO., BEAR 
STEARNS ASSET MANAGEMENT, 
AND WARREN SPECTOR 
Case No. 09-00979 
Arbitrators: 
Claimant's Response to The Bear Stearns Respondents' 
First Request for the Production of Documents and Information 
Claimants Financial Trust Company, Inc. and The C.O.U.Q. Foundation, Inc. 
(collectively referred to as "FTC") hereby respond to The Bear Steams Respondents' First 
Request for the Production of Documents and Information as follows: 
OBJECTIONS TO DEFINITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS 
I. 
FTC objects to any and all instructions or definitions which would require FTC to 
respond in a manner beyond that required by the Code of Arbitration Procedure. 
2. 
FTC objects to the instructions and requests that seek documents that are not in 
FTC's possession, custody or control. 
3. 
FTC objects to each request to the extent that it calls for any documents that were 
prepared for or in anticipation of litigation, constitute attorney work-product, contain attorney-
client communications, or are otherwise subject to a privilege. 
4. 
FTC objects to the production of documents that contain proprietary and 
confidential information belonging to third parties. FTC will not produce such documents 
without the permission of the third party. 
997243v1/011543 
EFTA00731180
--- PAGE 2 ---
5. 
FTC reserves the right to update its Responses as more information becomes 
available to it. 
6. 
FISCO objects to the Requests for Information to the extent that they seek 
information that exceeds the identification of "names, entities, and time periods related to the 
disputes" as allowed by Rule 12507 of the Code of Arbitration Procedure for Customer Disputes. 
This objection applies to each and every Request for Information. 
7. 
FTC asserts each of these general objections to each of the requests herein. FTC 
also asserts specific objections to particular requests. The failure to assert a general objection to 
a particular request does not constitute a waiver of any general objections. Subject to and 
without waiving the above general objections to all paragraphs of the requests, FTC responds to 
the individual requests as follows: 
Documents Requested 
1. 
All documents or categories of documents referenced in the Guide at Document 
Production List Two: Documents to Be Produced in All Customer Cases, and at Document 
Production Lists Eight and Ten, identifying additional discoverable documents for cases alleging 
misrepresentation/omission, and negligence/breach of fiduciary duty, respectively 
Response: 
FTC incorporates its separate response to the Discovery Guide Requests. 
2. 
All documents relied upon in drafting the Amended Statement of Claim. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request invades the work-product and attorney 
client privileges. To the extent such documents are responsive to other requests, FTC will 
produce the responsive documents. 
3. 
All documents concerning allegations in the Amended Statement of Claim. 
997243v1/011543 
EFTA00731181
--- PAGE 3 ---
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is overly broad, vague, and unduly 
burdensome. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
4. 
All documents concerning investments by Claimants in the Funds. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is overly broad, vague, and unduly 
burdensome. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
5. 
All documents concerning investments by Claimants in any Bear Stearns Fund. 
Response: FTC objects because this request is overly broad, vague, unduly burdensome, 
and not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information to the extent it seeks 
information not related to the Funds at issue. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC will 
produce responsive documents. 
6. 
All documents concerning investments by Claimants in the Funds on behalf of or 
as trustee for any third party, including without limitation The Wexner Children's Trust II. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is overly broad, vague, and unduly 
burdensome. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
7. 
All documents concerning investments by Claimants in any Bear Stearns Fund on 
behalf of or as trustee for any third party, including without limitation The Wexner Children's 
Trust II. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is overly broad, vague, unduly 
burdensome, and not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information to the extent it 
seeks information not related to the Funds at issue. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC will 
produce responsive documents. 
8. 
All documents concerning any statement by or on behalf of Respondents or any 
Fund Manager concerning the Funds, including statements concerning the Funds' management, 
operation, underlying investments or investment performance. 
997243vI/011543 
EFTA00731182
--- PAGE 4 ---
Response: 
FTC will produce responsive documents. 
9. 
All documents concerning any communication between Claimants and 
Respondents or any Fund Manager concerning the Funds. 
Response: 
FTC will produce responsive documents. 
10. 
All documents concerning any advice, recommendations, or analyses that 
Claimants requested or received with respect to the Funds. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is overly broad, vague, and unduly 
burdensome. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
11. 
All documents concerning any advice, recommendations, or analyses that 
Claimants requested or received concerning any actual, proposed or contemplated transaction 
involving a limited partnership interest or other interest in the Funds. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is overly broad, vague, and unduly 
burdensome. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
12. 
All documents concerning any communications between Claimants and any other 
investor in the Funds concerning the Funds. 
Response: 
FTC will produce responsive documents. 
13. 
All documents relied upon by Claimants in making their decisions to invest in the 
Funds. 
Response: 
FTC will produce responsive documents. 
14. 
All documents concerning any actual, proposed or contemplated redemption or 
sale of all or any portion of any of Claimants' shares or other ownership interests in the Funds. 
997243vI/011543 
EFTA00731183
--- PAGE 5 ---
Response: 
FTC objects to the extent this requests seek information about transfers 
after the events in question because such information is not relevant. Subject to the forgoing 
objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
15. 
All documents concerning any request by Claimants to redeem any shares or other 
ownership interest in the Funds. 
Response: 
FTC will produce responsive documents. 
16. 
All documents concerning any other Bear Stearns Fund. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information and is overly burdensome. 
17. 
All documents concerning communications between Claimants and Respondents 
concerning any other Bear Steams Fund. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information and is overly burdensome. 
18. 
All governing formation or organizational documents for Claimants that were in 
effect at any time between July 1, 2003 and the present. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information and is calculated to harass Claimants. 
19. 
Documents sufficient to show all members, officers, directors and employees of 
Claimants from July 1, 2003 until the present, including their (a) titles, and (b) duties and 
responsibilities. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information and is calculated to harass Claimants. 
20. 
Documents sufficient to show all financial advisors or financial analysts 
employed by Claimants from January 1, 2001 until the present. 
997243v1/011543 
EFTA00731184
--- PAGE 6 ---
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague, and is calculated to harass Claimants. 
21. 
Documents sufficient to show all employees, officers, directors, or trustees 
involved in making investment decisions on behalf of Claimants. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague, and is calculated to harass Claimants. 
Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC will produce responsive documents relating to the 
investments in the Funds. 
22. 
Documents sufficient to show all entities and individuals for which or on whose 
behalf Claimants have invested or managed funds from July 1, 2003 until the present. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague, and is calculated to harass Claimants 
and its clients. 
23. 
Documents sufficient to show the complete educational and employment 
background of (a) Jeffrey Epstein, (b) Harry Beller, (c) Darren Indyke, and (d) Lesley Groff. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information and is overly burdensome. Subject to the forgoing, FTC will produce 
documents sufficient to show Mr. Epstein's educational and employment history to the extent 
such documents are readily available to FTC. 
24. 
Documents sufficient to show Claimants' (a) overall assets, (b) investable assets, 
and (c) earnings for the years 2003 to the present. 
997243v11011543 
EFTA00731185
--- PAGE 7 ---
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague, and is calculated to harass Claimants. 
25. 
All documents concerning the "financial consulting services" offered and 
provided by FTC to third-parties as alleged on page 7 of the Amended Statelllent of Claim. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague, and is calculated to harass Claimants 
and its clients. 
26. 
All documents concerning Claimants' actual, proposed or contemplated 
investment guidelines, objectives, policies and/or strategies between July 1, 2003 and the 
present. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague. 
27. 
All documents including, but not limited to, guidelines, protocols and manuals, 
concerning Claimants' analyses, due diligence, portfolio monitoring and capabilities for analyses 
concerning their investments. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC 
will produce any responsive documents that may exist regarding the investments in the Funds. 
28. 
All documents concerning analyses, due diligence and portfolio monitoring 
Claimants conducted concerning their investments from July 1, 2003 to the present. 
997243v1/011543 
EFTA00731186
--- PAGE 8 ---
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague, and is calculated to harass Claimants. 
29. 
All documents concerning analyses, due diligence and portfolio monitoring 
Claimants conducted concerning the Funds from July 1, 2003 to the present. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is unduly vague. Subject to the forgoing 
objection, FTC will produce responsive documents relating to FTC's investment in the Funds. 
30. 
All 
documents 
including 
notes, 
emails 
and 
memoranda 
concerning 
communications with respect to the Funds. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request seeks information protected by the work-
produce and attorney-client privileges. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC will produce 
responsive documents. 
31. 
To the extent not produced in response to Document Request No. I, all 
documents concerning any ownership interest (whether beneficial, direct, indirect or otherwise) 
that Claimants held in any hedge fund, private equity fund or other business entity, at any time 
between January 1, 2001 and the present. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague, and is calculated to harass Claimants. 
32. 
To the extent not produced in response to Document Request No. I, all 
documents concerning any actual, proposed or contemplated investment by or on behalf of 
Claimants in any hedge fund, private equity fund or other business entity, at any time between 
January 1, 2001 and the present. 
997243v1/011543 
EFTA00731187
--- PAGE 9 ---
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague, and is calculated to harass Claimants. 
33. 
To the extent not produced in response to Document Request No. I, all 
documents concerning any investments made, or held by, or on behalf of Claimants or 
investment accounts other than those concerning the Funds, from January I, 2001 to the present. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague, and is calculated to harass Claimants. 
34. 
All documents concerning Respondent Warren Spector ("Spector"). 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC 
will produce responsive documents relating to the Funds. 
35. 
All document concerning communications, from July 1, 2003 to the present, 
between Claimants and Spector. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC 
will produce responsive documents relating to the Funds. 
36. 
All documents concerning meetings, from July 1, 2003 to the present, between 
Claimants and Spector. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC 
will produce responsive documents relating to the Funds. 
37. 
All documents Claimants sent to or received from Spector, from July 1, 2003 to 
the present. 
997243v11011543 
EFTA00731188
--- PAGE 10 ---
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC 
will produce responsive documents relating to the Funds. 
38. 
All documents concerning communications, from July 1, 2003 to the present, 
between Claimants and (a) Respondents, (b) any Fund Manager, (c) Evan Kerr, (d) Heather 
Malloy, and (e) Ira Zicherman. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC 
will produce responsive documents relating to the Funds. 
39. 
All documents concerning meetings, from July 1, 2003 to the present, between 
Claimants and (a) Respondents, (b) any Fund Manager, (c) Evan Kerr, (d) Heather Malloy, and 
(e) Ira Zicherman. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC 
will produce responsive documents relating to the Funds. 
40. 
All documents concerning Claimants' communications with any other financial 
advisors, investment advisors, or hedge fund managers, from January I, 2001 to the present. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague, and is calculated to harass Claimants. 
41. 
Documents sufficient to show all of the investments made or held by or on behalf 
of Claimants from January I, 2001 to the present. 
997243v11011543 
EFTA00731189
--- PAGE 11 ---
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is not calculated to lead to the discovery 
of relevant information, is overly burdensome and vague, and is calculated to harass Claimants. 
42. 
All documents concerning Claimants' participation in or attendance (personally, 
or via telephone or any other medium) at investor conference calls regarding the Funds or any 
other Bear Steams Fund. 
Response: 
FTC objects to the extent this request seeks document unrelated to the 
Funds as not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information. Subject to the forgoing, 
FTC will produce responsive documents. 
43. 
All recordings or documents concerning recordings of any investor conference 
calls or other telephone calls regarding the Funds or any other Bear Steams Fund. 
Response: 
FTC objects to the extent this request seeks document unrelated to the 
Funds as not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information. Subject to the forgoing, 
FTC will produce responsive documents. 
44. 
All documents concerning Claimants' participation in or attendance (personally, 
or via telephone or any other medium) at any conference call or other presentation conducted by 
or on behalf of any Bear Steams Entity or Fund Manager concerning (a) collateralized debt 
obligation securities, (b) mortgage-backed securities, (c) asset-backed securities, (d) 
securitization of mortgages, (e) the secondary market for trading in mortgage-backed products, 
and (f) any type of security or asset held, directly or indirectly, by the Funds. 
Response: 
FTC objects to the extent this request seeks document unrelated to the 
Funds as not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information. Subject to the forgoing 
objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
45. 
All documents concerning Claimants' attempts, if any, to obtain information 
concerning the Funds' underlying investments. 
997243v1/011543 
EFTA00731190
--- PAGE 12 ---
Response: 
Subject to the understanding this request only relates to the time period 
before the Funds imploded, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
46. 
All documents concerning Claimants' knowledge concerning the Funds' subprime 
exposure (whether direct or indirect). 
Response: 
Subject to the understanding this request only relates to the time period 
before the Funds imploded, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
47. 
All documents concerning Claimants' knowledge of the Funds' underlying 
investments and performance. 
Response: 
Subject to the understanding this request only relates to the time period 
before the Funds imploded, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
48. 
All documents concerning Claimants' views of whether the Funds' exposure to 
subprime mortgages was important to their decision to invest in the Funds or to hold onto their 
investments in the Funds. 
Response: 
FTC will produce responsive documents. 
49. 
All documents concerning Claimants' attempts, if any, to obtain information 
concerning the actual or potential risks of investing, directly or indirectly, in collateralized debt 
obligations, collateralized mortgage obligations, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed 
securities, and the subprime market. 
Response: 
FTC objects to the extent this request seeks document unrelated to the 
Funds as not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information. Subject to the forgoing 
objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
50. 
All documents concerning Claimants' views with respect to the risks involved in 
investing, directly or indirectly, in collateralized debt obligations, collateralized mortgage 
obligations, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and the subprime market. 
997243vI/011543 
EFTA00731191
--- PAGE 13 ---
Response: 
FTC objects to the extent this request seeks document unrelated to the 
Funds as not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information. Subject to the forgoing 
objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
51. 
All documents concerning any advice, recommendations, or analyses that 
Claimants requested or received with respect to investments, direct or indirect, in collateralized 
debt obligations, collateralized mortgage obligations, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed 
securities and the subprime market. 
Response: 
FTC objects to the extent this request seeks document unrelated to the 
Funds as not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information. Subject to the forgoing 
objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
52. 
All documents concerning Claimants' reliance on statements, omissions, or 
representations allegedly made by Respondents or any Fund Manager. 
Response: 
FTC objects to the extent this request seeks document unrelated to the 
Funds as not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information. Subject to the forgoing 
objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
53. 
All documents concerning Claimants' claims for damages, including their claims 
for compensatory damages, recessionary damages, interest, and punitive damages. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
54. 
All documents concerning the allegation on page 3 of the Amended Statement of 
Claim that "in reality, Respondents created the Enhanced Fund as part of a scheme both to 
alleviate the looming liquidity problems that the High Grade Fund begun to encounter and to 
997243vI/011543 
EFTA00731192
--- PAGE 14 ---
facilitate fraudulent manipulations of fund portfolio values already taking place in the High 
Grade Fund." 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
55. 
All documents concerning the allegations on page 4 of the Amended Statement of 
Claim that "Respondent Spector . . . personally solicited FTC, through Epstein, to invest in the 
Enhanced Fund, providing clearly misleading and false assurances about the Fund and its 
investment safety . . . [and] bolstered this safety representation and secured Epstein's 
unsuspecting confidence in Respondents' scheme by falsely claiming to have made his own 
personal investment in the Fund." 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
56. 
All documents concerning the allegation on page 7 of the Amended Statement of 
Claim that "[a]fler the ABS Fund collapsed, COUQ transferred its shared in the ABS Fund to 
another charitable foundation, but COUQ did not transfer its legal claims." 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. FTC further objects to this request as potentially seeking information not 
calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information. Subject to the forgoing objection, 
FTC will produce the legal documents that memorialize the transfer. 
57. 
All documents concerning the allegation on page 9 of the Amended Statement of 
Claim that "[f]or more than 26 years, Epstein invested millions of dollars in various Bear 
Steams' [sic] sponsored investments, relying principally on the assurances, advice and 
997243v1/011543 
EFTA00731193
--- PAGE 15 ---
representations of Spector and other executives at the highest levels of Bear Steams' 
management." 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request invades the work-product and attorney-
client privileges. 
FTC further objects because this information is equally available to 
Respondents and as to FTC and it is overly burdensome to require to produce the information to 
Respondents. Subject to the forgoing objection, FTC will produce responsive documents. 
58. 
To the extent not called for by the preceding requests or by the applicable portions 
of the Guide, all documents concerning (a) the Funds, (b) the Fund Managers, (c) Evan Kerr, (d) 
Heather Malloy, (e) Ira Zicherman, (0 any other Bear Steams Fund, and (g) Respondents. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request is vague, overly burdensome, and 
potentially seeks information that not calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant information. 
997243v1/011543 
EFTA00731194
--- PAGE 16 ---
Information Requested 
1. 
Provide all information referenced in the Guide at Document Production List 
Two: Documents to Be Produced in All Customer Cases, and at Document Production Lists 
Eight and Ten, identifying additional discoverable information 
for cases alleging 
misrepresentation/omission and negligence/breach of fiduciary duty, respectively. 
Response: 
FTC objects because it cannot tell what the information request seeks. It 
appears to violate FINRA 12507. FTC incorporates its Response to Discovery Guide requests. 
2. 
Identify each person with knowledge or information relevant to the subject matter 
of the Amended Statement of Claim. 
Response:
Jeffrey Epstein, Harry Beller, Warren Spector, James Cayne, Ralph Cioffi, Matthew 
Tannin, Colin Gordon, and Franklin Collins. 
3. 
Identify each person relevant to the subject matter of the Amended Statement of 
Claim. 
Response:
Jeffrey Epstein, Harry Beller, Warren Spector, James Cayne, Ralph Cioffi, Matthew 
Tannin, Colin Gordon, Franklin Collins, and all employees of the Funds. 
4. 
Identify all brokerage or investment accounts in which Claimants held any 
ownership interest (whether direct, indirect, beneficial or otherwise) during the period January 1, 
2001 to the present, by stating: (a) name of broker-dealer at which the account was maintained, 
(b) date account was opened, (c) account number, (d) name of account holder, and (e) name of 
any other person or entity that holds or held any ownership interest in the account. 
997243v1/011543 
EFTA00731195
--- PAGE 17 ---
Response: 
FTC objects because this request seeks information that is not calculated 
to lead to the discovery of relevant information. FTC further objects because this request 
violation FINRA Rule 12507. 
5. 
Identify each meeting or telephone conversation in which Claimants and one or 
more of the Respondents or Fund Managers participated. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request seeks information that is not calculated 
to lead to the discovery of relevant information to the extent it seeks information unrelated to the 
Funds. FTC further objects because this request violation FINRA Rule 12507. 
6. 
Identify each person involved in making investment decisions on behalf of 
Claimants at any time between January I, 2001 and the present. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request seeks information that is not calculated 
to lead to the discovery of relevant information to the extent it seeks information unrelated to the 
Funds. FTC further objects because this request violation FINRA Rule 12507. Subject to the 
forgoing objection, FTC's decisions regarding the investments in the Funds were made solely by 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
7. 
Identify each person who provided investment advice to Claimants at any time 
between January I, 2001 and the present. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request seeks information that is not calculated 
to lead to the discovery of relevant information to the extent it seeks information unrelated to the 
Funds. FTC further objects because this request violation FINRA Rule 12507. Subject to the 
forgoing objection, FTC received investment advice regarding the Funds from Warren Spector. 
8. 
Identify all financial advisors or financial analysts employed by Claimants from 
January 1, 2001 until the present. 
997243v11011543 
EFTA00731196
--- PAGE 18 ---
Response: 
FTC objects because this request seeks information that is not calculated 
to lead to the discovery of relevant information to the extent it seeks information unrelated to the 
Funds. FTC further objects because this request violation FINRA Rule 12507. 
9. 
State the educational background, academic degrees and credentials, and 
professional licenses held by, and employment history of each person identified in response to 
Information Request Nos. 6, 7, and 8, as well as (a) Jeffrey Epstein, (b) Harry Beller, (c) Darren 
Indyke, and (d) Lesley Groff. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request seeks information that is not calculated 
to lead to the discovery of relevant information. FTC further objects because this request 
violation FINRA Rule 12507. 
10. 
Identify each member, officer, director and employee of Claimants from July I, 
2003 until the present, including their (a) titles, and (b) duties and responsibilities. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request seeks information that is not calculated 
to lead to the discovery of relevant information. FTC further objects because this request 
violation FINRA Rule 12507. 
II. 
Identify all entities and individuals for which or on whose behalf Claimants have 
invested or managed funds from July 1, 2003 until the present. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request seeks information that is not calculated 
to lead to the discovery of relevant information and is calculated to harass FTC and its clients. 
FTC further objects because this request violation FINRA Rule 12507. 
12. 
Identify each bank account in which Claimants held any ownership interest 
(whether direct, indirect, beneficial or otherwise) during the period January 1, 2001 to the 
present, by: (a) identifying the bank or other financial institution at which such account is or was 
maintained; (b) stating the account number for such account; and (c) identifying all persons who 
997243v1/011543 
EFTA00731197
--- PAGE 19 ---
held any ownership interest (whether direct, indirect, beneficial or otherwise) in such account 
during the period January I, 2001 to the present. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request seeks information that is not calculated 
to lead to the discovery of relevant information. FTC further objects because this request 
violation FINRA Rule 12507. 
13. 
For each of the following individuals, state the title of each periodical, including 
magazines and newspapers to which each individual subscribed on or after the date of Claimants' 
purchase of any limited partnership interest or other ownership interest in the Funds: (a) Jeffrey 
Epstein, (b) Harry Beller, (c) Darren Indyke, and (d) Lesley Groff. 
Response: 
FTC objects because this request seeks information that is not calculated 
to lead to the discovery of relevant information. FTC further objects because this request 
violation FINRA Rule 12507. 
Dated: 
New York, New York 
May 
2010 
Respectfully submitted, 
SUSMAN GODFREY L.L.P. 
Stephen D. Susman 
654 Madison Avenue, 5th Floor 
New York, New York 10065-8440 
Tele hone: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
997243v11011543 
EFTA00731198
--- PAGE 20 ---
Harry P. Susman 
SUSMAN GODFREY 
. 
1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 5100 
Houston, Texas 77002-5096 
Telephone: (713) 651-9366 
Fax: (713) 654-6666 
E-mail: 
Attorneys for Claimants 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
C.O.U.Q. Foundation 
997243v1/011543 
EFTA00731199
--- PAGE 21 ---
PROOF OF SERVICE 
This is to certify that a true and correct copy of the foregoing instrument has been served 
by email and first class mail, this _th day of May, 2010, on: 
Gabrielle Gould 
KRAMER LEVIN NAFTAILIS & FRANKEL LLP 
1177 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10036 
E-mail: 
David B. Anders 
Meredith L. Turner 
WACHTELL, LIPTON, ROSEN & ICATz. 
West 52nd Street 
New York, New York 10019 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Stephen D. Susman 
997243v11011543 
EFTA00731200

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731201.pdf
----------------------------------------
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
MEMORANDUM 
Attorney Work Product 
Privileged and Confidential 
TO: 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
CC: 
Darren K. Indyke 
FROM: 
Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C. 
Eric F. Leon 
David S. Flugman 
DATE: 
August 7, 2009 
RE: 
Potential Claims against D.B. Zwim, Glenn Dubin, and/or Highbridge Capital 
You have asked us to examine potential claims against D.B. Zwim, Glenn Dubin, and/or 
Highbridge Capital in connection with Jeepers, Inc.'s ("Jeepers") investments in the D.B. Zwim 
Special Opportunities Fund (the "Fund") in light of the Settlement Agreement and Release 
entered into between Jeepers, Financial Trust Company, Inc., and you on the one hand, and the 
Fund, on the other (the "Settlement Agreement"). Section One of this memorandum addresses 
the Settlement Agreement, its applicability to the Fund and its principals and agents, including its 
termination mechanisms and, if Jeepers were to exercise its termination rights, a discussion of 
the claims Jeepers might have against the Fund. Section Two of this memorandum addresses 
any claims that Jeepers might have against Glenn Dubin ("Dubin") or Highbridge Capital 
("Highbridge"), including the extent to which Dubin or Highbridge are covered by the terms of 
the Settlement Agreement and a discussion of potential claims that Jeepers might have against 
Dubin or Highbridge. Section Three contains some recommendations for Jeepers's future course 
of action. 
1. 
Potential Claims against the Fund and its Principals and Agents 
(a) 
The Settlement Agreement and its Termination Provisions 
As you are aware, the terms of the Settlement Agreement release the Fund and certain 
other parties from any claims that Jeepers, Financial Trust, or you might have in connection with 
your investments in the Fund in exchange for the right to withdraw the principal amounts of two 
of Jeepers's five investment tranches (a $10 million tranche dated June I, 2003 and a $20 million 
tranche dated January 1, 2005) plus accrued earnings, valued by the Fund at approximately $45 
million. The Fund is obligated to pay this amount at the same time and on the same basis as 
redemptions due to all other investors who had submitted valid redemption requests prior to 
December 31, 2007. Thus, if the Fund does not have enough money to pay the full amount of all 
such investors' redemptions, payments would be made on a pro rata basis to these investors. 
EFTA00731201
--- PAGE 2 ---
Attorney Work Product 
Privileged and Confidential 
Notably, all statutes of limitations for any claims released under the Settlement Agreement are 
tolled from the date on which the agreement was signed. 
In the event that the Fund fails to pay the $45 million described above by December 31, 
2009, Jeepers may elect, in its sole discretion, to terminate the Settlement Agreement in its 
entirety. In such a case, the releases discussed above would be declared null and void, the 
statutes of limitations would once again begin to run, and Jeepers could assert any claim it 
wishes as against the Fund or its principals and agents. In the event that Jeepers does not receive 
its full $45 million payment by December 31, 2009, under paragraph 7 of the Settlement 
Agreement, it will have until January 15, 2010 to terminate. After such date, Jeepers will have 
waived any right to terminate the Settlement Agreement. 
(b) 
Substantive Claims against the Fund, its Principals, and its Agents 
Should Jeepers elect to terminate the Settlement Agreement by the mechanism described 
above, Jeepers could pursue claims both for breach of contract and for fraud. Under Section 15.2 
of the Fund's Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement ("LP Agreement"), 
Jeepers has agreed to arbitrate all disputes arising between it and the Fund. See LP Agreement at 
§ 15.2 ("The Partners waive their right to seek remedies in court, including any right to a jury 
trial. The partners agree that in the event of any dispute arising between the parties, such dispute 
shall be settled by arbitration..."). The substantive laws of the state of Delaware would apply to 
resolve any claim brought in an arbitration under this provision. It should be noted that the scope 
of this arbitration provision is quite broad and that if Jeepers attempted to file claims against the 
Fund in a court it would almost assuredly be met with a motion to compel arbitration. Such a 
motion would be difficult to defeat given the strong policies favoring arbitration.' 
The following subsections explore the relative strengths and weaknesses of the claims 
Jeepers might bring against the Fund. 
(i) 
Breach of Contract 
Under the terms of the Fund's Confidential Memoranda and other investor 
communications, for purposes of defining withdrawal dates under the Amended and Restated 
Limited Partnership Agreement each investment tranche is treated as an individual Capital 
Account. Because each of Jeepers's investment tranches are subject to a two year lock-up (per 
the January II, 2005 side letter), the only two tranches that would have been eligible for 
redemption in November 2006 are the June 2003 and January 2005 tranches -- precisely the 
tranches for which Jeepers is entitled to payment under the Settlement Agreement. 
The arbitration provision applies to "the parties ... and their respective successors, executors, administrators, 
legal representatives, heirs and assigns," such that claims against the Fund's counsel, Schulte Roth & Zabel, 
would likely fall within the scope of this clause but claims against other parties, including Dubin and 
Highbridge, likely would not. See LP Agreement at § 15.9. 
EFTA00731202
--- PAGE 3 ---
Attorney Work Product 
Privileged and Confidential 
Under this contractual analysis the best case recovery for Jeepers under a contract theory 
would be the full value of the June 2003 and January 2005 investment tranches. However, under 
the Settlement Agreement, Jeepers is already entitled to this best case scenario, effectively 
receiving 100 cents on the dollar for its contract claim.2 Indeed, the Settlement Agreement 
places Jeepers in a more favorable position than it would otherwise be in should it sue on a 
contract theory, as the agreement groups it with a small number of limited partners who made 
valid redemption requests prior to December 31, 2007 -- effectively putting Jeepers at the front 
of the line and guaranteeing payment on the same terms as these other limited partners. 
Moreover, the Settlement Agreement values the June 1, 2003 investment as of June 30, 2007 and 
the January 1, 2005 investment as of March 31, 2007, both of which are sure to be greater than 
their present value.3
(ii) 
Fraud 
In theory, Jeepers would have the ability to seek recovery of the full amount of the 
money it invested with the Fund under a fraud theory. Such a claim would be premised upon the 
idea that the Fund talked Jeepers out of making a request for a complete redemption at a time 
when, according to the Fund's own admission, Jeepers would have had a right to do so. There is, 
however, a significant weakness to Jeepers's potential fraud claim in that the Fund will argue 
that Jeepers cannot show the requisite element of reasonable reliance necessary to state a claim 
for fraud. See Caldera Properties-Lewes/Rehoboth VII v. Ridings Development, LLC, 2009 WL 
2231716, at *28 (Del. Supr. 2009) (noting elements of fraud as a false representation made by 
defendant, knowledge that it was false, that the statement was made with the intent to induce the 
plaintiff to act or refrain from acting, that plaintiff's inaction or action was taken in justifiable 
reliance thereupon, and that plaintiff suffered damage as a result of such reliance). The argument 
would be made that, because Jeepers was a sophisticated party with counsel advising it as to its 
redemption rights, Jeepers's reliance on statements made by the Fund with respect to such rights 
was not reasonable. Thus, the Fund will argue, Jeepers could not reasonably have relied on 
Zwim's statement that Jeepers had no redemption rights in November 2006 and could not prove 
that it was defrauded out of removing its money at that time. Such an argument is inherently 
factual, and is unlikely to be resolved without significant litigation expense. Additionally, the 
litigation risks of asserting such a claim must be weighed against the fact that if Jeepers were to 
terminate the Settlement Agreement it would lose its preferred status guaranteeing it payment at 
Of course, leepers still has the right to receive the value of its three other investment tranches, as explicitly 
reserved in the final sentences of paragraphs 6(a) and 6(b). 
To the extent that the Fund may have consented to different terms for the partial withdrawal of funds under 
Section 9.2 of the LP Agreement, any such oral consent would be invalid under Section 15.3 which requires all 
"notices, demands, elections, requests or other communications that any party to [the] Agreement may desire or 
be required to give" to be "in writing." Any argument that Jeepers relied on the oral statements made by the 
Fund would sound in fraud, not contract, and would be subject to the same caveats identified with respect to the 
fraud claims discussed herein. 
EFTA00731203
--- PAGE 4 ---
Attorney Work Product 
Privileged and Confidential 
the same time and under the same terms as the small group of limited partners who had 
submitted valid requests before December 31, 2007. Thus, if the Fund were to start satisfying 
such requests after Jeepers terminates, it would lose its right to preferential payment and would 
run the real risk that, even if it were to obtain a favorable judgment on its fraud claim down the 
line, the Fund would lack sufficient funds to satisfy that judgment.4
2. 
Potential Claims Against Glenn Dubin and Highbridge Capital 
You have also asked us to examine what claims, if any, Jeepers might have against Glenn 
Dubin and/or Highbridge based upon representations made by Dubin that Jeepers should not 
withdraw its complete investment from the Fund. A threshold question exists as to the scope of 
the release contained in the Settlement Agreement and whether such release extends to protect 
Dubin and Highbridge. Such question is explored in subsection 2(a). Subsection 2(b) then 
discusses some of the various claims that might be asserted against Dubin and Highbridge, and 
when such claims could be raised. 
(a) 
The Scope of the Settlement Agreement Release vis-a-vis Dubin and Highbridge 
The releases described in paragraph 6 of the Settlement Agreement are broad in scope, 
both with respect to the types of claims released and the parties against whom such claims are 
released. The first question that must be addressed is whether Dubin and Highbridge are one of 
the parties against whom claims have been released under the Settlement Agreement. If that is 
so, claims may only be pursued as against them if Jeepers terminates as described above. 
Paragraph 6(a) reads, in pertinent part, that Jeepers: 
fully and irrevocably release[s] the Fund, D.B. Zwirn Partners, 
LLC, D.B. Zwirn & Co., L.P., DBZ GP, LLC, Zwirn Holdings, 
LLC, and each of their predecessors, successors, parents, 
subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, officers, present and former 
directors, members partners, principals, employees, agents, 
shareholders, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, trusts, 
trustees, and counsel... 
(emphasis added). 
There is authority to suggest that a party may be released under a settlement agreement in 
one capacity but not released in another. In Behkor v. Bear, Stearns & Co., Inc., No. 96 Civ. 
In the case of termination, Jeepers might have a separate fraudulent inducement claim against Schulte Roth & 
Zabel, the Fund's counsel, for withholding material information from Jeepers during the course of the 
settlement negotiations and for wrongfully inducing Jeepers to enter into the Agreement. However, it is clear 
that no claim against Schulte Roth could be pursued absent termination, as they are released under the terms of 
paragraph 6. 
EFTA00731204
--- PAGE 5 ---
Attorney Work Product 
Privileged and Confidential 
4156 (LMM), 2004 WL 2389751, at ■4-5 (S.D.N.Y. Oct. 25, 2004), for example, the court 
analyzed a settlement and release under New York law and found that, because the parties 
seeking the benefit of a release were released in their capacity as agents of the signatory, the 
scope of the contractual release would apply only to cover those transactions where the parties 
acted as agents, and not as to acts taken outside that capacity. ("[T]he release applies only to 
those transactions where either BSSC or Bear Steams acted as Josephthals' "agent." . . . 
Therefore, the release's application to Bear Steams is limited to those transactions where BSSC 
(Bear Steams's subsidiary) or Bear Steams itself acted as Josephthal's agent . . .") 
Thus depending on the claim Jeepers brings against Dubin and/or Highbridge, such claim 
may or may not have been released under the Settlement Agreement. More specifically, should 
Jeepers wish to bring a fraud or negligent misrepresentation claim against Dubin or Highbridge, 
based upon statements made at the Fund's behest, such claims would be covered by the release 
above because Dubin would have made such comments in his capacity as agent for the Fund. 
However, if Jeepers were to bring a fiduciary duty claim against Dubin or Highbridge, on the 
theory that they breached an independent duty to you or Jeepers as an investment advisor (for 
instance), there is an argument to be made that such a claim would not fall under the releases in 
paragraph 6(a) because they are not dependent upon Dubin's status as an agent of the Fund, but 
are rather premised upon a wholly independent duty. 
(b) 
Substantive Claims Against Dubin and Highbridge 
To the extent that Jeepers wishes to pursue claims against Dubin and Highbridge, 
whether now or at some time in the future, Jeepers likely would have the right to bring such 
claims in a court rather than before an arbitrator. Dubin and Highbridge are not parties to the LP 
Agreement entered into between the Fund and Jeepers, and Section 15.9 of that Agreement does 
not appear to inure to the benefit of Dubin or Highbridge. Such claims would have to be brought 
in a court where both venue and jurisdiction over the defendants is proper.5
(i) 
Breach of Fiduciary Duty 
In order to state a claim for breach of fiduciary duty under New York law, Jeepers would 
need to plead and prove (1) the existence of a fiduciary duty; (2) misconduct of the defendant; 
and (3) damages that were directly caused by that misconduct. See Kurtzman v. Bergstol, 40 
A.D. 3d 588, 590 (2d Dep't 2007). Thus, as a prerequisite Jeepers would need to identify and 
establish that Dubin and Highbridge owed it a fiduciary duty and that Dubin and Highbridge 
It is our understanding that venue would be proper in New York because the misrepresentations to Jeepers took 
place in that state, and that jurisdiction could be held over Dubin and Highbridge as they are domiciled in New 
York. Should Jeepers wish to pursue claims as against Dubin or Highbridge in another jurisdiction, including 
the Virgin Islands, it would need to establish personal jurisdiction and state a basis as to why venue would be 
proper there. At present, we do not know of a basis to assert either venue or proper jurisdiction outside of New 
York as against these defendants. 
EFTA00731205
--- PAGE 6 ---
Attorney Work Product 
Privileged and Confidential 
violated that duty by urging Jeepers not to remove its money. Inherent to this claim is the 
assertion that Dubin was acting in a fraudulent or negligent manner when making such 
statements, and that the statements were actually false when made. To the extent that the 
fiduciary duty claim is dependent upon such a fraud theory, it suffers from the same defects 
identified above. 
New York law does not provide a uniform statute of limitations for a breach of fiduciary 
duty claim; rather such claim is dependent upon the nature of the allegations supporting such a 
breach claim. Where, as here, an allegation of fraud is essential to a breach of fiduciary duty, 
courts have applied a six year statute of limitations, running from the date of the alleged injury. 
See CPLR 213(8); Kaufman v. Cohen, 307 A.D.2d 113, 119 (1st Dep't 2003) (noting six year 
statute applicable to breach of fiduciary duty claim premised on underlying claim that partner 
misappropriated business opportunities). Thus, the statute of limitations on a fiduciary duty 
claim should run from the date of the alleged misrepresentations (November 2006) and expire in 
November 2012.6 If, however, the breach of fiduciary duty claim is premised upon another 
underlying theory, or the court declines to follow the precedent applying a six year statute of 
limitations to a fraud-based breach of fiduciary duty claim, the statute of limitations would 
expire in November 2009. 
(ii) 
Fraud 
Jeepers currently is barred from pursuing a fraud claim as against Dubin and Highbridge 
pursuant to the releases in the Settlement Agreement, as explained above. However, for this 
reason the statute of limitations for such a claim is tolled. Should Jeepers elect to terminate the 
Settlement Agreement, the statute will begin to run again and Jeepers might be able to bring a 
fraud claim against Dubin and Highbridge. However, the hurdles to such a claim as discussed 
above in section 1(b)(ii) equally are applicable to Dubin and Highbridge, including the difficulty 
of establishing actual reliance. Moreover, Jeepers would have to establish that any statements 
made by Dubin which induced him to remain invested were both false and known to be false by 
Dubin at the time they were made. 
Fraud claims are subject to a six year statute of limitations under CPLR 213(8). Thus, 
Jeepers's fraud claim would expire in August 2013 (six years from the date of injury plus the 
nine months of tolling assuming Jeepers terminates the agreement in January 2010). 
(iii) 
Negligent Misrepresentation 
Jeepers might also be able to bring a negligent misrepresentation claim against Dubin and 
Highbridge if it elects to terminate the Settlement Agreement. New York courts generally 
To the extent that the Settlement Agreement bars a fiduciary duty claim, the statute of limitations on any such 
claim would be tolled under paragraph 7. 
EFTA00731206
--- PAGE 7 ---
Attorney Work Product 
Privileged and Confidential 
recognize that negligent misrepresentation involves most of the same elements as does fraud, 
with a negligence standard substituted for the scienter requirement. See Mia Shoes, Inc. v. 
Republic Factors Corp., 1997 WL 525401, at *3 (S.D.N.Y. 1997); Rotterdam Ventures, Inc. v. 
Ernst & Young LLP, 300 A.D. 2d 963 (3d Dep't 2002). A plaintiff can only recover for 
negligent misrepresentation where "there is a special relationship of trust or confidence, which 
creates a duty for one party to impart correct information to another. The special relationship 
requires a closer degree of trust than that in an ordinary business relationship." Wright v. Selle, 
A.D. 3d 1065, 1066-67 (4th Dep't 2006). Thus, Jeepers would need to establish that Dubin 
had a special relationship of trust that created a duty on his part to impart correct information. 
Against that backdrop, Jeepers would have to plead and prove that (1) Dubin knew that the 
statement was going to be used by Jeepers for a particular purpose; (2) that Jeepers did in fact 
rely on the statement in furtherance of that purpose; and (3) that Dubin acted in a way that linked 
him to Jeepers and understood that Jeepers would rely on the statement. Of course, the 
statements made by Dubin would have to be false in order to be actionable as well. See Portnoy 
v. Am. Tobacco Co., No. 96/16323, 1997 WL 638800, at *6 (N.Y. Sup. Ct. Suffolk Co. Sept. 26, 
1997). 
Negligent misrepresentation claims are subject to a six year statute of limitations under 
CPLR 213(8) running from the date on which the plaintiff relied on the misrepresentation. See 
Mi/in Pharmacy, Inc. v. Cash Register Systems, Inc., 173 A.D.2d 686, 687 (2d Dep't 1991) 
("The Supreme Court properly determined that the plaintiff's cause of action sounding in 
negligent misrepresentation is governed by a six-year statute of limitations and that it was 
therefore timely interposed."); Lasher v. Albion Central School Dist., 38 A.D.3d 1197 (4th Dep't 
2007). Thus, like Jeepers's fraud claim, its claim for negligent misrepresentation would expire 
in August 2013 (six years from the date of injury plus the nine months of tolling assuming 
Jeepers terminates the agreement in January 2010). 
3. 
Recommendations for Future Action 
We understand that you have negotiated an extension until August 10, 2009 in which to 
decide whether to exercise your rights under paragraph 7 of the Settlement Agreement to 
terminate that Agreement. We believe at this time that the only compelling reason to exercise 
those rights at this time -- rather than in January 2010 -- would be out of concern that any statute 
of limitations might run. As discussed above, the statutes of limitations for any claims against 
the Fund or its principals and agents is tolled by operation of that same paragraph. With respect 
to claims against Dubin or Highbridge, to the extent those claims are covered by the Settlement 
Agreement they are tolled as well and to the extent claims are not so covered, the earliest date 
upon which the statute may run is November 2009. 
Under C.P.L.R. 306-b, a party has 120 days from the date it files a complaint in New 
York state court to serve that complaint on the defendants. This means that Jeepers could elect 
to file a complaint against Dubin and Highbridge this Fall before the earliest possible date when 
the statute of limitations for a breach of fiduciary duty claim might run and then hold service in 
abeyance until after December 31, 2009 when Jeepers can make a determination as to whether it 
wishes to terminate the Settlement Agreement in accordance with paragraph 7. If it elects to do 
EFTA00731207
--- PAGE 8 ---
Attorney Work Product 
Privileged and Confidential 
so, Jeepers could then, to the extent proper, amend its complaint to join any of the potential 
defendants and claims discussed above and serve such complaint at that time. 
EFTA00731208

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731209.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731209.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
I 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and L.S.J., LLC, 
Plaintiffs, 
-vs-
FANCELLI PANELING, INC., 
and ATELIER FANCELLI, 
Defendants. 
) 
) 
) 
CASE NO. ST-10-CV-
) 
) 
ACTION FOR DAMAGES 
) 
) 
JURY TRIAL DEMANDED 
I 
) 
 ) 
COMPLAINT 
COME NOW, the Plaintiffs, Jeffrey Epstein and L.S.J., LLC (collectively referred to 
herein as "Epstein"), by and through their undersigned counsel, Hodge & Francois, and as and 
for their complaint against the Defendant, Fancelli Paneling, Inc., state the following: 
1. 
The Plaintiff, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), is a resident of the United States 
Virgin Islands and is the sole member of L.S.J., LLC. 
2. 
The Plaintiff, L.S.J., LLC ("LSJ"), is a limited liability company organized 
under the laws of Delaware, is the owner of Little St. James Island located off the coast of St. 
Thomas, United States Virgin Islands and maintains its principal address in the United States 
Virgin Islands. 
3. 
Upon information and belief, Fancelli Paneling Inc. ("Fancelli") is a 
corporation, incorporated in the State of New York, which is engaged in the business of 
restoration and reproduction of antique wood panels and cabinetry in the United States, 
Canada and Europe. Fancelli's website at http://www.fancelli-paneling.com advertises Jean-
Pierre Fancelli as a master of his craft, trained as an architect who "works directly with his 
EFTA00731209
--- PAGE 2 ---
clients and approaches his craft with the commitment to create spaces that reflect the perfect 
balance of harmony and timeless aesthetic." 
3,4. 
Upon information and belief, Atelier Fancelli is Fancelli Paneling, Inc.'s 
affidiated company located in St. Ouen, France, and Atelier Fancelli acts through its new 
York corporation for projects in the United States, and upon information and belief, Fancelli 
Paneling, Inc. acts through Atelier Fancelli for projects in Europe. Atelier Fancelli and 
Fancelli Paneling, Inc. are both collectively referred to herein as "Fancelli" as they both share 
the same principal, i.e. Jean-Pierre Fancelli, and the actions of Fancelli Paneling, Inc. and 
Atelier Fancelli are indistinguishable. 
4,5 
In 2005, Epstein engaged the services of Juan Pablo Molyneux and J.P. 
Molyneux Studio, Ltd. ("Molyneux") to design a large-scale, multi-structure, multi-million 
dollar residential project to be constructed on Little St. James Island in St. Thomas, U. S. 
Virgin Islands. As part of this project, Epstein contracted with Molyneux to design the 
interior and exterior of a separate building on Little Saint James Island known as the Office 
Pavilion. 
5,6. 
Molynewc's services included the design, as well as the delivery and 
installation, of cabinetry, bookshelves, columns, and wood paneling (the "Library Cabinetry") 
for the library in the Office Pavilion. Molyneux's design for the library of the Office 
Pavilion, as agreed to by Epstein, required that the Library Cabinetry was to be a reproduction 
of the design, color, finish and proportions of the antique cabinetry, bookshelves, columns and 
wood paneling of the library at El Escorial in Spain. A photograph of the library at El 
Escorial is attached as Exhibit "1" hereto. 
Molyneux also presented Epstein with 
Molyneux's own rendering of the proposed Library Cabinetry. A copy of Molyneux's 
EFTA00731210
--- PAGE 3 ---
rendering is attached as Exhibit "2" hereto. On the basis of both the photographs of the 
library at El Escorial, including, without limitation, the photograph in Exhibit "1", and the 
rendering in Exhibit "2" presented by Molyneux, Epstein approved the general design, color 
and finish of the proposed Library Cabinetry. In addition, Molyneux and Epstein agreed to 
certain refinements to that design which required that the columns and valences included in 
the general design be intricately carved with representations of marine flora and fauna 
consistent with a tropical locale. Additional intricate wood carvings of the same tropical 
theme were to be applied at various places on the Library Cabinetry as well. 
677. 
Upon Molyneux's recommendation and at Molyneux's insistence, Epstein 
agreed with Molyneux that Fancelli would be contracted to fabricate and install the Library 
Cabinetry for the benefit of Epstein. As evidenced by representations made in Fancelli's 
website, Fancelli held itself out as skilled in intricate wood sculpting and specializing in the 
reproduction of fine antique cabinetry and woodwork. In fact, Fancelli's website advertises 
that Fancelli's "[t]eam of artisans, sculptors and cabinet makers uphold the tradition and carry 
on the sophisticated art of fine wood paneling that graces the walls of some of the world's 
most beautiful interiors." Fancelli's website also advertises that its craftsmen are "able to 
carve intricate motifs as well as restore and replicate any antique design." 
Molyneux entered into an agreement with Fancelli for the benefit of Epstein 
providing for the fabrication in accordance with Molyneux's design and installation on Little 
St. James Island of the cabinetry, bookshelves, columns, and wood paneling that constituted 
the Library Cabinetry ("Fancelli's Agreement"). The charge to Epstein for the fabrication and 
installation of the Library Cabinetry was $780,000. Molyneux's $780,000 proposal, accepted 
by Epstein, on which Fancelli's Agreement was based (the "Proposal") is attached as Exhibit 
EFTA00731211
--- PAGE 4 ---
"3" hereto. The Proposal specifically calls for the fabrication and installation of "stained 
walnut with waxed finish cabinetry per JMP design". 
Fancelli fabricated the Library Cabinetry in Europe and then shipped the 
disassembled pieces of the same in sealed crates to Little Saint James Island in or about May 
2009. 
9,10. 
Between May 2009 and March 2010, Fancelli installed the Library Cabinetry 
on Little St. James Island. As of the date of this Complaint, however, Fancelli has failed to 
fully complete the proper installation, staining and finishing of the Library Cabinetry on Little 
St. James Island in accordance with the requirements of the Proposal, Molyneux's design and 
Fancelli's Agreement, and, as installed, the Library Cabinetry is incomplete and defective in 
numerous respects, including but not limited to, the following: 
A. 
Under the Proposal in Exhibit"3" and Fancelli's Agreement and in accordance 
with Molyneux's design, the Library Cabinetry was to be made of "walnut," but 
was actually fabricated of oak instead of walnut; 
B. 
As evidenced by the photographs attached in Exhibit "4", the Library Cabinetry 
is discolored, its finish is sloppy and uneven, and carpenter's guide marks are 
apparent on the surface of various panels of the Library Cabinetry; 
C. 
As evidenced by the photograph in Exhibit "1" and Molyneux's rendering in 
Exhibit "2", the Library Cabinetry was to be stained with darker colors and a 
rich antique finish. 
Under the Proposal in "Exhibit 3" and Fancelli's 
Agreement, the stained walnut cabinetry was to have a "wax finish". However, 
as evidenced by the photographs attached as Exhibit "4", the Library Cabinetry 
has a light or transparent color and a badly simulated, inconsistent distressed 
EFTA00731212
--- PAGE 5 ---
finish, contrary to the color and finish of the cabinetry in the library of El 
Escorial, contrary to Molyneux's rendering and design and contrary to the 
Proposal and Fancelli's Agreement. 
D. 
The method used to simulate the distressed finish, which was never agreed to by 
Epstein and is itself a violation of Fancelli's Agreement, incorporated a 
treatment which makes the wood of the Library Cabinetry resistant to being re-
stained and re-finished without first being stripped and sanded. The required 
stripping and sanding creates a substantial risk of further damage to the Library 
Cabinetry without any assurance that it could be re-stained and re-finished to 
achieve the originally agreed color and finish; 
E. 
Upon information and belief, various components of the Library Cabinetry were 
made of different types of wood thereby contributing to the lack of uniformity in 
color and finish evident throughout the Library Cabinetry; 
€F. Upon information and belief, the Library Cabinetry was treated with a finish 
which continues to cause the wood to oxidize and change color so that some 
portions of the Library Cabinetry are grey in color and due to the finish will 
continue to oxidize for some indeterminate time in the future-
€G. The surfaces and edges of the panels of the Library Cabinetry are rough and 
4plintecyjasm1; 
ChH Contrary to Fancelli's Agreement and Molyneux's original design, the 
proportions of Library Cabinetry are inconsistent with those of the library 
cabinetry in El Escorial; 
EFTA00731213
--- PAGE 6 ---
14,I. The sliding panels covering the windows of the library in the Office Pavilion are 
improperly constructed and are incomplete as installed; and 
1,1. 
The overall workmanship and finish of the Library Cabinetry is of inadequate 
quality and inconsistent with the agreed upon design and the $780,000 price of 
the Library Cabinetry. 
4411. Despite Epstein's demand therefor, Fancelli has failed to fully complete the 
proper installation of the Library Cabinetry or to correct the numerous defects in the 
fabrication, workmanship, color and finish of the Library Cabinetry. 
Count I - Breach of Contract 
Plaintiffs repeat and reallege paragraphs 1 through 16 as though fully set forth 
herein. 
4-2,13. Plaintiffs were the intended third party beneficiaries of the agreement between 
Molyneux and Fancelli. 
4-3,14. Fancelli has failed to fabricate, and properly complete the installation, staining 
and finishing of, the Library Cabinetry in accordance with the Proposal, Molyneux's design 
and Fancelli's Agreement. 
44,15. To date, all material obligations owed to Fancelli have been performed under 
Fancelli's Agreement. 
4-516. Fancelli has breached Fancelli's Agreement by failing to fabricate, and 
properly complete the installation, staining and finishing of, the Library Cabinetry in 
accordance with the Proposal, Molyneux's design and Fancelli's Agreement. 
16.17. As a direct and proximate result of every contractual breach by Fancelli, 
Plaintiffs have suffered damages that include but are not limited to $780,000, plus additional 
EFTA00731214
--- PAGE 7 ---
expenses incurred to correct the defects in the Library Cabinetry, the loss of use of the funds 
paid to Fancelli through Molyneux; and the loss of time and effort of Epstein's staff and 
resources in the attempt to obtain Fancelli's performance of its contractual duties. 
Count II - Negligence 
-P,18. Plaintiffs repeat and reallege paragraphs I through 16 as though fully set forth 
herein. 
4-8,19. Fancelli at all times relevant hereto owed Epstein a duty of care and a duty to 
perform the professional services contracted for in a reasonable, competent, diligent, careful 
and good workman-like manner. 
-1-9,20. By virtue of the foregoing acts and omissions, Fancelli breached its 
professional duties owed to Epstein and was, at a minimum, negligent and careless in failing 
to exercise the requisite care, skill, knowledge and judgment required of Fancelli, and in 
doing so acted in a manner below the applicable standard of care. 
20,21.  As a direct and proximate result of the negligent acts and omissions of 
Fancelli, Plaintiffs have suffered damages that include but are not limited to $780,000, plus 
additional expenses incurred to correct the defects in the Library Cabinetry, the loss of use of 
the funds paid to Fancelli through Molyneux; and the loss of time and effort of Epstein's staff 
and resources in the attempt to obtain Fancelli's performance of its contractual duties. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiffs respectfully request that this Court enter judgment in 
Plaintiffs' favor and against Defendant, awarding the following relief: 
A. 
Award the Plaintiffs compensatory damages, general and special damages in 
an amount proven at trial; 
B. 
An award of costs and attorneys' fees incurred by Plaintiffs in bringing this 
action; 
EFTA00731215
--- PAGE 8 ---
C. 
An award of such further relief as this Court deems appropriate. 
PLAINTFFS DEMAND A TRIAL BY JURY ON ISSUES TRIABLE BY JURY 
Respectfully submitted, 
HODGE AND FRANCOIS 
Dated: July 
, 2010 
By: 
Denise Francois 
V.I. Bar Association #285 
1340 Taameberg 
St. 
Tel. 1~ 
Fax. 
Email: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein and 
L.S.J., LLC 
EFTA00731216

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731217.pdf
----------------------------------------
Policies and Protocol for Possession of Firearms and Ammunition by 
Security Staff 
July 2009. 
1. Purpose 
The purpose of the Policies and Protocol for Possession of Firearms and Ammunition by 
Security Staff ("the Policies") is to inform security officers either directly or indirectly employed to 
secure the person or property of Jeffrey Epstein that: 
1.1 Mr. Epstein is a convicted felon, having been convicted in the State of Florida of violation of 
Florida Statues § 796.03 (2 nd degree felony) and § 796.07(4)(c) (3 rd degree felony). 
1.2 It is a Class C federal crime for a convicted felon to knowingly possess a firearm or 
ammunition. 18 U.S.C. § 922(g)(1). 
1.3 It is the responsibility of all security officers to be in complete control of his or her firearms 
and ammunition at all times. To have complete control of his or her firearms and ammunition the 
security officer must have exclusive, physical possession of the firearm and ammunition, or the firearm 
and ammunition must be stored by the security officer according to the procedures set forth in section 
4. 
2. Permits, Licenses & Fees 
2.1 The security officer is to ensure that he or she is in valid, current, possession of all permits, 
licenses and certificates necessary to possess and or carry all firearms and ammunition in his or her 
possession. 
2.2 The security officer is responsible that all fees associated with all permits, licenses and 
certificate are kept current. As a condition of employment, the security officer may be reimbursed by 
Mr. Epstein for these fees. 
2.3 The security officer is required to maintain on his or her person any permit, license or 
certificate which may be requested by law enforcement when carrying a firearm. 
2.4 The security officer is to handle, carry, use, and store his or her firearm in conformity with all 
permit, license, certificate and government regulations. 
3. Possession of a Firearm and/or Ammunition 
3.1 All security officers employed either directly or indirectly to secure the person or property of 
Mr. Epstein, who will possess a firearm and or ammunition during the course of his or her employment 
in this capacity, shall read the Policies contained herein, and affirm and sign that he or she 
understands the Policies agrees to abide by these Policies. 
3.2 [All security officers who possess a firearm and or ammunition during the course of his or 
her employment as a security officer to Jeffrey Epstein shall provide 
, Mr. 
Epstein's designated representative or counsel to Mr. Epstein, with the serial number of the firearm, a 
copy of his or her licenses, permits, or certificates to hold the firearm, and a description of all 
ammunition.] 
3.3 All armed security officers shall always secure their firearms and ammunition in a manner 
that demonstrates that they have complete control over them. To do so the security officer shall: 
(a). secure the firearm so that Mr. Epstein cannot access it, and, to the extent 
practicable, not disclose where, when, and how the firearm or ammunition is secured; 
(b). always be in sole exclusive custody of his or her firearm or ammunition, that is, the 
security officer shall never allow Mr. Epstein to touch, store, move, examine, clean, or handle the 
firearm or ammunition; 
( c). notwithstanding the above, the security officers may notify Mr. Epstein of the fact 
that they are armed or that the firearms and ammunition are secured in compliance with these policies. 
3.4 The security officer shall not share control of his or her firearm or ammunition with any other 
person. The security officer shall not give his or her firearm or ammunition to anyone else while 
employed to secure the person or property of Mr. Epstein. 
3.5 The security officer shall maintain complete control over his or her firearm and ammunition, 
even when he or she is accompanying Mr. Epstein in a vehicle, boat, ship, or aircraft. 
EFTA00731217
--- PAGE 2 ---
3.6 The security officer shall never depart or leave Mr. Epstein's physical presence, of any 
property of Mr. Epstein such as a residence, apartment, boat, ship, aircraft, or vehicle and leave 
behind unattended or un-secured any firearms or ammunition. All firearms and or ammunition 
must always be either in the physical possession of the security officer, who has complete 
control of the firearm or ammunition, or stored and secured according to the rules set forth for 
storage below . 
3. Securing Firearms and Ammunition 
3.1 The security officer assumes responsibility as the custodian of all firearms and ammunition 
in his or her possession. 
3.2 The security officer shall store the firearm in a locked container, cabinet, apparatus, device, 
storage room, or closet to which Mr. Epstein does not have the key, combination, or other access 
mechanism. 
3.4 The security officer will comply with all applicable State laws governing 
firearms storage. 
I swear or affirm that I have read the above Policies and Protocol for Possession of Firearms 
and Ammunition by Security Staff ("Policies"), and that I understand the Policies. I agree to comply 
with the Policies at all times during my service as an armed security officer to Jeffrey Epstein. I 
acknowledge that I am aware that Jeffrey Epstein is a convicted felon. I agree to maintain complete 
control of all firearms and ammunition that are in my physical possession. I further agree that I will 
store and secure all firearms and ammunition according to the rules set forth in these Policies. 
Date 
By: 
EFTA00731218

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731219.pdf
----------------------------------------
Defendants' Draft of 10/7/09 
For Settlement Purposes Only 
Confidential & Inadmissible Under NY CPLR 4547, FRE 408 and Other Applicable Law 
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 
THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (the "Agreement") is 
entered into as of October 
, 2009, by and between Ava a.k.a. Maximilia Cordero ("Plaintiff") 
and Jacqueline Mari ("Mari"), on the one hand, and Jeffrey Epstein, Nine East 71 Street 
Corporation, and Jeffrey Epstein and Co. ("Party Defendants"), on the other hand. 
RECITALS 
WHEREAS, Plaintiff, Mari and Party Defendants (each, a "Party" and, collectively, the 
"Parties") desire to settle and resolve all actual or potential disputes, claims, and actions among 
them in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 
AGREEMENT 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and the respective 
agreements and other provisions contained in this Agreement, the Parties, intending to be legally 
bound, hereby agree as follows: 
1. 
Representation by Jacqueline Mari 
Jacqueline Mari, counsel for Plaintiff, hereby represents and warrants that Plaintiff has 
the full mental and legal capacity to enter into, execute and perform this Agreement and is not an 
infant or incompetent person, by reason of insanity or otherwise, or a conservatee or a person for 
whom a committee has been appointed for any reason, and that this Agreement is fully 
enforceable against Plaintiff, and Plaintiff's heirs, executors, administrators, personal 
representatives, agents, successors and assigns, in accordance with the terms hereof. 
2. 
No Admission of liability 
Neither this Agreement nor any documents relating to the subject matter hereof shall be 
construed as an admission of liability by any Party Defendant with respect to the allegations in 
the Action (as hereinafter defined), or in any other matter. The Parties acknowledge and agree 
that they are entering into this Agreement solely to avoid the inconvenience and unnecessary 
expenditure of time and resources associated with litigating the Action and any other matters 
among the Parties. 
All communications (whether oral, in writing or in electronic form), 
agreements, documents, or other materials by, between or among any of the Parties, their 
counsel, or their respective representatives in connection with this Agreement, the transactions 
contemplated hereby, the Action or any other related matters shall be protected to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, including but not limited to, NY CPLR 4547 and Federal Rules of 
Evidence 408. The Parties agree that neither this Agreement nor any of the provisions hereof 
shall be used or construed against or adversely to any Party to this Agreement in any action 
except to enforce the provisions hereof. 
EFTA00731219
--- PAGE 2 ---
3. 
Dismissal of Action With Prejudice 
(a) Within ten (10) business days after the Parties have executed this Agreement, 
Plaintiff and Party Defendants shall have their respective counsel execute a Stipulation of 
Discontinuance with prejudice, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the 
"Stipulation of Discontinuance"), with respect to that certain action commenced on or about 
October 22, 2007, captioned Ava a.k.a. Maximilia Corder() v. Jeffrey Epstein, Victoria's Secret 
Stores Brand Management Inc. a.k.a. Victoria's Secret Stores, Leslie Werner, Nine East 71 
Street Corporation, and Jeffrey Epstein and Co. (the "Defendants"), No. 113903/07 in New 
York Supreme Court, New York County, including, without limitation, Plaintiff's appeal of the 
Supreme Court's October 16, 2008 decision to dismiss the same, and all other proceedings 
relating thereto (the "Action"). 
(b) Within ten (10) business days after the Parties have executed this Agreement, 
Plaintiff and Party Defendants shall have their respective counsel execute a Stipulation of 
Withdrawal with prejudice, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B ("the 
Stipulation of Withdrawal"), with respect to the appeal of the Action in New York Supreme 
Court, Appellate Division, First Department. 
4. 
Payment 
Party Defendants will pay Mari the sum of $28,000 (the "Payment") in consideration for 
Plaintiff's and Mari's execution of, and complete performance and satisfaction of their respective 
obligations under, this Agreement. The Payment will be made to Mari within ten (10) business 
days after the Stipulation of Discontinuance and Stipulation of Withdrawal are entered and 
ordered by the New York Supreme Court and the Appellate Division respectively. 
5. 
General Release 
Except for claims to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, Plaintiff, for and on behalf 
of Plaintiff and each of Plaintiff's heirs, executors, administrators, successors, assigns, agents, 
personal representatives, and attorneys, including, but not limited to, Mari, hereby fully and 
forever releases, remises, acquits and discharges (and covenants not to sue), individually and 
collectively, the Defendants, and their present and former parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, 
principals, shareholders, officers, directors, employees and agents, and their heirs, executors, 
administrators, successors, assigns, personal representatives, affiliates, advisors, accountants and 
attorneys (collectively, the "Defendant Releasees"), and each of them, from (and for) any and all 
claims, complaints, allegations, demands, rights, matters, issues, counterclaims, cross-claims, 
actions, causes of action, contracts, obligations, suits, debts, dues, sums, liens, losses, costs, 
liabilities and judgments (collectively, "Claims"), of any kind, character or nature whatsoever, 
whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, at law or in equity, which Plaintiff ever had, 
now has, or may hereafter claim to have against any of the Defendant Releasees with respect to 
any matters, facts, events or circumstances from the beginning of the world through the date of 
this Agreement, including, without limitation, any and all Claims that were asserted or that could 
have been asserted by Plaintiff in the Action. 
EFTA00731220
--- PAGE 3 ---
6. 
Fees and Costs 
The Parties shall bear their own costs and attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the 
Action and this Agreement. 
7. 
Independent Advice 
Each Party represents and warrants to the other Parties that it has the requisite power, 
competence, mental and legal capacity and authority to enter into, execute and perform the 
provisions of 
this Agreement. 
Each Party represents and certifies that it has secured 
independent legal advice and consultation in connection with the negotiation and execution of 
this Agreement and any rights it may relinquish hereby, and that it has not relied upon any 
representations or statements made by any other Party or by any other Party's counsel, 
employees, officers, directors, shareholders, principals, or agents in connection with the 
negotiation, making and execution of this Agreement, other than as expressly stated herein. 
8. 
Entire Agreement; Amendments 
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and supersedes any understanding, statement, representation, promise, 
inducement or agreement not expressly contained herein with respect to such subject matter. It is 
expressly understood and agreed that this Agreement may not be altered, amended, or otherwise 
modified in any respect except by a writing duly executed by all of the Parties. No waiver of any 
provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the person against 
whom that waiver is sought to be enforced. Any such waiver of any provision hereof shall be 
effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which such waiver is 
given. No failure on the part of any Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, 
power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under this Agreement preclude any other or 
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. 
9. 
Construction 
This Agreement shall be construed without regard to which Party or Parties prepared it 
and shall be deemed as jointly prepared by the Parties hereto. Any ambiguity or uncertainty in 
this Agreement shall not be construed against any Party on the basis that such Party may have 
drafted such provision. The Paragraph headings contained in this Agreement shall be for 
convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement. 
10. 
Parties Bound 
The provisions of this Agreement shall bind the Parties, as well as their respective heirs, 
executors, administrators, personal representatives, trustees, agents, beneficiaries, predecessors, 
successors, assigns, and attorneys, and shall be for the benefit of the Parties and the Defendant 
Releasees (each of whom is an intended third party beneficiary of this Agreement), and this 
Agreement may be enforced by each of them in accordance with the terms hereof in respect of 
the rights granted to such persons hereunder. Except and to the extent set forth in the preceding 
EFTA00731221
--- PAGE 4 ---
sentence, this Agreement is not intended for the benefit of any person other than the Parties, and 
no such other person shall be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary hereof. 
11. 
Confidentiality 
The Parties hereto shall keep the fact that this Agreement exists, the provisions hereof, 
and the transactions contemplated hereby in strict confidence and shall not directly or indirectly 
disclose any of the same or this Agreement, or any part thereof, to any person or entity for any 
reason; provided, however, that the Parties hereto may disclose this Agreement and the 
provisions hereof in any legal action brought by a Party solely to the extent necessary to enforce 
the provisions of this Agreement, or to the extent compelled to do so in response to the issuance 
and valid service of a valid subpoena, court order, government agency order or subpoena, or 
other compulsory legal process. At least five (5) business days prior to Plaintiff or Mari making 
any disclosure in response to such compulsory legal process, such Party making or asked to 
make such disclosure shall inform each of the other Parties of the proposed disclosure and 
provide a copy to the other Parties of any and all requests in connection with such compulsory 
legal process and, to the extent permitted by the law, regulations, and/or rules of the issuing 
court, reasonably cooperate with any Party opposing disclosure, at the opposing Party's expense, 
in the opposing Party's efforts to obtain a court order preventing, limiting or otherwise restricting 
such disclosure. Each Party hereto may also disclose the relevant provisions of this Agreement 
on a strictly confidential basis to their respective attorneys and tax advisors solely to the extent 
required for the purpose of preparing and filing tax returns and tax reporting information for such 
Party. Prior to making any such disclosure to such attorneys and tax advisors, such disclosing 
Party shall inform such attorneys or tax advisors of the confidentiality provisions contained in 
this Agreement and obtain such attorneys' or tax advisors' written agreement to be bound by the 
provisions of this Paragraph II. 
12. 
Breach of Confidentiality 
The Parties agree that in the event of a breach of the confidentiality provisions of 
Paragraph 11 of this Agreement, the actual damages may be significant but difficult to determine 
with certainty. Accordingly, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the non-
breaching Party or Parties shall be entitled, without the need to post a bond or other security, to 
an order, including, but not limited to, a temporary restraining order, enjoining such threatened 
breach or further breaches by the breaching Party or Parties and awarding the reasonable 
attorneys' fees and costs incurred by the other Parties to enforce the provisions of Paragraph 11 
of this Agreement and this Paragraph 12, and such other relief as may be warranted by the facts 
and available at law or in equity. 
13. 
Non-Disparagement 
Each Party hereby covenants and agrees that such Party shall not, directly or indirectly, 
make any public statement or other public communication (whether oral, in writing or in 
electronic form) that impugns or attacks the reputation or character of any other Party or any 
Defendant, or damages the goodwill of any other Party or any Defendant, its employees, officers, 
directors, principals, agents, other representatives or business; provided, however, that no denial 
by any Party Defendant of liability for any Claim released pursuant to Paragraph 5 hereof shall 
EFTA00731222
--- PAGE 5 ---
be deemed a violation of this Paragraph 13. Plaintiff and Mari further agree that neither they 
nor their agents, representatives or attorneys shall, directly or indirectly, encourage, solicit, 
foment, facilitate or cooperate in the investigation, filing or pursuit of any civil Claims by any 
third parties that would constitute Claims against any Defendant Releasee of any kind, character 
or nature whatsoever, except to the extent required (subject to the provisions of Paragraph I I 
relating to notice to and reasonable cooperation with any Parties opposing disclosure) in 
response to the issuance and valid service of a valid subpoena, court order, government agency 
order or subpoena, or other compulsory legal process. 
14. 
Breach of Non-Disparagement 
The Parties agree that in the event of a breach of the provisions of Paragraph 13 of this 
Agreement, the actual damages may be significant but difficult to determine with certainty. 
Accordingly, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the non-breaching Party or 
Parties shall be entitled, without the need to post a bond or other security, to an order, including, 
but not limited to, a temporary restraining order, enjoining such threatened breach or further 
breaches by the breaching Party or Parties and awarding reasonable attorneys' fees and costs 
incurred to enforce the provisions of Paragraph 13 of this Agreement and this Paragraph 14, and 
such other relief as may be warranted by the facts and available at law or in equity. 
15. 
Further Assurances 
Each of the Parties agrees that at any time and from time to time upon the request of 
another Party, it shall execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and 
things as such other Party may reasonably request, at the expense of such requesting Party, 
consistent with the provisions hereof, in order to effect the intent and purposes of this 
Agreement. 
16. 
Non-Assignment 
Each of Plaintiff and Mad represents, warrants and certifies that there has been no 
transfer or assignment, or attempted transfer or assignment, of any right, title or interest in or to 
any Claim that is being released and discharged pursuant to the release provided by Plaintiff in 
Paragraph 5 above. 
17. 
Counterparts 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which counterparts 
shall be deemed to be one instrument, provided that each signatory to this Agreement executes at 
least one (though not necessarily the same one) of such counterparts. 
18. 
Severability 
If any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any person or 
circumstances, shall for any reason and to any extent be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder 
of this Agreement, or the application of such provision to the unaffected persons or 
circumstances, shall not be affected thereby but rather shall be enforced to the greatest extent 
permitted by law. 
EFTA00731223
--- PAGE 6 ---
19. 
Governing Law 
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York applicable to 
agreements made, and to be performed, therein, without resort to the conflict of law provisions or 
rules of New York or any other jurisdiction. The prevailing Party or Parties in any such action or 
proceeding shall be entitled to be reimbursed by the losing party for all reasonable costs and 
expenses incurred as a result thereof, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and 
disbursements. 
20. 
Conies 
All execution copies of this Agreement for Plaintiff and Jacqueline Mari shall be held and 
maintained exclusively at the offices of Jacqueline Mari, 16 East 98th Street, #7H, New York, 
NY 10029, and no execution copies, drafts or documents reflecting, in whole or in part, the 
provisions of this Agreement, or reproductions or copies (including, but not limited to, written, 
manually transcribed, facsimile, or electronic copies), in whole or in part, of such execution 
copies, drafts or documents, shall be held or maintained by either of them at any other location. 
Any and all such execution copies, drafts, and documents, and reproductions and copies thereof, 
in whole or in part, shall be deemed to be strictly confidential and subject to the provisions of 
Paragraphs 11 and 12 of this Agreement. The Parties agree that in the event of a breach of the 
provisions of this Paragraph 20, the actual damages may be significant but difficult to determine 
with certainty. Accordingly, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the non-
breaching Party or Parties shall be entitled, without the need to post a bond or other security, to 
an order, including, but not limited to, a temporary restraining order, enjoining such threatened 
breach or further breaches by the breaching Party or Parties and awarding reasonable attorneys' 
fees and costs incurred to enforce the provisions of this Paragraph 20, and such other relief as 
may be warranted by the facts and available at law or in equity. 
21. 
WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY 
THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST 
EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY 
ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED UPON 
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 
AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 
END OF DOCUMENT 
SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW 
EFTA00731224
--- PAGE 7 ---
Defendants' Draft of 10/7/09 
For Settlement Purposes Only 
Confidential & Inadmissible Under NY CPLR 4547, FRE 408 and Other Applicable Law 
IN 
WITNESS WHEREOF, the 
Parties have executed this SETTLEMENT 
AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE as of the date first written above. 
Dated: October 
2009 
AVA A.K.A. MAXIMILIA CORDERO 
Ava a.k.a. Maximilia Cordero 
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 
Notary Public 
Dated: October 
, 2009 
day of 
2009. 
JACQUELINE MARI 
Jacqueline Mari 
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 
day of 
2009. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00731225
--- PAGE 8 ---
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated: October 
, 2009 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 
Notary Public 
Dated: October 
, 2009 
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 
Notary Public 
Dated: October 
, 2009 
day of 
2009. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN AND CO. 
By: 
Title: 
day of 
2009. 
EAST 71 STREET CORPORATION 
By: 
Title: 
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 
day of 
2009. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00731226

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731227.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case: 3:10-cv-00034-CVG-RM Document #: 18 
Filed: 08/25/10 Page 1 of 5 
DISTRICT COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. and 
Juan Pablo Molyneux, 
Plaintiffs, 
) 
-against-
Jeffrey Epstein and 
L.S.J., LLC, 
Defendants. 
) 
DISTRICT COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS ) 
) ss: 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. CROIX 
) 
AFFIDAVIT OF 
ROSH D. ALGER 
IN OPPOSITION TO 
DEFENDANTS' 
MOTION TO DISMISS 
THE AMENDED 
COMPLAINT 
Case No. 3:10-cv-00034 
ROSH ALGER, attorney for Plaintiffs, being duly sworn, deposes and says: 
I. It is respectfully submitted that should this Court grant this motion to dismiss 
there is sufficient merit to this action, as will be discussed below, to warrant this 
Court granting leave to file and serve a Second Amended Complaint pursuant to 
FRCP Rule 15(a)(2). 
2. Plaintiff Juan Pablo Molyneux is a citizen of the State of New York. 
Plaintiff J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. is incorporated in the State of New York and 
maintains its principal place of business in the State of New York. Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein is a citizen of the Territory of the U.S. Virgin Islands. Upon 
information and belief, the remaining Defendant, L.S.J., LLC, is organized in the 
EFTA00731227
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case: 3:10-cv-00034-CVG-RM Document #: 18 
Filed: 08/25/10 Page 2 of 5 
State of Delaware and maintains its principal place of business within the U.S. 
Virgin Islands. 
3. This Court has original jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 
1332(a) because the amount in controversy exceeds $75,000, exclusive of costs, 
interest and disbursements, and the Plaintiffs and Defendants are citizens of 
different states. Venue is proper in this Court pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1391(a) and 
(c). 
4. The amount in controversy is at least $250,000 and thereby exceeds $75,000 
exclusive of costs, interest and disbursements. (In time sequence, the Settlement 
Agreement between the parties which will be discussed below, is Exhibit A, but 
Exhibit B, the Design Services Agreement, paragraph 8, page.2, sets forth the 
amount in controversy.) 
5. Juan Pablo Molyneux is a world-renowned interior designer. Jeffrey Epstein, via 
his company L.S.J., LLC, is the owner of Little Saint James, a 70 acre island 
within the U.S. Virgin Islands. In 2005, the parties entered into an agreement 
whereby the Plaintiffs would provide design services for the residential compound 
Epstein was constructing on Little Saint James. Subsequently, disputes arose 
between the parties with respect to the design services to be provided by 
Plaintiffs. 
6. On May 15, 2009, the parties entered into a Settlement Agreement, (Exhibit A, 
which is incorporated into the First Amended Complaint), whereby the 
Defendants released all claims they might have had against the Plaintiffs in 
exchange for $1.2 million. Following the Settlement Agreement, the parties 
entered into a written contract, also on May 15, 2009, entitled Agreement for 
Design Services (the "Design Services Agreement") (Exhibit B, which is 
incorporated into the First Amended Complaint), wherein the parties agreed that 
the Plaintiffs would perform certain design services related to the Office Pavilion 
EFTA00731228
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case: 3:10-cv-00034-CVG-RM Document #: 18 
Filed: 08/25/10 Page 3 of 5 
being constructed by Defendants on Little Saint James; that Plaintiffs would 
credit Defendants' account with Plaintiffs in the amount of $250,000 to be applied 
toward such services; and, were there a breach by Plaintiffs of any of the terms of 
the Design Services Agreement, then Plaintiffs "shall pay Epstein as liquidated 
damages $250,000...". (Design Services Agreement, page 2 paragraph 8) The 
specific services to be provided were itemized on Exhibit B to the Design 
Services Agreement (the "Exhibit B Services"). 
7. The Settlement Agreement specifically provided that the Design Services 
Agreement "shall not be treated as an inducement to the execution of the 
Settlement Agreement." Settlement Agreement, Exhibit A, paragraph 2. 
8. Subsequent to the execution of the Design Services Agreement, Plaintiffs, with 
the assistance of an internationally-known woodworking craftsman, undertook to 
and did perform the Exhibit B Services, with the exception of the restaining and 
refinishing of the wood cabinetry. 
On January 26 and 27, 2010, Plaintiffs 
travelled to Little Saint James to supervise the final stages of the work required by 
the Design Services Agreement.. It was agreed that Epstein would be present in 
order to give his approval of the work. Epstein, however, failed to attend this 
agreed meeting. 
9. On March 10, 2010, Defendants' agent created a Punch List cataloguing certain 
tasks remaining to be completed pursuant to the Design Services Agreement. On 
March 22, 2010, Plaintiffs again travelled to Little Saint James to meet with 
Epstein in an effort to finalize the work performed by Plaintiffs and their agents 
pursuant to the Design Services Agreement. Epstein again failed to attend the 
agreed meeting. 
In an effort to perform their obligations under the Design 
Services Agreement, Plaintiffs and their representatives, nevertheless, undertook 
to complete, and did complete, the Punch List items falling under the Design 
Services Agreement, except for the restaining and refinishing of the wood 
cabinetry. 
It was not possible to do the restaining and refinishing because 
EFTA00731229
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case: 3:10-cv-00034-CVG-RM Document 41: 18 
Filed: 08/25/10 Page 4 of 5 
Defendants failed to install a dehumidifier to counter-act condensation on the 
wood resulting from air conditioning. As early as February 2009, Defendants 
were advised that unless there was a dehumidifier the wood would be wet and 
could not be restained or refinished. 
10. On April 15, 2010, Defendants claimed that Plaintiffs had failed to perform their 
obligations pursuant to the Design Services Agreement and sent a Notice to Cure. 
(Exhibit C) In the Notice, Defendants' counsel also wrongly claimed that the 
Plaintiffs fraudulently induced Defendants to enter both the Settlement 
Agreement and the Design Services Agreement. In an effort to resolve the 
dispute, the parties communicated by and through counsel as well as directly, but 
were unable to resolve their differences as to the time for restaining and 
refinishing of the wood cabinetry and other items listed in Defendants' Notice to 
Cure. 
11. There are justiciable controversies with respect to the following issues: 
a. 
Whether the Plaintiffs substantially performed their duties as required 
by the Design Services Agreement and whether Plaintiffs are liable for 
liquidated damages in the amount of $250,000 to be paid to 
Defendants under paragraph 8, page 2 of the Design Services 
Agreement. 
b. 
Whether Defendants violated their duty of good faith and fair dealing 
under the Design Services Agreement by engaging in conduct that was 
inconsistent with the terms and purpose of that agreement and the 
reasonable expectations of the parties by, among other things: (a) 
wrongfully rejecting the Plaintiffs' work with respect to the Exhibit B 
Services; and (b) absenting themselves from the meetings between the 
parties which were held to resolve their differences, thereby interfering 
EFTA00731230
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case: 3:10-cv-00034-CVG-RM Document #: 18 
Filed: 08125)10 Page 5 of 5 
with and failing to cooperate with Plaintiffs in the performance of their 
obligations; and 
c. 
Whether, as alleged in Defendants' April 15, 2010 Notice to Cure, 
Plaintiffs fraudulently induced Defendants to enter the Settlement 
Agreement and the Design Services Agreement. 
12. A declaration of the rights among the parties is warranted pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 
2201. Defendants' motion should be denied. 
Dated: August 25, 2010 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 
5/ Rosh D. Alger 
Rosh D. Alger, Esq. 
Attorney for Plaintiffs J.P. Molyneux 
Studio, Ltd. and 
Juan Pablo Molyneux 
VI Bar No.932 
PMB 10 Royal Dane Mall #12 
St. Thomas. VI 00802 
Tel. 
Fax 
EFTA00731231

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731232.pdf
----------------------------------------
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
AND MILIATED PARTNERSHIPS 
601 Lexington Avenue 
New Yak, New Yak 10022 
Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C. 
To Call Writer Directly: 
(212) 4464970 
www.kindand.com 
October 26-,a 2010 
By E-mail and By Hand 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Jennifer Gaffney, Esq. 
Deputy Bureau Chief, Sex Crimes Unit 
New York District Attorney's Office 
One Hogan Place 
New York, NY 10013 
Patrick Egan, Esq. 
Assistant District Attorney, Sex Crimes Unit / Trial Bureau 40 
New York District Attorney's Office 
One Hogan Place 
New York, NY 10013 
Re: 
SORA Determination for Jeffrey E. Epstein, NYSID # OSI909, Supreme 
Court Case # 30129-2010 
Dear ADA Gaffney and ADA Egan: 
As you know, we represent Jeffrey E. Epstein, who is scheduled to appear in New York 
Supreme Court, Part 66, on Tuesday, November 9, 2010 for a hearing before the Honorable Ruth 
Pickholz pursuant to New York's Sex Offender Registration Act (SORA), Correction Law § 168 et 
seq.. 
To follow up feu our conversation in your office on October 13, and as you have 
requested, we are providing you with a select sampling of materials that we believe expose the 
stark contrast between the inflammatory, speculative case summary presented by the Board of 
Examiners in its recommendation for Mr. Epstein, and the actual evidence that exists concerning 
the alleged conduct for which New York seeks to require Mr. Epstein to register under SORA. We 
hope and expect that these materials will validate our position that Mr. Epstein should most 
appropriately be designated as a Level 1 offender. Not only is the Board's Level 3 
recommendation absurd, given that the offense triggering the registration requirement would most 
likely have been a non-registerable misdemeanor if committed in New York instead of Florida, 
but as laid bare by the attached sampling of transcript excerpts and other evidence, the Board's 
purported"calculation'-' is also unsupportable baseel-en-the-aeinal-evidenee-eoneerning-the 
Chicago 
Hong Kong 
London 
Los Angeles 
Munich 
Palo Alto 
San Francisco 
Shanghai 
Washington, D.C. 
EFTA00731232
--- PAGE 2 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Jennifer Gaffney, Esq. and Patrick Egan, Esq. 
October 265a 
2010 
Page 2 
ellegetiens-thet-tiefleppinned-MerEpstein1/2 -eenvietienunder the applicable "clear and 
convincing evidence" standard. 
First, as we attempted to explain during our meeting with you, the specific conduct which 
formed the basis of Mr. Epstein's conviction requiring registration under Florida law -- a 
conviction for Procuring a Person Under 18 for Prostitution, in violation of Fla. Stat. § 796.03i --
was a consensual arrangement in which Mr. Epstein received massages and engaged in sexual 
touching in exchange for money with M., a young woman who was over New York's age of 
consent when the offense cited in the Information allegedly occurred. And as made abundantly 
clear by the attached exceris rom M.'s November 8, 2005 interview with Palm Beach 
Detective Joseph Recarey, 
she-was certainly 17 by the time events "escalated" from 
massages to sexual conduct: 
• 
Exhibit A.
 Tr. 2:5-15 
stating that her date of birth is 
would have made her 
interviewed by Det. Recarey on November 8, 2005). 
when she was 
which 
• 
Exhibit A, 
Tr. 3:15-20 (Ell. stating that she first heard about Epstein from a friend 
"about a year ago"). 
• 
Exhibit A, 
Tr. 5:14-23 
(
M
.
stating that after meeting Epstein for the first time, she 
"didn't go again for about two months or so"). 
• 
Exhibit A, 
Tr. 6:13-22 (,
. telling Recarey that she saw Epstein approximately 15 
times in total, and "things escalated" as time went on). 
Furthermore, the record is undisputed that M. was at least 17 and over New York's age of 
consent during the one time that she engaged in consensual sexual intercourse with Mr. Epstein: 
• 
Exhibit A.
 Tr. 8:17-9:23 (M. stating that she engaged in sexual intercourse with 
Epstein only once, when she was nearly 18 years old). 
As previously noted, Jeffrey Epstein concurrently pleaded guilty to an Indictment charging him with one 
count of Felony Solicitation for Prostitution, Fla. Stat. § 796.07(2)(f), (4Xc), which is not a registerable offense under 
Florida or New York law. See Fla. Stat. § 943.0435; N.Y. Correction Law § I 68-a(2)(a). 
EFTA00731233
--- PAGE 3 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Jennifer Gaffney, Esq. and Patrick Egan, Esq. 
October 265a 2010 
Page 3 
• EibibitSIM  Tr. 15:12-17 (M. stating that all of her conduct with Epstein was 
consensual and that Epstein never used any force).2
• 
See also rxhibit B. Recarey Dep. 418:14-419:5 (Recarey testifying that M. told him in 
November 2005 that she had consensual sex with Epstein shortly before their interview, 
when M. was 17 and nearly 18). 
Moreover, contrary to a characterization in the Board of Examiner's Case Summary, 
M
.
was 
clear in her testimony that she voluntarily kissed "a female friend" 3 in front of Epstein when she 
was well over 17 and nearing her 18th birthday: 
• 
Exhibit A, 
Tr. 12:12-13:12 (M. stating the last time that she saw E stein -- which, 
based on testimon cited above, was the time they had sex --
and further statin that the one time she was with the female 
friend was shortly before th 
). 
All of this conduct involving M. would have constituted, at most, a non-registerabk 
misdemeanor if committed in New York instead of Florida. See P.L. § 230.04, McKinney 's Penal 
Law § 230.04 (2004).4 Because it cannot be proven by "clear and convincing evidence" (or 
indeed, by any credible evidence) that Mr. Epstein engaged in sexual conduct with M. 
specifically during the time that she was under 17, Mr. Epstein is not guilty of any registerable 
offense under New York law. See Correction Law § 168-a(2)(a)(i). 
A brief look at the evidence concerning •., 
another woman who appears to play a 
significant role in the Board's recommendation, similarly demonstrates that 
Det. Recarey mischaracterized M.'s claims to manufacture registerable conduct with respect to 
Notably, in a Probable Cause Affidavit which he signed under oath and filed with the court in order to obtain 
an arrest warrant for Jeffrey Epstein, Del. Recarey, in discussing allegations involving M., omitted the material fact 
that M. clearly stated that her decision to engage in intercourse with Epstein was consensual. 
Again, the transcript of M.'s interview with Det. Recarey reveals significant prejudicial inaccuracies in 
Recarey's Probable Cause Affidavit. For example, Recarey swore that M. claimed that Epstein had M. and the 
other female "kiss and fondle each other around the breasts and buttocks," whereas-. expressly denied that the 
female touched her buttocks or vagina at all, and instead noted only a "very brief' touch of her breasts that M. 
thought may have been "accidental." See a 
Tr. 10:25.11:25, 12:12-17. 
Significantly, the Florida charge to which Mr. Epstein pleaded guilty criminalizes the prostitution of a person 
who is under the age of 18 (i.e. 16 and 17 years old), see Fla. Stat. § 796.03, but under New York law, patronizing a 
prostitute is only a registerable offense where the prostitute is under the age of 17, whether under 2004 law or the 
broader scope of P.L. § 230.04 in effect today. See Correction Law § 168-a(2XaXi) (stating that Patronizing a 
Prostitute in the Third Degree, P.L. § 230.04, is a registerable offense "where the person patronized is in fact less than 
seventeen years of age"). 
EFTA00731234
--- PAGE 4 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Jennifer Gaffney, Esq. and Patrick Egan, Esq. 
October 26,r, 2010 
Page 4 
M. For example, M. could not provide firm or even approximate dates for her earliest 
interactions with Mr. Epstein: 
• 
Exhibit C, MI Tr. 2:24-27 (M. stating that her date of birth is 
which would have made her nearly 19 years old when she was interviewed by Det. Recarey 
on October 11, 2005). 
• 
Exhibit C,-
 Tr. 3:11-20 (M. estimating that her contact with Epstein lasted 
somewhere between a year and a half and two years). 
• 
Exhibit C, MI Tr. 4:12-23 (M. guessing about the timing of her first meeting with 
Epstein and stating that she does not know whether she was 16 or 17). 
• 
Exhibit Cal
 Tr. 11:42-12:4 (M. saying that she cannot keep track of specifically 
when different events with Epstein took place). 
While M. could not say with certainty when she first met and massaged Mr. Epstein, M. stated 
definitively and unambiguously that she was 17 years old during their single instance of brief 
sexual intercourse, when she claimed that Mr. Epstein momentarily penetrated her, before 
immediately withdrawing and apologizing, in the midst of other consensual sexual conduct: 
• 
Exhibit C, MI Tr. 17:21-33 (M. saying that she was "definitely" 17 when she had sex 
with Epstein, but that she could not recall the specific date of when that took place). 
• 
See also Exhibit B.  Recarey Dep. 407:4-411:9 (Recarey testifying that he understood that 
M. was 17 or 18 during the momentary "sex," for which she could provide no specific 
date). 
In addition to establishing that M. was 17 during her interactions with Mr. Epstein (and 
therefore, Mr. Epstein's conduct toward her is not reportable), M.'s statements to Recarey 
further reveal that M. viewed her interactions with Mr. 
stein (both sexual and non-sexual), as 
well as her sexual interactions with a female named ' 
," as consensual and entirely 
self-interested: 
• 
Exhibit C, M 
Tr. 15:1-21 (M. telling Recarey that Epstein would pay her money to 
spend time with him, relax by the pool, and eat meals, without any sexual activity, and she 
did that to get paid). 
• 
Exhibit C, MI Tr. 20:13-20 (M. describing that she would not let Epstein touch her 
unless he paid her an extra one hundred or two hundred dollars). 
EFTA00731235
--- PAGE 5 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Jennifer Gaffney, Esq. and Patrick Egan, Esq. 
October 265a 2010 
Page 5 
• Fxhibit C.
 Tr. 19:13-23 
. describing how she made the choice on her own to 
shop with another female (") 
to buy sex toys for Epstein). 
• 
rxhibit C. 
Tr. 20:35- 46 (M. describing how she and 
once decided on their 
own to buy sex toys and engage in sex with each other as a "birthday gift" to Epstein). 
• 
Exhibit C. 
Tr. 13:28-41 (M. stating that even after speaking to police, she "didn't 
want to burn [her] bridges" with Epstein because she viewed him as a "spectacular 
connection" and she used him for money and other benefits). 
• 
Exhibit C, 
Tr. 27:12-27 (M. stating that she acted "crazy, promiscuous, whatever 
you want to call it," in order to receive money and gifts from Epstein). 
The enclosed excerpts should make clear that M. -- inaccurately described in the Board's 
recommendation as the "16-year old victim" who went to Epstein's home "at least 100 times" --
was not, in fact, a victim of any reportable criminal conduct by Jeffrey Epstein, but rather, was an 
opportunistic young woman who, at 17 and 18 years of age, repeatedly made conscious decisions 
to engage in promiscuous behavior that she believed was entirely in her own self-interest. Indeed, 
other evidence demonstrates that M. regularly acted in her own self-interest. M. only agreed to 
speak to police about Jeffrey Epstein following her own September 2005 arrest for marijuana 
possession in an attempt to curry favor with law enforcement officials: 
• 
Exhibit D,  Palm Beach Police Report #1-05-001263, fo 
(Sept. II, 2005). 
Furthermore, shortly after speaking to police, 
. was terminated from a job 
as a result of stealing merchandise from 
and another store: 
• 
I
In short, S 
was not a victim of Jeffrey Epstein, and accordingly, Mr. Epstein's conduct 
involving 
. should not factor into the SORA assessment at all. 
In fact, transcripts of police interviews with numerous other women who are cited in the 
police reports and in the Recarey Probable Cause Affidavit reveal numerous other troubling 
inaccuracies and exaggerations in the police paperwork on which the Board apparently blindly 
relied in reaching its unsupportable Level 3 recommendation. The following are just a few 
examples of several such egregious misstatements and material omissions in the police paperwork: 
• Exhibit±,A= Tr. 11:25-12:21 (M., who introduced Epstein to several women, 
telling police that Epstein liked girls who were "between the ages of like 18 and 20" -- a 
EFTA00731236
--- PAGE 6 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Jennifer Gaffney, Esq. and Patrick Egan, Esq. 
October 265a 2010 
Page 6 
qualification that appears to have been deliberate) omitted from Recarey's statement in 
the Probable Cause Affidavit that Epstein told M., "The younger, the better"). 
• pxhihit G, 
Tr. 5:18-23, 11:6-22 (17-year-old woman stating to police that Epstein 
did not touch her inappropriately, did not try to touch her, and did not masturbate while she 
gave him a massage, despite allegations in the Recarey Probable Cause Affidavit that 
Epstein "grabbed her buttocks and pulled her close to him"). 
• 
Exhibit H. 
Tr. 2:25-3:12, 18:7-20 (woman stating that she was 17 when she first 
met Epstein and telling police that Epstein never used any sex toys on her and enly-touched 
her vagina-with his bend ands fss nnnosed to "snmethinr else"L refuting a claim in the 
Recarey Probable Cause Affidavit that "on occasion, Epstein would use a 
massager/vibrator on her"). 
• 
Exhibit I, 
Tr. 12:6-12 (woman telling police that she was 17 when she first met 
Epstein, in contradiction to the Recarey Probable Cause Affidavit which states that this 
same woman was only 16 when she first met Epstein) 
Exhibits
Tr. 4:10-11, 11:4-7 (woman statin that her date of birth is 
hich would have made her 
Id during her sole contact with
Epstein in November 2004, and testifying that her interaction with Epstein was entirely 
consensual, despite claim in the Recarey Probable Cause Affidavit that she had "just turned 
seventeen" and suggestion that she was coerced or tricked into interacting with Epstein). 
• Exhibit K. 
Tr. 3:18-4:1, 5:6-15 (clarifying that woman was 19 or 20 years old 
during her sole encounter with Epstein, and therefore, any sexual conduct with him 
described in the police report and Recarey Probable Cause Affidavit should not be scored 
under SORA and was not even criminal or reportable under the applicable Florida law). 
In fact, in a deposition, Det. Recarey himself acknowledged that there were certain other 
damning allegations contained in his police reports that he failed to correct, to the detriment of Mr. 
Epstein: 
• Exhibit B,  Recarey Dep. 423:1-425:17 (Recarey testifying that he knew that Epstein had 
purchased covert cameras near his desk on the first-floor of his Palm Beach home 
following a burglary in 2003, a fact that Recarey failed to mention in his police report when 
noting that Recarey "found" a covert camera located in that very location). 
EFTA00731237
--- PAGE 7 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Jennifer Gaffney, Esq. and Patrick Egan, Esq. 
October 265a 2010 
Page 7 
• 
Exhibit Bs  Recarey Dep. 458:8-460:18 (Recarey testifying that he knew that certain 
objects recovered from Epstein's garbage, which had been incorrectly identified as "anal 
wands," were in fact broken eating utensils (not sex toys), and noting that he made no 
amendment in his police report to reflect that correction). 
Recarey also admitted in his deposition that the prosecutor handling the Epstein matter, whom 
Recarey acknowledged to be an experienced prosecutor specializing in sex crimes cases involving 
children, expressed her view to Recarey that, "There are no real victims here." 
• 
Exhibit B,  Recarey Dep. 484:21-485:13 (Recarey conceding that the Florida prosecutor 
handling the Epstein case told Recarey that there were no victims in this case). 
• 
Exhibit B,  Recarey Dep. 506:18-507:21 (Recarey acknowledging that the Florida 
prosecutor handling the Epstein case had been with the State Attorney's office for 
approximately twenty years and specialized in sex crimes cases involving underage 
children)!
Indeed, the state prosecutor herself investigated and evaluated the allegations of the numerous 
women cited in Det. Recarey's 86-page police report and apparently discounted most of them, 
determining that the only charge that could be indicted was one count of Felony Solicitation for 
Prostitution, Fla. Stat. § 796.07 (which, as previously noted, is not a registerable offense under 
Florida law, see Fla. Stat. § 943.0435). No charge of rape or sexual contact with a minor was ever 
prosecuted in connection with any allegations made against Jeffrey Epstein, a fact that, in itself and 
by the terms of the SORA Guidelines, is compelling evidence that such offenses did not occur. See 
Sex Offender Registration Act: Risk Assessment Guidelines and Commentary, Commentary 
(2006) at 5, ¶ 7. Accordingly, Jeffrey Epstein should not be scored for such alleged conduct that 
was squarely rejected by the prosecutor and/or grand jury. 
The evidence also makes abundantly clear that Jeffrey Epstein did not know that certain of 
the woman whom he hired to give him massages were underage, due in large part to the fact that 
these women lied outright and sought to deceive Mr. Epstein about their ages: 
• 
Exhibit F. 
Tr. 12:13-21 (M. telling police that she lied to Epstein and told him 
that she was 18 when she was only 17, and further reporting to police that "most of the girls 
lied" to Epstein about their ages). 
• 
Exhibit J, 
Dep. 15:25-17:2 (woman testifying that she was told by 
that she 
had to be over 18 to massage Epstein, so she lied and claimed to be 19 because she wanted 
to make money). 
EFTA00731238
--- PAGE 8 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Jennifer Gaffney, Esq. and Patrick Egan, Esq. 
October 265a 
2010 
Page 8 
• 
Exhibit G, 
Tr. 5:5-8 (woman telling police that Epstein did not know her age). 
• Exhibitsa 
Tr. 38:21-39:18 M. telling police that she told Epstein that she was 
and in twelfth grade because M. told her that Epstein would not allow her in his house 
if she was under 18). 
• 
Exhibit M, 
Dep. 32:17-19, 35:19-38:7 (M. testifying that she was told that 
Epstein would not allow her into his house if she was under 18, and so she lied to Epstein 
and told him that she was 18 and went to Wellingtenr  net4igha different school). 
• 
Exhibit
 Dep. 6:11-20, 7:24-8:8 (woman testifying that she was instructed to tell 
Epstein that she was 18 if she wanted to give him a massage for money, and since she had 
a fake ID she decided to go). 
• 
Exhibit
 Tr. 13:16-22 (woman telling police that Epstein never knew her age, but 
she was instructed to tell Epstein that she was 18 because women had to be a certain age to 
massage him). 
In fact, E., theiole 14-year-old cited in the Board's write-up, had a history of lying about her age 
and representing herself to be much older than she was, and engaging in sexual activity while 
underage: 
• 
Exhibit
 P. 
P 
MySpace Page (shewi  
rtr in 
t be age-of 18 in March 2006, 
when she was actually 15, and exhibiting 
. posing forin suggestivel sexually- graphic 
photos). 
• 
Exhibit M. 
Dep. 68:12-69:18 (M. testifying that she lied about being 18 on her 
MySpace page). 
• 
Exhibit M. 
Dep. 108:7-110:1 (M. acknowledging that she was in a sexual 
relationship with a 22-year-old firefighter while she was still underage). 
• 
Exhibit M, 
Dep. 121:3-21 (M. admitted that she was sexually active when 
she was 14, before she ever met Epstein). 
This evidence represents just a small sampling of the materials generated during the lengthy 
investigation and prosecution of Jeffrey Epstein (as well asAlithig the case's aftermath), but we 
believe it exposes the allegations cited in the Board's case summary as being unsubstantiated and 
utterly unreliable. The glaring discrepancies between the accounts of various women and the 
EFTA00731239
--- PAGE 9 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Jennifer Gaffney, Esq. and Patrick Egan, Esq. 
October 265a 2010 
Page 9 
ehafttetefizatiemischaracterfratiott of their claims in the police paperwork, the lack of reliable 
evidence that certain women were underage at the time of their encounters with Mr. Epstein, and 
the questionable credibility and self-interest of many of the women cited all support the conclusion 
of the Palm Beach prosecutor that there were no victims here. Moreover, these facts cannot 
support by "clear and convincing evidence" the grossly inflated SORA risk assessment 
calculation offered by the Board. For all of the reasons set forth herein and in our letter of October 
II, 2010, therefore, we ask you to reject the Board's recommendation outright and advocate for a 
more reasonable Level 1 designation, in line with what several other jurisdictions have already 
done. 
Finally, on a separate but related point, we note that upon further consideration and 
investigation, our current view is that Jeffrey Epstein should not be required to register in New 
York at all.5 Mr. Epstein maintains his primary residence in the U.S. Virgin Islands and does not 
actually live, work, or attend school in New York, the three measures which determine whether 
someone needs to register under SORA. See Corrections Law § 168-a(14), (15), § 168-k. Indeed, 
the New York State Department of Taxation has not recognized Mr. Epstein as a domiciliary of 
New York since 1992, despite the fact that he has evette4maintained a vacation home in New 
York since that time: {double-eheekf 
• 
Exhibit Q, State of New York Department of Taxation and Finance, 3/1/1996 
Statement of Personal Income Tax Audit Changes, at 1. 
Mr. Epstein has already registered as a sex offender in the jurisdiction of his residence -- the U.S. 
Virgin Islands. And the other states where he owns secondary residences -- Florida (the state of his 
offense) and New Mexico -- de aet-ree, •
subject to that jurisdiction's lowest reporting obligations or that he is not required to register at 
all. Yet even in New Mexico, where he is not required to register, given-the,shost-temperary 
violtsgte-makes-te-those-statesr ihettgh Mr. Epstein has chosen to maintain his registration-in 
those-states, again, to ensure his compliance with federal law. As-pre*iessly-detailedr  all-ef these 
tioder-the-state1/2 -sex-effender--vegistFatien-sehenter Because it is our view that Jeffrey Epstein 
should not be required to register in New York at all, given theshort temporary_visitsizeinakes_to 
the state, should he be designated as anything other than a Level 1 offender, we would likely be 
Of course, as we discussed in our meeting, Jeffrey Epstein intends to register in New York under SORA, 
whether required to or not, in order to ensure his compliance with the federal Sexual Offender Registration and 
Notification Act (SORNA), 42 U.S.C.A. § 16901 et seq., and indeed, he has voluntarily been registered with the 
Sex Offender Monitoring Unit (SOMU) since May 20, 2010. 
EFTA00731240
--- PAGE 10 ---
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Jennifer Gaffney, Esq. and Patrick Egan, Esq. 
October 265a 2010 
Page 10 
compelled to challenge the initial determination of the Board concerning his obligation to register 
in New York in  the first instance inky filing an Article 78 proceeding. 
Thank you again for meeting with us two weeks ago and for giving us the opportunity to 
provide you with these materials. We hope that these excerpts and other documents have 
demonstrated to you that the Board's recommendation was based on a-hasty-melon imprecise 
analysis of a flawed presentation of allegations. The evidence that we have presented reveals that 
the Board failed to scrutinize, or even consider individually, the allegations contained in the police 
reports, and as a consequence, the Board came up with a recommendation that deviates 
dramatically from the findings of the prosecutor who investigated and evaluated this case, as well 
as every other jurisdiction that has considered Mr. Epstein's registration obligations. For all of 
these reasons, we ask you to reject the ifratiencilunfounded recommendation of the Board of 
Examiners which cannot be supported by clear and convincing evidence, and instead, defer to 
the discretion of the states that have a more direct nexus to Mr. Epstein and his offense by 
designating Epstein as a Level 1 under SORA. 
We are happy to meet again or schedule a call should you require additional information or 
wish to discuss this matter further. In any event, we look forward to speaking with you about this 
matter and your position on the SORA hearing in advance of our scheduled court date on 
November 9th. 
Sincerely, 
Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C. 
Sandra Lynn Musumeci 
JPL,/slm 
Attachments 
EFTA00731241

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731242.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731242.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
APPELLATE DIVISION - FIRST DEPARTMENT 
AVA aka MAXIMILIA CORDERO, 
Plaintiff-Appellant, 
- against -
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, VICTORIA'S SECRET STORES 
BRAND MANAGEMENT, INC. AKA VICTORIA'S 
SECRET, LESLIE WEXNER, NINE EAST 71 STREET 
CORPORATION, JEFFREY EPSTEIN AND CO., 
Defendants-Respondents. 
New York County 
Index No. 113903/07 
STIPULATION OF WITHDRAWAL 
Plaintiff-Appellant and Defendants-Respondents, through their undersigned counsel, hereby 
stipulate that the above-captioned appeal scheduled for the December Term and all pending 
motions associated with the above-captioned appeal, including but not limited to the Motion to 
Vacate returnable on September 28, 2009, are withdrawn, with prejudice, with each party to bear 
its own costs and fees. 
Dated: October 
2009 
New York, New York 
KIRICLAND & ELLIS LLP 
Attorneys for Defendants-Respondents 
Jeffrey Epstein, Nine East and Jeffi-ey 
Epstein and Co. 
601 Lexington Avenue 
4611 
By:  
Mindy Yu 
JACQUELINE MARI 
Attorney for PlaintiffAppellant Ava a.k.a. 
Maximilia Corder° 
East 98th Street, Suite 7F 
By:  
Jacqueline Mari 
EFTA00731242
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00731243

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731244.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731244.pdf
----------------------------------------
Policies and Protocol for Possession of Firearms and 
Ammunition by Security Staff 
July 2009. 
1. 
Purpose 
The purpose of the Policies and Protocol for Possession of Firearms and 
Ammunition by Security Staff ("the Policies") is to inform security officers either 
directly or indirectly employed to secure the person or property of Jeffrey Epstein 
that: 
1.1 
Mr. Epstein is a convicted felon, having been convicted in the State of 
Florida of violation of Florida Statues §796.03 (2nd degree felony) and 
§796.07(4)(c) (3'd degree felony). 
1.2 
It is a Class C federal crime for a convicted felon to knowingly possess a 
firearm or ammunition. 18 U.S.C. §922(g)(1). 
1.3 
It is the responsibility of all security officers to be in complete control of his 
or her firearms and ammunition at all times. To have complete control of 
his or her firearms and ammunition the security officer must have 
exclusive, physical possession of the firearm and ammunition, or the 
firearm and ammunition must be stored by the security officer according to 
the procedures set forth in section 4. 
2. 
Permits, Licenses & Fees 
2.1 
The security officer is to ensure that he or she is in valid, current, 
possession of all permits, licenses and certificates necessary to possess 
and or carry all firearms and ammunition in his or her possession. 
2.2 
The security officer is responsible that all fees associated with all permits, 
licenses and certificate are kept current. As a condition of employment, 
the security officer may be reimbursed by Mr. Epstein for these fees. 
2.3 
The security officer is required to maintain on his or her person any 
permit, license or certificate which may be requested by law enforcement 
when carrying a firearm. 
2.4 
The security officer is to handle, carry, use, and store his or her firearm in 
conformity with all permit, license, certificate and government regulations. 
EFTA00731244
--- PAGE 2 ---
3. 
Possession of a Firearm and/or Ammunition 
3.1 
All security officers employed either directly or indirectly to secure the 
person or property of Mr. Epstein, who will possess a firearm and or 
ammunition during the course of his or her employment in this capacity, 
shall read the Policies contained herein, and affirm and sign that he or 
she understands the Policies agrees to abide by these Policies. 
3.2 
[All security officers who possess a firearm and or ammunition during the 
course of his or her employment as a security officer to Jeffrey Epstein 
shall provide 
, Mr. Epstein's designated 
representative or counsel to Mr. Epstein, with the serial number of the 
firearm, a copy of his or her licenses, permits, or certificates to hold the 
firearm, and a description of all ammunition.] 
3.3 
All armed security officers shall always secure their firearms and 
ammunition in a manner that demonstrates that they have complete 
control over them. To do so the security officer shall: 
(a). 
secure the firearm so that Mr. Epstein cannot access it, and, to the 
extent practicable, not disclose where, when, and how the firearm 
or ammunition is secured; 
(b). 
always be in sole exclusive custody of his or her firearm or 
ammunition, that is, the security officer shall never allow Mr. 
Epstein to touch, store, move, examine, clean, or handle the 
firearm or ammunition; 
( c). 
notwithstanding the above, the security officers may notify Mr. 
Epstein of the fact that they are armed or that the firearms and 
ammunition are secured in compliance with these policies. 
3.4 
The security officer shall not share control of his or her firearm or 
ammunition with any other person. The security officer shall not give his 
or her firearm or ammunition to anyone else while employed to secure the 
person or property of Mr. Epstein. 
3.5 
The security officer shall maintain complete control over his or her firearm 
and ammunition, even when he or she is accompanying Mr. Epstein in a 
vehicle, boat, ship, or aircraft. 
3.6 
The security officer shall never depart or leave Mr. Epstein's physical 
presence, of any property of Mr. Epstein such as a residence, apartment, 
boat, ship, aircraft, or vehicle and leave behind unattended or un-secured 
EFTA00731245
--- PAGE 3 ---
any firearms or ammunition. All firearms and or ammunition must 
always be either in the physical possession of the security officer, 
who has complete control of the firearm or ammunition, or stored 
and secured according to the rules set forth for storage below. 
3. 
Securing Firearms and Ammunition 
3.1 
The security officer assumes responsibility as the custodian of all firearms 
and ammunition in his or her possession. 
3.2 
The security officer shall store the firearm in a locked container, cabinet, 
apparatus, device, storage room, or closet to which Mr. Epstein does not 
have the key, combination, or other access mechanism. 
3.4 
The security officer will comply with all applicable State laws governing 
firearms storage. 
I swear or affirm that I have read the above Policies and Protocol for Possession of 
Firearms and Ammunition by Security Staff ("Policies"), and that I understand the Policies. 
I agree to comply with the Policies at all times during my service as an armed security 
officer to Jeffrey Epstein. I acknowledge that I am aware that Jeffrey Epstein is a convicted 
felon. I agree to maintain complete control of all firearms and ammunition that are in my 
physical possession. 
I further agree that I will store and secure all firearms and 
ammunition according to the rules set forth in these Policies. 
Date 
By: 
EFTA00731246

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731247.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM 
Document 101 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05)28:2009 
Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
NO. 08-80811-CIV-MARla 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendants. 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon Plaintiff's Motion to Strike Defendant's Reply to 
the Motion to Dismiss (DE 89) and the Motion for Leave to file Brief as Amicus Curiae (DE 63). 
The Court has carefully reviewed the motions, responses, and replies where filed, and is 
otherwise fully advised in the premises. It is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: 
Plaintiff's Motion to Strike Defendant's Reply to the Motion to Dismiss (DE 89) and the 
Motion for Leave to file Brief as Amicus Curiae (DE 63) are DENIED. Issues regarding the 
minimum amount of damages available to Plaintiff under 18 U.S.C. § 2255 do not affect whether 
Plaintiff has stated a claim and are not appropriate for a motion to dismiss. These damages 
issues will be resolved at summary judgment or trial. Moreover, there are no statutory limits on 
the amount of damages Plaintiff can seek on her state law claims. Hence, the Court's failure 
EFTA00731247
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM 
Document 101 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/28:2009 
Page 2 of 2 
to prematurely resolve this issue should not affect settlement negotiations. See DE 98. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 28ih day of May, 2009. 
Copies furnished to: 
all counsel of record 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
EFTA00731248

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731249.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
email: 
January 29, 2010 
YlAEMAIL
lla 
and First Class Mail 
Jay Goldberg, Esq. 
Elizabeth Hill, Esq. 
250 Park Avenue 
Suite 2020 
New York, New York 10177 
Re: 
Agreement for Design Services dated May 15, 2009 ("Design 
Services Agreement") by and among Juan Pablo Molyneux, J.P. 
Molyneux Studio, Ltd. (collectively, "Molyneux"), L.S.J., LLC 
{"LSJ") and Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"). 
Dear Jay and Elizabeth: 
I write in response to Elizabeth's several emails of today's date. 
One day after Mr. Epstein agreed to the April 15, 2010 extension, the 
finishers left St. Thomas without a word to anyone or even a completion schedule 
for the proper refinishing of the cabinetry. Mr. Molyneux never said anything to Mr. 
Epstein about this when they agreed to the extension. As you know, refinishing the 
cabinetry was clearly included in Exhibit B of the Agreement for Design Services as 
one of the items Mr. Molyneux is required to cause to be properly completed at no 
additional cost or expense to Mr. Epstein. As of today's date, that requirement has 
not been satisfied. 
Moreover, Mr. Epstein has not agreed to the elimination of the guest desk 
chair also required to be provided by Mr. Molyneux pursuant to Exhibit B. Please 
send me a countersigned copy of the Mr. Epstein's January 27, 2010 letter 
confirming only Mr. Epstein's and Mr. Molyneux's agreement to the April 15, 2010 
extension. 
Furthermore, as of today's date, the requirement in the Agreement for Design 
Services that the Office Pavilion be completed to Mr. Epstein's reasonable 
EFTA00731249
--- PAGE 2 ---
satisfaction has not been satisfied as much work remains in order for that to occur. 
By way of example only, in addition to, among other things, Mr. Molyneux 
outstanding obligation to refinish of the cabinetry, the side office in the Office 
Pavilion is currently nothing but four blank walls; absolutely nothing has been done 
to complete this portion of the Office Pavilion. 
In accordance with the Agreement to extend the deadline until April 15, 
2010, Mr. Epstein will not now declare Mr. Molyneux to be in breach of his 
obligations under the Agreement for Design Services and seek to recover the 
$250,000 of damages to which Mr. Epstein would be entitled in the event of such a 
breach. However, this letter constitutes notice to Mr. Molyneux of his unfulfilled 
obligations under the Agreement for Design Services and a request that he take 
immediate steps to ensure that no breach will occur. In connection therewith, we 
request that Mr. Molyneux immediately—provide Mr. Epstein with a detailed 
schedule no later than feb 3  for refinishing the cabinetrycbefece4he-entendedappil 
4S-deadline-and contact Mr. Epstein to review and resolve all other items required 
to satisfy Mr. Molyneux's contractual obligations relating to the Office Pavilion. 
Sincerely, 
Darren K Indyke 
EFTA00731250

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731251.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Jay: 
This letter is for the purpose of settlement discussions only. This letter and 
all statements made herein shall be subject to all of the protections available under 
Virgin Islands law, Rule 408 of the Federal Rules of Evidence and any other rules 
and/or privileges applicable to settlement discussions and communications, and 
shall not be admissible for any purposes in any litigation or other proceedings 
involving any of Mr. Epstein, L.S.J., LLC, Juan Pablo Molyneux or J.P. Molyneux Studio, 
Ltd., among others. Please be advised that nothing provided by this letter is 
intended or should be construed as a waiver by my clients of any rights they may 
have, including, without limitation, any rights, claims or defenses under the 
Agreement for Design Services or the Settlement Agreement between our respective 
clients, all of which are hereby expressly reserved. 
There are numerous uncorrectable issues relating to the Office Pavilion, 
which remains unfinished almost a full year after the parties entered into their 
settlement agreement and more than four years after Mr. Molyneux began working 
on this project Moreover, it is now clear that Mr. Molyneux induced my clients to 
enter into that settlement agreement through continuing fraudulent 
misrepresentations and omissions, as a result of which the settlement agreement is 
clearly voidable by my clients. Under the circumstances, engaging in negotiations 
with your clients over a punch list of items which we now understand could not be 
adequately corrected in the first place is a pointless exercise. Instead, I provide 
below several examples of serious misconduct by your clients that would provide 
ample grounds for legal action by Mr. Epstein and L.S.J., LLC. 
During the course of numerous discussions and in-person meetings with Mr. 
Epstein beginning in July 2005, Mr. Molyneux made numerous and repeated 
misrepresentations to Mr. Epstein. Mr. Molyneux misrepresented that he was an 
"architect". He further misrepresented that he and his firm had the extensive 
knowledge, skill and experience to provide comprehensive building design, interior 
design, hard landscape design, interior architecture and planning services for the 
development of the large-scale multi-structure, high-end residential structures 
proposed to be built on Little St. James Island. Mr. Molyneux bolstered these 
misrepresentations, among other things, with false claims regarding high-end 
residential architectural work he purportedly had performed for Mr. and Mrs. Paul 
Desmarais for their residence in Canada. 
In fact, as an example of the residential architectural services Mr. Molyneux 
represented he and his firm would perform for Mr. Epstein, Mr. Molyneux provided 
Mr. Epstein with a copy of an agreement extensively detailing the architectural 
services claimed to have been provided by him and his firm to the Desmarais family. 
However, neither Mr. Molyneux nor his firm provided such services,The 
afehfteetufal-wek-fer-the-Descnafais-heme-was4etually-previtiletl-by-a-member•-ef 
decorating services for that project. 
EFTA00731251
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unfortunaelty . As I believe you know, Mr. Molyneux's has a history of 
misrepresenting his and his firm's architectural capabilities and expertise. This has 
been corroborated by Mr. John Saca in his complaint against Mr. Molyneux and M. 
Molyneux Studio brought in the United States District Court for the Eastern District 
of California. In that complaint, Mr. Saca describes a pattern of fraudulent and 
deceitful conduct by Mr. Molyneux which is nearly identical to the misconduct 
engaged in by Mr. Molyneux in this case. We believe Mr Sara will gladly provide 
cooraborating statement upon being deposed. 
In that case, Mr. Molyneux represented himself as an architect, and claimed 
that he and his firm had substantial experience in providing comprehensive 
architectural services for large residential properties. As in Mr. Epstein's case, Mr. 
Molyneux provided to Mr. Saca what he claimed to be samples of other high-end 
residential architectural and design work, and claimed that he would deliver to Mr. 
Saca comprehensive blueprints of architectural and design drawings with extensive 
detail sufficient to construct Mr. Saca's home and obtain a building permit for the 
same. Mr. Molyneux promised to complete the initial design and subsequent 
architectural plans within seven months, but in more than 17 months' time, and 
after receiving $250,000 of payments from Mr. Saca, Mr. Molyneux produced 
nothing but wholly deficient plans. These plans were rejected three consecutive 
times by the local building authorities as being deficient in detail to properly 
construct the residence or obtain the building permit for the same. Among the 118 
deficiencies initially cited, were that the plans did not completely dimension the 
rooms, did not show windows and door sizes and types and did not specify the 
ceiling heights of all the rooms. 
Similarly, in Mr. Epstein's case, Mr. Molyneux initially promised Mr. Epstein 
that Mr. Molyneux would provide comprehensive architectural and design work for 
the entire project, consisting of the existing compound, a main house, a library 
building, a mechanical building, the office pavilion and several other structures, so 
that construction of the entire project would be completed in not more than five 
years. However, in the more than three years that followed leading up to our May 
2009 settlement talks, Mr. Molyneux failed to provide anything that was usable. In 
fact, despite payments to Mr. Molyneux of over $4 Million, only two structures from 
that project, the office pavilion and the mechanical building, are currently under 
construction, and neither of them are complete. As to both of those structures, 
despite Mr. Molyneux's agreement to provide engineering drawings as part of Mr. 
Molyneux's $80,000 per month fee, at Mr. Molyneux's direction, in order to move the 
project forward, Mr. Epstein had no choice but to pay the Maguire firm well over 
$700,000 to provide those very same services. 
As with the Saca case, the work actually provided by Mr. Molyneux's firm 
demonstrated total incompetence and was completely unusable. Mr. Molyneux's 
plans were entirely efit-ef-seale-attel-ineensist-esvith-Sures-errhiele 
useless . as he had no knowledge of the builkding code nor did he seek the 
EFTA00731252
--- PAGE 3 ---
knowledge of the local authorities. St James Island; existing floor elevations in his 
plans did not match up, roof heights did not match up and Mr. Molyneux's designs 
called for inappr-epriate-graml-staircases leading to nowherc. In additienr  his 
. As but one typical example of 
Mr. Molyneux's astonishing incompetency, Mr. Molyneux delivered to Mr. Epstein 
plans that were dimensioned totally improperly, apologized over and over, but in 
the end and-he-could provide no explanation to Mr. Epstein why, among other 
things, those plans depicted a sunken bathtub hanging from the ceiling of the 
structure that he had supposedly  designed. Mr. Molyneux's former employees are 
willing to -confirm this. 
As you know, the one building for which Mr. Molyneux performed any 
significant services is the office pavilion. In performing these services, however, Mr. 
Molyneux has continuously engaged in pattern of deceit and other misconduct, 
particularly in relation to the library cabinets for the office pavilion. As the 
extensive email traffic between Mr. Epstein and Mr. Molyneux will show, from the 
beginning of this relationship, Mr. Epstein has been very specific with Mr. Molyneux 
regarding the look, proportions and finish of that cabinetry, and Mr. Molyneux has 
continually deceived Mr. Epstein regarding the same, frustrating every attempt by 
Mr. Epstein to achieve the required result The cabinetry was to be an exact copy of 
cabinetry from the library in El Escorial, the historic residence of the King of Spain. 
More than two years ago, when Mr. Molyneux met with Mr. Epstein in Paris to view 
a proposed sample of the reproduction of the cabinetry, Mr. Epstein observed that 
the proportions of the sample were terrible and Mr. Epstein immediately 
complained to Mr. Molyneux about this. Mr. Molyneux had specifically represented 
that he would send his own people to Spain to measure the exact dimensions of the 
original cabinetry in El Escorial and to copy those dimensions exactly, but, 
obviously, he never did so. 
Mr. Molyneux also represented to Mr. Epstein that the cabinetry was to be 
fabricated in France by French carpentersraml-
assemb15% 
When it came time to view the cabinets. he clained that they had to be driven to italy 
to be put together. —T-his-t-oe-dkl-net-eaet-py-was-fabr-ic-at 
by-Itallan-c-afpentersr The statements of people with knowledge of what has 
happened . will confirm that this was also a lie.  The utter lack of craftsmanship in 
the cabinetry erected on Little St James speaks volumes regarding Mr. Molyneux's 
unilateral decision to disregard his agreement with Mr. Epstein to have the 
cabinetry made in France. Though Fanceli's installers have been to the Island two 
times to correct numerous defects in the fabrication of the cabinetry, the number 
and extent of the defects that remain is shocking and cannot be addressed by a 
simple punch list The photos that were previously sent . will be an exhibit . I attach 
ones taken yesterday for your review. The claim that these are high quality finished 
cabinets for three quarters of a million dollars will be clear for all to see.  For 
example, what were supposed to be tortoise shell inlays in the cabinets are nothing 
more than painted plastic. Instead of materials with a refined antique appearance 
EFTA00731253
--- PAGE 4 ---
duplicating the cabinetry in El Escorial, the cabinets are built of rough and splintery 
wood, and have unsanded and unfinished decorative holes with carpenters guides 
still evident. Wood animal sculptures applied to the cabinetry that were supposed 
to be elegantly designed and appear aged are nothing but rough and simplistic 
carvings, newly applied to the wood as an afterthought. These are but few examples 
of the pervasive fabrication defects in this centerpiece of the multi-million dollar 
office pavilion. 
From the very beginning when Mr. Epstein viewed that original cabinetry 
sample in Paris, Mr. Epstein was adamant that the cabinetry needed to be dark 
stained walnut consistent with the original cabinetry in the El Escorial library and as 
originally rendered by Mr. Molyneux. In fact, the original purchase order for the 
cabinetry calls for stained walnut with a wax finish. The delivered cabinetry is light 
oak (unduly susceptible to terminate destruction and completely inappropriate for 
the locale), contrary to both the original purchase order and the original rendering, 
and looks nothing like the cabinetry in El Escorial. Time and again, Mr. Epstein 
requested photos of the finished cabinetry pieces to ensure that the work would 
conform to these specific requirements, but Mr. Molyneux refused in an email  to 
allow anyone else to take photos of the cabinets, claiming that Mr. Molyneux must 
go to Italy himself to photograph the finished cabinetry. When Doug Schoettle 
traveled to Pisa to view the cabinetry and brought back photos of the cabinetry, Mr. 
Epstein immediately advised Mr. Molyneux that the finish of the cabinetry in the 
photos was completely unacceptable and nothing like what was agreed to and 
ordered. Claims that Mr. Schoettle somehow approved the cabinetry when he 
viewed it in Italy are belied by the extensive email traffic from Mr. Epstein, 
beginning immediately after Mr. Epstein received those photos, repeatedly and 
specifically rejecting the cabinetry depicted in the photos. 
Again, Mr. Molyneux refused to remedy the obvious violation of his 
agreement with Mr. Epstein, insisting that the cabinetry must be refinished on site 
at the Island and that, after it was refinished, it would be to Mr. Epstein's complete 
satisfaction. Even after installation of the cabinets began on the Island and Mr. 
Epstein continued repeatedly to advise Mr. Molyneux that the finish was 
unacceptable, Mr. Molyneux insisted to Mr. Epstein that the cabinetry could and 
would be refinished to his satisfaction. Mr. Molyneux representations led to Mr. 
Epstein's agreement to extend the completion deadline for the office pavilion two 
times from January 1, 2010 to April 15, 2010. 
In January 2010, Mr. Epstein personally met with Mr. Molyneux on Little St. 
James to reiterate the requirement that the cabinetry be a of a dark stain and 
antique finish consistent with the original cabinetry in El Escorial and as originally 
rendered by Mr. Molyneux. At that time, Mr. Epstein rejected a light stain sample 
offered by Mr. Molyneux as one which looked nothing like the original cabinetry in 
Escorial. Mr. Epstein sought to assist Mr. Molyneux to achieve the required result 
that he and Mr. Molyneux agreed upon more than two years earlier by requesting 6 
samples of dark stained cabinetry with various finishes. After waiting several weeks 
EFTA00731254
--- PAGE 5 ---
and sending numerous emails requesting even photographs of these samples, Mr. 
Epstein finally received only a single sample board with five light stains of the same 
finish, and nothing that Mr. Epstein requested. 
Three weeks ago, and less than one month before the twice-extended 
completion deadline, Mr. Molyneux advised Mr. Epstein for the first time that 
Fanceli required specific humidity levels and moisture content in order to refinish 
the cabinets, and that because those levels were exceeded, Fanceli could not then 
finish the cabinetry. He then offered to stain the cabinets but only if he received a 
general release. He claimed that Mr. Epstein acted in bad faith, though Mr. Epstein 
has continued to work with Mr. Molyneux to satisfy his obligations, extending the 
completion deadline for the office pavilion two times previously. Mr. Molyneux 
blamed Mr. Epstein for not maintaining the proper conditions on site, even though it 
was Mr. Molyneux's and his team's obligation, as the designer and refinishers, to 
advise Mr. Epstein's people of those requirements well in advance, so as to ensure 
that the proper conditions existed when Fanceli arrived on site to begin the work. 
Mr. Molyneux attempted to excuse his and his team's failure to do so based on their 
own assumptions which they failed to confirm with Mr. Epstein's people. Mr, 
Melynaee-alse-elain4e{I-that-all-eafpentcyaNOFIE-Ocl-the-eabinetcy-svas-sat4sfaetepily 
sheelely-con4litiock 
In response to Mr. Molyneux's many delays, failures and excuses, Mr. Epstein 
brought in a wood specialist to inspect the cabinetry and received a shocking report. 
Among other things, Mr. Molyneux failed to ever inform Mr. Epstein that the 
cabinetry wood had been limed, a fact which Mr. Molyneux had known all along, 
well before entering into the settlement with Mr. Epstein. As a result of the liming, 
the cabinetry would not accept the dark stain and finish that the parties agreed to in 
2006 Extensive stripping and sanding would be required, further worsening the 
appearance of the cabinetry, with no reasonable expectation that the required result 
would ever be achieved. This explains Mr. Molyneux's repeated delays, resistance 
and failures to timely finish the cabinetry in the manner originally agreed to, despite 
Mr. Epstein's repeated demands for over two years. It explains why, though 
contrary to his original agreement, contrary to his original purchase order, contrary 
to his renderings and contrary to the actual appearance of the original cabinetry in 
El Escorial, Mr. Molyleux has continued, impossibly, to maintain that the finish of the 
cabinetry is adequate: because once the cabinetry had already been limed, Mr. 
Molyneux was unable to do anything to change it. The fact that he accepted your 
suggestion (which I understand you made based only on the supposed humidity 
issues) to request a release from Mr. Epstein only confirms his continuing intention 
to avoid liability for this egregious error; an irreversible error that was made well 
before Mr. Molyneux induced Mr. Epstein to settle by agreeing, falsely and in bad 
faith, to satisfactorily install and finish the cabinetry. 
There are numerous other examples of outrageous and fraudulent 
misconduct by Mr. Molyneux that will further support Mr. Epstein's claims. For 
EFTA00731255
--- PAGE 6 ---
example, Mr. Molyneux anel-conswred with Carlton Hobbs to substantially 
overcharged Mr. Epstein for fake antiquities, including two statues, as well as what 
they falsely claimed was a Lichtenstein desk (but which Mr. Epstein later 
discovered to be a fake). Moreover, in any legal action brought by Mr. Epstein, Mr. 
Molyneux will be required to produce his billing and accounting records, payments 
to and form Hobbs.. These records will show, among other things, that Mr. 
Molyneux demanded over 1.4 Euros of millwork deposits from Mr. Epstein, falsely 
claiming that he needed to pay the millworkers this money in advance, but actually 
using this money for other purposes. The billing records will also show that Mr. 
Molyneux fraudulently attempted to charge Mr. Epstein a percentage fee on certain 
invoices he sent to Rich Kahn for the balance of the office cabinetry. He did this 
even though Mr. Molyneux's agreement, as evidenced by the original purchase 
order, was that he would not charge Mr. Epstein a fee on purchases, but would 
invoice them at cost. 
These are but a few of the many examples of Mr. Molyneux's fraudulent and 
otherwise improper conduct. We believe they provide substantial grounds for civil 
claims against Mr. Molyneux and his firm, including, among other things, claims for 
fraud and violations of the Virgin Islands CICO statute. As I have informed you, Mr. 
Epstein intends to commence legal action in the Virgin Islands against Mr. 
Molyneux, his firm, and Fanceili, as well as Carlton Hobbs, and potentially others, to 
recover civil damages in the event that Mr. Epstein is unable to amicably resolve his 
claims. Should that be necessary, Mr. Epstein will seek to recover punitive damages 
for fraud, treble civil damages under the CICO statute, and attorneys fees which I 
understand are typically granted by the courts in the Virgin Islands. Considering 
the amounts involved, we believe the recovery should be between4-544illien-t-e-$40 
Millien:over 10 million dollars. 
If, as you have told me, Mr. Molyneux would prefer to avoid costly and time 
consuming litigation over Mr. Epstein's substantial claims, it is incumbent upon him 
to settle now with Mr. Epstein. Candidly, even if it was possible to for Mr. Molyneux 
to remedy his numerous and repeated performance failures (and it does not appear 
that it is), based on the information we have recently learned and Mr. Molyneux's 
pattern of misconduct from the beginning of this matter, there is no reason to 
believe that we could ever rely upon him to do so. Under the circumstances, a one-
time monetary settlement is required. As I advised you last Thursday, Mr. Epstein 
is prepared to forego all claims against Mr. Molyneux and the other parties involved 
in this matter in exchange for the payment of $2 Million. 
I recommend that we hold a telephone settlement conference, subject to 
Section 408 of the Federal Rules of Evidence and other rules and privileges relating 
to settlement discussions under Federal and Virgin Islands law, to discuss this 
matter further and attempt to reach a final resolution. Mr. Epstein would like to 
participate in that conference and discuss this matter directly with you. The April 
completion deadline is on Thursday, so please let me know when I may set up 
the conference call. 
EFTA00731256
--- PAGE 7 ---
Sincerely, 
EFTA00731257

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731258.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731258.pdf
----------------------------------------
LAW OFFICES OF 
JAY GOLDBERG, P.C. 
250 PARK AVENUE 
TWENTIETH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10177.0077 
February 20,1010 
Via E-Mail: 
And Regular Mail 
Darrren K. Indyke 
301 East 66i11 Street, 108 
New York, New York 10006 
Dear Mr. Indyke: 
TELEPHONE 12121963.0000 
TELCCOPIER c212/1063.6000 
As per the Design Services Agreement dated May 15, 2009, signed by 
Juan Pablo Molyneux and Jeffrey Epstein, $250,000 was allocated to items 
purchased for the Office Pavilion. As the budget spreadsheet used to 
create Exhibit B notes, the approved items included in the $250,000 are 
intended for the Office/Library. Only if $250,000 was not fully spent for the 
items listed in Exhibit B, were additional items to be provided to Mr. 
Epstein at Mr. Molyneux's discretion to complete the design for other areas 
in the Office Pavilion. Attached is the list of items that have been approved 
and purchased along with the total amount spent by Molyneux Studio 
which is 10% more than the $250,000. 
To be clear, furniture items in Exhibit B have been approved, 
purchased and are on site in crates awaiting placement within the 
Office/Library. The previously ordered ceiling painting has been delivered 
to the site but Mr.Epstein decided not to move forward with the 
installation. Lighting and ceiling designs have been presented to Mr. 
Epstein for approval. Two trips have been made to Little St. James to 
oversee the above work. Mr. Epstein's continuous demands for additional 
work are unreasonable, unfair and in bad faith. 
Fxhibit B of the Design Services Agreement also notes that Mr. 
Molyneux will decide if the color of the paneling "is adequate for the 
overall ambiance." Although Mr. Epstein has requested a different finish 
EFTA00731258
--- PAGE 2 ---
for the installed paneling, Mr. Molyneux has stated that he thinks it is a 
mistake to change any finish of the paneling on site. Nevertheless, due to 
Mr. Epstein's unreasonable, unfair and bad faith demands regarding the 
current finish, we provided one finish sample for Mr. Epstein's review on 
site which he reviewed and unreasonably, unfairly and in bad faith rejected. 
Mr. Molyneux has since agreed to provide six final finish samples for Mr. 
Epstein's review. 
Mr. Epstein has unreasonably, unfairly and in bad faith changed his 
demands numerous times in regards to the look of this room. As we were 
just notified on Thursday, February 18, of the request for six finish samples, 
we will need to know Mr. Epstein's response noting his preferred finish no 
later than two days after receiving the samples. After we receive his 
response we will be able to confirm the schedule to complete this finish 
work before the deadline of April 15, 2010, as per the revised agreement. 
After the finish work is completed, the furniture will be put in place 
according to the furniture layout given to Doug Schoettle on site January 
26, 2010 (attached). 
We have a concern that we have not been able to inspect the 
furniture on site as originally requested by Mr. Molyneux when he was on 
site in January 2010. We need confirmation that this furniture is in perfect 
condition. 
EFTA00731259

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731260.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731260.pdf
----------------------------------------
SPEAKERS 
Roy Baumeister 
Paul Bloom 
Joshua D. Greene 
Jonathan Haidt 
Sam Harris 
Marc D. Hauser 
Joseph Heinrich 
Elizabeth Phelps 
David Pizarro 
PRESS 
Chris Anderson, Wired 
Sharon Begley, Newsweek 
Drake Bennett, Boston Globe Ideas 
David Brooks, New York Times 
Anya Bourg, 60 Minutes 
Philip Campbell, Nature
Laura Chang, NYTimes Science Times 
Franklin Foer, editor, The New Republic 
Massimo Gaggi, Corriere Della Sera
James Gibney, Atlantic Monthly 
Malcolm Gladwell, New Yorker 
Roger Highfield, New Scientist 
Lee Hotz, Wall Street Journal 
Elizabeth Kolbert, New Yorker 
Andrian Krcyc Sucddcustchc Zeitung 
Jonah Lehrer 
Jon Meacham, Newsweek 
Colin Norman, Science 
Corey Powell, Discover 
David Shipley, New York Times OpEd 
Frank Schirrmacher, Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung 
Alex Star, Ncw York Times Magazine 
EFTA00731260
--- PAGE 2 ---
John Tierney, New York Times
Deborah Treisman, New Yorker 
Shankar Vedantam, Washington Post 
EDGE BILLIONAIRES 
Jeff Bezos 
Stewart Brand 
Sergey Brin 
Jason Calacanis 
Steve Case 
Jesse Dylan 
Ceorge Dyson 
Jeffrey Epstein 
TonyFadell 
Maja Hoffman 
Bill Joy 
Salar Kamangar
Dean Kamen
Elon Musk 
Nathan Myhrvold 
Pierre Omidyar 
Tim O'Rielly 
Larry Page 
Lucy Page/Southworth 
Sean Parker 
Jean Pigozzi 
Nick Pritzker 
Jacqui Safra 
Ricardo Salinas Pliego 
Charles Simonyi 
Jeff Skoll 
Jimmy Wales 
Evan Williams 
Mark Zuckerberg 
EFTA00731261
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00731262

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731263.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731263.pdf
----------------------------------------
CLIENT LETTERHEAD 
NON SOLICITATION LETTER 
Date: January 
, 2009 
To: 
Program Manager 
I, Mr.  
 , as authorized signatory, do hereby confirm that I have requested of 
you and your organization, specific confidential information and documentation on behalf of 
myself regarding currently available Private Placement Programs to serve only my interests, 
education and not for further distribution. 
I am hereby agreeing that all information received from you is a direct response to my 
request and is not in any way considered or intended to be a solicitation of funds of any sort, 
or any type of offering and is intended for my general knowledge only. I hereby affirm under 
penalty that I have requested this information from you and your organization of my own 
choice and free will and further that you have not solicited me in any way. 
I herein represent that I am not an informant, nor am I associated with any government 
agency such as Secret Service, IRS, FBI, CIA, SEC, Banking Commission, or any agency 
whose purpose is to gather information regarding such offerings. 
I understand that the contemplated transaction is strictly one of private placement and is in 
no way relying upon, or relating to the United States Security Act of 1933 as amended, or 
related regulations, and does not involve the sale of securities. Further, I hereby declare that 
you, the Program Facilitator, have disclosed that you are not a licensed security trader, 
attorney, bank officer, certified public accountant, or financial planner. 
I hereby swear under penalty of perjury that the information given above is accurate and 
true. 
Signature and Seal 
Signatory: 
Company: 
Title: 
Passport: 
Country: 
Date of Issue: 
WITNESS 
Investor's Initial:  
 Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00731263

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731264.pdf
----------------------------------------
li. 
-44. 
jog`). 
‘,,, 
MINOR 
LAND 
United States Virgin Islands 
Department Of Planning And Natural Resources 
Development Permit Application 
The Revised Environmental Protection Handbook ntay be consulted for Technical Guidance 
1.00 
NAME AND ADDRESS OF APPLICANT 
2.00 
LOCATION OF PROJECT 
2.01 
°Location and Agency Review Map 
2.02 
OA copy of the Vicinity Map 
3.00 
ABSTRACT 
4.00 
STATEMENT OF OBJECTIVES SOUGHT BY THE PROPOSED PROJECT 
5.00 
DESCRIrTION OF PROJECT 
6.00 
SUMMARY OF PROPOSED ACTT 
(To be provided on drawIngs1„) 
a. °Discuss purpose of project 
b. °Discuss the presence and location of any critical area(s) (e.g. historical, environmental or cultural 
significance/value) and possible trouble spot(sXe.g. guts. precipaces, very steep hillsides) 
c. °Discuss proposed method of land clearing 
d. °Discuss provisions to preserve topsoil and limit site disturbance 
e. °Discuss erosion and sedimentation control devices to be implemented 
1. °Show schedule for earth changing activities & implementation of erosion/sediment control 
measures 
g. °Discuss the maintenance of erosion and sediment control measures 
h. ODiscuss method of stormwater management 
I. ODiscuss maintenance schedule for stonnwater facilities 
J. 
°Discuss method of sewage disposal 
.00 J 
SITE PLANS (Site plans shall be at a minimum scale of I" = 20') 
Lot Layout 
a. °Show lot area, dimensions and metes & bounds 
b. °Show setback dimensions (including natural drainages and wetlands) 
e. °Show lot density 
d. °Show lot occupancy 
e. °Show recreational areas for proposed project (including walkways, benches and other 
landscape features) 
f. °Show north arrow 
g. OSite Topography at 5' intervals (Prepared and stamped by a registered land surveyor) with 
elevation points at each corner. Show rock outcrop and existing trees having a diameter 
of 6" or greater by species within area to be disturbed 
h. °Show square footage and percentage lot coverage for all site improvements 
i. °Show square footage and percentage open space for all site improvements 
J. 
°Show project staging and material storage areas 
k. °Show existing vegetation within area to be disturbed 
7.02 
Road Layout 
 a. °Show parking and driveway layouts with dimensions, station points and elevations 
(Permeable materials encouraged where soils are suitable) 
b. OShow calculations for required parking space(s) 
c. °Show cuts & fill and profiles of roads 
C)
it 
EFTA00731264
--- PAGE 2 ---
Position of Structures 
a. °Identify proposed and existing structures 
b. °Show building size, dimensions and number of stories 
c. OSbow location and capacity of all storage tanks and cisterns 
d. °Show location of sewage disposal 
a. °Show site profile including all floor elevations and existing and finish grade elevations 
f. °Show underground utilities 
Stormwater Drainage 
a. °Show natural and proposed drainage pattern 
b. °Show design details, profiles and location of stormwater control devices 
c. °Provide a hydrology report (Subdivisions only) 
Erosion and Sediment Control 
a. °Show design details, profiles and location of erosion and sediment control devices (such as 
sediment basins, slope protection measures, retaining walls, siltfences, berms, vegetated swain etc.). 
b. °Show location of construction entrance and proposed methods to reduce silt travel onto road 
c. °Provide final grading plan 
d. CIProvide landscaping plan (The Virgin Islands Zoning Code requires that removed trees with diameters between 4 
Inches and 6 inches must be replaced and removed trees with diameters larger than 6 inches must be replanted) 
SEPTIC SYSTEM/WASTEWATER TREATMENT 
a. °Setback distances from property lines, water supply, waterbodies, and all structures (proposed or existing) 
b. OSeptic capacity requirements 
c. °Septic details with cross section 
d. °Disposal site(s) and area of final effluent 
OTHER REQUIRED DRAWINGS (1/4" a. 1' - 0") 
a. °Floor Plans 
b. CIFoundations/Footinp 
c. OTotal Project Elevation Views (Individual Buildings) 
d. °Section Views 
0.00 
REQUIRED MAPS (Indicate site on all Maps) rat) 
LIN. Got IS 
a. Cfflecorded Parcel Map/Registered Survey Map 
b. °Show all easements on the site and within 50 feet of the property line 
c. °Official Zoning Map 
d. CIFEMA Flood Insurance Rate Map 
e. °Water Resources Map - delineate watershed(s). 
1. 
OSediment Reduction Program Map 
g. °Soil Survey - Soils Map 
1.00 
OTHER REQUIRED SUBMITTALS 
a. °Permit Application (Form L&WD-2) atiZza—
b. °Zoning Requirements Table (Form LitcWD-3) 
dom 
e. °Proof of Legal Interest (Form L&WD -5)— dna-
d Olncometax clearance letter (FounlaWD-6)(Tier I andCommerlealTler2Onty) — 
ira4 Va-A-446' 
e. ['Corporate Application Form (If a corporation is the applicant, developer or owner of the project) 
(Pot= L&WD-7) 
1. 
°Certificate of Corporate Good Standing (For corporate applicants, developers or owners) 
g. ()Application Fee —dent 
h. Mori ty tax clearanceletter (Tier I and Commerical Tier 20nly) — 
i. 
°Copy of Deed/Lease/Purchase Agreement 
J. (Went:led list of all property owners within a 150' radius of the property boundaries. Include 
current mailing addresses based on the tax assessor's office records (Tier I Only) 
°Letter from the State Historic Preservation Officer - SHPO approving the Phase I Archaeological 
Resources Survey for the site (Subdivisions only) 
I. 
°Approved Road and Driveway permit. 
m. °Revalue Projection (commercial projects only) - provide the total gross revenue that can be generated nom the 
proposed project 
zt 
ONFIP Flood Zone Designation (Point L&WD-E) 
EFTA00731265

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731266.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731266.pdf
----------------------------------------
Swap Spread Valuation 
Treasury Tenor? 
Long spread or short spread? 
Long 
Duration 
Notional 
DV01 
Ca 
Treasury Leg 
GT10 
8.824 $ 10,000,000 $ 8,824.41 
2.8403 
Swap Leg 
usswap10 
8.922 $ 
9.890.619 $ 8,824.41 
2.9915 
month LIBOR 
us0003m 
$ 
9.890.619 
0.2844 
Borrowing cost (LIBOR +75)' 
0.9827 
'on 95% ol notional 
-0.850% 
SWIGV Spread 
Gain/(Loss) 
DV01 Impact 
month (carry) 
year (carry) 
27.0 $ 
158.839 $ 
151.760 
73.888 
26.0 $ 
150.015 $ 
142.936 
65.064 
25.0 
141,191 $ 
134,111 $ 
56.239 
24.0 $ 
132.366 $ 
125.287 $ 
47.415 
23.0 
123.542 $ 
116.462 
38.590 
22.0 
114.717 $ 
107.638 
29.766 
21.0 $ 
105.893 $ 
98.814 $ 
20.941 
20.0 $ 
97.069 $ 
89.989 
12.117 
19.0 $ 
88.244 $ 
81.165 
3.293 
18.0 $ 
79.420 $ 
72.340 $ 
(5.532) 
17.0 
70.595 $ 
63.516 $ 
(14,356) 
16.0 
61.771 $ 
54.692 
(23.181) 
15.0 
52.946 $ 
45.867 $ 
(32.005) 
14.0 
44.122 $ 
37.043 $ 
(40.829) 
13.0 
35.298 $ 
28.218 
(49.6541,
(58.478) 
12.0 
26.473 $ 
19.394 
11.0 
17.649 $ 
10.570 $ 
(67.303) 
10.0 
8.824 $ 
1.745 
(76.127t 
(84.951) 
9.0 
- 
$ 
(7.079) 
8.0 $ 
(8.824) $ 
(15.904) $ 
(93.776) 
7.0 
(17.649) $ 
(24.728) 
(102.600) 
6.0 
(26.473) $ 
(33.553) 
(111.425) 
5.0 
(35.298) $ 
(42.377) 
(120249) 
4.0 
(44.122) $ 
(51.201) 
(129.073) 
3.0 
(52.946) $ 
(60.026) 
(137.898) 
2.0 
(61.771) $ 
(68.850) 
(146.722) 
1.0 
(70.595) $ 
(77.675) 
(155,547) 
0.0 
(79.420) $ 
(86.499) 
(164.371) 
-1.0 
(88.244) $ 
(95.323) 
(173.196) 
-2.0 
(97.069) $ 
(104.148) 
(182.020) 
ao 
(105.893) $ 
(112.972) 
(190.844) 
-4.0 
(114.717) $ 
(121.797) 
(199.669) 
SW,GV Spread 
15.123 
EFTA00731266

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731267.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Complex Litigation, Fla. R. Civ. Pro.1201 
Plaintiff, 
Case No. 50 2009CA040800XXXXME AG 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
individually, and L.M., individually, 
Defendants. 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that the undersigned has called up for hearing the 
following: 
DATE: 
July 2, 2010 
TIME: 
9:00 A.M. 
JUDGE: 
Judge David F. Crow 
PLACE: 
205 N. Dixie Highway, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
ROOM: 
9C 
SPECIFIC MATTER TO BE HEARD: 
PLAINTIFF'S MOTION TO COMPEL PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS FROM 
BANKRUPTCY TRUSTEE, HERBERT STETTIN 
Moving counsel certifies that he or she has contacted opposing counsel and attempted to 
resolve the discovery dispute without hearing. 
In accordance with the Americans With Disabilities Act, persons in need of a special 
accommodation to participate in this proceeding contact the Court Administrator's office not later 
than seven days prior to the proceedings. If hearing impaired, contact (TDD) 1-800-955-8771 or (V) 
1-800-955-8770- via Florida Relay 
EFTA00731267
--- PAGE 2 ---
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was faxed this 29th day 
of June, 2010 to : 
Gary M. Fanner, Jr., Esq. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
Marc S. Nurik, Esq. 
Law Offices of Marc s. Nurik 
One E. Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Charles H. Lichtman 
Berger Singerman 
350 East Las Olas Blvd., 10th Floor 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Janis 
F 
ar No. 647896 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. 
901 Phillips Point West 
777 South Flagler Drive 
West Palm Beach Florida 33401 
Telephone 
Facsimile: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein, Plaintiff 
EFTA00731268

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731269.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731269.pdf
----------------------------------------
Lois 
Herr 
for Congress 
LOIS HERR - DEMOCRAT FOR CONGRESS - PA-16 
SOLUTIONS RATHER THAN IDEOLOGIES, PROBLEM SOLVING RATHER THAN POLITICS 
Lois Herr understands the challenging times we live in and brings the combination of problem solving, business, 
community, and farm experience that our Congressional District needs in Washington. 
Herr respects the values of her family and its history in this area - Mennonite immigrants who fled persecution and 
came to America in 1710 seeking religious freedom, and bringing with them a sense of community, stewardship of 
the earth, and a commitment to peaceful co-existence with others. 
More directly, Herr's father - coach Ira Risser Herr - taught her to compete to win while always playing fair. Her 
mother - teacher Kathryn Nisley Herr - showed through 103 years that one can adapt to a changing world without 
losing one's core values. 
Education has always been central to Herr's life, with her own degrees earned from Elizabethtown College (BA), 
the University of Pennsylvania (MA), and Fordham University (MBA). She has been successful in business, 
education, and government. In all these areas Herr has utilized her ability to bring people together to solve 
problems, whether paving the way to bring women into phone company management in the 70s, getting New 
Yorkers and New Englanders to agree on policies and practices, or getting developers and preservationists in 
Lancaster County to see the need for a rural growth strategy. 
Herr worked for Bell Telephone Laboratories. AT&T, New York Telephone, and NYNEX; she also was selected as 
a Presidential Interexchange Executive to work under President Gerald Ford in the White House Office of 
Management and Budget. While in telecommunications. Herr amassed experience in line operations, sales and 
marketing, government relations, corporate planning, and finance. 
Later she would own and operate a small farm in Manheim, Lancaster County, restoring her 1800s log home. 
Equally comfortable in the city or on the farm, she next established herself in higher education on the faculty and 
administration of Elizabethtown College. There she taught marketing, served as the college's Director of Marketing 
and Public Affairs, and is currently Scholar-in-Residence. Herr authored two books: Women, Power, and AT&T: 
Winning Rights in the Workplace and Dear Coach: Letters Home from World War II. 
Along the way, Herr served on volunteer civic and service organization boards, led her local Rotary Club as 
President and chaired the Lancaster County Planning Commission. 
Politically, Herr served as Executive Director of the Lancaster County Democratic Committee in 2007-08, was 
elected to the County and State Democratic Committees, and was a delegate to the 2008 Democratic National 
Convention. 
Herr is running for Congress because she believes the 16th Congressional District deserves a representative who 
will bring solutions rather than ideology and will emphasize problem solving over politics to address the vital 
interests of Berks, Chester, and Lancaster Counties. 
Herr's background shows her ability to understand and help diverse groups of people and work with them on 
important issues. This is exactly what Herr will do as a Representative in Congress. Her strengths as a listener 
who finds common ground and leads others toward solutions will benefit all of us. The 16th Congressional District -
from Berks to Lancaster to Chester County - will be better off with a leader who cares, who is competent, and who 
is strongly related to the people she serves. 
EFTA00731269

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731270.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731270.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
PLUMBING NOTES: 
A. 
B. 
C. 
THE PLUMBING SYSTEM FOR THIS WORK INCLUDES ALL CCU' WATER 
DISTRIBUTICN, DOMESTIC WATER HEATING AND DISTRIBUTION VENTS, 
WASTES, AND PLUMBING ITEMS NEEDED FOR A COMPLETE AND 
PROPER INSTALLATION. 
THESE ITEMS AS INDICATED ON TI£ DRAWINGS SHALL EE INSTALLED 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH TI£ V.I. COCE AND THE AMERICAN STANDARD 
NATIONAL PLUMBING CODE, ASME. 
DRAINAGE, WASTE, VENT, AND POTABLE SUPPLY TO CISTERN PIPES 
AND FITTINGS SHALL BE PVC. TYPE 1. RATED 16O PSI AT 73 
DEGREES F. COPPER TUBING (HOT WATER) SHALL BE TYPE L ABOVE 
GRACE AND TYPE K IN SLAB WITH PVC SLEEVES O SEPARATE STEEL 
AND COPPER. ALL JOINT FITTINGS SHALL BE SOLDERED. FLUX SHALL 
BE NON-CORROSIVE TYPE. 
PROPOSED PLUMBING LAYOUT 
SCALE: 114"= 
P1.01
T0D3STING 
SEHER UNE 
NEW PORCH 
T 
s 
r• 
e, 
;2„
r io 
ItT 
/ 
NEW KITCHEN 
r 
/ 
, 
La ,, 
If 
0 
Q 
N—li 
.
THE deJ NCH GROUP. PC 
ARCHITECTS & PLANNERS 
2200 ESTATE STMBI 
ST. THO 
PH 
KITCHEN 
RENOVATION 
LITTLE ST.JAMES 
U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
PROPOSED PLUMBING 
LAYOUT AND NOTES 
REVISIONS 
CRAM BY: 
O.C. 
CHECKED BY: 
deJC.IGH 
SCALE: 
Be. I-Ce 
DATE 
JOB Ha 
2006.21 
SHEET: 
P1.01 
EFTA00731270

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731271.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731271.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 1063 
Filed 10/13/10 
Page 1 of 8 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Fort Lauderdale Division 
www.flsb.uscourts.gov 
IN RE: 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
Debtor. 
CASE NO.: 09-34791-RBR 
CHAPTER 11 
NOTICE OF TAKING RULE 2004 EXAMINATION DUCES TECUM 
Creditors, RAZORBACK FUNDING, LLC, D3 CAPITAL CLUB, LW, BFMC 
INVESTMENT, LW, LINDA VON ALLMEN as Trustee of the VON ALLMEN DYNASTY 
TRUST, D&L PARTNERS, LP, DAVID VON ALLMEN, as Trustee of the DAVID VON 
ALLMEN LIVING TRUST, ANN VON ALLMEN, as Trustee of the ANN VON ALLMEN 
LIVING 
TRUST, 
DEAN 
KRETSCHMAR, COOPER 
MANAGEMENT, 
ANTHONY 
DEGENNARO as Trustee of the EXTRA INNING DYNASTY TRUST, ADELE MUSSRY, 
JACK MUSSRY, NASSIM MUSSRY, MELINA EL-ANI, DANIELLE EL-ANI, H&N 
ASSOCIATES, ARETZ ASSOCIATES, PARK NATIONAL CAPITAL FUNDING, LLC, PARK 
NATIONAL 
MORTGAGE 
SERVICING, 
SCOTT 
MORGAN, 
VICEROY 
GLOBAL 
INVESTMENTS, INC., CONCORDE CAPITAL, INC., SUSSCO, INC., EDWARD PALEY, 
FLORENCE PALEY, THE EDWARD AND FLORENCE PALEY FOUNDATION, STEVEN 
PALEY, LAURA PALEY, JANE ZARETSKY, STEVEN ZARETSKY, as Trustee of the JANE 
ZARETSKY DYNASTY TRUST, LAWRENCE E. DEKELBAUM, AND SHALOM 
STRICTLY KOSHER MEATS, INC., (collectively, the "Razorback Creditors"), by and through 
the its undersigned counsel, will examine the Records Custodian for Herbert Stettin, Trustee in 
Bankruptcy for Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, P.A., under oath on November 12, 2011) at 10:00 a.m.. 
EFTA00731271
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 1063 
Filed 10/13/10 
Page 2 of 8 
at the offices of Conrad & Scherer, LLP, 633 South Federal Highway, Fort Lauderdale, FL 
33301. The examination may continue from day to day until completed. If the examinee receives 
this notice less than 14 days prior to the scheduled examination date, the examination will be 
rescheduled upon timely request to a mutually agreeable time. 
The examination is pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2004 and Local Rule 2004-1, and will be 
taken before an officer authorized to record the testimony. The scope of the examination shall be 
described in Bankruptcy Rule 2004. Pursuant to Local Rule 2004-1 no order shall be necessary. 
The Examinee is requested to bring to the examination all of the documents described on the 
attached Exhibit A, subject to the Definitions and Instructions provided below. 
DEFINITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS 
A. 
"Document" means any written or graphic matter or other means of preserving 
thought or expression, and all tangible things from which information can be processed or 
transcribed, including the originals and all non-identical copies, whether different from the 
original by reason of any notation made on such copy or otherwise, including, but not limited to, 
correspondence, memoranda, notes, messages, letters, purchase orders, telegrams, teletype, 
telefax bulletins, e-mails, electronic data, meetings, reports, or other communications, interoffice 
and intra-office telephone calls, diaries, chronological data, minutes, books, reports, charts, 
ledgers, invoices, worksheets, receipts, returns, trade information regarding fabric, carpets, 
samples etc., computer printouts, prospectuses, financial statements, schedules, affidavits, 
contracts, cancelled checks, transcripts, statistics, surveys, magazine or newspaper articles, 
releases (and any and all drafts, alterations and modifications, changes and amendments of any 
of the foregoing), graphs or aural records or representations of any kind, including, without 
limitation, photographs, charts, graphs, microfiche, microfilm, video tape, recordings, motion 
EFTA00731272
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 1063 
Filed 10/13/10 
Page 3 of 8 
pictures and electronic, mechanical or electric recordings or representations of any kind 
(including, without limitation, tapes, cassettes, discs and recordings), and including the file and 
file cover. 
The term "Document" also means any and all computer records, data, files, directories, 
electronic mail, and information or whatever kind whether printed out or stored on or retrievable 
from floppy diskette, compact diskette, magnetic tape, optical or magnetic-optical disk, computer 
memory, hard drive, zip drive, orb drive, micro disk, external memory stick, software, or any 
other fixed or removable storage media, including without limitation, all back-up copies, 
dormant or remnant files, and any and all miscellaneous files and/or file fragments, regardless of 
the media on which they reside and regardless of whether the data consists in an active file, 
deleted file or file fragment. 
B. 
"Communications" means any oral or written statement, dialogue, colloquialism, 
discussion, conversation or agreement. 
C. 
"Plaintiff means L.M. (L.M. v. Jeffrey Epstein, Palm Beach County Case 
#502008CA028051XXXXMB), Jane Doe (Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein, United States 
District Court Case #08-civ-80893-Marra/Johnson), and any other person who is or was 
represented by Rothstein Rosenfeldt & Adler that has not yet filed an action against Jeffrey 
Epstein, and any employee, agent or attorney for any plaintiff and/or any other person acting for 
or on behalf of any plaintiff, or under her authority and control. 
D. 
"RRA" means Rothstein Rosenfeldt & Adler, P.A. 
E. 
"Money" means any tangible thing of value. 
F. 
"Trustee" means Herbert Stettin as bankruptcy trustee for RRA. 
EFTA00731273
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 1063 
Filed 10/13/10 
Page 4 of 8 
G. 
"Rothstein" means Scott W. Rothstein who pled guilty to operating the largest 
Ponzi scheme in south Florida history. 
H. 
"Rothstein Ponzi Scheme" means the Ponzi scheme perpetrated by Rothstein and 
others. 
I. 
"Investors" means those who invested in what turned out to be the Rothstein 
Ponzi Scheme, including but not limited to, D3 Capital Club. LLC. 
EFTA00731274
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 1063 
Filed 10/1310 
Page 5 of 8 
EXHIBIT "A" 
DUCES TECUM 
1. 
For the time period from March 1, 2009 to present, any and all documents 
between, or on behalf of RRA, its employees or agents or clients, and any third party regarding a 
purported settlement of any litigation between Jeffrey Epstein and a RRA client or Plaintiff, or 
the financing of any litigation between Jeffrey Epstein and a RRA client or Plaintiff, (whether 
existing clients or fabricated clients), including but not limited to: 
a. 
Documents indicating that litigation with Jeffrey Epstein has been 
settled; 
b. 
Soliciting or receiving money in return for settlement funds 
allegedly paid or to be paid by Jeffrey Epstein; 
c. 
Soliciting money to be given to, or used on behalf of, the Plaintiff in 
litigation against Jeffrey Epstein; 
d. 
Communication between third party Investors or potential Investors and 
the Plaintiffs or their attorneys involved in litigation against Jeffrey Epstein; 
e. 
Payments made by RRA to or on behalf of any Plaintiff. 
2. 
All e-mails, data, correspondence, memos, or similar documents between Bradley 
J. Edwards, Scott W. Rothstein, William Berger and Russell Adler and/or any attorney or 
representative of RRA and any Investor or third party (person or entity) regarding Jeffrey Epstein 
or which mentions Jeffrey Epstein (including Mike Fisten, Kenneth Jenne, Patrick Roberts or 
Rick (Rich) Fandrey). 
3. 
All e-mails, data, correspondence, memos, or similar documents between Scott 
W. Rothstein, and/or any attorney or representative of RRA regarding Jeffrey Epstein or which 
mentions Jeffrey Epstein (including Mike Fisten, Kenneth Henne, Patrick Roberts or Rick (Rich) 
Fandrey). 
4. 
All agreements or documents of any nature which were provided to or received 
from an Investor or potential Investor relating to any case (real or fabricated) involving Jeffrey 
Epstein and any of the following: 
a. 
Scott W. Rothstein; 
b. 
Bradley J. Edwards; 
c. 
RRA; 
d. 
any entity formed by RRA or Bradley J. Edwards or Scott W. 
Rothstein to create investment opportunities for third party 
investors to invest in any plaintiff's case against Jeffrey Epstein. 
EFTA00731275
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 1063 
Filed 10/13/10 
Page 6 of 8 
5. 
All fee sharing agreements between Bradley J. Edwards, RRA, or Scott W. 
Rothstein and/or any other attorney or Investor relating to any aspect of any Plaintiff's case. 
6. 
All documents made available to any Investor or potential Investor by Bradley J. 
Edwards, RRA, Scott W. Rothstein or any of Scott W. Rothstein's entities to solicit "investors" 
for any case involving Jeffrey Epstein. 
7. 
All document reflecting the names and addresses of all individuals or entities who 
invested or purported to invest in any aspect of any case against Jeffrey Epstein. 
8. 
Any and all documents contained in the thirteen bankers boxes which Rothstein 
used to bolster his concocted story in connection with the case styled Jane Doe v. Jeffrey 
Epstein, currently pending in the Southern District of Florida, when meeting with D3 
representatives and/or any other potential Investors in order to induce those representatives 
invest in the Rothstein Ponzi Scheme. 
9. 
All documents and tangible things retrieved from the trash at 358 El Brillo Way, 
Palm Beach, Florida which is alleged to be the home of Jeffrey Epstein. 
10. 
All conversations recorded from any telephones which purported to be that of 
Jeffrey Epstein that are contained in any media (audio tapes, CDs, DVDs, zip drives, hard drives 
or any other electronic format and any written transcriptions). 
II. 
All conversations recorded from any telephones which purported to be from 
Jeffrey Epstein's attorneys including Roy Black, Alan Dershowitz or Jack Goldberger, that are 
contained in any media (audio tapes, CDs, DVDs, zip drives, hard drives or any other electronic 
format and any written transcriptions). 
12. 
All documents which purport to mention any transfer of funds or property from 
Jeffrey Epstein to RRA, Rothstein or any Rothstein-related entity for the settlement of any case 
(real or fabricated) against Jeffrey Epstein. 
13. 
All documents relating to any investment, joint-venture or business enterprise 
involving RRA, Rothstein or a Rothstein-related entity that reference any claim (real or 
fabricated) against Epstein. 
14. 
All emails exchanged between-any of the following individuals wherein Epstein, 
a Palm Beach billionaire or similar reference was mentioned: 
a. 
Scott Rothstein 
b. 
Russell Adler 
c. 
Michael Fisten 
d. 
Kenneth Jenne 
e. 
David Boden 
f. 
Deborah Villegas 
g. 
Andrew Bamett 
EFTA00731276
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 1063 
Filed 10/13/10 
Page 7 of 8 
h. 
Bradley Edwards 
15. 
All documents related to or referencing potential deponents in the Jane Doe, L.M. 
or E.W., cases used in connection with Investor meetings and/or general Investor solicitation into 
the Rothstein Ponzi Scheme. 
16. 
Any employment agreements or letters describing compensation and benefits for 
Bradley Edwards during his employment with RRA. 
17. 
For the time period April 1, 2009 through November 5, 2009, all emails to and 
from any employee, partner, shareholder, attorney, agent or client of RRA that reference any of 
the following: 
a. 
Bill Clinton; 
b. 
Alan Dershowitz; 
c. 
David Copperfield; 
d. 
Kevin Spacey; 
e. 
Chris Tucker; 
f. 
Prince Andrew; 
g. 
Jean-Luc Brunel; 
h. 
Tommy Motolla; 
i. 
Bill Richardson; 
j. 
Donald Trump. 
18. 
Any and all documents referring or relating to Jeffrey Epstein utilized for the 
specific purpose of soliciting Investors into the Rothstein Ponzi Scheme. 
EFTA00731277
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 1063 
Filed 10/13/10 
Page 8 of 8 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served this 13th
day of October, 2010 by electronic mail through the Court's CM/ECF system to those parties who 
are registered users. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that I am admitted to the Bar 
of the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of Florida and I am in compliance with the 
additional qualifications to practice in this court set 
forth in Local Rule 2090-1(A). 
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/James D. Silver 
WILLIAM R. SCHERER 
Florida Bar No. 169454 
wscherer@conradscherer.com 
JAMES D. SILVER 
Florida Bar No. 373702 
jsilver@conradscherer.com 
CONRAD & SCHERER, LLP 
Counsel for Creditors 
633 South Federal Highway 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tel: (954) 847-3324 
Fax: (954) 463-9244 
EFTA00731278

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731279.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
X 
PERRY A. GRUSS, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
DANIEL B. ZWIRN, D.B. ZWIRN & CO., 
L.P. and D.B. ZWIRN PARTNERS, LLC, 
Defendants. 
X 
cv 6441 (DC) 
ECF CASE 
ANSWER AND COUNTERCLAIMS OF 
DEFENDANTS D.B. ZWIRN & CO., L.P. 
AND D.B. ZWIRN PARTNERS, LLC 
JURY TRIAL DEMANDED 
Defendants D.B. Zwim & Co., L.P. (the "Company") and D.B. Zwim Partners, LLC 
("DBZLLC"), by their attorneys Cooley Godward ICronish LLP, answer the Complaint and Jury 
Demand herein as follows: 
I. 
Aver that in 2006, defendant Daniel B. Zwim ("Zwim") was the managing 
member of Zwim Holdings, LLC, which was the managing member of DBZ GP, LLC, which 
was the general partner of the Company; aver that Zwim Holdings, LLC was also the managing 
member of DBZLLC; aver that the Company was the investment manager of investment funds 
("Funds") and separate individual investment accounts ("Managed Accounts") (the Funds and 
the Managed Accounts, collectively the "Managed Funds"); aver that the Company directly or 
indirectly managed billions of dollars in assets, and that the Company and its affiliates at their 
peak employed more than two hundred employees in numerous offices throughout North 
America, Europe and Asia; deny knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the 
truth or accuracy of the allegations concerning Zwim, except admit that there was a time when 
Zwim owned a Gulfstream IV jet used for business purposes and that there were times in the 
summers when Zwim rented a home in Quogue, New York; aver that other allegations in 
EFTA00731279
--- PAGE 2 ---
Paragraph I contain argument to which no response is required; and otherwise deny the 
allegations of Paragraph 1. 
2. 
Aver that in or about the Spring of 2006, the Company learned for the first time 
that certain Managed Fund assets may have been used to pay non-Managed Fund expenses, 
which assets were repaid approximately a month and a half later, and that on certain occasions 
management fees may have been paid to the Company after they had accrued but before they 
were due; that the Company immediately brought these issues to the attention of its outside 
counsel Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP ("Schulte") for review; that subsequently the Company 
retained Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP ("Gibson Dunn") to conduct an independent review of 
these issues and self-reported these issues to the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission, investors and others; and otherwise deny the allegations of Paragraph 2. 
3. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 3, except admit that for a period of time, 
Plaintiff Perry A. Gruss ("Gruss") was a partner in the Company and a member of DBZLLC and 
was the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of the Company. 
4. 
Aver that Gruss was effectively terminated from the Company and DBZLLC, 
resigning on the verge of being fired, on or about October 4, 2006, and otherwise deny the 
allegations of Paragraph 4. 
5. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 5. 
6. 
Deny that defendants defamed Gruss, engaged in any wrongful conduct, breached 
any contract, owe any amount of money to Plaintiff, or are liable to pay damages. The remainder 
of Paragraph 6 consists of argument to which no response is required. 
7. 
Admit the allegations of Paragraph 7. 
EFTA00731280
--- PAGE 3 ---
8. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 8, except admit that Zwirn lives in New York, 
New York, and at times was referred to as the "Managing Partner" of the Company; and aver 
that Zwirn was the managing member of Zwim Holdings, LLC, which was the managing 
member of DBZ GP, LLC, which was the general partner of the Company. 
9. 
Admit the allegations of Paragraph 9. 
10. 
Admit the allegations of Paragraph 10. 
11. 
Paragraph 11 states a legal conclusion to which no response is required. 
12. 
Paragraph 12 states a legal conclusion to which no response is required. 
13. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 13, except admit that Gruss was hired by 
Highbridge Capital Management, LLC to be the Chief Financial Officer of Highbridge/Zwirn 
Capital Management, LLC, a management company; and in 2004 Gruss continued as Chief 
Financial Officer when Highbridge/Zwim Capital Management, LLC changed its name to D.B. 
Zwim & Co., L.P. 
14. 
Admit the allegations of Paragraph 14, and aver that throughout the time period 
covered by the Complaint, Gruss was primarily responsible for internal controls, financing 
relationships, human resources and treasury operations (including the funding process for the 
Managed Funds' investments and potential investments as well as the management of the 
Company's liquidity). 
15. 
Admit the allegations in Paragraph 15. 
16. 
Deny knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth or 
accuracy of the allegations contained in the first sentence of Paragraph 16, except aver that Silvia 
Wu ("Wu") and Li Anne Law ("Law") each held the title of Fund Controller at various times and 
reported to and were supervised by Gruss; deny the allegations contained in the second sentence, 
EFTA00731281
--- PAGE 4 ---
except admit that Law was a Certified Public Accountant and that Wu was a Certified Financial 
Analyst; and upon information and belief admit the allegations of the third sentence of Paragraph 
16. 
17. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 17, except admit that the Fund Controllers and 
the Operations department reported to Gruss and worked under his supervision; that they had 
responsibilities concerning accounting and record-keeping; that they worked with the Funds' 
Administrators, Custodians and Banks; that the Fund Controllers had contact with the Funds' 
external auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers ("PWC"), and were involved in the preparation of the 
Funds' annual financial statements; that the Fund Controllers and their direct reports also worked 
with business units and the banks when preparing wire transfers for investments and expenses; 
and that their group was involved in reconciling cash accounts for certain Funds and Managed 
Accounts. 
18. 
Deny the allegations contained in Paragraph 18, except admit that Michelle 
O'Hara ("O'Hara"), who reported to Gruss and worked under his supervision, worked in 
accounts payable and was involved in tracking expenses and paying the Company's bills; and 
that other employees who reported to Gruss and worked under his supervision had 
responsibilities concerning administrative and financial matters. 
19. 
Deny knowledge or understanding as to the meaning of the phrase "financing the 
Company's assets" and otherwise deny the allegations of Paragraph 19, except admit that Zwim 
had conversations with Gruss about Gruss's responsibility to ensure that the investments made 
by the Managed Funds were properly financed, and that Gruss held himself out to be qualified to 
perform these functions. 
EFTA00731282
--- PAGE 5 ---
20. 
Admit that Harold Kahn ("Kahn") was hired in April 2005 to serve as the 
Company's Chief Operating Officer; and otherwise deny the allegations of Paragraph 20, except 
aver that Gruss was tasked with the responsibility to properly and competently discharge his 
duties, including managing internal controls, financial reporting, human resources, and treasury 
operations (such as the funding process for both the Managed Funds' investments and potential 
investments and the management of the Company's liquidity), and that Kahn was to focus 
mainly on human resources and infrastructure activities. 
21. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 21, except aver that Zwim performed extensive 
services on behalf of the Company and DBZLLC. 
22. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 22, except admit that Zwim held weekly 
meetings during which various matters concerning the Managed Funds were discussed, and that 
members of the Company's Legal, Tax, Finance, Operations, and/or Compliance departments 
and others attended some or all of these meetings. 
23. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 23, except admit that Zwim held meetings to 
discuss the Company's finances and that these meetings were at times attended by Kahn, Tim 
Wong, Christopher Suan, and Gruss; and admit that Zwim retained BCRS LLC for his personal 
finances, and that from time to time BCRS LLC received information from the Company, and 
deny knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to Zwirn's state of mind concerning 
personal financial planning. 
24. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 24. 
25. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 25, except admit that on certain occasions, 
payments of management and performance fees were deferred. 
26. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 26. 
EFTA00731283
--- PAGE 6 ---
27. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 27, except admit that Kahn was involved in the 
purchasing and financing of a Gulfstream airplane to be used for business purposes, negotiating a 
letter of credit intended for airplane-related expenses, and the purchase of Zwim's apartment on 
Central Park South; and aver that Gruss had approved improper payments related to the airplane. 
28. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 28, and refer to Paragraphs 159 through 181 of 
DBZLLC's and the Company's Affirmative Defenses and Counterclaims for an accurate account 
of what occurred. 
29. 
Aver that in or about the Spring of 2006, the Company learned for the first time 
that certain Managed Funds' assets may have been used to pay non-Managed Fund expenses, 
which assets had been repaid approximately a month and a half later, and that on certain 
occasions management fees may have been paid to the Company after they had accrued but 
before they were due; that the Company immediately brought these issues to the attention of its 
outside counsel Schulte for review; that the Company subsequently retained Gibson Dunn to 
conduct an independent review of these issues and voluntarily self-reported these issues to the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission, investors and others; and otherwise deny 
the allegations of Paragraph 29. 
30. 
Deny the allegations of the first sentence of Paragraph 30; deny knowledge or 
information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth or accuracy of the allegations contained in 
the second and third sentences, and aver that Gruss had approved payments related to the 
airplane and, as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer, was responsible for 
the early collection of management fees and for any decision not to document a loan therefore; 
and admit the allegations of the last sentence of Paragraph 30. 
EFTA00731284
--- PAGE 7 ---
31. 
Deny knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth or 
accuracy of the allegations of Paragraph 31, except aver that Gruss was responsible for the early 
collection of management fees and for improperly causing Managed Fund assets to be used to 
purchase the airplane, without the Company's knowledge or consent, and for any decision not to 
document a loan therefore. 
32. 
Deny the allegations of the first sentence of Paragraph 32, except aver that Gruss 
was effectively terminated from the Company, resigning on the verge of being fired, on or about 
October 4, 2006; and otherwise deny the allegations of Paragraph 32. 
33. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 33, except admit that Gruss was effectively 
terminated from the Company, resigning on the verge of being fired, on or about October 4, 
2006, and that no others were effectively terminated at that time. 
34. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 34, except aver that in October 2006, Zwim 
made phone calls to investors upon the Company's learning for the first time that Gruss engaged 
in further misconduct concerning unauthorized transfers between Funds and informed investors 
of the improper interfund transfers, the early collection of management fees, and the use of 
Managed Fund assets to pay for non-Managed Fund expenses; deny that Zwim made any false 
statements during those calls; and refer to the article referenced in Paragraph 34 for its content.
35. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 35, except admit that Zwim had conversations 
with the Company's lenders, prime brokers and counterparties, and deny that Zwim made any 
false statements during those conversations; and refer to the article referenced in Paragraph 35 
for its content. 
36. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 36, except deny knowledge or information 
sufficient to form a belief as to the truth or accuracy of the allegations contained in the third 
EFTA00731285
--- PAGE 8 ---
sentence of Paragraph 36 and aver that Gruss, as Chief Financial Officer and Chief 
Administrative Officer, was responsible for the early collection of management fees and for any 
decision not to document a loan therefore. 
37. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 37. 
38. 
Deny knowledge and information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth or 
accuracy of the allegations of Paragraph 38, except aver that Zwim made no false statements. 
39. 
Admit the allegations of the first and second sentences of Paragraph 39; deny that 
truss's signature had been forged; and otherwise deny knowledge or information sufficient to 
form a belief as to the truth or accuracy of the allegations regarding Gruss in the third and fourth 
sentences of Paragraph 39. 
40. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 40 except admit that Zwim talked to investors, 
prime brokers, counterparties, and other people in the financial community in late 2006 and early 
2007, and aver that Zwim made no false statements in those conversations. 
41. 
Admit the allegations of Paragraph 41. 
42. 
Refer to the March 2007 Memo and to the article referenced in Paragraph 42 for 
their contents; deny knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth or 
accuracy of the allegation that the March 2007 Memo was circulated within the financial 
community; and otherwise admit the allegations of Paragraph 42. 
43. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 43, and refer to the March 2007 Memo for its 
content. 
44. 
Refer to the March 2007 Memo for its content; deny that the statements in the 
March 2007 Memo were false; deny knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to 
EFTA00731286
--- PAGE 9 ---
the truth or accuracy of the allegations in the fifth and sixth sentences of Paragraph 44; admit the 
last sentence of Paragraph 44; and otherwise deny the allegations of Paragraph 44. 
45. 
Refer to the March 2007 Memo for its content, and otherwise deny the allegations 
of Paragraph 45. 
46. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 46, except admit that Shahid Ramzan raised a 
question regarding valuation. 
47. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 47, and refer to the March 2007 Memo for its 
content. 
48. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 48, except admit that Zwim made calls to 
investors, counterparties, prime brokers, and others in the financial community around the time 
that the March 2007 Memo was distributed to investors, and aver that Zwim made no false 
statements during these calls. 
49. 
Deny knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth or 
accuracy of the allegations of Paragraph 49, except aver that Offit Hall Capital was the 
representative of at least one investor in the Funds, and aver that Zwim made no false statements 
to Offit Hall Capital. 
50. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 50. 
51. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 51. 
52. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 52. 
53. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 53. 
54. 
Deny that there were inaccuracies in the March 2007 Memo; admit that the 
Company did not issue any statement purporting to revise the March 2007 Memo; and otherwise 
deny the allegations of Paragraph 54. 
EFTA00731287
--- PAGE 10 ---
55. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 55. 
56. 
Deny that the Company or Zwim engaged in any wrongful conduct, and 
otherwise deny knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth or accuracy of 
the allegations of Paragraph 56. 
57. 
Admit the allegations of Paragraph 57, and aver that Gruss had obligations to the 
Company and DBZLLC in addition to those set forth in the unexecuted Supplementary 
Agreement among D.B. Zwim & Co., L.P., D.B. Zwim Partners, LLC and Perry Gruss (the 
"Supplementary Agreement"). 
58. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 58, except admit that Gruss was a partner in the 
Company from January 1, 2006 to October 4, 2006, that the terms of the Supplementary 
Agreement governed the relationship between Gruss and the Company, that the Supplementary 
Agreement was not executed and that an unexecuted copy of the Supplementary Agreement, 
which is incomplete, is attached to the Complaint. 
59. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 59, except admit that Gruss was a partner in the 
Company from January 1, 2006 to October 4, 2006, that the terms of the Supplementary 
Agreement governed the relationship between Gruss and the Company, and that Gruss received 
certain payments as a partner in the Company. 
60. 
Admit the allegations of Paragraph 60. 
61. 
Deny knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth or 
accuracy of the allegations of Paragraph 61. 
62. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 62, except that to the extent the allegations 
purport to describe the Supplementary Agreement, refer to the Supplementary Agreement for its 
content. 
EFTA00731288
--- PAGE 11 ---
63. 
Aver that Gruss was effectively terminated from the Company, resigning on the 
verge of being fired, on or about October 4, 2006, and otherwise deny the allegations of 
Paragraph 63. 
64. 
Admit that Gruss has made demands that the Company make certain payments; 
deny that any payments are due to him; aver that others who were paid distributions did not 
engage in misconduct that would preclude such distributions; and otherwise admit the allegations 
of Paragraph 64. 
FIRST CAUSE OF ACTION 
DEFAMATION (AGAINST ZWIRN AND THE COMPANY1 
65. 
Repeat and reallege the responses contained in Paragraphs 1 through 64 of this 
Answer, as if fully set forth herein. 
66. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 66. 
67. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 67. 
68. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 68. 
69. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 69. 
70. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 70. 
71. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 71. 
72. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 72. 
73. 
Deny knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth or 
accuracy of the allegations of Paragraph 73. 
74. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 74. 
EFTA00731289
--- PAGE 12 ---
SECOND CAUSE OF ACTION 
DEFAMATION (AGAINST ZWIRN AND THE COMPANY) 
75. 
Repeat and reallege the responses contained in Paragraphs 1 through 74 of this 
Answer as if fully set forth herein. 
76. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 76. 
77. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 77. 
78. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 78. 
79. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 79. 
80. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph80. 
81. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 81. 
82. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 82. 
83. 
Deny knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth or 
accuracy of the allegations of Paragraph 83. 
84. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 84. 
THIRD CAUSE OF ACTION 
BREACH OF CONTRACT (AGAINST THE COMPANY 
AND D.B. ZWIRN PARTNERS, LLC) 
85. 
Repeat and re-allege the responses contained in Paragraphs 1 through 84 of this 
Answer as if fully set forth herein. 
86. 
Admit the allegations of Paragraph 86. 
87. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 87. 
88. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 88, except admit that Gruss was effectively 
terminated, resigning on the verge of being fired. 
89. 
Admit that no payment was made to Gruss after he separated from the Company, 
and otherwise deny the allegations of Paragraph 89. 
EFTA00731290
--- PAGE 13 ---
90. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 90. 
FOURTH CAUSE OF ACTION 
PROMISSORY ESTOPPEL (AGAINST THE COMPANY 
AND D.B. ZWIRN PARTNERS, LLCI 
91. 
Repeat and reallege the response contained in Paragraphs 1 through 90 of this 
Answer as if fully set forth herein. 
92. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 92. 
93. 
Refer to the Supplementary Agreement for its contents, and otherwise deny the 
allegations of Paragraph 93, and aver that any right to compensation was subject, among other 
things, to all the terms and conditions of the Supplementary Agreement. 
94. 
Deny knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the truth of the 
allegations of Paragraph 94. 
95. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 95. 
96. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 96. 
97. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 97. 
98. 
Deny the allegations of Paragraph 98. 
AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSES AND COUNTERCLAIMS 
INTRODUCTION 
99. 
In 2002, 
Highbridge Capital 
Management, 
LLC and 
Zwirn 
formed 
Highbridge/Zwim Capital Management, LLC to be a hedge fund management company with an 
innovative strategy: it would seek out a large number of small, idiosyncratic investments that 
traditional financial institutions had ignored and maximize risk-adjusted returns for the investors 
in its funds by, among other things, using a variety of funding mechanisms to finance those 
EFTA00731291
--- PAGE 14 ---
investments efficiently. In 2004, Highbridge/Zwim Capital Management, LLC was renamed 
D.B. Zwim & Co., L.P. (the "Company"). 
100. 
The investment side of the Company, managed by Zwim, flourished, as the 
Company generated strong returns for the funds' investors. As a result, the Company enjoyed 
significant growth, and the Company's assets under management increased from $900 million in 
2004 to over $5 billion in September 2006 through investment returns as well as additional 
capital contributions from investors. 
101. 
Throughout the relevant period, Gruss was the Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company, who managed the Company's finances and back office. Gruss purported to be and 
held himself out as competent to do the tasks required of him, which included, among other 
things, making arrangements for the proper financing of the funds' investments and the 
management of the Company's liquidity. Gruss did not disclose that in fact he had difficulties 
performing his duties, or that he engaged in improper conduct. 
102. 
As the Company grew, Zwim took appropriate steps to strengthen its 
infrastructure. Among other things, Zwim caused the Company to hire a Company Controller in 
December 2005 notwithstanding resistance on the part of Gruss who claimed that it was 
unnecessary. 
Within months of being hired, the Company Controller discovered several 
instances of Gruss's improper conduct: money from funds and managed accounts had been 
improperly used to finance the purchase of a private airplane and on a number of occasions 
management fees had been paid to the Company early. The Company brought these issues to the 
attention of its outside counsel, Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP ("Schulte"), for review. Schulte 
investigated these issues and concluded that Gruss had been responsible. Shortly thereafter, 
Gruss was effectively terminated from the Company, resigning on the verge of being fired. 
EFTA00731292
--- PAGE 15 ---
103. 
After Gruss left the firm, the Company learned of additional practices approved 
by Gruss involving improper transfers of money between the funds. The Company retained 
Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP ("Gibson Dunn") to conduct a thorough internal investigation of 
all potential accounting issues. Gibson Dunn retained Deloitte & Touche as a special accountant 
for its investigation. The Company made appropriate disclosures and self-reported these issues 
to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), which began its own 
investigation into the conduct. 
104. 
During the next five months, Gibson Dunn and the Company uncovered 
additional instances of Gruss's misconduct. Gibson Dunn reviewed over a million pages of 
Company documents and conducted more than forty interview sessions with twenty-three 
people. Gibson Dunn concluded that Gruss had directed, approved, or been aware of a number 
of accounting improprieties relating to transfers of money between funds, use of investor money 
to finance the airplane purchase, alteration of financial reports, backdating of investment 
assignments between the funds, early payment of management fees, and use of investor money to 
fund capital calls for personal investments held by Zwirn and two other individuals affiliated 
with the Company. Gibson Dunn found no credible evidence that Zwim was aware of or 
participated in any of the financial or accounting improprieties. 
105. 
The Company kept the SEC apprised of the progress of Gibson Dunn's work, and 
the results of the Gibson Dunn investigation were provided to the SEC as part of the Company's 
cooperation with the SEC's investigation. 
106. 
The Company took various steps to remediate Gruss's misconduct and make 
investors whole. 
EFTA00731293
--- PAGE 16 ---
107. 
Through his misconduct, Gruss violated his duties as Chief Financial Officer, 
Chief Administrative Officer, and partner in the Company and as a member of DBZLLC, and 
caused the Company to spend over $43 million on investigations and remediation. 
108. 
Gruss's misconduct and the resulting internal and SEC investigations cast a 
shadow over the Company, reduced investor confidence, and materially delayed completion of 
the funds' 2006 audits. In turn, investors submitted redemptions in excess of $2 billion, and the 
Company was forced to put the funds into an orderly dissolution. 
PARTIES 
109. 
Defendant and Counterclaim-Plaintiff the Company is a Delaware limited 
partnership with its principal place of business in New York, New York. At all relevant times 
hereto, the general partner of the Company was DBZ GP, LLC, an entity controlled by Zwim. 
The Company was an investment management firm that managed the investments of certain 
investment funds and managed account 
110. 
Defendant and Counterclaim-Plaintiff DBZLLC is a Delaware limited liability 
company with its principal place of business in New York, New York. At all times relevant 
hereto, the managing member of DBZLLC was Zwirn Holdings, LLC, an entity controlled by 
Zwirn. DBZLLC was the general partner of several of the investment funds managed by the 
Company. 
111. 
Plaintiff and Counterclaim-Defendant Gruss is a former Chief Financial Officer; 
Chief Administrative Officer and partner in the Company, and a former member of DBZLLC. 
Upon information and belief, Gruss is a resident of New Jersey. 
EFTA00731294
--- PAGE 17 ---
BACKGROUND 
112. 
Highbridge Capital Management, LLC and Zwim formed Highbridge/Zwim 
Capital Management, LLC, the predecessor to the Company, in 2002. 
In 2004, 
Highbridge/Zwim Capital Management, LLC was renamed D.B. Zwim & Co., L.P. 
113. 
The Company primarily made investments through various funds that it managed: 
D.B. Zwim Special Opportunities Fund LP (the "Onshore Fund"), D.B. Zwim Special 
Opportunities Fund Ltd. (the "Offshore Fund"), D.B. Zwim Special Opportunities Fund II Ltd. 
(the "LTD II Fund"), D.B. Zwim Special Opportunities Fund (TE) LP (the "TE Fund"), and D.B. 
Zwim Asia/Pacific Special Opportunities Fund L.P. (collectively, the "Funds"). The Company 
also made investments for separate individual investment accounts (the "Managed Accounts"), 
including HCM/Z Special Opportunities LLC ("HCM/Z"), an account managed for the benefit of 
Highbridge Capital Corporation. 
The Funds and the Managed Accounts are referred to 
collectively as the "Managed Funds." 
114. 
The Company's investment strategy was unlike most hedge fund strategies in two 
key respects: (a) it employed a variety of investment strategies across a broad range of 
investment products, geographical areas, and industries; and (b) it used numerous types of 
funding mechanisms to finance those investments efficiently. 
115. 
To identify investment opportunities, the Company employed about twenty-five 
managing directors with specializations among different products, geographic areas, and 
industries. The Company also partnered with over one hundred joint ventures throughout the 
world that helped to identify assets for investment. At its peak, the Company had 16 offices in 
countries, with over 260 employees. The Company made investments for the Managed Funds 
in over twenty-five countries. 
EFTA00731295
--- PAGE 18 ---
116. 
Unlike most hedge fund managers, which fund investments primarily through 
investor cash and on occasion leverage from prime brokerage firms, the Company arranged 
financing for the Managed Funds' investments through a large variety of sources. These funding 
mechanisms included: cash on the Managed Funds' balance sheets; interest received from 
existing corporate and real estate loans; remittances (collections from investments); repayments 
recapitalizations, or sales of assets (from when the Managed Funds exited from an investment); 
asset-specific non-recourse financing; multi-asset non-recourse financing (such as through 
collateralized loan obligation structures); recourse financing at the Fund level; prime broker 
leverage; repo financing; inflows of money from new or existing investors; and stand-alone asset 
platforms with their own funding lines. 
117. 
The Company's business strategy maximized returns for investors in part by 
making efficient use of numerous funding mechanisms to finance attractive risk-adjusted 
investments that it had identified. 
118. 
The Company sought to provide the Onshore Fund and the Offshore Fund with 
equal access to the Company's investments for which they were eligible, and attempted to 
generate a similar return per unit of risk for the two funds. 
119. 
For mostly tax reasons, however, the Onshore Fund was able to participate in 
more investments than the Offshore Fund. In addition, the Onshore Fund generally used more 
leverage than the Offshore Fund. For these reasons, the Onshore Fund tended to have a higher 
rate of return than the Offshore Fund. 
120. 
The Offshore Fund, however, tended to have more cash than the Onshore Fund 
because more money came in from offshore investors relative to the investment opportunities 
available to the Offshore Fund. 
EFTA00731296
--- PAGE 19 ---
121. 
At times, the Onshore Fund and the Offshore Fund were constrained from making 
investments due to a lack of cash, though the Offshore Fund tended to have fewer cash 
constraints. 
122. 
The Company had several ways to address any funding constraints, including (a) 
obtaining additional funding through the various possible funding mechanisms (for example, by 
gaining more leverage from a prime broker, finding additional non-recourse financing for an 
individual asset or a group of assets, or refinancing an individual act or a group of assets); (b) 
obtaining funds for new investments by selling existing assets; (c) postponing investments; (d) 
funding investments at a lower amount than originally planned; (e) syndicating investments 
(sharing them with other investors); or (f) deciding not to make certain investments. 
THE ROLES OF ZWIRN AND GRUSS IN THE COMPANY 
A. 
Zwim's Role 
123. 
Zwim's primary responsibility was to determine what investments, based upon 
risk-adjusted return, the Managed Funds should make, subject to the approval of others who 
considered factors not related to the risk-adjusted return. 
124. 
Zwim had weekly "pipeline" meetings with the officers, staff, and asset managers 
from various investment teams, during which he reviewed the teams' portfolios and discussed 
potential future investments. Zwim participated in these meetings from wherever he was in the 
world, and with people located all over the world. In connection with these meetings, Zwim 
reviewed weekly treasury reports that listed illiquid investments that the Managed Funds had 
funded during the month, and illiquid investments that the Managed Funds might fund in the 
future. 
125. 
Zwim also reviewed a number of monthly reports relating to the Managed Funds' 
investments and the Company's finances. 
EFTA00731297
--- PAGE 20 ---
126. 
Zwim's work for the Company required him to spend about one week per month 
traveling all over the world, in addition to substantial domestic travel. 
127. 
In addition to the foregoing, Zwim chaired the management committee of the 
Company and found investors for the Funds. Zwim left the day-to-day management of the 
Company to others who were responsible for various aspects of the Company's operations. 
B. 
Gruss's Role 
128. 
In July 2002, Gruss was hired by Highbridge Capital Management, LLC as Chief 
Financial Officer of Highbridge/Zwim Capital Management, LLC, the predecessor of the 
Company. 
129. 
Gruss was the Company's Chief Financial Officer until on or about October 4, 
2006. He was also the Company's Chief Administrative Officer from April 2005 to on or about 
October 4, 2006, and was a partner in the Company and a member of DBZLLC from January 
2006 until on or about October 4, 2006. 
130. 
Gruss was responsible for managing the Company's finance, accounting, and 
treasury operations. He supervised the Company's "back office." 
131. 
One of Gruss's primary responsibilities was to manage the funding process, 
described in Paragraph 116, to ensure that the Managed Funds' investments were properly 
financed. This responsibility included: (a) determining the logistics of how specific investments 
would be funded; (b) determining how investments would be allocated among the Managed 
Funds; and (c) identifying new sources from which to finance investments (for example, by 
arranging non-recourse funding lines). It was also Grass's responsibility to inform Zwim of 
funding limitations on all of the investments that the Company had identified as otherwise 
satisfying the Company's risk-adjusted return criteria, in which case it was necessary to explore 
the options identified in Paragraph 122. 
EFTA00731298
--- PAGE 21 ---
132. 
The Company relied on Gruss to manage properly and in good faith the funding 
process for investments. 
133. 
As Chief Financial Officer of the Company, Gruss supervised a number of 
employees. Silvia Wu and Li Anne Law, who were financial controllers for the Funds, reported 
to Gruss and worked directly under his supervision. 
THE COMPANY'S GROWTH 
134. 
The Company enjoyed significant growth between 2004 and September 2006. 
During that period, the Company's assets under management increased from $900 million to 
over $5 billion. 
135. 
Throughout this period, Gruss continued to hold himself out as competent to 
discharge his duties and to manage properly and in good faith the funding process for 
investments and the Company's liquidity. 
136. 
In truth and in fact, unbeknownst to the Company, Gruss took shortcuts to arrange 
funding for investments and for the Company's expenses. 
137. 
During this period, Gruss engaged in numerous instances of serious misconduct 
that covered a number of different areas, as described below. 
SPECIFIC INSTANCES OF GRUSS'S MISCONDUCT 
A. 
Gruss directed improper transfers of money between the Managed Funds. 
138. 
Gruss directed and approved numerous improper transfers of money between the 
Managed Funds (the "Interfund Transfers"). 
139. 
The Interfund Transfers were not properly accounted for or documented as loans 
between the Managed Funds, and prior to their discovery no interest was paid in connection with 
the Interfund Transfers. 
EFTA00731299
--- PAGE 22 ---
140. 
The Interfund Transfers had the effect of diminishing the returns of the investors 
in one Fund, while at the same time increasing the returns of investors in another Fund. 
141. 
Gruss began approving the Interfund Transfers no later than the first quarter of 
2005. 
142. 
Gruss has admitted that the Interfund Transfers were improper, and has admitted 
that he approved Interfund Transfers. 
143. 
Grass knew at the time that the Interfund Transfers were indeed improper, and 
Gruss concealed the practice from Zwim. 
144. 
Gruss has admitted that he had no recollection of speaking with Zwim or other 
senior managers about the Interfund Transfers. Gruss has further admitted that he had been 
hesitant to give Zwim bad news on this issue and that he did not want senior management at the 
Company to know about the Interfund Transfers. 
145. 
The Interfund Transfers were not a secret among accounting personnel who 
reported to Gruss. 
146. 
Gruss's concealment of the issue from senior management was not a secret to 
accounting personnel. 
In an April 18, 2005 email—after Gruss had approved yet another 
improper transfer—Li Anne Law suggested that Gruss "get all the partners/top mgmt in the loop 
(i.e. REALITY) and then have them make a joint decision." 
147. 
Law's predecessor, Silvia Wu, indicated to Law that she resigned from the 
Company in June 2005 because she was uncomfortable with the Interfund Transfer practice. 
148. 
When Law left the Company for the same reason in June 2006, she advised her 
successor, Alisa Butchkowski (who also reported to Gruss), not to allow herself to get drawn into 
the practice of making Interfund Transfers. 
EFTA00731300
--- PAGE 23 ---
149. 
At least four of the Interfund Transfers were made such that the assets of one 
Fund were used to repay loan obligations of another Fund under a 75-day revolving credit 
facility (the "Swingline Facility"). 
150. 
On January 9, 2006, truss approved such a transfer. 
151. 
On that date, Gruss typed "Ok pag" in response to wire transfer instructions 
requesting this Interfund Transfer. The subject line of the email referred to repayment of the 
Swingline Facility, and when Jason Pecora, a Company employee who reported to Gruss, asked 
in an email what the transfer was for, Gruss specifically stated that it was for "[rjepayment of 
75day swingline revolver." 
152. 
On March 3, 2006, Gruss again approved another such Interfund Transfer by 
which the assets of one Fund were used to fulfill a repayment obligation of another Fund under 
the Swingline Facility. 
153. 
The wire instructions Gruss approved specifically requested a transfer from "the 
Ltd # 721600 to # 721599;" that is, a transfer from the account of one Fund to the account of 
another Fund. The subject of the email containing truss's approval referred to repayment of the 
Swingline Facility. 
154. 
On May 26, 2006, Gruss again approved, via email, an Interfund Transfer by 
which the assets of one Fund were used to fulfill the repayment obligation of another Fund under 
the Swingline Facility. 
155. 
Numerous additional Interfund Transfers were made so that the assets of one 
Fund were used for the purpose of funding investments of another Fund. 
EFTA00731301
--- PAGE 24 ---
156. 
For example, on April 18, 2005, Gruss approved such a transfer. In an email 
exchange that day, Li Anne Law specifically asked Gruss whether the Company should fund an 
investment of one Fund with the assets of another Fund. Gruss responded, "Yes, pls." 
157. 
On May 5, 2005, Gruss again approved a transfer through which the assets of one 
Fund were used for the purpose of funding investments of another Fund. An email from that 
date shows that Gruss wrote "Ok pag" in response to Law's instructions to "transfer [funds] from 
the Ltd acct # 721600 to the LP acct # 721599." 
158. 
Zwim did not know of, did not participate in, and did not authorize any improper 
Interfund Transfers. 
B. 
Gruss was aware of and approved the use of investor money to fund the 
purchase of an airplane. 
159. 
In 2005, it was determined that, given Zwim's extensive business travel, it made 
sense to purchase a private airplane. 
160. 
Harold Kahn, the Company's Chief Operating Officer, was put in charge of the 
airplane purchase. 
161. 
Kahn and Gruss discussed getting a revolving credit line in the Company to fund 
the purchase of the airplane and pay for related expenses. 
162. 
Merrill Lynch offered non-recourse financing for 90 percent of the transaction but 
required a $1.9 million letter of credit. 
163. 
Citibank agreed to provide the letter of credit as part of a $10 million revolving 
line of credit for the Company's operations. Gruss and Kahn expected the Citibank revolver, 
including the letter of credit to help finance the purchase of the plane, to be in place by 
September 30, 2005. 
EFTA00731302
--- PAGE 25 ---
164. 
Up until September 27, 2005, all payments related to the airplane had been 
advanced by the Company. 
165. 
Beginning on September 27, 2005, there was a series of four wire transfers related 
to airplane expenses that were made from either the Onshore Fund or the HCM/Z managed 
account. 
166. 
On September 27, 2005, Kahn emailed Li Anne Law, copying Gruss: "LL -- can 
you pls arrange to have the $1.9MM wired to Citi asap for the issuance of the LC. This will only 
be a short-term deposit in that once the Citi revolver is in place (should be w/in a week) we will 
credit the amount against the line." 
167. 
On September 28, 2005, Gruss authorized the $1.9 million payment from the 
HCM/Z account to Citibank. 
168. 
Gruss knew that this transfer was to pay for expenses related to the airplane 
purchase. 
169. 
On September 27, 2005, Kahn emailed Law, copying Gruss, requesting a wire 
transfer to Merrill Lynch of an $80,250 facility fee. 
170. 
The next day, Gruss signed a wire transfer form authorizing $80,250 to be wired 
from the HCM/Z account at Bear Steams. 
171. 
Gruss knew that this transfer was to pay for expenses related to the airplane 
purchase. 
172. 
In an email exchange on September 29, 2005, Kahn wrote to Law, copying Gruss, 
asking her to wire $1,681,350 to Insured Aircraft Title Insurance: "we are trying to do the close 
late-moming/mid-day." 
EFTA00731303
--- PAGE 26 ---
173. 
That same day, $1,681,350 was transferred from the Onshore Fund with truss's 
knowledge and approval. 
174. 
Gruss knew that this transfer was to pay for expenses related to the airplane 
purchase. 
175. 
On September 30, 2005, Kahn emailed Law and Michelle O'Hara (who worked 
with Law), copying Gruss, asking Law to wire $112,575 in broker fees relating to the airplane 
purchase. 
176. 
That same day, $112,575 was transferred from the Onshore Fund with Gruss's 
knowledge and approval. 
177. 
Gruss knew that this transfer was to pay for expenses related to the airplane 
purchase. 
178. 
In an October 25, 2005 email, O'Hara wrote to Gruss seeking approval for 
payment in connection with the airplane purchase: "Please approve - $163,267.50 for DZ 
airplane expense. Fyi, I am now out completely of cash. ... I have about 2MM of invoices 
holding on my desk waiting to be paid." Gruss replied, "ok pag. Pls move $ from Ltd." 
179. 
The Citibank revolver was finally in place on November 4, 2005, and $8.1 million 
was credited to the Company's account. 
180. 
When Gruss subsequently directed the return of the funds to the Onshore Fund 
and the HCM/Z managed account, he did not ensure that those repayments included interest, and 
the initial transfers were never documented as loans from the Managed Funds to the Company. 
181. 
Zwim did not know of, did not participate in, and did not authorize the use of 
money from the Onshore Fund and the HCM/Z managed account for the plane purchase. 
C. 
Gruss directed his subordinates to alter financial reports. 
EFTA00731304
--- PAGE 27 ---
182. 
In March 2006, Gruss became concerned about the difference in the rate of return 
between the Onshore Fund and the Offshore Fund for the previous month. 
183. 
Gruss did not discuss the issue with Zwim; instead, Gruss altered reports in order 
to conceal the magnitude of the difference from Zwirn. 
184. 
In March 2006, Gruss instructed Law to decrease the Offshore Fund's monthly 
expenses by $500,000. This adjustment increased the Offshore Fund's February 2006 returns. 
Law was uncomfortable with the instruction, but inserted the adjustment into an Excel 
spreadsheet used to calculate the Offshore Fund's Net Asset Value ("NAV"). The increased 
NAV was sent to the Offshore Fund's investors. 
185. 
In April 2006, Gruss approached Law with "ideas" about how to collapse the gap 
between the funds' monthly returns. Gruss instructed Law to decrease the Offshore Fund's 
expenses by $3.5 million and to increase the Onshore Fund's expenses by a corresponding 
amount. Following Gross's instructions, Law reversed the $500,000 February adjustment and 
inserted the adjustment of $3.5 million for the March 2006 returns. The altered NAVs were sent 
to the investors in the Onshore Fund and the Offshore Fund. 
186. 
In the same April 2006 conversation, Gruss instructed Law to remove three 
investments from an internal schedule that Law prepared, which contained the investments most 
responsible for the performance gap between the finds. Law removed the three investments 
from the internal schedule, making the performance gap on the internal investment schedule 
consistent with the performance gap in the returns sent to investors and concealing the $3.5 
million expense adjustment. 
EFTA00731305
--- PAGE 28 ---
187. 
truss's deception caused the projected difference in rate of return (referred to 
internally at the Company as the "delta") between the funds to shift from 106 basis points to 53 
basis points. 
188. 
Gruss did not inform Zwim of any of these adjustments. 
189. 
Zwim did not know of, participate in, or authorize any of these adjustments. 
190. 
On another occasion, in calculating the August 2005 returns, Law accidentally 
omitted a $3.6 million Offshore Fund incentive fee when calculating the Offshore Fund's NAV. 
The omission incorrectly increased the Offshore Fund's monthly returns. 
191. 
Thirty minutes after the Company circulated monthly returns to investors, Law 
realized her mistake and informed truss. Law asked Gruss if the Company could circulate a 
revised calculation. 
192. 
Gruss decided not to send out revised returns. Instead, Gruss directed Law to 
correct the omitted incentive fee over the subsequent four months. 
193. 
Gruss never informed Zwim of this instance of misconduct. 
194. 
Zwim did not know of, participate in, or authorize this accounting misconduct. 
D. 
Gruss falsified the assignment of investments from the Onshore Fund to the 
Offshore Fund. 
195. 
In August 2006, Gruss directed the transfers of three investments from the 
Onshore Fund to the Offshore Fund. 
196. 
Despite the fact that the transfers took place in August, Gruss directed that the 
transfers be made effective as of July 1, 2006. 
197. 
Gruss signed the Master Assignment and Acceptance Agreement documenting the 
transaction, which is dated August 24, 2006. 
EFTA00731306
--- PAGE 29 ---
198. 
Because Gruss improperly directed that the transfers be effective as of the prior 
month, interest and prepayment fees that the investments had accrued to the Onshore Fund in 
July 2006 were improperly shifted from the Onshore Fund to the Offshore Fund. 
199. 
Gruss's improper direction to make the transfers effective as of the prior month 
caused the NAV of the Offshore Fund to be improperly increased and caused the NAV of the 
Onshore Fund to be improperly decreased. 
200. 
Gruss did not disclose to investors or to Zwim that Gruss had improperly directed 
that the transfers of the three investments be effective as of the prior month. 
201. 
Zwim did not know of, participate in, or authorize making the transfers of 
investments effective as of the prior month. 
E 
Gruss directed the early payment of management fees from the Funds. 
202. 
At Gruss's direction, management fees were paid from the Onshore Fund, the 
Offshore Fund, the LTD H Fund, and the TE Fund after they were earned but before they were 
payable on 25 occasions between May 2004 and March 2006. The early fee payments totaled 
$22.5 million. 
203. 
Gruss has admitted that it was his decision to withdraw management fees from the 
funds that were not yet payable. 
204. 
Gruss has characterized what he did as, in effect, no harm, no foul. 
205. 
Gruss has also admitted that he did not tell Zwirn or anyone in senior 
management about the practice. 
206. 
Zwim was not aware of the early payment of management fees until Company 
Controller Tim Wong brought this issue to the Company's attention in the Spring of 2006. 
207. 
Zwirn did not participate in or authorize the early payment of management fees. 
EFTA00731307
--- PAGE 30 ---
F. 
Gruss directed the use of investor money to fund capital calls made to Zwirn 
and two other individuals: 
208. 
Prior to February 2005, the Onshore Fund at times made investments in 
opportunities identified by a certain investment manager. 
209. 
Around February 2005, that investment manager created a private equity fund. 
The Company made a determination not to invest in that fund and did not do so. 
210. 
Around February 2005, Zwirn and two others affiliated with the Company made 
personal investments in the private equity fund through an investment vehicle formed for that 
purpose. 
211. 
Advances were made from the Onshore Fund to pay for capital call payments for 
Zwirn and two other individuals. 
212. 
Zwirn spotted the issue in a treasury pipeline report in September 2005, and in a 
September 18, 2005 email directed Gruss to fix the error, "ASAP." Gruss replied via email that 
same day, "I'll fix." 
213. 
However, unbeknownst to Zwirn, Gruss continued to authorize advance payments 
out of the Onshore Fund for these capital calls even after Zwirn had raised the issue with Gruss 
and Gruss had told Zwirn that he would fix it. 
214. 
Gruss approved the use of the Onshore Fund to advance payments for capital calls 
made to Zwirn and two other individuals on December 15, 2005, January 3, 2006, and July 6, 
2006, totaling $95,513. 
215. 
Two individuals besides Zwirn were directed to make reimbursements for the 
capital calls by writing checks to the Onshore Fund. 
216. 
However, Gruss directed Zwirn to reimburse the Company for advance payments 
for the capital calls by writing checks to the Company. Furthermore, Gruss failed to transfer 
EFTA00731308
--- PAGE 31 ---
these reimbursements from the Company to the Onshore Fund, which had actually made the 
advance payments for the capital calls. 
217. 
Zwirn did not know of, did not participate in, and did not authorize Gruss's 
continued use of the Onshore Fund to pay capital calls for Zwirn and two other individuals. 
DISCOVERY OF GRUSS'S IMPROPRIETIES 
218. 
As the Company grew from 2004 to September 2006, Zwirn took steps to 
strengthen the infrastructure of the Company and to create greater transparency in its structure 
and finances. As part of this process, Zwim raised with management the need to hire a 
Controller for the Company and to have an audit of the Company. 
219. 
Gross resisted Zwim's suggestion to hire a Company Controller and claimed that 
an audit was unnecessary. 
220. 
In spite of Gruss's resistance, the Company hired Tim Wong as Company 
Controller in or around December 2005. 
221. 
Within months of joining the Company, Wong discovered that funds from the 
Onshore Fund and the HCM/Z managed account had been used improperly to finance the 
purchase of a private airplane. The Onshore Fund and the HCM/Z managed account had been 
repaid after about a month, but without interest. 
222. 
Wong also noticed that, on a number of occasions, management fees had been 
paid to the Company early—after they had been earned (which was on a monthly basis), but 
before they had become payable (which was on a quarterly basis, in arrears). 
223. 
Wong informed the Company's General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer 
of what he had discovered. 
EFTA00731309
--- PAGE 32 ---
THE SCHULTE, GIBSON DUNN, AND SEC INVESTIGATIONS 
224. 
Upon learning of the information provided by Wong, the Company immediately 
brought these issues to the attention of its outside counsel, Schulte, for review. 
225. 
Prior to being informed by senior management of Wong's discovery, Zwim had 
not been aware that money from the Managed Funds may have been used to finance the airplane 
purchase and that management fees may have been paid early. 
226. 
In the course of its four-month investigation, Schulte interviewed a number of 
Company employees (including Gruss and Zwim) and reviewed hundreds of relevant documents. 
227. 
Schulte determined that Gruss knew of and approved payments from the Onshore 
Fund and the HCM/Z managed account to finance the airplane purchase and that Gruss had 
caused the Funds to advance management fees to the Company after they had been earned but 
before the fees had become payable. 
228. 
Schulte communicated these findings to the Company in September 2006. 
229. 
As a result of these findings, Gruss was effectively terminated from the Company 
on or about October 4, 2006, resigning on the verge of being fired. 
230. 
Within several days after Gruss's departure, Alisa Butchkowski, who was then the 
Controller of the Onshore Fund, informed senior management at the Company that there had 
been improper transfers of money between the Managed Funds. 
231. 
In October 2006, the Company retained Gibson Dunn to conduct an independent 
investigation of the issues that had come to light, with the assistance of Deloitte & Touche as 
special accountant. The Gibson Dunn partners assigned to this investigation were a former 
Executive Vice President for Enforcement of NASD, who had also formerly served as Chief 
EFTA00731310
--- PAGE 33 ---
Litigation Counsel at the SEC, and a former federal prosecutor. The Company also notified the 
SEC about its internal investigation into these issues. 
232. 
In October 2006, based on Schulte's findings, Zwim orally disclosed to investors, 
creditors, prime brokers, auditors, counterparties, and employees that management fees had been 
advanced early, that fund assets had been used to pay for non-fund expenses, and that Gruss had 
separated from the Company. 
Zwim also disclosed that the Company had learned about 
improper transfers of money between the Funds and that the Company had hired Gibson Dunn to 
conduct an independent review of all the issues that had come to light. 
233. 
The statements made in these disclosures were true. 
234. 
Gibson Dunn conducted a thorough, five-month investigation from November 
2006 to March 2007 into these issues and other issues that surfaced during the investigation. In 
the course of its investigation, Gibson Dunn conducted more than forty interview sessions with 
twenty-three people, including all members of senior management, virtually every employee in 
the finance department, and personnel in the Controller's office and operations departments. The 
individuals interviewed by Gibson Dunn included Zwim, Gruss and several people who reported 
to Gruss at the Company, including Alisa Butchkowski, Li Anne Law, Michelle O'Hara, and 
Jason Pecora. 
235. 
In addition, a team of approximately thirty attorneys under the supervision of 
Gibson Dunn reviewed more than one million pages of Company documents. 
236. 
Deloitte & Touche undertook a detailed review of the books and records of the 
Company and the Managed Funds, analyzed thousands of transactions, and participated in the 
Gibson Dunn interviews. 
EFTA00731311
--- PAGE 34 ---
237. 
Gibson Dunn's conclusions affirmed Schulte's original findings and included 
additional instances of misconduct by Gruss. 
238. 
Gibson Dunn concluded that Gruss had directed, approved, or been aware of 
improper conduct relating to transfers of money between the Managed Funds, use of investor 
money to finance the airplane purchase, alteration of financial reports, backdating of investment 
assignments between the funds, early payment of management fees, and use of investor money to 
fund capital calls for an investment held by Zwim and two other individuals, as set forth in 
Paragraphs 138 through 217 above. 
239. 
Gibson Dunn found no credible evidence that Zwim was aware of or participated 
in any of the improprieties. 
240. 
Gibson Dunn presented its findings to the SEC in early 2007. 
241. 
On March 26, 2007, the Company issued a memorandum to investors in the 
Managed Funds ("March 2007 Memo"), reporting on, among other things, the Gibson Dunn / 
Deloitte & Touche review. The March 2007 Memo announced the completion of the Gibson 
Dunn / Deloitte & Touche review, and summarized the findings that Gibson Dunn made. 
242. 
The statements made in the March 2007 Memo were true and accurate. 
243. 
Around the time that the March 2007 Memo was distributed to investors, Zwim 
made oral disclosures to investors, counterparties, prime brokers, and others in the financial 
community relating to Gibson Dunn's findings. 
244. 
Zwim made no false statements during these disclosures. 
THE EFFECT OF GRUSS'S MISCONDUCT 
245. 
Gruss's misconduct caused the Company to initiate two internal investigations, 
both of which required the services of attorneys, accountants and other professionals. As a 
EFTA00731312
--- PAGE 35 ---
result, the Company incurred substantial fees and expenses to the attorneys, accountants and 
other professionals. 
246. 
The Company disclosed Gruss's misconduct to the SEC, which commenced an 
investigation of the Company in or around March 2007. As a result, the Company incurred 
further substantial fees and expenses to additional attorneys, accountants and other professionals. 
247. 
In connection with these investigations, the Company incurred costs in excess of 
$34.8 million. 
248. 
In addition, the Company took various steps to remediate Gruss's misconduct. To 
make such remediation, the Company incurred costs in an amount to be proven at trial, but 
believed to be in excess of $8.5 million. 
249. 
In light of the Company's investigations, in December 2006, the Company 
decided to stop accepting money from new investors. 
250. 
Further, in light of the internal investigation caused by truss's misconduct, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers' 2006 audit of the Funds was materially delayed, and was not 
completed until December 2007. 
251. 
As a result of the disclosure that the Company made to the SEC, investors in the 
Managed Funds, and auditors, as well as the significant delay in the audit, there were $1.4 billion 
in investor redemptions from the Funds between September 2006 and November 2007. 
Eventually, investors submitted redemptions in excess of $2 billion from the Funds. 
252. 
In February 2008, the Company announced that it was winding down the Funds. 
253. 
In June 2009, the Managed Funds' remaining $2.5 billion in assets were 
transferred to an affiliate of Fortress Investment Group LLC, which took over managing those 
assets. 
EFTA00731313
--- PAGE 36 ---
AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSES 
FIRST AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
254. 
Plaintiff has failed to state a claim upon which relief may be granted. 
SECOND AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
255. 
Plaintiff's defamation claims are barred because the allegedly defamatory 
statements are expressions of opinion. 
THIRD AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
256. 
Plaintiff's defamation claims are barred because the allegedly defamatory 
statements are true. 
FOURTH AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
257. 
Plaintiff's defamation claims are barred because the allegedly defamatory 
statements are within the sphere of legitimate public concern and, in making the alleged 
statements, the Company and DBZLLC acted reasonably, in good faith, and in reliance on the 
conclusions reached as a result of the review conducted by outside counsel Schulte and the 
independent internal investigation conducted by Gibson Dunn. 
FIFTH AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
258. 
Plaintiff's defamation claims are barred because the allegedly defamatory 
statements were privileged under the self-interest and common interest privileges, and the 
Company's and DBZLLC's actions, respecting the subject matters alleged in the causes of 
action, were undertaken in good faith, with the absence of malicious intent to injure Gruss, and 
constituted lawful, proper and justified means to further the sole purpose of engaging in and 
continuing the Company's and DBZLLC's business. 
EFTA00731314
--- PAGE 37 ---
SIXTH AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
259. 
Gruss held the position, responsibilities and title of Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company from July 2002 to October 4, 2006. Gruss also held the position, responsibilities and 
title of Chief Administrative Officer of the Company from approximately April 2005 to October 
4, 2006. Gruss was also a partner in the Company and a member of DBZLLC from January 1, 
2006 to October 4, 2006. 
260. 
As Chief Financial Officer of, Chief Administrative Officer of, partner in the 
Company and/or member of DBZLLC, Gruss was assigned and had the duty and responsibility 
to supervise, and controlled, among other things, the financial affairs of the Company and the 
Managed Funds which the Company managed. These duties and responsibilities included, 
among other things, managing the Company's finance, accounting and treasury operations; 
supervising the Company's "back office;" assuring that the financial relations between the 
Company and the Managed Funds were proper and in accordance with the agreements and other 
documents regulating those relations; assuring that the financial relations between or among the 
Funds and Managed Accounts were proper and in accordance with the agreements and other 
documents regulating those relations; assuring that investments made by the Managed Funds 
were financed in a proper manner; assuring that financial transactions between the Company and 
the Managed Funds and between the Managed Funds were properly documented; and assuring 
that the financial affairs and rates of return of the Managed Funds were accurately and properly 
reported. 
261. 
By virtue of the foregoing, the Company and DBZLLC placed special trust in 
Gruss, relied on his judgment, entrusted him with the power to manage and control the property 
of the Company and of the Managed Funds, and relied on him to discharge his duties and 
EFTA00731315
--- PAGE 38 ---
responsibilities fully, properly and in good faith. Gruss owed a special duty to protect the 
interests of the Company and of the Managed Funds. 
262. 
By virtue of the foregoing, Gruss owed a fiduciary duty to the Company and 
DBZLLC. Gruss's fiduciary duties included a duty of care, to exercise the amount of care that 
ordinarily careful and prudent persons would use in similar circumstances. His fiduciary duties 
also included a duty of good faith, to act in the best interest of and with an honesty of purpose 
and a genuine care for the Company and the Managed Funds. 
263. 
By virtue of Gruss's actions, inactions and conduct set forth in Paragraphs 1 
through 253 above, Gruss breached his fiduciary duties to the Company and DBZLLC. Gruss 
violated his duties and responsibilities to the Company and the Managed Funds. Gruss acted 
intentionally and/or with gross negligence; he consciously and intentionally disregarded his 
responsibilities, and his conduct constituted reckless indifference to and/or deliberate disregard 
for the interests of the Company and the Managed Funds, and Gruss acted outside the bounds of 
reason. Gruss also failed to act with an honesty of purpose and a genuine care for the Company 
and the Managed Funds. He intentionally acted with a purpose other than advancing the best 
interests of the Company and the Managed Funds and failed to act in the face of a duty to act. 
264. 
By virtue of the foregoing, Gruss's breach of contract and promissory estoppel 
claims against the Company and DBZLLC are barred. 
SEVENTH AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
265. 
Gruss was a partner in the Company and a member of DBZLLC from January 1, 
2006 to October 4, 2006. 
266. 
Certain rights and obligations of a partner in the Company are set forth in the 
Limited Partnership Agreement of D.B. Zwirn & Co., L.P., dated as of March 24, 2004 ("LP 
EFTA00731316
--- PAGE 39 ---
Agreement"), as it may be amended. Certain rights and obligations of a member of DBZLLC are 
set forth in the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 
Highbridge/Zwim Partners, LLC, dated as of March 24, 2004, ("LLC Agreement") as it may be 
amended. 
267. 
Section 2.03 of the LP Agreement provides, in part, that each partner shall 
perform such duties relating to the Company and its investments as may be reasonably assigned 
to him from time to time by the General Partner, and that each partner agrees to perform his 
duties thereunder diligently, faithfully and loyally. 
268. 
Section 2.04 of the LLC Agreement, provides, in part, that each member shall 
perform such duties relating to DBZLLC and its investments as may be reasonably assigned to 
him from time to time by the Managing Member, and that each member agrees to perform his 
duties thereunder diligently, faithfully and loyally. 
269. 
DBZ GP, LLC, the General Partner of the Company, and Zwirn Holdings, LLC 
the Managing Member of DBZLLC, assigned Gruss the position and title of Chief Financial 
Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of the Company together with the duties and 
responsibilities of said positions, as set forth above. 
270. 
By virtue of the actions, inactions, and conduct described in Paragraphs 1 through 
253 above, Gruss did not perform his assigned duties and/or failed to perform his duties 
diligently, faithfully and loyally. 
271. 
Gruss failed to perform his material obligations under the LP Agreement and the 
LLC Agreement. 
272. 
Accordingly, Plaintiffs breach of contract and promissory estoppel claims are 
barred. 
EFTA00731317
--- PAGE 40 ---
EIGHTH AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE 
273. 
In connection with Gruss's partnership in the Company and membership in 
DBZLLC, a "Supplementary Agreement Among D.B. Zwirn & Co., L.P., D.B. Zwim Partners 
LLC and Perry A. Gruss" (the "Supplementary Agreement") and a Partner Confidentiality, 
Noncompete and Nonsolicit Agreement Among D.B. Zwim & Co., L.P., D.B. Zwim Partners, 
LLC, DBZ GP, LLC, Zwim Holdings, LLC and Perry A. Gruss ("Confidentiality Agreement") 
were prepared. Although these agreements were not fully executed, the parties intended to be 
bound by their terms. The Supplementary Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement, among 
other things, amended certain provisions of the LP Agreement and the LLC Agreement. 
274. 
As amended, Section 6.02 (b)(i) of the LP Agreement provides that in the event 
that a partner such as Gruss is terminated for a Forfeiting Event, or voluntarily withdraws for 
other than a "Good Reason" as defined in the Supplementary Agreement, Gruss "shall not be 
entitled to any unpaid Management Fees, Incentive Fees or any other Net Income in which Gruss 
would otherwise share...." 
275. 
As amended, Section 6.02(b)(i) of the LLC Agreement provides that in the event 
that a Member such as Gruss is terminated by DBZLLC for a Forfeiting Event, or voluntarily 
withdraws for other than a "Good Reason" as defined in the Supplementary Agreement, "such 
Member shall not be entitled to any portion of the unpaid Incentive Allocation or any other Net 
Income in which the Member would otherwise share...." 
276. 
As amended, the LP Agreement and the LLC Agreement define a Forfeiting 
Event to mean when the partner or member has, among other things, (a) willfully failed to 
substantially perform his duties under, among other things, the LP Agreement or the LLC 
Agreement; (b) willfully and materially breached the LP Agreement or the LLC Agreement; (c) 
EFTA00731318
--- PAGE 41 ---
acted grossly negligently or with willful misconduct; or (d) exhibited conduct tending to bring 
the Company into substantial disgrace or disrepute. 
277. 
Gruss's actions, inactions and conduct, as set forth in Paragraphs 1 through 253 
above, were Forfeiting Events because he (a) willfully failed to substantially perform his duties 
under the LP Agreement and the LLC Agreement, (b) willfully and materially breached the LP 
Agreement and LLC Agreement, (c) acted grossly negligently and with willful misconduct, and 
(d) exhibited conduct which tended to bring the Company into substantial disgrace or disrepute. 
278. 
Gruss was terminated from the Company and DBZLLC because of Gruss's 
actions, inactions and conduct constituting a Forfeiting Event. 
279. 
In the alternative, Gruss voluntarily withdrew from the Company and DBZLLC 
for reasons other than Good Reason. 
280. 
By reason of the foregoing, Gruss is not entitled to and has forfeited any right to 
any unpaid portion of Management Fees, Incentive Fees, Incentive Allocation, or any other Net 
Income in which he would otherwise share. 
COUNTERCLAIMS 
FIRST COUNTERCLAIM 
Breach of Fiduciary Duties 
281. 
The Company and DBZLLC repeat and reallege the allegations of Paragraphs 1 
through 280, above. 
282. 
Gruss held the position, responsibilities and title of Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company from July 2002 to October 4, 2006. Gruss also held the position, responsibilities and 
title of Chief Administrative Officer of the Company from approximately April 2005 to October 
4, 2006. Gruss was also a partner in the Company and a member of DBZLLC from January 1, 
2006 to October 4, 2006. 
EFTA00731319
--- PAGE 42 ---
283. 
As Chief Financial Officer of, Chief Administrative Officer of, partner in the 
Company and/or member in DBZLLC, Gruss was assigned and had the duty and responsibility 
to supervise, and controlled, among other things, the financial affairs of the Company and the 
Managed Funds which the Company managed. These duties and responsibilities included, 
among other things, managing the Company's finance, accounting and treasury operations; 
supervising the Company's "back office;" assuring that the financial relations between the 
Company and the Managed Funds were proper and in accordance with the agreements and other 
documents regulating those relations; assuring that the financial relations between or among the 
Managed Funds were proper and in accordance with the agreements and other documents 
regulating those relations; assuring that investments made by the Managed Funds were financed 
in a proper manner; assuring that financial transactions between the Company and the Managed 
Funds and between the Managed Funds were properly documented; and assuring that the 
financial affairs and rates of return of the Managed Funds were accurately and properly reported. 
284. 
By virtue of the foregoing, the Company and DBZLLC placed special trust in 
Grass, relied on his judgment, entrusted him with the power to manage and control the property 
of the Company and of the Managed Funds, and relied on him to discharge his duties and 
responsibilities fully, properly and in good faith. Gruss owed a special duty to protect the 
interests of the Company and of the Managed Funds. 
285. 
By virtue of the foregoing, Gruss owed a fiduciary duty to the Company and 
DBZLLC. Gruss's fiduciary duties included the duty of care, to exercise the amount of care that 
an ordinarily careful and prudent persons would use in similar circumstances. His fiduciary 
duties also included a duty of good faith, to act in the best interest of and with an honesty of 
purpose and a genuine care for the Company and the Managed Funds. 
EFTA00731320
--- PAGE 43 ---
286. 
By virtue of Gruss's actions, inactions and conduct set forth in Paragraphs 1 
through 253 above, Gruss breached his fiduciary duties to the Company and DBZLLC. Gruss 
violated his duties and responsibilities to the Company and the Funds and Managed Accounts. 
Gruss acted intentionally and/or with gross negligence, and his conduct constituted reckless 
indifference to and/or deliberate disregard for the interests of the Company and the Funds and 
Managed Accounts under its management, and Gruss acted outside the bounds of reason. Gruss 
also failed to act with an honesty of purpose and a genuine care for the Company and the Funds 
and Managed Accounts. 
287. 
Gruss's actions, inactions and conduct arose out of and/or is attributable to gross 
negligence, willful misconduct and/or bad faith by Gruss. 
288. 
Gruss's breaches of his fiduciary duties caused the Company enormous injury. 
Gruss's misconduct required and caused the Company to have two internal investigations 
performed. The investigations necessitated the services of attorneys, accountants and other 
professionals and caused the Company to incur substantial fees and expenses to said 
professionals. In addition, the Company disclosed Gruss's misconduct to the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission, which commenced an investigation of the Company in 
March 2007 and which investigation is not completed. As a result, the Company incurred yet 
further substantial fees and expenses to attorneys, accountants and other professionals. To date, 
Company's expenditures for such fees and expenses total at least $34.8 million. 
289. 
In addition, the Company took various steps to remediate Gruss's misconduct. To 
make such remediation, the Company incurred costs in an amount to be proven at trial, but 
believed to be in excess of $8.5 million. 
EFTA00731321
--- PAGE 44 ---
290. 
By reason of the foregoing, Gruss has damaged the Company in an amount to be 
determined at trial, but believed to be in excess of $43.3 million. 
SECOND COUNTERCLAIM 
Breach of Contract 
291. 
The Company and DBZLLC repeat and reallege the allegations of Paragraphs 1 
through 290, above. 
292. 
Gruss was a partner in the Company and a member of DBZLLC from January 1, 
2006 to October 4, 2006. 
293. 
Section 2.03 of the LP Agreement provides, in part, that each partner shall 
perform such duties relating to the Company and its investments as may be reasonably assigned 
to him from time to time by the General Partner, and that each partner agrees to perform his 
duties thereunder diligently, faithfully and loyally. 
294. 
Section 2.04 of the LLC Agreement, provides, in part, that each member shall 
perform such duties relating to DBZLLC and its investments as may be reasonably assigned to 
him from time to time by the Managing Member, and that each member agrees to perform his 
duties thereunder diligently, faithfully and loyally. 
295. 
DBZ GP, LLC, the General Partner of the Company, and Zwim Holdings, LLC, 
the Managing Member of DBZLLC, assigned Gruss the position and title of Chief Financial 
Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of the Company together with the duties and 
responsibilities of said positions, as set forth above. 
296. 
By virtue of the actions, inactions, and conduct described in Paragraphs 1 through 
253 above, Gruss did not perform his assigned duties and/or failed to perform his duties 
diligently, faithfully and loyally. 
EFTA00731322
--- PAGE 45 ---
297. 
By virtue of the foregoing, Gruss breached the LP Agreement and the LLC 
Agreement. 
298. 
Gruss's actions, inactions and conduct arose out of and/or is attributable to gross 
negligence, willful misconduct and/or bad faith by Gruss. 
299. 
Gruss's breaches of his contractual obligations caused the Company enormous 
injury. Gruss's misconduct required and caused the Company to have two internal investigations 
performed. The investigations necessitated the services of attorneys, accountants and other 
professionals and caused the Company to incur substantial fees and expenses to said 
professionals. In addition, the Company disclosed Gruss's misconduct to the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission, which commenced an investigation of the Company in 
March 2007 and which investigation is not completed. As a result, the Company incurred yet 
further substantial fees and expenses to attorneys, accountants and other professionals. To date, 
Company's expenditures for such fees and expenses total at least $34.8 million. 
300. 
In addition, the Company took various steps to remediate Gruss's misconduct. To 
make such remediation, the Company incurred costs in an amount to be proven at trial, but 
believed to be in excess of $8.5 million. 
301. 
By reason of the foregoing, Gruss has damaged the Company in an amount to be 
determined at trial, but believed to be in excess of $43.3 million. 
WHEREFORE, the Company and DBZLLC respectfully request judgment against 
plaintiff dismissing the Complaint in its entirety with prejudice; granting judgment against 
plaintiff on the counterclaims asserted herein in an amount to be determined at trial, but believed 
to be in excess of $43.3 million; and granting other relief as this Court may deem just and proper. 
EFTA00731323
--- PAGE 46 ---
Date!: October 5, 2009 
New York, NY 
COOLEY GODWARD ICRO SH LLP 
By:. 
Alan Levine 
William O'Brien 
Maxine Sleeper 
Katie Krajeck 
1114 Avenue of the Aznericas 
New York, New York 10036 
(212) 479-6000 
Email: alevine@icoolev.com 
Email: wobrien@coolev.com 
Email: msleeper@,coolev.com 
Email: kkrajeck(a,coolev.com 
Attorneys for Defendants 
D.B. Zwirn & Co., LP. and D.B. Zwirn 
'Farmers, LLC 
EFTA00731324
--- PAGE 47 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing Answer and Counterclaims of Defendants D.B. Zwim & Co., 
L.P. and D.B. Zwim Partners, LLC, dated October 5, 2009, was served by electronic means 
through the Court's ECF system on October 5, 2009 and by Federal Express upon: 
Jeffrey L. Liddle, Esq. 
Liddle & Robinson, LLP 
800 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
jliddle®liddlerobinson.com 
ebrecher@liddlerobinson.com 
mkodner@liddlerobinson.com 
John Siffert, Esq. 
Lankier Siffert & Wohl LLP 
500 Fifth Avenue, 33n0 Floor 
New York, NY 10110 
jsiffert(alswlaw.com 
drevnolds0swlaw.com 
alee@lswlaw.com 
Dated: New York, New York 
October 5, 2009 
s/ Alan Levine 
Alan Levine 
EFTA00731325

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731326.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM Document 168 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12:10:2009 Page 1 of 9 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
NO. 08-80811-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
Defendants. 
ORDER AND OPINION 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Dismiss 
First Amended Complaint for Failure to State a Cause of Action, and Motion for More Definite 
Statement; Motion to Strike (DE 47). The motion is fully briefed and ripe for review. The Court 
has carefully reviewed the motion, response, and reply, and is otherwise fully advised in the 
premises. 
Background 
On July 21, 2008, Plaintiff filed her Complaint against Defendants (DE I), which was 
replaced on February 2, 2009 by an Amended Complaint (DE 40). Plaintiff brings suit alleging 
Counts I-XXX - Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 against Defendant Epstein; Count 
XXXI - Sexual Battery against Defendant Epstein; and Count XXXII - Conspiracy to Commit 
Tortious Assault Against Defendant 
EFTA00731326
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM Document 168 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/10/2009 Page 2 of 9 
The facts, as alleged in the Amended Complaint, are as follows: At all relevant times, 
Defendant was an adult male, born in 1953. Compl. ¶ 5. Defendant has demonstrated a sexual 
preference and obsession for minor girls. Compl. ¶ 9. Defendant engaged in a plan and scheme 
in which he gained access to primarily economically disadvantaged minor girls in his home, 
sexually assaulted these girls and/or coerced them to engage in prostitution, and in return gave 
them money. Compl. ¶ 10. The then minor Plaintiff and other minor girls were brought to 
Defendant's residence by Defendant's employees and assistants. Compl.  10. When the 
employees and assistants left the minor alone in a room at Defendant's mansion, Defendant 
would appear, remove his clothing, and direct Plaintiff to remove her clothing. Compl. ¶ 10. He 
would then perform one or more lewd, lascivious, and sexual acts, including, but not limited to, 
masturbation, touching of Plaintiff's breasts and buttock, and solicitation and enticement of 
Plaintiff to engage in sexual acts with another female in Defendant's presence. Compl. 1 10. 
Defendant used his resources and his influence over a vulnerable minor child to engage in a 
systematic pattern of sexually exploitive behavior. Compl. ¶ 12. 
In or about late May or early June of 2002, Plaintiff, then fifteen years old, was first 
brought to Defendant's mansion. Compl. ¶ 11. Beginning in approximately late May or early 
June of 2002, and continuing until approximately August of 2003, Defendant coerced and enticed 
Plaintiff to commit various acts of sexual misconduct. Compl. ¶ 13. These acts occurred, on 
average, one to three times per week from late May or early June of 2002 until August of 2003. 
Compl.  13. At a minimum, these acts occurred twice a month from June 2002 until August of 
2003. Compl. ¶ 13. 
It is alleged that the acts Defendant committed against Plaintiff violated numerous 
EFTA00731327
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM Document 168 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/10/2009 Page 3 of 9 
criminal State and Federal statutes condemning sexual exploitation of minor children, 
prostitution, sexual performance by a child, lewd and lascivious assaults, sexual battery, 
contributing to the delinquency of a minor and other crimes, including, but not limited to, those 
crimes designated in 18 U.S.C. §§ 2241, 2242, 2243, 2421, and 2423, criminal offenses outlined 
in Chapter 800 of the Federal Codes, as well as those designated in Florida Statutes §§ 796.03, 
796.07, 796.045, 796.04, 39.01, and 827.04. Compl. ¶ 15. Defendant, at all material times, 
knew and should have known of Plaintiff's minority. Compl.  16. 
In June 2008, in the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in Palm Beach County, Florida, Defendant 
entered pleas of "guilty" to various Florida state crimes involving the solicitation of minors for 
prostitution and the procurement of minors for the purpose of prostitution. Compl.  17. As a 
condition of that plea, and in exchange for the Federal Government not prosecuting Defendant 
for numerous federal offenses, Defendant additionally entered into an agreement with the Federal 
Government which provides, in relevant part: 
Any person, who while a minor, was a victim of an offense enumerated in 
Title 18, United States Code, Section 2255, will have the same rights to proceed 
under section 2255 as she would have had, if Mr. Epstein had been tried federally 
and convicted of an enumerated offense. For purposes of implementing this 
paragraph, the United States shall provide Mr. Epstein's attorneys with a list of 
individuals whom it was prepared to name in an indictment as victims of an 
enumerated offense by Mr. Epstein. Any judicial authority interpreting this 
provision, including any authority determining evidentiary burdens if any a 
Plaintiff must meet, shall consider that it is the intent of the parties to place these 
identified victims in the same position as they would have been had Mr. Epstein 
been convicted at trial. No more; no less. 
Compl.  19. 
In Count I - Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255, Plaintiff alleges as follows: In 
late May or early June of 2002, Plaintiff was brought to Defendant's residence by her female 
EFTA00731328
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM Document 168 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/10/2009 Page 4 of 9 
friend. Compl. ¶ 21. Plaintiff sat on the couch while the female friend took off her own clothes, 
mounted Defendant who was wearing only a towel and lying on a table, and performed a sexual 
act upon Defendant in the presence of Plaintiff. Compl. ¶ 21. In exchange for her participation 
as an observer', Plaintiff was paid $300 by Defendant. Compl.  21. 
In Count II, Plaintiff alleges that, appproximately one week after the first incident, 
Plaintiff received a telephone call from Defendant requesting that she return to his residence. 
Compl.  27. On this occasion, Defendant directed Plaintiff to undress to her brassiere and 
underwear and to provide him with a massage. Compl.  27. At the conclusion of the massage, 
Defendant masturbated himself in Plaintiff's presence. Compl. ¶ 27. Defendant paid Plaintiff 
$300 for this encounter. Compl. ¶ 27. 
In Count III, Plaintiff alleges that, in July of 2002, Plaintiff again returned to Defendant's 
residence at his request. Compl. ¶ 33. On this occasion, Defendant directed Plaintiff to undress 
to her underwear and to provide him with a massage. Compl. ¶ 33. At the conclusion of the 
massage, Defendant masturbated himself in Plaintiff's presence. Compl. ¶ 33. Defendant paid 
Plaintiff in excess of $200 for this encounter. Compl. ¶ 33. 
In Count IV, Plaintiff alleges that, for a second time in July of 2002, Plaintiff returned to 
Defendant's residence at his request. Compl. ¶ 39. Defendant directed Plaintiff to fully undress 
and to provide him with a massage. Compl. ¶ 39. Defendant fondled the breasts and the 
buttocks of Plaintiff. Compl. 1 39. At the conclusion of the massage, Defendant masturbated 
himself in Plaintiff's presence. Compl. ¶ 39. Defendant paid Plaintiff in excess of $200 for this 
encounter. Compl.  39. 
'The underlining serves to highlight differences in the allegations in the first four counts. 
EFTA00731329
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM Document 168 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/10/2009 Page 5 of 9 
In Counts V-XXX - Causes of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255, Plaintiff alleges 
twenty-six additional encounters of sexual nature between Plaintiff and Defendant, similar to the 
allegations in Count IV, occurring on separate dates at Defendant's residence during the period of 
August of 2002 through August of 2003. Compl. ¶ 44-199. 
In Count XXXI - Sexual Battery against Defendant Epstein, Plaintiff alleges that between 
late May or early June of 2002 and August of 2003, Defendant engaged in dozens of illegal and 
depraved sexual acts against Plaintiff. Compl.  201. Defendant intentionally inflicted harmful 
and/or offensive contact on Plaintiff. Compl. ¶ 202. Defendant's commission of sexual battery 
upon Plaintiff was done willfully and maliciously. Comp!. ¶ 203. As a direct and proximate 
result of Defendant's battery on Plaintiff, she has suffered and will continue to suffer severe and 
permanent traumatic injuries, including mental, psychological and emotional damages. Compl. ¶ 
204. 
Defendant argues in his motion to dismiss that Counts I - XXX of the Complaint, causes 
of action pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255, must be dismissed because Plaintiff can seek damages 
under this statute only one time per victim, not per incident. Defendant also argues that Counts I 
- XXX should be dismissed pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(bX6) because Plaintiff has failed to 
allege a violation of the requisite predicate act as identified in 18 U.S.C. § 2255. Lastly, 
Defendant contends that Count XXXI, sexual battery, should be dismissed for failure to state a 
cause of action because (1) Plaintiff has failed to allege the requisite elements of the claim; (2) 
Plaintiff fails to sufficiently allege whether the claim is being brought pursuant to common or 
statutory law; and (3) Count XXX reincorporates in their entirety Counts I-XXX. 
Plaintiff responds that the Court should deny the motion because the pleadings at issue 
EFTA00731330
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM Document 168 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/10/2009 Page 6 of 9 
provide Defendant with sufficient notice of the underlying factual bases for the claims raised in 
the thirty-one counts. 
Standard of Review 
In deciding a motion to dismiss pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6), a 
court must accept all factual allegations in a complaint as true and take them in the light most 
favorable to the plaintiff. See Erickson v. Pardus, 127 S.Ct. 2197, 2200 (2007). To satisfy the 
pleading requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 8, a complaint must contain a short and 
plain statement showing an entitlement to relief, and the statement must "give the defendant fair 
notice of what the plaintiffs claim is and the grounds upon which it rests." Swierkiewicz v. 
Sorema N.A., 534 U.S. 506, 512 (2002) (citing Fed. R. Civ. P. 8); see also Bell Atlantic Corp. v. 
Twombly, 127 S.Ct. 1955, 1964 (2007); Dura Pharm., Inc. v. Broudo, 544 U.S. 336, 346 (2005). 
This is a liberal pleading requirement, one that does not require a plaintiff to plead with 
particularity every element of a cause of action. Roe v. Aware Woman Ctr. for Choice, Inc., 253 
F.3d 678, 683 (11th Cir. 2001). Instead, the complaint need only "contain either direct or 
inferential allegations respecting all the material elements necessary to sustain a recovery under 
some viable legal theory." Id. (internal citation and quotation omitted). "A complaint need not 
specify in detail the precise theory giving rise to recovery. All that is required is that the 
defendant be on notice as to the claim being asserted against him and the grounds on which it 
rests." Sams v. United Food and Cornml Workers Intl Union, 866 F.2d 1380, 1384 (I I th Cir. 
1989). 
"While a complaint attacked by a Rule 12(b)(6) motion to dismiss does not need detailed 
factual allegations, [ ] a plaintiffs obligation to provide the 'grounds' of his 'entitlement to relief' 
EFTA00731331
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM Document 168 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/10/2009 Page 7 of 9 
requires more than labels and conclusions, and a formulaic recitation of the elements of a cause 
of action will not do." Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly, 127 S.Ct. at 1964-65 (citations omitted). 
"Factual allegations must be enough to raise a right to relief above the speculative level on the 
assumption that all of the complaint's allegations are true." Id. at 1965. Plaintiff must plead 
enough facts to state a plausible basis for the claim. Id. 
Discussion 
Counts I - XXX - Cause of Action Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
Counts I-XXX allege causes of action pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 against Defendant 
Epstein. Compl.  1-199. The parties devote a great deal of attention to the issue of whether 
Plaintiff can recover damages under 18 U.S.C. § 2255 per violation or only one time per victim 
regardless of the number of violations. However, as the Court stated in a previous Order in this 
case, "D]ssues regarding the minimum amount of damages available to Plaintiff under 18 U.S.C. 
§ 2255 do not affect whether Plaintiff has stated a claim and are not appropriate for a motion to 
dismiss. These damages issues will be resolved at summary judgment or trial." See DE 101, 
entered May 29, 2009. Defendant also argues that Plaintiff cannot seek punitive damages under 
her claims pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255. The Court notes that Plaintiff is not precluded from 
seeking punitive damages under her common law claim for the tort of sexual battery. As 
punitive damages are available to Plaintiff and she is seeking them, see Count XXXI, the Court 
need not determine at this time whether Plaintiff can seek punitive damages under her statutory 
claims as well. 
Defendant also argues that Counts I - XXX should be dismissed pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. 
P. I2(b)(6) because Plaintiff has failed to allege a violation of the requisite predicate act as 
EFTA00731332
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM Document 168 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/10/2009 Page 8 of 9 
identified in 18 U.S.C. § 2255. Plaintiff agrees that she should re-plead Counts I through XXX 
to address the Court's concerns as stated in prior Orders in Jane Doe Nos. 1-6 v. Epstein that the 
pleadings were ambiguous as to the complaint's identification of the requisite predicate act. 
Plaintiff requests the Court authorize Plaintiff to so amend to specifically identify any predicate 
act upon which she relies in advancing the claim under 18 U.S.C. § 2255. Plaintiff shall be 
permitted to amend her complaint accordingly. 
Count XXXI - Sexual Battery against Defendant Epstein 
Lastly, Defendant contends that Count XXXI, sexual battery, should be dismissed for 
failure to state a cause of action because (1) Plaintiff has failed to allege the requisite elements of 
the claim; (2) Plaintiff fails to sufficiently allege whether the claim is being brought pursuant to 
common or statutory law; and (3) Count XXXI reincorporates in their entirety Counts I-XXX. 
Upon review of the Complaint, the Court finds that Count XXXI adequately pleads a 
common law cause of action for sexual battery. See Compl. ¶ 200-204. "A battery is defined as 
an unlawful touching or striking or the use of force against the person of another with the 
intention of bringing about a harmful or offensive contact or apprehension thereof." McDonald v. 
Ford 223 So.2d 553, 555 (Fla. 2nd DCA 1969), quoting 3 Flalur., Assault and Battery, § 3. A 
battery consists of the infliction of a harmful or offensive contact upon another with the intent to 
cause such contact or the apprehension that such contact is imminent. Paul v. Holbrook, 696 
So.2d 1311, 1312 (Fla. 5th DCA 1997); Sullivan v. Atlantic Fed. Say. & Loan Ass'n, 454 So.2d 
52, 54 (Fla. 4th DCA 1984), review denied, 461 So.2d 116 (Fla.1985). Here, in addition to the 
earlier-pled allegations incorporated by reference alleging dozens of incidents of unlawful, 
harmful, and offensive contact inflicted by Defendant upon Plaintiff, Plaintiff also alleges that 
EFTA00731333
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM Document 168 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/10/2009 Page 9 of 9 
Defendant intentionally inflicted the harmful and/or offensive contact upon Plaintiff and that it 
was done willfully and maliciously. Complig 202-203. Plaintiff has alleged the requisite 
elements of the common law tort claim. 
Nonetheless, Defendant is correct that Plaintiff's incorporation of all prior paragraphs 1-
199 into Count XXXI is overinclusive. Accordingly, Plaintiff shall re-plead Count XXXI to 
incorporate only the prior paragraphs which specifically relate to Plaintiff's common law sexual 
battery claim and not to incorporate those prior paragraphs which relate to other statutory claims. 
Based on the foregoing, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to 
Dismiss First Amended Complaint for Failure to State a Cause of Action, and Motion for More 
Definite Statement; Motion to Strike (DE 47) is GRANTED IN PART AND DENIED IN 
PART as follows: Plaintiff is authorized to amend Counts I - XXX of her complaint to 
specifically plead any predicate act upon which she relies in advancing the claim under 18 U.S.C. 
§ 2255. Additionally, Plaintiff shall re-plead Count XXXI, sexual battery, to incorporate only the 
prior paragraphs which specifically relate to Plaintiff's common law sexual battery claim and not 
to include those prior paragraphs which relate to other statutory claims. 
The remainder of Defendant's Motion is denied. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 10th day of December, 2009. 
Copies furnished to: 
4se-C-
all counsel of record 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
EFTA00731334

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731335.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731335.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 0:07-cr-60209-WPD Document 40 
Entered on FLSD Docket 11/07/2007 Page 1 of 7 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 07-60209-CR-DIMITROULEAS/SELTZER 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
vs. 
KENNETH C. JENNE, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES' UNOPPOSED OBJECTIONS 
TO THE PRESENTENCE INVESTIGATION REPORT 
The United States, by and through the undersigned Assistant United States Attorneys, hereby 
files its objections to the revised Presentence Investigation Report ("PSI") dated October 30, 2007. 
Contrary to the parties' jointly stipulated recommendation and the prevailing case law, the PSI 
incorrectly groups all four counts of conviction into a single group. As a result, the PSI miscalculates 
the defendant's advisory sentencing range as being12 to 18 months. The United States hereby asks 
this Court to apply the grouping rules in the manner contemplated by the parties' plea agreement 
and, thereby, to arrive at the proper advisory sentencing range of 18 to 24 months. Jenne's defense 
attorney, J. David Bogenschutz, has advised the undersigned Assistant United States Attorneys that 
he has no objection to this request. 
BACKGROUND 
On September 5. 2007, the defendant, Kenneth C. Jenne, pled guilty to one count of 
conspiracy to commit mail fraud and three counts of filing a false tax return. The parties entered 
into a written plea agreement containing a joint recommendation as to how the parties believe the 
Court should apply the Sentencing Guidelines to the defendant. See Plea Agreement at ¶ 7. 
EFTA00731335
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 0:07-cr-60209-WPD Document 40 
Entered on FLSD Docket 11/07/2007 Page 2 of 7 
According to the parties' joint recommendation, "under § 3D1.2, the three false tax return counts 
are grouped together and the conspiracy to commit mail fraud count is grouped separately." Id. The 
parties also jointly agreed to recommend that "two levels are added because of the defendant's abuse 
of his position of public trust." Id. The joint recommendation further specified that, in the parties' 
view, after the various grouping calculations are completed, "the combined offense level is 15" 
which "results in an applicable advisory guideline range for the defendant of 18 to 24 months." Id. 
Despite the parties' agreement as to the proper Guidelines calculations, the PSI grouped all 
four counts of conviction in a single group. See PSI at 1 93. According to the PSI, the mail fraud 
conspiracy count is "grouped with the tax counts, pursuant to § 3D1.2(c), because [the mail fraud 
conspiracy count] embodies conduct that is treated as a specific offense characteristic in § 2T1.1," 
the guideline applicable to the tax counts. Id. Because of the way the grouping rules work, the 
decision to group all counts of conviction in a single count results in an overall two-level difference 
in Jenne's combined offense level. Rather than the combined offense level of 15 jointly 
recommended by the parties, the PSI calculated a combined offense level of 13. Accordingly, the 
PSI calculated an advisory guideline range of 12 to 18 months' imprisonment, as opposed to the 18 
to 24 month range that the parties contemplated. 
DISCUSSION 
I. 
THE CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT MAIL FRAUD COUNT SHOULD BE GROUPED 
SEPARATELY FROM THE TAX COUNTS. 
As noted above, the PSI improperly grouped all four counts of conviction together pursuant 
to § 3D1.2(c). See PSI at 1 93. Section 3D1.2(c) provides, in pertinent part, that "[a]ll counts 
involving substantially the same harm shall be grouped together into a single Group. Counts involve 
substantially the same harm within the meaning of this rule ... . [w]hen one of the counts embodies 
EFTA00731336
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 0:07-cr-60209-WPD Document 40 
Entered on FLSD Docket 11/07/2007 Page 3 of 7 
conduct that is treated as a specific offense characteristic in, or other adjustment to, the guideline 
applicable to another of the counts." U.S.S.G. § 3D1.2(c). In other words, when the conduct from 
one count is already fully captured by an adjustment in the guideline calculations for another count, 
those two counts should be grouped together. The Commentary to § 3D1.2(c) further provides that 
"[o]f course, this rule applies only if the offenses are closely related." U.S.S.G. § 3D1.2(c), 
Application Note 5. For grouping to be proper under § 3D1.2(c), both circumstances must be 
present. See United States v. Martin, 363 F.3d 25, 42 (1' Cir. 2004) ("Thus, even when one count 
embodies conduct treated as an adjustment to a second count, the counts cannot be properly grouped 
under § 3D1.2(c) unless they are `closely related."). 
Where, as here, a defendant fails to report proceeds from a mail fraud conspiracy on his 
taxes, the grouping provisions of § 3D1.2(c) do not apply. First, a mail fraud conspiracy does not 
embody conduct treated as a "specific offense characteristic" in § 2T1.1, the guideline that governs 
the tax counts. While it is true that § 2T1.1 does provide for a two-level enhancement where "the 
defendant failed to report or to correctly identify the source of income exceeding $10,000 in any 
year from criminal activity," U.S.S.G. § 2T1.1(b)(1), such adjustment is simply "too broad to require 
the conclusion that it encompasses [mail] fraud in particular" as required for grouping under § 
3D1.2(c). United States v. Vucko, 473 F.3d 773, 779 (7th Cir. 2007)• see also United States v. 
Peterson, 312 F.3d 1300, 1302-04 (10th Cir. 2002) (holding that "the specific offense characteristic 
for failure to report criminally-derived income is not sufficiently based here on conduct embodied 
in the mail fraud count as to warrant grouping"); United States v. Astoni 923 F.2d 1052, 1056 (3rd
Cir. 1991) (holding that specific offense characteristic applicable to tax offenses did not "constitute 
conduct embodied in the fraud count"). As the Seventh Circuit recently held: 
EFTA00731337
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 0:07-cr-60209-WPD Document 40 
Entered on FLSD Docket 11/07/2007 Page 4 of 7 
To suggest that any criminal offense that produces income is subsumed into 
the tax guidelines calculation with a two-level enhancement is to create a 
category without limits. This is different from possessing a gun during a bank 
offense, where precisely that conduct is identified as a specific offense 
characteristic, or obstruction of justice, which is a specific adjustment under 
§ 3C1.1. There is a distinction between saying that any underlying criminal 
act increases the offense level and that a specific underlying act increases the 
offense level. 
Vucko 473 F.3d at 779. In addition, as is reflected in the Commentary to § 2T1.1, the purpose of 
the two-level enhancement is to address the problem that Ic]riminally derived income is generally 
difficult to establish, so that the tax loss in such cases will tend to be substantially understated," not 
to award additional punishment reflecting the harm from an underlying fraud. U.S.S.G. § 2T1.1, 
Commentary; see Vucko 473 F.3d at 779. Moreover, because of the way the Guidelines 
calculations work in this case, grouping Jenne's four counts of conviction together "would have the 
anomalous result that an enhancement designed to increase a sentence has the effect of reducing it." 
United States v. Vitale 159 F.3d 810, 814 (3rd Cir. 1998). For all of these reasons, the two-level 
enhancement found in § 211.1(b)(1) does not constitute the type of "specific offense characteristic" 
required to trigger the grouping provisions of § 3D1.2(c). 
Second, Jenne's conviction for conspiracy to commit mail fraud should not be grouped with 
his tax convictions because they are not "closely related" as required by § 3D1.2(c). U.S.S.G. § 
3D1.2(c), Application Note 5; see Martin 363 F.3d at 42. In comparison to the tax counts, Jenne's 
conviction for conspiracy to commit mail fraud was "based on different elements, affected different 
victims, and involved different criminal conduct. To commit these crimes, the defendant had to 
make separate decisions to violate different laws." Peterson 312 F.3d at 1303. Thus, grouping 
Jenne's four counts of conviction together under § 3D1.2(c) is improper. See Vucko 473 F.3d at 
779 (declining to group tax count with fraud count because "Vucko committed two different crimes, 
EFTA00731338
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 0:07-cr-60209-WPD Document 40 
Entered on FLSD Docket 11/07/2007 Page 5 of 7 
causing two different harms and harming two different victims. She did so at different times through 
different actions."); Martin 363 F.3d at 42-43 (holding "connection between the two crimes [of 
fraud and tax evasion] too tenuous to be deemed `closely related' as required by § 3D1.2(c)); 
Peterson 312 F.3d at 1303 ("We are convinced that tax evasion and mail fraud are not closely 
related because the victims of tax evasion and mail fraud are not the same, the offenses involve 
distinct behaviors . . . and the harms attributable to each crime are dissimilar."); Weinberger v. 
United States 268 F.3d 346, 355 (6th Cir. 2001) (rejecting grouping pursuant to § 3D1.2(c) because 
the "fraud counts and the tax count consisted of different elements, affected different victims and 
involved different criminal conduct"); Vitale 159 F.3d at 813-14 (recognizing that "the counts here 
involve different victims ... different harms and different types of conduct" and rejecting grouping 
of wire fraud and tax evasion counts pursuant to § 3D1.2(c)). But see United States v. Haltom 113 
F.3d 43 (5" Cir. 1997) (holding that fraud counts and tax evasion counts should be grouped together 
under § 3D I .2(c)). 
The specific facts of this case make grouping the four counts together under § 3D1.2(c) 
particularly unwarranted, as the counts of conviction here are even less "closely related" than in 
other cases where grouping has been rejected. For example, in the majority of the reported cases 
cited above, the defendant was convicted of tax counts that were based solely on the defendant's 
failure to report funds obtained through fraud. Here, in contrast, the money that Jenne obtained 
through the conspiracy to commit mail fraud figures in only one of the three tax counts (Count 4), 
and even with regard to that single count, comprises only part of the income that Jenne knowingly 
failed to report for that tax year. Put another way, the three tax counts in the Information reflect a 
total of $68,798 in unreported income. The majority of that unreported income (approximately 
EFTA00731339
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 0:07-cr-60209-WPD Document 40 
Entered on FLSD Docket 11/07/2007 Page 6 of 7 
$40,279 of the $68,798 total) relates to Jenne's failure to report payments made for his benefit by 
his former law firm concerning a Mercedes convertible, not to money obtained through the 
conspiracy to commit mail fraud. Accordingly, regardless of whether this Court accepts or rejects 
the majority rule that a tax count based on a defendant's failure to report fraud proceeds on his taxes 
is not "closely related" to the underlying fraud count for purposes of grouping under § 3D1.2, the 
counts of conviction in this particular case bear no such close relation. See United States v. Tanner, 
No. 06-10107, 2007 WL 2859664, at *3 (9'h Cir. Oct. 1,2007) (rejecting grouping under § 3D1.2 
where majority of unreported income forming basis of tax counts was from source unrelated to fraud 
count). Grouping under § 3D1.2(c) is therefore not proper here. 
CONCLUSION 
For all of the foregoing reasons, this Court should reject the PSI's conclusion that the four 
counts of conviction should be grouped together pursuant to § 3D1.2(c) and should instead compute 
Jenne's advisory guideline sentence in accordance with the joint recommendation contained in the 
parties' plea agreement. As a result, this Court should calculate Jenne's combined offense level to 
be 15 and his advisory guideline range to be 18 - 24 months. 
Respectfully submitted, 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
By: s/ Matthew S. Axelrod 
Michael Patrick Sullivan 
Fla. Bar No. 134814 
Matthew S. Axelrod 
Court ID No. A5500771 
Assistant United States Attorneys 
N.E. 4th Street 
Miami, Florida 33132-2111 
Tel: (305) 961-9021 
Fax: (305) 536-7213 
EFTA00731340
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 0:07-cr-60209-WPD Document 40 
Entered on FLSD Docket 1V07/2007 Page 7 of 7 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on November 7, 2007, I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is 
being served this day on all counsel of record via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing 
generated by CM/ECF. 
s/ Matthew S. Axelrod 
Matthew S. Axelrod 
EFTA00731341

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731342.pdf
----------------------------------------
Program for Evolutionary Dynamics, Harvard University 
The Program for Evolutionary Dynamics (PED) is a multi-disciplinary research 
center which does cutting edge research at the interface of biology, mathematics, 
physics and computer science. The program consists of a team of visiting professors, 
research fellows and Ph-D students led by Martin Nowak, Professor of Mathematics 
and Biology at Harvard University. 
The fundamental laws of nature are written in the language of mathematics. Our 
goal is to discover the mathematical principles of life. Living systems are those that 
have arisen by evolution and are capable of undergoing further evolution. The 
fundamental forces of evolutionary dynamics are mutation, selection and 
cooperation. Mutation generates diversity, selection drives adaptation, cooperation 
allows the construction of higher levels of organization. Cooperation is the architect 
of all major steps in evolution from the origin of life, to the emergence of the first 
cell, multi-cellular organisms, advanced social behavior and human language. 
Our main discoveries over the last few years include: 
1. Five mechanisms for the evolution of cooperation. (Natural selection is based on 
competition and therefore opposes cooperation; we have shown how cooperation 
can be victorious in a competitive world.) 
2. A theory that explains the origin of evolution as a continuous transition from 
prelife to life. 
3. The first quantitative model for the accumulation of driver and passenger 
mutations in cancer progression (in collaboration with Bert Vogelstein). 
4. The fundamental laws that determine how population structure affect 
evolutionary dynamics. 
5. A new theory for the emergence of advanced social behavior (in collaboration 
with E. O. Wilson). 
6. Quantitative rules of language change. 
Ever since its foundation in 2003, the Program for Evolutionary Dynamics has an 
impressive record of definitive scholarship. In 7 years the members of PED have 
produced more than 250 research papers, with 18 of those in Nature and Science 
(including several front covers). Three PhD students of PED were elected to the 
prestigious Harvard Society of Fellows. Corina Tarnita won the first prize for the 
best PhD thesis in mathematics. Erez Lieberman won the MIT Lemelson Prize for 
transformative work in linguistic and genomics. Martin Nowak won numerous 
awards and is one of the most highly cited scientists in theoretical biology (about 
23000 citations for 300 papers; h-index 74). 
EFTA00731342

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731343.pdf
----------------------------------------
Program for Evolutionary Dynamics, Harvard University 
The Program for Evolutionary Dynamics (PED) is a multi-disciplinary research 
center which does cutting edge research at the interface of biology, mathematics, 
physics and computer science. The program consists of a team of visiting professors, 
research fellows and Ph-D students led by Martin Nowak, Professor of Mathematics 
and Biology at Harvard University. 
Our goal is to discover the mathematical principles of life. Living systems are those 
that have arisen by evolution and are capable of undergoing further evolution. The 
fundamental forces of evolutionary dynamics are mutation, selection and 
cooperation. Mutation generates diversity, selection drives adaptation, cooperation 
allows the construction of higher levels of organization. Cooperation is the architect 
of all major steps in evolution from the origin of life, to the emergence of the first 
cell, multi-cellular organisms, advanced social behavior and human language. 
Our main discoveries over the last few years include: 
1. A new theory for the evolution of eusociality (in collaboration with E.O. Wilson); 
2. Evolutionary set theory; 
3. Evolutionary graph theory; 
4. The fundamental law of spatial selection; 
5. Five rules for the evolution of cooperation; 
6. An analytic theory for group selection; 
7. Prelife; 
8. The first quantitative model for the in vivo kinetics of a human cancer; 
9. Accumulation of drivers and passengers in cancer progression; 
10. Quantitative rules of language change. 
Ever since its foundation in 2003, the Program for Evolutionary Dynamics has an 
impressive record of definitive scholarship. In 7 years the members of PED have 
produced more than 250 research papers, with 18 of those in Nature and Science 
(including several front covers). Three PhD students of PED were elected to the 
prestigious Harvard Society of Fellows. Corina Tarnita won the first prize for the 
best PhD thesis in mathematics. Erez Lieberman won the MIT Lemelson Prize for 
transformative work in linguistic and genomics. Martin Nowak won numerous 
awards and is one of the most highly cited scientists in theoretical biology (about 
23000 citations for 300 papers; h-index 74). 
EFTA00731343

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731344.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731344.pdf
----------------------------------------
1.george Mitchell 
Cayne 
Noah 
Vera 
Avi 
Faith 
ommyy 
Verw 
Bark 
Jennie 
Olya 
Brock 
Barbro 
Jess banks 
Axel 
Columbia 
Cipriani 
Jospehson 
Ramsey 
Regina 
Leon 
Henry 
Krause 
Andrew farkas 
Joeyp 
Molyn 
Ace Greenberg 
Peggy 
Lily 
Marty alan riley 
Kosslyn 
Wilson 
Glasses-trapp 
Novak 
Harvard 
Vanessa 
Barrack 
Lana 
Danoiel 
Dasha 
Ciprianai 
Valson 
EFTA00731344
--- PAGE 2 ---
Merkin 
Doug 
Kevin law 
Marvin 
Eduardo 
Al 
Billrichardson 
Tinabrown 
Boris 
Melz 
Zeff 
Reid 
Jeanluc 
Nicole 
Forstman 
Jason 
Marsallrose 
Schertzman 
Glenntudor 
Jes 
Terje 
Richardjohnson 
Warwick 
Niaomo 
Pristker 
Mottola 
Ovitz 
Nathan 
Peter david motchelll 
Mattusaw 
Barnaby 
Church 
Roger 
Chucl harper 
Set 
Val Kilmer 
Weinsten 
Blavatnik 
Eva 
Koch 
Sultan 
Tang 
Milken 
Summers 
EFTA00731345
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jay 
Fekkai 
Stodden 
Duke 
Bly 
Pablos 
Galertner 
EFTA00731346

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731347.pdf
----------------------------------------
\ 43 7 
of 
Ai;
tr, 
42.500 
co,U"der 
'uctis„, 
2.70 
99
4pi
10' 
P 
to 
  I 
56.4 
‘14)
5690? 
. 5580
590,01 ‘.9 
-) 51 
i57 37 
Parcel 
No. 
res 
11.8 Ac 
r., 
(D9— 8021— T007, 
EFTA00731347

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731348.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dirt Driveway 
EFTA00731348

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731349.pdf
----------------------------------------
H 
EFTA00731349

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731350.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00731350

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731351.pdf
----------------------------------------
V 
f. 
ZIO>
I': • 
UT
Cf 
Dirt Driv€wJy 
h s 
O. 
EFTA00731351

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731352.pdf
----------------------------------------
32.6 N.
. 
EFTA00731352

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731353.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
ADMINISTRATIVE ORDER NO. 2.051-5/06* 
IN RE: POLICIES AND PROCEDURES REGARDING 
THE IN-HOUSE ARREST AND COMMUNITY 
CONTROL PROGRAMS 
WHEREAS, the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office conducts a program 
known as the In-House Arrest Program (Monitoring Pre-Trial Detainee's, Direct filed 
Juvenile and Adult, and County Sentenced Adults) and the Department of Corrections, 
Parole and Probation Office, conducts a program known as the Community Control II 
Program (Monitoring State Sentenced Adults), both programs will be hereinafter 
referred to as the responsible agencies; and 
WHEREAS, the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office has agreed to include a 
limited number of Juvenile Court Detainees in their program as a pilot and should the 
pilot prove effective shall continue to include Juvenile Court detainees in their program 
subject to budget constraints. 
WHEREAS, both programs rely upon electronic monitoring (Global Positioning 
Satellite and Radio Frequency) with a transmitter affixed to the ankle of the person to be 
monitored; and 
WHEREAS, in the interest of public safety, persons being monitored must 
strictly comply with the constraints placed upon them by the Court, and strictly comply 
with the rules and regulations placed upon them by the Responsible Agency; 
NOW and THEREFORE, it is ordered and adjudged as follows: 
1. Whenever a person on Community Control II through the Department of 
Corrections, Parole and Probation Department or In-House Arrest under the Palm Beach 
County Sheriffs Office is required to be within the confines of his/her residence, he/she 
shall be physically within the residence at all times, i.e., he/she is prohibited from being 
outside the residential walls. 
EFTA00731353
--- PAGE 2 ---
2. If an alarm is reported by the monitoring company the responsible agency 
shall immediately investigate and take appropriate action to determine if there has been 
a bonafide equipment failure not caused, in any respect, by the person being monitored. 
3. In the event the representative of the responsible agency determines that 
there was no bonafide equipment failure, then the person being monitored shall be taken 
into custody immediately. 
4. Persons on In-House Arrest under the Palm Beach county Sheriffs Office or 
Community Control II under the Department of Corrections, Parole and Probation shall 
strictly comply with all constraints placed on them from the Courts, and shall strictly 
comply with all of the rules and regulations of the responsible agencies. 
5. In the event a representative of the responsible agency determines that the 
person being monitored has not strictly complied with all constraints placed on them by 
the Court, or strictly complied with all of the rules and regulations of the responsible 
agency, the person being monitored shall be taken into custody immediately. 
6. Any person whose case originated from circuit or county criminal court and 
who is taken into custody, shall be held without bond and shall, on the next working day, 
be brought before the judge presiding over his or her case for further disposition at the 
discretion of the presiding judge. 
7. Juvenile Court Procedure: The Juvenile Judge shall sign a detention order 
placing the juvenile into secure detention with a special temporary release to the Palm 
Beach County Sheriff's Office In-House Arrest Program and specifying the date of 
release from secure detention. The juvenile will receive the same court dates that 
he/she would otherwise be assigned as a secure detainee. Any juvenile from the 
Juvenile Court who is taken into custody for any violation of the court order or the 
program's rules and regulations, shall be delivered to the Juvenile Assessment Center 
and detained at the Palm Beach Regional Juvenile Detention Center on the original 
secure detention order, and will be released from the In-House Arrest Program on the 
same date of release specified in the original detention order. The transporting deputy 
shall provide a written or verbal description of how the juvenile violated house arrest to 
the Department of Juvenile Justice Probation Officer at the Juvenile Assessment Center, 
who will convey that information to the Juvenile Detention Center, Court, state attorney 
and public defender. 
8. A copy of this Administrative Order shall be furnished to every person 
presently being monitored and every person placed on the monitor in the future. 
DONE and ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Florida, this 5th day of May, 
2006 nunc pro tunc to May 1st, 2006. 
Kathleen Kroll 
Chief Judge 
* order supersedes Administrative Order 2.051-7/98 
EFTA00731354

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731355.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Rothstein Firm Manufactured Cases to Sell 
A case was filed today in Florida State Court by Jeffrey Epstein, the Palm Beach 
Billionaire accused of soliciting underage girls, against embattled ex-lawyer Scott 
Rothstein and some of his former partners at Rothstein Rosenfeldt and Adler, P.A. 
The case presents a rare window into the various machinations and abuse of the legal 
system engaged in by the RRA firm. Not content with merely searching through people's 
garbage or shining laser listening devices on windows of executives in order to 
manufacture potentially lucrative cases of sexual discrimination, the complaint alleges 
that the firm misappropriated funds from unsuspecting investors to fabricate from thin 
facts in what could be highly emotionally charged cases that could be brought or 
threatened against wealthy defendants. Rothstein and RRA could then use anonymous 
filings, protective orders, and un-checked discovery tactics in those cases as an integral 
part of their scheme. They would entice unsuspecting investors with the prospect lending 
against large settlements, which they would claim were accomplished under the radar, as 
a married executive might not want his wife to know about an office affair, or an 
invented contactor had been desperate to protect itself from a potentially devastating 
whistleblower suit. Confidentiality agreements, and other various fraudulent documents 
would then be used to further these illicit goals. 
The investor was told that Jeffrey Epstein got a sweetheart deal. Rothstein and RRA 
would proudly display a copy of Epstein's deal with the government, that RRA had 
fought in court to unseal, ( already having their own copy ) , to show investors that the" 
big fish", as Epstein was described, had already agreed to settle cases. With this as their 
backdrop, Rothstein and partners lured investors into their quasi-legal extortion scheme. 
They needed a plaintiff that could be readily manipulated to create a case that would pass 
a frivolous suit attack; they would use the press and coach testimony that would pass the 
laugh test and then file suit. 
The Epstein cases were perfect. In September 07, the government had forced Epstein to 
waive liability to a list of unnamed girls, girls whose names would not even be given to 
Epstein until after he was incarcerated.. Rothstein and partners could use the fact that the 
girls were unnamed and claim that they represented many of these unnamed girls. They 
actually found three girls, but only in May of 2008, months after the deal was signed, and 
they were somehow able to have at least one of the girls added to the government's 
allegedly sacrosanct list. 
Funded by "investors", Rothstein and partners found women that had been to Epstein's 
house, and sent these women for the very first time in their lives to psychiatrists with just 
the right amount of coaching on how to behave. "Don't tell the shrink that you had 
worked as a call girl since the age of 15, don't tell him about your three pregnancies 
before the age of 18, and don't tell him of your arrests, your stripping, and your domestic 
abuse, but claim that Epstein is responsible for all the troubles in your life." If the 
women were questioned under oath, they were counseled to hide behind the right of 
clients not to be forced to divulge confidential (attorney/client privileged) information, or 
EFTA00731355
--- PAGE 2 ---
as it happened, if the questions got too close to the truth, they were instructed to claim 
their fifth amendment right against self-incrimination (this happened over forty times at 
the deposition of the first of RRA's clients). 
At the same time when Rothstein's fraud was unraveling, RRA sent a retired but 
disgraced police officer, representing himself as law enforcement personnel, to interview 
a myriad of famous people believed associated with Epstein. Brad Edwards filed suit 
under the name of Jane Doe, claiming that his now 22 year-old client needed anonymity, 
and obtained a no contact order from the judge, insulating the client from anyone that 
might want to speak with her out of earshot of her attorney. Money was just around the 
corner. All that was needed was to secure investors to fund the investigators, medical 
experts, and travel expenses of the attorneys, in exchange for the promise of outrageously 
large guaranteed returns. 
In Epstein's cases, represented by the law firm of Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman, 
LLP, during deposition, the plaintiffs admitted that they had been call girls and strippers 
since the age of 15. They had worked at various massage parlors, strip clubs, and escort 
services and one admitted to keeping a record of the payment of her Johns' fees in a lined 
book masquerading as a bible. Though this plaintiff changed her previous sworn 
testimony that Epstein was an "awesome man" that never did anything improper to her 
post lawyer testimony of "I was abused", she admitted having intercourse with many, 
many men, but not even once with Epstein. This plaintiff said she charged other John's 
up to $2,000 dollars a day during the time she alleges to have known Epstein. Though 
she said she did not want money, only justice, that was the same answer that all of RRA's 
clients gave. 
Protected from a defamation claim by the act of actually filing a lawsuit, protected from 
investigation by the attorney/client privilege, and protected from stray questions of 
RRA's clients by a no contact order from the court, RRA was free to call the press, in 
violation of local ethics rules. RRA was free to get its clients on television, admittedly 
behind a screen to protect the Jane Doe from unwanted scrutiny. It was free to subpoena 
friends and employees of Epstein to depositions for hours on end, though the plaintiffs 
were never mentioned once in those depositions. In those depositions, RRA asked 
intimidating and harassing questions about Epstein's finances and his friends Unable to 
dismiss these out of bounds subpoenas, Epstein's friends and employees sat for hours 
being questioned about their own lives, the RRA lawyers fishing for more cases that they 
could sell to their unsuspecting investors. 
The federal government is now trying to unravel Rothstein's looting of investors, maybe 
even the trust accounts of the firm, and will need to determine who else was in on the 
schemes. As with Madoff's case, it appears unlikely that this will be revealed to be the 
work of only one man. 
EFTA00731356

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731357.pdf
----------------------------------------
Federal Bureau of Investigation - Privacy Waiver and Certification of Identity 
Page I of 1 
Complete. sign. and mall fonoinei sanctions needed) 
U.S. Department of Justice 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Privacy Waiver and Certification of Identity 
rub Went  Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Moises used: 
Current Address  
Date o/ Birth: 
Place cd Sint 
Social Security Number (optional):  
(opdent N or aggresses. employments. etc.. With may emelt the FBI in locatic the mounted intonation) 
I hereby waive my right to privacy. and t authonze the FM lo release any and all Information Sating ame to: 
(Name, address 6 phone or attorney or other designee) 
--
-Merr-tin —C7—Virerlirtrerriz 
Park Piaz. , 
1QICICI I Boston j  MA 02116 - 617 227 3700 
user peaky eSpain 
away swam madam he parson Guam neve and understand met any laisfficalion of tie Malementbperishable under the 
PrOvalems el Title 18. united States Code (U.S.C.). Sedan 100i by a MO al not more than 510.000 or by Inprisonmenl ol not mare Man Me yea, Of beak and mat 
roeveda
 or obtaining any recordist under raise pretenses is punishable raider the pronslons sande 5. U.SC . Section 552o (0O) as e misdemeanor sad by a line al 
no! more than 55.000 
Mon./air 
Dale-
http://foia.tbi.govhvaiver.htm 
12/29/2009 
EFTA00731357

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731358.pdf
----------------------------------------
On the Origin of 
Religion 
To Charles Darwin, the origin of religious 
belief was no mystery. "As soon as the 
important faculties of the imagination, won-
der, and curiosity, together with some power 
of reasoning, had become partially devel-
oped, man would naturally crave to under-
stand what was passing around him, and 
would have vaguely speculated on his own 
existence," he wrote in The Descent of Man. 
But our propensity to believe in unseen 
deities has long puzzled Darwin's scientific 
descendants. Every human society has had 
its gods, whether worshipped from Gothic 
cathedrals or Mayan pyramids. In all cul-
tures, humans pour resources into elaborate 
religious buildings and rituals, with no obvi-
ous boost to survival and reproduction. So 
how and when did religion arise? 
No consensus yet exists among scientists, 
but potential answers are emerging from 
both the archaeological record and studies of 
the mind itself. Some researchers, exploring 
religion's effects in society, suggest that it 
may boost fitness by promoting cooperative 
behavior. And in the past 15 years, a growing 
number of researchers have followed 
Darwin's lead and explored the hypothesis 
that religion springs naturally from the nor-
mal workings of the human mind. This new 
field, the cognitive science of religion, draws 
on psychology, anthropology, and neuro-
science to understand the mental building 
blocks of religious thought. "There are nine-
tional properties of our cognitive systems 
that lean toward a belief in supernatural 
agents, to something like a god," says experi-
mental psychologist Justin Barrett of the Uni-
versity of Oxford in the United Kingdom. 
Barrett and others see the roots of reli-
gion in our sophisticated social cognition. 
Humans, they say, have a tendency to see 
signs of "agents"—minds like ow own—at 
work in the world. "We have a tremendous 
capacity to imbue even inanimate things 
with beliefs, desires, emotions, and con-
sciousness, ... and this is at the core of many 
religious beliefs;' says Yale University psy-
chologist Paul Bloom. 
Meanwhile, archaeologists seeking signs 
of ancient religion focus on its inextricable 
link to another cognitive ability: symbolic 
behavior. They, too, stress religion's social 
component. "Religion is a particular form of 
a larger, social symbolic behavior," says 
archaeologist Colin Renfrew of the Univer-
sity of Cambridge in the United Kingdom. 
So archaeologists explore early religion by 
excavating sites that reveal the beginnings of 
symbolic behavior and of complex society. 
Yet these fields are developing chiefly in 
parallel, and there remains a yawning gap 
between the material evidence of the archaeo-
logical record and the theoretical models of 
psychologists. Archaeological objects fall 
short of revealing our ancestors' minds, says 
Bloom, while on the psychological side, "we 
need more evidence!' 
Birth of the gods 
When did religious beliefs begin? 
A likely place to find out is the 
archaeological record, but infer-
ring "religion" from ancient 
objects and practices can be a tall 
order. Many researchers take the 
use of symbols as a clue to bud-
ding spirituality. As far back as 
100,000 years ago, people at the 
South African site of Blombos 
Cave incised pieces of ochre 
with geometric designs, creating 
the first widely recognized signs 
of symbolic behavior (Science, 
January, p. 569). Although it's 
difficult to equate enigmatic 
lines on a chunk of ochre with a 
belief system, researchers agree 
THE YEAR OF 
DARWI N 
This essay is the I 1 tn 
in a monthly senes. For 
more on evolutionary 
ongins online, see the 
Origins bldg at Hags. 
sdentemag.erglorIgins. 
For more on the Origin of 
Religion, listen to a 
pockast by author 
Elizabeth Culotta at 
www.selencermag.erg/ 
muftieneelle/podeast 
that such use of symbols is a prerequisite for 
religion, and some argue that religious 
beliefs must have existed by this time. 
The first deliberate burials are found at 
roughly the same time, at a site called Qafzeh 
in Israel, dated to about 95,000 years ago. 
Researchers have dug up more than 30 indi-
viduals, including a 9-year-old child with its 
legs bent and a deer antler in its arms. And 
starting about 65,000 years ago or even ear-
lier, Neandertals also sometimes buried their 
dead. Henry de Lumley of the Institut de 
Paltiontologie Humaine in Paris has referred 
to these ancient burials as "the birth of meta-
physical anguish." 
But others aren't sure what metaphysical 
message burial conveys. "There can be lots 
of reasons to bury things; just look at kids in 
a sandbox," says Barrett. Burial by itself, 
says archaeologist Nicholas Conard of the 
University of Tubingen in Germany, may 
best be considered a sign of "protobelier 
If they had to name one time and place 
when the gods were born, Conard and some 
others might point to 30,000 to 35,000 years 
ago in Europe. That's when symbolic expres-
sion flowered in what's called the Upper 
Paleolithic explosion (Science, 6 February, 
p. 709). At this time, Ice Age hunter-gatherers 
painted strikingly realistic animals—and a 
few half-animal, half-human figures—on 
the walls of France's Grotte Chauvet and 
other caves. They also left small but spectac-
ular figurines in caves in Germany, including 
a dramatic carved ivory "Venus" reported in 
May and three "lion-men"—each a carved 
male body with the head of a lion. 
The "Venus of Hohle Fels" illustrates the 
difficulties of interpreting such ancient 
objects: Conard, who discovered it, considers 
the 6-centimeter figure of a head-
less woman with huge breasts and 
carefully carved genitalia to be a 
religious fertility object, while 
archaeologist Paul Mellen of the 
University of Cambridge has 
called it "paleo-porn." 
Yet many observers agree 
that the lionmen, with their com-
bination of human and animal 
qualities—something seen in 
many early religions—are strong 
candidates for a supernatural 
being or spirit guide. Some go so 
far as to suggest that the small 
statues were pan of shamanistic 
rituals, though Conard says we 
cannot know for sure. "Even if it 
wasn't shamanism," he says, ". 
bet the bank it was something U 
consider religious beliefs.-
Downloaded from www.sciencemag.org on November 25, 2009 
784 
NOVEMBER 2009 VOL 326 SCIENCE www.sciencemag.org 
PublishedbyAAAS 
EFTA00731358
--- PAGE 2 ---
The world over. All cultures have religious beliefs, 
though they express them in diverse ways. 
Twenty thousand years later, humans 
reached another religious milestone, build-
§ ing what is often considered the world's first 
I temple at the 11,000-year-old site of 
Gobekli Tepe in Turkey (Science, 18 January 
2008, p. 278). There, rows of standing stones 
I 
up to 6 meters tall march down a high hill-
side in circles; each massive stone is carved 
with images of wild animals. "There is the 
erection of monumental and megalithic 
architecture for the first time: says excava-
tor Klaus Schmidt of the German Archaeo-
logical Institute in Berlin. 
After this time, more organized sites with 
apparently religious aspects appear else-
where. For example, at one of the first set-
tled towns, Catalhoya in southern Turkey, 
excavator Ian Hodder of Stanford University 
and his crew are finding what they consider 
copious evidence of spiritual life: feasts with 
wild bulls, burials of ancestors beneath 
houses, and sometimes the removal and 
reintennent of skulls. And yet Hodder notes 
that separating "religion" from other activi-
ties seems arbitrary, as it is not clear that the 
people of Catalhoyiik themselves 
separated the religious sphere 
,, 
from the rest of life. 
Renfrew cautions that it 
might not be possible to know 
for sure that a culture wor-
shipped gods until we can read 
their names—that is, until the 
literate societies of ancient 
Mesopotamia and Egypt, 
some 5000 years ago. Those 
early empires had both secu-
lar and religious hierarchies, 
with priestly elites and some-
times a god-king who ruled both 
g the temporal and spiritual 
realms. In this view, full-fledged 
"religion" develops hand in hand 
with organized social hierarchies. It 
may be that "you don't necessarily 
€ have belief in deities until you have persons of 
enormously high status, who themselves are 
close to divine," like a pharaoh, says Renfrew. 
Born believers? 
While archaeologists trace the outward 
expressions of religious and symbolic behav-
ior, another group of researchers is trying to 
trace more subtle building blocks of religious 
belief, seeking religion's roots in our minds. 
"Thu begin to see that a god is a 
likely thing for a human mind 
to construct." 
Deborah kelemon, 
Boston Iltivcrsitp 
According to the emerging cognitive 
model of religion, we areso keenly attuned to 
the designs and desires of other people that 
we are hypersensitive to signs of "agents": 
thinking minds like ow own. In what anthro-
pologist Pascal Boyer of Washington Univer-
sity in St. Louis in Missouri has described as 
a "hypertrophy of social cognition;' we tend 
to attribute random events or natural phe-
Signs of the spirit? Small, 30,000-year-old fig-
urines from Germany suggest religious belief. 
nomena to the agency of another being. 
When it comes to natural phenomena, "we 
may be intuitive theists: says cognitive psy-
chologist Deborah Kelemen of Boston Uni-
versity (BU). She has shown in a series of 
papers that young children prefer "teleologi-
cal: or purpose-driven, expla-
nations rather than mechanical 
ones for natural phenomena. 
For example, in several 
studies British and American 
children in first, second, and 
fourth grades were asked 
whether rocks are pointy 
because they are composed of 
small bits of material or in order to keep ani-
mals from sitting on them. The children pre-
ferred the teleological explanation. "They 
give an animistic quality to the rock; it's pro-
tecting itself," Kelemen explains. Further 
studies have confirmed this tendency. Even 
Kelemen's own son—who "gets mechanistic 
explanations of everything"—is not immune: 
At age 3, after hearing how flowers grow 
from seeds, his question was, "Who makes 
the seeds?" 
The point of studying children is that 
they may better reflect innate rather than 
cultural biases, says Kelemen. But recent 
work suggests that it's not just children: 
Kelemen and Krista Casler of Franklin & 
Marshall College in Lancaster, Pennsylva-
nia, found the same tendency to ascribe pur-
pose to phenomena like rocks, sand, and 
lakes in uneducated Romany adults. They 
also tested BU undergraduates who had 
taken an average of three college science 
classes. When the undergrads had to 
respond under time pressure, they were 
likely to agree with nonscientific statements 
such as "The sun radiates heat because 
warmth nurtures life:' 
"It's hard work to overcome these teleo-
logical explanations: says Kelemen, who 
adds that the data also suggest an uphill 
battle for scientific literacy. "When you 
speed people up, their hard work goes by 
the wayside." She's now investigating how 
professional scientists perform on her tests. 
Such purpose-driven beliefs are a step on 
the way to religion, she says. "Things exist 
Downloaded from www.sciencemag.org on November 25, 2009 
www.sciencemag.org SCIENCE VOL 326 6 NOVEMBER 2009 
785 
PublishedbyAAAS 
EFTA00731359
--- PAGE 3 ---
I ORIGINS 
for purposes, things are intentionally 
caused, things are intentionally caused for a 
purpose by some agent. ... You begin to see 
that a god is a likely thing for a human mind 
to construct." 
Other researchers find the work intrigu-
ing. "If her data are right, we all from child-
hood have a bias to see the natural world as 
purposefully designed," says Barrett. "It's 
a small step to suppose that the design has 
a designer." 
This predisposition to "creationist" 
explanations has resonance with another ten-
dency in the human mind, says Barrett—
something he calls the "hypersensitive 
agency detection device": looking for a 
thinking "being" even in nonliving things. In 
classic experiments in the 1940s, psycholo-
gists found that people watching animations 
of circles, triangles, and squares darting 
about could identify various shapes as char-
acters and infer a narrative. Anthropologist 
Stewart Guthrie noted in 1993 that this ten-
dency could help explain religion, because 
it implies we attribute "agency" to all kinds 
of inanimate objects and 
ambiguous signals. As Barrett 
describes it: "When I hear a 
bump in the night, I think 
'Who's there?' not 'What's 
Who made it? Studies suggest that 
children tend toward creationist 
explanations of natural phenomena. 
there?' ... Given ambiguous stimuli, we 
often posit an agency at play." 
Guthrie suggested that natural selection 
primed this system for false positives, because 
if the bump in the night is really 
a burglar—or a lion—you 
could be in danger, while if it's 
just the wind, no harm done. 
Of course, this is still a 
long way from believing in 
gods or spirits. But a hair-
trigger agency detector could 
work with another sophisti-
cated element of the human 
mind to make us prone to 
believe in gods, cognitive 
researchers say. They refer to 
what's called theory of mind, 
or the understanding that 
another being has a mind with 
intentions, desires, and beliefs 
of its own. Studies have 
shown that this ability develops over time in 
children and is usually present by age 5; 
functional magnetic resonance imaging 
(fMRI) studies have localized the parts of the 
brain involved. 
If you suspect that an agent was 
responsible for some mysteri-
ous event, it's a short step 
Raising the temple. The 
standing stones at Gobekli 
Tepe are considered by 
many to be the oldest 
humanmade holy place. 
to thinking that the agent has a mind like 
your own. "Higher order theory of mind 
enables you to represent mental states of 
beings not immediately or visibly present, 
and who could have a 
very different perspec-
tive than your own," says 
Barrett. "That's what you 
need to have a rich repre-
sentation of what it might 
be like to be a god." (It's 
also what is needed to 
have a functional reli-
gion, because people 
need to know that others 
share their beliefs.) As 
Darwin put it, humans 
developing religion 
"would naturally attrib-
ute to spirits the same 
passions, the same love of 
vengeance, or simplest 
form of justice, and the same affections 
which they themselves feel." 
Some fMRI studies lend support to this 
idea. In the 24 March issue of the Proceed-
ings of the National Academy of Sciences, a 
team led by Jordan Grafman of the National 
Institute of Neurological Disorders and 
Stroke in Bethesda, Maryland, asked 40 peo-
ple to evaluate statements about God's emo-
tions and relationships to humans, such as, 
"God is removed from the world" and "God 
is forgiving,-  while they were in an fMRI 
scanner. The researchers found that the areas 
that lit up (indicating oxygen uptake and so 
presumably brain activity), such as the infe-
rior frontal gyrus on both sides of the brain, 
are also involved in theory of mind. This and 
other results argue against any special "god 
region" of the brain as some have suggested, 
says Grafman. Rather, he says, "religious 
belief co-opts widely distributed brain sec-
tors, including many concerned with so-
called theory of mind:' 
Other researchers are extending this cog-
nitive model, finding additional thought 
processes that they say make religious belief 
natural. For example, Bloom and Jesse 
eF 
Downloaded from www.sciencemag.org on November 25. 2009 
786 
NOVEMBER 2009 VOL 326 SCIENCE www.sciencemag.org 
pubtethedayams 
EFTA00731360
--- PAGE 4 ---
ORIGINS I 
Bering of Queens University Belfast argue 
that children are predisposed to think that the 
mind persists even after the death of the 
body—something that approaches the idea 
of an afterlife. Bering showed children ages 4 
through 12 years old a puppet show in which 
a crocodile ate a mouse. Then he asked the 
children questions about the mouse. Did it 
feel hunger? Was it still mad at its brother? 
The children agreed that the mouse's body no 
longer functioned; it didn't need to eat, for 
example. But they thought it would still feel 
hunger; its psychological states persisted. 
Preschoolers showed this tendency more 
- than older children. 
E 
We can acknowledge the death of the 
1, body, says Bering, but we believe that the 
mind continues: "We have this unshakeable 
sense that ow minds are immortal.- Bloom 
O. notes that this kind of belief - is universal. 
A You won't find a community anywhere 
where most people don't believe that they are 
* separate from their bodies." 
Mind or soul? 
,9 Such hypotheses seem to make intuitive 
sense. But critics such as Paul Harris of Har-
vard University say that children learn about 
the afterlife from others. Working in Spain 
CI E and Madagascar, Harris and colleagues did 
studies somewhat similar to Bering's, asking 
g children about the physical and psychological 
ti states of a person who had died. Older chil-
dren and adults were more likely than 
younger children to think that psychological 
states continued after death, suggesting that 
ideas of the afterlife are learned. What's 
more, people in many cultures distinguish 
g between the mind, which learns and changes 
16- over time, and something like an unchange-
g able soul, says Harris. 'To say that there is a 
/ continuance of mind after death misrepre-
sents these people's beliefs,- he says. - 1 
think people are disposed not to dualism but 
I to 'triadism'of mind, body, and soul. 
Even those who embrace the cognitive 
E. model concede that more studies are needed 
to distinguish what is learned from what is 
innate. As for hypersensitive agency detec-
j 
tion, "it's a compelling idea, but I haven't 
seen lots of empirical evidence that you can 
get from there to religious beliefs," says 
social psychologist Ara Norenzayan of the 
University of British Columbia, Vancouver, 
in Canada. 
Indeed, even if more data are forthcom-
ing, such models are a long way from 
explaining the complex systems of gods and 
rituals that make up religion. Cognitive 
researchers face what has come to be called 
the "Mickey Mouse" problem: The 
Disney character Mickey Mouse 
has supernatural powers, but 
no one worships or would 
Social circuits. When subjects in an fMRI scanner 
thought about God's relationship with humans, a 
part of the brain involved in understanding the 
thoughts of others lit up (top tight). 
fight-or kill-for him. Our social brains 
may help explain why children the world 
over are attracted to talking teacups, but reli-
gion is much more than that. "Deriving belief 
from the architecture of the mind is neces-
sary but not sufficientr says Norenzayan. 
He favors an additional class of explana-
tions for why religion is so prominent in 
every culture: It promotes cooperative 
behavior among strangers and so creates sta-
ble groups (Science, 3 October 2008, p. 58). 
Other researchers hypothesize that religion is 
actually adaptive: By encouraging helpful 
behavior, religious groups boost the biologi-
cal survival and reproduction of their mem-
bers. Adhering to strict behavioral rules may 
signal that a religion's members are strongly 
committed to the group and so will not seek a 
free ride, a perennial problem in cooperative 
groups (Science, 4 September, p. 1196). 
Norenzayan and others also note that 
helpful behavior is more common when peo-
ple think that they are being watched, so a 
supernatural god concerned with morality 
could encourage helpful behaviors, espe-
cially in large groups where anonymity is 
possible. Some researchers suggest that cog-
nitive tendencies led to religion, which 
then took hold and spread because it 
raised fitness. 
But others, such as Boyer, 
counter that this adaptationist 
explanation is itself light on 
data. "It is often said that reli-
gion encourages or prescribes 
solidarity within the group, but 
we need evidence that people 
actually follow [their religion's] rec-
ommendations: says Boyer. "The case is 
still open:' 
Meanwhile, disciplinary gaps persist 
among archaeology, psychology, and neuro-
science. Cognitive types insist that ancient 
objects can answer only a small subset of 
questions, while some archaeologists dis-
miss the cognitive model as speculation. Yet 
there have been some stirrings of interdisci-
plinary activity. Archaeologist Steven 
Mithen of the University of Reading in the 
United Kingdom has suggested that the half-
human, half-animal paintings and carvings 
of the Paleolithic demonstrate that early 
Homo sapiens were applying theory of mind 
to other animals 30,000 years ago. And 
anthropologists focusing on the develop-
ment of religion are finding signs of key 
changes in ritual at archaeological sites like 
Catalhoya. All agree that the field is expe-
riencing a surge of interest, with perhaps the 
best yet to come. "In the next 10 to 15 years 
there's likely to be quite a transformation, 
with a lot more evidence, to give us a com-
pelling story about how religion arose:' 
says Norenzayan. 
—ELIZABETH CULOTTA 
Downloaded from www.sciencemag.org on November 25. 2009 
www.sciencemag.org SCIENCE VOL 326 6 NOVEMBER 2009 
PublishedbyAAAS 
787 
EFTA00731361

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731362.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 
EFTA00731362

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731363.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 
EFTA00731363

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731364.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731364.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT ONLY 
PODHURST ORSECK PA 
V 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's Response to Defendant's Amended Notice 
and Motion for Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court 
The defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, responds to the Plaintiff's Response to his 
Motion for Leave to Deposit Funds into the Registry of the Court as follows: 
1. The Plaintiff's Response, in its first sentence, indicates that it does not 
oppose the relief requested. The remainder of the Response is a 
gratuitous, unnecessary, inflammatory, immaterial, series of 
misrepresentations. regarding the Defendant's intent in offering to 
deposit $2,000,000 into the Court and regarding the history and nature 
of the fee dispute that is at the core of the current litigation; 
2. As background, defendant Epstein executed a Non-Prosecution 
Agreement with the United States Attorney's Office ("USAO") on 
September 24, 2007 (hereinafter "Agreement"). The Agreement , 
with the Federal gov't uniquely required that Epstein plead to 
particular designated State offenses and that the USAO agree not to 
federally prosecute him for various federal offenses that were under 
investigation. The Agreement also required that Epstein pay legal 
fees for an attorney representative, who was to be selected by an 
independent third party, and provide counsel to a list of individuals 
which was to remain secret until after Epstein was already in jail and 
nine months after the execution of the Agreement. The fee obligation 
was not meant to be  unlimited: it was to pay the fees of the attorney 
representative prior to his electing to file and/or filing "contested 
litigation" or "any other contested remedy" against Epstein and was to 
"cease" and not obligate Epstein "to pay the fees and costs of 
contested litigation filed against him" (Addendum to Agreement, Par 
EFTA00731364
--- PAGE 2 ---
7C). The fee obligation required that Epstein "pay such attorney 
representative his or her regular customary hourly rate". The 
Agreement did not address such issues as whether the attorney 
representative would be authorized to go outside his firm and hire and 
pay non-firm lawyers, a significant issue given that the Plaintiff is 
seeking over $1,000,000 in fees generated by two non firm lawyers. 
One of those lawyers a state attorney, that billed over 800k , while 
maintaining their state job. The Agreement implicitly limited the fees 
and costs being charged to Mr. Epstein so that they were reasonable 
and not unnecessarily duplicative given that Mr. Epstein, at the 
essence of these highly unorthodox requirements, was being obligated 
to pay the fees of an attorney in a quasi court appointed role.  who was 
his adversary both in settlement discussions and thereafter when he 
filed litigation against him. The Agreement further required that Mr. 
Epstein waive liability and not contest jurisdiction  only when certain 
conditions precedent were fulfilled by litigating claimants, see infra, 
par 4b. Although the Agreement was silent on the timing of interim 
payments, and on what procedure would be used to resolve disputes , 
as to whether certain invoiced charges were outside the Agreement's 
fee obligations, clearly Mr. Epstein was not mandated by the 
Agreement to simply write a blank check for over $2,500,000 of fees 
upon demand or be automatically in breach of the Agreement as 
contended by Plaintiffs. On numerous occasions before the filing of 
this litigation, Mr. Epstein has offered to review the invoices with the 
Plaintiffs on a line by line basis, offers that at the end were refused. 
Mr. Epstein has repeatedly offered to submit the disputed invoices to a 
neutral third party, and submitted an offering to appoint a special 
master to oversee, hardly avoiding his obligations. and such offers 
were refused by Plaintiff. As will be shown, Mr. Epstein has 
principled disputes with the reasonableness of the fee request, the 
duplication of work by both firm and non-firm lawyers, the including 
of fees and costs attributable to contested litigation brought by three 
of the attorney representative's clients rather than to "consideration of 
potential settlements" as was contemplated by the Agreement's fee 
provisions, and to the enormous fee demands made by non-firm 
lawyers whose retention was unnecessary and unauthorized by the 
Agreement. Mr. Epstein did not willfully breach the Agreement. He 
paid  under protest  $526,000 of the Plaintiffs interim bills. He 
disputes the remainder. He is seeking to place $2,000,000 in Trust as 
EFTA00731365
--- PAGE 3 ---
security against any potential future determination by this Court that 
any additional fees and costs are owed under the Agreement. 
3. Mr. Epstein's intent in seeking that his pending Motion be allowed is 
only to fulfill his obligations under the Non-Prosecution Agreement to 
pay all reasonable settlement-related fees according to the terms of the 
Agreement. As stated, Mr. Epstein should is not be required to issue 
a "blank check" to pay interim legal bills which clearly include 
excessive or duplicate charges and further include litigation-related 
fees and costs that are outside the Agreement. Amongst the principled 
issues that are raised by the Complaint are as follows: 
a) $1,073,000 of the disputed amount result from charges 
attributed to two attorneys who are not members of the attorney 
representative's firm, one a sitting state prosecutor. -  Although 
Mr. Epstein "agreed to pay the fees of the attorney 
representative selected ...", NPA Addendum Par 7C, he never 
agreed to the employment of outside attorneys much less agreed 
to the extensiveness of their involvement and the enormity of 
the fees that they have sought from Mr. Epstein These fees are 
not within Mr. Epstein's obligations under the Agreement. Over 
$700,000 of these fees (or the equivalent of over 10 years of 
full-time legal work in this non-firm attorney's ordinary job) 
are requested for work performed by an Assistant State 
Attorney for Dade County who has no specialized expertise in 
areas relevant to the consideration of civil settlements. These 
charges are not necessary, reasonable, nor within Mr. Epstein's 
NPA obligations; 
b) A review of just one page of one of the bills, eg. pg 13 of the 
invoice of May 11, 2010, reflects that Mr. Epstein is being 
charged for litigation-related fees when his NPA obligation 
limits him to paying settlement-related fees only. This single 
exemplar reflects hourly billing for preparation and attendance 
of firm members at litigation depositions, for preparation and 
research into client Jane Doe's Response, and further, at pg 23 
of the same bill, includes charges for court reporter fees for 
depositions and filing fees for Complaints. Similar charges 
permeate the invoices; 
c) A review of the bills shows duplicative and excessive requested 
fees that total far more than the monetary value of all the 
settlements reached for the Plaintiffs' sixteen clients including 
the three who filed litigation; 
EFTA00731366
--- PAGE 4 ---
d) The magnitude of the settlement-related charges are 
unreasonable particularly given that the attorney representative 
fee obligations were not agreed to in arms-length negotiation 
with the Plaintiffs' own clients but were instead imposed on 
Mr. Epstein by his Non-Prosecution Agreement. Given this 
unorthodoxy, there is even greater need that the charges to 
Epstein must be reasonable see eg Red Bull GMBH v Spacefuel 
Corp (1:06cv20948-AJ)(SD Fla)(Court reduces rates charged to 
losing party in litigation as being unreasonable)(CITE TO 
OTHER CASES) 
e) Although all of the clients who selected the attorney 
representative have now settled their cases, Mr. Epstein has not 
received a final invoice. The interim bills received to date do 
not include any charges for the two outside attorneys referred to 
in paragraph 3a for March-May 2010. The NPA obligates 
payment but does not require interim payments. Defendant 
Epstein has at all times informed the Plaintiffs that he reserves 
the right to submit disputed bills to a neutral third party, see eg 
letter of Jay Lefkowitz to Robert Josefsberg, September 8, 2009 
4. The claims of Plaintiff contained in his Response that defendant 
Epstein has violated the NPA are inaccurate, irrelevant and even 
frivolous: 
a) Plaintiff alleges that Epstein failed to formalize his plea of 
guilty in state court and "delayed that action for several 
months", Response, pg 1-2. The reality is that during the time 
period addressed by Plaintiff, Mr. Epstein, through counsel, 
with the knowledge and approval of the United States Attorney 
Alexander Acosta, was pursuing his right to review the 
Agreement through meetings and filings with the Department 
of Justice in Washington III., see letter 
appended hereto 
as Exhibit "A"; 
b) Plaintiff further alleges that Epstein was in "clear breach of the 
NPA" by filing a Motion to Dismiss contesting the legality of a 
lawsuit before Judge Marra, Response, pg 2. The waivers of 
liability and right to contest jurisdiction were not effectuated, as 
claimed by Plaintiff, "so long as the claims were being brought 
pursuant to s2255", Id. Instead, the NPA limited the waivers to 
a claimant who "elects to proceed exclusively under 18 USC 
2255, and agrees to waive any other claim for damages, 
whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law,"Agreement, 
EFTA00731367
--- PAGE 5 ---
par 8. The plaintiff in question said she was filing only under 
USC 2255 but she did not ever agree to waive or relinquish 
all future claims for damages as required as a condition 
precedent for any of the NPA waivers of liability and 
jurisdiction.* Nevertheless, when warned by the Government 
that there was a perceived breach of the NPA in the Motion to 
Dismiss filing, it was withdrawn on the day of the notice of 
breach. 
5. The Non-Prosecution Agreement contains highly unorthodox 
provisions including a requirement that Mr. Epstein agree to not contest 
liability as to a list of "victims" which was not disclosed to him for over 9 
months after he executed the Agreement and until he was incarcerated. . 
This provision led to settlements with persons he never recalled meeting. 
Epstein has thus gone beyond the literal terms of the Agreement and 
declined to contest liability even as to plaintiffs who never relinquished their 
future right to bring additional claims. But even the spirit of the Agreement 
does not require that he pay the full amount of every bill when the charges 
are either unreasonable or duplicative or outside the limiting provisions of 
the Agreement nor does it prohibit the presentation of fee disputes to the 
Court so long as Mr. Epstein pays what a Court determines is owed 
6. The defendant wants only to resolve his outstanding fee dispute in 
conformity with his obligations under the NPA. He requests that the Court 
grant his now unopposed Motion to place $2,000,000 in Trust pending a 
final determination of whether he owes any amounts in addition to the 
$526,000 he has already paid the Plaintiffs. 
* Additionally, in an authoritative communication by the then First 
Assistant United States Attorney, Jeffrey Sloman, to Epstein's counsel 
Kenneth Starr dated December 4, 2007, pg 2, fn 
the Government agreed 
that it was the intentions of the parties that the "waiver of right to contest 
jurisdiction" was in fact a waiver of right to contest venue (ADD QUOTE) 
EFTA00731368

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731369.pdf
----------------------------------------
3:46 PM 
11/23/10 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of November 23, 2010 
Type 
Date 
Name 
10000- Bank 
10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
Memo 
Amount 
Balance 
45,877.56 
45,877.56 
Transfer 
11/8/2010 
Funds Transfer 
-20,000.00 
25,877.56 
Deposit 
11/8/2010 
Deposit 
1,000,000.00 
1,025,877.56 
Check 
11/8/2010 
Jeffrey Epstein 
PB house acc 
-10,000.00 
1,015,877.56 
Check 
11/8/2010 
NES. LLC 
-100,000.00 
915,877.56 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Chase Gold Master Card 
Acc# 5263 2710 0972 1356 
-23,919.49 
891.958.07 
Check 
11/912010 
Abbott 8 Lineham Mechanical 
LSJ Mechanical Req #3 
-12.140.68 
879.817.39 
Check 
11/912010 
Scott Graf 
11/5 8 11/8 invoices 
-4.000.00 
875,817.39 
Check 
11/9/2010 
LSJ. LLC 
-150,000.00 
725,817.39 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Dennis Boone 
LSJ inv #16 Kitchen Floor 
-20,130.00 
705,687.39 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Cambridge Mercantile Corp. 
LSJ trees 50% inv # 10-50-2010 
-6.425.00 
693262.39 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Caricement USVI 
Inv #4912, 4932 
-11,767.01 
687.49338 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Buy Computer now 
Fling cabinets 
-700.96 
686.79442 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Island Tile and Marble LLC 
LSJ Existing Compound - Req 1 
-11.268.92 
675.525.50 
Check 
11/9/2010 
Brian Moseley and Associates.... 
Inv9049 
-1.616.62 
673.908.88 
Check 
11/10/2010 
Tax Collector. Palm Beach Co... 
Property control # 50-43-43-27-... 
-113.374.23 
560.534.65 
Check 
11/16/2010 
American Express 3727-6863... 
Account # 3727-686332-61005 
-186,127.65 
374.40730 
Check 
11/17/2010 
Zorro Trust 
-58,000.00 
316407.00 
Check 
11/17/2010 
Washoe Equipment Inc. 
inv # S20606 
-1.556.00 
314851.00 
Check 
11/17/2010 
Kraus-Manning. Inc 
LSJ inv # 7714-35 8 36 
-8.353.00 
306.49300 
Check 
11/17/2010 
American Export Company 
LSJ inv #R101114.5, R101037 ... 
-7.543.85 
298.95415 
Check 
11/17/2010 
LSJ. LLC 
-61,000.00 
237.95415 
Check 
11/17/2010 
William R Nash VI Inc. 
Inv # 10-01V-227 
-2.313.81 
235.64334 
Check 
11/17/2010 
Ismail Unerli c/o Ml Develop... 
LSJ inv # 1101108-1 
4.165.00 
231.47334 
Check 
11/17/2010 
Refrigeration Service 
LSJ 'November 2nd statement 
-1.480.00 
229.99334 
•Atlanta 
Check 
11/17/2010 
reimb.exp. 
-1.035.82 
228.95352 
Check 
11/19/2010 
New County Motor Cars of Pf3 
ViN # WMEEK38A6AK343524 
-17,115.20 
211,844.32 
Check 
11/19/2010 
DPMG. Inc. 
Inv #19 -October 2010 
-25,101.08 
186,743.24 
Check 
11/19/2010 
Michael Keesling 
-10,000.00 
176,743.24 
Check 
11/19/2010 
Arthur Gensler. Jr 8 Associate... 
Inv *Wool Area - Work Authoriz... 
-23,750.00 
152,993.24 
Deposit 
11/22/2010 
Deposit 
5,000.00 
157,993.24 
Check 
11/23/2010 
Apex Equipment Sales. Inc 
Inv # 39744 
-3.590.00 
154,403.24 
Check 
11/23/2010 
Arthur Gensler. Jr 8 Associate... 
50% inv - Work Authorization ... 
-25,000.00 
123403.24 
Check 
11/23/2010 
Montetaistnbutors. Inc 
Ref # 201CV11-004 
-6.850.00 
122353.24 
Check 
11/23/2010 
-600.00 
121.953.24 
Check 
11/23/2010 
Chase Visa NES 
-56,943.83 
65.00341 
Total 10011 • JPMorgan Chase MM 
19,131.85 
65.00941 
Total 10000 • Bank 
19,131.85 
65.00341 
TOTAL 
19,131.85 
65,009.41 
Page 1 
EFTA00731369

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731370.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Mr. Berger: 
I have received your letter and reject your analysis entirely. 
As you concede in your letter, Mr. Epstein advanced $50,000 to Mr. 
Couturier's firm of which $25,000 was to be credited against future fees, and, as Ms. 
Calabrese acknowledged in her email, that $25,000 has been deemed by Mr. 
Couturier to have been "credited back" to Mr. Epstein, as no future fees have been 
earned. As you acknowledge, the remaining $25,000 (and not a penny more) was to 
pay for an interior package that, notwithstanding your claim to the contrary, has not 
been delivered to Mr. Epstein. In fact, Mr. Couturier unilaterally withdrew from the 
project at its infancy without providing the interior package to Mr. Epstein. There 
has been no furniture and custom furniture selection, and no selection of antiques, 
fabrics, carpeting, window treatments and the like; nor have any furniture plans or 
plans for custom built-ins been provided. The scant few drawings that Mr. 
Couturier did provide can not under any reasonable analysis constitute the interior 
package and, more importantly, have no useful value to Mr. Epstein. Moreover, 
even if and cannot under any circumstances justify total charges to Mr. Epstein of 
over $91,000. 
EFTA00731370

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731371.pdf
----------------------------------------
LAW OFF CES OF 
JAY GOLDBERG, P.C. 
250 PARK AVENUE 
TWENTIETH FLOOR 
NEW YORK. NY 10177-0077 
Ttltre.ONII ORM III•3I••000 
TELECOPIER 12121963.43005 
May 10,2010 
VIA E-MAIL: 
Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
FOR USE DURING LITIGATION 
Dear Darren: 
Reference is made to my previous letters to you. 
As the record will show, two punch lists were given to Mr. Molyneux and 
Mr. Fancelli. Both were satisfied by checkmarks and a signature of a person 
with authority to bind Mr. Epstein. If there are additional items which your 
client believed warranted Mr. Fancelli's attention, your client should have 
been on the island and not "laid back in the grass", claiming that there are 
new problems which were overlooked when your client's personnel prepared 
the punch list. 
Mr. Fancelli traveled from Italy and had one of his craftsmen journeyed 
from Moscow, but still your client did not appear on any of the three days 
selected by your client. Mr. Molyneux has said that despite the fact that the 
Design Services Agreement gives him the authority to judge whether the 
color of the paneling is consistent with the overall ambiance of the library, 
he is willing -- and this has been expressed to you and your client for some 
time — to have Mr. Fancelli return to the island to finish the cabinetry as you 
wish, with Mr. Molyneux and a representative of his staff present. But the 
responsibility must be your client's to arrange for Mr. Fancelli and his 
craftsmen to appear, pre-pay their expenses and that of Mr. Molyneux and a 
EFTA00731371
--- PAGE 2 ---
representative of his office, and to pay for the expense of refinishing the 
cabinetry with the color your client finds desirable. 
My previous correspondence should be taken as the response to your later 
served Notice to Cure. 
This whole controversy could have been avoided had your client taken the 
time to appear at the island. 
Sincerely, 
Jay oldberg 
EFTA00731372

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731373.pdf
----------------------------------------
PHILIP G. CRIFASI, JR. 
years of real estate development experience encompassing: land acquisition, entitlements, project development, 
construction specifications, floor plan design, finance, adaptive re-use and community planning, Including: new 
construction, clustered development, and historic restoration. Projects include: commercial revitalization, retail, 
office, hotel and residential communities on both the East and West coasts of the U.S. and in Banyan, China, a coastal 
trade zone near Beijing. 
REM FRTATF DFVELOPMFNTS UNDFR MY OWN PORTFOLIO 
Hospitality: Park Place Hotel, Kansas City, MO.: 2010.  Purchased this 328 room/key hotel located in the 
suburbs of Kansas City. The hotel consists of 2 nine story towers adjacent to a 5 acre lake. Included are a 
10,000 sq. ft. ballroom, restaurant, sports bar, gym, meeting rooms and an ind000r/outdoor heated pool. 
The hotel is undergoing upgrades to the rooms and common facilities in order to increase the occupancy 
and income. The website is: www.parkplacekc.com. 
Horse Stable-Estate: Shrewsbury. New Jersey:  2008-2009. The 14 acre estate contained a horse stable. I 
re-deigned its space to create a 3 bedroom, 2 bath, open-space residence with vaulted ceilings. Also, 
obtained the required approvals from the Shrewsbury Historic Commission. Project was brought in on-time 
and within budget. 
I Ph and B Street 
San Diego. California: Currently seeking land and construction funding for a "fully 
entitled" mixed-use residential project located in downtown San Diego, Ca. Project is named Alta Pointe: 
to be built, 26 stories, 200 high quality residential units, underground parking and ground floor retail of 
6,900 sq. ft. 
Project builder is Bovis Lend Lease; Insurances through the Willis Group, NYC ; 
project architect is The LaBarre Group of San Diego, Ca. 
1999.2001+ Proposed up to $60 million dollar historic restoration of Fort Hancock located in Sandy 
Hook, New Jersey. Sandy Hook is a Federal nature preserve at the entry to New York Harbor with 14 miles 
of white sand beach, a U.S. Coast Guard station, a marine research center and historic Fort Hancock. 
Proposal called for: a ISO room summer resort and winter retreat within the existing buildings. 
Named "The Sandy Hook Inn and Conference Center", the concept includes a year-round glass enclosed 
pool, 2 small restaurants, a spa and gym, a 100 slip marina, a landing pier to service ferries from 
Manhattan, a regional arts guild, an interactive museum, a theater for live and film productions, a nature 
Wildlife Observatory and an expanded Rutgers Uniyersity/Brookdale Community College Marine Sciences 
program.. 
1990. 1994. Developer of Stonington. Arnold, Maryland. 
Developed an environmentally-sensitive, 68 acre wooded, waterfront site on the Magothy River near 
Annapolis, Maryland into 68 clustered, single family homes. By clustering the homes, over 50% of the site 
remained in its natural setting. This concept was well-received by the County and the community, which 
typically operates in a "no growth "setting. 
1985. 1990. Developer of Wroxeter On Severn. Arnold. Maryland. 
Developed and re-configured an enclave of 7 waterfront estates on the Severn River near Annapolis, 
Maryland. The site contained the 19,000 sq. ft. mansion of the Ball family, an industrialist in Baltimore, 
EFTA00731373
--- PAGE 2 ---
Maryland. The French Normandy styled building, built in 1907, contained 10 bedrooms, 8 fireplaces, 7 
bathrooms, marble baseboards, a 32 foot tall entry foyer with massive steam, curved dark oak ceiling 
beams, 2 marble lions, 15 foot tall polished granite columns, leaded glass windows, and terra cotta and oak 
floors. New homes adjacent to the mansion were required to incorporate some of the exterior features of the 
mansion into their designs. 
1982-1984. Developer of The Hamptons Wilmington Delaware. 
Developed a 36 unit townhome community in the northern suburbs of Wilmington, Delaware. The colonial 
styled town homes featured: 2 car garages in tandem, 2 master bedrooms, a loft bedroom or office/library, 
vaulted living room and entry foyer ceilings, 2 skylights, French doors with a private rear deck, oak parquet 
floors, a wine storage closet, a hidden closet for valuables, and full exterior maintenance included in the 
homeowners foe. 
1979.1981. Developer of The Baynard House. Wilmington. Delaware. 
Purchased for $10,000 and adapted a vacant, public school building, PS #30, into 16 unique condominiums. 
This was the first such conversion of a public school into condominiums in the U.S. The 1907 gothic, 4 
story building featured 3 foot thick granite walls, brownstone exterior, 8 foot tall windows, 6 inch 
thick layered oak floors, plaster walls, 13 foot tall ornate tin ceilings, cast iron interior support columns and 
a 100 year life Vermont Slate tile turret. The renovation met all of the Secretary's standards for Historic 
Preservation and the building was approved for placement on the National Register of Historic Buildings 
and Sites. Building is now a landmark in the community. 
EMPLOYMENT SEPARATE FROM MY OWN PROJECTS 
1995.1998. Peoples Republic Of China (PRO. Development Advisor to the MGM Companies. 
Based in Seattle, Washington, the MGM Companies , owned by Mohamad G. Malekpour, an 
Iranian-American, secured the development rights to build a high-tech industrial city , named China 
Gateway, within a designated trade zone named, The Tianjian Economic Development Area (TEDA) in 
Tianjian, China. A foreign company operating within TEDA is not required to have a joint venture 
Chinese partner, a major attraction of TEDA. 
Responsible to Mr. Malekpour, the President and owner of the MGM companies for real estate 
development and financial advice in the development of the "China Gateway Project". China Gateway is a 
1,600 acre, mixed-use, planned city. Project will feature over 3,000 western style housing units; mid and 
high-rise office buildings and over 400 sites for foreign manufacturers to operate. 
CALIFORNIA EXPERIENCE: 4 Vi YEARS 
1973. 1976. Property Rehabilitation and Management. Consolidated Capital/Johnstown Properties. an 
Equity REIT located in Oakland, California. Consolidated Capital was an Equity REIT and Johnstown 
Properties were their in-house property management firm. As part of a 3 person team, I repositioned and 
rehabilitated regional and community-sized shopping centers. (8+ million sq. ft.), modernized large 500+ 
unit apartment complexes and a mid-rise office building in L.A., Ca.; updated and personally managed a 
250 room motel in Foster City, Ca. in order to increase its occupancy and visibility from Route 101, a 
major 8 lane freeway to San Francisco, Ca. Additional responsibilities involved tracking 400 retail 
leases (rents, CAM, overages) for billings and negotiated leases, as necessary, throughout the Western U.S. 
1977. Planning Consultant. City of Oceanside, Ca. Redevelopment Agency. As a Planner, worked with 
the Redevelopment Agency to create rehabilitation guidelines and regulations to encourage investment in 
the Redevelopment area. 
EAST COAST EXPERIENCE-
1972-1973. Financial Packager, Community Housing Inc. Wilmington, Delaware. 
 Assembled financial 
packages for over 100 houses slated for rehabilitation in Wilmington, De. Programs included FHA 235 for 
EFTA00731374
--- PAGE 3 ---
houses and FHA 236 for apartments. Also, participated in the bid process, created rehab spec's, performed 
inspections. 
WASHINGTON, D.C. EXPERIENCE 
1978.1979 Urban Planner I. Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments (COG). As a regional 
planner, developed and coordinated the "Housing Rehab Task Force" composed of 16 local governments, 
the White House and HUD, for the purpose of addressing the housing needs of the greater Washington 
region. Also developed a C.E.U. course on Housing Rehabilitation through the U.S. Department of 
Agriculture. 
CARIBBEAN EXPERIENCE: 
1971-1972: After graduation from the University of Delaware, lived and worked at an upscale hotel on 
Water Island named; The Water Island Colony Club. Water Island is located in the harbor of Charlotte 
Amalie , St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands. Assisted in the management of the hotel and supervised the 
construction of the villas next to the hotel, which were part of the master development. The hotel was 
destroyed by Hurricane Hugo in the 1980's. 
Maritime Experience: 
1995 to present: Real Estate development consultant to the Kalakala Foundation, Seattle, Washington. The 
Kalakala ferry boat is an art-deco styled former State of Washington ferry, now out of service. I developed 
the U.S. Coast Guard plan for its removal from the City of Kodiak, Alaska back to Washington State where 
it now resides. The Kalakala is listed on the National Historic Register and plans for its restoration are 
on-going and dependent on financing. 
EDUCATION 
BA. , Sociology, University of Delaware, Newark, Delaware, Class of 1971 
C.E.U.: Housing Rehabilitation Certification Program; 
Washington D.C., 1977 
Archmere Academy College Preparatory School. Claymont, Delaware, Class of 1967 
California Real Estate License, 1974 
Member of the Urban Land Institute 
Check Lexus/Nexus for projects and Google for articles. 
PERSONAL INFORMATION• 
"Army Brat", lived in Europe, 2 children 
EFTA00731375

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731376.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bertille Saulnier 
Mail : 
Single, French
Born 
Driving License 
English : Fluent. 
Spanish : Basic. 
Professional Experiences: 
February 2007 - Until now : Metropolitan Models (Models Agency) 
• 
Model. 
January 2006 - March 2008 : Linyitedesmarques.com / Mistergooddeal.com (Online 
discount fashion store part of M6 Group ) 
• 
Stylist. 
• 
Responsible for shootings (Women, men and child fashion). 
December 2005 - January 2006 : C-Reel ( Accessories & Design) 
• 
Creation and design of limited series of fashion bags called « Sweetbag 
June 2004 - August 2004 : Jacadi ( Baby, infant and kids fashion company ) 
• 
Customer support. 
• 
Sales and advice. 
2002 - 2004 : Babouche (Accessories, shoes, fashion and home design company). 
• 
Stylist. 
• 
Technical design. 
• 
Collection management. 
• 
Event Management( Kong, VIP Room, Nikki Beach) 
• 
Communication Management (Press relation) 
Studies 
2004-2006: Studio Bercot, fashion school of Paris. 
2004: Technical Fashion design courses. 
2002-2004: High School St-Sulpice, option Art, History. 
Computer knowledge : 
MS Office 
Internet 
Hobbies 
Fashion, Home design, Art, Dance, Music, Cinema. 
EFTA00731376

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731377.pdf
----------------------------------------
Christina McKee 
(843) 743-1960 
HIGH SCHOOL 
Blair Academy, Blairstown NJ 
(2003-2004) 
Wellington High School, Wellington FL 
2004-2007 
Cumulative GPA 3.5 
COLLEGE 
The University of Central Florida, Orlando FL 
Bachelor Degree of Finance anticipated in 2011. 
Cumulative GPA 3.62 
SPECIAL SKILLS AND INTERESTS 
Reading and conducting research on topics of interest 
Arts and crafts, especially scrap booking 
Writing fiction, including short stories and poems 
Playing lacrosse and golf 
Dog obedience and grooming 
Speaks Spanish and English 
VOLUNTEER AND COMMUNITY SERVICE 
Center for malnourished children ages 0-5, Cusco, Peru 
(Summer 2006) 
Assisted with activities of daily living 
Organized playtime and games 
Responsible for the children's safety and well being 
St. Andrews Catholic Orphanage, Cusco, Peru 
(Summer 2006) 
Home for girls ages 9-17 
Monitored up to thirty girls from the time they returned from school until bed time 
EFTA00731377
--- PAGE 2 ---
Organized crafts and afternoon activities 
Structured outings and fieldtrips 
Instituted conflict management 
Assisted with homework problems 
Special Olympics of Florida 
(May 2008) 
Managed a soccer event for the participants 
Praised and encouraged the athletes for their efforts 
Pediatric Oncology Support Team 
(August 2008) 
Helped to raise money for the charitable organization that offers interactive support for 
patients and their families diagnosed with cancer 
Participated in a 12 hour swim-a-thon to raise money for the organization 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Panda Garden 
(June 2005-June 2007) 
Answered telephones and took orders for the family owned Chinese restaurant 
Excelled in customer service and received bonus's for dedication 
Carrabba's Italian Grill 
(December 2006-June 2007) 
Worked as a waitress for the Italian restaurant 
Succeeded in making guests feel like "part of the family" 
Completed assigned cleaning and organizing tasks each shift 
GOALS 
I'm so interested in the world around me, and whenever I can, I ask questions. I want to 
be immersed in as many new environments as my lifetime will allow. I'm especially 
excited to learn about finance, and I can not wait to become fluent in my financial 
knowledge. I hope to one day be able to incorporate my knowledge and training into a 
job where I can help others manage their finances. 
After receiving my Bachelor degree, I hope to teach abroad English as a foreign 
language. My dream is to learn Mandarin, so my country of choice to teach in is China. 
After returning to America, I will go back to school to receive an MBA. 
EFTA00731378

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731379.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Marie, 
I appreciate your letter of June 17, 2009. I sincerely hope that any and all 
issues that could generate an adversarial relationship between Mr. Epstein 
and the United States Attorney's Office are in our past. Like you, we hope 
that the ongoing, complex, and at times vigorous civil litigation will not 
again require your involvement in the parallel civil proceedings, nor result in 
any belief on your part that any pleading or legal position taken by Mr. 
Epstein's counsel conflicts with the NPA. We also understand that you do 
not wish to engage in a dialogue with us about the civil litigation. 
In order to avoid future misunderstandings, however, I would like to have a 
discussion with you specifically about the parties' ongoing obligations under 
the NPA. As you know from past experience, and as Mr. Acosta previously 
acknowledged in letters to my partner Ken Starr (on December 4, 2007) and 
Lilly Ann Sanchez (on December 19, 2007), the language of¶ 8 is "far from 
simple," and subject to significant ambiguity. We fully intend to err on the 
side of caution, as your June 17 letter advises, and we likewise appreciate 
your view that it could be awkward for the USAO to conduct a detailed 
review of our civil pleadings before they are filed. 
With that said, I believe it is appropriate to seek clarification from the 
government about its understanding of a few provisions in the NPA. While 
we can ask the court to interpret these provisions, I think the court would 
most likely turn to you to seek your view before expressing its view. 
Therefore, I believe it would be much more efficient and congenial if we 
could discuss some of the terms in the NPA in person. 
One specific example come to mind. First, we clearly understood during the 
course of negotiating the NPA, and believe that both the language of the 
NPA and our prior correspondence with your office confirm, that the waiver 
of liability set forth in ¶ 8 was limited to cases in which an individual on 
your list was seeking a single recovery for a single injury under § 2255. It 
would follow, therefore, that the waiver of liability is not triggered in a 
situation where there are assertions of multiple predicate acts. Consistent 
with our long-term understanding of the NPA, we believe compliance with 
¶ 8's waiver of liability requires only that Mr. Epstein stipulate to the 
existence of a single enumerated predicate that would entitle the plaintiff to 
actual damages (or the applicable statutory minimum damages where actual 
damages fall short of that floor). 
EFTA00731379
--- PAGE 2 ---
Given your office's prior acknowledgements that the language of the NPA is 
far from clear, we very much would appreciate an opportunity to discuss ¶ 8 
with you in the near future—not from the perspective of its impact on 
ongoing civil cases, but instead as the defense counsel who negotiated the 
NPA with you and are committed to ensuring that Mr. Epstein abides fully 
by it. It is my sincere hope that our discussion can avert future risks that 
anything we do will cause you to believe that there has been a breach of the 
NPA. 
Finally, I enclose a letter in response to your June 15 letter in order to 
provide you with our perspective on the issues you raised. I hope our 
differing views on certain events over the past several years as reflected in 
my letter will not in anyway divert us from a common goal of having Mr. 
Epstein complete his NPA obligations without further tension with your 
office. 
EFTA00731380

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731381.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page I 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
IN RE: 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, 
P.A., 
Debtor. 
CASE NO.09-34791-BKC-RBR 
MOTION TO CLARIFY FILED BY OTHER PROFESSIONAL 
ROBERT B. CARNEY (1013) 
October 13, 2010 
The above-entitled 
cause 
came on for 
hearing before the 
HONORABLE RAYMOND B. RAY, one 
of the judges of the UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT, 
in and for the SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA at 299 
East Broward Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, Broward 
County, Florida on October 13, 2010, commencing at 
or about 9:30 a.m., and the following proceedings 
were had: 
Reported By: Bonnie Tannenbaum 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731381
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
APPEARANCES: 
ROBERT B. CARNEY, SPECIAL MASTER 
BERGER SINGERMAN, by 
CHARLES H. LICHTMAN, ESQUIRE 
On behalf of Herbert Stettin, Chapter 11 Trustee 
CONRAD & SCHERER, by 
JAMES D. SILVER, ESQUIRE 
On behalf of Razorback Funding 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, FISTOS & 
LEHRMAN, P.L., by 
GARY M. FARMER, JR., ESQUIRE 
BRAD EDWARDS, ESQUIRE 
On behalf of the Former RRA Clients 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT, P.A., by 
CHRISTOPHER E. KNIGHT, ESQUIRE 
JOSEPH L. ACKERMAN, JR., ESQUIRE 
On behalf of Jeffrey Epstein 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731382
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
THE COURT: All right. Feltman versus 
Venture is going to take some time, so I'll start 
with Rothstein Rosenfeldt. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Good morning, Judge. Chuck 
Lichtman, Berger Singerman, for the trustee. 
MR. SILVER: Good morning, Your Honor. 
Jim Silver of Conrad & Scherer on behalf of Razorback 
Funding and other victim creditors. 
MR. KNIGHT: Good morning, Your Honor. 
Christopher Knight and Joe Ackerman on behalf of 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
MR. CARNEY: Good morning, Your Honor. 
Robert Carney. I'm the special master that's been 
appointed in this case. 
MR. FARMER: Good morning, Your Honor. 
Gary Farmer and Brad Edwards. We are the attorneys 
for the former RRA clients who have objected to the 
discovery request. 
THE COURT: All right. I have showing on 
my calendar the motion to clarify, Docket Entry 1013, 
by Mr. Carney, joinder by 1038 and 1039. All right. 
MR. CARNEY: Yes, Your Honor, if I may be 
heard? 
THE COURT: Yes, please. 
MR. CARNEY: Let me begin to place this in 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731383
--- PAGE 4 ---
S 
Page 4 
context with just a little background about how we 
got here. This action is a civil action. It's 
pending in Circuit Court up in Palm Beach County. 
Jeffrey Epstein has sued Mr. Rothstein, individually, 
and Mr. Edwards, individually, regarding -- the 
genesis of which was a civil suit that Mr. Edwards 
had filed against Mr. Epstein, which has since 
settled. That civil suit was brought by 
Mr. Edwards to the Rothstein firm. It was the 
linchpin of the settlements that Mr. Rothstein was 
attempting to sell as part of his Ponzi Scheme. So 
that's a little bit of the background. 
Fowler White, who is representing the 
plaintiff, Mr. Epstein, in this case, has made a 
discovery request seeking documents pertinent to 
those civil lawsuits. 
The trustee in this case -- because the 
documents are held by the trustee now, and so 
Mr. Stettin was concerned that there may be some 
privilege issues on those documents, and as a result, 
Mr. Lichtman and the attorneys came forward before 
this Court and requested that there be a master 
appointed to help resolve this issue, and ultimately, 
I became involved in the case. 
Mr. Farmer is representing the child in 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731384
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
this case, who is the one who would be asserting the 
privilege. Mr. Edwards, as I understand it, is 
representing himself. Actually, Jack Scarola is his 
attorney. 
I've had a chance to review the documents. 
I've printed them out and reviewed them. Just to 
place things in its context, the stack of documents 
are divided into two separate stacks. One relates to 
e-mails from and to Mr. Edwards, and the second are 
e-mails from and to Mr. Rothstein dealing with that 
particular case. 
Just in terms of sheer volume, we're 
probably talking 5,000 or more pages. 
THE COURT: Each or combined? 
MR. CARNEY: Combined, probably at least 
5,000 pages. Now, the problem that I'm seeing is 
this, the order directs that I prepare a privilege 
log. And the initial difficulty that I am seeing 
right now, it's implicit in the order for me to 
prepare the privilege log, is that Mr. Farmer and 
Mr. Edwards cannot prepare the privilege log. It's 
implicit in the order, because none of the documents 
upon which they could prepare the privilege log are 
given to them, they're given to me, as I have the 
disk, I have the documents, and they don't. And the 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731385
--- PAGE 6 ---
S 
Page 6 
order is that they don't get the documents. And so 
they're left unable to prepare the privilege log. 
The problem that I'm seeing here is we have 
the child, for example, that Mr. Farmer is 
representing, it's her privilege, and she is denied 
the opportunity to actually assert the privilege. 
And I'm seeing legally some appellate issues with 
that one. Actually, I think we may end up being in a 
reversible situation in the State Court on that, if 
it goes before Appellate Court scrutiny. 
So I'm concerned at this point legally 
telling Mr. Edwards and telling Mr. Farmer that they 
can't prepare the privilege log, and they can't see 
the documents upon which they would be preparing the 
privilege log, that the privilege is simply being --
the privilege log is being prepared by me. 
So, I think that's our first legal issue. 
There's a practical problem to it, and the practical 
problem is this, I have no idea what Mr. Farmer is 
going to assert. He may assert the privilege, or he 
may not, I don't know. I'm not privy to his trial 
tactics, and I certainly would suspect he's not 
willing to tell me what his trial tactics are in the 
case. 
So I'm left to simply guess whether he is 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731386
--- PAGE 7 ---
S 
Page 7 
going to assert a privilege, and if so, what 
privilege he's going to assert. If I'm going to do 
that, I'm certainly going to err on the side of 
caution, which means that I'm going to assert a 
privilege on virtually everything within those 
documents. 
The reason for that is that if I make a 
mistake, or I overlook something, the obvious effect 
of it is going to be, if I'm not asserting a 
privilege on the document, the document's going to be 
released, and it will be released to the plaintiff. 
At that point, the cat is out of the bag. 
Now we have a problem, because they haven't had the 
opportunity to assert the privilege, the plaintiff 
now has seen the document, and there we are. So I'm 
seeing some practical problems with me asserting it. 
The additional practical problem is that it 
lands everything in the lap of the Court. My 
function as a special master should be to relieve the 
Court from these duties. This is a case that this 
Court really has no dog in the fight. This is a 
pluralistic Court action. 
So my job should be to relieve this Court 
from the mundane duties of resolving all these 
issues, but by having me prepare the privilege log, 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731387
--- PAGE 8 ---
S 
Page 8 
and the order pretty much ends there, it places all 
of this in the Court's lap to then sort it out. 
Now, if the order is expanded to say, 
conduct a hearing on it, I think we have a more 
uncomfortable problem, because at that point, then, I 
will have been somewhat in the shoes of the defense 
in asserting the privilege, and then turn around and 
rule on the privilege that I've just asserted, which 
I think may make the plaintiff's attorneys a little 
uncomfortable, and perhaps rightfully so. 
THE COURT: Your recommendation is to have 
Farmer and Edwards on behalf of their respective 
parties --
MR. CARNEY: Yes, sir. 
THE COURT: -- review the documents, 
indicate whether or not to you there is a privilege 
to be asserted? 
MR. CARNEY: I have a disk 
the trustee 
has a disk, I've got a disk. What my suggestion is 
is we simply copy that disk and give it to 
Mr. Farmer, and give it to Mr. Edwards. There's no 
issue involved anymore on the integrity of the disk, 
because I have a copy of it, and the trustee has a 
copy. 
So we have, again, no issues on the 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731388
--- PAGE 9 ---
Page 9 
integrity of the disk, and let them assert their 
privilege. If they want to assert it, they can 
assert it. If they don't, it's their choice. We 
eliminate whatever appellate issues there may be by 
denying them the right to assert their own 
privileges. 
Secondly, I think the order needs to be 
amended at this point. It takes me out of the 
equation of asserting the privilege, as I shouldn't 
be the one asserting it. 
THE COURT: They assert it, you hear it, 
and you report back to me. 
MR. CARNEY: Exactly, as I then make 
recommendations to you, and once I make the 
recommendations to you, you can decide at that point 
whether you want to -- if there's an objection filed 
to any of the recommendations that I made, you can 
decide whether you want to entertain the objections, 
or whether you want to pass the objections -- I 
haven't researched this issue, but perhaps pass the 
objections back to Circuit Court in Palm Beach, and 
let the Circuit Judge up in Palm Beach resolve them. 
But that's my recommendation that I think 
will eliminate both legal and practical problems to 
the order as it's written. 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731389
--- PAGE 10 ---
Page 10 
THE COURT: All right. Thank you, 
Mr. Carney. 
MR. KNIGHT: Your Honor, Christopher Knight 
on behalf of Jeffrey Epstein. First, I'd like to 
thank the Court, and thank Special Master Carney for 
the time that he's put into this matter to date. 
I understand Judge Carney's concerns, 
however I want to point out the following to the 
Court, which I think will be helpful in crafting a 
solution here. 
He mentioned the child, who actually was 
arguably an adult, arguably a late teen that was 
involved in a case that is now settled, which is the 
subject matter of obviously the comments that were 
brought to this Court by Mr. Scherer at the time of 
the last hearing of, was Mr. Edwards part of the 
fraud which led to the dollars being put into the 
Rothstein firm or the Rothstein investments, which is 
all part of this entire ball of yarn that this Court 
is having to deal with. 
We are here because in our case, our 
plaintiff's case that we're bringing on behalf of 
Mr. Epstein versus Mr. Edwards, we cannot move 
forward with our case without the various documents 
that are in the trustee's hands. And I say that the 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731390
--- PAGE 11 ---
Page I I 
documents -- we've heard about the disk. That is the 
disk that Mr. Lichtman has, which now Mr. Carney has. 
I do not know whether or not that covers the ten 
boxes which Mr. Scherer came before this Court and 
said his clients, the ones that were in the room, the 
ones that arguably would waive the privilege, saw ten 
boxes of documents. We still don't know if those are 
there, and so eventually we have to find out where 
those are so that those can get before Judge Carney. 
However, the privilege, if there is any 
privilege, which we will argue before Judge Carney is 
waived, that would only apply to this LM case. And 
it should not be broader than that. There should be 
plenty of documents right now that can be released 
that will need no privilege log whatsoever by review 
of Judge Carney. 
What we do not want is Mr. Farmer and 
Mr. Edwards becoming the gatekeeper for their own 
firm, which is exactly why I think in Paragraph 2 of 
your order, which I believe was Docket Entry 888, 
that you had said exclusively that Judge Carney would 
be able to review these documents. 
I do understand, as I mentioned earlier, 
Judge Carney's dilemma here in that he certainly 
cannot sit in the exact same shoes as Edwards to --
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731391
--- PAGE 12 ---
Page 12 
or excuse me, as LM to assert a privilege, if one's 
there, but I bring back to the Court's attention that 
that case is settled and resolved, and is only a 
portion of these entire e-mails. 
Delay is a major problem for my client. 
There is a pending motion for summary judgment, 
there's a pending trial date, and the Edwards group 
has fought any attempt on our end to push those trial 
dates back while we wait to get these e-mails or 
other documents, which we believe will show further 
involvement than just Mr. Rothstein sitting in a room 
over at his old firm and showing this to investors. 
We believe that these e-mails will 
eventually show that other people knew what was going 
on, and that may or may not have -- play out -- it 
may or may not be relevant to our case but, 
certainly, we should have the opportunity to look at 
those documents. 
The other issue is, at the Rothstein firm, 
the e-mails we have learned through the various 
documents from this Court and various hearings, many 
of them are tied up in Qtask. We believe that many 
of the documents we would be seeking eventually would 
be in Qtask. 
I bring all of that to your attention, Your 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731392
--- PAGE 13 ---
S 
Page 13 
Honor, because it goes beyond just the issues that 
Special Master Carney has brought before you. We 
understand that Special Master Carney wants to 
protect himself relative to these issues, and that is 
certainly understandable. We believe if there is 
going to be any viewing by the Farmer or Edwards 
group, it would be independent to Judge Carney. He 
should still look at all the documents, but certainly 
many of the documents would have nothing to do with 
the underlying LM case, and should be released now. 
THE COURT: But whoever is going to look at 
them is going to want Farmer and Edwards to have a 
privilege log as to what they're claiming privileged. 
They may only claim 1,000 of the 5,000 documents as 
privileged. That saves me or Judge Carney from 
looking at 4,000 documents. 
MR. KNIGHT: And that's where we understand 
and agree with Judge Carney. We want Judge Carney to 
be able to independently look at all of those 
documents, and not have Farmer and Edwards there with 
him, be able to independently -- so he can look at 
them himself so he can decide whether or not this may 
even come into the purview of privileged, especially 
when many of these documents were shown to people 
which would have waived the privilege, and I think 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731393
--- PAGE 14 ---
S 
Page 14 
those are decisions that only Judge Carney can make 
once he has the rest of this information in front of 
him. 
THE COURT: We're taking an extra step from 
the Special Master's recommendation and report. We 
could have -- I could have Farmer and Edwards, for 
their respective clients, review the disk, prepare a 
privilege log, and then either I, through the 
recommendations of the Special Master, or Judge 
Carney could then take the log and make a 
determination as to what is privileged and what is 
not. 
MR. KNIGHT: And I believe that is 
workable, although, as we argued before Judge Carney, 
he met with each side separately, and then together, 
we don't know what to argue until we see a privilege 
log which would have to be constructed by Judge 
Carney, because it would give you an entire list, as 
opposed to something that would be limited by what 
Mr. Farmer and Mr. Edwards, Mr. Edwards being the 
defendant in this case, would --
THE COURT: Well, no, we would have Special 
Master Carney's report to me as to what the claim of 
privilege was, and what documents were subject to 
that. 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731394
--- PAGE 15 ---
Page IS 
MR. KNIGHT: And, Your Honor, as long as we 
had also Judge Carney's list or logs so that we know 
that all the documents are included, and also know 
that the ten boxes, once located, need to go before 
Carney, and anything before Qtask --
THE COURT: Let me ask while we're there, 
ten boxes, what ten boxes? 
MR. KNIGHT: At the time of --
THE COURT: No, no, let me ask 
MR. KNIGHT: I'm sorry, I thought you 
were --
THE COURT: I'm asking somebody. I'm the 
only one that doesn't know. 
MR. FARMER: Thank you, Your Honor. May it 
please the Court, those ten boxes are litigation 
files --
COURT REPORTER: Judge, can I ask his name? 
THE COURT: This is Mr. Farmer. 
MR. FARMER: I'm Gary Farmer, I'm sorry. 
These are our litigation files, Your Honor, and the 
factual scenario is a bit broader than Judge Carney 
advised the Court. There were nine lawsuits handled 
by Mr. Edwards against Mr. Epstein that were settled 
by Mr. Epstein. There is another lawsuit that is 
pending. Those ten boxes comprise Brad Edwards' work 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 3584875 
EFTA00731395
--- PAGE 16 ---
S 
Page 16 
product in the nine cases that settled, and contain 
information that is, one, protected by the 
attorney/client privilege owned by each of those 
clients; and, two, contains his mental thoughts, 
impressions, and strategies for those cases which 
resulted in those nine settlements. 
So those privileges live on. And to give a 
party who is suing Mr. Edwards and his client access 
to Mr. Edwards' underlying files and related cases 
would be a clear and blatant breach of the work 
product privilege. 
In addition, Your Honor, we have an added 
twist here in that Mr. Epstein has consistently and 
adamantly invoked his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self incrimination when questioned, both in 
the underlying cases filed against him by his minor 
pedifile victims, and the young woman in question, 
LM, was not an adult, she was 13 years old when 
Mr. Epstein committed sexual assault on her. He has 
taken the Fifth Amendment in that case, he's taken 
the Fifth Amendment in the very case in which he has 
now issued this subpoena. 
And so Judge Crow is wrestling with the 
issue of the sword and the shield doctrine. Does 
Mr. Epstein get access to any of this information, 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731396
--- PAGE 17 ---
S 
Page 17 
given the fact that one cannot invoke the Fifth 
Amendment privilege against self incrimination when 
one is suing on those very facts? 
So there is a very twisted and sorted 
history here, Your Honor, but the bottom line is --
and, oh, by the way, Mr. Epstein also pled guilty to 
criminal charges related to the sexual assault. 
So a convicted criminal who's invoked his 
Fifth Amendment privilege against self incrimination 
in this purported lawsuit against my partner, now 
seeks records which he claims are going to show that 
these cases are fabricated. If they were fabricated, 
then he needs to be sanctioned for invoking his Fifth 
Amendment right against self incrimination because he 
had no basis to do so. 
But I think the real truth here, Your 
Honor, is that nothing was fabricated. One doesn't 
plead guilty to criminal charges, spend a year 
incarcerated, be on probation, invoke the Fifth 
Amendment and settle nine lawsuits, if everything is 
fabricated. 
But I bring all of this to the Court's 
attention, because as Judge Carney indicated in his 
presentation, I respectfully submit, Your Honor, that 
we are wasting your time, and you don't really have 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731397
--- PAGE 18 ---
S 
Page 18 
the full breath of information and facts necessary to 
ultimately rule on these privileges, because this 
Fifth Amendment invocation is going to be an issue, 
these prior convictions are all going to be an issue. 
It may be that Judge Crow determines, because 
Mr. Epstein refuses to answer any questions about his 
allegations in his complaint, that his case will be 
dismissed or eliminated via summary judgment. 
And so as Judge Carney alluded to, Your 
Honor, I would respectfully submit that we should 
stop bothering Your Honor, stop wasting trust assets 
that should go to the ultimate benefit of the 
creditors once the Court determines how that's going 
to play out, but stop wasting this Court's time, stop 
wasting the very limited assets, and allow Judge 
Crow, who's going to be in the best position from a 
factual standpoint, to consider the privileges 
asserted, whether -- despite maybe if a privilege 
wasn't asserted, whether they get any of this 
information, given their admission to this conduct 
via the guilty plea, given the Fifth Amendment, et 
cetera. 
But if Your Honor is going to keep the 
matter here, we certainly agree with Judge Carney in 
that it's very clear, Your Honor, due process 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731398
--- PAGE 19 ---
Pagc 19 
requires that the party who possesses the privilege, 
both the client who possesses the attorney/client 
privilege and the lawyers who possess the work 
product privileges, they have a due process right to 
review the documents and assert the privileges that 
they feel appropriate. 
It then falls on some judge somewhere to 
call balls and strikes on those asserted privileges, 
but it would be absolute error to not allow the 
parties who own the privileges from reviewing these 
documents. And there's no preservation or 
gatekeeper issue here, because they've been well 
preserved. They're on the original RRA server, there 
are copies of disks everywhere, so it's not as though 
giving a copy of a disk to myself and my partner, 
Mr. Edwards, would lead to some preservation problem. 
They've got copies of everything that we would be 
looking at. 
THE COURT: Thank you. 
MR. KNIGHT: Your Honor, briefly, if I can? 
THE COURT: Go ahead. 
MR. KNIGHT: I guess we now know where the 
ten boxes are. If that's true, they should be handed 
over to the trustee who said they didn't have them 
before, because obviously they should be before the 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731399
--- PAGE 20 ---
Page 20 
trustee. I don't know if those ten boxes are going 
to have anything to do with these nine other 
lawsuits, but at the time of the last hearing, nobody 
knew where those ten boxes were. 
THE COURT: Well, my recollection --
Mr. Lichtman, correct me if I'm wrong, is the trustee 
turned over the respective lawyer's files to the 
respective lawyers of the former Rothstein firm. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Correct. I think the 
phraseology might be better stated that when the firm 
dissolved and lawyers that were responsible for cases 
had files in their custody, in order to properly 
manage those files, they took the files, and we said, 
you should have them. 
MR. FARMER: Actually, Judge Streitfeld, 
who presided over the initial receivership, issued an 
order providing for --
THE COURT: That's what I thought. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Yes. 
THE COURT: I thought there was an order in 
place somewhere. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Yeah. 
THE COURT: So then you don't have the ten 
boxes of files? 
MR. LICHTMAN: I've never seen them. I 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731400
--- PAGE 21 ---
Page 21 
don't, no. 
THE COURT: No, they're in the custody of 
Farmer and Edwards. 
MR. FARMER: Yes, sir. 
MR. KNIGHT: Then, Your Honor, we need 
those to get back to the trustee so they can come 
under this privilege log. This is not a matter 
before Judge Crow, it's over here because 
Mr. Lichtman has custody of these e-mails. These 
e-mails, no matter what Mr. Farmer wants to throw out 
about our client, which were allegations which were 
disputed on many of it, this deals with our ability 
to get documents --
THE COURT: Well, he didn't take the Fifth 
Amendment? 
MR. KNIGHT: He took the Fifth Amendment 
relative to some of the criminal charges that were 
brought against him. 
THE COURT: And he didn't plead guilty? I 
thought he did. 
MR. KNIGHT: He pled guilty to a charge. 
When he threw out the 13-year old girl, I think that 
is only for fluff in this courtroom. 
MR. FARMER: No, it's to rebut your 
assertion that she was an adult. 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731401
--- PAGE 22 ---
Page 22 
MR. KNIGHT: She's an adult now. I said --
we also argued that she wasn't an adult at that time. 
He entered into a plea. Clients enter into a plea. 
It does not take away his rights to come before this 
Court and understand why his case was promoted at the 
Rothstein firm to bring other investors in to cause 
other people to come out of the woodwork to claim 
they were also victims of his. We need to find out 
why. That's why Judge Carney has been appointed. 
Judge Carney has come up with a solution which is 
workable. All we're asking the Court is to not allow 
the Farmer firm to become the gatekeeper, allow Judge 
Carney to continue to be the gatekeeper, and have it 
limited to the objections which were raised earlier, 
and the privileges asserted earlier. 
THE COURT: I will tell you now, I will 
deal with the disk problem here. The, quote, "ten 
boxes" in the possession of Mr. Farmer and 
Mr. Edwards can be dealt with at the State Court 
level. 
MR. KNIGHT: Okay. And --
THE COURT: Now, turning to the disk issue, 
let me hear from Mr. Silver and Mr. Lichtman. 
MR. LICHTMAN: You go first. 
MR. SILVER: Your Honor, first of all, we 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731402
--- PAGE 23 ---
S 
Page 23 
issued a subpoena under Rule 2004 last night to the 
trustee, service of which was accepted by 
Mr. Lichtman. So now we're clearly before this 
Court. We believe it relates to acts, conduct and 
property of this estate, these facts. In fact, in 
Paragraph 90 of our complaint in the State Court 
action before Judge Streitfeld, we've stated, in 
terms of some of our clients being lured into the 
fraud through false facts relating -- or false 
allegations relating to Jeffrey Epstein, we alleged 
representatives of D3 were offering --
THE COURT: I haven't read your subpoena, 
but I take it you're seeking access to the same disk 
that Messrs. Knight and --
MR. SILVER: That's correct, Your Honor, so 
I think the whole sword, shield and Fifth Amendment 
is, at this point, a moot point, because we have a 
legitimate discovery request under Bankruptcy Rule 
2004. 
In terms of the cost and expense to this 
estate, Your Honor, in the State Court action, we 
represent over $160,000,000 of the victims. So while 
we appreciate Mr. Farmer trying to look after our 
financial interests, we think we can do so ourselves. 
In addition, in your ruling, you indicated 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731403
--- PAGE 24 ---
S 
Page 24 
that the costs and expenses of this matter would be 
paid for by Mr. Epstein, not by the bankruptcy 
estate, so I think that's a red-herring issue, Judge. 
Also, I pulled the transcript from the last 
hearing, and I believe Your Honor contemplated the 
very issues raised in the motion for clarification 
and dealt with them. At Page 35 of the transcript, 
beginning at Line 24, the Court: "Well, no, if I 
appoint a special master, you will have an input into 
that. Special master: "and you'll have an 
opportunity to be heard before me before I authorize 
the release of the information, because, ultimately, 
the order that's going to authorize the release of 
the information is going to provide protection to the 
trustee and the estate." 
Then at Page 36, beginning at Line 24, "The 
Special Master will meet with both sides, Epstein and 
Edwards, and then with a trustee, and will prepare a 
privilege log, the release of which will be noticed 
for hearing in front of me." 
Your Honor also indicated that the special 
master would review the actual documents. So reading 
the transcript, I believe the procedure Your Honor 
contemplated was that the Farmer Jaffe firm would 
have input before any of these documents were 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731404
--- PAGE 25 ---
Pagc 25 
released, the special master would, in effect, be 
reviewing them, in camera, as an adjunct of this 
Court, which is appropriate and a long-standing 
procedure, and that the Farmer Jaffe firm would have 
input if they believed that certain of the documents 
were privileged, to assert that. The special master 
would then make a recommendation to this Court, and 
this Court would make the final decision. 
So I think the due process rights, and the 
ability of the Farmer Jaffe firm on behalf of their 
client to make objection on the basis of privilege 
still exists, and is still protected by this Court. 
I am concerned, Your Honor, though, with 
timing. We have a motion for protective order that 
was filed by the Farmer Jaffe firm, I believe it's 
set for a week from today, where, if I read it 
correctly, they're saying essentially every document 
is privileged. So to have a procedure that first 
gives it to the Farmer Jaffe firm, only to come back 
several weeks later saying everything is privileged, 
we're going to end up at square one again with a 
special master who is going to need to go through 
these documents in camera, and make a recommendation 
to this Court, and all that will have been 
accomplished is delay, additional delay, and I don't 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 3584875 
EFTA00731405
--- PAGE 26 ---
Page 26 
think that's appropriate, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Well, that may or may not be 
so, because Farmer and Edwards don't want delay, 
according to them. 
MR. SILVER: I hope that's correct, Your 
Honor. 
THE COURT: Because if they cause the 
delay, then it becomes their problem. 
MR. SILVER: Understood, Your Honor. We 
also will be seeking to subpoena, under Rule 2004, 
the Farmer Jaffe firm for the 13 -- it's actually 13 
rather, than 10 boxes, that were used to lure some of 
our clients into this by coming up with false 
allegations against Mr. Epstein. 
THE COURT: But are you going to issue the 
subpoena in your State Court proceeding, or are you 
going to attempt to use Rule 2004 in the federal 
proceeding -- I'm sorry, the federal bankruptcy 
proceeding, not the federal criminal proceeding, or 
forfeiture proceeding? 
MR. SILVER: Your Honor, the latter, Rule 
2004 under the bankruptcy case, as it relates to 
acts, conduct, and property of this estate, because 
it's intertwined with the entire Ponzi Scheme, and we 
have a right to investigate that as a significant 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731406
--- PAGE 27 ---
Page 27 
creditor in this estate. 
Thank you very much, Your Honor. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Good morning, Judge. 
THE COURT: It was. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Maybe we'll go back and have 
a glass of Alka-Seltzer together. Let me first point 
out that the scope of the subpoena served upon the 
trustee goes well beyond e-mails. I'm going to not 
read to you very much, but as an example, the duces 
tecum portion of the subpoena, Paragraph 1 alone 
already starts off with Paragraph 1(b) soliciting or 
receiving money in return for settlement funds 
allegedly paid or to be paid by Jeffrey Epstein; 
(d), communication between third party investors or 
potential investors and the plaintiffs or their 
attorneys; Subsection 3, all e-mails, data, 
correspondence, memo or similar documents between 
Brad Edwards, Scott Rothstein, William Berger and 
Russell Adler and/or any attorney or representative 
of RRA and any investor or third party, and so on. 
I think you get the point there. 
We came before you last time because we 
sort of looked at the situation as not having a need 
to get into the middle of this fight between Epstein 
and the Farmer firm in terms of what the exorbitant 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731407
--- PAGE 28 ---
Page 28 
costs would have been for us to comply with the 
subpoena in terms of preparing the privilege log. I 
think the Court will remember, and I think that 
inherently the order effectively was put in place so 
that Judge Carney was going to serve as the pro tempt 
gatekeeper for the trustee. And that's really what 
his role was. 
This situation now is complicated a little 
bit more by the subpoena, the Rule 2004 Subpoena, 
that we received from Mr. Scherer. I am aware, 
without waiving work product or a common interest 
agreement with the committee, that they are looking 
at some of the things that are actually covered by 
the subpoena, so it ought not be a surprise that the 
subpoena by the Scherer firm was issued. And we 
point out that the initial claims were against Scott 
Rothstein and Mr. Edwards, as well, which is, I 
think, really Mr. Knight's point as to that it's not 
right for the Farmer firm to serve as the gatekeeper 
under those circumstances. 
THE COURT: Tell me, does this also 
this 
information also roll over into the insurance 
litigation? 
MR. LICHTMAN: I don't think so. 
THE COURT: Well, if --
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 3584875 
EFTA00731408
--- PAGE 29 ---
Page 29 
MR. LICHTMAN: I haven't seen it come up in 
that context. 
THE COURT: I've not seen it come up, but 
those still are in the early stages wherein there are 
claims against the malpractice policies, as well as 
the D&Os. 
MR. LICHTMAN: I'm not sure I've seen 
anybody try to put it into that pot yet. 
THE COURT: All right. All right. 
MR. LICHTMAN: To be sure, I think that 
Judge Carney is right, that Mr. Farmer has a 
privilege, but it's a limited one. I think it 
pertains as to matters that are particularly unique 
to him, and Mr. Edwards, and to the LM client. Of 
course, we also have that same situation, because we 
were the law firm of record at the time that all this 
came about. 
And then there's this issue of the ten 
boxes of documents that we haven't had. I think that 
this is a somewhat relevant issue. I don't know how 
we ferret it out today, to tell you the truth. I 
honestly -- I'm not trying to cast dispersions on 
what Mr. Farmer said, but having litigated for many, 
many years, I find it doubtful that there are ten 
boxes of work product. I think that there's ten 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731409
--- PAGE 30 ---
S 
Page 30 
boxes of work that was compiled in the course of 
litigation, that does not mean it is work product. 
Work product has a very narrow definition. 
THE COURT: Yeah, but you don't have 
custody of those --
MR. LICHTMAN: I don't. 
THE COURT: -- so it's not your problem. 
They can litigate that in State Court. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Right. So I think that 
where we come out on this is that -- oh, I need to 
also own up to something. I don't know if this is 
the case, or not, but when I heard Judge Carney 
mention two disks, and everybody is using the word 
e-mail, it dawned on me for the first time two 
minutes ago, no more than that, that there was 
another server at RRA, and I'm not exactly sure how 
it all worked, but I think that we may have 
electronic copies of those ten boxes of documents. 
That is because at some point the Rothstein firm went 
to a process where every document that came into the 
office was scanned into a system. In fact, a lot of 
documents were then destroyed that we found some 
boxes where they were stored on a daily basis, and 
then we had learned after the fact many boxes were 
destroyed. 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS, INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731410
--- PAGE 31 ---
Page 31 
I'll be candid with the Court, I'm not sure 
that we searched that server and, obviously, I feel 
compelled as soon as I leave here to pick up the 
phone and call our ESI people and say, did we look at 
that server also, were there documents on that case, 
because then obviously we have a situation with those 
ten boxes. 
It could be that my people looked at it and 
they didn't find anything. It could be that we have 
a whole mass of documents that are sitting on that 
server, as well, and I apologize for it not dawning 
on me until I just heard Judge Carney's remarks 
solely about e-mails. So I have to look at that 
issue. 
I think that the way we come out is that I 
think your order was basically right the first time 
around. I so think that Mr. Farmer has a right to 
look at the documents. I do think that Judge Carney 
was appointed to protect the estate and the trustee 
and, frankly, I heard everybody say stuff that I 
thought was basically right. I thought Mr. Silver 
was right, too. 
So I'm glad I get to punt mostly on this 
one. 
THE COURT: All right. I'm ready to rule. 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731411
--- PAGE 32 ---
Pagc 32 
MR. FARMER: Judge, one minute, if --
THE COURT: Go ahead. 
MR. FARMER: I just want to clarify, too. 
The motion for protective order that was referred to 
that we filed as to all documents, of course we've 
objected to everything, because until we see them, 
Judge, we don't know what is objectionable, and what 
is not. And so I just want the Court to know that 
that's why it was painted with a broad brush. 
I also want to point out, Your Honor, there 
is no adversarial proceeding pending against Edwards, 
LM, or any of the people associated with the Epstein 
litigation. I think that's important, because if the 
trustee believed that --
THE COURT: There's no litigation pending. 
MR. FARMER: That we -- Edwards and LM have 
not been sued -- I mean, Lichtman's been sued, Adler. 
People have been brought in by the trustee because 
they've found evidence that they believe constitutes 
some wrongful conduct, whether it's participation in 
a Ponzi Scheme, or the other allegations I've read in 
the papers, money laundering, I don't know. I just 
know that they're going after lawyers where they have 
found evidence that those lawyers have done something 
wrong, or --
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731412
--- PAGE 33 ---
Pagc 33 
THE COURT: That is the trustee bringing 
litigation in the bankruptcy case. 
MR. FARMER: Yes, sir. And what's 
important is there's no such claim being brought 
surrounding the Epstein cases. The trustee has the 
documents, has been able to look through files and 
records. If they believed that there were any --
this is an ultimate fishing expedition by a man whose 
been found guilty, pled guilty to these charges --
THE COURT: You're repeating yourself. 
MR. FARMER: Yes, sir. And finally, Judge 
Carney is not protecting anyone in this case. That's 
not his role. And the trustee merely stands in the 
shoes of Mr. Edwards, and myself, and the former 
lawyers there. 
And so, again, it's not the purpose of 
Judge Carney to protect a trustee, Judge Carney, 
frankly, is relieving either you, or Judge Crow, of 
the laborious task of going through thousands of 
pages of documents under which a privilege has been 
asserted. And so his role is not to protect the 
trustee, it's to call balls and strikes on the 
privilege once it's been asserted by the party who 
owns the privilege. 
Thank you, Your Honor, for indulging me 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731413
--- PAGE 34 ---
Pagc 34 
that last minute. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Judge, that's where 
Mr. Farmer is wrong on two counts. First, I've made 
it clear, we've not looked through the documents, and 
I think that's why the creditors' committee or 
Mr. Scherer, in his capacity of representing the 
Razorback people, have issued the 2004 subpoena, 
number one. 
Number two, to be clear, we wanted Judge 
Carney in place for the specific reason, because the 
trustee did not want to spend the time and the money 
to go through what was, we believed, thousands, and 
thousands, and thousands of documents where there's 
no benefit --
THE COURT: Which I've now been told there 
are 5,000. 
MR. LICHTMAN: 5,000, yeah, and now I have 
this concern as to -- and I don't know, again, 
whether it's more, or whether we've produced 
everything, but it was, indeed, so we wouldn't have 
to go through that task, and Mr. Epstein said he 
would pay for the Judge's work. 
MR. ACKERMAN: Your Honor, may I have just 
a brief response? 
THE COURT: Very brief. 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731414
--- PAGE 35 ---
Pagc 35 
MR. ACKERMAN: Very brief. 
THE COURT: Give the court reporter your 
name. 
MR. ACKERMAN: Joseph Ackerman for Jeffrey 
Epstein. The Court will recall when we were here 
last time, Mr. Scherer stood up and said his clients 
were shown the files for LM as part of a Ponzi 
Scheme. Now our client may have taken the Fifth 
Amendment in this civil case, but that doesn't mean 
we cannot rely on third-party evidence for which we 
have a good faith basis to believe that the use of 
these lawsuits against him were abused through the 
court system by this Ponzi Scheme. And that's to 
address one of Mr. Farmer's ongoing thing about the 
Fifth Amendment. We have outside third parties that 
are saying that these files were used for a crime, 
and that needs to be remembered. I think they've 
forgotten it. 
Secondly, I would ask the Court to take 
into consideration that at least until Mr. Lichtman 
determines that these other ten boxes, as we've 
referred to them, are on the server, that if they 
are, those should be part of Judge Carney's marching 
orders, as well, together with Qtask. We've sort of 
been focusing on the 5,000, but the 5,000 on the 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 3584875 
EFTA00731415
--- PAGE 36 ---
Page 36 
disk. 
And, finally, when we were here last time, 
the only objection on grounds of work product and 
attorney/client privilege raised by the Farmer firm 
was on LM, and now they're attempting to expand that, 
which is why we believe Judge Carney should be doing 
this separately in camera, with an opportunity to 
argue later. Thank you. 
MR. CARNEY: Your Honor, may I speak for 
just one second? I --
THE COURT: You're the only one that can 
speak, everybody else sit down. 
MR. CARNEY: If I can offer just one 
suggestion that I think really may help out on this. 
If the files are given over to the Farmer firm, 
anything that they're not objecting to, we turn over. 
That eliminates that issue. 
THE COURT: Well, Mr. Lichtman doesn't know 
what we have, we being you and him. 
MR. CARNEY: Except Mr. Lichtman also has 
the disk. 
THE COURT: He has the disk. 
MR. CARNEY: He's got the disk, and I've 
got the disk. 
THE COURT: But I'm going to deal with the 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731416
--- PAGE 37 ---
Pagc 37 
disk. 
MR. CARNEY: And by turning it over, if 
they don't specifically raise an objection --
THE COURT: That's what I'm going to do. 
MR. CARNEY: -- then we simply give it. 
THE COURT: We're going to proceed as 
follows: In reference to Docket Entry 1013, which is 
the motion to clarify order appointing special master 
filed by Mr. Carney, that motion will be granted, the 
two suggestions recommended in that motion will be 
granted. Mr. Lichtman, you'll see to the order, 
you'll work with Mr. Carney on the order for its 
terms. 
Then when we get to a position where 
Mr. Carney can report back to the Court, then we'll 
deal with it. 
MR. LICHTMAN: And I'll represent to the 
Court, Your Honor, that as soon as I get back to the 
office, I will also make an assessment as to whether 
or not this other server was searched so I can let 
everybody know. 
THE COURT: All right. Put in 
after you 
let the lawyers know, put in a call to my law clerk, 
and just give her a heads up. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Okay. 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731417
--- PAGE 38 ---
Pagc 38 
THE COURT: All right. Thank you. That 
concludes on the Rothstein case. 
(Thereupon, the hearing was concluded.) 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731418
--- PAGE 39 ---
Page 39 
CERTIFICATION 
State of Florida: 
County of Dade: 
I, BONNIE TANNENBAUM, Shorthand Reporter 
and Notary Public in and for the State of Florida 
at Large, do hereby certify 
that the foregoing 
proceedings were taken before me at the date and 
place as stated in the caption hereto on Page 1; 
that the foregoing computer-aided transcription is a 
true record of my stenographic notes taken at said 
proceedings. 
WITNESS my hand this 18th day of October, 
2010. 
BONNIE TANNENBAUM 
Court Reporter and Notary Public 
in and for the State of Florida at Large 
Commission Number: DD 968452 
Expires: June 22, 2014 
OUELLETTE & MAULDIN COURT REPORTERS. INC. 
(305) 358-8875 
EFTA00731419

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731420.pdf
----------------------------------------
upreme Court of oliortba 
No. SC05-2381 
IN RE: AMENDMENTS TO FLORIDA RULE OF CRIMINAL 
PROCEDURE 3.790. 
[July 5, 2007] 
PER CURIAM. 
In response to the Court's request, The Florida Bar's Criminal Procedure 
Rules Committee has filed an out-of-cycle report of proposed amendments in 
accordance with Florida Rule of Judicial Administration 2.140(f). We have 
jurisdiction. See art. V, § 2(a), Fla. Const. 
BACKGROUND 
In conjunction with the Court's request concerning Florida Rules of 
Criminal Procedure 3.131, Pretrial Release, and 3.132, Pretrial Detention, the 
Criminal Procedure Rules Committee (Committee) filed an out-of-cycle report and 
EFTA00731420
--- PAGE 2 ---
proposed amendments to rule 3.790, Probation and Community Control.' The 
proposed amendments implemented provisions of the Jessica Lunsford Act, which 
became effective September 1, 2005, and which concerns the release of high-risk 
sexual offenders and predators who are arrested for committing a material violation 
of probation or community control. See ch. 2005-28, § 13, at 223-24, Laws of Ha. 
The proposals were approved unanimously by the Committee's Fast Track 
Subcommittee, were approved by a vote of twenty-five to one by the full 
Committee, and were approved unanimously by The Florida Bar Board of 
Governors. 
The proposed amendments were published for comment in the July 15, 
2006, edition of The Florida Bar News, and a single comment was filed.2 The 
Court then considered the Committee's proposals and the comment and issued an 
order tentatively approving the proposals, but revising certain language in 
subdivision (b)(2). The Court directed the Committee to respond. The Committee 
filed a response, wherein it stated that it agrees with the Court's revisions. The 
Committee approved the revisions by a vote of twenty to one. 
1. The Committee's proposed amendments to rules 3.131 and 3.132 were 
severed from the present case and are addressed in In re Florida Rules of Criminal 
Procedure 3.131 & 3.132, 948 So. 2d 731 (Fla. 2007). 
2. The comment was filed by a Florida attorney. 
- 2 - 
EFTA00731421
--- PAGE 3 ---
While this matter was pending, the Legislature enacted the Anti-Murder Act, 
which became effective March 12, 2007, and which concerns the release of violent 
felony offenders of special concern and certain other offenders who are arrested for 
committing a material violation of probation or community control. See ch. 2007-
2, Laws of Fla. The Court then revised the pending amendments to rule 3.790 to 
implement a provision of the Anti-Murder Act. The Court issued an order 
returning the revised proposals to the Committee, to be considered under its fast 
track procedures. The Court also asked the Committee to consider whether 
additional amendments to rule 3.790, or any other rules, are needed to implement 
the Anti-Murder Act. The Committee now has filed its response wherein the 
Committee proposes that new subdivision (b)(2) of rule 3.790 be reserved for 
Lunsford Act proceedings and that new subdivision (b)(3) be added for Anti-
Murder Act proceedings. The Committee concluded that no other emergency 
amendments are needed to implement the Anti-Murder Act. The Committee 
approved the revised proposals by a vote of twenty-four to one, and the Executive 
Committee of The Florida Bar Board of Governors approved the proposals by a 
vote of eight to zero. 
AMENDMENTS 
The Committee proposes that new subdivision (b)(2), Lunsford Act 
Proceedings, be added to rule 3.790 to implement the Jessica Lunsford Act. This 
-3 
EFTA00731422
--- PAGE 4 ---
subdivision provides that when an offender is on probation or community control 
for certain sex crimes—or is a registered sex offender or registered sexual 
predator—and is arrested for violating his or her probation, the court must hold a 
hearing and make a finding that the offender is not a danger to the public before 
releasing him or her with or without bail. In order to permit adequate time for the 
parties to prepare for the hearing, the "danger" hearing may be held no sooner than 
twenty-four hours after arrest; a "good cause" requirement for requesting a delay is 
imposed upon the prosecution. Procedural safeguards for the defendant are set 
forth in the subdivision, including the right to be heard in person or through 
counsel, to present evidence, and to cross-examine witnesses. And finally, the 
subdivision lists criteria that a court may consider in determining whether the 
defendant poses a danger to the public. 
As noted above, the Court revised certain language in this proposed new 
subdivision to track the language of the Lunsford Act,3 and returned the revised 
proposal to the Committee for consideration. The Committee in its response stated 
that it agrees with this revision. We adopt the revised new subdivision (b)(2). 
3. The Committee had proposed that the subdivision provide as follows: 
"[T]he court must determine whether the probationer or community controllee is a 
danger to the public prior to release with or without bail." The Court revised this 
language to read as follows: "[T]he court must make a finding that the probationer 
or community controllee is not a danger to the public prior to release with or 
without bail." 
- 4 - 
EFTA00731423
--- PAGE 5 ---
The Committee proposes that new subdivision (b)(3), Anti-Murder Act 
Proceedings, be added to address the Anti-Murder Act. This proposed new 
subdivision provides that when a violent felony offender of special concern and 
certain other offenders are arrested for a material violation of probation or 
community control the warrant shall not be dismissed before the violation hearing 
is held, and the defendant shall not be granted pre-hearing release. If, at the 
hearing, the court determines that the defendant has committed a material 
violation, the court shall make findings as to whether the defendant poses a danger 
to the community, based on enumerated criteria. If the court finds that the 
defendant poses a danger to the community, the court shall revoke probation or 
community control and sentence the defendant up to the legal maximum for the 
underlying offense. If the court finds that the defendant does not pose a danger to 
the community, the court may revoke, modify or continue the probation or 
community control. 
This proposed new subdivision appears to implement the relevant provisions 
of the Anti-Murder Act appropriately, except in two respects. First, the proposal 
makes no provision for the fact that the Lunsford Act and the Anti-Murder Act 
appear to operate coextensively with respect to certain crimes, and that the 
provisions of the Anti-Murder Act control under such circumstances. And second, 
the proposal fails to state clearly within the text of the subdivision that this 
-5 
EFTA00731424
--- PAGE 6 ---
subdivision is applicable to "violent felony offenders of special concern" and 
certain other related categories of offenders. We have added language addressing 
both these concerns. We adopt proposed new subdivision (b)(3), as revised herein. 
CONCLUSION 
We adopt on an emergency basis the amendments to the Rules of Criminal 
Procedure as set forth in the attached appendix.4 
Additions are indicated by 
underscoring; deletions are indicated by struck-through type. The amendments 
shall become effective immediately upon release of this opinion. Because the 
Court did not publish the amendments in their entirety prior to their adoption, 
interested persons shall have sixty days from the date of this opinion in which to 
file comments with the Court.5
It is so ordered. 
4. In addition to the amendments discussed above, there are also several 
additional amendments as reflected in the appendix. 
5. An original and nine paper copies of all comments must be filed with the 
Court on or before September 4, 2007, with a certificate of service verifying that a 
copy has been served on the committee chair, H. Scott Fingerhut, P.A., 2400 S. 
Dixie Hwy., F1.2, Miami, FL 33133-3156, along with a separate request for oral 
argument if the person filing the comment wishes to participate in oral argument, 
which may be scheduled in this case. The Committee chair has until September 
24, 2007, to file a response to any comments filed with the Court. Electronic 
copies of all comments also must be filed in accordance with In re Mandatory 
Submission of Electronic Copies of Documents, Fla. Admin. Order No. AOSC04-
(Sept. 13, 2004) (on file with Clerk, Fla. Sup.Ct.). 
- 6 - 
EFTA00731425
--- PAGE 7 ---
LEWIS, C.J., and WELLS, ANSTEAD, PARIENTE, QUINCE, CANTERO, and 
BELL, JJ., concur. 
NOT FINAL UNTIL TIME EXPIRES TO FILE REHEARING MOTION, AND 
IF FILED, DETERMINED. 
Original Proceeding — The Florida Rules of Criminal Procedure 
William C. Vose, Chair, The Florida Bar Criminal Procedure Rules Committee, 
Orlando, Florida, and John F. Harkness, Jr., Executive Director, The Florida Bar. 
Tallahassee, Florida, 
for Petitioner 
Ralph S. Behr, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, 
Responding with comments 
-7 
EFTA00731426
--- PAGE 8 ---
APPENDIX 
RULE 3.790. PROBATION AND COMMUNITY CONTROL 
(a) [No change] 
(b) Revocation of Probation or Community Control; Judgment; Sentence. 
(1) Generally. Except as otherwise provided in subdivisions (b)(2) and 
(b)(3) below, Wwhen a probationer or a community controllee is brought before a 
court of competent jurisdiction charged with a violation of probation or community 
control, the court shall advise the person of the charge and, if the charge is 
admitted to be true, may immediately enter an order revoking, modifying, or 
continuing the probation or community control. If the violation of probation or 
community control is not admitted by the probationer or community controllee, the 
court may commit the person or release the person with or without bail to await 
further hearing or it may dismiss the charge of violation of probation or community 
control. If the charge is not admitted by the probationer or community controllee 
and if it is not dismissed, the court, as soon as practicable, shall give the 
probationer or community controllee an opportunity to be fully heard in person, by 
counsel, or both. After the hearing, the court may enter an order revoking, 
modifying, or continuing the probation or community control. Following a 
revocation of probation or community control, the trial court shall adjudicate the 
defendant guilty of the crime forming the basis of the probation or community 
control if no such adjudication has been made previously. Pronouncement and 
imposition of sentence then shall be made on the defendant. 
(2) Lunsford Act Proceedings. When a probationer or community 
controllee is arrested for violating his or her probation or community control in a 
material respect and is under supervision for any criminal offense proscribed in 
chapter 794, Florida Statutes, section 800.04(4), Florida Statutes. section 
800.04(5), Florida Statutes, section 800.04(6), Florida Statutes, section 827.071, 
Florida Statutes, or section 847.0145, Florida Statutes, or is a registered sexual 
predator or a registered sexual offender, or is under supervision for a criminal 
offense for which, but for the effective date, he or she would meet the registration 
criteria of section 775.21, Florida Statutes, section 943.0435, Florida Statutes, or 
section 944.607, Florida Statutes, the court must make a finding that the 
probationer or community controllee is not a danger to the public prior to release 
with or without bail. 
-8 
EFTA00731427
--- PAGE 9 ---
(A) The hearing to determine whether the defendant is a danger to the public 
shall be conducted by a court of competent jurisdiction no sooner than 24 hours 
after arrest. The time for conducting the hearing may be extended at the request of 
the accused, or at the request of the state upon a showing of good cause. 
(B) At the hearing, the defendant shall have the right to be heard in person or 
through counsel, to present witnesses and evidence, and to cross-examine 
witnesses. 
(C) In determining the danger posed by the defendant's release, the court 
may consider: 
charged; 
crimes-
(i) the nature and circumstances of the violation and any new offenses 
(ii) the defendant's vast and present conduct, including convictions of 
(iii) any record of arrests without conviction for crimes involving 
violence or sexual crimes; 
(iv) any other evidence of allegations of unlawful sexual conduct or 
the use of violence by the defendant; 
(v) the defendant's family ties, length of residence in the community, 
employment history, and mental condition; 
(vi) the defendant's history and conduct during the probation or 
community control supervision from which the violation arises and any other 
previous supervisions, including disciplinary records of previous incarcerations; 
(vii) the likelihood that the defendant will engage again in a criminal 
course of conduct; 
(viii) the weight of the evidence against the defendant; and 
(ix) any other facts the court considers relevant. 
- 9 - 
EFTA00731428
--- PAGE 10 ---
(3) Anti-Murder Act Proceedings. The provisions of this subdivision shall 
control over any conflicting provisions in subdivision (b)(2). When a probationer 
or community controllee is arrested for violating his or her probation or 
community control in a material respect and meets the criteria for a violent felony 
offender of special concern, or for certain other related categories of offender, as 
set forth in section 948.06(8), Florida Statutes, the defendant shall be brought 
before the court that granted the probation or community control and, except when 
the alleged violation is based solely on the defendant's failure to pay costs, fines, 
or restitution, shall not be granted bail or any other form of pretrial release prior to 
the resolution of the probation or community control violation hearing. 
(A) The court shall not dismiss the probation or community control violation 
warrant pending against the defendant without holding a recorded violation hearing 
at which both the state and the accused are represented. 
(B) If, after conducting the hearing, the court determines that the defendant 
has committed a violation of probation or community control other than a failure to 
pay costs, fines, or restitution, the court shall make written findings as to whether 
the defendant poses a danger to the community. In determining the danger to the 
community posed by the defendant's release, the court shall base its findings on 
one or more of the following: 
(i) The nature and circumstances of the violation and any new 
offenses charged; 
(ii) The defendant's present conduct, including criminal convictions; 
(iii) The defendant's amenability to nonincarcerative sanctions based 
on his or her history and conduct during the probation or community control 
supervision from which the violation hearing arises and any other previous 
supervisions, including disciplinary records of previous incarcerations; 
(iv) The weight of the evidence against the defendant; and 
(v) Any other facts the court considers relevant. 
(C) If the court finds that the defendant poses a danger to the community, the 
court shall revoke probation or community control and sentence the defendant up 
to the statutory maximum, or longer if permitted by law. 
- 10-
EFTA00731429
--- PAGE 11 ---
(D) If the court finds that the defendant does not pose a danger to the 
community, the court may revoke. modify. or continue the probation or community 
control or may place the probationer into community control as provided in section 
948.06, Florida Statutes. 
EFTA00731430

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731431.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731431.pdf
----------------------------------------
upreme Court of oliortba 
No. SC07-128 
DONALD DEAN KASISCHICE, 
Petitioner, 
vs. 
STATE OF FLORIDA, 
Respondent. 
[July 10, 2008] 
CANTERO, J. 
We review a statute that requires judges to impose conditions of probation 
on sexual offenders. At issue is whether the statute prohibits sexual offenders 
serving probation or community control from possessing any pornographic 
material at all or only such material relevant to the offender's deviant behavior. In 
the decision below, Kasischke v. State, 946 So. 2d 1155, 1159 (Fla. 3d DCA 
2006), the Third District Court of Appeal held that offenders cannot possess any 
such material. Its decision expressly and directly conflicts with the Second District 
Court of Appeal's decision in Taylor v. State, 821 So. 2d 404, 405-06 (Fla. 2d 
DCA 2002), which held that a condition prohibiting the defendant from "viewing, 
EFTA00731431
--- PAGE 2 ---
owning, or possessing obscene, pornographic, or sexually explicit material," must 
relate to the defendant's "particular deviant behavior pattern." We have 
jurisdiction to resolve the conflict. See art. V, § 3(b)(3), Fla. Const. Because, as 
the Third District acknowledged, the statute "is undeniably susceptible to multiple 
and irreconcilable interpretations," 946 So. 2d at 1157-58, we apply the rule of 
lenity. We therefore quash the decision below and approve the Second District's 
decision in Taylor.
I. FACTS AND PROCEDURAL HISTORY 
The facts on which the underlying convictions are based are explained in the 
district court's opinion. Leg Kasischke, 946 So. 2d 1156. For our purposes, 
suffice it to say that the Petitioner, Donald Kasischke, pled guilty to three counts 
each of lewd or lascivious battery and exhibition on a child under age sixteen. He 
was sentenced to 364 days in prison, followed by two years of community control 
and eight years of probation. Section 948.03(5)(a), Florida Statutes (1999), 
requires that courts impose several conditions on sexual offenders receiving 
probation or community control. For example, defendants are subject to a curfew; 
they cannot live within 1000 feet of certain places, such as schools, where children 
congregate; and they must successfully complete a sexual offender treatment 
program. Another condition that must be imposed—the one relevant here—is the 
following: 
- 2 - 
EFTA00731432
--- PAGE 3 ---
Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the 
sexual offender treatment program, a prohibition on viewing, owning, 
or possessing any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating 
visual or auditory material, including telephone, electronic media, 
computer programs, or computer services that are relevant to the 
offender's deviant behavior pattern. 
§ 948.03(5)(a)(7), Fla. Stat. (1999).' The Petitioner's plea agreement included 
such a condition.2 After he had been released from prison, and while he was 
serving his community control, a search of his home revealed allegedly "obscene, 
pornographic, or sexually stimulating" photographs, as well as a pornographic 
videotape. His community control was revoked and he was ordered incarcerated. 
The parties do not dispute the pornographic nature of the videotape. They 
disagree, however, about whether the Petitioner's possession of these materials 
violated his community control. The State argues that his conditions forbid 
possession of any obscene or pornographic material, while the Petitioner argues 
that they only prohibit possession of such material relevant to his particular deviant 
1. This statute has been renumbered as section 948.30(1)(g), Florida 
Statutes (2007) ("Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the 
sexual offender treatment program, a prohibition on viewing, accessing, owning, or 
possessing any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating visual or auditory 
material, including telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer 
services that are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern."). 
2. Specifically, the condition stated: "The Defendant is prohibited from 
viewing, owning or possessing any obscene, pornographic or sexually stimulating 
visual or auditory material, including telephone, electronic media, computer 
programs or computer services that are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior 
pattern, unless otherwise indicated in the offender's treatment plan." 
-3 
EFTA00731433
--- PAGE 4 ---
behavior (in his case, paying a fifteen-year-old boy to allow him to perform oral 
sex on the boy and masturbating in the boy's presence). 
On appeal, the Third District concluded that the statute was ambiguous. 
However, it analyzed the statute's legislative history, including a staff analysis 
explaining a 1997 amendment, and concluded that the Legislature intended to ban 
possession of all pornographic materials. Kasischke 946 So. 2d at 1159. In 
contrast, in a similar case, the Second District interpreted the same condition, albeit 
superficially, to prohibit only possession of materials relevant to the defendant's 
"particular deviant behavior pattern." Taylor, 821 So. 2d at 405-06. We granted 
review to resolve the conflict. agg Kasischke v. State, 954 So. 2d 1156 (Fla. 2007) 
(granting review). 
II. ANALYSIS 
The issue we consider is whether the statute prohibits possession of all 
pornographic materials, or only those "relevant to the offender's deviant behavior 
pattern." Although we quoted the statute above, because its language is central to 
our analysis, it bears repeating. It requires that any order imposing probation or 
community control include "a prohibition on viewing, owning, or possessing any 
obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating visual or auditory material, 
including telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services 
that are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern." § 948.03(5)(a)(7), 
- 4 - 
EFTA00731434
--- PAGE 5 ---
Fla. Stat. (1999). The specific question is which part of the sentence is modified 
by the phrase "relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern"? The State 
argues that the phrase modifies "sexually stimulating visual or auditory material," 
which would mean that the statute prohibits possession of all obscene and 
pornographic material, as well as "sexually stimulating visual or auditory 
material. . . relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern." The Petitioner, 
on the other hand, argues that the phrase modifies "obscene, pornographic, or 
sexually stimulating visual or auditory material," so that the statute prohibits 
possession only of such material that is relevant to his deviant behavior. The 
dissents take a third view (one not advanced by either party here),3 suggesting that 
"relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern" relates only to "telephone, 
electronic media, computer programs, or computer services." Lewis, J., dissenting 
op. at 28; Bell, J., dissenting op. at 53. 
For the reasons explained below, we find section 948.03(5)(a)(7), Florida 
Statutes (1999), ambiguous. We therefore apply the rule of lenity and hold that the 
phrase "relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern" modifies each of the 
statutory prohibitions. 
3. Although Justice Lewis suggests otherwise, Lewis, J., dissenting op. at 37 
note 21, in response to questioning at oral argument, the State clarified that its 
argument was that "relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern" modifies 
"sexually stimulating visual or auditory material." We also note that the State 
conceded at oral argument that the language of the statute is ambiguous. 
-5 
EFTA00731435
--- PAGE 6 ---
A. Plain Language 
"The interpretation of a statute is a purely legal matter and therefore subject 
to the de novo standard of review." Kephart v. Hadi, 932 So. 2d 1086, 1089 (Fla. 
2006), cert. denied, 127 S. Ct. 1268 (2007). When construing a statute, we strive 
to effectuate the Legislature's intent. See, e.g., Borden v. East-European Ins. Co., 
921 So. 2d 587, 595 (Fla. 2006) ("We endeavor to construe statutes to effectuate 
the intent of the Legislature."). To determine that intent, we look first to the 
statute's plain language. Id. at 595. "[W]hen the statute is clear and unambiguous, 
courts will not look behind the statute's plain language for legislative intent or 
resort to rules of statutory construction to ascertain intent." Id. (quoting Daniels v. 
Fla. Dep't of Health, 898 So. 2d 61, 64 (Fla. 2005)). 
We agree with the district court that this statute "is undeniably susceptible to 
multiple and irreconcilable interpretations." Kasischke, 946 So. 2d at 1157-58. 
The plain language of the statute could be construed in at least four ways: (1) as 
prohibiting all obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating material, as well as 
any telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services that are 
relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern, see Bell, J., dissenting op. at 
53; (2) as clarifying that "telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or 
computer services that are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern" are 
within the ban on "obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating" material, see 
- 6 - 
EFTA00731436
--- PAGE 7 ---
Lewis, J., dissenting op. at 28; (3) as prohibiting only such material relevant to the 
offender's deviant behavior pattern; and (4) as prohibiting all obscene and 
pornographic material, but prohibiting sexually stimulating visual or auditory 
material only when relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern. Therefore, 
as did the district court, see 946 So. 2d at 1158, we find the statute ambiguous. We 
cannot rely solely on its plain language to discover the legislative intent. 
Justice Lewis concludes that the plain language of the statute demonstrates 
that the Legislature intended the entire clause "including telephone, electronic 
media, computer programs, or computer services that are relevant to the offender's 
deviant behavior pattern" as merely illustrating a category of materials within the 
ban on "any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating material." Lewis, J., 
dissenting op. at 28. In other words, Justice Lewis argues that the Legislature 
intended to clarify that "Internet-based and other forms of electronic obscenity and 
pornography" were within the prohibition. Id. at 36. If this were the case, 
however, the Legislature could have ended the sentence after the phrase, 
"including telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services." 
Under Justice 
interpretation, these materials would be prohibited whether 
or not relevant to the offender's deviant behavior. But the Legislature did not end 
there; it added the phrase "that are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior 
pattern." This phrase must modify something. See, e.g., Martinez v. State, 981 
-7 
EFTA00731437
--- PAGE 8 ---
So. 2d 449, 452 (Fla. 2008) ("It is a basic rule of statutory construction that `the 
Legislature does not intend to enact useless provisions, and courts should avoid 
readings that would render part of a statute meaningless.'" (quoting State v. 
Bodden, 877 So. 2d 680, 686 (Fla. 2004))). We cannot construe the plain language 
of the statute in a manner that renders this language superfluous. 
B. Exploring Legislative History 
The State argues that in determining the Legislature's intent, we should also 
review the statute's legislative history, and that the history supports the State's 
interpretation. Although not advanced by the parties, the dissents suggest that the 
bill title clarifies the Legislature's intent. Lewis, J., dissenting op. at 41-42; Bell, 
J., dissenting op. at 54-56. We now address these arguments. 
Before 1997, the prohibition on obscene or pornographic materials read: 
Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the 
sexual offender treatment program, a prohibition on viewing, owning, 
or possessing any obscene, pornographic, or sexually explicit 
material. 
§ 948.03(5)(g), Ha. Stat. (1995). Clearly, under this provision, the Legislature 
intended a total ban on obscene, pornographic, or sexually explicit material. In 
1997, the Legislature amended this language as follows: 
- 8 - 
EFTA00731438
--- PAGE 9 ---
Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the 
sexual offender treatment program, a prohibition on viewing, owning, 
or possessing any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating 
visual or auditory explieit-material including telephone, electronic 
media, computer programs, or computer services that are relevant to 
the offender's deviant behavior pattern. 
Ch. 97-308, § 3, at 5520, Laws of Fla. (1997).4 Given that the previous version of 
the statute already prohibited the possession of sa
 "obscene, pornographic, or 
sexually explicit material," the 1997 amendment seems intended to narrow the 
prohibition's scope.5 This is consistent with Kasischke's proffered reading of the 
statute. 
4. Words stricken are deletions and words underlined are additions. 
5. Justice Bell notes that "[o]ther jurisdictions frequently condition a sex 
offender's ability to live in the community on total abstinence from sexual 
materials as well as the Internet and other computerized/telephonic equipment that 
facilitate one's access to prohibited materials." Bell, J., dissenting op. at 59 note 
(citing United States v. Ristine, 335 F.3d 692 (8th Cir. 2 
United States v. 
Taylor, 338 F.3d 1280 (11th Cir. 2003), State v. Ehli, 681 
.2d 808 
2004), and People v. Harrisson 36 Cal. Rptr. 3d 264 (Cal. Dist. Ct. App. 2005)). 
However, the cases cited involve language much broader than the language in this 
statute. Sgs Ristine 335 F.3d at 694 (upholding under a plain error standard, 
among others, special conditions prohibiting the defendant from "owning or 
possessing `any pornographic materials,'" and from having Internet service at his 
house); Taylor, 338 F.3d at 1285 (upholding a special condition of probation 
prohibiting the defendant from "using or possessing a computer with Internet 
access"); Ehli, 681 
.2d at 810 (upholding a condition prohibiting the defendant 
from using the Internet); Harrisson, 36 Cal Rptr. 3d at 266, 271 (upholding a 
condition prohibiting use of the Internet "in any way whatsoever"). Thus, they do 
not inform our analysis. 
- 9 - 
EFTA00731439
--- PAGE 10 ---
The dissenting justices cite the bill title as indicating that the Legislature 
intended to keep the broad ban on obscene and pornographic materials and either 
clarify that "telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer 
services" are within the ban, Lewis, J., dissenting op. at 41-42, or add to it a ban on 
"telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services" relevant 
to the offender's deviant behavior, Bell, J. dissenting op. at 54-56. We certainly 
agree that the bill title may be helpful in determining legislative intent. See, e.g., 
Aramark Uniform & Career Apparel, Inc. v. Easton, 894 So. 2d 20, 25 (Fla. 2004) 
(quoting State v. Webb, 398 So. 2d 820, 824-25 (Fla. 1981)). We disagree, 
however, that in this case the bill title reveals the Legislature's intent one way or 
the other. 
The title to chapter 97-308, Laws of Florida, states in pertinent part: 
An act relating to sex offenders; . . . amending section 948.03, F.S.; 
requiring a curfew between specified hours; providing alternatives; 
revising requirements for treatment for sex offenders; revising a 
provision that prohibits a sex offender from viewing, owning or 
possessing certain materials; prohibiting a sex offender from 
possessing telephone, electronic media, or computer programs or 
services that are relevant to the offender's behavior pattern; . . . . 
Ch. 97-308, Laws of Fla. The dissents suggest that the clause "prohibiting a sex 
offender from possessing telephone, electronic media, or computer programs or 
services that are relevant to the offender's behavior pattern" in the bill title 
demonstrates that the phrase "relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern" 
- 10-
EFTA00731440
--- PAGE 11 ---
is limited to "telephone, electronic media, or computer programs or services." 
Lewis, J., dissenting op. at 41-42; Bell, J., dissenting op. at 54-56. We disagree. 
This language in the bill title merely tracks the amendment to the statute; it does 
not clarify how that language is to be interpreted in relation to the remainder of the 
subsection. This ambiguity is further highlighted by the immediately preceding 
clause in the bill title, which states that it "revis[es] a provision that prohibits a sex 
offender from viewing, owning or possessing certain materials." Ch. 97-308, Laws 
of Ha. (emphasis added). If anything, this suggests that the Legislature did not 
intend to leave the broad ban intact, but instead intended to revise the entire 
provision. In short, the bill title simply does not clarify the ambiguities in the 
statute. 
Justice Bell argues that the bill title demonstrates the Legislature's intent to 
keep the total ban on obscene and pornographic materials and add to it a ban on 
"telephone, electronic media, or computer programs or services that are relevant to 
the offender's behavior pattern." Bell, J., dissenting op. at 56. This interpretation, 
however, would require us to replace "including" in the statute with "as well as" or 
"and." To illustrate, if the Legislature intended to simply add a prohibition on 
relevant telephone, electronic media, and computer programs or services to the 
total ban on obscene and pornographic materials, it would have amended the 
provision to read as follows: 
EFTA00731441
--- PAGE 12 ---
Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the 
sexual offender treatment program, a prohibition on viewing, owning, 
or possessing any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating 
visual or auditory material, including-as well as telephone, electronic 
media, computer program, or computer services that are relevant to 
the offender's deviant behavior. 
The Legislature did not include such language, and we cannot add it on our 
own. See, e.g., State v. City of Fort Pierce, 88 So. 2d 135, 137 (Fla. 1956) 
("It is not the province of this Court to rewrite the acts of the Legislature."). 
The State asks us to dive even deeper into the legislative history. It argues 
that a Senate Staff Analysis addressing the amendment, and the results of study by 
the National Institute of Justice (NIJ) cited there, demonstrate that the Legislature 
did not intend to narrow the broad ban on pornographic and obscene materials. 
See Fla. S. Comm. on Crim. J., CS/SB 1930 (1997) Staff Analysis (April 8, 1997) 
(on file with the Florida State Archives) [Staff Analysis] (citing Kim English, et 
al., Managing Adult Sex Offenders in the Community—A Containment Approach, 
Nat'l Inst. Just. 1 (Jan. 1997) [NIJ report]). 
As we recently noted, "[t]his Court is not unified in its view of the use of 
legislative staff analyses to determine legislative intent." GTC, Inc. v. Edgar, 967 
So. 2d 781, 789 n.4 (Fla. 2007); see also White v. State, 714 So. 2d 440, 443 n.5 
(Fla. 1998) (recognizing that staff analyses are not determinative of legislative 
intent, but are only "one touchstone of the collective legislative will" (quoting 
SunBank/South Fla., 
. v. Baker, 632 So. 2d 669, 671 (Fla. 4th DCA 1994))); 
- 12-
EFTA00731442
--- PAGE 13 ---
American Home Assur. Co. v. Plaza Materials Corp., 908 So. 2d 360, 376 (Fla. 
2005) (Cantero, J., concurring in part and dissenting in part) (proposing that 
"legislative staff analyses add nothing to an investigation of legislative intent"). In 
any event, a defendant on probation or community control cannot be expected to 
research staff analyses to determine whether particular conduct is permitted. The 
language of the statute should be enough. 
Assuming that staff analyses can ever assist in determining legislative intent, 
in this case it is at best inconclusive. For example, the Staff Analysis states that 
the amendment would "clarify the condition of probation, community control, and 
conditional release that prohibits the possession, viewing, or use of sexually 
`explicit' material to be sexually stimulating visual or auditory material that would 
include telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services that 
are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern." Staff Analysis at 8. This 
sentence supports the State's argument that the Legislature intended to retain the 
total ban on pornographic or obscene material, and also to prohibit sexually 
stimulating material to the extent "relevant to the offender's deviant behavior 
pattern." The Staff Analysis also indicates, however, that the amendment was 
based, at least in part, on the NIJ report. See Staff Analysis at 6-7 (detailing the 
NIJ report). That report proposed a five-part model containment process for 
managing adult sex offenders. NIJ report at 3. The Staff Analysis notes that one 
- 13 - 
EFTA00731443
--- PAGE 14 ---
of the components of managing adult sex offenders is "utilizing sex offender-
specific containment strategies," "focus[ing] on a containment approach to case 
processing and case management that can be tailored to the individual sex offender 
and his or her deviant sexual history." Staff Analysis at 7-8 (emphasis added) 
(quoting NIJ report at 3). The NIJ report also indicates that priorities include 
"individualized treatment, supervision, and surveillance," with "sex offender-
specific probation or parole conditions." NIJ report at 5. One of the recommended 
offender-specific conditions is strikingly similar to that at issue here: "You shall 
not possess any pornographic, sexually oriented, or sexually stimulating visual, 
auditory, telephonic, or electronic media and computer programs or services that 
are relevant to your deviant behavior pattern." Id. at 5, 9 (suggesting 
"individualized supervision plans for adult sex offenders according to their 
particular risk factors"). This passage supports the Petitioner's argument that the 
Legislature intended to focus on the particular offender's deviant behavior and 
tailor the prohibitions accordingly. 
Thus, some language from the Staff Analysis suggests an intent to retain the 
total ban on pornographic and obscene material and add a prohibition on 
possessing "sexually stimulating material" that is "relevant to the offender's 
deviant behavior pattern"; while other language suggests an intent to focus all 
- 14-
EFTA00731444
--- PAGE 15 ---
prohibitions on the offender's specific deviant behavior. 6 Therefore, even if staff 
analyses may sometimes help in determining legislative intent, and even if we 
could expect defendants to review them to determine what conduct was permitted, 
the Staff Analysis here fails to clarify the Legislature's intent. 
C. Applying the Canons of Statutory Construction 
Where legislative intent is unclear from the plain language of the statute, we 
look to canons of statutory construction. Joshua v. City of Gainesville 768 So. 2d 
432, 435 (Fla. 2000) ("[I]f the language of the statute is unclear, then rules of 
statutory construction control."). One such canon is the doctrine of the last 
antecedent, under which "relative and qualifying words, phrases and clauses are to 
be applied to the words or phrase immediately preceding, and are not to be 
construed as extending to, or including, others more remote." City of St. 
Petersburg v. Nasworthy, 751 So. 2d 772, 774 (Fla. 1st DCA 2000). The last 
antecedent is "the last word, phrase, or clause that can be made an antecedent 
without impairing the meaning of the sentence." 2A Norman J. Singer & 
Shambie Singer, Statutes and Statutory Construction § 47.33 (7th ed. 2007). 
6. Justice Lewis suggests that the Legislature amended the statute in 1997 in 
response to the growth of Internet-based and other forms of electronic 
pornography. Lewis, J., dissenting op. at 36-37. While it is plausible that some 
legislators had this concern, the Staff Analysis does not mention Internet growth, 
and the NIJ report specifically recommended a condition similar to that at issue 
here without mentioning concerns regarding growth of the Internet. See ND 
Report at 5. 
- 15 - 
EFTA00731445
--- PAGE 16 ---
Commentators have questioned the doctrine's utility. See Terri LeClercq, 
Doctrine of the Last Antecedent: The Mystifying Morass of Ambiguous Modifiers, 
J. Legal Writing Inst. 81, 89 (1996) ("[R]ather than becoming `one more aid' in 
interpretation as Sutherland hoped, the Doctrine of Last Antecedent has, in its 
hundred-plus year history, created as much confusion and disagreement as the 
ambiguous modifiers its drafter set out to clarify."). The very formulation of the 
doctrine recognizes its application only where "no contrary intention appears." 
Singer & Singer, supra, § 47:33 ("Referential and qualifying words and phrases, 
where no contrary intention appears, refer solely to the last antecedent."). As 
Statutes and Statutory Construction explains, "[t]he rule is another aid to discovery 
of intent or meaning and is not inflexible and uniformly binding. Where the sense 
of the entire act requires that a qualifying word or phrase apply to several 
preceding or even succeeding sections, the word or phrase will not be restricted to 
its immediate antecedent." Id.; see also Barnhart v. Thomas, 540 U.S. 20, 26 
(2003) ("While [the doctrine of last antecedent] is not an absolute and can 
assuredly be overcome by other indicia of meaning, we have said that construing a 
statute in accord with the rule is `quite sensible as a matter of grammar.' (quoting 
Nobelman v. Am. Savings Bank, 508 U.S. 324, 330 (1993))); Porto Rico Ry., 
Light & Power Co. v. Mor, 253 U.S. 345, 348 (1920) ("When several words are 
followed by a clause which is applicable as much to the first and other words as to 
- 16-
EFTA00731446
--- PAGE 17 ---
the last, the natural construction of the language demands that the clause be read as 
applicable to all."). One commentator has explained that the doctrine itself 
requires interpretation: 
Sutherland begins with what seems the fall-back rule of statutory 
interpretation and concludes with his specific point. He begins with a 
qualifier, that interpreters should use the Doctrine of Last Antecedent 
"where no contrary intention appears." Appears where? Within the 
phrase or within the document as a whole? In the notes of the 
committee that wrote the original rule? If the language offers no 
"contrary intention," then the meaning is already "plain." If the 
contrary intent shows up within the sentence itself, then there is no 
need for the rule. And legislative intent or the drafter's intent is 
usually in question to begin with, so that search rarely clarifies the 
sentence in question. . . . Thus the Sutherland rule is a jumble. 
LeClercq, supra at 92-93 (footnotes omitted). 
In any event, applying the doctrine here does not result in the State's 
suggested construction, which is that the phrase, "that are relevant to the offender's 
deviant behavior pattern" qualifies "sexually stimulating visual or auditory 
material." To reach this construction, we would have to insert a comma at the end 
of the intervening phrase "including telephone, electronic media, computer 
programs, or computer services." To explain, "commas are used to set off 
expressions that provide additional but nonessential information about a noun or 
pronoun immediately preceding. Such expressions serve to further identify or 
explain the word they refer to." William A. Sabin, The Gregg Reference Manual 
(10th ed. 2005). These expressions are parenthetical, meaning that the sentence 
- 17 - 
EFTA00731447
--- PAGE 18 ---
can stand alone without them. When an expression is essential to the sentence, 
however, it is not separated with commas. Id. at 35; see also State v. Tunney, 895 
P.2d 13, 16 (Wash. Ct. App. 1995) ("Under the rules of punctuation, appositives 
which serve a nonrestrictive (parenthetic) function are set off by commas; 
appositives which serve a restrictive (necessary) function are not."), 
917 P.2d 
(Wash. 1996); Xcel Corp. v. Dir., Div. of Taxation, 4 M. Tax 85, 89 (E. Tax 
Ct.) ("It is an elementary rule of grammar that commas are used to set off 
nonrestrictive appositives, which are nouns that immediately follow and provide 
additional but nonessential information about another noun in the sentence."), 
M, 5 M. Tax 480 
.
Super. Ct. App. Div. 1982). "Evidence that a qualifying 
phrase is supposed to apply to all antecedents instead of only to the immediately 
preceding one may be found in the fact that it is separated from the antecedents by 
a comma." Singer & Singer, supra, § 47:33. Thus, to reach the State's proffered 
construction, we would have to read the phrase "including telephone, electronic 
media, computer programs, or computer services" as an appositive phrase that 
provides nonessential explanatory information about the immediately preceding 
phrase—"sexually stimulating visual or auditory material." So construed, 
removing the phrase would make the sentence read, "or sexually stimulating visual 
or auditory material. . . that are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior 
pattern." 
- 18 - 
EFTA00731448
--- PAGE 19 ---
The problem with such a construction is that the Legislature did not isolate 
with commas the phrase "including telephone, electronic media, computer 
programs, or computer services." We cannot read it as a parenthetical phrase by 
inserting a comma ourselves. See Wagner v. Botts, 88 So. 2d 611, 613 (Fla. 1956) 
("We have no authority to insert punctuation marks which are not there in order to 
engraft upon the Act our notion of what the Legislature intended or should have 
intended.").7
Instead, under the doctrine of last antecedent, the last phrase would qualify 
the immediately preceding phrase, so that "relevant to the offender's deviant 
behavior pattern" would modify only "electronic media, computer programs, or 
computer services." See State ex rel. Owens v. Pearson, 156 So. 2d 4, 6 (Fla. 
1963) ("[F]ollowing an enumeration in a series, a qualifying phrase will be read as 
limited to the last of the series when it follows that item without a comma or other 
indication that it relates as well to those items preceding the conjunction."); 48A 
7. We note that even inserting a comma would not necessarily eliminate the 
ambiguity. The statute would then require "a prohibition on viewing . . . any 
obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating . . . material, including telephone, 
electronic media, computer programs, or computer services[,] that are relevant to 
the offender's deviant behavior." The statute could still be interpreted to prohibit 
only materials relevant to the offender's deviant behavior. If the Legislature 
intended to prohibit possession of all obscene or pornographic materials, as well as 
prohibit sexually stimulating material relevant to the offender's deviant behavior, it 
could have phrased the statute as follows: "a prohibition on . . . possessing any 
obscene or pornographic material, or any sexually stimulating . . . material that are 
relevant to the offender's deviant behavior, including telephone, electronic media, 
computer programs, or computer services." 
- 19-
EFTA00731449
--- PAGE 20 ---
Fla. Jur. 2d Statutes § 133 (2007) (recognizing that under the doctrine of last 
antecedent, "a qualifying phrase in a statute is read as limited to the last item in a 
series when the phrase follows that item without a comma"). That interpretation, 
however, would lead to the absurd result that an offender would be prohibited from 
"viewing, owning, or possessing" all "obscene, pornographic, or sexually 
stimulating visual or auditory material" in print form, but not the same material in 
"telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services" unless it 
was "relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern." Possession of a 
"sexually stimulating" photograph would violate the statute, but possession of a 
computer image of that photograph would not unless it was relevant to the 
particular offender's deviant behavior pattern. We cannot apply the doctrine of last 
antecedent in a manner that leads to such a result. See, e.g., Warner v. City of 
Boca Raton, 887 So. 2d 1023, 1033 n.9 (Fla. 2004) ("[A] statutory provision 
should not be construed in such a way that it renders the statute meaningless or 
leads to absurd results."); City of St. Petersburg v. Siebold, 48 So. 2d 291, 294 
(Fla. 1950) ("The courts will not ascribe to the Legislature an intent to create 
absurd . . . consequences, and so an interpretation avoiding absurdity is always 
preferred."); Haworth v. Chapman, 152 So. 663, 665 (Fla. 1933) ("There is a 
strong presumption against absurdity in a statutory provision; it being unreasonable 
to suppose that the Legislature intended their own stultification . . . ."). 
-20-
EFTA00731450
--- PAGE 21 ---
The final possible interpretation of the last phrase is that it modifies the 
entire sentence so that defendants are prohibited from possessing any obscene, 
pornographic, or sexually stimulating material, but only to the extent the material 
is relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern. This interpretation seems at 
least as faithful an interpretation of the text as the others, if not more so. It has the 
benefit of prohibiting obscene, pornographic, and sexually stimulating material to 
the same extent and gives a logical meaning to the last phrase. 
Such an interpretation is also supported by another canon of statutory 
construction: the rule of lenity. In Florida, the rule is not just an interpretive tool, 
but a statutory directive. agg § 775.021(1), Fla. Stat. (2007) ("The provisions of 
this code and offenses defined by other statutes shall be strictly construed; when 
the language is susceptible of differing constructions, it shall be construed most 
favorably to the accused."). The rule requires that "[a]ny ambiguity or situations in 
which statutory language is susceptible to differing constructions must be resolved 
in favor of the person charged with an offense." State v. Byars, 823 So. 2d 740, 
742 (Fla. 2002) (emphasis added). As we have emphasized before, "lo]ne of the 
most fundamental principles of Florida law is that penal statutes must be strictly 
construed according to their letter."' Id. (quoting Perkins v. State, 576 So. 2d 
1310, 1312 (Fla. 1991)). "Indeed, our system of jurisprudence is founded on a 
belief that everyone must be given sufficient notice of those matters that may result 
- 21 - 
EFTA00731451
--- PAGE 22 ---
in a deprivation of life, liberty, or property." Perkins, 576 So. 2d at 1312; see also 
United States v. Santos, 128 S. Ct. 2020, 2025 (2008) (plurality opinion) ("Under a 
long line of our decisions, the tie must go to the defendant. The rule of lenity 
requires ambiguous criminal laws to be interpreted in favor of the defendants 
subjected to them."); State v. Winters, 346 So. 2d 991, 993 (Fla. 1977) ("Penal 
statutes must be strictly construed in favor of the accused where there is doubt as to 
their meaning and must be sufficiently explicit so that men of common intelligence 
may ascertain whether a contemplated act is within or without the law, and so that 
the ordinary man may determine what conduct is proscribed by the statute."). 
We recognize that the rule of lenity is a canon of last resort. See, e.g., 
United States v. Shabani, 513 U.S. 10, 17 (1994) ("The rule of lenity, however, 
applies only when, after consulting traditional canons of statutory construction, we 
are left with an ambiguous statute."); cf. Bautista v. State, 863 So. 2d 1180, 1185 
n.4 (Fla. 2003) (recognizing that the rule of lenity does not apply where legislative 
intent to the contrary is clear). As discussed above, however, and as the Third 
District acknowledged in this case, the statute "is undeniably susceptible to 
multiple and irreconcilable interpretations." 946 So. 2d at 1157. The dissenting 
justices have presented two of many possible interpretations of the statute. Their 
lengthy dissents to this opinion only highlight the difficulty in interpreting this 
hopelessly ambiguous statute. We have been unable otherwise to resolve this 
- 22 - 
EFTA00731452
--- PAGE 23 ---
ambiguity and cannot simply choose our preferred construction. We therefore 
apply the rule of lenity and hold that the limiting phrase "relevant to the offender's 
deviant behavior pattern" must be interpreted as qualifying each of the prohibitions 
in section 948.03(5)(a)(7).8 See Clines v. State, 912 So. 2d 550, 560 (Fla. 2005) 
(applying the rule of lenity to an ambiguous statute that "generate[d] differing 
reasonable constructions"). In other words, the Petitioner violated the statute only 
if the "obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating" material recovered from his 
home was relevant to his "deviant behavior pattern." That issue has not been 
addressed in this case and is outside the scope of the conflict. See. e.g., 
McEnderfer v. Keefe, 921 So. 2d 597, 597 n.1 (Fla. 2006) (declining to reach 
issues "that were either not directly addressed by the district court . . . or were 
merely implied or cursory, at best"); Gaines v. Sayne, 764 So. 2d 578, 586 (Fla. 
8. Justice Bell argues that our decision leaves Florida courts and law 
enforcement with a "vague" restriction because it requires a determination as to 
what materials are relevant to the offender's "deviant behavior pattern." Bell, J., 
dissenting op. at 63-67. However, his argument ignores that the condition at issue 
is not required where the treatment plan provided by the sexual offender treatment 
program provides otherwise. § 948.03(5)(a)(7), Ha. Stat. (1999) (prefacing the 
condition at issue with "[u]nless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided 
by the sexual offender treatment program"). Further, any problem determining 
what materials are "relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern" is a 
function of the language used by the Legislature, not our decision today. We note 
that even under Justice Bell's view, Florida courts would be required to determine 
what "telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services" are 
"relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern." 
- 23 - 
EFTA00731453
--- PAGE 24 ---
2000) (declining to address an issue outside the scope of the conflict). We 
therefore leave it for resolution on remand. 
III. CONCLUSION 
We hold that the phrase "relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern" 
qualifies each of the prohibitions in section 948.03(5)(a)(7), Florida Statutes 
(1999). An offender does not violate this condition unless the "obscene, 
pornographic, or sexually stimulating" material at issue is relevant to the "deviant 
behavior pattern." We therefore approve the Second District's decision in Taylor
and quash the Third District's decision in Kasischke. We remand this case to the 
district court with instructions that it be returned to the trial court for further 
proceedings consistent with this opinion. 
It is so ordered. 
QUINCE, C.J., and WELLS, ANSTEAD, and PARIENTE, JJ., concur. 
LEWIS, J., dissents with an opinion. 
BELL, J., dissents with an opinion. 
NOT FINAL UNTIL TIME EXPIRES TO FILE REHEARING MOTION, AND 
IF FILED, DETERMINED. 
LEWIS, J., dissenting. 
This case involves interpretation of section 948.03(5)(a)(7), Florida Statutes 
(1999), which is a default term of probation and community control for Florida's 
convicted sexual offenders. This question of statutory interpretation is subject to 
- 24 - 
EFTA00731454
--- PAGE 25 ---
de novo review. See, e.g., Daniels v. Fla. Dep't of Health, 898 So. 2d 61,64 (Fla. 
2005). The 1999 version of section 948.03(5)(a)(7),9 reads as follows: 
Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the 
sexual offender treatment program, a prohibition on viewing, owning, 
or possessing any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating 
visual or auditory material, including telephone, electronic media, 
computer programs, or computer services that are relevant to the 
offender's deviant behavior pattern. 
(Emphasis supplied.) The majority opinion does not adequately address the 
presence or significance of (1) the adjective "any," m (2) the participle 
"including," II (3) the comma preceding "including," which further indicates that 
9. In 2004, the Legislature transferred the language contained in the 1999 
version of section 948.03(5)(a)(7) to section 948.30(1)(g), Florida Statutes. See 
ch. 2004-373, § 18, at 2826-27, Laws of Fla. In 2005, the Legislature amended 
section 948.30(1)(g) by adding "accessing" to the total prohibition against 
convicted sexual offenders "viewing, accessing, owning, or possessing any 
obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating visual or auditory material." Ch. 
2005-67, § 4, at 467, Laws of Fla.; § 948.30(1)(g), Fla. Stat. (2005) (emphasis 
supplied). 
10. See Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 53 (10th ed. 1996) ("any . . . adj. . . 
. unmeasured or unlimited in amount, number, or extent" (emphasis supplied)). 
11. ate Fed. Land Bank of St. Paul v. Bismarck Lumber Co., 314 U.S. 95, 
100 (1941) ("[T]he term `including' is not one of all-embracing definition, but 
connotes simply an illustrative application of the general principle." (emphasis 
supplied)); see also Phelps Dodge Corp. v. NLRB, 313 U.S. 177, 189 (1941) 
(substantially similar); Black's Law Dictionary 777-78 (8th ed. 2004) ("The 
participle including typically indicates a partial list . 
. But some drafters use 
phrases such as including without limitation and including but not limited to—
which mean the same thing." (emphasis supplied)). 
- 25 - 
EFTA00731455
--- PAGE 26 ---
the entire clause introduced by "including" is illustrative,'2 or (4) a series of 
intervening nouns.13
When one reads section 948.03(5)(a)(7) it is apparent that the clause 
"including telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services 
that are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern," is merely illustrative 
and indicates that these materials fall within the general ambit of the total 
prohibition against the sexual offender "viewing, owning, or possessing any 
obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating visual or auditory material." Cf. 
Wagner v. Botts, 88 So. 2d 611 (Fla. 1956).14 The grammatical structure and 
phrasing of this default term of sexual-offender probation and community control 
12. State v. Bodden, 877 So. 2d 680, 685 (Fla. 2004) ("[T]he legislature is 
presumed to know the meaning of words and the rules of grammar, and the only 
way the court is advised of what the legislature intends is by giving the generally 
accepted construction, not only to the phraseology of an act but to the manner in 
which it is punctuated." (quoting Fla. State Racing 
v. Bourquardez 42 
So. 2d 87, 88 (Fla. 1949)) (emphasis supplied)). 
13. ee State ex rel. Owens v. Pearson, 156 So. 2d 4, 5 (Fla. 1963) 
(describing the rule of the last antecedent). 
14. In Wanner, this Court interpreted the following language of chapter 
27537, Laws of Florida (1951), as "clear and unambiguous": "The Civil Service is 
hereby divided into the unclassified and classified service. The unclassified 
service shall comprise: . 
(g) Persons of highly technical or professional training 
including registered nurses employed by Escambia General Hospital." 88 So. 2d at 
612-13 (emphasis supplied). Specifically, the Court held that the clear language of 
the law mandated that a cartographer employed by Escambia County fell within 
the ambit of the descriptive clause "[p]ersons of highly technical or professional 
training," and that the language "including registered nurses employed by 
Escambia General Hospital," was purely illustrative. Id. (emphasis supplied). 
- 26 - 
EFTA00731456
--- PAGE 27 ---
simply does not admit of any other reasonable interpretation; therefore, the rule of 
lenity does not apply. See, e.g., Clines v. State, 912 So. 2d 550, 560 (Fla. 2005) 
("[T]he rule [of lenity] `is applicable to sentencing provisions' if they `create 
ambiguity or generate differing reasonable constructions.' " (quoting Nettles v. 
State, 850 So. 2d 487, 494 (Fla. 2003) (emphasis supplied)); Wallace v. State, 860 
So. 2d 494, 497-98 (Fla. 4th DCA 2003) ("Application of [the] rule [of lenity] 
means that if there is a reasonable construction of a penal statute favorable to the 
accused, the court must employ that construction." (emphasis supplied)). 
The majority spurns the intent of the Legislature, as expressed through the 
plain text of the statute, and similarly runs afoul of several canons of statutory 
construction. For these reasons, I must respectfully dissent. 
I. ANALYSIS 
A. The Plain Text of Section 948.03(5)(a)(7) 
The plain text of section 948.03(5)(a)(7) clearly conveys the intent of the 
Legislature. Further, "the statute's plain and ordinary meaning must control, 
unless this leads to an unreasonable result or a result clearly contrary to legislative 
intent." Daniels, 898 So. 2d at 64. Here, the plain text neither leads to an absurd 
outcome nor results in the creation or perpetuation of an unintended evil. 
Therefore, the analysis of the majority should have concluded with the plain text of 
the statute without applying such doctrines as the rule of lenity. 
- 27 - 
EFTA00731457
--- PAGE 28 ---
The Legislature has not in any way indicated an intent to abandon the total 
prohibition against sexual offenders "viewing, owning, or possessing any obscene, 
pornographic, or sexually stimulating visual or auditory material." § 
948.03(5)(a)(7), Fla. Stat. (1999) (emphasis supplied). Rather, the Legislature 
simply clarified that this broad prohibition "includ es telephone, electronic media, 
computer programs, or computer services that are relevant to the offender's deviant 
behavior pattern." Id. (emphasis supplied). This is an illustrative clause separated 
by a comma and introduced by the participle "including"; therefore, under the rules 
of grammar and the rule of the last antecedent, the relative clause "that are relevant 
to the offender's deviant behavior pattern" modifies the grouping of nouns 
"including telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services," 
and does not modify the noun "material" contained in the separate, preceding 
clause "any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating visual or auditory 
material." Id.;15 see Owens, 156 So. 2d at 6 ("[T]he established rules of 
grammatical construction [dictate] that, following an enumeration in series, a 
15. This is the same plain-text interpretation that the State offered the Third 
District below. See Kasischke v. State, 946 So. 2d 1155, 1157 (Fla. 3d DCA 
2006); Answer Brief of the Respondent on the Merits at 8, 11. In contrast, the 
Third District erroneously adopted the State's alternative argument, which applied 
the "relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern" language to "sexually 
stimulating . . . material," while ignoring the fact that the adjectives "obscene" and 
"pornographic" modify the same noun (i.e., "material"). See Kasischke, 946 So. 
2d at 1159-61. 
- 28 - 
EFTA00731458
--- PAGE 29 ---
qualifying phrase will be read as limited to the last of the series when it follows 
that item without a comma or other indication that it relates as well to those items 
preceding the conjunction."); Bodden, 877 So. 2d at 685 ("[T]he legislature is 
presumed to know the meaning of words and the rules of grammar[.]"); see also 
Gaffney v. Riverboat Servs. of Ind., Inc., 451 F.3d 424, 459 (7th Cir. 2006) (stating 
that use of the participle "including" generally implies an illustrative application) 
(citing Black's Law Dictionary 687 (5th ed. 1979)); In re Glunk, 342 B.R. 717, 729 
(Sankt M. Pa. 2006) (holding that the use of the participle "including" in 11 
U.S.C. § 707(a) indicates that "the three enumerated grounds for dismissal [for 
lack of a good-faith filing] are illustrative and not exhaustive"). 
In this context, the reliance of Kasischke and the majority upon Porto Rico 
Railway, Light & Power Co. v. Mor, 253 U.S. 345 (1920), for a contrary rule of 
construction is misplaced and improper. See Initial Brief of the Petitioner on the 
Merits at 19-20; majority op. at 16-17. In Mor, the High Court stated that "[w]hen 
several words are followed by a clause which is applicable as much to the first and 
other words as to the last, the natural construction of the language demands that the 
clause be read as applicable to all." 253 U.S. at 348. However, the Court applied 
this rule of construction to section 41 of the Jones Act of March 2, 1917, to avoid a 
potentially absurd result: "Congress could not have intended to give the District 
Court [of Puerto Rico] jurisdiction of any controversy to which a domiciled alien is 
- 29 - 
EFTA00731459
--- PAGE 30 ---
a party while denying under similar circumstances jurisdiction where a domiciled 
American is a party." Id. at 349. 
However, in contrast to Mor, an absurd result will not occur based upon a 
plain-text interpretation of section 948.03(5)(a)(7). Further, a "natural construction 
of the languages16 of section 948.03(5)(a)(7) demonstrates the grammatical 
incongruity of reading "relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern" as 
modifying a preceding clause which is separated from the former clause by (1) a 
comma, (2) an illustrative participle, and (3) a string of several nouns. Kasischke 
and the majority contend that a logical, grammatical reading of section 
948.03(5)(a)(7)'s plain text (i.e., interpreting the clause "relevant to the offender's 
deviant behavior pattern" as modifying "telephone, electronic media, computer 
programs, or computer services") would lead to an absurd or unreasonable result. 
See Initial Brief of the Petitioner on the Merits at 19-20; majority op. at 7-8, 19-20. 
This is entirely incorrect based upon the language and organization of the statute. 
The Legislature intended to prohibit the "viewing, owning, or possessing" by 
convicted sexual offenders of "any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating 
visual or auditory material," and simply clarified that this prohibition "includfesT 
telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services that are 
16. Mor, 253 U.S. at 348 (emphasis supplied). 
- 30 - 
EFTA00731460
--- PAGE 31 ---
relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern." § 948.03(5)(a)(7), Fla. Stat. 
(1999) (emphasis supplied). 
The majority is conspicuously silent with regard to much of this plain-text 
analysis. In my view, this silence represents an example of the "dog that didn't 
bark." See Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Silver Blaze, in The Memoirs of Sherlock 
Holmes (1894).17 An absurd or unreasonable result does not occur based on the 
plain text of the statute because the "including" clause is illustrative18 and clarifies 
the fact that the total-prohibition clause "includes" otherwise innocuous electronic, 
telephonic, and computer-based materials. The modifying language "relevant to 
the offender's deviant behavior pattern" merely relates these otherwise innocuous 
materials back to the total-prohibition clause (i.e., it clarifies that the only 
"telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services" that 
convicted sexual offenders are prohibited from "viewing, owning, or possessing" 
are those that are "obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating" as a matter of 
17. In Silver Blaze, Inspector Gregory believed that a stranger had stolen a 
race horse from the owner's stable during the night. However, Sherlock Holmes 
wondered how Gregory could account for the "curious incident" of the silence of 
the stable's guard dog. Holmes later explained that the dog did not bark because 
the thief was the horse's trainer (John Straker), whom the dog recognized as a 
familiar person. Thus, the dog's silence portended some significance. 
18. See note 11, supra, at 25; see also Merriam Webster's Collegiate 
Dictionary 578 (10th ed. 1996) ("illustrative . . . adj.. . : serving, tending, or 
designed to illustrate <[illustrative] examples>"). 
- 31 - 
EFTA00731461
--- PAGE 32 ---
law). § 948.03(5)(a)(7), Fla. Stat. (1999) (emphasis supplied). According to the 
evident language, punctuation, and syntactic organization of the statute, there is no 
difference between an offender's possession of a tangible photograph and the same 
image stored as a file on the offender's computer or, for that matter, presented as 
an image on the offender's television. If the photograph is "obscene, 
pornographic, or sexually stimulating" as a matter of law," then ICasischke—and 
19. "Obscenity" is a well-defined legal term of art. See. e.g., Miller v. 
California, 413 U.S. 15, 24-25 (1973). In contrast, "pornography" and "sexually 
stimulating material" may not be so well-defined. However, the Second and Third 
federal Circuits appear to have crafted a solution to this potential due-process 
issue. See United States v. Loy, 237 F.3d 251, 267 (3d Cir. 2001) ("[T]he 
Constitution would not forbid a more tightly defined restriction on legal, adult 
pornography, perhaps one that . . . borrowed applicable language from the federal 
statutory definition of child pornography located at 18 U.S.C. § 2256(8)." 
(emphasis supplied)); United States v. Cabot, 325 F.3d 384, 385-86 (2d Cir. 2003); 
United States v. Simmons, 343 F.3d 72, 81-82 (2d Cir. 2003). These courts have 
drawn a distinction between the legally established definition of "obscenity," as 
recognized by the United States Supreme Court in Miller and the terms 
"pornography" and "pornographic materials." These courts have also recognized 
that prohibitions against convicted sexual offenders possessing "pornography" may 
be cabined through selective incorporation of the definitions supplied in 18 U.S.C. 
§ 2256. See. e.g., Simmons, 343 F.3d at 82 ("When the references to minors are 
omitted [from 18 U.S.C. § 2256], what remains is the definition of the broader 
category of pornography[.]"). 
A similar cabining of section 948.03(5)(a)(7), Florida Statutes (1999), and 
sections 948.30(1)(g), and 947.1405(7)(a)(7), Florida Statutes (2007), is possible 
through selective reference to the definitions contained in section 847.001, Florida 
Statutes. Such a cabining could be utilized to construe the terms "pornographic 
material" and "sexually stimulating visual or auditory material" to remove 
questions with regard to the constitutional requirements of due process. See § 
847.001, Fla. Stat. (2007) (this statute contains detailed definitions of "child 
pornography" and "sexual conduct," which when appropriately redacted provide 
an equally detailed definition of "pornography"; further, the statute defines 
- 32 - 
EFTA00731462
--- PAGE 33 ---
others subject to the same default term of probation and community control—
would be prohibited from "viewing, owning, or possessing" the photo regardless of 
whether it is in print, electronic, or televisual form. This is so because the total-
prohibition clause, which bans "any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating 
visual or auditory material," "includfes1 telephone, electronic media, computer 
programs, or computer services that are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior 
pattern." § 948.03(5)(a)(7), Fla. Stat. (1999) (emphasis supplied). 
As stated in the statute, the total-prohibition clause applies "[u]nless 
otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the sexual offender treatment 
program." § 948.03(5)(a)(7), Fla. Stat. (1999). However, here, the record does not 
indicate that any qualified decision-maker ever individually tailored Kasischke's 
treatment plan by altering his default conditions of probation and community 
control with the approval of the appropriate court. Cf. § 948.03(6), Fla. Stat. 
(1999) (affording the appropriate court continuing jurisdiction to modify the 
offender's release conditions in proper circumstances). On the contrary, 
"sexually oriented material," which is sufficiently analogous to "sexually 
stimulating visual or auditory material" because the statutory term includes "any 
drawing, etching, painting, photograph, motion picture film, or sound recording 
that depicts sexual activity" (emphasis supplied)). 
To avoid any due-process vagueness issues, reference to these statutory 
definitions could be utilized when construing this default term of sexual-offender 
probation, community control, and conditional release. I would leave for another 
day the question of whether these sufficiently definite classifications raise any 
overbreadth concerns. 
- 33 - 
EFTA00731463
--- PAGE 34 ---
Kasischke's community-control officers advised him that the default total 
prohibition applied and that, consequently, he was prohibited from "viewing, 
owning, or possessing any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating visual or 
auditory material." § 948.03(5)(a)(7), Ha. Stat. (1999) (emphasis supplied). 
The majority also offers suspect reasoning with regard to its claim that there 
are at least four acceptable interpretations of the statute. See majority op. at 6-8. 
The only grammatically acceptable reading of the statute requires that the clause 
"relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern" modify "telephone, electronic 
media, computer programs, or computer services," which is the same interpretative 
result reached in the other dissent. The majority's disjunctive listing of my 
interpretation of the statute and that offered in the other dissent is totally 
misleading. Both dissents have correctly interpreted the plain text of the statute; 
we simply arrive at that interpretation through different rationales. 
The number of "interpretations" advanced by the majority is overly 
generous. One proffered interpretation, which was the interpretation adopted by 
the Third District below, is incorrect as a matter of grammar. The Third District 
erroneously adopted the State's alternative, secondary argument,70 which applied 
20. The State has consistently argued in the alternative by proffering (1) the 
correct plain-text interpretation of the statute and (2) the erroneous, grammatically 
incorrect interpretation adopted by the Third District. See Answer Brief of the 
Respondent on the Merits at 8, 11; Kasischke, 946 So. 2d at 1157. The State has 
- 34 - 
EFTA00731464
--- PAGE 35 ---
the clause "relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern" to "sexually 
stimulating . . . material," despite the fact that the adjectives "obscene" and 
"pornographic" also modify "material." See Kasischke, 946 So. 2d at 1159-61. As 
explained above, "relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern" cannot 
modify "material" due to the syntax and punctuation of the statute. Further, even if 
this language could somehow modify "material," which it cannot, it would 
necessarily modify "material" in all of its applications (i.e., "obscene material," 
"pornographic material," and "sexually stimulating visual or auditory material"). 
Hence, the majority is really reduced to two of its "acceptable" interpretations of 
the statute. However, the majority's adopted reading is inconsistent with the 
statute as written; therefore, it is not an "acceptable" interpretation. See, e.g., Fla. 
Dep't of Revenue v. Fla. Mun. Power Agency, 789 So. 2d 320, 324 (Fla. 2001) 
("Under fundamental principles of separation of powers, courts cannot judicially 
alter the wording of statutes where the Legislature clearly has not done so."); 
Hawkins v. Ford Motor Co., 748 So. 2d 993, 1000 (Fla. 1999) ("[T]his Court may 
not rewrite statutes contrary to their plain language."). "[R]elevant to the 
offender's deviant behavior pattern" cannot modify the total-prohibition clause 
because of (1) the adjective "any," (2) the illustrative participle "including," (3) the 
not abandoned this alternative stance; rather, before this Court, it understandably 
sought to sustain the interpretation established by the lower court. 
- 35 - 
EFTA00731465
--- PAGE 36 ---
comma preceding "including," and (4) a series of intervening nouns. § 
948.03(5)(a)(7), Fla. Stat. (1999); see also Bismarck Lumber, 314 U.S. at 100; 
Bodden, 877 So. 2d at 685; Owens, 156 So. 2d at 5; Wagner, 88 So. 2d 612-13. In 
sum, there is only one acceptable, grammatically sound interpretation of the 
statute—the plain-text interpretation outlined in this dissent as intended and written 
by the Legislature. 
The error of Kasischke and the majority exists in their conflation of the 
purely illustrative "including" clause with the ban created in the primary total-
prohibition clause. That the Legislature felt compelled to add this illustrative 
clause in 1997 makes perfect sense. agg ch. 97-308, § 3, at 5520, Laws of Fla. 
During the mid-to-late 1990s, Internet-based and other forms of electronic 
obscenity and pornography were steadily increasing. Some commentators viewed 
these new materials as qualitatively different from traditional print-based or 
otherwise tangible obscene or pornographic materials. For example, as two 
commentators have explained: 
The rapid, worldwide growth of the Internet leads to 
unprecedented opportunities in applications in business, 
communication, education, and entertainment. Commercial interests 
act as a driving force behind these applications, but one of the 
byproducts is sex—lots of it. Sex is one of the most researched words 
on the Internet. Pornographic web sites have shown tremendous 
growth in the past few years, increasing by nearly 300 [sites] a day 
and [generating] $700 million in a year. [As of March 2002,] [t]hey 
total[ed] approximately 170,000. "Cybersex" or "cyber-porn" came 
hand-in-glove with global interconnectivity. 
- 36 - 
EFTA00731466
--- PAGE 37 ---
Pornography on the Internet is unique because sexually explicit 
materials posted on the Internet differ from traditional forms of 
pornographic materials, such as magazines and videos, in several 
important ways: (a) it is widely available through Bulletin Board 
Services (BBS) groups and via the World Wide Web through database 
accesses, interactive services, e-mail, Internet Relay Chat (IRC), and 
real-time data feeds; (b) it is active and interactive through the 
presentation of materials in multimedia formats such as digitized 
moving images, animated sequences, sexually explicit texts, hot chats, 
and interactive sexual games; and (c) consumers also are producers of 
pornographic materials. . . . "Pornography in cyberspace is 
pornography in society—just broader, deeper, worse, and more of it." 
Ven-hwei Lo & Ran Wei, Third-Person Effect, Gender, and Pornography on the 
Internet, 46 J. Broad. & Elec. Media 13, 13-14 (2002) (some emphasis supplied) 
(citations omitted) (quoting Catherine A. MacKinnon, Vindication and Resistance: 
A Response to the Carnegie Mellon Study of Pornography in Cyberspace, 83 Geo. 
L.J. 1959, 1959 (1995)).21 Hence, the purely illustrative "including" clause is not 
21. In support of this analysis, the authors cite the following books, articles, 
and studies: John Hagel III & Arthur G. Armstrong, Net Gain: Expanding 
Markets Through Virtual Communities (1997); Steven R. Johnson, Interface 
Culture: How New Technology Transforms the Way We Create and Communicate 
(1997); Evan I. Schwartz, Webonomics: Nine Essential Principles for Growing 
Your Business on the World Wide Web (1998); Tapscott et al., Blueprint to the 
Digital Economy: Creating Wealth in the Era of E-Business (1998); W. Chen, Web 
547 is Launched to Combat Pornography in Cyberspace, China Times, July 22, 
1999, at 7; Fred Hapgood, Sex Sells, Inc. Tech., at 4, 45-51 (1996); Alvin Cooper, 
Sexuality and the Internet: Surfing into the new Millennium, Cyberpsychol. & 
Behay., 1(2), at 1987-93 (1997); Martin Rimm, Marketing Pornography on the 
Information Superhighway: A Survey of 917,410 Images, Descriptions, Short 
Stories, and Animations Downloaded 8.5 Million Times by Consumers in Over 
2000 Cities in Forty Countries, Provinces, and Territories, 83 Geo. L.J. 1849 
(1995). 
- 37 - 
EFTA00731467
--- PAGE 38 ---
surplusage because it clarifies that the total-prohibition clause includes (but is not 
limited to or by) the potentially qualitatively different electronic and telephonic 
materials contained within the "including" clause. The modifier "relevant to the 
offender's deviant behavior pattern" merely relates the otherwise innocuous 
materials outlined in the "including" clause back to the total-prohibition clause's 
outright ban of "ate obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating visual or 
auditory material." § 948.03(5)(a)(7), Fla. Stat. (1999) (emphasis supplied). 
The construction advanced by Kasischke and the majority is simply 
unreasonable based upon the plain text of section 948.03(5)(a)(7) because such a 
construction is inconsistent with the language, punctuation, and syntax of the 
statute. Moreover, as I explain below, even if we move beyond the plain text of 
the statute, the relevant legislative history of section 948.03(5)(a)(7) confirms my 
interpretation of this subsection. 22
22. The majority "explores legislative history" before applying the doctrines 
of statutory interpretation and canons of construction that may aid us in 
interpreting the text of the relevant statute. leg majority op. at 8-15. However, we 
generally examine the statutory text, which may include the application of canons 
of construction and interpretive doctrines (such as our adherence to the established 
rules of grammar), and then consult relevant legislative history if further 
clarification is necessary or probative. See, e.g., State v. Sousa, 903 So. 2d 923, 
928 (Fla. 2005) ("The fundamental rule of construction in determining legislative 
intent is to first give effect to the plain and ordinary meaning of the language used 
by the Legislature. Courts are not to change the plain meaning of a statute by 
turning to legislative history if the meaning of the statute can be discerned from the 
language in the statute."). 
- 38 - 
EFTA00731468
--- PAGE 39 ---
B. The Relevant Legislative History 
In 1995, the Legislature amended section "948.03, F.S., relating to terms or 
conditions of probation or community control" by "requiring mandatory special 
conditions of release for sexual predators and other specified offenders, under 
certain circumstances." Ch. 95-283, title, at 2651, Laws of Ha. As part of that 
amendment, the Legislature added what was then numbered section 948.03(5)(g). 
Ch. 95-283, § 59, at 2690, Laws of Ha. That subsection provided the following 
mandatory special condition of sexual-offender probation and community control: 
Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the 
sexual offender treatment program, a prohibition on viewing, owning, 
or possessing gal obscene, pornographic, or sexually explicit 
material. 
Id. (emphasis supplied). Thus, the statutory section began as a total ban against 
sex offenders "viewing, owning, or possessing any obscene, pornographic, or 
sexually explicit material." Id (emphasis supplied).23 From 1995 until 1996, 
section 948.03(5)(g) remained unchanged. 
In 1997, the Legislature amended section 948.03 inter alia to "prohibit[] a 
sex offender from possessing telephone, electronic media, or computer programs 
or services that are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern." Ch. 97-
308, title, at 5515, Laws of Fla. In the same law, the Legislature also imposed the 
23. As part of the same law, the Legislature added a parallel mandatory 
provision of sexual-offender conditional release. See ch. 95-283, § 57, at 2687, 
Laws of Fla.; § 947.1405(7)(a)(7), Ha. Stat. (2007). 
- 39 - 
EFTA00731469
--- PAGE 40 ---
following mandatory conditions of sexual-offender probation and community 
control: (1) an offender curfew; (2) a requirement that offenders submit to 
specified warrantless searches; (3) "at least" annual polygraph examinations of 
offenders; (4) offender maintenance of a driving log and a prohibition against 
offenders driving alone without prior permission; (5) a prohibition against 
offenders obtaining or using a post office box without prior approval; (6) HIV 
testing of offenders with the results released to the victims and their parents or 
guardians; and (7) electronic monitoring of offenders "when deemed necessary." 
Ch. 97-308, § 3, at 5519-21, Laws of Fla. 
What is particularly relevant for our purposes is that the Legislature 
renumbered section 948.03(5)(g) as section 948.03(5)(a)(7) and provided the 
following revised language: 
Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the 
sexual offender treatment program, a prohibition on viewing, owning, 
or possessing any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating 
visual or auditory explicit material, including telephone, electronic 
media, computer programs, or computer services that are relevant to 
the offender's deviant behavior pattern. 
Ch. 97-308, § 3, at 5520, Laws of Fla.''; Consistent with the analysis in subpart A 
of my dissent, all that the Legislature accomplished—and intended to 
accomplish—through this amendment was an expansion of "sexually explicit 
24. Additions appear in underlined text; deletions appear in strike-through 
text. 
- 40 - 
EFTA00731470
--- PAGE 41 ---
material" to "sexually stimulating visual or auditory material" and the addition of 
the illustrative "including" clause. Fla. S. Comm. on Crim. J., CS for SB 1930 
(1997) Staff Analysis (Apr. 8, 1997) at 8 (on file with the Florida State Archives), 
at 8 ["SB 1930 Staff Analysis"]. The amended language did not alter the total ban 
against sexual offenders "viewing, owning, or possessing any obscene, 
pornographic, or sexually stimulating visual or auditory explicit material." Ch. 97-
308, § 3, at 5520, Laws of Fla. As the title of the session law states, the 
Legislature additionally intended to "prohibit[] a sex offender from possessing 
telephone, electronic media, or computer programs or services that are relevant to 
the offender's deviant behavior pattern." Ch. 97-308, title, at 5515, Laws of Fla.25
25. The majority attempts to group this statement with a separate statement 
of legislative intent (i.e., "revising a provision that prohibits a sex offender from 
viewing, owning, or possessing certain materials"). Ch. 97-308, title, at 5515, 
Laws of Ha.; see majority op. at 10-11. The majority fails to explain the 
significance of the fact that each statement of legislative intent is separated by a 
semicolon. 
ee ch. 97-308, title, at 5515, Laws of Fla.; see also Merriam 
Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 1063 (10th ed. 1996) ("semicolon . 
n . 
: a 
punctuation mark; used chiefly in a coordinating function between major sentence 
elements (as independent clauses of a compound sentence)" (emphasis supplied)). 
Moreover, from the context of the session law and the relevant staff analysis, it is 
clear that these independent title clauses describe the two separate changes affected 
by the session law with regard to this default condition of sexual-offender 
probation and community control: (1) the title language "revising a provision that 
prohibits a sex offender from viewing, owning, or possessing certain materials,"
refers to the deletion of "sexually explieit material," and its replacement with 
"sexually stimulating visual or auditory material"; whereas, (2) the title language 
"prohibiting a sex offender from possessing telephone, electronic media, or 
computer programs or services that are relevant to the offender's behavior pattern," 
refers to the addition of the illustrative "including" clause. Ch. 97-308, title, at 
- 41 - 
EFTA00731471
--- PAGE 42 ---
The session law does not contain any language supporting the grammatically 
strained reading of the majority, which applies the "including" clause's "relevant 
to the offender's deviant behavior pattern" language to the total-prohibition clause 
by ignoring a preceding comma, an illustrative participle, and a string of 
intervening nouns. 
The relevant staff analysis, which the majority half-heartedly consults, 
likewise does not support its labored reading of section 948.03(5)(a)(7).26 Cf., e.g., 
5515, Laws of Fla.; SB 1930 Staff Analysis, at 8 (emphasis supplied). 
Consequently, it is not surprising that the relevant independent clause of the 
session law title "tracks the amendment to the statute," because this is, in fact, the 
illustrative language present in the statute, which lends further support to the 
correct plain-text interpretation described in this dissent. 
26. The "backhanded" claim of the majority that Florida's citizens should 
not be required to consult staff analyses may be witty and cute but it is not 
analytically sound given that courts charged with the duty of interpreting statutes 
often utilize and reference many interpretive "tools" and canons of construction, 
which are quite understandably unknown and esoteric for lay members of the 
public. ee majority op. at 12-13. These tools are generally not outlined in the 
statutes themselves; nevertheless, they remain well-recognized pillars of Florida 
and federal precedent. Cf.. e.g. Johnson v. State 602 So. 2d 1288, 1290 (Fla. 
1992) (referring to the legislative history of section 893.13(1)(c)(1), Florida 
Statutes (1989), a criminal statute, to conclude "that the legislative history does not 
show a manifest intent to use the word `delivery' in the context of criminally 
prosecuting mothers for delivery of a controlled substance to a minor by way of the 
umbilical cord"); Muscarello v. United States, 524 U.S. 125, 132-39 (1998) 
(relying upon the "basic purpose" and "legislative history" of 18 U.S.C. § 
924(c)(1) (which included a Senate report) to determine the intent of Congress in 
using the word "carry" with regard to carrying "firearms" "during and in relation 
to" a "drug trafficking crime"; further, the High Court stated that "[t]he simple 
existence of some statutory ambiguity . . . is not sufficient to warrant application of 
[the] rule [of lenity], for most statutes are ambiguous to some degree," and "[t]he 
- 42 - 
EFTA00731472
--- PAGE 43 ---
White v. State, 714 So. 2d 440, 443 n. 5 (Fla.1998) ("[W]e recognize that staff 
analyses are not determinative of final legislative intent, they are, nevertheless, 
`one touchstone of the collective legislative will.' " (quoting Sun Bank/S. Fla., 
v. Baker, 632 So.2d 669, 671 (Fla. 4th DCA 1994)); Reno v. Koray, 515 U.S. 
(1995) ("The rule of lenity applies only if, `after seizing everything from which 
aid can be derived,' we can make `no more than a guess as to what Congress 
intended.' " (emphasis supplied) (quoting Smith v. United States, 508 U.S. 223, 
239 (1993); Ladner v. United States, 358 U.S. 169, 178 (1958))).27 The majority 
problem of statutory interpretation in these cases is indeed no different from that in 
many of the criminal cases that confront us. Yet, this Court has never held that the 
rule of lenity automatically permits a defendant to win." (emphasis supplied)). 
27. I also disagree with the majority's contextual mischaracterization of 
dicta contained within our opinion in GTC, Inc. v. Edgar, 967 So. 2d 781 (Ha. 
2007). See majority op. at 12. In Edgar, this Court consulted a staff analysis as 
relevant legislative history to confirm its interpretation of section 364.051(4)(b), 
Florida Statutes (2005). See 967 So. 2d at 789. After confirming that reading of 
the statute, the Court then stated in a footnote that "Jtlhis Court is not unified in its 
view of the use of legislative staff analyses to determine legislative intent. See 
Am. Home Assurance Co. v. Plaza Materials Corp., 908 So. 2d 360, 375-76 (Fla. 
2005) (Cantero, J., concurring in part and dissenting in part)." Id. at 789 n.4 
(emphasis supplied). 
The "this Court" dicta contained within Edgar does not refer to this Court in 
an institutional. precedential sense. Rather, the dicta refers only to the seven 
individuals who currently sit as justices on "this Court." As a judicial institution, 
this tribunal has never permitted a series of special concurrences and dissents to 
undermine the clear law and precedent of Florida. Under binding precedent, 
legislative history—and specifically staff analyses—remain appropriate tools to 
assist in discerning the intent of the Legislature. See, e.g., Edgar, 967 So. 2d at 
789; Fla. Dep't of Fin. Servs. v. Freeman, 921 So. 2d 598, 600-01 (Fla. 2006); Am. 
Home Assurance Co. v. Plaza Materials Corp., 908 So. 2d 360, 368-69 (Fla. 2005); 
- 43 - 
EFTA00731473
--- PAGE 44 ---
focuses upon those portions of the staff analysis that propose "an individualized 
treatment plan" for sexual offenders, which would be "administered by specialized 
correctional probation officers with limited caseloads." SB 1930 Staff Analysis, at 
1, 8; see majority op. at 13-14.28 While this is true in an abstract sense, a selective 
Reform Party of Fla. v. Black, 885 So. 2d 303, 309 n.4 (Fla. 2004); N. Ha. 
Women's Health & Counseling Servs., Inc. v. State, 866 So. 2d 612, 622-24 (Fla. 
2003); In re Amendments to the Fla. Evid. Code, 825 So. 2d 339, 340, 340 n.1 
(Ha. 2002); Francis v. State 808 So. 2d 110, 139 (Fla. 2001); May v. I11. Nat'l Ins. 
Co., 771 So. 2d 1143, 1152-53 (Fla. 2000); Chiles v. State Employees Attorneys 
Guild, 734 So. 2d 1030, 1032 (Fla. 1999); Mays v. State, 717 So. 2d 515, 518 n.9 
(Fla. 1998); White v. State, 714 So. 2d 440, 443-44 (Fla. 1998); Leon Count 
Educ. Facilities Auth. v. Hartsfield, 698 So. 2d 526, 530 (Fla. 1997); 
. v. 
State, 682 So. 2d 79, 82 (Ha. 1996); Via v. Putnam, 656 So. 2d 460, 463 (Fla. 
1995); Eller v. Shova, 630 So. 2d 537, 541-42 (Fla. 1993); Fla. League of Cities v. 
Smith, 607 So. 2d 397, 398-99 (Fla. 1992); Haven Fed. Say. & Loan 
v. 
Kirian, 579 So. 2d 730, 733 (Fla. 1991); Citizens of the State of Fla. v. Wilson, 568 
So. 2d 904, 908 n.6 (Fla. 1990); Magaw v. State, 537 So. 2d 564, 566-67 (Ha. 
1989); Coon v. Cont'l Ins. Co., 511 So. 2d 971, 974 (Fla. 1987); Ivey v. Chicago 
Ins. Co., 410 So. 2d 494, 497 (Fla. 1982). 
Each District Court of Appeal also uses staff analyses. See, e.g., B.B. v. 
M, 
933 So. 2d 57, 65 n.8 (Fla. 1st DCA 2006); Burke v. Esposito, 972 So. 2d 
1024, 1027-28 (Fla. 2d DCA 2008); State v. Calderon, 951 So. 2d 1031, 1033-34 
(Ha. 3d DCA 2007); Sun Bank/S. Fla.,.. v. Baker, 632 So. 2d 669, 671 (Fla. 
4th DCA 1994); Childers v. Cape Canaveral Hosp., Inc., 898 So. 2d 973, 975-77 
(Ha. 5th DCA 2005). The current majority opinion attempts to alter this precedent 
through gradual subterfuge. I cannot take such a stance with regard to stare decisis 
unless and until the existing precedent is overruled. I am surprised that a majority 
opinion contains such language. 
28. The majority also places great reliance upon a model provision of 
sexual-offender conditional release outlined in the NH report. See majority op. at 
14. However, the language of that model provision reflects the majority's desired 
judicial rewrite of section 948.03(5)(a)(7), rather than the statute that the 
Legislature actually adopted. If the Legislature truly intended for that model 
provision to govern in Florida then it would have simply adopted that language; 
- 44 - 
EFTA00731474
--- PAGE 45 ---
focus on this portion of the staff analysis ignores a fact of which the Legislature 
was well aware: section 948.03(5)(a)(7) is a default condition that applies to all 
convicted sexual offenders under their terms of probation and community control 
so long as they committed their relevant offenses "on or after October 1, 1995." § 
948.03(5)(a), Fla. Stat. (1999). This section itself does not represent any type of 
"individualized treatment" or individualized tailoring of the offender's treatment 
plan. That tailoring, if any, occurs through the modification of the default 
prohibition in light of the offender's treatment plan. CI § 948.03(6), Fla. Stat. 
(1999) ("The court may rescind or modify at any time the terms and conditions 
theretofore imposed by it upon the probationer or offender in community 
control."); § 948.03(2), Ha. Stat. (2007) (substantially similar). If no modification 
occurs, then the default prohibition applies and individual tailoring has not 
occurred. 
The introductory clause of section 948.03(5)(a)(7) could not make this point 
any clearer: "Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the 
sexual offender treatment program," the default total prohibition applies. § 
however, it did not do so. Furthermore, the language, grammatical organization, 
and punctuation of the model provision and that of section 948.03(5)(a)(7), Florida 
Statutes (1999), are materially different, not "strikingly similar." Majority op. at 
14, 15 n.6. The majority has thus redrafted the statute, but this is a power we lack 
under these circumstances. Cf., e.g., Hawkins, 748 So. at 1000 ("[T]his Court may 
not rewrite statutes contrary to their plain language."). 
- 45 - 
EFTA00731475
--- PAGE 46 ---
948.03(5)(a)(7), Fla. Stat. (1999) (emphasis supplied). It is the duty of the sexual-
offender treatment program and the offender's "triangle" of supervisors (i.e., "the 
treatment provider, the correctional probation officer, and the polygraph 
examiner") to craft, implement, and enforce—with the approval of the court—any 
"individualized treatment plan." SB 1930 Staff Analysis, at 6-8. Individual 
tailoring is simply not accomplished through the plain text of the statute, which 
erects a broad default prohibition against "amy obscene, pornographic, or sexually 
stimulating visual or auditory material." § 948.03(5)(a)(7), Fla. Stat. (1999) 
(emphasis supplied); see also Woodson v. State, 864 So. 2d 512, 515 (Fla. 5th 
DCA 2004) (describing the default nature of the standard terms of probation and 
community control contained in section 948.03(5), Florida Statutes (2000)). 
That the staff analysis explains the "five-part containment process" outlined 
in the NIJ report merely bolsters the understanding that individualized tailoring 
occurs through the treatment plan, not through the plain text of the statute. SB 
1930 Staff Analysis, at 6-8. In particular, the staff analysis explains that the NIJ-
inspired "sex offender-specific containment strategies," occur through: (1) the 
internal-control mechanisms that a trained therapist can hopefully instill in the 
offender; (2) the "[o]fficial supervision and monitoring" of the offender by the 
correctional probation officer; and (3) the promotion of "vital management and 
compliance feedback to the treatment provider and correctional probation office?' 
- 46 - 
EFTA00731476
--- PAGE 47 ---
through the use of polygraph examinations of the offender. Id. As stated in the 
staff analysis, "the treatment provider, the correctional probation officer, and the 
polygraph examiner form a triangle of supervision around the sex offender." Id. at 
7. It is this group, rather than the plain text of section 948.03(5)(a)(7), that may 
lead to an individualized treatment plan. However, if such individualized tailoring 
and a corresponding modification of the offender's standard terms of probation and 
community control do not occur, then the default total prohibition remains in 
effect. This is the only logical, grammatically sound reading of the standard 
condition: 
Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the 
sexual offender treatment program, a prohibition on viewing, owning, 
or possessing my obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating 
visual or auditory material, including telephone, electronic media, 
computer programs, or computer services that are relevant to the 
offender's deviant behavior pattern. 
§ 948.03(5)(a)(7), Fla. Stat. (1999) (emphasis supplied). This plain-text reading of 
the statute is also consistent with the staff analysis, which explains that: 
CS/SB 1930 would . . . clarify the condition of probation, community 
control, and conditional release that prohibits the possession, viewing, 
or use of sexually `explicit' material to be sexually stimulating visual 
or auditory material that would include telephone, electronic media, 
computer programs. or computer services that are relevant to the 
offender's deviant behavior pattern. 
SB 1930 Staff Analysis, at 8 (emphasis supplied). 
- 47 - 
EFTA00731477
--- PAGE 48 ---
The analysis of the majority is simply inconsistent with the plain text of the 
statute, the rules of grammar, and with legislative history, which includes the 
relevant staff analysis. This Court exists to interpret statutes, not rewrite them.29 I 
would enforce the statute as written instead of creating a mirage of ambiguity. 
II. CONCLUSION 
I cannot agree with the reading of nonexistent ambiguity into a clearly 
worded statute. Simply because the Third District and the majority have stated that 
section 948.03(5)(a)(7) "is undeniably susceptible to multiple and irreconcilable 
interpretations" does not make it so. Majority op. at 2, 6, 22 (quoting Kasischke 
29. The construction of the majority rewrites the statutory language in the 
following manner: 
Unless-ethemkise-indieated-in-the-treatment-plan-previded-by-the 
semtal-offendec-tfeatment-pregram; A prohibition on viewing, owning, 
or possessing any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating 
visual or auditory material—including telephone, electronic media, 
computer programs, or computer services—that are relevant to the 
offender's deviant behavior pattern. 
§ 948.03(5)(a)(7), Fla. Stat. (1999) (as judicially rewritten by the majority). 
However, this Court lacks the power to alter legislation that is clear on its face and 
which leads to neither an absurd result nor an unintended evil. See, e.g., Clines v. 
State, 912 So. 2d 550, 558 (Fla. 2005) ("A court's function is to interpret statutes 
as they are written and give effect to each word in the statute." (quoting Fla. Dep't 
of Revenue v. Fla. Mun. Power Agency, 789 So. 2d 320, 324 (Fla. 2001))); State v. 
Byars, 823 So. 2d 740, 772, 744-45 (Fla. 2002); Wagner, 88 So. 2d at 613 ("The 
Act, as enacted, did not contain the commas that the appellants would insert. By 
re-arranging the words or inserting commas which the Legislature itself did not 
employ, we would change entirely the meaning of the section in dispute."). 
- 48 - 
EFTA00731478
--- PAGE 49 ---
946 So. 2d at 1157). A simple, grammatical, plain-text reading of the statute 
makes it abundantly clear that the Legislature has maintained the total prohibition 
against convicted sex offenders "viewing, owning, or possessing any obscene, 
pornographic, or sexually stimulating visual or auditory material" during the term 
of their probation or community control. § 948.03(5)(a)(7), Fla. Stat. (1999) 
(emphasis supplied). Further, the Legislature clarified that this prohibition 
"includ es telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services 
that are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern." Id. (emphasis 
supplied). Any tailoring of this default prohibition to the characteristics of the 
individual sexual offender occurs exclusively through the offender's treatment plan 
and a corresponding judicial modification of the default prohibition—not through 
the statute itself. See id. ("Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan 
provided by the sexual offender treatment program," the default prohibition 
applies. (emphasis supplied)). The majority creates ambiguity where none exists 
and "interprets" the statute contrary to the intent of the Legislature. The 
Legislature needs to address this statutory provision unless the judicially rewritten 
statute of the majority truly reflects a heretofore unexpressed legislative intent. 
For these reasons, I respectfully dissent. 
BELL, J., dissenting. 
- 49 - 
EFTA00731479
--- PAGE 50 ---
I dissent for two reasons. First, this Court has no jurisdiction over this case. 
Second, the majority's holding is contrary to readily discernible legislative intent. 
As I will show, the Legislature intended section 948.03(5)(a)(7) to prohibit 
supervised sex offenders from accessing obscene, pornographic, or sexually 
stimulating visual or auditory material. In addition to this broad antipornography 
ban, the Legislature intended section 948.03(5)(a)(7) to prohibit these offenders 
from utilizing telephone, electronic media, computer programs, and computer 
services that are relevant to their deviant behavior pattern. 
I will first address jurisdiction. I will then show that there is clear legislative 
intent that resolves the statutory ambiguity. Finally, I will contextualize the issue 
by looking at the facts of the case before us. 
L THE LACK OF JURISDICTION 
The majority cites article V, section 3(b)(3) of the Florida Constitution as the 
basis for exercising jurisdiction. Article V, section 3(b)(3) provides that this Court 
may review any decision of a district court of appeal that "expressly and directly 
conflicts with a decision of another district court of appeal or of the supreme court 
on the same question of law." (Emphasis added.) 
The Third District decision in Kasischke v. State, 946 So. 2d 1155 (Fla. 3d 
DCA 2006), does not expressly and directly conflict with the Second District 
decision in Taylor v. State, 821 So. 2d 404 (Fla. 2d DCA 2002). As the Third 
- 50 - 
EFTA00731480
--- PAGE 51 ---
District correctly noted, the Second District's decision in Taylor did not expressly 
address the same question of law the Third District addressed in Kasischke. 946 
So. 2d at 1161. Specifically, the Second District in Taylor "only required that the 
probationary condition track the statutory language of section 948.03(5)(a)(7)" but 
"did not address whether or not the phrase `relevant to the offender's deviant 
behavior pattern' modified the ban on viewing or possessing pornographic 
material." Kasischke, 946 So. 2d at 1161. Given the absence of express and direct 
conflict on the same question of law, this Court should discharge the case. 
II. THE DISCERNIBLE LEGISLATIVE INTENT 
On the merits, I first present the interpretive approach this Court customarily 
uses to determine legislative intent. I then apply this approach to the statute. This 
customary approach reveals that the majority has prematurely and, therefore, 
inappropriately applied the rule of lenity. 
A. Our Customary Interpretive Approach 
Our customary approach to statutory interpretation views legislative intent as 
the polestar that guides a court's statutory construction analysis. State v. 
 824 
So. 2d 105, 109 (Fla. 2002). The search for legislative intent starts with the actual 
language of the statute. See Joshua v. City of Gainesville, 768 So. 2d 432, 435 
(Ha. 2000). If the statutory language is clear, the plain textual meaning indicates 
the legislative intent. See Cherry v. State, 959 So. 2d 702, 713 (Fla. 2007). 
- 51 - 
EFTA00731481
--- PAGE 52 ---
However, if the statutory language is unclear, we continue our search for 
legislative intent. See Joshua, 768 So. 2d at 435. 
In discerning the legislative intent of an unclear statute, we "consider the 
statute as a whole, including the evil to be corrected, the language, title, and history 
of its enactment, and the state of law already in existence on the statute." State v. 
Anderson, 764 So. 2d 848, 849 (Fla. 3d DCA 2000) (citing McKibben v. Mallory, 
293 So. 2d 48, 52 (Fla. 1974)) (emphasis added). In a criminal case, if our 
legislative intent analysis fails to reveal a single, clear, and unambiguous meaning, 
the rule of lenity applies, and we must adopt a reasonable construction most 
favorable to the accused. att Clines v. State, 912 So. 2d 550, 560 (Fla. 2005). 
However, as the majority recognizes, the rule of lenity is a canon of last resort. It 
applies only if we have completed our customary legislative intent exploration and 
are still left without a clear understanding of the Legislature's intent. See State v. 
Rubio, 967 So. 2d 768, 778 n.9 (Fla. 2007) (citing Bautista v. State, 863 So. 2d at 
1180, 1188 n.9 (Fla. 2003)) (rule of lenity does not apply before a court engages in 
a search of legislative intent using traditional tools). 
B. Applying This Customary Approach to the Statute 
Considered as a whole, including (1) the title, (2) the existing status of the 
law and the history of the statutory change, and (3) the evil to be corrected, section 
948.03(5)(a)(7) unambiguously reveals the Legislature's intent that, unless the 
- 52 - 
EFTA00731482
--- PAGE 53 ---
offender's treatment plan provides otherwise, a sex offender probationer or 
community controllee is prohibited from viewing, owning, or possessing any 
obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating visual or auditory material. In 
addition to this broad antipornography prohibition, a sex offender is specifically 
precluded from telephone, electronic media, computer programs, and computer 
services that are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern. 
At this point, it is important to set forth the statute, the 1997 session law, 
and, most importantly, the 1997 session law title. The statute provides: 
Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the 
sexual offender treatment program, a prohibition on viewing, owning, 
or possessing any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating 
visual or auditory material, including telephone, electronic media, 
computer programs, or computer services that are relevant to the 
offender's deviant behavior pattern. 
§ 948.03(5)(a)(7), Fla. Stat. (1999). The 1997 session law enacting section 
948.03(5)(a)(7) reveals the changes made to the 1995 statute. It reads, in relevant 
part: 
Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the 
sexual offender treatment program, a prohibition on viewing, owning, 
or possessing any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating 
visual or auditory explicit material, including telephone, electronic 
media, computer programs, or computer services that are relevant to 
the offender's deviant behavior pattern. 
- 53 - 
EFTA00731483
--- PAGE 54 ---
Ch. 97-308, § 3, at 5520, Laws of Fla.3° Finally, and most important to the proper 
resolution of this case, the title to chapter 97-308, Laws of Florida, reads: 
An act relating to sex offenders; amending s. 947.1405, F.S.; 
clarifying legislative intent regarding sentences that are eligible for 
conditional release supervision; requiring a curfew between specified 
hours; providing alternatives; revising requirements for treatment for 
sex offenders; revising a provision that prohibits a sex offender from 
viewing, owning, or possessing certain materials; prohibiting a sex 
offender from possessing telephone electronic media or computer 
programs or services that are relevant to the offender's behavior 
pattern; requiring that a sex offender submit to certain warrantless 
searches; requiring a sex offender whose crime was committed on or 
after a specified date to undergo polygraph examinations; requiring 
that such offender maintain a driving log and not drive a motor 
vehicle alone without prior approval; prohibiting such offender from 
obtaining or using a post office box without prior approval; amending 
s. 948.001, F.S.; defining the terms "sex offender probation" and "sex 
offender community control"; amending s. 948.03, F.S.; requiring a 
curfew between specified hours; providing alternatives; revising 
requirements for treatment for sex offenders; revising a provision that 
prohibits a sex offender from viewing, owning, or possessing certain 
materials; prohibiting a sex offender from possessing telephone, 
electronic media, or computer programs or services that are relevant 
to the offender's behavior pattern; requiring that a sex offender submit 
to certain warrantless searches; requiring a sex offender whose crime 
was committed on or after a specified date to undergo polygraph 
examinations; requiring that such offender maintain a driving log and 
not drive a motor vehicle alone without prior approval; prohibiting 
such offender from obtaining or using a post office box without prior 
approval; requiring such offender to submit to HIV testing; requiring 
such offender to submit to electronic monitoring; providing an 
effective date. 
Ch. 97-308, Laws of Fla. (emphasis added).3I
30. Words &thekefk are deletions and words underlined are additions. 
- 54 - 
EFTA00731484
--- PAGE 55 ---
1. The Title 
"The title is more than an index to what the section is about or has reference 
to; it is a direct statement by the legislature of its intent." State v. Webb, 398 So. 
2d 820, 825 (Fla. 1981)) (citing Berger v. Jackson, 23 So. 2d 265 (Fla. 1945)); see 
also Parker v. State, 406 So. 2d 1089, 1092 (Fla. 1981); Foley v. State, ex rel. 
Gordon, 50 So. 2d 179, 184 (Fla. 1951). In this case, the title to chapter 97-328 
answers the question the majority says is dispositive, namely "which part of 
[section 948.03(5)(a)(7)] is modified by the phrase `relevant to the offender's 
deviant behavior pattern.' " Majority op. at 5. 
The title to chapter 97-308 states in its relevant part that the Legislature 
amended section 948.03(5)(g) (postamendment section 948.03(5)(a)(7)) to 
"[revise] a provision that prohibits a sex offender from viewing, owning, or 
possessing certain materials; [prohibit] a sex offender from possessing telephone, 
electronic media, or computer programs or services that are relevant to the 
offender's behavior pattern." Ch. 97-328, Laws of Fla.32 This title clearly shows 
31. The title to the enrolled senate bill that resulted in chapter 97-328 is 
identical to the title to the session law. CS for SB 1930, 1997 Leg., Reg. Sess. 
(Fla. 1997). 
32. Using the exact same language, the Legislature also amended section 
947.1405(7)(g) (postamendment section 947.1045(7)(a)(7)), which relates to 
conditional release of sex offenders. 
- 55 - 
EFTA00731485
--- PAGE 56 ---
that the Legislature intended the clause "that are relevant to the offender's deviant 
behavior pattern" in the postamendment statute to modify only "telephone, 
electronic media, computer programs, or computer services." Thus, as a result of 
the amendment, sex offenders are prohibited from utilizing telephone, electronic 
media, or computer programs or services that are relevant to the offender's 
behavior pattern in addition to the materials that had already been prohibited. This 
clear intent is consistent with the state of the law and the amendment's history. 
2. The Existing State of the Law and the History of the Statutory Amendment 
The previous version of the statute read: 
Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the 
sexual offender treatment program, a prohibition on viewing, owning, 
or possessing any obscene, pornographic, or sexually explicit 
material. 
§ 948.03(5)(g), Ha. Stat. (1995). And the majority concludes that "[g]iven that 
the previous version of the statute already prohibited the possession of any 
`obscene, pornographic, or sexually explicit material,' the 1997 amendment seems 
intended to narrow the prohibition's scope." Majority op. at 9. 
The majority's supposition is unfounded. Not only is it contrary to what the 
session law title unambiguously reveals, there is also absolutely nothing in the 
1997 amendment's history to suggest any intention to relax the preexisting blanket 
ban on obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating material. Indeed, the 
opposite is true: The Legislature amended section 948.03(5)(g) (postamendment 
- 56 - 
EFTA00731486
--- PAGE 57 ---
948.03(5)(a)(7)) to improve the effectiveness of supervising sex offenders in the 
community by (1) retaining the broad prohibition against obscene or pornographic 
materials by leaving that language unchanged; (2) changing the phrase "sexually 
explicit materials" to "sexually stimulating visual or auditory materials" in order to 
clarify the breadth of the prohibition; and (3) adding a prohibition of "telephone, 
electronic media, computer programs, or computer services that are relevant to the 
offender's deviant behavior pattern." Ch. 97-328, Laws of Fla. The effect of this 
change is an expansion, rather than a limitation, of the prohibition regarding 
obscene, pornographic, and sexually stimulating materials. 
The overall scheme the Legislature enacted in 1997 evinces an intent to 
fortify control of sex offenders. Specifically, the Legislature enacted the following 
new restrictions: 
[P]rohibiting a sex offender from possessing telephone, electronic 
media, or computer programs or services that are relevant to the 
offender's behavior pattern; requiring that a sex offender submit to 
certain warrantless searches; requiring a sex offender whose crime 
was committed on or after a specified date to undergo polygraph 
examinations; requiring that such offender maintain a driving log and 
not drive a motor vehicle alone without prior approval; prohibiting 
such offender from obtaining or using a post office box without prior 
approval; requiring such offender to submit to HIV testing; requiring 
such offender to submit to electronic monitoring . . . . 
Ch. 97-308, Laws of Fla. The Legislature also tightened the following existing 
restrictions: (1) changing the discretionary curfew into a mandatory curfew; (2) 
requiring a sex offender treatment program to be conducted by specifically trained 
- 57 - 
EFTA00731487
--- PAGE 58 ---
therapists, unless such a trained therapist is not available; (3) requiring the 
additional approval from the victim and the therapist in addition to the sentencing 
court in order for a sex offender to contact the victim; and (4) requiring approval 
by the sentencing court in order for an offender to engage in unsupervised contact 
with a child, if certain other conditions are met. Id. Together with section 
948.03(5)(a)(7), these measures constitute a comprehensive scheme to fortify 
community containment of sex offenders. 
Read in this context, it is apparent that the Legislature amended section 
948.03(5)(g) (postamendment 948.03(5)(a)(7)) to expand, rather than limit, the 
existing prohibition. Specifically, the clause regarding telephonic, electronic, or 
computerized materials was added to target otherwise benign services or materials 
that are used by some sex offenders as part of their particular deviancy.33
33. Other jurisdictions frequently condition a sex offender's ability to live in 
the community on total abstinence from sexual materials as well as the Internet and 
other computerized or telephonic equipment that facilitate one's access to 
prohibited materials. See United States v. Taylor, 338 F.3d 1280, 1285 (11th Cir. 
2003) (holding that special condition on defendant's supervised release prohibiting 
him from using or possessing computer with Internet access is not unreasonable or 
overbroad); United States v. Ristine, 335 F.3d 692 (8th Cir. 2003) (affirming 
Ristine's supervised-release conditions that restricted his possession of 
pornography, his use of photographic equipment and computers, and his access to 
the Internet); People v. Harrison, 134 Cal. App. 4th 637 (Cal. Dist. Ct. App. 2005) 
(holding that probation condition that prohibited defendant from accessahe 
Internet was not unconstitutional); State v. Ehli, 681 
.2d 808, 809 
. 2004) 
(finding no constitutional violation where defendant, who pleaded guilty to 
continuous sexual abuse of a minor, was prohibited from accessing the Internet). 
- 58 - 
EFTA00731488
--- PAGE 59 ---
Examples of how this new restriction applies is the case of a sex offender whose 
deviant behavior pattern includes either luring children to meet him by trolling 
Internet services like 
or one who uses these media to trade in child 
pornography. This reasoning that the 1997 change was intended to expand the 
scope of prohibition, not to retract it as the majority holds, is even more 
compelling when one considers the evil to be corrected. 
3. The Evil to be Corrected 
As I will explain, the 1997 amendments to section 948.03(5)(a)(7) seek to 
minimize reoffense by improving the statutory "containment process." 
Specifically, according to the sponsor of the senate bill that resulted in the session 
law, the purpose of the changes was to "implement the recommendations of the 
National Institute of Justice regarding a new type of supervision for convicted sex 
offenders." Fla. S., tape recording of proceedings (April 25, 1997) (on file with 
Florida State Archives) (Senator Burt). The "new type of supervision for 
convicted sex offenders" to which Senator Burt referred, which was also cited in 
the Staff Analysis,34 was a five-part model containment process recommended in 
34. As the majority points out, the Staff Analysis did note that one of the 
components of managing adult sex offenders is "utilizing sex offender-specific 
containment strategies . . . focus[ing] on a containment approach to case 
processing and case management that can be tailored to the individual sex offender 
and his or her deviant sexual history." Majority op. at 13-14. However, the Staff 
Analysis also clarifies that this "sex offender-specific containment strategy" 
consists of three elements that work together: (1) providing offender-specific 
- 59 - 
EFTA00731489
--- PAGE 60 ---
the NU Research. Kim English, et al., Managing Adult Sex Offenders in the 
Community—A Containment Approach, Nat'l Inst. Just. (Jan. 1997). 
The NIJ research recognizes that offender-specific probation or parole 
conditions play a crucial role in implementing its strategy and recommended 
fourteen sample conditions. Id. at 5. The top priority of these conditions is to 
"eliminate opportunities for reoffense—to protect victims and the general public." 
Id. The research specifically noted that the recommended strategy targeted 
"thoughts and feelings . . . as a starting point for risk management," because 
"deviant thoughts and fantasies by sex offenders are precursors to sexual assault, 
and, therefore, are an integral part of the assault pattern." Id. Accordingly, 
treatment providers and supervising officers should instill in offenders "the dictum 
that deviant attitudes and fantasies are not acceptable." Id. 
In light of the purpose of section 948.03, and especially of the critical role 
thoughts and fantasies play in preventing reoffense, the majority's supposition that 
"the 1997 amendment seems intended [by the Legislature] to narrow the 
treatment to help offenders learn to develop internal control; (2) official 
supervision and monitoring to exert external control; and (3) prompting vital 
management and compliance feedback to the treatment provider and the 
correctional probation officer. See Staff Analysis at 7 (emphasis added) (citing 
NIJ report at 4). So it is the offender-specific treatment that makes the whole 
strategy "offender-specific." The Staff Analysis never mentions that an offender-
specific strategy requires permitting an offender to view "non-relevant" 
pornography. 
- 60 - 
EFTA00731490
--- PAGE 61 ---
prohibition's scope" is clearly erroneous. Majority op. at 9. Instead, as first 
revealed in the session law title, the Legislature supplemented the existing 
antipornography ban with new restrictions to prevent recidivism and protect the 
community, especially potential victims. Because the session law title, the existing 
status of the law and the history of the statutory change, and the evil to be 
corrected all reveal an unambiguous legislative intent to expand the prohibition to 
include "telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services 
that are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern," this Court is obligated 
to interpret the statute to help achieve that intent, not frustrate it. 
III. THE ISSUE IN CONTEXT 
Now, because of the majority's unnecessary and unfortunate decision, 
Florida courts and law enforcement are left with a vague restriction on a sex 
offender's access to sexually stimulating material. This absurdity is illustrated by 
the facts of the case before us. 
Dr. Kasischke was put on community control for lewd and lascivious 
assaults on a child under sixteen years of age. As stated by the Third District: 
The defendant, who has a 
degree, was fifty-four years old at the 
time of the underlying offense. He was convicted of three counts of 
lewd and lascivious assault on a child under sixteen years of age. 
Specifically, the defendant solicited a fifteen year-old boy and offered 
him forty dollars so that he could perform oral sex on the boy. The 
defendant took the boy to a park where, behind the bushes, he 
unzipped the boy's pants and performed oral sex on the victim until 
- 61 - 
EFTA00731491
--- PAGE 62 ---
the boy ejaculated in the defendant's mouth. Additionally, the 
defendant masturbated in the boy's presence. 
Kasischke v. State, 946 So. 2d 1155, 1156 (Fla. 3d DCA 2006). Dr. Kasischke 
agreed to plead guilty. His plea agreement included section 948.03(5)(a)(7) as a 
standard condition of his two years of community control and eight years of 
probation that would follow his 364 days in jail. 
Dr. Kasischke violated his community control by possessing pornographic 
and obscene materials. Specifically, 
[w]hile the defendant was under community control, officers executed 
a search of his home and found several photographs of nude young 
males and of males performing various sexual acts. Also recovered 
was a videotape in a kitchen drawer that was kept apart from other 
videotapes that the defendant kept near his television. The parties do 
not dispute that the videotape shows pornographic and obscene 
images. Among other things, the videotape depicts a young-looking 
male engaging in oral and anal sex with other males. 
Id. 
As the Third District noted, Dr. Kasischke does not dispute that the video he 
possessed was pornographic and obscene and that the video showed a young male 
having oral and anal sex with other males. Instead, Dr. Kasischke disputes 
whether his possession of this videotape violated section 948.03(5)(a)(7). As the 
Third District succinctly stated his argument: 
Defendant argues that the phrase "relevant to the offender's 
deviant behavior pattern" should modify all aspects of the community 
control condition and, as such, only prohibits defendant from viewing 
or possessing material which is specifically related to his prior deviant 
- 62 - 
EFTA00731492
--- PAGE 63 ---
acts. Under this view, the community control condition would be 
strictly limited to obscene and pornographic material that depicts 
fellatio or masturbation with an underage boy, similar to defendant's 
previous victim. Thus, the defendant contends that, since the 
defendant was convicted of a sexual offense on a minor under sixteen 
years of age, the State must prove that the pornographic material 
involved a minor under sixteen for a community control violation to 
be found. 
Id. at 1157. 
The majority agrees with Dr. Kasischke that section 948.03(5)(a)(7) only 
prohibits a community supervised sex offender from viewing or possessing 
obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating material that is relevant to his 
"deviant behavior pattern.s35 In other words, to prove that Dr. Kasischke violated 
his community control condition imposed under section 948.03(5)(a)(7), the State 
has to establish that the pornographic material he possessed was relevant to his 
"deviant behavior pattern." What does this mean in practical terms? Does the 
State now have to establish the existence of a particular "deviant behavior pattern" 
35. Unfortunately, the majority declines to address Dr. Kasischke's 
argument below that the State has to prove his material depicted fellatio or 
masturbation by an adult male with a fifteen-year-old boy and, thereby, bypasses 
the opportunity to provide some much-needed parameters for its decision. Instead, 
the majority leaves this new relevancy question open for determination by the 
lower court. In doing so, the relevancy question remains open not only in this case 
but also in the supervision of untold thousands of community supervised sex 
offenders across this state. Opening up these sensitive cases to such vague 
"relevancy" questions is not the only problem. Narrowing the scope of prohibited 
materials to that which is "relevant" to the offender's deviant behavior pattern 
substantially increases the risk of supervised sex offenders accessing material that 
will stimulate them to commit new crimes. This risk is wholly unnecessary 
because section 948.03(5)(a)(7) clearly was never intended to apply so narrowly. 
- 63 - 
EFTA00731493
--- PAGE 64 ---
for each supervised sex offender? Would the crimes Dr. Kasischke committed on 
one adolescent male be sufficient to establish such a pattern? If so, does the State, 
as Dr. Kasischke argues, also have to prove his material is related to the specific 
acts he committed? In other words, does the State have to prove that this material 
depicted fellatio or masturbation by an adult male with a fifteen-year-old boy? 
Unfortunately, the majority leaves this new relevancy question open for 
determination not only in this case, but in untold thousands of other cases 
involving community supervised sex offenders across this state. 
As I have shown, disrupting the effective supervision of sex offenders and 
creating such uncertainty is unnecessary. The statute is intended to prohibit 
offenders like Dr. Kasischke from possessing any pornography.36 And if Dr. 
36. Prohibiting sex offenders from accessing pornography is the normative 
practice in federal and state jurisdictions. See, e.g., United States v. Locke, 482 
F.3d 764 (5th Cir. 2007) (upholding the federal district court's special probation 
condition that prohibited the defendant, who pleaded guilty to one count of 
possessing child pornography, from having access to the Internet and from 
viewing, possessing, or obtaining pornography in any form); Farrell v. Burke, 449 
F.3d 470 (2d Cir. 2006) (upholding the special condition prohibiting the defendant, 
who paid four boys between the ages of thirteen and sixteen for sex with him, from 
possessing pornographic material); Fernandez v. State No. A-8484, (Alaska Ct. 
App. Mar. 31, 2004) (affirming the lower court imposition of a probation condition 
that bars the appellant, who pleaded guilty to two counts of first-degree sexual 
abuse of a minor, from possessing adult pornography); People v. Huber, 139 P.3d 
628 (Colo. 2006) (holding that defendant, who was charged with sexual assault on 
a child by one in a position of trust and indecent exposure, violated the conditions 
of his deferred judgment by, among other things, possessing pornographic images); 
State v. Murphy, No. CR9688132 (Conn. Super. Ct. Jan. 23, 2007) (holding 
- 64 - 
EFTA00731494
--- PAGE 65 ---
Kasischke's use of any "telephone, electronic media, or computer programs or 
services" is relevant to his deviant behavior pattern, as of 1997, section 
948.03(5)(a)(7) prohibits any such usage. 
IV. CONCLUSION 
After considering the statute as a whole, including the title, the state of the 
existing law and the history of the statutory change, and the evil to be addressed, it 
is clear that the 1997 amendments to section 948.03(5)(a)(7) were never intended 
to narrow the preexisting ban on sex offenders' "viewing, owning, or possessing 
any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating material." Instead, these 
amendments were clearly intended to (1) revise the broad antipornography 
prohibition to clarify that it encompassed "any obscene, pornographic, or sexually 
stimulating visual or auditory materials," and (2) add a prohibition of "telephone, 
electronic media, computer programs, or computer services that are relevant to the 
offender's deviant behavior pattern." As I have said, the majority's contrary 
holding is more than unfortunate; it is absurd. The facial ambiguity of this statute 
is clearly reconcilable. Therefore, there is no basis to apply the rule of lenity, 
especially to reach the incredible conclusion that the Legislature intended that 
community supervised sex offenders like Dr. Kasischke are only precluded from 
defendant violated his probation conditions by, among other things, possessing 
pornography while a sex offender). 
- 65 - 
EFTA00731495
--- PAGE 66 ---
possessing or viewing obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating material that 
is narrowly relevant to an ill-defined "particular deviant behavior pattern." 
Accordingly, if jurisdiction is retained, I would approve the result of the 
Third District decision in Kasischke and disapprove the Second District's decision 
in Taylor to the extent it interprets section 948.03(5)(a)(7) as not imposing a 
blanket ban. 
Application for Review of the Decision of the District Court of Appeal - Direct 
Conflict of Decisions 
Third District - Case No. 3D04-2149 
(Dade County) 
Bennett H. Brummer, Public Defender, and Thomas Regnier, Assistant Public 
Defender, Eleventh Judicial Circuit, Miami, Florida, 
for Petitioner 
Bill McCollum, Attorney General, Tallahassee, Florida, and Richard L. Polin, 
Assistant Attorney General, Bureau Chief, Linda S. Katz and Paulette R. Taylor, 
Assistant Attorneys General, Miami, Florida, 
for Respondent 
- 66 - 
EFTA00731496

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731497.pdf
----------------------------------------
'filth the *mum& 
I 
L.i7j 
otp axe 
og< 
-(1( 
4.0")
NJ to co.po-
of 
Cita Witsk vlogitk 
EFTA00731497

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731498.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROMISSORY NOTE 
September 20, 2010 
IN CONSIDERATION of amounts advanced hereunder, Steven Victor, with an 
address at 30 East 76th Street, New York, New York 10021 (the "Borrower"), 
promises to pay to the order of Jeffrey Epstein, with an address at 6100 Red 
Hook Quarter, Suite B-3, St. Thomas, USVI 00802 ("Lender'), in lawful money of 
the United States, all principal, together with accrued interest and all other 
charges, owed under the terms of this Note as hereinafter set forth. 
The maximum principal advance to the Borrower under this Note shall be 
$50,000, and Lender shall have no obligation to make any advance in excess of 
that amount. As of the date hereof, Lender has advanced $45,000 to the 
Borrower under this Note. In the event the unpaid balance of this Note ever is 
greater than the maximum principal advance, the Borrower agrees to repay the 
excess immediately upon Lender's demand. 
Prior to maturity, interest shall accrue on the unpaid balance of the Note at the 
fixed rate of two percent (2%) per annum. The interest rate shall be computed 
on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a year of 360 days, and 
compounded annually. Such interest, however, shall not exceed the maximum 
interest rate permitted under New York law. 
After maturity, whether by acceleration, event of default, demand or otherwise, 
interest shall accrue on the unpaid balance of this Note at the fixed rate 
of twenty-five percent (25%) per annum. The interest rate shall be computed on 
the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a year of 360 days, and 
compounded annually. 
If any interest in excess of the maximum provided for by law is called for, or 
shall be adjudicated to be so, the provisions of this paragraph shall govern, and 
neither the Borrower nor any of Borrower's successors or assigns shall be 
obligated to pay the amount of such interest to the extent that it is in excess of 
the amount permitted by law, and any such amount so paid, at the option of the 
Lender, shall be either applied against the principal balance of the Note or 
rebated to the Borrower within thirty (30) days after such determination. 
The Borrower shall make payments to Lender under this Note in immediately 
available United States funds at Lender's address set forth above or such other 
location as Lender may specify from time to time, by making monthly payments 
of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) on the 20th day of every month, beginning 
October 20, 2010 and continuing to and including July 20, 2010. The total 
outstanding principal balance and accrued and unpaid interest, together with all 
other amounts due thereon shall be due and payable in full on July 20, 2010. 
EFTA00731498
--- PAGE 2 ---
Whenever any payment to be made hereunder shall be due on a Saturday, 
Sunday or public holiday under the laws of the United States or of the United 
States Virgin Islands, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding 
business day. 
All payments made by the Borrower hereunder, shall be applied first to late 
charges, fees, costs, expenses and all other amounts due the Lender, if any, 
under this Note or otherwise (including legal fees and expenses incurred in 
enforcing Lender's rights), other than principal and interest, then to interest at the 
rate of interest then in effect, and the balance to the principal balance due under 
this Note. If any payment is not accompanied with specific instructions as to 
application, and the Borrower has any obligation to Lender other than this Note, 
Lender may apply the payment to such obligation as Lender may elect. 
This Note may be prepaid in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, and 
each such prepayment shall be made together with interest accrued on the 
amount prepaid. 
A default of this Note shall consist of any of the Events of Default hereinafter 
described: (i) any payment hereunder is not made when due; (ii) there is a 
default on any other obligation any Borrower has with Lender; (iii) Lender has a 
good faith belief that the prospect of timely payment of any amount due 
hereunder is impaired; (iv) any warranty, representation or statement made or 
furnished to the Lender by or on behalf of any of Borrower proves to have been 
false in any material respect when made or furnished; or (vi) the death, 
insolvency, business failure, appointment of a receiver of any part of the property 
of, assignment for the benefit of creditors by, or the commencement of any 
proceedings under bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against, the Borrower or 
the Borrower's business. In the event of a default, without any demand, 
presentment, protest or other notice whatsoever to the Borrower, or other 
statutory or other rights of redemption, or any other action by the Lender, all of 
which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower, the unpaid principal amount 
hereof and all accrued interest shall automatically become due and payable in 
full upon the occurrence of any such event and the Lender may exercise, 
simultaneously or seriatim, any or all of such other rights and remedies as may 
be lawfully permitted under Federal law or United States Virgin Islands law and 
any or all of the remedies of the Lender set forth herein. 
The Borrower hereby expressly waives presentment for payment, demand for 
payment, notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest, notice of non-payment, 
and all lack of diligence or delays in collection or enforcement of this Note. 
The Lender may extend the time of payment of this Note, postpone the 
enforcement hereof, or grant any other indulgences whatsoever under this Note, 
or any other agreement between any of the Borrower and Lender otherwise 
without affecting or diminishing the Lender's right of recourse against the 
EFTA00731499

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731500.pdf
----------------------------------------
Borrower. as provided herein, which right is hereby expressly reserved. No 
waiver of anv Lenders rights hereunder shall be implied by or deemed to have 
occurred as a resuit of any failure of Lender to act or any delay by Lender in 
taking action in connection with exercising any of Lenders rights under this Note 
or any other agreement between any of the Borrower and Lender. 
This Note is binding upon the Borrower and his heirs, beneficiaries, successors 
and assigns; provided, however, that Borrower shall not be entitled to assign or 
delegate any rights or obligations under this Note without the prior written 
consent of the Lender. 
This Note may be amended, modified or supplemented only by written 
agreement signed by the Lender and the Borrower. 
The Borrower agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses of collection, including, 
without limitation, the Lender's reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements, in 
the event that any action, suit or proceeding is brought by the holder hereof to 
collect this Note or if a breach of this Note shall have occurred. 
Lender's agreement to advance funds under this Note is made in reliance upon 
the information the Borrower has given to Lender in connection with this Note 
and any other obligation the Borrower has with Lender, which information the 
Borrower promises is true and correct. The Borrower represents and warrants 
that any information the Borrower provides to Lender in the future shall also be 
true and correct. 
THIS NOTE SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE BEEN MADE IN AND SHALL BE 
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES 
VIRGIN ISLANDS. THE BORROWER AND THE LENDER HEREBY WAIVE 
ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has duly execut 
is Note on the date 
first above written. 
Seven ictor 
EFTA00731500

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731501.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731501.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND, WHARTON & GARRISON LLP 
500 DELAWARE AVENUE, SUITE 200, POST OFFICE BOX 32. WILMINGTON, DE 19809-0032 
12015 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS 
NEW YORK. NY 100194044 
TELEPHONE 12121 373-3000 
TELEPHONE 002) 6554410 
WRITER'S DIRECT DIAL NUMBER 
WRITER'! DIRECT E-MAIL ADDRESS 
WRITER'S DIRECT FACSIMILE 
302-397-2758 
June 25, 2010 
VIA E-MAIL 
Virginia S. Cruger 
Senior Case Manager (JAMS) 
620 Eighth Avenue, 34th Floor 
New York, NY 10018 
Re: 
Fortress VRF I LLC et at vs. Jeepers, Inc. et at 
(JAMS Ref. No.: 1425006537) 
Dear Ms. Cruger: 
UNIT 3601. FORTUNE PLAZA OFFICE TOWER A 
NO. 7 DONG SANNUAN ZHONGLU 
CHAO YANG DISTRICT 
BEIJING 100020 
PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
TELEPHONE (36•1013421.6200 
12TH FLOOR) HON* KONG CLUB BUILDING 
3A CRATER ROAD. CENTRAL 
HONG KONG 
TELEPHONE (44121 26464300 
ALDER 
NOBLE STREET 
LONDON EC2V fl u. U.K. 
TELEPHONE (44 20) 7367 1400 
FUKOKU SEIMEI BUILDING 
1.1 UCHISAIWAI010 SCHOME 
CHIVCRIASU. TOKYO 100-00/ I. JAPAN 
TELEPHONE 1111-3) 115117-6101 
2001 It STRERY, NW 
WASHINGTON. DC 20006100 
TELEPHONE 1202) 223(7300 
In connection with the above referenced matter, I write to inform you that 
Claimants and Counter-Respondents Fortress VRF I LLC and Fortress Value Recovery 
Fund I LLC hereby strike the following names from the list of potential arbitrators: 
Hon. John C. Lifland 
Hon. Kathleen A. Roberts 
Furthermore, Claimants and Counter-Respondents hereby rank the 
remaining potential arbitrators in order of their preference: 
1. 
Hon. Diane M. Welsh 
2. 
Hon. Anthony J. Carpinello 
3. 
Hon. Stephen G. Crane 
Please contact me if you have any questions. 
Sincerel 
ohn P. DiTomo 
Counsel for Claimants and Counter-
Respondents Fortress VRFI LLC and 
Fortress Value Recovery Fund! LLC 
EFTA00731501

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731502.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731502.pdf
----------------------------------------
<lb UNITED NATIONS 
fziti
o, UNIVERSITY 
UNU-INTECH 
Institute S New Technologies 
Discussion Paper Series 
#2005-3 
Science and Technology Development Indicators in the Arab 
Region: A Comparative Study of Gulf and Mediterranean 
Arab Countries 
Samia Satti 0. M. Nour 
August 2005 
UNITED NATIONS UNIVERSITY, Institute for New Technologies, Keizer Karelplein 19, 6211 TC Maastricht, The Netherlands 
Tel: (31) (43) 350 6300, Fax: (31) (43)350 6399, e-mail: postmaster@intech.unu.edu, URL: http://www.intech.unu.edu 
EFTA00731502
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00731503
--- PAGE 3 ---
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT INDICATORS 
IN THE ARAB REGION: A COMPARATIVE STUDY OF GULF 
AND MEDITERRANEAN ARAB COUNTRIES 
Samia Satti 0. M. Nour* 
Abstract 
This paper employs both descriptive and comparative approaches to discuss science and 
technology (S&T) development in Arab countries in the Gulf and Mediterranean regions. 
Throughout the paper we use the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development's 
definition of S&T indicators (OECD, 1997). From this research we find that neither the Gulf nor 
the Mediterranean countries investigated possess sufficient human or financial resources to 
promote S&T performance. We show that the low level of resources devoted to S&T 
development together with inadequate economic structures mean that the Gulf and 
Mediterranean Arab countries lag behind the world's advanced and leading developing 
countries in terms of S&T input and output indicators. In both regions, most of the research, 
development and S&T activities occur within public and academic sectors, with only a very 
small contribution from the private sector. When comparing S&T indicators between the two 
Arab regions we find that despite the high standard of economic development in the Gulf 
countries, as measured by gross domestic product per capita and the human development index, 
it is the Mediterranean countries that perform better in most of the S&T input and output 
indicators. Furthermore, we show that there is very limited scientific cooperation within and 
between the Gulf and Mediterranean countries as well as between them and other Arab 
countries. In contrast, three Arab countries from the Mediterranean region — Morocco, Algeria 
and Tunisia — show active scientific cooperation with the international community, especially 
the OECD and France in particular. This implies that social proximity (sharing similar language, 
culture, etc.) can hardly help regional scientific cooperation within the Arab world; it is 
geographical proximity to Europe that motivates these countries' international scientific 
cooperation. 
JEL Classification: O0 
* PhD candidate Maastricht University. Maastricht Economic Research Institute on Innovation and Technology 
(MERIT) and The United Nations University (UNU). Institute for New Technologies (INTECH) - E-mail: 
nour@intech.unu.edu. This papa is a revised version of the paper originally prepared for the ERE' 10* Annual 
Conference: Marrakesh — Morocco. 16th to Igh of December 2003. The author acknowledges comments by two 
unknown referees. The usual disclaimer applies. 
EFTA00731504
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00731505
--- PAGE 5 ---
UNU-INTECH Discussion Papers 
ISSN 1564-8370 
Copyright 
2005 UNITED NATIONS UNIVERSITY 
Institute for New Technologies, UNU-INTECH 
UNU-INTECH discussion papers intend to disseminate preliminary results of the research 
carried out at the institute to attract comments 
EFTA00731506
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00731507
--- PAGE 7 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
I. INTRODUCTION 
2. THE DEFINITION AND SIGNIFICANCE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY INDICATORS 
3. GENERAL SOCIO-ECONOMIC CHARACTERISTICS OF GULF AND MEDITERRANEAN 
COUNTRIES 
4. S&T INDICATORS IN THE GULF AND MEDITERRANEAN COUNTRIES 
4.1. HUMAN AND FINANCIAL INPUT INDICATORS 
4.2. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY OUTPUT AND IMPACT 
5. CONCLUSIONS 
REFERENCES 
THE UNU•INTECH DISCUSSION PAPER SERIES 
EFTA00731508
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00731509
--- PAGE 9 ---
1. INTRODUCTION 
In recent years, a new economic system has evolved that is characterized by both globalization 
and the rise of information and communication technologies. This has driven the need for 
development in science and technology (S&T), which has become more than simply an element 
of economic growth and industrial competitiveness, but is now also essential for improving 
social development, the quality of life and the global environment. For instance, the high level 
of economic and social development in today's industrialized countries is largely the result of 
past intensive investment in S&T; similarly, newly industrialized countries are catching up 
because of their active development of S&T. 
"Access to scientific and technological knowledge and the ability to exploit it are becoming 
increasingly strategic and decisive for the economic performance of countries and regions in 
the competitive globalized economy. The 50 leading MT countries have enjoyed longterm 
economic growth much higher than the other 130 countries of the rest of the world. Between 
1986 and 1994 the average growth rate of this heterogeneous group of countries was around 
three times greater than that of the rest of the world. The average economic wealth per capita of 
these 50 countries has grown by 1.1% per year. On the other hand, the per capita income of the 
group of 130 countries — which perform less well in education, science and technology — has 
fallen over the same period by 1.5% per year. These trends prefigure a new division of the 
global economy, based on access to knowledge and the ability to exploit it". (OECD 1997, ix) 
Hence, within this context, the aim of this paper is to assess S&T development indicators within 
the Arab region and, in particular, to compare the S&T development of those in the 
Mediterranean with those in the Gulf, and to compare them to countries in the rest of the 
world.' Given the recent progress of economic globalization coupled with the emergence of new 
nations active in S&T in different parts of the world, this paper extends the comparison to 
include these new countries as well as those in Europe, the United States and Japan, and then 
draws some policy implications and recommendations for ways to enhance S&T performance in 
the Arab region. 
The Mediterranean region includes eight Arab countries or territories: Algeria, Egypt, Lebanon• Libya, 
Morocco, Palestine. Syria and Tunisia. while the Gulf includes six Arab countries: Bahrain. Kuwait, 
Oman. Qatar. Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE). 
EFTA00731510
--- PAGE 10 ---
This study differs in several ways from the European Second Report on S&T Indicators (OECD 
1997)2, which provides an excellent and in-depth analysis of S&T performance in the 
Mediterranean countries. First, we distinguish between the Arab Mediterranean countries and 
the non-Arab Mediterranean countries. Secondly, we extend our analysis to compare Arab 
countries in the Mediterranean with those of the Gulf. Thirdly, we attempt to use more up-to-
date data wherever possible. This is so we can help establish the information base necessary to 
stimulate S&T development and support new policies that aim to enhance S&T performance in 
the Arab region. This kind of study highlights recent efforts to create an active Arabian S&T 
base but also emphasizes the need to improve the quality of resources devoted to S&T 
development, which will ultimately contribute to and accelerate development in the region. 
Furthermore, it also helps governments to obtain the most positive impact possible from 
technological progress in terms of growth, employment and the well-being of all Arab citizens. 
The paper is organized in the following way: section 2 discusses the literature available, 
focusing on the definition and significance of S&T indicators. Section 3 shows the general 
socio-economic characteristics of the two groups of Arab countries. Section 4 discusses S&T 
development indicators in the Arab countries, including a comparison of the indicators for 
Mediterranean and Gulf countries, and then compares the Arabian region with the rest of the 
world. Finally section 5 draws conclusions and proposes policies to enhance S&T performance 
in the Arab region, based on the experiences of other countries. 
In our view the only shortcoming of the excellent and comprehensive analysis offered by the European 
Second Report on S&T Indicators (OECD 1997) is the lack of information on Palestine and Libya. which 
constrained our attempts to fill this gap. 
EFTA00731511
--- PAGE 11 ---
2. THE DEFINITION AND SIGNIFICANCE OF SCIENCE AND 
TECHNOLOGY INDICATORS 
The S&T system is often defined as consisting of all the institutions and organizations essential 
to the education of scientific people, for example, research and development (MI) institutions, 
professional societies and professional organizations linking individual scientists to each other 
and to their socio-economic environment. The theoretical and empirical literature identifies the 
important role that S&T plays in promoting economic growth and development in both 
developed and developing countries! 
More recent literature addresses the contribution to S&T performance of the 'national systems 
of innovation'; a widely used modern term that reflects the link between technical and 
institutional innovative development, including S&T (e.g. Lundvall 1992; Nelson 1993). 
Lundvall says this broad definition includes "all parts and aspects of the economic structure and 
the institutional set-up affecting learning as well as starching and exploring — the production 
system, the marketing system and the system of finance present themselves as subsystems in 
which learning takes place" (Lundvall 1992, 12-13). In addition, Freeman and Soete argue: 
"The many national interactions (whether public or private) between various institutions 
dealing with science and technology as well as with higher education, innovation and 
technology diffusion in the much broader sense, have become known as 'national systems of 
innovation'. A clear understanding of such national systemic interactions provides an essential 
bridge when moving from the micro• to the macroeconomics of innovation. It is also essential 
for comprehending fully the growth dynamics of science and technology and the particularly 
striking way in which such growth dynamics appear to differ across countries", (Freeman and 
Soete 1997, 291). 
All the definitions of the systems of innovation share the view that S&T institutions play a vital 
role in determining or influencing innovation and development. 
The literature on S&T development often distinguishes between input (resources) and output 
(performance) indicators. For instance, the European Second Report on S&T Indicators (OECD 
1997) discusses numerous traditional input and output indicators for S&T development. The 
input indicators are generally divided into financial and human resources. First financial 
resource or input indicator includes'I= expenditure — the most widely accepted indicator for 
For detailed theoretical and empirical literature and assessment studies, see e.g. Freeman and Soete 
(1997), Dasgupta and David (1994), Foray (1999), Mytelka (2001) and Cooper (1991, 1994). For earlier 
analyses of S&T in the Arab region. see e.g. Qasem (1998a. b). Zahlan (199%. b). Fergany (1999). ESCWA 
(1999a. b). and ESCWA—UNESCO (199%. b). 
I I 
EFTA00731512
--- PAGE 12 ---
evaluating and comparing S&T efforts in different countries and regions. In the absence of an 
average measurement to determine MI within the economic structure and the needs of each 
country, political decision-makers use indicators such as the intensity of 
(measured as a 
percentage of GDP or per capita)... In addition to financial resources, human resources arc 
central to research and technological innovation activities". There are also general demographic 
and human capital indicators, "such as the number of science and technology graduates and the 
number of scientists and engineers employed in M... 
[There are] four major points relating 
to human capital: demographic trends, the development of public spending on education, the 
performance of education systems and researchers and engineers active in M. 
Furthermore, 
"Human resources in science and technology (HRST) are one of the key resources for economic 
growth, competitiveness and more general social, economic and environmental improvement", 
(OECD 1997, 5, 58, 59). 
Output indicators, on the other hand, "can be classified according to three parameters: 
economic, technological and scientific. As to economic outputs, many economists view 
increases in productivity as a major result of technological investment... The percentage of 
high-tech exports in total export figures emerges as a potentially useful means of 
measurement... Clearly not all results arc measurable in economic terms. Scientists and 
engineers often cite the 'learning experience' as one major benefit of engaging in 
activities. To assess the accumulated knowledge of a given country, its stock of technical 
knowledge must be quantified. Without doubt, patents and patents applications are the most 
commonly applied indicator in this respect and, irrespective of the shortcomings implicit in this 
approach, they continue to represent a very useful tool". Finally there are direct research outputs 
or publications, "focusing on the impact of the publication output of a given country or zone and 
comparing it to the number of publications produced over a certain period of time" (OECD 
1997, 79). 
We use these definitions and the summary in Box 1 to evaluate S&T performance in section 4. 
EFTA00731513
--- PAGE 13 ---
Box I. Definition of S&T input and output indicators 
Types 
S&T IndicatorsNariables 
S&T Input: 
Financial 
and Human 
Resources 
I. Financial resources: 
percentage of 
expenditure to GDP or expenditure per capita. 
area of 
performance, and origin of funding 
change in public spending on education in relation to GDP 
2. Human resources: 
HRST — the human capital engaged in science and 
including the number of 
scientists and engineers employed in 
total population size and proportion of young people, which represent the human 
resources potential of each country 
educational attainment of the labour force and graduation rates, which show the rate at 
which newly educated graduates are available at the country level to enter the labour 
force, particularly the scientific and technological qualifications and doctorate levels. 
including 
staff numbers. particularly in S&T fields 
S&T 
Output: 
Economic. 
Technologic 
al 
and 
Scientific 
Performance 
I. Economic indicators: 
growth in productivity/economic outputs as a major result of technological investment 
percentage of high-technology exports in total exports 
2. Technological indicators 
number of patents and patent applications 
3. Scientific performance 
direct research output 
number of publications produced over a certain period of time 
I3 
EFTA00731514
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00731515
--- PAGE 15 ---
3. GENERAL SOCIO-ECONOMIC CHARACTERISTICS OF GULF AND 
MEDITERRANEAN COUNTRIES 
S&T performance is often closely related not only to the resources directly devoted to its 
development but also to the whole economic structure that supports it. Therefore, before 
assessing S&T performance in the Gulf and Mediterranean Arab countries it is useful to explain 
the general socio-economic characteristics of the two groups of countries. Table 1 shows the 
demographic structure and the major socio-economic characteristics for this region. 
Table 1. General socio-economic characteristics of the Arab countries' 
Country 
Population°
i millions) 
i 
GDP per 
capita 
(PPPd US 
5) 
Human 
Develo 
pment 
Index°
(%) 
Life 
Expectancyb
(years) 
Literacy 
Rateb
(%) 
Combined 
enrolment 
ratio' (%) 
Arab Gulf countries 
High income 
United Arab Emirates 
0.816 
74.4 
76.7 
2.9 
20.530 
Qatar 
0.6 
19,844 
0.826 
71.8 
81.7 
Kuwait 
2.4 
18,700 
0.820 
76.3 
82.4 
Bahrain 
0.7 
16.060 
0.839 
73.7 
87.9 
Upper middle income 
Oman 
2.7 
12,040 
0.755 
72.2 
73.0 
Saudi Arabia 
22.8 
13,330 
0.769 
71.9 
77.1 
Average Gulf countries 
5.4 
16.751 
0.804 
73.4 
79.8 
Arab Mediterranean 
Upper middle income 
Lebanon 
3.5 
4,170 
0.752 
73.3 
86.5 
Libya 
5.3 
7,570 
0.773 
70.5 
80.0 
Lower middle income 
Tunisia 
9.6 
390 
0.740 
72.5 
72.1 
Algeria 
30.7 
6,090 
0.704 
69.2 
67.8 
Egypt 
69.1 
3,520 
0.648 
68.3 
56.1 
Syria 
17.0 
3,280 
0.685 
71.5 
75.3 
Morocco 
29.6 
3,600 
0.606 
68.1 
49.8 
Palestine 
3.3 
Na 
0.731 
72.1 
89.2 
Average Arab 
Mediterranean 
21.0 
4,946 
0.705 
70.7 
72.1 
Average Arab states 
289.9 
5,038 
0.662 
66.0 
60.8 
Source: UNDP (2003). Notes: a 2001, 2000. c 1999, PPP — purchasing power parity. 
The World Bank and United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) Human Development Report 
classify world countries differently according to income level. We use the World Bank classification of 
economies that puts all the Arab Mediterranean countries in the lower middle-income category with the 
exception of Lebanon and Libya. which are classified in the upper middle-income group. 
EFTA00731516
--- PAGE 16 ---
Table I shows the considerable diversity between Gulf and Mediterranean Arab countries in 
terms of population, standard of economic development as measured by GDP per capita and 
human development index. Gulf countries generally have lower population numbers and higher 
standards of economic development. The World Bank classification of economics indicates that 
four of the Gulf countries are in the high-income group and the other two are among the upper 
middle-income economics. Moreover, the UNDP human development index (HDI) shows that 
the GDP per capita is higher for these countries than for both the Mediterranean countries and 
the world average, while life expectancy and literacy rates are classified as high in four of the 
Gulf countries; the other two are among the medium world countries. 
In contrast, the Mediterranean Arab countries have both large geographical and population sizes 
coupled with low standards of economic development and growth indicators as measured by 
GDP per capita. The World Bank classification of economies puts all but two of the Arab 
Mediterranean countries among the lower medium-income group; Libya and Lebanon arc 
classified in the upper medium-income economies. Moreover, the UNDP HDI shows that the 
average GDP per capita for each of the Mediterranean countries falls within the world medium-
income bracket and is, on average, lower than for those of the Gulf countries. This also holds for 
the other HDI components: average life expectancy, literacy rate and combined enrolment 
ratios. Among the Arab Mediterranean countries, Lebanon, Libya and Tunisia show better 
performance in terms of GDP per capita and HDI compared to the others in the region, while the 
combined enrolment ratio is highest in Libya, followed by Palestine. For the Gulf countries, 
Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar and the UAE show better performances in terms of the majority of 
indicators than either Saudi Arabia or Oman. 
According to the UNDP indicators, poverty is widespread across most of the Mediterranean 
Arab countries especially in Egypt and Algeria, while none of the Gulf countries reportedly 
shares the same problem. Moreover, according to estimates from the International Monetary 
Fund's World Economic Outlook (IMF 2002), average unemployment rates across the 
Mediterranean countries exceed those of the Gulf countries. However, trends in unemployment 
rates show either a slowing increase or an actual decline across the Mediterranean Arab 
countries compared to the rapid increase seen across the Gulf countries. 
The next section of this paper examines whether this economic background affects S&T 
performance in the Gulf and Mediterranean countries. 
EFTA00731517
--- PAGE 17 ---
4. S&T INDICATORS IN THE GULF AND MEDITERRANEAN COUNTRIES 
Based on the definition of S&T indicators provided in section 2, this section presents the input 
indicators (financial and human resources) and output indicators (scientific and technological 
performance) required to measure S&T performance. 
4.1. Human and Financial Input Indicators 
In terms of both financial and human S&T input/resource indicators there are some differences 
between the Arab Gulf and Mediterranean countries as well as between them and other 
countries around the world. Table 2 shows that on the whole both financial and human S&T 
input indicators in these regions lag behind those of the advanced and leading developing 
countries. 
4.1.1. Financial Input Indicators 
In particular, table 2 shows that the financial resources devoted to S&T, as measured by the 
percentage share of GDP spent on M, 
are poor in the Arab countries compared to both 
advanced and leading developing countries like Singapore and Korea. For instance, in the period 
1996-2000, the Arab Mediterranean and Gulf countries devoted an average of only 0.3% of 
their GDP to 
whereas Sweden, one of the leading advanced industrial countries, spent 
3.8% of GDP on M. 
However, spending on education, as measured by percentage of both 
GDP and total government expenditure, was found to be similar for the Arab countries and the 
advanced countries. 
Comparing S&T indicators between the two Arab regions shows that the Mediterranean 
countries on average perform better than the Gulf countries in terms of expenditure on both 
education and 
as percentage of GDP. 
EFTA00731518
--- PAGE 18 ---
Table 2. S&T resource indicators of the Gulf, Mediterranean and world countries 
Country 
Public 
expenditure on 
education as % 
of GDP' 
Public 
expenditure on 
education as % 
of government 
expenditure ° 
Number of 
scientists and 
engineers in 
(per million 
population) ° 
Number 
of patents 
a. b
High 
technology 
exports as % 
of 
manufactured 
exports' 
expenditur 
e as % of 
GDP ' 
1990 
1998- 
2000 
1990 
1998- 
2000 
1996- 
2000 
1996-2000 
1990- 
1999 
1990 
2001 
Gulf 
countries 
Bahrain 
4.2 
3.0 
14.6 
11.4 
Na 
Na 
Kuwait 
4.8 
Na 
3.4 
Na 
0.2 
212 
Oman 
3.1 
3.9 
I1.1 
Na 
Na 
II 
Qatar 
3.5 
3.6 
Na 
Na 
Na 
591 
Saudi 
Arabia 
6.5 
9.5 
17.8 
Na 
Na 
Na 
103 
Na 
UAE 
1.9 
1.9 
14.6 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Average 
Gulf 
4.0 
4.4 
12.3 
11.4 
0.2 
270 
2.5 
Mediterrane 
an countries 
Algeria 
5.3 
Na 
21.1 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Egypt 
3.7 
Na 
Na 
Na 
0.2 
493 
Lebanon 
Na 
3.1 
Na 
ILI 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Morocco 
5.3 
5.5 
26.1 
26.1 
Na 
Na 
Na 
II 
Syria 
4.1 
4.1 
17.3 
11.1 
0.2 
I 
Tunisia 
6.0 
6.8 
13.5 
17.4 
0.5 
336 
Na 
Average 
Mediterrane 
an 
4.9 
4.9 
19.5 
16.4 
0.3 
286 
20.5 
0.4 
3.8 
Norway 
7.1 
6.8 
14.6 
16.2 
1.7 
4.112 
Sweden 
7.4 
7.8 
13.8 
13.4 
3.8 
4.511 
285 
UK 
4.9 
4.5 
Na 
11.4 
1.8 
2.666 
Korea. Rep. 
of 
3.5 
3.8 
22.4 
17.4 
2.319 
931 
Singapore 
Na 
3.7 
Na 
23.6 
1.1 
4.140 
China 
2.3 
2.1 
12.8 
Na 
0.1 
545 
793 
Sources: UNDP (2003), United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) website: 
http://www.uspro.gov. Patent data for Korea, Norway, Singapore, Sweden and the UK obtained 
from UNDP (2003) and refers to patents granted in 1999 to residents per million people. For 
China and all Arab countries, patent data was obtained from USPTO during 1991-1999 and 
refers to the number of registered US patents where the inventor of the patent is resident in the 
selected countries. 5
Investigation of the distribution of 
in Gulf and Mediterranean Arab countries indicates 
that the public sector is responsible for the majority of 
activities, accounting for 49.4% 
and 80.4% of all MI 
institutions respectively (figure I). Next to public sector, universities 
One limitation of the comparison in our analysis is that we use data and information from two different 
sources: the scarcity of data and information covering all countries limited our attempt to use a unified 
source. For instance there was no data covering Libya or Palestine. 
I8 
EFTA00731519
--- PAGE 19 ---
contribute 43.5% and 13.4% of = 
institutions in Gulf and Mediterranean countries 
respectively; the private sector makes only a minor contribution, accounting for 7.0% and 6.2% 
of = 
institutions respectively. The Mediterranean countries appear to be more dependent on 
the public sector than the Gulf countries, reflecting a lack of incentives for private sector 
institutions to invest in = 
in the Mediterranean compared to the Gulf. This compares poorly 
to most of the industrialized countries, where more than half of = 
expenditure is financed by 
industry (OECD 1997). 
Figure 1. Percentage distribution of 
in the Gulf and Mediterranean Arab 
countries 
Source: Adapted from ESCWA-UNESCO (1998b). Notes: Refers to 1991 FTE — 
equivalent. 
4.1.2. Human Resources Input Indicators 
Table 2 shows that there is a low number of scientists and engineers in = 
in the Gulf and 
Mediterranean countries compared to both advanced and leading developing countries. 
Moreover, the OECD (1997) Second European Report on S&T Indicators shows that there is 
proportionally 10 times fewer = 
personnel in the Mediterranean countries than in the 
European Union. 
When comparing the two Arab regions, it is the Mediterranean countries that show a marginally 
better performance than the Gulf countries in terms of the number of scientists and engineers in 
EFTA00731520
--- PAGE 20 ---
In terms of the human resources devoted to M, 
defined by the number of full-time equivalent 
(FTE)6 researchers, and their distribution within IM organizations (figure I), we find that the 
majority of FTE researchers are employed by public and university sectors. The percentage 
share of FTE researchers in the public sector is estimated to be 49.2% and 74.9% in the Gulf 
and Mediterranean Arab countries respectively. Next to the public sector, it is the university 
sector that has the largest percentage share of FTE researchers: at 49.3% and 23.6% 
respectively; the private sector accounts for only 1.4% and 2.6% of total FTE researchers in the 
regions. As with the distribution of 
institutions, it is the Mediterranean countries that 
appear to be more dependent on the public sector for FTE researchers than the Gulf countries. 
Again, it is the lack of incentives for private sector institutions to hire FTE researchers that leads 
to this disparity. 
In addition, them arc fewer human resources in S&T in both the Gulf and Mediterranean Arab 
countries compared to more developed countries, shown in figures 2 and 3. The Arab countries 
score poorly compared to Korea and Singapore for the Harbison Myers Index', technical 
enrolment index, engineering enrolment index, gross enrolment ratio at tertiary education and 
the share of tertiary students in science, mathematics and engineering" The only exception (not 
shown in figure 3) is the share of tertiary students in science, mathematics and engineering in 
Algeria, which is higher compared to both advanced and developing countries (UNDP 2004). 
Figure 2. Skill indicators in Korea, Singapore and the Arab countries 
so 
100 
120 
140 
Korea. Republic of 
Singapore 
Average Gulf countries 
Average Mediterranean 
Arab states 
Source: Adapted from Lai (1999). 
O Engineering 
enrolment 
index 
■Technical 
enrolment 
index 
• Harbison 
Myers Index 
The concept of full-time equivalent researcher is adopted by UNESCO statistics on 
personnel. 
According to Lall (1999): "Harbison Myers Index is the sum of secondary enrolment and tertiary 
enrolment times five, both as a percentage of age group. Technical enrolment index is tertiary total 
enrolment (times 1000) plus tertiary enrolment in technical subjects (times 5000). both as a percentage of 
population. Engineering skills index is the same as the previous index, with tertiary enrolments in 
engineering instead of enrolment in technical subjects- (tall, 1999: p.52). 
See also Muysken and Nour (2005) and UNDP—AHDR (2003). 
EFTA00731521
--- PAGE 21 ---
Figure 3. Percentage enrolment at tertiary education 
Source: Adapted from UNDP (2002). 
lahlrOSS enrolment 
ratio at tertiary 
education 4%) 
■Share tertiary 
students in science. 
math and 
engineering 4%) 
When comparing average skill indicators for the Arab Gulf countries with those of the 
Mediterranean, figures 2 and 3 indicate that, on average, the Mediterranean countries perform 
better. Additional information from La11 (1999) and UNDP (2004) indicate that all these skill 
indices are especially high in Lebanon and Kuwait, while the gross enrolment ratio at tertiary 
education is highest in Egypt and Lebanon followed by Qatar and Bahrain. The share of tertiary 
students in science, mathematics and engineering is highest in Algeria, followed by Syria, 
Oman, Morocco, the UAE and Tunisia. With the aforementioned exception of Algeria, 
enrolment in science, mathematics and engineering is lower than enrolment for all other subjects 
in both Mediterranean and Gulf countries. In addition, school-leaving age is highest in Tunisia, 
Qatar, Bahrain and Lebanon. 
4.2. Science and Technology Output and Impact 
As we explained briefly in section 2, the literature distinguishes between S&T outputs, which 
can be measured in terms of publications and patents, and S&T impact, which can be measured 
in terms of economic growth. This section discusses S&T output as measured by number of 
patent filings and scientific publications (in the international refereed literature) but discusses 
S&T impact as measured only by the share of high-technology manufacturing exports. Owing to 
limitations concerning data availability it is not possible to address the impact of technological 
development on economic/productivity growth in much detail. 
We integrate the findings in section 3, concerning the general economic characteristics of the 
Arab economies, with those of section 4.1, regarding S&T input indicators. Using a systematic 
approach we assess S&T performance in terms of inputs and the economic system as a whole. 
Our analysis aims to explain the connection between the S&T system, S&T profile and the 
EFTA00731522
--- PAGE 22 ---
economic or productive structure of these countries. For example, table 2 shows that for both 
patent numbers and the percentage of high-technology exports Arab Gulf and Mediterranean 
countries are substantially behind the advanced and leading developing countries. 
In our view, which is backed up by general S&T literature, the weakness of the S&T base in the 
Arab regions should be interpreted not only in terms of a lack of appropriate inputs but also in 
relation to a poor economic system as a whole. Measuring the strength of the economic and 
welfare systems using income per capita implies that the Gulf countries do very well. However, 
they also exhibit low S&T activity, which seems at odds with the idea that strong S&T is 
necessary for economic growth and development. Of course, the Gulf is hugely dependent on 
oil, giving the impression that there are other ways to become rich than investing in S&T. The 
big question is whether the Gulf countries will stay rich once their oil reserves expire; despite 
their big wealth from oil they still lack well-defined, targeted plans and policies and proper 
incentives to promote S&T performance. For while the Gulf countries perform better than the 
Mediterranean countries in economic terms they lag behind in measurements of S&T 
performance. Therefore, the big wealth from oil, far from contributing to the improvement of 
S&T performance in the Gulf may actually hinder it as it masks the need to develop incentives 
and effective policies to enhance S&T development. The Mediterranean countries' story is 
simpler poor economic structure in combination with inadequate resources devoted to S&T 
development leads to poor S&T performance compared to advanced and developing world 
countries. 
4.2.1. Scientific Publications9
Figure 4 shows that the number of scientific publications for both Gulf and Mediterranean 
countries grew between the periods 1970-1975 and 1990-1995. On average, Mediterranean 
countries performed better than Gulf countries for number of scientific publications, which 
could be a consequence of their superiority to the Gulf countries in terms of most of the S&T 
indicators: total expenditure on both education and = 
number of = 
employees; and 
number of- 
scientists and engineers. Egypt and Saudi Arabia show the largest overall numb 
The OECD (1997) report indicates that prizes awarded to individual scientists is an extreme indicator of 
S&T performance and is one way of measuring IM output. Of all scientific prizes the Nobel prizes for 
science, which have been awarded to scientists in the fields of chemistry, physics and 
medicine/physiology since 1901, are probably the most prestigious. The Arab Gulf and Mediterranean 
countries have only received one Nobel Prize between them: in 1999 an Egyptian scientist received the 
Nobel Prize for chemistry. 
EFTA00731523
--- PAGE 23 ---
Figure 4. Number of S&T publications in the Gulf and Mediterranean countries 
Number of Publications (1970-1995) 
14000 
12000 
10000 
8000 
6000 
4000 
2000 
.1.._•111.] 
st 
A 
. 
c e 
I 
yt 
,st, e 
, 
tt- oc, op op 4), ob .se op 
. 
O 
41* 
46‘.- I' 
tt. 
cir's 
I 
I
• 1970-1975 
• 1990-1995 
Source: Adapted from Zahlan (199%). 
Table 3 indicates that, of the Arab Mediterranean countries, Egypt has the best percentage share 
of total world scientific publications. However, the average share of all Arab Mediterranean 
countries remains very low compared to those of the United States, European top 15 and non-
Arab Mediterranean countries. Moreover, the percentage share of both total papers published 
and number of citations in publications in the region is much lower for any of the Arab 
Mediterranean countries than the non-Arab Mediterranean countries (Turkey and Israel 
specifically). Again, Egypt leads the Arab Mediterranean countries in this indicator, followed by 
the group of Algeria, Morocco and Tunisia and then the group of Albania, Cyprus, Lebanon, 
Malta and Syria. Furthermore, in the period 1985-1995, it is Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia that 
display the most coordination, cooperation and networking with the European top 15 countries 
in terms of internationally co-authored papers. 
EFTA00731524
--- PAGE 24 ---
Table 3. Technology output indicators by share of the world's scientific publication output, 
published papers citations and internationally co-authored papers 
Countries 
Share in world's 
publication output in 
all scientific fields 
combined (%) 
Share of published paper and 
citation in the Mediterranean 
countries (%) 
Mediterranean 
share of internationally 
co-authored 
EUR 15 (% 
countries' 
papers with 
1985- 
1989 
1990- 
1995 
1985.1989 
1990.1995 
198 
198 
199 
1995 
Paper 
s 
Citatio 
Paper 
s 
Citatio 
Egypt 
0.27 
0.29 
16.5 
16.5 
5.7 
15.6 
8.0 
7.5 
9.7 
11.2 
Algeria/ Morocco/ 
Tunisia 
0.08 
0.13 
4.6 
4.6 
2.4 
6.7 
40. 
56. 
54. 
58.7 
Lebanon/ Syria/ 
Malta/ Albania/ 
Cyprus 
0.03 
0.04 
1.9 
1.9 
0.7 
2.0 
23. 
30. 
21. 
48.5 
Average Arab 
Mediterranean i
0.13 
0.15 
7.7 
7.7 
2.9 
8.1 
24. 
31. 
28. 
39.5 
Average Non-
Arab 
Mediterranean 2
0.65 
0.72 
38.6 
38.6 
45.6 
37.9 
9.3 
12. 
9.4 
12.3 
EUR 15 
30.42 
33.92 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
USA 
36.33 
35.82 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Source: Adapted from RASC1 Data: Science Citation Index, OECD (1997). Pp. 455, 46O. 
Notes: 'Refers to average for each group: Egypt; Algeria/Morocco/Tunisia; and 
Albania/C)prus/Lebanon/Malta/Syria. =Refers to average for Turkey and Israel. 
Despite, the increasing importance of international cooperation, them is very limited 
cooperation among scientists in both Arab Gulf and Mediterranean countries as indicated by the 
number of joint publications and co-authorships (table 4). In particular, it is scientists from the 
Gulf countries who lag behind, accounting for less than 2% of worldwide cooperation. Zahlan 
(I 999a) finds that in 1990, co-authorship within the Gulf countries was only 1.4% of all co—
authored papers; this increased to 3% in 1995. Such limited regional cooperation is also true for 
the Mediterranean countries, for instance in 1995 scientists in the Maghreb countries of Algeria, 
Morocco and Tunisia published 1,206 publications. Of these, 769 were co-authored with 
scientists from other countries yet only I1 included scientists from two Maghreb countries. 
Furthermore, only one out of the II did not involve an OECD partner. 
EFTA00731525
--- PAGE 25 ---
Table t Scientific cooperation: total number of publications and joint publications in the 
Gulf and Maghreb countries 
Country 
Total number 
of published 
papers 
Number of 
joint papers 
Co-authored 
with GCCI
partners 
Co-authored 
with Arab 
partners 
Main Arab 
partners 
Egypt 
Gulf countries 
1990 
1995 
1990 
1995 
1990 
1995 
1990 
1995 
1990 
1995 
Bahrain 
106 
- 
Kuwait 
487 
290 
132 
117 
II 
Oman 
-
Qatar 
Saudi Arabia 
1,031 
1,240 
242 
294 
UAE 
137 
Total Gulf 
1.722 
2.716 468 
568 
127 
106 
Total number 
of published 
papers 
Number of 
joint papers 
Co-authored 
with OECD 
partners 
Co-authored 
with Arab 
partners 
Main partners 
France 
Maghreb 
countries 
1990 
1995 
1990 
1995 
1990 
1995 
1990 
1995 
1990 
1995 
Algeria 
172 
328 
137 
227 
120 
187 
151 
Morocco 
240 
536 
153 
395 
132 
314 
241 
Tunisia 
268 
342 
147 
122 
Total Maghreb 
680 
1206 
367 
769 
321 
623 
235 
479 
Libya 2
II 
I1 
Total 
Mediterranean 
738 
1264 
398 
804 
332 
639 
246 
488 
Source: Adapted from Zahlan (1999a). 
Notes: t GCC - Cur Cooperation Council including Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and 
the United Arab Emirates. 2 The main partners for Libya are India (1990) and UK (1995). 
As shown in table 4 there is an absence of scientific cooperation and co-authorship among 
scientists from the Gulf and Mediterranean countries as well as between them and other Arab 
countries. Where Gulf countries do cooperate with Arab scientists, it tends to be limited to only 
a small number of countries. According to Zahlan (1999a) this is because universities in Gulf 
countries employ professors mainly from other Arab countries. Similarly, in the Mediterranean 
Arab region, cooperation between Maghreb countries and other Arab scientists accounts only 
for 3.0% and 3.5% of all co-authored published papers in 1990 and 1995 respectively (Zahlan, 
I999a). 
Arab countries in the Gulf have only limited cooperation with foreign institutes. For instance, 
while the number of the published papers in the Gulf countries increased from 1,722 in 1990 to 
2,716 in 1995, fewer than a quarter were co-authored with foreign institutes. This contrasts with 
EFTA00731526
--- PAGE 26 ---
the Mediterranean Arab countries, particularly the Maghreb countries that have significant 
cooperation with the OECD: papers co-authored with OECD countries accounted for 90.0% and 
81.3% of total joint publications in 1990 and 1995 respectively. Of all the OECD countries 
France has the highest share of joint papers with Algeria, Morocco and Tunisia, comprising 
67.0% and 613% of total joint papers in 1990 and 1995 respectively. These data are backed up 
by Zahlan (1999a) who finds that scientific workers in the Maghreb are deeply integrated with 
the international scientific community. 
So, despite the social proximity between the populations in terms of religion, language, culture 
and traditions, there is only limited scientific cooperation within and between the Gulf and 
Mediterranean Arab countries, or between them and other Arab countries. In contrast, there is 
active international scientific cooperation between some of the Mediterranean countries and 
other world countries, but this is very limited for all the Gulf countries. One reason for this is 
that scientific workers in the Maghreb, on an individual level, have become deeply integrated 
into the international scientific community but not, however, with their own national or regional 
economies or societies (Zahlan 1999a). More recent literature indicates the role of geographical 
location and proximity in relation to S&T indicators and the transfer of knowledge (Arundel and 
Geuna 2001). France is geographically close and also has colonial ties to Algeria, Morocco and 
Tunisia. Hence, we argue that it is geographic proximity rather than social proximity that drives 
the Maghreb countries' scientific cooperation with the international community and Europe. 
4.2.2. Patent Applications 
Table 2 shows the low number of patent applications made by countries in both of the Arab 
regions compared to advanced and leading developing countries like Singapore, Korea and 
China. In light of our earlier findings, this can be attributed to the Arab countries' low 
percentage share of GDP spent on 
and the small number of scientists and engineers in 
M. 
The low number of patent applications implies a low level of innovative activities across 
both Arab Mediterranean and Gulf countries compared to both advanced and developing 
countries. 
Table 5 shows the number of patent applications made between 1985 and 1995 in the Arab 
countries, Europe and the United States by residents and non-residents of the Arab 
Mediterranean countries. During that period residents made fewer patent applications than non-
residents in all Arab Mediterranean countries. Among the Arab Mediterranean countries, the 
highest number of patent applications were filed in Egypt, followed by Morocco, Algeria, 
Tunisia and finally Syria. Moreover, table 5 shows that all Arab Mediterranean countries 
together have filed far fewer patents in both the European and United States patent offices than 
non-Arab Mediterranean countries. 
EFTA00731527
--- PAGE 27 ---
Table 5. Patent applications made by Mediterranean countries at home, in Europe and the 
United States 
Resid 
ents 
Non- 
reside 
nts 
Euro 
pe 
Americ 
a 
Reside 
nts 
Non- 
reside 
nts 
Europ 
e 
Americ 
a 
Reside 
nts 
Non-
reside 
nts 
Year 
1985 
' 
1985' 
1985 
- 
1989 
b 
1987- 
1989 b
1990' 
1990' 
1990- 
1994" 
1990- 
1994b
1992/1993/1994 
/1995' 
Algeria 
235 
Na 
139 
Na 
119 
Egypt 
168 
671 
278 
511 
328 
503 
Lebanon 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Na 
Morocco 
255 
268 
292 
Syria 
Na 
Na 
Tunisia 
202 
Na 
134 
Na 
Total Arab 
Mediterra 
near 
240 
1417 
II 
368 
1064 
452 
1043 
Total non- 
Arab 
Mediterra 
near 
851 
3077 
828 
812 
- 
- 
1579 
1,997 
1352 
3827 
Source: Adapted from' OECD (1997): LIME Data, WIPO-Geneva. b OECD (1997) OST Data 
INPI/EPO (SPAT) and USPTO. Non-Arab Mediterranean refers to Albania, Cyprus, Israel. 
Malta and Turkey. 
The low number of patents filed by residents of the Arabic countries can be related to low S&T 
activity in the country. The low number of patents recorded by non-residents, however, needs a 
different interpretation. It is partially because there is a lack of adequate patent legislation, but 
more importantly it is also due to lack of an economic structure within which to take advantage 
of patents. Foreign companies will only register a patent in a country if they fear that a local 
competitor might exploit their technology without paying for it. Therefore the low number of 
patents filed by non-residents in the Arab region implies that the region lacks industries that arc 
internationally competitive, which can also be interpreted in terms of there being a poor 
economic structure. 
In terms of the number of patent applications filed in the United States Patent and Trademark 
Office, table 2 indicates that the Gulf performs better than the Mediterranean. This is probably 
because the Gulf countries have better regulation for patents and better cooperation with the 
United States than the Mediterranean countries. 
EFTA00731528
--- PAGE 28 ---
4.2.3. Share of High Technology Manufacturing Exports 
According to table 2, both the Gulf and the Mediterranean countries have a low share of high-
technology manufacturing exports compared to advanced and leading developing countries. In 
addition, the share of hi-tech manufactured goods in the Arab countries in 1995-1997 is well 
below that of the world average or the corresponding figures for Brazil, Korea, Latin America 
and the Caribbean, Mexico, Singapore and even sub-Saharan Africa (figure 5). This can be 
explained in relation to our earlier findings concerning the Arab countries' inadequate economic 
structure, poor spending on 
M
,
low number of scientists and engineers in 
and low 
patent filings. 
Figure 5. Proportion of high-technology manufactured goods 
High-technology share of manufacturing (1995 1997) 
Singapore 
Mexico 
Korea 
World 
Latin America, Caribbean 
Brazil 
Sub-Saharan Africa 
Middle East, North Africa 
Average Arab region 
Average Gulf 
Average Mediterranean 
J 
Source: Adapted from Haddad (2002) and La!! (1999). Computations based on UN COMTRAD£ data 
2000 and 1996 respectively. 
When comparing the average share of exports of high-technology goods manufactured, our 
findings in table 2 indicate that the Mediterranean countries perform much better than the Gulf 
countries. However, information from the OECD (1997) indicates that the Mediterranean 
countries are still some way behind Malta and Israel. For instance, in 1997, hi-tech exports from 
the Arab Mediterranean countries to Europe and the rest of the world ranged between 0.7%-
17% and 0.8%-22% of all exports respectively; lower than the comparable percentages in both 
Malta and Israel, which were around 66% and 32-35% respectively. 
EFTA00731529
--- PAGE 29 ---
4.2.4. Productivity Growth 
Once again it is the Mediterranean Arab countries that out-perform their Gulf counterparts in 
terms of S&T impact as measured by economic growth. Table 6 shows that annual growth rate 
for average GDP per capita during the periods 1975-2001 and 1990-2001 and the average real 
GDP growth rate during the period 1995-2000 are higher in the Mediterranean countries than in 
the Gulf. Moreover, during 1999-2001, the Mediterranean countries show continuous growth 
whereas the Gulf countries experienced rapid economic growth followed by rapid slow down. 
Table 6. Real GDP growth and GDP per capita annual growth rates in the Gulf and 
Mediterranean countries 
Country 
GDP per capita annual growth 
rate (56)a
Real annual GDP growth (%)" 
1975- 
2001 
1990-2001 
1995-2000 
Average 
1999 
2000 
2001 
Arab Gulf 
(GCC) 
Bahrain 
1.1 
1.9 
4.3 
4.3 
5.3 
4.8 
Kuwait 
-0.7 
-1.0 
3.8 
-2.9 
2.9 
-0.6 
Oman 
2.3 
0.6 
3.6 
-0.2 
5.1 
7.3 
Qatar 
NA 
NA 
9.4 
5.3 
11.6 
7.2 
Saudi Arabia 
-2.1 
-1.1 
1.9 
-0.8 
4.9 
1.2 
UAE 
-3.7 
-1.6 
5.7 
3.9 
5.0 
5.1 
Total GCC 
-0.6 
-0.2 
4.8 
1.6 
5.8 
4.2 
Arab 
Mediterranean 
Algeria 
-0.2 
0.1 
2.9 
2.3 
2.8 
3.4 
Egypt 
2.8
5.3 
5.1 
3.3 
Lebanon 
4.0 
3.6 
2.3 
1.0 
-0.5 
2.0 
Morocco 
1.3 
0.7 
1.9 
-0.1 
1.0 
6.5 
Syria 
0.9 
1.9 
3.0 
-2.0 
0.6 
2.7 
Tunisia 
2.0 
3.1 
5.1 
6.1 
4.7 
5.0 
Total 
Mediterranean 
1.8 
2.0 
3.4 
2.2 
2.3 
3.8 
Arab State 
0.3 
3.9 
2.4 
4.1 
3.8 
Developing 
countries 
2.3 
2.9 
5.3 
3.9 
5.7 
4.0 
Source: a UNDP (2003) and IMF (2002). GCC — Gulf Cooperation Council. 
4.2.5. Technology Infrastructures and Technology Achievement Index 
Figure 6 indicates that countries both the Arab regions are lagging behind the rest of the world, 
including advanced and developing countries, in terms of both basic and high technology 
EFTA00731530
--- PAGE 30 ---
infrastructure (BT1 and HTI).'" On average the BTI for Gulf countries is better than for 
Mediterranean countries, while the opposite is true for the HTI. Overall, poor BT1 is to blame 
for the low HTI in both Gulf and Mediterranean countries (Rasiah 2001). Moreover, according 
to the UNDP (2001) HDI classification of world countries according to technology achievement 
index, both the Gulf and Mediterranean countries lag far behind the world's advanced and 
leading developing countries. In fact, the majority of Mediterranean countries are classified as 
being dynamic adopters of new technologies, while the status of the Gulf countries with respect 
to the same classification is unclear, as none of the Gulf countries are classified as either leader, 
potential leader, dynamic or marginalized adopter. 
Figure 6. Basic and high technology infrastructure rating in the Gulf and 
Mediterranean Arab countries compared to world countries 
Vanua 
USE 
I
!MI 
r 
Sync ! 1 
Coro 
MIBasic 
Technology 
Infrastructure 
(1992-1998) 
OHIgh 
Technology 
Infrastructure 
(1991-1997) 
Source: Adapted from Rasiah (2002). 
Rasiah (2002) defines basic technology infrastructure (811) as weighted proxies representing basic education 
(enrolment in primary schools), health (physicians per thousand people) and communications (main telephone 
lines ar thousand 
pI
 defines high technology infrastructure (HTI) as weighted proxies representing 
investment and 
scientists and engineers per million people. Rasiah also argues that BTI is an 
essential but not sufficient condition for economies to achieve advanced technological capacity: the incidence 
of economies generating innovation is higher when they also have the high-technology support institutions. The 
lower the 811. the lower the capacity and resources for high technology development. 
EFTA00731531
--- PAGE 31 ---
5. CONCLUSIONS 
This paper shows the status of S&T indicators in the Arab Gulf and Mediterranean countries. It 
is clear that a great disparity exists between these regions in terms of S&T input and output 
indicators. Furthermore, countries in both Arab regions lag behind the world's developed and 
leading developing countries in terms of the same input and output indicators. The combination 
of poor S&T inputs/resources together with an inadequate economic system as a whole results 
in the Gulf and Mediterranean countries producing poor S&T outputs/performances. Moreover, 
we find that most 
and S&T activities in both Gulf and Mediterranean countries occur 
within the public and university sectors, while the private sector and industry make only a minor 
contribution . 
When comparing S&T input and output indicators of the Gulf countries with those of the 
Mediterranean, our findings indicate that in terms of most S&T input indicators (both financial 
and human resources) the best performances come from Mediterranean countries. That also 
holds for the average share of high-technology exports, GDP per capita growth, number of 
scientific publications and level of international cooperation, while the performance of the Gulf 
countries is only better with respect to number of patent filings. 
Moreover, we observe that the Mediterranean countries appear to be benefiting from their 
geographical location and proximity to Europe, as shown by the higher levels of cooperation 
with the OECD and in particular France. This implies that social proximity (sharing similar 
religion, culture, language, values and traditions) and intra-regional linkages and networks do 
not matter for scientific cooperation. Instead, for some of the Mediterranean Arab countries 
(notably Algeria, Morocco and Tunisia), geographical proximity and external regional linkages 
and networks with Europe are the motivations for scientific cooperation. 
Hence, our analysis indicates that in order to improve S&T performance, the Arab Gulf and 
Mediterranean countries need to invest heavily in both financial and human resources as well as 
to learn from the lessons of the advanced and developing S&T nations. Such investment can be 
more effective if they arc made according to targeted, well-defined plans that connect with 
policies covering industry, science and technology and accompanied by an overhaul in the 
economic system. 
None of the Gulf or Mediterranean Arab countries alone possess all the human and financial 
resources necessary to promote S&T. However, these countries could have a wider range of 
capabilities to promote S&T if they pooled and integrated their resources. Restructuring the 
EFTA00731532
--- PAGE 32 ---
economic systems, encouraging the private sector and implementing effective S&T cooperation 
and integration between all the Arab countries will most likely enhance S&T development and 
hence long-term harmonious development in the region. 
EFTA00731533
--- PAGE 33 ---
REFERENCES 
Arundel, A. and A. Geuna. 2001. Does proximity matter for knowledge transfer from public 
institutes and universities to firms? SPRU Electronic Working Paper Series No.73. 
Brighton, UK: University of Sussex. 
Cooper. C. 1991. Are innovation studies on industrialized economies relevant to technology 
policy in developing countries? UNU-INTECH Working Paper Series No.3. Maastricht, 
the Netherlands: UNU-INTECH. 
1994. Science and technology in Africa under conditions of economic crisis and 
structural adjustment. UNU-INTECH Working Paper Series No.4. Maastricht, the 
Netherlands: UNU-INTECH. 
Dasgupta, P. and P. David. 1994. Toward a new economics of science. MERIT Research 
Memoranda Series No.2/94-003. Maastricht, the Netherlands: Maastricht University. 
ESCWA (Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia). 1999a. Science and technology 
policies in the twenty-first century. New York, NY: United Nations. Pp. 75, 209. 
I9996. ESCWA proceedings of the expert group meeting on science and technology 
policies and strategies in the twenty-first century. Beirut, 10-12 March 1999. 
(E/ESCWA/TECH/1999/8/Rev. I: December 1999). Ncw York, NY: United Nations. 
ESCWA—UNESCO (Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia-United Nations 
Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization). I998a. Research and development 
systems in the Arab states: Development of science and technology indicators. 
(E/ESCWA/TECH/1998/Rev. I). Cairo, Egypt: UNESCO. 
I 998b. Research and development system in the Arab states: Development of science 
and technology indicators. (E/ ESCWA/ TECH/ 1998/3). Cairo, Egypt: UNESCO. 
Fergany, N. 1999. Science and research for development in the Arab region. Chapter 2 in: 
Research for development in the Middle East and North Africa, E. Rached and D. 
Craissati, eds. Ottowa, Canada: IDRC. 
Foray, D. 1999. Science, technology and market. In: World Social Science Report. Paris: 
UNESCO/Elsevier. 
Freeman, C. and L. Socte. 1997. The economics of industrial innovation, 3rd ed. London, UK: 
Cassell. 
EFTA00731534
--- PAGE 34 ---
Haddad, M. 2002. Export competitiveness: Where does the Middle East and North Africa region 
stand? In: Economic Trends in MENA Region. Cairo, Egypt: Economic Research Forum. 
IMF. 2002. World economic outlook: The Middle East and North Africa regional outlook. 
Washington, DC: International Monetary Fund. 
Lall, S. 1999. Competing with labour: Skills and competitiveness in developing countries. 
Development Discussion Paper No.31. Development Policies Department, Geneva, 
Switzerland: International Labour Organization. 
Lundvall, B-A. ed. 1992. National systems of innovation: Towards a theory of innovation and 
interactive learning. London, UK: Pinter Publishers. 
Muysken, J. and S. Nour. 2005. Deficiencies in education and poor prospects for economic 
growth in the Gulf countries: The cast of the UAE. Paper presented at the ETIC European 
Doctoral Training Programme, Maastricht, October 2003. Journal of Development 
Studies, 2005, Taylor and Francis Ltd.: UK forthcoming. 
Mytelka, L. 2001. Do the least developed countries need science and technology for sustainable 
development? http://www.intech.unu.cdu/publicationsfindex.php 
Nelson, R. ed. 1993. National innovation systems: A comparative study. New York, NY: Oxford 
University Press. 
OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development). 1997. The Second 
European Report on S&T Indicators 1997. Luxembourg, European Commission. 
Qasem, S. I998a. Research and development in the Arab states: Development of science and 
technology indicators. In: Review of science and technology in ESCWA member 
countries, ESCWA (1999), Issue No.l. New York, NY: United Nations. 
I 998b. Research and development systems in the Arab states: Development of science 
and technology indicators. Chapter 4 in: Economic Trends in MENA Region 2002. Cairo, 
Egypt: Economic Research Forum and the American University in Cairo. 
Rasiah, R. 2002. TRIPs and capability building in developing economies. Discussion Paper 
No.l. Tokyo, Japan: UNU-INTECH. 
UNDP (United Nations Development Programme). 2001. Summary human development report 
2001: Making new technologies work for human Development. New York, NY: UNDP; 
Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press. 
2002. Human development report 2002: Deepening democracy in a fragmental world. 
New York, NY: UNDP; Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press. 
2003. Arab human development report 2003: Building a knowledge society. Amman, 
Jordan: UNDP-RBAS; New York, NY: National Press. 
EFTA00731535
--- PAGE 35 ---
2003. Human development report 2001 Millennium development goals: A compact 
among nations to end human poverty. New York, NY: UNDP; Oxford, UK: Oxford 
University Press. 
2004. Human development report 2004: Cultural liberty in today's diverse world. New 
York, NY: UNDP. 
Zahlan, A. I999a. Science policy for the twenty-first century: Mobilization and development. 
In: Proceedings of the expert group meeting on science and technology policies and 
strategies 
for 
the 
twenty-first 
century, 
Beirut, 
10-12 
March 
1999, 
(E/ESCWA/TECH/1999/8fRev.1: December 1999). New York, NY: United Nations. Pp. 
14-16. 
I999b. The Arabs and the challenges of science and technology: Progress without 
change. Beirut, Lebanon: The Center for the Study of Arab Unity. 
EFTA00731536
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA00731537
--- PAGE 37 ---
THE UNU-INTECH DISCUSSION PAPER SERIES 
# 2005.3 Science and Technology Development Indicators in the Arab Region: A Comparative Study of 
Gulf and Mediterranean Arab Countries by Sarnia Satti O. M. Nour 
# 2005.2 Learning Through Inter-Organizational Interactions: Public Research Institutes in the Nigerian 
(Bio)pharmaceutical System of Innovation by Banji Oyelaran-Oyeyinka and Padmashree Gehl 
Sampath 
# 2005.I Systems of Innovation and Underdevelopment: An Institutional Perspective by Banji Oyelaran-
Oyeyinka 
#2004-18 A Systems Perspective on Inter-Firm and Organizational Collaboration in African Industry 
by Banji Oyelaran-Oyeyinka 
# 2004.17 Regional Innovation Systems: A Critical Synthesis by David Doloreux and Saeed Parto 
# 2004.16 Growth of Employment and the Adoption of E-business by Kaushalesh Lal 
# 2004-115 Learning, Innovation And Cluster Growth: A Study of Two Inherited Organizations in the 
Niagara Peninsula Wine Cluster by Lynn K. Mytelka and Haeli Goertzen 
# 2004.14 Determinants of E-business Adoption: Evidence from Firms in India, Nigeria, Uganda 
by Banji Oyelaran-Oyeyinka and Kaushalesh Lal 
# 2004.13 Agricultural Biotechnology: Issues for Biosafety Governance in Asian Countries by 
Padmashree Gehl Sampath 
# 2004.12 A National System of Innovation in the Making. An Analysis of the Role of Government with 
Respect to Promoting Domestic Innovations in the Manufacturing Sector of Iran by Sunil Mani 
# 2004-11 Demanding Stronger Protection for Geographical Indications: The Relationship between Local 
Knowledge, Information and Reputation by Dr. Dwijen Rangnekar 
# 2004.10 Are Foreign Firms More Productive, and Export and Technology Intensive, than Local Firms 
in Kenyan Manufacturing? by Rajah Rasiah and Geoffrey Gachino 
# 2004.9 Learning New Technologies by SMEs in Developing Countries by Banji Oyelaran-Oyeyinka 
and Kaushalesh Lal 
# 2004.8 Building Research Capacity in Social Sciences for Development in Bolivia: A Case of 
Institutional Innovation by Prof. Lea Velho, Maria Carlota de Souza Paula. Roberto Vilar 
# 2004.7 Sectoral Pattern of E-business Adoption in Developing Countries 
by Banji Oyelaran-Oyeyinka and Kaushalesh Lal 
# 2004.6 Non-Tariff Measures, Technological Capability Building and Exports in India's Pharmaceutical 
Firms by Frederick Nixson and Ganeshan Wignaraja 
# 2004.5 Technological Intensity and Export Incidence: A Study of Foreign and Local Auto
-Parts, 
Electronics and Garment Firms in Indonesia by Rajah Rasiah 
# 2004.4 Science and Technology in Latin America and the Caribbean: An Overview by Lea Velho 
# 2004.3 Coping with Globalisation An Analysis of innovation capability in Brazilian 
telecommunications equipment industry by Sunil Mani 
# 2004.2 Learning and Local Knowledge Institutions in African Industry by Banji Oyelaran-Oyeyinka 
# 2004-I Productivity. Exports, Skills and Technological Capabilities: A Study of Foreign and Local 
Manufacturing Firms in Uganda by Rajah Rasiah and Henry Tamale 
EFTA00731538

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731539.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731539.pdf
----------------------------------------
the subtle art of sensory communication 
Building brands requires building perception. Creating the perfect perception requires the perfect sensory appeal. 
The aim of SELINE and associates is to develop a true sensory signature for your brand: crafting the aesthetic appeal 
of an identity or product in the market place by refining its language of style. 
For more information contact Seline Lewis 
EFTA00731539

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731540.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731540.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD Document 6 
Entered on FLSD Docket 10)29/2010 Page 1 of 1 
te AM Ilter 0(.09)Sabpocanu female al a lkpotitwan in a Civil -Woo (Plige 
Civil Action No. CASE NO.: 9:10-cv-81111 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not bellied with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 45.) 
This subpoena for Manse cl indivithal am Milt (two 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
was received by me °name, 
E p r 
.20O 
I served the subpoena by delivering a copy to the named individual as follows: ailt OCT, 8, do/9.
tEtNiii.a..4 get dc 7ifL fu8AceQn ra 4144k 
Pit  4TWIt 
Aka, 104 
fif.Siotaf OF firtlit Onighaw A-1-7/0 ;or 
I returned the subpoena =executed because: 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents. I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance. and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
My fees are $ 
Date: 
for travel and $ 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
02e, 4.70,O 
for services. fora total of $ 
0.00 
Senn 's 
7 /0/ 1111 
"Peg/el
Mk) 
..1- ) . YEs;7 647
-0/2. 
Primed name ami Ode 
I
mot - Box /tics Ton Iiiiiiibit)Groit/ /OS 
seneesats 
iosc 
Additional information regarding attempted service. etc: 
EFTA00731540

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731541.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731541.pdf
----------------------------------------
0S a 
$ 
EFTA00731541

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731542.pdf
----------------------------------------
••• 
EFTA00731542

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731543.pdf
----------------------------------------
II 
q - 3 
I, Li
tt") 
-e-SrorJ 
PACO 
k 
eacm.. 
beajtpk 
Co 
4-
NOTE: Tpkr P105, RC 
s 
6, L. 5  
x
oal rtic 
?/- 7 mt .
F -reg. NICLO tsrod 
4,0„, roe /01,gtoEs 
ptACEb 
EFTA00731543

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731544.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731544.pdf
----------------------------------------
brief: I Rothstein civil abuse. Brad Edwards , partner with Rothstein .his clients ( 
got to brad through marie ( depo testimony) marie 
admitted adding one of his clients to the list in May of 08 - Marie does not let go. 
Police chief Reiter ,depo says she shared the list with him and Recarey and told him 
in writing, to destroy it ,only second time asked in entire 28 year career, only other 
time national security ) . Interaction with Edwards, someone should ask marie hard 
questions - sloman has been getting bad info. false allegations of me violating state 
probation ,she said i had been stopped 8 miles from office Total Bullshit. I had 
specific permission , to walk and it was less than three miles and less than an hour 
walk. -with re ;Sheriff, marie went to visit the morning after sloman promised no 
more involvement. She went to that state prosecutor to prohibit transfer, Joseberg 
fees. BJ told you , marie calls him about his fees- all girls,ALL so far admitted 
prostitutes strippers massage parlor . The NPA expires in seven months ., Lets 
agree that all conditions have been SATISFIED .Let the state do as it pleases. ( 
though frankly marie is now successfully goading the state into action). I am willing 
to sit with him, FACE TO FACE. 
Threatened breaches... docummnet. 
Beachm wark release, sol, court challeneges. , Karen Atkinson. Alfredo. , all Edwards 
contacts, josfberg preve, 
EFTA00731544

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731545.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE NATIONAL GUIDELINES FOR SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION AND 
NOTIFICATION 
CONTENTS 
I. 
INTRODUCTION  
II. 
GENERAL PRINCIPLES  
A. Terminology  
B. Minimum National Standards  
C. Retroactivity  
D. Automation—Electronic Databases and Software  
E. Implementation  
III. 
COVERED JURISDICTIONS 
IV. 
COVERED SEX OFFENSES AND SEX OFFENDERS  
A. Convictions Generally  
B. Foreign Convictions  
C. Sex Offenses Generally  
D. Specified Offenses Against Minors  
E. Protected Witnesses  
V. 
CLASSES OF SEX OFFENDERS 
VI. 
REQUIRED REGISTRATION INFORMATION 
VII. 
DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION 
A. Sex Offender Websites  
B. Community Notification and Targeted Disclosures  
VIII. WHERE REGISTRATION IS REQUIRED  
IX. 
INITIAL REGISTRATION  
EFTA00731545
--- PAGE 2 ---
X. 
KEEPING THE REGISTRATION CURRENT 
A. Changes of Name, Residence,Emplovment, or School Attendance  
B. Changes in Other Registration Information  
C. International Travel  
XI. 
VERIFICATION/APPEARANCE REQUIREMENTS 
XII. 
DURATION OF REGISTRATION  
XIII. ENFORCEMENT OF REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS  
Appendix A. Summary of Comments  
Appendix B. Title Reference to SORNA Sections  
Appendix C. Title Reference to Federal Statutes  
Index .  
EFTA00731546
--- PAGE 3 ---
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
The Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act ("SORNA" or "the Act"), which is 
title I of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (M. 109-248), provides a 
new comprehensive set of minimum standards for sex offender registration and notification in 
the United States. These Guidelines are issued to provide guidance and assistance to covered 
jurisdictions—the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the principal U.S. territories, and Indian 
tribal governments—in implementing the SORNA standards in their registration and notification 
programs. 
The adoption of these Guidelines carries out a statutory directive to the Attorney General, 
appearing in SORNA § 112(b), to issue guidelines to interpret and implement SORNA. Other 
provisions of SORNA establish the Office of Sex Offender Sentencing, Monitoring, 
Apprehending, Registering, and Tracking (the "SMART Office"), a component of the Office of 
Justice Programs of the U.S. Department of Justice. The SMART Office is authorized by law to 
administer the standards for sex offender registration and notification that are set forth in 
SORNA and interpreted and implemented in these Guidelines. It is further authorized to 
cooperate with and provide assistance to states, local governments, tribal governments, and other 
public and private entities in relation to sex offender registration and notification and other 
measures for the protection of the public from sexual abuse or exploitation. See SORNA 
§ 146(c). Accordingly, the SMART Office should be regarded by jurisdictions discharging 
registration and notification functions as their key partner and resource in the federal government 
in further developing and strengthening their sex offender registration and notification programs, 
and the SMART Office will provide all possible assistance for this purpose. 
The development of sex offender registration and notification programs in the United 
States has proceeded rapidly since the early 1990s, and at the present time such programs exist in 
all of the states, the District of Columbia, and some of the territories and tribes. These programs 
serve a number of important public safety purposes. In their most basic character, the registration 
aspects of these programs are systems for tracking sex offenders following their release into the 
community. If a sexually violent crime occurs or a child is molested, information available to 
law enforcement through the registration program about sex offenders who may have been 
present in the area may help to identify the perpetrator and solve the crime. If a particular 
released sex offender is implicated in such a crime, knowledge of the sex offender's whereabouts 
through the registration system may help law enforcement in making a prompt apprehension. 
The registration program may also have salutary effects in relation to the likelihood of registrants 
committing more sex offenses. Registered sex offenders will perceive that the authorities' 
knowledge of their identities, locations, and past offenses reduces the chances that they can avoid 
detection and apprehension if they reoffend, and this perception may help to discourage them 
from engaging in further criminal conduct. 
Registration also provides the informational base for the other key aspect of the 
programs—notification—which involves making information about released sex offenders more 
broadly available to the public. The means of public notification currently include sex offender 
websites in all states, the District of Columbia, and some territories, and may involve other forms 
EFTA00731547
--- PAGE 4 ---
of notice as well. The availability of such information helps members of the public to take 
common sense measures for the protection of themselves and their families, such as declining the 
offer of a convicted child molester to watch their children or head a youth group, or reporting to 
the authorities approaches to children or other suspicious activities by such a sex offender. Here 
as well, the effect is salutary in relation to the sex offenders themselves, since knowledge by 
those around them of their sex offense histories reduces the likelihood that they will be presented 
with opportunities to reoffend. 
While sex offender registration and notification in the United States are generally carried 
out through programs operated by the individual states and other non-federal jurisdictions, their 
effectiveness depends on also having effective arrangements for tracking of registrants as they 
move among jurisdictions and some national baseline of registration and notification standards. 
In a federal union like the United States with a mobile population, sex offender registration could 
not be effective if registered sex offenders could simply disappear from the purview of the 
registration authorities by moving from one jurisdiction to another, or if registration and 
notification requirements could be evaded by moving from a jurisdiction with an effective 
program to a nearby jurisdiction that required little or nothing in terms of registration and 
notification. 
Hence, there have been national standards for sex offender registration in the United 
States since the enactment of the Jacob Wetterling Crimes Against Children and Sexually 
Violent Offender Act (42 U.S.C. 14071) in 1994. The national standards from their inception 
have addressed such matters as the offenses for which registration should be required, updating 
and periodic verification of registration information, the duration of registration, public 
notification, and continued registration and tracking of sex offenders when they relocate from 
one jurisdiction to another. 
Following the enactment of the Wetterling Act in 1994, that Act was amended a number 
of times, in part reflecting and in part promoting trends in the development of the state 
registration and notification programs. Ultimately, Congress concluded that the patchwork of 
standards that had resulted from piecemeal amendments should be replaced with a 
comprehensive new set of standards—the SORNA reforms, whose implementation these 
Guidelines concern—that would close potential gaps and loopholes under the old law, and 
generally strengthen the nationwide network of sex offender registration and notification 
programs. Important areas of reform under the SORNA standards include: 
• 
Extending the jurisdictions in which registration is required beyond the 50 States, the 
District of Columbia, and the principal U.S. territories, to include Indian tribal 
jurisdictions. 
• 
Extending the classes of sex offenders and sex offenses for which registration is required. 
• 
Consistently requiring that sex offenders in the covered classes register and keep the 
registration current in the jurisdictions in which they reside, work, or go to school. 
EFTA00731548
--- PAGE 5 ---
• 
Requiring more extensive registration information. 
• 
Adding to the national standards periodic in-person appearances by registrants to verify 
and update the registration information. 
• 
Broadening the availability of information concerning registered sex offenders to the 
public, through posting on sex offender websites and by other means. 
• 
Adopting reforms affecting the required duration of registration. 
In addition, SORNA strengthens the federal superstructure elements that leverage and 
support the sex offender registration and notification programs of the registration jurisdictions. 
These strengthened elements are: (i) stepped-up federal investigation and prosecution efforts to 
assist jurisdictions in enforcing sex offender registration requirements; (ii) new statutory 
provisions for the national database and national website (i.e., the National Sex Offender 
Registry and the Dru Sjodin National Sex Offender Public Website) that effectively compile 
information obtained under the registration programs of the states and other jurisdictions and 
make it readily available to law enforcement or the public on a nationwide basis; (iii) 
development by the federal government of software tools, which the states and other registration 
jurisdictions will be able to use to facilitate the operation of their registration and notification 
programs in conformity with the SORNA standards; and (iv) establishment of the SMART 
Office to administer the national standards for sex offender registration and notification and to 
assist registration jurisdictions in their implementation. 
Through the cooperative effort of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the U.S. 
territories, and Indian tribal governments with the responsible federal agencies, the SORNA goal 
of an effective and comprehensive national system of registration and notification programs can 
be realized, with great benefit to the ultimate objective of "protect[ing] the public from sex 
offenders and offenders against children." SORNA § 102. These Guidelines provide the 
blueprint for that effort. 
II. 
GENERAL PRINCIPLES 
Before turning to the specific SORNA standards and requirements discussed in the 
remainder of these Guidelines, certain general points should be noted concerning the 
interpretation and application of the Act and these Guidelines: 
A. Terminology 
These Guidelines use key terms with the meanings defined in SORNA. In particular, the 
term "jurisdiction" is consistently used with the meaning set forth in SORNA § 111(10). As 
defined in that provision, it refers to the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the five principal 
U.S. territories—i.e., the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern 
Mariana Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands—and Indian tribes that elect to function as 
registration jurisdictions under SORNA § 127. (For more concerning covered jurisdictions, see 
EFTA00731549
--- PAGE 6 ---
Part III of these Guidelines.) Thus, when these Guidelines refer to "jurisdictions " implementing 
the SORNA registration and notification requirements, the reference is to implementation 
of these requirements by the jurisdictions specified in SORNA § 111(10). "Jurisdictions" is not 
used to refer to other territorial or political units or subdivisions, such as counties, cities, or 
towns of states or territories. Likewise, the term "sex offense" is not used to refer to any and all 
crimes of a sexual nature, but rather to those covered by the definition of "sex offense " 
appearing in SORNA § 111(5), and the term "sex offender" has the meaning stated in SORNA 
§ 111(1). (For more concerning covered sex offenses and offenders, see Part IV of these 
Guidelines.) 
SORNA's registration requirements generally come into play when sex offenders are 
released from imprisonment, or when they are sentenced if the sentence does not involve 
imprisonment. See SORNA § 113(b). "Imprisonment " as it is used in SORNA and these 
Guidelines refers to incarceration pursuant to a conviction, regardless of the nature of the 
institution in which the offender serves the sentence. It is not used in any narrow technical sense, 
such as confinement in a state "prison" as opposed to a local "jail." 
SORNA includes a number of references relating to implementation by jurisdictions of 
the requirements of "this title." Section 125 provides a mandatory 10% reduction in certain 
federal justice assistance funding for jurisdictions that fail, as determined by the Attorney 
General, to substantially implement "this title" within the time frame specified in section 124, 
and section 126 authorizes a Sex Offender Management Assistance grant program to help offset 
the costs of implementing "this title." In the context of these provisions, the references to "this 
title" function as a shorthand for the SORNA sex offender registration and notification standards. 
They do not mean that funding under these provisions is affected by a jurisdiction's 
implementation or non-implementation of reforms unrelated to sex offender registration and 
notification that appear in later portions of title I of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety 
Act of 2006 (particularly, subtitle C of that title). 
Section 125(d) of SORNA states that the provisions of SORNA "that are cast as 
directions to jurisdictions or their officials constitute, in relation to States, only conditions 
required to avoid the reduction of Federal funding under this section." Statements in these 
Guidelines that SORNA requires jurisdictions to adopt certain measures should be understood 
accordingly in their application to the states. Since the SORNA requirements relating to sex 
offender registration and notification are, in relation to the states, only partial funding eligibility 
conditions, creation of these requirements is within the constitutional authority of the federal 
government. 
B. Minimum National Standards 
SORNA establishes a national baseline for sex offender registration and notification 
programs. In other words, the Act generally constitutes a set of minimum national standards and 
sets a floor, not a ceiling, for jurisdictions' programs. Hence, for example, a jurisdiction may 
have a system that requires registration by broader classes of convicted offenders than those 
identified in SORNA, or that requires, in addition, registration by certain classes of non-convicts 
EFTA00731550
--- PAGE 7 ---
(such as persons acquitted on the ground of insanity of sexually violent crimes or child 
molestation offenses, or persons released following civil commitment as sexually dangerous 
persons). A jurisdiction may require verification of the registered address or other registration 
information by sex offenders with greater frequency than SORNA requires, or by other means in 
addition to those required by SORNA (e.g., through the use of mailed address verification forms, 
in addition to in-person appearances). A jurisdiction may require sex offenders to register for 
longer periods than those required by the SORNA standards. A jurisdiction may require that 
changes in registration information be reported by registrants on a more stringent basis than the 
SORNA minimum standards—e.g., requiring that changes of residence be reported before the 
sex offender moves, rather than within three business days following the move. A jurisdiction 
may extend website posting to broader classes of registrants than SORNA requires and may post 
more information concerning registrants than SORNA and these Guidelines require. 
Such measures, which encompass the SORNA baseline of sex offender registration and 
notification requirements but go beyond them, generally have no negative implication concerning 
jurisdictions' implementation of or compliance with SORNA. This is so because the general 
purpose of SORNA is to protect the public from sex offenders and offenders against children 
through effective sex offender registration and notification, and it is not intended to preclude or 
limit jurisdictions' discretion to adopt more extensive or additional registration and notification 
requirements to that end. There is an exception to this general rule in SORNA § 118(b), which 
requires that certain types of information, such as victim identity and registrants' Social Security 
numbers, be excluded from jurisdictions' publicly accessible sex offender websites, as discussed 
in Part VII of these Guidelines. In other respects, jurisdictions' discretion to go further than the 
SORNA minimum is not limited. 
C. Retroactivity 
The applicability of the SORNA requirements is not limited to sex offenders whose 
predicate sex offense convictions occur following a jurisdiction's implementation of a 
conforming registration program. Rather, SORNA's requirements took effect when SORNA was 
enacted on July 27, 2006, and they have applied since that time to all sex offenders, including 
those whose convictions predate SORNA's enactment. See 72 FR 8894, 8895-96 (Feb. 28, 
2007); 28 CFR 72.3. The application of the SORNA standards to sex offenders whose 
convictions predate SORNA creates no ex post facto problem "because the SORNA sex offender 
registration and notification requirements are intended to be non-punitive, regulatory measures 
adopted for public safety purposes, and hence may validly be applied (and enforced by criminal 
sanctions) against sex offenders whose predicate convictions occurred prior to the creation of 
these requirements. See Smith v. Doe, 538 U.S. 84 (2003)." 72 FR at 8896. 
As a practical matter, jurisdictions may not be able to identify all sex offenders who fall 
within the SORNA registration categories, where the predicate convictions predate the enactment 
of SORNA or the jurisdiction's implementation of the SORNA standards in its registration 
program, particularly where such sex offenders have left the justice system and merged into the 
general population long ago. But many sex offenders with such convictions will remain in (or 
reenter) the system because: 
EFTA00731551
--- PAGE 8 ---
• 
They are incarcerated or under supervision, either for the predicate sex offense or for 
some other crime; 
• 
They are already registered or subject to a pit-existing sex offender registration 
requirement under the jurisdiction's law; or 
• 
They hereafter reenter the jurisdiction's justice system because of conviction for some 
other crime (whether or not a sex offense). 
Sex offenders in these three classes are within the cognizance of the jurisdiction, and the 
jurisdiction will often have independent reasons to review their criminal histories for penal, 
correctional, or registration/notification purposes. Accordingly, a jurisdiction will be deemed to 
have substantially implemented the SORNA standards with respect to sex offenders whose 
predicate convictions predate the enactment of SORNA or the implementation of SORNA in the 
jurisdiction's program if it registers these sex offenders, when they fall within any of the three 
classes described above, in conformity with the SORNA standards. (For more about the 
registration of sex offenders in these classes, see the discussion under "retroactive classes" in 
Part IX of these Guidelines.) 
The required retroactive application of the SORNA requirements will also be limited in 
some cases by the limits on the required duration of registration. As discussed in Part XII of 
these Guidelines, SORNA requires minimum registration periods of varying length for sex 
offenders in different categories, defined by criteria relating to the nature of their sex offenses 
and their history of recidivism. This means that a sex offender with a pre-SORNA conviction 
may have been in the community for a greater amount of time than the registration period 
required by SORNA. For example, SORNA § 115 requires registration for 25 years for a sex 
offender whose offense satisfies the "tier II" criteria of section 111(3). A sex offender who was 
released from imprisonment for such an offense in 1980 is already more than 25 years out from 
the time of release. In such cases, a jurisdiction may credit the sex offender with the time elapsed 
from his or her release (or the time elapsed from sentencing, in case of a non-incarcerative 
sentence), and does not have to require the sex offender to register on the basis of the conviction, 
even if the criteria for retroactive application of the SORNA standards under this Part are 
otherwise satisfied. 
As with other requirements under SORNA and these Guidelines, the foregoing discussion 
identifies only the minimum required for SORNA compliance. Jurisdictions are free to require 
registration for broader classes of sex offenders with convictions that predate SORNA or the 
jurisdiction's implementation of the SORNA standards in its program. 
D. Automation—Electronic Databases and Software 
Several features of SORNA contemplate, or will require as a practical matter, the use of 
current electronic and cyber technology to seamlessly track sex offenders who move from one 
jurisdiction to another, ensure that information concerning registrants is immediately made 
available to all interested jurisdictions, and make information concerning sex offenders 
EFTA00731552
--- PAGE 9 ---
immediately available to the public as appropriate. These include provisions for immediate 
information sharing among jurisdictions under SORNA § 113(c); a requirement in section 119(b) 
that the Attorney General ensure "that updated information about a sex offender is immediately 
transmitted by electronic forwarding to all relevant jurisdictions"; and requirements in section 
121(b) that sex offender registration information and updates thereto be provided immediately to 
various public and private entities and individuals. (For more about these information sharing 
requirements and associated time frames, see Parts VII.B and X of these Guidelines.) 
Carrying out the SORNA information sharing requirements accordingly will entail 
maintenance by jurisdictions of their registries in the form of electronic databases, whose 
included information can be electronically transmitted to other jurisdictions and entities. This 
point is further discussed in connection with the specific SORNA standards, particularly in Parts 
VI, VII, and X of these Guidelines. 
Section 123 of SORNA directs the Attorney General, in consultation with the 
jurisdictions, to develop and support registry management and website software. The purposes 
of the software include facilitating the immediate exchange of sex offender information among 
jurisdictions, public access through the Internet to sex offender information and other forms of 
community notification, and compliance in other respects with the SORNA requirements. As 
required by section 123, the Department of Justice will develop and make available to the 
jurisdictions software tools for the operation of their sex offender registration and notification 
programs, which will, as far as possible, be designed to automate these processes and enable the 
jurisdictions to implement SORNA's requirements by utilizing the software. 
E. Implementation 
Section 124 of SORNA sets a general time frame of three years for implementation, 
running from the date of enactment of SORNA, i.e., from July 27, 2006. The Attorney General 
is authorized to provide up to two one-year extensions of this deadline. Failure to comply within 
the applicable time frame would result in a 10% reduction of federal justice assistance funding 
under 42 U.S.C. 3750 et seq. ("Byrne Justice Assistance Grant" finding). See SORNA § 125(a). 
Funding withheld from jurisdictions because of noncompliance would be reallocated to other 
jurisdictions that are in compliance, or could be reallocated to the noncompliant jurisdiction to be 
used solely for the purpose of SORNA implementation. 
While SORNA sets minimum standards for jurisdictions' registration and notification 
programs, it does not require that its standards be implemented by statute. Hence, in assessing 
compliance with SORNA, the totality of a jurisdiction's rules governing the operation of its 
registration and notification program will be considered, including administrative policies and 
procedures as well as statutes. 
The SMART Office will be responsible for determining whether a jurisdiction has 
substantially implemented the SORNA requirements. The affected jurisdictions are encouraged 
to submit information to the SMART Office concerning existing and proposed sex offender 
registration and notification provisions with as much lead time as possible, so the SMART Office 
EFTA00731553
--- PAGE 10 ---
can assess the adequacy of existing or proposed measures to implement the SORNA 
requirements and work with the submitting jurisdictions to overcome any shortfalls or problems. 
At the latest, submissions establishing compliance with the SORNA requirements should be 
made to the SMART Office at least three months before the deadline date of July 27, 2009—i.e., 
by April 27, 2009-so that the matter can be determined before the Byrne Grant funding 
reduction required by SORNA § 125 for noncompliant jurisdictions takes effect. If it is 
anticipated that a submitting jurisdiction may need an extension of time as described in SORNA 
§ 124(b), the submission to the SMART Office—which should be made by April 27, 2009, as 
noted—should include a description of the jurisdiction's implementation efforts and an 
explanation why an extension is needed. 
SORNA § 125 refers to "substantial" implementation of SORNA. The standard of 
"substantial implementation" is satisfied with respect to an element of the SORNA requirements 
if a jurisdiction carries out the requirements of SORNA as interpreted and explained in these 
Guidelines. Hence, the standard is satisfied if a jurisdiction implements measures that these 
Guidelines identify as sufficient to implement (or "substantially" implement) the SORNA 
requirements. 
Jurisdictions' programs cannot be approved as substantially implementing the SORNA 
requirements if they substitute some basically different approach to sex offender registration and 
notification that does not incorporate SORNA's baseline requirements—e.g., a "risk assessment" 
approach that broadly authorizes the waiver of registration or notification requirements or their 
reduction below the minima specified in SORNA on the basis of factors that SORNA does not 
authorize as grounds for waiving or limiting registration or notification. Likewise, the 
"substantial implementation" standard does not mean that programs can be approved if they 
dispense wholesale with categorical requirements set forth in SORNA, such as by adopting 
general standards that do not require registration for offenses included in SORNA's offense 
coverage provisions, that set regular reporting periods for changes in registration information that 
are longer than those specified in SORNA, or that prescribe less frequent appearances for 
verification or shorter registration periods than SORNA requires. 
The substantial implementation standard does, however, contemplate that there is some 
latitude to approve a jurisdiction's implementation efforts, even if they do not exactly follow in 
all respects the specifications of SORNA or these Guidelines. For example, section 116 of 
SORNA requires periodic in-person appearances by sex offenders to verify their registration 
information. But in some cases this will be impossible, either temporarily (e.g., in the case of a 
sex offender hospitalized and unconscious because of an injury at the time of the scheduled 
appearance) or permanently (e.g., in the case of a sex offender who is in a persistent vegetative 
state). In other cases, the appearance may not be literally impossible, but there may be reasons to 
allow some relaxation of the requirement in light of the sex offender's personal circumstances. 
For example, a sex offender may unexpectedly need to deal with a family emergency at the time 
of a scheduled appearance, where failure to make the appearance will mean not verifying the 
registration information within the exact time frame specified by SORNA § 116. A jurisdiction 
may wish to authorize rescheduling of the appearance in such cases. Doing so would not 
necessarily undermine substantially the objectives of the SORNA verification requirements, so 
I0 
EFTA00731554
--- PAGE 11 ---
long as the jurisdiction's rules or procedures require that the sex offender notify the official 
responsible for monitoring the sex offender of the difficulty, and that the appearance promptly be 
carried out once the interfering circumstance is resolved. 
In general, the SMART Office will consider on a case-by-case basis whether 
jurisdictions' rules or procedures that do not exactly follow the provisions of SORNA or these 
Guidelines "substantially" implement SORNA, assessing whether the departure from a SORNA 
requirement will or will not substantially disserve the objectives of the requirement. If a 
jurisdiction is relying on the authorization to approve measures that "substantially" implement 
SORNA as the basis for an element or elements in its system that depart in some respect from the 
exact requirements of SORNA or these Guidelines, the jurisdiction's submission to the SMART 
Office should identify these elements and explain why the departure from the SORNA 
requirements should not be considered a failure to substantially implement SORNA. 
Beyond the general standard of substantial implementation, SORNA § 125(b) includes 
special provisions for cases in which the highest court of a jurisdiction has held that the 
jurisdiction's constitution is in some respect in conflict with the SORNA requirements. If a 
jurisdiction believes that it faces such a situation, it should inform the SMART Office. The 
SMART Office will then work with the jurisdiction to see whether the problem can be overcome, 
as the statute provides. If it is not possible to overcome the problem, then the SMART Office 
may approve the jurisdiction's adoption of reasonable alternative measures that are consistent 
with the purposes of SORNA. 
Section 125 of SORNA, as discussed above, provides for a funding reduction for 
jurisdictions that do not substantially implement SORNA within the applicable time frame. 
Section 126 of SORNA authorizes positive funding assistance—the Sex Offender Management 
Assistance ("SOMA") grant program—to all registration jurisdictions to help offset the costs of 
SORNA implementation, with enhanced payments authorized for jurisdictions that effect such 
implementation within one or two years of SORNA's enactment. Congress has not appropriated 
funding for the SOMA program at the time of the issuance of these Guidelines. If funding for 
this program is forthcoming in the future, additional guidance will be provided concerning 
application for grants under the program. 
III. 
COVERED JURISDICTIONS 
Section 112(a) of SORNA states that "[e]ach jurisdiction shall maintain a jurisdiction-
wide sex offender registry conforming to the requirements of this title," and section 124 provides 
specific deadlines for "jurisdictions" to carry out the SORNA implementation. Related 
definitions appear in section 111(9) and (10). Section 111(9) provides that "sex offender 
registry" means a registry of sex offenders and a notification program. 
Section 111(10) provides that "jurisdiction" refers to: 
• 
the 50 States; 
EFTA00731555
--- PAGE 12 ---
• 
the District of Columbia; 
• 
the five principal U.S. territories—the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American 
Samoa, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands; and 
• 
Indian tribes to the extent provided in section 127. 
Some of the provisions in SORNA are formulated as directions to sex offenders, 
including those appearing in sections 113(04), 113(c) (first sentence), 114(a), 115(a), and 116. 
Other SORNA provisions are cast as directions to jurisdictions or their officials, such as those 
appearing in sections 113(c) (second sentence), 113(e), 114(b), 117(a), 118, 121(b), and 122. To 
meet the requirement under sections 112 and 124 that covered jurisdictions must implement 
SORNA in their registration and notification programs, each jurisdiction must incorporate in the 
laws and rules governing its registration and notification program the requirements that SORNA 
imposes on sex offenders, as well as those that are addressed directly to jurisdictions and their 
officials. 
While the "jurisdictions" assigned sex offender registration and notification 
responsibilities by SORNA are the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the principal territories, 
and Indian tribes (to the extent provided in section 127), as described above, this does not limit 
the ability of these jurisdictions to carry out these functions through their political subdivisions or 
other entities within the jurisdiction. For example, a jurisdiction may assign responsibility for 
initially registering sex offenders upon their release from imprisonment to correctional personnel 
who are employees of the jurisdiction's government, but the responsibility for continued tracking 
and registration of sex offenders thereafter may be assigned to personnel of local police 
departments, sheriffs' offices, or supervision agencies who are municipal employees. Moreover, 
in carrying out their registration and notification functions, jurisdictions are free to utilize (and to 
allow their agencies and political subdivisions to utilize) entities and individuals who may not be 
governmental agencies or employees in a narrow sense, such as contractors, volunteers, and 
community-based organizations that are capable of discharging these functions. SORNA does 
not limit jurisdictions' discretion concerning such matters. Rather, so long as a jurisdiction's 
laws and rules provide consistently for the discharge of the required registration and notification 
functions by some responsible individuals or entities, the specifics concerning such assignments 
of responsibility are matters within the jurisdiction's discretion. References in these Guidelines 
should be understood accordingly, so that (for example) a reference to an "official" carrying out a 
registration function does not mean that the function must be carried out by a government 
employee, but rather is simply a way of referring to whatever individual is assigned responsibility 
for the function. 
With respect to Indian tribes, SORNA recognizes that tribes may vary in their capacities 
and preferences regarding the discharge of sex offender registration and notification functions, 
and accordingly section 127 of SORNA has special provisions governing the treatment of Indian 
tribes as registration jurisdictions or the delegation of registration and notification functions to 
the states. Specifically, section 127(a)(I) generally afforded federally recognized Indian tribes a 
choice between electing to carry out the sex offender registration and notification functions 
EFTA00731556
--- PAGE 13 ---
specified in SORNA in relation to sex offenders subject to its jurisdiction, or delegating those 
functions to a state or states within which the tribe is located. SORNA provided a period of one 
year commencing with SORNA's enactment on July 27, 2006 for tribes to make this choice. 
SORNA further required that the election to become a SORNA registration jurisdiction, or to 
delegate to a state or states, be made by resolution or other enactment of the tribal council or 
comparable governmental body. Hence, the decision must have been made by a tribal 
governmental entity—"the tribal council or comparable governmental body"—that has the legal 
authority to make binding legislative decisions for the tribe. (However, delegation to the state or 
states is automatic for a tribe subject to state law enforcement jurisdiction under 18 U.S.C. 1162, 
and for a tribe that did not affirmatively elect to become a SORNA registration jurisdiction on or 
prior to July 27, 2007-see the discussion of section 127(a)(2) below.) 
If a tribe has elected to be a SORNA registration jurisdiction in conformity with section 
127, its functions and responsibilities regarding sex offender registration and notification are the 
same as those of a state. Duplication of registration and notification functions by tribes and 
states is not required, however, and such tribes may enter into cooperative agreements with the 
states for the discharge of these functions, as discussed below in connection with section 127(b). 
If a tribe has elected to delegate to a state—or if a delegation to the state occurs pursuant 
to section 127(a)(2)—then the state is fully responsible for carrying out the SORNA registration 
and notification functions, and the delegation includes an undertaking by the tribe to "provide 
access to its territory and such other cooperation and assistance as may be needed to enable [the 
state] to carry out and enforce the requirements of [SORNA]." SORNA § 127(a)(I)(B). This 
does not mean, however, that tribal authorities in such a tribe are precluded from carrying out sex 
offender registration and notification functions. Sovereign powers that these tribes otherwise 
possess to prescribe registration and notification requirements for sex offenders subject to their 
jurisdiction are not restricted by SORNA, so long as there is no conflict with the state's discharge 
of its responsibilities under SORNA. Moreover, as discussed above, states generally have 
discretion concerning the entities within the state through which the SORNA registration and 
notification functions are to be carried out, and tribal entities are not excluded. For example, 
with respect to a tribe subject to state law enforcement jurisdiction under 18 U.S.C. 1162, the 
state may conclude that a tribal agency is best situated to carry out registration functions with 
respect to sex offenders residing in the tribe's territory. In some instances such tribes may have 
been operating sex offender registration programs of their own prior to the enactment of 
SORNA, and arranging with the tribe for the continued discharge of registration functions by the 
tribal authorities may be the most expedient way for the state to carry out the required SORNA 
functions in such a tribal area. 
Section I27(a)(2) of SORNA specifies three circumstances in which registration and 
notification functions are deemed to be delegated to the state or states in which a tribe is located, 
even if the tribe did not make an affirmative decision to delegate: 
• 
Under subparagraph (A) of subsection (aX2), these functions are always delegated to the 
state if the tribe is subject to the law enforcement jurisdiction of the state under 18 U.S.C. 
1162. (If a tribe's land is in part subject to state law enforcement jurisdiction under 18 
EFTA00731557
--- PAGE 14 ---
U.S.C. 1162 and in part outside of the areas subject to 18 U.S.C. 1162, then: (i) sex 
offender registration and notification functions are automatically delegated to the relevant 
state in the portion of the tribal land subject to 18 U.S.C. 1162, and (ii) the tribe could 
have made an election between functioning as a registration jurisdiction or delegating 
registration and notification functions to the state in the portion of its land that is not 
subject to 18 U.S.C. 1162.) 
• 
Under subparagraph (B) of subsection (a)(2), these functions are delegated to the state or 
states if the tribe did not make an affirmative election to function as a registration 
jurisdiction within one year of the enactment of SORNA—i.e., within one year of July 27, 
2006—or rescinds a previous election to function as a registration jurisdiction. 
• 
Under subparagraph (C) of subsection (a)(2), these functions are delegated to the state or 
states if the Attorney General determines that the tribe has not substantially implemented 
the requirements of SORNA and is not likely to become capable of doing so within a 
reasonable amount time. 
If a tribe did elect under section 127 to become a SORNA registration jurisdiction, 
section 127(b) specifies that this does not mean that the tribe must duplicate registration and 
notification functions that are fully carried out by the state or states within which the tribe is 
located, and subsection (b) further authorizes the tribes and the states to make cooperative 
arrangements for the discharge of some or all of these functions. For example, SORNA § 118 
requires jurisdictions to make information concerning their sex offenders available to the public 
through the Internet. If a tribe did not want to maintain a separate sex offender website for this 
purpose, it would not need to do so, as long as a cooperative agreement was made with the state 
to have information concerning the tribe's registrants posted on the state's sex offender website. 
Likewise, a tribe that has elected to be a SORNA registration jurisdiction remains free to make 
cooperative agreements under which the state (or a political subdivision thereof) will handle 
registration of the tribe's sex offenders-such as initially registering these sex offenders, 
conducting periodic appearances of the sex offenders to verify the registration information, and 
receiving reports by the sex offenders concerning changes in the registration information—to the 
extent and in a manner mutually agreeable to the tribe and the state. In general, the use of 
cooperative agreements affords tribes flexibility in deciding which functions under SORNA they 
would seek to have state authorities perform, and which they wish to control or discharge 
directly. For example, the state could carry out certain registration functions, but the tribe could 
retain jurisdiction over the arrest within its territory of sex offenders who fail to register, update 
registrations, or make required verification appearances, if a cooperative agreement between the 
tribe and the state so provided. 
Tribes that have elected to be SORNA registration jurisdictions in conformity with 
section 127 may also make agreements or enter into arrangements with other such tribes for the 
cooperative or shared discharge of registration and notification functions. For example, a group 
of tribes with adjacent territories might wish to enter into an agreement under which the 
participating tribes contribute resources and information to the extent of their capacities, but the 
tribal police department (or some other agency) of one of the tribes in the group has primary 
EFTA00731558
--- PAGE 15 ---
responsibility for the discharge of the SORNA registration functions in relation to sex offenders 
subject to the jurisdiction of any of the tribes in the group—such as initially registering sex 
offenders who enter the jurisdiction of any of the tribes, receiving information from those sex 
offenders concerning subsequent changes in residence or other registration information, and 
conducting periodic in-person appearances by the registrants to verify and update the registration 
information, as SORNA requires. Likewise, with respect to maintenance of websites providing 
public access to sex offender information, as required by SORNA § 118, tribes could enter into 
agreements or arrangements among themselves for the shared administration or operation of 
websites covering the sex offenders of the participating tribes. So long as such agreements or 
arrangements among tribes are designed to ensure that the SORNA registration and notification 
functions are carried out consistently in relation to sex offenders subject to the jurisdiction of any 
of the participating tribes, discharge of the SORNA responsibilities by such means will be 
considered as satisfying the SORNA substantial implementation standard. 
IV. 
COVERED SEX OFFENSES AND SEX OFFENDERS 
SORNA refers to the persons required to register under its standards as "sex offenders," 
and section 111(1) of SORNA defines "sex offender" in the relevant sense to mean "an 
individual who was convicted of a sex offense." "Sex offense" is in turn defined in section 
111(5) and related provisions. The term encompasses a broad range of offenses of a sexual 
nature under the law of any jurisdiction—including offenses under federal, military, state, 
territorial, local, tribal, and foreign law, but with some qualification regarding foreign 
convictions as discussed below. 
A. Convictions Generally 
A "sex offender" as defined in SORNA § 111(1) is a person who was "convicted" of a 
sex offense. Hence, whether an individual has a sex offense "conviction" determines whether he 
or she is within the minimum categories for which the SORNA standards require registration. 
Because the SORNA registration requirements are predicated on convictions, registration 
(or continued registration) is normally not required under the SORNA standards if the predicate 
conviction is reversed, vacated, or set aside, or if the person is pardoned for the offense on the 
ground of innocence. This does not mean, however, that nominal changes or terminological 
variations that do not relieve a conviction of substantive effect negate the SORNA requirements. 
For example, the need to require registration would not be avoided by a jurisdiction's having a 
procedure under which the convictions of sex offenders in certain categories (e.g., young adult 
sex offenders who satisfy certain criteria) are referred to as something other than "convictions," 
or under which the convictions of such sex offenders may nominally be "vacated" or "set aside," 
but the sex offender is nevertheless required to serve what amounts to a criminal sentence for the 
offense. Rather, an adult sex offender is "convicted" for SORNA purposes if the sex offender 
remains subject to penal consequences based on the conviction, however it may be styled. 
Likewise, the sealing of a criminal record or other action that limits the publicity or availability 
of a conviction, but does not deprive it of continuing legal validity, does not change its status as a 
"conviction" for purposes of SORNA. 
EFTA00731559
--- PAGE 16 ---
"Convictions" for SORNA purposes include convictions of juveniles who are prosecuted 
as adults. It does not include juvenile delinquency adjudications, except under the circumstances 
specified in SORNA § 111(8). Section 111(8) provides that delinquency adjudications count as 
convictions "only if the offender is 14 years of age or older at the time of the offense and the 
offense adjudicated was comparable to or more severe than aggravated sexual abuse (as 
described in section 2241 of title 18, United States Code), or was an attempt or conspiracy to 
commit such an offense." 
Hence, SORNA does not require registration for juveniles adjudicated delinquent for all 
sex offenses for which an adult sex offender would be required to register, but rather requires 
registration only for a defined class of older juveniles who are adjudicated delinquent for 
committing particularly serious sexually assaultive crimes (or attempts or conspiracies to commit 
such crimes). Considering the relevant aspects of the federal "aggravated sexual abuse" offense 
referenced in section 111(8), it suffices for substantial implementation if a jurisdiction applies 
SORNA's requirements to juveniles at least 14 years old at the time of the offense who are 
adjudicated delinquent for committing (or attempting or conspiring to commit) offenses under 
laws that cover: 
• 
engaging in a sexual act with another by force or the threat of serious violence; or 
• 
engaging in a sexual act with another by rendering unconscious or involuntarily drugging 
the victim. 
"Sexual act" for this purpose should be understood to include any degree of genital or anal 
penetration, and any oral-genital or oral-anal contact. This follows from the relevant portions of 
the definition of sexual act in 18 U.S.C. 2246(2), which applies to the 18 U.S.C. 2241 
"aggravated sexual abuse" offense. (The summary of comments received on these Guidelines as 
initially proposed for public comment may be consulted for further explanation concerning this 
understanding of the requirements for substantial implementation of section 1 1 1(8).) 
As with other aspects of SORNA, the foregoing defines minimum standards. Hence, the 
inclusions and exclusions in the definition of "conviction" for purposes of SORNA do not 
constrain jurisdictions from requiring registration by additional individuals—e.g., more broadly 
defined categories of juveniles adjudicated delinquent for sex offenses-if they are so inclined. 
B. Foreign Convictions 
Section 111(5)(B) of SORNA instructs that registration need not be required on the basis 
of a foreign conviction if the conviction "was not obtained with sufficient safeguards for 
fundamental fairness and due process for the accused under guidelines or regulations established 
[by the Attorney General]." The following standards are adopted pursuant to section 111(5)(B): 
• 
Sex offense convictions under the laws of Canada, United Kingdom, Australia, and New 
Zealand are deemed to have been obtained with sufficient safeguards for fundamental 
fairness and due process, and registration must be required for such convictions on the 
EFTA00731560
--- PAGE 17 ---
same footing as domestic convictions. 
• 
Sex offense convictions under the laws of any foreign country are deemed to have been 
obtained with sufficient safeguards for fundamental fairness and due process if the U.S. 
State Department, in its Country Reports on Human Rights Practices, has concluded that 
an independent judiciary generally (or vigorously) enforced the right to a fair trial in that 
country during the year in which the conviction occurred. Registration must be required 
on the basis of such convictions on the same footing as domestic convictions. 
• 
With respect to sex offense convictions in foreign countries that do not satisfy the criteria 
stated above, a jurisdiction is not required to register the convicted person if the 
jurisdiction determines—through whatever process or procedure it may choose to 
adopt—that the conviction does not constitute a reliable indication of factual guilt 
because of the lack of an impartial tribunal, because of denial of the right to respond to 
the evidence against the person or to present exculpatory evidence, or because of denial 
of the right to the assistance of counsel. 
The foregoing standards do not mean that jurisdictions must incorporate these particular 
criteria or procedures into their registration systems. Jurisdictions may wish to register all 
foreign sex offense convicts, or to register such convicts with fewer qualifications or limitations 
than those allowed under the standards set forth above. The stated criteria only define the 
minimum categories of foreign convicts for whom registration is required for compliance with 
SORNA, and as is generally the case under SORNA, jurisdictions are free to require registration 
more broadly than the SORNA minimum. 
C. Sex Offenses Generally 
The general definition of sex offenses for which registration is required under the 
SORNA standards appears in section II1(5)(A). The clauses in the definition cover the 
following categories of offenses: 
• 
SEXUAL ACT AND SEXUAL CONTACT OFFENSES (§ 1 1 1 (5)(A)(i)): The first 
clause in the definition covers "a criminal offense that has an element involving a sexual 
act or sexual contact with another." ("Criminal offense" in the relevant sense refers to 
offenses under any body of criminal law, including state, local, tribal, foreign, military, 
and other offenses, as provided in section 111(6).) The offenses covered by this clause 
should be understood to include all sexual offenses whose elements involve: (i) any type 
or degree of genital, oral, or anal penetration, or (ii) any sexual touching of or contact 
with a person's body, either directly or through the clothing. Cf 18 U.S.C. 2246(2)-(3) 
(federal law definitions of sexual act and sexual contact). 
• 
SPECIFIED OFFENSES AGAINST MINORS (§ 111(5)(A)(ii)): The second clause in 
the definition covers "a criminal offense that is a specified offense against a minor." The 
statute provides a detailed definition of "specified offense against a minor" in section 
111(7), which is discussed separately below. 
EFTA00731561
--- PAGE 18 ---
• 
SPECIFIED FEDERAL OFFENSES (§ 111(5)(AXiii)): The third clause covers most 
sexual offenses under federal law. The clause identifies chapters and offense provisions 
in the federal criminal code by citation. 
• 
SPECIFIED MILITARY OFFENSES (§ 111(5)(A)(iv)): The fourth clause covers sex 
offenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice, as specified by the Secretary of 
Defense. 
• 
ATTEMPTS AND CONSPIRACIES (§ 111(5)(A)(v)): The final clause in the definition 
covers attempts and conspiracies to commit offenses that are otherwise covered by the 
definition of "sex offenses." This includes both offenses prosecuted under general 
attempt or conspiracy provisions, where the object offense falls under the SORNA "sex 
offense" definition, and particular offenses that are defined as, or in substance amount to, 
attempts or conspiracies to commit offenses that are otherwise covered. For example, in 
the latter category, a jurisdiction may define an offense of "assault with intent to commit 
rape." Whether or not the word "attempt" is used in the definition of the offense, this is 
in substance an offense that covers certain attempts to commit rapes and hence is covered 
under the final clause of the SORNA definition. 
SORNA § 111(5)(C) qualifies the foregoing definition of "sex offense" to exclude "[a]n 
offense involving consensual sexual conduct . . . if the victim was an adult, unless the adult was 
under the custodial authority of the offender at the time of the offense, or if the victim was at 
least 13 years old and the offender was not more than 4 years older than the victim." The general 
exclusion with respect to consensual sexual offenses involving adult victims means, for example, 
that a jurisdiction does not have to require registration based on prostitution offenses that consist 
of the offender paying or receiving payment from an adult for a sexual act between them (unless 
the victim is under the custodial authority of the offender). The exclusion for certain cases 
involving child victims based on victim age and age difference means that a jurisdiction may not 
have to require registration in some cases based on convictions under provisions that prohibit 
sexual acts or contact (even if consensual) with underage persons. For example, under the laws 
of some jurisdictions, an 18-year-old may be criminally liable for engaging in consensual sex 
with a 15-year-old. The jurisdiction would not have to require registration in such a case to 
comply with the SORNA standards, since the victim was at least 13 and the offender was not 
more than four years older. 
D. Specified Offenses Against Minors 
The offenses for which registration is required under the SORNA standards include any 
"specified offense against a minor" as defined in section 111(7). The SORNA § 111(7) 
definition of specified offense against a minor covers any offense against a minor—i.e., a person 
under the age of 18, as provided in section 1 1 1 (14)—that involves any of the following: 
• 
KIDNAPPING OR FALSE IMPRISONMENT OF A MINOR (§ 111(7)(A)-(B)): These 
clauses cover "[a]it offense (unless committed by a parent or guardian) involving 
kidnapping [of a minor]" and "[a]n offense (unless committed by a parent or guardian) 
EFTA00731562
--- PAGE 19 ---
involving false imprisonment [of a minor]." The relevant offenses are those whose 
gravamen is abduction or unlawful restraint of a person, which go by different names in 
different jurisdictions, such as "kidnapping," "criminal restraint," or "false 
imprisonment." Jurisdictions can implement the offense coverage requirement of these 
clauses by requiring registration for persons convicted of offenses of this type (however 
designated) whose victims were below the age of 18. It is left to jurisdictions' discretion 
under these clauses whether registration should be required for such offenses in cases 
where the offender is a parent or guardian of the victim. 
• 
SOLICITATION OF A MINOR TO ENGAGE IN SEXUAL CONDUCT (§ 1 1 1 (7)(C)): 
This clause covers "[s]olicitation [of a minor] to engage in sexual conduct." 
"Solicitation" under this clause and other SORNA provisions that use the term should be 
understood broadly to include any direction, request, enticement, persuasion, or 
encouragement of a minor to engage in sexual conduct. "Sexual conduct" should be 
understood to refer to any sexual activity involving physical contact. (See the discussion 
later in this list of "criminal sexual conduct" under section II1(7)(H).) Hence, 
jurisdictions can implement the offense coverage requirement under this clause by 
requiring registration, in cases where the victim was below the age of 18, based on: 
o 
any conviction for an offense involving solicitation of the victim under a general 
attempt or solicitation provision, where the elements of the object offense include 
sexual activity involving physical contact, and 
o 
any conviction for an offense involving solicitation of the victim under any 
provision defining a particular crime whose elements include soliciting or 
attempting to engage in sexual activity involving physical contact. 
• 
USE OF A MINOR IN A SEXUAL PERFORMANCE (§ 111(7)(D)): This clause covers 
offenses involving "[u]se [of a minor] in a sexual performance." That includes both live 
performances and using minors in the production of pornography, and has some overlap 
with section 111(7)(G), which expressly covers child pornography offenses. 
• 
SOLICITATION OF A MINOR TO PRACTICE PROSTITUTION (§ 1 1 1 (7)(E)): This 
clause covers offenses involving "[s]olicitation [of a minor] to practice prostitution." 
Jurisdictions can implement the offense coverage requirement under this clause by 
requiring registration, in cases where the victim was below the age of 18, based on: 
o 
any conviction for an offense involving solicitation of the victim under a general 
attempt or solicitation provision, where the object offense is a prostitution offense, 
and 
o 
any conviction for an offense involving solicitation of the victim under any 
provision defining a particular crime whose elements include soliciting or 
attempting to get a person to engage in prostitution. 
EFTA00731563
--- PAGE 20 ---
• 
VIDEO VOYEURISM INVOLVING A MINOR (§ Ill (7XF)): This clause covers 
"[v]ideo voyeurism as described in section 1801 of title 18, United States Code [against a 
minor]." The cited federal offense in essence covers capturing the image of a private area 
of another person's body, where the victim has a reasonable expectation of privacy 
against such conduct. Jurisdictions can implement the offense coverage requirement 
under this clause by requiring registration for offenses of this type, in cases where the 
victim was below the age of 18. 
• 
POSSESSION, PRODUCTION, OR DISTRIBUTION OF CHILD PORNOGRAPHY 
(§ 111(7)(G)): This clause covers "possession, production, or distribution of child 
pornography." Jurisdictions can implement the offense coverage requirement under this 
clause by requiring registration for offenses whose gravamen is creating or participating 
in the creation of sexually explicit visual depictions of persons below the age of 18, 
making such depictions available to others, or having or receiving such depictions. 
• 
CRIMINAL SEXUAL CONDUCT INVOLVING A MINOR AND RELATED 
INTERNET ACTIVITIES (§ 1 1 1 (7)(H)): This clause covers "[c]riminal sexual conduct 
involving a minor, or the use of the Internet to facilitate or attempt such conduct." The 
definition has two parts: 
o 
The "criminal sexual conduct involving a minor" language in this definition 
covers sexual offenses whose elements involve physical contact with the victim—
such as provisions defining crimes of "rape," "sexual assault," "sexual abuse," or 
"incest"—in cases where the victim was below 18 at the time of the offense. In 
addition, it covers offenses whose elements involve using other persons in 
prostitution—such as provisions defining crimes of "pandering," "procuring," or 
"pimping"—in cases where the victim was below 18 at the time of the offense. 
Coverage is not limited to cases where the victim's age is an element of the 
offense, such as prosecution for specially defined child molestation or child 
prostitution offenses. Jurisdictions can implement the offense coverage 
requirement under the "criminal sexual conduct involving a minor" language of 
this clause by requiring registration for "criminal sexual conduct" offenses as 
described above whenever the victim was in fact below the age of 18 at the time 
of the offense. (Section II1(7)(C) and (E) separately require coverage of offenses 
involving solicitation of a minor to engage in sexual conduct or to practice 
prostitution, but registration must be required for offenses involving sexual 
conduct with a minor or the use of a minor in prostitution in light of section 
II1(7)(H), whether or not the offense involves "solicitation" of the victim.) 
o 
Jurisdictions can implement the "use of the Internet to facilitate or attempt such 
conduct" part of this definition by requiring registration for offenses that involve 
use of the Internet in furtherance of criminal sexual conduct involving a minor as 
defined above, such as attempting to lure minors through Internet communications 
for the purpose of sexual activity. 
EFTA00731564
--- PAGE 21 ---
• 
CONDUCT BY ITS NATURE A SEX OFFENSE AGAINST A MINOR (§ 111(7XI)): 
The final clause covers "[a]ny conduct that by its nature is a sex offense against a minor." 
It is intended to ensure coverage of convictions under statutes defining sexual offenses in 
which the status of the victim as a minor is an element of an offense, such as specially 
defined child molestation or child prostitution offenses, and other offenses prohibiting 
sexual activity with underage persons. Jurisdictions can comply with the offense 
coverage requirement under this clause by including convictions for such offenses in their 
registration requirements. 
E. Protected Witnesses 
The requirement that jurisdictions substantially implement SORNA does not preclude 
their taking measures needed to protect the security of individuals who have been provided new 
identities and relocated under the federal witness security program (see 18 U.S.C. 3521 et seq.) 
or under other comparable witness security programs operated by non-federal jurisdictions. A 
jurisdiction may conclude that it is necessary to exclude an individual afforded protection in such 
a program from its sex offender registry or from public notification for security reasons, though 
the individual otherwise satisfies the criteria for registration and notification under SORNA. 
Alternatively, the jurisdiction may choose not to waive registration but may identify the registrant 
in the registration system records only by his or her new identity or data, if such modifications 
can be so devised that they are not transparent and do not permit the registrant's original identity 
or participation in a witness security program to be inferred. Jurisdictions are permitted and 
encouraged to make provision in their laws and procedures to accommodate consideration of the 
security of such individuals and to honor requests from the United States Marshals Service and 
other agencies responsible for witness protection in order to ensure that their original identities 
are not compromised. 
With respect to witnesses afforded federal protection, 18 U.S.C. 3521(b)(1)(H) 
specifically authorizes the Attorney General to "protect the confidentiality of the identity and 
location of persons subject to registration requirements as convicted offenders under Federal or 
State law, including prescribing alternative procedures to those otherwise provided by Federal or 
State law for registration and tracking of such persons." U.S. Department of Justice Witness 
Security Program officials accordingly determine on a case-by-case basis whether such witnesses 
will be required to register, and if registration occurs, whether it will utilize new identities, 
modified data, or other special conditions or procedures that are warranted to avoid jeopardizing 
the safety of the protected witnesses. 
V. 
CLASSES OF SEX OFFENDERS 
Section 111(2)-(4) of SORNA defines three "tiers" of sex offenders. The tier 
classifications have implications in three areas: (i) under section 115, the required duration of 
registration depends primarily on the tier; (ii) under section 116, the required frequency of in-
person appearances by sex offenders to verify registration information depends on the tier; and 
(iii) under section 118(c)(1), information about tier I sex offenders convicted of offenses other 
than specified offenses against a minor may be exempted from website disclosure. 
EFTA00731565
--- PAGE 22 ---
The use of the "tier classifications in SORNA relates to substance, not form or 
terminology. Thus, to implement the SORNA requirements, jurisdictions do not have to label 
their sex offenders as "tier I," "tier II," and "tier III," and do not have to adopt any other 
particular approach to labeling or categorization of sex offenders. Rather, the SORNA 
requirements are met so long as sex offenders who satisfy the SORNA criteria for placement in a 
particular tier are consistently subject to at least the duration of registration, frequency of in-
person appearances for verification, and extent of website disclosure that SORNA requires for 
that tier. 
For example, suppose that a jurisdiction decides to subject all sex offenders to lifetime 
registration, quarterly verification appearances, and full website posting as described in Part VII 
of these Guidelines. That would meet the SORNA requirements with respect to sex offenders 
satisfying the "tier III" criteria, and exceed the minimum required by SORNA with respect to sex 
offenders satisfying the "tier II" or "tier I" criteria. Hence, such a jurisdiction would be able to 
implement the SORNA requirements with respect to all sex offenders without any labeling or 
categorization, and without having to assess individual registrants against the tier criteria in the 
SORNA definitions. Likewise, any other approach a jurisdiction may devise is acceptable if it 
ensures that sex offenders satisfying the criteria for each SORNA tier are subject to duration of 
registration, appearance frequency, and website disclosure requirements that meet or exceed 
those SORNA requires for the tier. 
Turning to the specific tier definitions, SORNA § 111(2) defines "tier I sex offender" to 
mean "a sex offender other than a tier II or tier III sex offender." Thus, tier I is a residual class 
that includes all sex offenders who do not satisfy the criteria for tier II or tier III. For example, 
tier I includes a sex offender whose registration offense is not punishable by imprisonment for 
more than one year, a sex offender whose registration offense is the receipt or possession of child 
pornography, and a sex offender whose registration offense is a sexual assault against an adult 
that involves sexual contact but not a completed or attempted sexual act. (With respect to the 
last-mentioned category, a sexual assault involving a completed or attempted sexual act would 
generally result in a tier III classification, as discussed below in connection with SORNA 
§ 111(4)(A)(i)), but the offense coverage specifications for tier H and tier III do not otherwise 
provide a basis for higher classification of sexual contact or touching offenses involving adult 
victims.) 
The defmitions of tier H and tier HI—in section 111(3) and 111(4) respectively—are both 
limited to cases in which the offense for which the sex offender is required to register "is 
punishable by imprisonment for more than 1 year." This means that the statutory maximum 
penalty possible for the offense exceeds one year. It does not mean that inclusion in these tiers is 
limited to cases in which the sex offender is actually sentenced to more than a year of 
imprisonment. 
Because the definitions of tier II and tier III are limited to certain offenses punishable by 
imprisonment for more than one year, and federal law does not permit imprisonment for more 
than one year based on Indian tribal court convictions, all tribal court convictions are tier I 
offenses. However, sex offenses prosecuted in tribal courts may be serious crimes that would 
EFTA00731566
--- PAGE 23 ---
typically cant' higher penalties if prosecuted in non-tribal jurisdictions. As the incidents of the 
tier classifications under SORNA only define minimum standards, tribal jurisdictions and other 
jurisdictions are free to premise more extensive registration and notification requirements on 
tribal court convictions than the minimum SORNA requires for tier I offenders, and may wish to 
do so considering the substantive nature of the offense or other factors. 
Regardless of which jurisdiction convicts the sex offender, the requirements with respect 
to the potential length of imprisonment under the statute relate to individual offenses rather than 
to aggregate penalties. For example, suppose that a sex offender is charged in three counts with 
the commission of sex offenses each of which is punishable by at most one year of 
imprisonment, and upon conviction is sentenced to three consecutive terms of six months of 
incarceration. Though the aggregate penalty is 18 months, these convictions do not place the sex 
offender above tier I, because each offense was not punishable by more than one year of 
imprisonment. 
The classification of sex offenders as tier II or tier III under SORNA depends in part on 
the nature of the offense for which the sex offender is required to register. In assessing whether 
the offense satisfies the criteria for tier II or tier III classification, jurisdictions generally may 
premise the determination on the elements of the offense, and are not required to look to 
underlying conduct that is not reflected in the offense of conviction. However, where the tier 
classification depends on commission of an offense against a victim who is below a certain age, 
the requirement to give weight to this factor (victim age) is not limited to cases involving 
convictions for offenses whose elements specify that the victim must be below that age. Rather, 
the requirement applies as well in cases in which the offender is convicted of a more generally 
defined offense that may be committed against victims of varying ages, if the victim was in fact 
below the relevant age. For example, in a case in which the sex offender was convicted of a 
generally defined "sexual contact" offense, whose elements include no specification as to victim 
age, tier II treatment is required if the victim was in fact below 18 (SORNA § 111(3)(A)(iv)), and 
tier III treatment is required if the victim was in fact below 13 (SORNA § 111(4XA)(ii)). 
Beyond the requirement of an offense punishable by imprisonment for more than one 
year, the specific offense-related criteria for tier II are that the registration offense falls within 
one of two lists. In general terms, these lists cover most sexual abuse or exploitation offenses 
against minors. (Here as elsewhere in SORNA, "minor" means a person under the age of 
—see SORNA § 111(14).) The first list, appearing in section 111(3)(A), covers offenses 
committed against minors that are comparable to or more severe than a number of cited federal 
offenses—those under 18 U.S.C. 1591, 2422(b), 2423(a), and 2244—and attempts and 
conspiracies to commit such offenses. The second list, appearing in section II1(3)(B), covers 
use of a minor in a sexual performance, solicitation of a minor to practice prostitution, and 
production or distribution of child pornography. Determining whether a jurisdiction's offenses 
satisfy the criteria for this tier is simplified by recognizing that the various cited and described 
offenses essentially cover: 
• 
offenses involving the use of minors in prostitution, and inchoate or preparatory offenses 
(including attempts, conspiracies, and solicitations) that are directed to the commission of 
EFTA00731567
--- PAGE 24 ---
such offenses; 
• 
offenses against minors involving sexual contact—i.e., any sexual touching of or contact 
with the intimate parts of the body, either directly or through the clothing—and inchoate 
or preparatory offenses (including attempts, conspiracies, and solicitations) that are 
directed to the commission of such offenses; 
• 
offenses involving use of a minor in a sexual performance; and 
• 
offenses involving the production or distribution of child pornography, i.e., offenses 
whose gravamen is creating or participating in the creation of sexually explicit visual 
depictions of minors or making such depictions available to others. 
Hence, jurisdictions can implement the relevant SORNA requirements by according "tier 
II" treatment to sex offenders convicted of offenses of these four types. 
The corresponding offense coverage specifications for "tier III" in section 111(4)(A)-(B) 
cover offenses punishable by more than one year of imprisonment in the following categories: 
• 
Offenses comparable to or more severe than aggravated sexual abuse or sexual abuse as 
described in 18 U.S.C. 2241 and 2242, or an attempt or conspiracy to commit such an 
offense (see SORNA § 111(4)(A)(i)). Considering the definitions of the cited federal 
offenses, comparable offenses under the laws of other jurisdictions would be those that 
cover: 
o 
engaging in a sexual act with another by force or threat (see 18 U.S.C. 2241(a), 
2242(1)); 
o 
engaging in a sexual act with another who has been rendered unconscious or 
involuntarily drugged, or who is otherwise incapable of appraising the nature of 
the conduct or declining to participate (see 18 U.S.C. 2241(b), 2242(2)); or 
o 
engaging in a sexual act with a child under the age of 12 (see 18 U.S.C. 2241(c)). 
Considering the related definition in 18 U.S.C. 2246(2), "sexual act" for this purpose 
would include: (i) oral-genital or oral-anal contact, (ii) any degree of genital or anal 
penetration, and (iii) direct genital touching of a child under the age of 16. 
• 
Offenses against a minor below the age of 13 that are comparable to or more severe than 
abusive sexual contact as defined in 18 U.S.C. 2244, or an attempt or conspiracy to 
commit such an offense (see SORNA § 111(4)(A)(ii)). Considering the definitions of the 
federal offenses in 18 U.S.C. 2244 and the related definition in 18 U.S.C. 2246(3), 
comparable offenses under the laws of other jurisdictions would be those that cover 
sexual touching of or contact with the intimate parts of the body, either directly or 
through the clothing, where the victim is under 13. 
EFTA00731568
--- PAGE 25 ---
• 
Kidnapping of a minor (unless committed by a parent or guardian). 
Hence, jurisdictions can implement the relevant SORNA requirements by according "tier 
III" treatment to sex offenders convicted of offenses of these three types. 
In addition to including criteria relating to the nature of the registration offense, the 
definitions of tier II and tier III accord significance to a registrant's history of recidivism. 
Specifically, section 111(3)(C) places in tier II any sex offender whose registration offense is 
punishable by imprisonment for more than one year, where that offense "occurs after the offender 
becomes a tier I sex offender." Thus, any sex offender whose registration offense is punishable 
by more than one year of imprisonment who has a prior sex offense conviction is at least in tier 
II. Likewise, section 111(4)(C) places in tier III any sex offender whose registration offense is 
punishable by imprisonment for more than one year, where that offense "occurs after the offender 
becomes a tier II sex offender." Thus, any sex offender whose registration offense is punishable 
by more than one year of imprisonment, and who at the time of that offense already satisfied the 
criteria for inclusion in tier II, is in tier III. 
In determining tier enhancements based on recidivism, prior convictions must be taken 
into account regardless of when they occurred, including convictions occurring prior to the 
enactment of SORNA or its implementation in a particular jurisdiction. For example, consider 
an individual who was previously convicted for committing a sexual contact offense (punishable 
by more than a year of imprisonment) against a 13-year-old victim in 2000, and who is 
subsequently convicted for committing a sexual contact offense (punishable by more than a year 
of imprisonment) against a 14-year-old victim in 2010. While the later offense would not in 
itself support tier III classification on the basis of section 111(4XA)(ii), since the victim was not 
below 13, tier III treatment would nevertheless be required on the ground of recidivism, since the 
earlier offense satisfied the criterion for tier II classification under section 1 1 1 (3)(A)(iv). It may 
not always be possible, however, to obtain a complete record of an offender's prior convictions, 
particularly when they occurred many years or decades ago, and available criminal history 
information may be uninformative as to factors such as victim age that can affect the SORNA tier 
classification. Jurisdictions may rely on the methods and standards they normally use in 
searching criminal records and on the information appearing in the records so obtained in 
assessing SORNA tier enhancements based on recidivism. 
In applying the SORNA tier definitions, it should be kept in mind that their significance 
under SORNA is in determining the extent of registration and notification requirements for 
offenders within the SORNA registration categories, and that they do not constitute independent 
requirements for jurisdictions to register offenders for whom SORNA does not otherwise require 
registration. In particular, the class of juvenile delinquents who are required to register under 
SORNA is defined by section 111(8), a class that is narrower in a number of respects than the 
class of offenders who satisfy the criteria for tier III classification under section 111(4). (See the 
discussion of section 111(8) in Part IV.A of these Guidelines above.) Hence, a juvenile 
delinquent's satisfaction of the criteria for tier III classification under section 111(4) does not in 
itself mean that a jurisdiction must require the juvenile to register in order to comply with 
EFTA00731569
--- PAGE 26 ---
SORNA. Rather, that is only the case if the juvenile satisfies the criteria for required registration 
of juvenile delinquents under section 111(8). 
VI. 
REQUIRED REGISTRATION INFORMATION 
Section 114 of SORNA defines the required minimum informational content of sex 
offender registries. It is divided into two lists. The first list, set forth in subsection (a) of section 
114, describes information that the registrant will normally be in a position to provide. The 
second list, set forth in subsection (b), describes information that is likely to require some 
affirmative action by the jurisdiction to obtain, beyond asking the sex offender for the 
information. Supplementary to the information that the statute explicitly describes, section 
114(a)(7) and (b)(8) authorize the Attorney General to specify additional information that must 
be obtained and included in the registry. This expansion authority is utilized to require including 
in the registries a number of additional types of information, such as information about 
registrants' e-mail addresses, telephone numbers, and the like, information concerning the 
whereabouts of registrants who lack fixed abodes or definite places of employment, and 
information about temporary lodging, as discussed below. 
Whether a type of information must be obtained by a jurisdiction and included in its sex 
offender registry is a distinct question from whether the jurisdiction must make that information 
available to the public. Many of the informational items whose inclusion in the registry is 
required by section 114 and these Guidelines are not subject to a public disclosure requirement 
under SORNA, and some are exempt from public disclosure on a mandatory basis. The public 
disclosure requirements under SORNA and exceptions thereto are explained in Part VII of these 
Guidelines. 
In order to implement requirements for the sharing of registration information appearing 
in other sections of SORNA (sections 113(c), 119(b), 121(b)—see Parts VII and X of these 
Guidelines for discussion), jurisdictions will need to maintain all required registration 
information in digitized form that will enable it to be immediately accessed by or transmitted to 
various entities. Hence, the jurisdiction's registry must be an electronic database, and 
descriptions of required types of information in section 114 should consistently be understood as 
referring to digitizable information rather than hard copies or physical objects. This does not 
mean, however, that all required registration information must be reproduced in a single 
segregated database, since the same effect may be achieved by including in the central registry 
database links or identification numbers that provide access to the information in other databases 
in which it is included (e.g., with respect to criminal history, fingerprint, and DNA information). 
These points are further discussed in connection with the relevant informational items. 
As with SORNA's requirements generally, the informational requirements of section 114 
and these Guidelines define a floor, not a ceiling, for jurisdictions' registries. Hence, 
jurisdictions are free to obtain and include in their registries a broader range of information than 
the minimum requirements described in this Part. 
The required minimum informational content for sex offender registries is as follows: 
EFTA00731570
--- PAGE 27 ---
• 
NAME, ALIASES, AND REMOTE COMMUNICATION IDENTIFIERS AND 
ADDRESSES (§ 114(a)(1), (a)(7)): 
o 
NAMES AND ALIASES (§ 114(a)(1)): The registry must include "[t]he name of 
the sex offender (including any alias used by the individual)." The names and 
aliases required by this provision include, in addition to registrants' primary or 
given names, nicknames and pseudonyms generally, regardless of the context in 
which they are used, any designations or monikers used for self-identification in 
Internet communications or postings, and ethnic or tribal names by which they are 
commonly known. 
o 
INTERNET IDENTIFIERS AND ADDRESSES (§ 114(a)(7)): In the context of 
Internet communications there may be no clear line between names or aliases that 
are required to be registered under SORNA § 114(a)(1) and addresses that are 
used for routing purposes. Moreover, regardless of the label, including in 
registries information on designations used by sex offenders for purposes of 
routing or self-identification in Internet communications—e.g., e-mail and instant 
messaging addresses—serves the underlying purposes of sex offender registration 
and notification. Among other potential uses, having this information may help in 
investigating crimes committed online by registered sex offenders-such as 
attempting to lure children or trafficking in child pornography through the 
Internet—and knowledge by sex offenders that their Internet identifiers are known 
to the authorities may help to discourage them from engaging in such criminal 
activities. The authority under section 114(a)(7) is accordingly exercised to 
require that the information included in the registries must include all designations 
used by sex offenders for purposes of routing or self-identification in Internet 
communications or postings. 
o 
TELEPHONE NUMBERS (§ 114(a)(7)): Requiring sex offenders to provide 
their telephone numbers (both for fixed location phones and cell phones) furthers 
the objectives of sex offender registration. One obvious purpose in having such 
information is to facilitate communication between registration personnel and a 
sex offender in case issues arise relating to the sex offender's registration. 
Moreover, as communications technology advances, the boundaries blur between 
text-based and voice-based communications media. Telephone calls may be 
transmitted through the Internet. Text messages may be sent between cell phones. 
Regardless of the particular communication medium, and regardless of whether 
the communication involves text or voice, sex offenders may potentially utilize 
remote communications in efforts to contact or lure potential victims. Hence, 
including phone numbers in the registration information may help in investigating 
crimes committed by registrants that involved telephonic communication with the 
victim, and knowledge that their phone numbers are known to the authorities may 
help sex offenders to resist the temptation to commit crimes by this means. The 
authority under section 114(a)(7) is accordingly exercised to require that the 
information included in the registries must include sex offenders' telephone 
EFTA00731571
--- PAGE 28 ---
numbers and any other designations used by sex offenders for purposes of routing 
or self-identification in telephonic communications. 
• 
SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER (§ 114(a)(2), (a)(7)): The registry must include "[t]he 
Social Security number of the sex offender." In addition to any valid Social Security 
number issued to the registrant by the government, the information the jurisdiction 
requires registrants to provide under this heading must include any number that the 
registrant uses as his or her purported Social Security number since registrants may, for 
example, attempt to use false Social Security numbers in seeking employment that would 
provide access to children. To the extent that purported (as opposed to actual) Social 
Security numbers may be beyond the scope of the information required by section 
114(a)(2), the authority under section 114(a)(7) is exercised to require that information on 
such purported numbers be obtained and included in the registry as well. 
• 
RESIDENCE, LODGING, AND TRAVEL INFORMATION (§ 114(a)(3), (a)(7)): 
o 
RESIDENCE ADDRESS (§ 114(a)(3)): The registry must include "the address of 
each residence at which the sex offender resides or will reside." As provided in 
SORNA § 111(13), residence refers to "the location of the individual's home or 
other place where the individual habitually lives." (For more as to the meaning of 
"resides" under SORNA, see Part VIII of these Guidelines.) The statute refers to 
places in which the sex offender "will reside" so as to cover situations in which, 
for example, a sex offender is initially being registered prior to release from 
imprisonment, and hence is not yet residing in the place or location to which he or 
she expects to go following release. 
o 
OTHER RESIDENCE INFORMATION (§ 114(a)(7)): Sex offenders who lack 
fixed abodes are nevertheless required to register in the jurisdictions in which they 
reside, as discussed in Part VIII of these Guidelines. Such sex offenders cannot 
provide the residence address required by section 114(a)(3) because they have no 
definite "address" at which they live. Nevertheless, some more or less specific 
description should normally be obtainable concerning the place or places where 
such a sex offender habitually lives—e.g., information about a certain part of a 
city that is the sex offender's habitual locale, a park or spot on the street (or a 
number of such places) where the sex offender stations himself during the day or 
sleeps at night, shelters among which the sex offender circulates, or places in 
public buildings, restaurants, libraries, or other establishments that the sex 
offender frequents. Having this type of location information serves the same 
public safety purposes as knowing the whereabouts of sex offenders with definite 
residence addresses. Hence, the authority under SORNA § 114(a)(7) is exercised 
to require that information be obtained about where sex offenders who lack fixed 
abodes habitually live with whatever definiteness is possible under the 
circumstances. Likewise, in relation to sex offenders who lack a residence 
address for any other reason—e.g., a sex offender who lives in a house in a rural 
or tribal area that has no street address—the registry must include information that 
EFTA00731572
--- PAGE 29 ---
identifies where the individual has his or her home or habitually lives. 
o 
TEMPORARY LODGING INFORMATION (§ 114(a)(7)): Sex offenders who 
reoffend may commit new offenses at locations away from the places in which 
they have a permanent or long-term presence. Indeed, to the extent that 
information about sex offenders' places of residence is available to the authorities, 
but information is lacking concerning their temporary lodging elsewhere, the 
relative attractiveness to sex offenders of molesting children or committing other 
sexual crimes while traveling or visiting away from home increases. Hence, to 
achieve the objectives of sex offender registration, it is valuable to have 
information about other places in which sex offenders are staying, even if only 
temporarily. The authority under SORNA § 114(a)(7) is accordingly exercised to 
provide that jurisdictions must require sex offenders to provide information about 
any place in which the sex offender is staying when away from his residence for 
seven or more days, including identifying the place and the period of time the sex 
offender is staying there. The benefits of having this information include 
facilitating the successful investigation of crimes committed by sex offenders 
while away from their normal places of residence, employment, or school 
attendance, and decreasing the attractiveness to sex offenders of committing 
crimes in such circumstances. 
o 
TRAVEL AND IMMIGRATION DOCUMENTS (§ 114(a)(7)): The authority 
under SORNA § 114(a)(7) is exercised to provide that registrants must be 
required to produce or provide information about their passports, if they have 
passports, and that registrants who are aliens must be required to produce or 
provide information about documents establishing their immigration status. The 
registry must include digitized copies of these documents, document type and 
number information for such documents, or links to another database or databases 
that contain such information. Having this type of information in the registries 
serves various purposes, including helping to locate and apprehend registrants 
who may attempt to leave the United States after committing new sex offenses or 
registration violations; facilitating the tracking and identification of registrants 
who leave the United States but later reenter while still required to register (see 
SORNA § 128); and crosschecking the accuracy and completeness of other types 
of information that registrants are required to provide—e.g., if immigration 
documents show that an alien registrant is in the United States on a student visa 
but the registrant fails to provide information concerning the school attended as 
required by SORNA § 114(a)(5). 
• 
EMPLOYMENT INFORMATION (§ 114(a)(4), (a)(7)): 
o 
EMPLOYER NAME AND ADDRESS (§ 114(a)(4)): The registry must include 
"[tjhe name and address of any place where the sex offender is an employee or 
will be an employee." SORNA § 111(12) explains that "employee" includes "an 
individual who is self-employed or works for any other entity, whether 
EFTA00731573
--- PAGE 30 ---
compensated or not." As the definitional provisions indicate, the information 
required under this heading is not limited to information relating to compensated 
work or a regular occupation, but includes as well name and address information 
for any place where the registrant works as a volunteer or otherwise works 
without remuneration. The statute refers to places in which the sex offender "will 
be an employee" so as to cover, for example, cases in which a sex offender is 
initially being registered prior to release from imprisonment and has secured 
employment that will commence upon his release, and other circumstances in 
which a sex offender reports an initiation or change of employment to a 
jurisdiction before the new employment commences. It does not mean that 
jurisdictions must include in their registries merely speculative information sex 
offenders have provided about places they may work in the future. 
o 
OTHER EMPLOYMENT INFORMATION (§ 114(a)(7)): A sex offender who is 
employed may not have a fixed place of employment—e.g., a long-haul trucker 
whose "workplace" is roads and highways throughout the country, a self-
employed handyman who works out of his home and does repair or home-
improvement work at other people's homes, or a person who frequents sites that 
contractors visit to obtain day labor and works for whatever contractor hires him 
on a given day. Knowing as far as possible where such a sex offender is in the 
course of employment serves the same public safety purposes as the 
corresponding information regarding a sex offender who is employed at a fixed 
location. The authority under section 114(aX7) is accordingly exercised to require 
that information be obtained and included in the registry concerning the places 
where such a sex offender works with whatever definiteness is possible under the 
circumstances, such as information about normal travel routes or the general 
area(s) in which the sex offender works. 
o 
PROFESSIONAL LICENSES (§ 114(a)(7)): The authority under section 
114(a)(7) is exercised to require that information be obtained and included in the 
registry concerning all licensing of the registrant that authorizes the registrant to 
engage in an occupation or carry out a trade or business. Information of this type 
may be helpful in locating the registrant if he or she absconds, may provide a basis 
for notifying the responsible licensing authority if the registrant's conviction of a 
sex offense may affect his or her eligibility for the license, and may be useful in 
crosschecking the accuracy and completeness of other information the registrant is 
required to provide—e.g., if the registrant is licensed to engage in a certain 
occupation but does not provide name or place of employment information as 
required by section 114(a)(4) for such an occupation. 
• 
SCHOOL INFORMATION (§ 114(a)(5)): The registry must include "[t]he name and 
address of any place where the sex offender is a student or will be a student." Section 
111(11) defines "student" to mean "an individual who enrolls in or attends an educational 
institution, including (whether public or private) a secondary school, trade or professional 
school, and institution of higher education." As the statutory definition indicates, the 
EFTA00731574
--- PAGE 31 ---
requirement extends to all types of educational institutions. Hence, this information must 
be provided for private schools as well as public schools, including both parochial and 
non-parochial private schools, and regardless of whether the educational institution is 
attended for purposes of secular, religious, or cultural studies. The registration 
information requirement of section 114(aX5) refers to the names and addresses of 
educational institutions where a sex offender has or will have a physical presence as a 
student. It does not require information about a sex offender's participating in courses 
only remotely through the mail or the Internet. (Internet identifiers and addresses used by 
a sex offender in such remote communications, however, must be included in the 
registration information as provided in the discussion of "INTERNET IDENTIFIERS 
AND ADDRESSES" earlier in this list.) As with residence and employment information, 
the statute refers to information about places the sex offender "will be" a student so as to 
cover, for example, circumstances in which a sex offender reports to a jurisdiction that he 
has enrolled in a school prior to his commencement of attendance at that school. It does 
not mean that jurisdictions must include in their registries merely speculative information 
sex offenders have provided about places they may attend school in the future. 
• 
VEHICLE INFORMATION (§ I14(a)(6), (a)(7)): The registry must include "[t]he 
license plate number and a description of any vehicle owned or operated by the sex 
offender." This includes, in addition to vehicles registered to the sex offender, any 
vehicle that the sex offender regularly drives, either for personal use or in the course of 
employment. A sex offender may not regularly use a particular vehicle or vehicles in the 
course of employment, but may have access to a large number of vehicles for 
employment purposes, such as using many vehicles from an employer's fleet in a delivery 
job. In a case of this type, jurisdictions are not required to obtain information concerning 
all such vehicles to satisfy SORNA's minimum informational requirements, but 
jurisdictions are free to require such information if they are so inclined. The authority 
under § 114(a)(7) is exercised to define and expand the required information concerning 
vehicles in two additional respects. First, the term "vehicle" should be understood to 
include watercraft and aircraft, in addition to land vehicles, so descriptive information 
must be required for all such vehicles owned or operated by the sex offender. The 
information must include the license plate number if it is a type of vehicle for which 
license plates are issued, or if it has no license plate but does have some other type of 
registration number or identifier, then information concerning such a registration number 
or identifier must be included. To the extent that any of the information described above 
may be beyond the scope of section I I4(a)(6), the authority under section 114(a)(7) is 
exercised to provide that it must be obtained and included in the registry. Second, the sex 
offender must be required to provide and the registry must include information 
concerning the place or places where the registrant's vehicle or vehicles are habitually 
parked, docked, or otherwise kept. Having information of this type may help to prevent 
flight, facilitate investigation, or effect an apprehension if the registrant is implicated in 
the commission of new offenses or violates registration requirements. 
• 
DATE OF BIRTH (§ 114(a)(7)). The authority under § 114(a)(7) is exercised to require 
date of birth information for registrants, which must be included in the registry. Since 
EFTA00731575
--- PAGE 32 ---
date of birth is regularly utilized as part of an individual's basic identification 
information, having this information in the registry is of obvious value in helping to 
identify, track, and locate registrants. The information the jurisdiction requires registrants 
to provide under this heading must include any date that the registrant uses as his or her 
purported date of birth—not just his or her actual date of birth—since registrants may, for 
example, provide false date of birth information in seeking employment that would 
provide access to children. 
• 
PHYSICAL DESCRIPTION (§ 114(b)(1)): The registry must include "[a] physical 
description of the sex offender." This must include a description of the general physical 
appearance or characteristics of the sex offender, and any identifying marks, such as scars 
or tattoos. 
• 
TEXT OF REGISTRATION OFFENSE (§ 114(b)(2)): The registry must include "[t]he 
text of the provision of law defining a criminal offense for which the sex offender is 
registered." As with other information in the registries, this does not mean that the 
registry must be a paper records system that includes a hard copy of the statute defining 
the registration offense. Rather, the registry must be an electronic database, and the 
relevant statutory provision must be included as electronic text. Alternatively, this 
requirement can be satisfied by including in the central registry database a link or citation 
to the statute defining the registration offense if: (i) doing so provides online access to the 
linked or cited provision, and (ii) the link or citation will continue to provide access to the 
offense as formulated at the time the registrant was convicted of it, even if the defining 
statute is subsequently amended. 
• 
CRIMINAL HISTORY AND OTHER CRIMINAL JUSTICE INFORMATION 
(§ 114(bX3)): The registry must include "[t]he criminal history of the sex offender, 
including the date of all arrests and convictions; the status of parole, probation, or 
supervised release; registration status [i.e., whether the sex offender is in violation of the 
registration requirement and unlocatable]; and the existence of any outstanding arrest 
warrants for the sex offender." This requirement can be satisfied by including the 
specified types of information in the central registry database, or by including in that 
database links or identifying numbers that provide access to these types of information in 
criminal justice databases that contain them. 
• 
CURRENT PHOTOGRAPH (§ 114(b)(4)): The registry information must include "[a] 
current photograph of the sex offender." As with other information in the registries, this 
does not mean that the registry must be a paper records system that includes physical 
photographs. Rather, the photographs of sex offenders must be included in digitized form 
in an electronic registry, so as to permit the electronic transmission of registration 
information that is necessary to implement other SORNA requirements. (For more about 
the taking of photographs and keeping them current, see the discussion of periodic in-
person appearances in Part XI of these Guidelines.) 
• 
FINGERPRINTS AND PALM PRINTS (§ 114(b)(5)): The registry information must 
EFTA00731576
--- PAGE 33 ---
include "[a] set of fingerprints and palm prints of the sex offender." As with other 
registration information, this should be understood to refer to digitized fingerprint and 
palm print information rather than physical fingerprint cards and palm prints. The 
requirement can be satisfied by including such digitized fingerprint and palm print 
information in the central registry database, or by providing links or identifying numbers 
in the central registry database that provide access to fingerprint and palm print 
information in other databases for each registered sex offender. 
• 
DNA (§ 114(b)(6)): The registry information must include "[a] DNA sample of the sex 
offender." This means that a DNA sample must be taken, or must have been taken, from 
the sex offender, for purposes of analysis and entry of the resulting DNA profile into the 
Combined DNA Index System (CODIS). The requirement is satisfied by including 
information in the central registry database that confirms collection of such a sample from 
the sex offender for purposes of analysis and entry of the DNA profile into CODIS or 
inclusion of the sex offender's DNA profile in CODIS. 
• 
DRIVER'S LICENSE OR IDENTIFICATION CARD (§ 114(b)(7)): The registry 
information must include "[a] photocopy of a valid driver's license or identification card 
issued to the sex offender by a jurisdiction." The requirement can be satisfied by 
including a digitized photocopy of the specified documents in the central registry 
database for each sex offender to whom such a document has been issued. Alternatively, 
it can be satisfied by including in the central registry database links or identifying 
numbers that provide access in other databases (such as a Department of Motor Vehicles 
database) to the information that would be shown by such a photocopy. As noted, this 
requirement pertains to sex offenders to whom drivers' licenses or identification cards 
have been issued. It does not mean that jurisdictions must issue drivers' licenses or 
identification cards to sex offenders to whom they would not otherwise issue such 
documents in order to create this type of information for inclusion in the registry. 
VII. DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION 
The SORNA requirements for disclosure and sharing of information about registrants 
appear primarily in section 118, which is concerned with sex offender websites, and section 121, 
which is concerned with community notification in a broader sense and with some more targeted 
types of disclosures. The two sections will be discussed separately. 
A. Sex Offender Websites 
Section 118(a) of SORNA states a general rule that jurisdictions are to "make available 
on the Internet, in a manner that is readily accessible to all jurisdictions and to the public, all 
information about each sex offender in the registry." This general requirement is subject to 
certain mandatory and discretionary exemptions, appearing in subsections (b) and (c) of section 
118, which are discussed below. As the later discussion explains, after the mandatory and 
discretionary exemptions are taken into account, the affirmative website posting requirements are 
limited to specified information concerning sex offenders' names, addresses or locations, vehicle 
EFTA00731577
--- PAGE 34 ---
descriptions and license plate numbers, physical descriptions, sex offenses for which convicted, 
and current photographs. 
Currently, all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and Guam have sex 
offender websites that make information about registered sex offenders available to the public. 
The listed jurisdictions may need to modify their existing websites to varying degrees to 
implement the requirements of section 118. 
Beyond stating a general rule of website posting for sex offender information (subject to 
exceptions and limitations as discussed below), subsection (a) of section 118 includes 
requirements about the field-search capabilities of the jurisdictions' websites. In part, it states 
that these field search capabilities must include searches by "zip code or geographic radius set by 
the user." In other words, the websites must be so designed that members of the public who 
access a website are able to specify particular zip code areas, and are able to specify geographic 
radii—e.g., within one mile of a specified address—and thereby bring up on the website the 
information about all of the posted sex offenders in the specified zip code or geographic area. 
Subsection (a) of section 118 further states that each website "shall also include . . . all 
field search capabilities needed for full participation in the Dru Sjodin National Sex Offender 
Public Website and shall participate in that website as provided by the Attorney General." The 
statutory basis for the referenced National Sex Offender Public Website (NSOPW) appears in 
SORNA § 120. It is operated by the Department of Justice at the address www.nsopr.gov. All 
states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and Guam currently participate in the NSOPW, 
which provides public access to the information in their respective sex offender websites through 
single-query searches on a national site. As noted, participation in the NSOPW is a required 
element of SORNA implementation. To satisfy the requirement under section 118(a) of having 
"all field search capabilities needed for full participation in the [NSOPW]," jurisdictions' sex 
offender websites must allow searches by name, county, and city/town, as well as having the zip 
code and geographic radius search capacities mentioned specifically in the statute. 
Other SORNA requirements relating to sex offender websites are discussed in the 
remainder of this Subpart under the following headings: mandatory exemptions, discretionary 
exemptions and required inclusions, remote communication addresses, and other provisions. 
MANDATORY EXEMPTIONS 
Section 118(b)(1)-(3) identifies three types of information that are mandatorily exempt 
from disclosure, and section 118(b)(4) gives the Attorney General the authority to create 
additional mandatory exemptions. The limitations of subsection (b) only constrain jurisdictions 
in relation to the information made available on their publicly accessible sex offender websites. 
They do not limit the discretion of jurisdictions to disclose these types of information in other 
contexts. The types of information that are within the mandatory exemptions from public sex 
offender website disclosure are as follows: 
• 
VICTIM IDENTITY: Section 118(b)(1) exempts "the identity of any victim of a sex 
EFTA00731578
--- PAGE 35 ---
offense." The purpose of this exemption is to protect victim privacy. So long as the 
victim is not identified, this does not limit jurisdictions' discretion to include on the 
website information about the nature and circumstances of the offense, which may 
include information relating to the victim, such as the age and gender of the victim, and 
the conduct engaged in by the sex offender against the victim. 
• 
SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER: Section 118(b)(2) exempts "the Social Security 
number of the sex offender." 
• 
ARRESTS NOT RESULTING IN CONVICTION: Section I I 8(b)(3) exempts "any 
reference to arrests of the sex offender that did not result in conviction." As noted, this 
mandatory exemption, like the others, only affects the information that may be posted on 
a jurisdiction's public sex offender website. It does not limit a jurisdiction's use or 
disclosure of arrest information in any other context, such as disclosure to law 
enforcement agencies for law enforcement purposes, or disclosure to the public (by 
means other than posting on the sex offender website) under "open records" laws. 
• 
TRAVEL AND IMMIGRATION DOCUMENT NUMBERS: The authority under 
section 118(b)(4) is exercised to exempt the numbers assigned to registrants' passports 
and immigration documents. This exemption reflects concerns that public posting of 
such information could facilitate identity theft and could provide a source of passport and 
immigration document numbers to individuals seeking to enter, remain in, or travel from 
the United States using forged documents or false identities. Like the other mandatory 
exemptions, this exemption only affects the information that may be posted on a 
jurisdiction's public sex offender website. It does not limit a jurisdiction's use or 
disclosure of registrants' travel or immigration document information in any other 
context, such as disclosure to agencies with law enforcement, immigration, or national 
security functions. 
DISCRETIONARY EXEMPTIONS AND REQUIRED INCLUSIONS 
Section I I 8(c)(I)-(3) provides three optional exemptions, which describe information 
that jurisdictions may exempt from their websites in their discretion. The first of these is "any 
information about a tier I sex offender convicted of an offense other than a specified offense 
against a minor." The meaning of "tier I sex offender" is explained in Part V of these 
Guidelines, and the meaning of "specified offense against a minor" is explained in Part 
of 
these Guidelines. The second and third optional exemptions are, respectively, "the name of an 
employer of the sex offender" and "the name of an educational institution where the sex offender 
is a student." As noted, these exclusions are discretionary. Jurisdictions are free to include these 
types of information on their sex offender websites if they are so inclined. 
Section I I 8(c)(4) provides a further optional exemption of "any other information 
exempted from disclosure by the Attorney General." This authorization recognizes that there are 
some additional types of information that are required to be included in sex offender registries by 
section 114, but whose required disclosure through public sex offender websites may reasonably 
EFTA00731579
--- PAGE 36 ---
be regarded by particular jurisdictions as inappropriate or unnecessary. For example, public 
access to registrants' remote communication routing addresses (such as e-mail addresses) 
presents both risks and benefits. Minimizing the risks and maximizing the benefits depends on 
the appropriate design of the means and form of access. The recommended treatment of such 
information is discussed later in this Subpart. A number of other types of required registration 
information, such as fingerprints, palm prints, and DNA information, are primarily or exclusively 
of interest to law enforcement. 
In positive terms, as set out in the list below, there are eight core types of information 
whose public disclosure through the sex offender websites has the greatest value in promoting 
public safety by enabling members of the public to identify sex offenders, to know where they 
are, and to know what crimes they have committed. The list below is an exhaustive list of the 
types of registration information that jurisdictions must include on their public sex offender 
websites to satisfy the requirements for SORNA implementation. All other types of registration 
information are excluded from required website posting, either on a mandatory basis under 
section 118(b), on a discretionary basis under section 118(c)(1)-(3), or on the basis of the 
Attorney General's authority to allow additional discretionary exemptions under section 
118(0)(4). The list of informational items that jurisdictions must include on their public sex 
offender websites is as follows: 
• 
The name of the sex offender, including any aliases. 
• 
The address of each residence at which the sex offender resides or will reside and, if the 
sex offender does not have any (present or expected) residence address, other information 
about where the sex offender has his or her home or habitually lives. If current 
information of this type is not available because the sex offender is in violation of the 
requirement to register or unlocatable, the website must so note. 
• 
The address of any place where the sex offender is an employee or will be an employee 
and, if the sex offender is employed but does not have a definite employment address, 
other information about where the sex offender works. 
• 
The address of any place where the sex offender is a student or will be a student. 
• 
The license plate number and a description of any vehicle owned or operated by the sex 
offender. 
• 
A physical description of the sex offender. 
• 
The sex offense for which the sex offender is registered and any other sex offense for 
which the sex offender has been convicted. 
• 
A current photograph of the sex offender. 
The foregoing list remains subject to the discretionary authority of jurisdictions under 
EFTA00731580
--- PAGE 37 ---
section 118(c)(1) to exempt information about a tier I sex offender convicted of an offense other 
than a specified offense against a minor. 
REMOTE COMMUNICATION ADDRESSES 
Public access to or disclosure of sex offenders' remote communication routing addresses 
and their equivalent—such as e-mail addresses and telephone numbers-is discussed separately 
because the issue presents both risks and benefits and merits careful handling by jurisdictions. 
On the one hand, appropriately designed forms of access to such information may further 
the public safety objectives of sex offender registration and notification. For example, the 
operators of Internet social networking services that serve children may validly wish to check 
whether the e-mail addresses of individuals on their user lists are those of registered sex 
offenders, so that they can prevent sex offenders from using their services as avenues for Internet 
luring of children for purposes of sexual abuse. Likewise, a parent may legitimately wish to 
check whether the e-mail address of an unknown individual who is communicating with his or 
her child over the Internet is that of a registered sex offender, for the same protective purpose. 
On the other hand, some forms of public disclosure of this type of information—such as 
including sex offenders' e-mail addresses as part of the information in their individual listings on 
the sex offender websites, which also include their names, locations, etc.—could raise serious 
concerns about unintended consequences and misuse. Posting of the information in this form 
could provide ready access by sex offenders to the e-mail addresses of other sex offenders, 
thereby facilitating networking among such offenders through the Internet for such purposes as: 
exchanging information about or providing access to child victims for purposes of sexual abuse; 
recruiting confederates and accomplices for the purpose of committing child sexual abuse or 
exploitation offenses or other sexually violent crimes; trafficking in child pornography; and 
sharing ideas and information about how to commit sexual crimes, avoid detection and 
apprehension for committing such crimes, or evade registration requirements. 
The public safety benefits of public access in this context may be realized, and the risks 
and concerns addressed, by not including remote communication routing addresses or 
information that would enable sex offenders to contact each other on the individual public 
website postings of registrants, but including on the websites a function by which members of the 
public may enter, e.g., an e-mail address or phone number and receive an answer whether the 
specified address or number has been registered as that of a sex offender. In the case of a 
concerned parent as described above, for example, this could enable the parent to ascertain that 
the e-mail address of an individual attempting to communicate through the Internet with his or 
her child is the address of a sex offender, but without providing sex offenders access to listings 
showing the e-mail addresses of other persons who may share their dispositions to commit sexual 
crimes. 
Jurisdictions are accordingly permitted and encouraged to provide public access to remote 
communication address information included in the sex offender registries, in the form described 
above, i.e., a function that allows checking whether specified addresses are included in the 
EFTA00731581
--- PAGE 38 ---
registries as the addresses of sex offenders. The registry management and website software that 
the Justice Department is developing pursuant to SORNA § 123 will include software for such a 
website function. 
OTHER PROVISIONS 
The final three subsections in section 118 contain additional website specifications as 
follows: 
Subsection (d) requires that sites "include, to the extent practicable, links to sex offender 
safety and education resources." 
Subsection (e) requires that sites "include instructions on how to seek correction of 
information that an individual contends is erroneous." A jurisdiction could comply with this 
requirement, for example, by including on its website information identifying the jurisdiction's 
agency responsible for correcting erroneous information, and advising persons that they can 
contact this agency if they believe that information on the site is erroneous. 
Subsection (f) requires that sites include "a warning that information on the site should 
not be used to unlawfully injure, harass, or commit a crime against any individual named in the 
registry or residing or working at any reported address," and further provides that the warning 
"shall note that any such action could result in civil or criminal penalties." 
B. Community Notification and Targeted Disclosures 
Section 121(b) of SORNA states that "immediately after a sex offender registers or 
updates a registration ... the information in the registry (other than information exempted from 
disclosure by the Attorney General) about that offender" must be provided to various specified 
entities and individuals. The requirement that the information must be provided to the specified 
recipients "immediately" should be understood to mean that it must be provided within three 
business days. Cf. SORNA §§ 113(b)(2), 117(a) (equating within three business days and 
"immediately" in relation to initial registration). The requirement that the information be 
provided immediately is qualified by section 121(c), which provides that recipients described in 
section 121(bX6)-(7)—i.e., volunteer organizations in which contact with minors or other 
vulnerable individuals might occur, and any organization, company, or individual who requests 
notification—"may opt to receive the notification ... no less frequently than once every five 
business days." 
These requirements will be discussed in turn in relation to two groups of recipients—a 
group of four types of recipients that require special treatment, followed by suggestions for a 
uniform approach in relation to the remaining types of recipients. The four types that require 
special treatment are as follows: 
• 
NATIONAL DATABASES: Section 121(b)(1) states that the information is to be 
provided to "[t]he Attorney General, who shall include that information in the National 
EFTA00731582
--- PAGE 39 ---
Sex Offender Registry or other appropriate databases." The National Sex Offender 
Registry (NSOR) is a national database maintained by the Federal Bureau of Investigation 
(FBI), which compiles information from the registration jurisdictions' sex offender 
registries and makes it available to criminal justice agencies on a nationwide basis. The 
current statutory basis for NSOR appears in SORNA § 119(a). The statute refers to the 
Attorney General including the information submitted by jurisdictions in NSOR "or other 
appropriate databases" because some types of registry information described in SORNA 
§ 114, such as criminal history information, may be maintained by the FBI in other 
databases rather than directly in the NSOR database. In addition, the United States 
Marshals Service, which is the lead federal agency in investigating registration violations 
by sex offenders and assisting jurisdictions in enforcing their registration requirements, 
may establish an additional national database or databases to help in detecting, 
investigating, and apprehending sex offenders who violate registration requirements. 
Jurisdictions accordingly can implement the requirement of section 121(b)(1) by 
submitting to the FBI within three business days the types of registry information that the 
FBI includes in NSOR or other national databases, and by submitting information within 
the same time frame to other federal agencies (such as the United States Marshals 
Service) in conformity with any requirements the Department of Justice or the Marshals 
Service may adopt for this purpose. 
• 
LAW ENFORCEMENT AND SUPERVISION AGENCIES: Section 121(b)(2), in part, 
identifies as further required recipients laippropriate law enforcement agencies 
(including probation agencies, if appropriate) ... in each area in which the individual 
resides, is an employee or is a student." "Law enforcement agencies" should be 
understood to refer to agencies with criminal investigation or prosecution functions, such 
as police departments, sheriffs' offices, and district attorneys' offices. "Probation 
agencies, if appropriate" should be understood to refer to all offender supervision 
agencies that are responsible for a sex offender's supervision. Jurisdictions can 
implement the requirement of section 121(b)(2) by making registration information 
available to these agencies within three business days, by any effective 
means—permissible options include electronic transmission of registration information 
and provision of online access to registration information. Jurisdictions may define the 
relevant "area[s]" in which a registrant resides, is an employee, or is a student for 
purposes of section 121(b)(2) in accordance with their own policies, or may avoid the 
need to have to specify such areas by providing access to sex offender registry 
information to law enforcement and supervision agencies generally, since doing so makes 
the information available to recipients in all areas (however defined). The authority under 
the introductory language in section 121(b) to exempt information from disclosure is not 
exercised in relation to these recipients with respect to any of the information required to 
be included in registries under section 114 because law enforcement and supervision 
agencies need access to complete information about sex offenders to carry out their 
protective, investigative, prosecutorial, and supervisory functions. 
• 
JURISDICTIONS: Section 121(b)(3) identifies as required recipients "[e]ach jurisdiction 
where the sex offender resides, is an employee, or is a student, and each jurisdiction from 
EFTA00731583
--- PAGE 40 ---
or to which a change of residence, employment, or student status occurs." This is part of 
a broader group of SORNA provisions concerning the exchange of registration 
information among jurisdictions and ensuring that all relevant jurisdictions have such 
information in an up-to-date form. The implementation of section 121(bX3) and other 
provisions relating to these matters is discussed in Parts IX and X of these Guidelines. 
• 
NATIONAL CHILD PROTECTION ACT AGENCIES: Section 121(b)(4) identifies as 
required recipients "[a]ny agency responsible for conducting employment-related 
background checks under section 3 of the National Child Protection Act of 1993 (42 
U.S.C. 5119a)." The National Child Protection Act (NCPA) provides procedures under 
which qualified entities (e.g., prospective employers of child care providers) may request 
an authorized state agency to conduct a criminal history background check to obtain 
information bearing on an individual's fitness to have responsibility for the safety and 
well-being of children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities. The authorized 
agency makes a determination whether the individual who is the subject of the 
background check has been convicted of, or is under indictment for, a crime bearing on 
the individual's fitness for such responsibilities, and conveys that determination to the 
qualified entity. Considering the nature of the recipients under section 121(b)(4) and the 
functions for which they need information about sex offenders, jurisdictions can 
implement section 121(b)(4) by making available to such agencies (i.e., those authorized 
to conduct NCPA background checks) within three business days all criminal history 
information in the registry relevant to the conduct of such background checks. 
Beyond the four categories specified above, section 121(b) requires that sex offender 
registration information be provided to several other types of recipients, as follows: 
• 
Each school and public housing agency in each area in which the sex offender resides, is 
an employee, or is a student (section 121(b)(2)). 
• 
Social service entities responsible for protecting minors in the child welfare system 
(section 121(b)(5)). 
• 
Volunteer organizations in which contact with minors or other vulnerable individuals 
might occur (section 121(b)(6)). 
• 
Any organization, company, or individual who requests such notification pursuant to 
procedures established by the jurisdiction (section 121(bX7)). 
Implementing the required provision of information about registrants to these entities 
potentially presents a number of difficulties for jurisdictions, such as problems in identifying and 
maintaining comprehensive lists of recipients in these categories, keeping those lists up to date, 
subdividing recipients by "area" with respect to the notification under section 121(b)(2), and 
developing means of transmitting or providing access to the information for the various types of 
recipients. The objectives of these provisions, however, can be achieved by augmenting public 
sex offender websites to include appropriate notification functions. Specifically, a jurisdiction 
EFTA00731584
--- PAGE 41 ---
will be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of these provisions of section 121(b) if it 
adopts an automated notification system that incorporates substantially the following features: 
• 
The information required to be included on sex offender websites, as described in Part 
VILA of these Guidelines, is posted on the jurisdiction's sex offender website within 
three business days. 
• 
The jurisdiction's sex offender website includes a function under which members of the 
public and organizations can request notification when sex offenders commence 
residence, employment, or school attendance within zip code or geographic radius areas 
specified by the requester, where the requester provides an e-mail address to which the 
notice is to be sent. 
• 
Upon posting on the jurisdiction's sex offender website of new residence, employment, or 
school attendance information for a sex offender within an area specified by the requester, 
the system automatically sends an e-mail notice to the requester that identifies the sex 
offender, thus enabling the requester to access the jurisdiction's website and view the new 
information about the sex offender. 
VIII. WHERE REGISTRATION IS REQUIRED 
Section 113(a) of SORNA provides that a sex offender shall register and keep the 
registration current in each jurisdiction in which the sex offender resides, is an employee, or is a 
student. Section 113(a) of SORNA further provides that, for initial registration purposes only, a 
sex offender must also register in the jurisdiction in which convicted if it is different from the 
jurisdiction of residence. 
Starting with the last-mentioned requirement—registration in jurisdiction of conviction if 
different from jurisdiction of residence—in some cases the jurisdiction in which a sex offender is 
convicted is not the same as the jurisdiction to which the sex offender goes to live immediately 
following release. For example, a resident of jurisdiction A is convicted for a sex offense in 
jurisdiction B. After being released following imprisonment or sentenced to probation in 
jurisdiction B, the sex offender returns immediately to jurisdiction A. Although jurisdiction B is 
not the sex offender's jurisdiction of residence following his release or sentencing, jurisdiction B 
as the convicting jurisdiction is in the best position initially to take registration information from 
the sex offender and to inform him of his registration obligations, as required by SORNA 
§ 117(a), and is likely to be the only jurisdiction in a position to do so within the time frames 
specified in SORNA §§ 113(b) and 117(a)—i.e., before release from imprisonment, or within 3 
business days of sentencing for a sex offender with a non-incarcerative sentence. Hence, 
SORNA § 113(a) provides for initial registration in the jurisdiction of conviction in such cases. 
SORNA, however, never requires continued registration in the jurisdiction of conviction if the 
sex offender does not reside, work, or attend school in that jurisdiction. 
Beyond the special case of initial registration in the conviction jurisdiction where it 
differs from the residence jurisdiction, section 113(a) requires both registration and keeping the 
EFTA00731585
--- PAGE 42 ---
registration current in each jurisdiction where a sex offender resides, is an employee, or is a 
student. Starting with jurisdictions of residence, this means that a sex offender must initially 
register in the jurisdiction of residence if it is the jurisdiction of conviction, and must thereafter 
register in any other jurisdiction in which the sex offender subsequently resides. 
The notion of "residence" requires definition for this purpose. Requiring registration 
only where a sex offender has a residence or home in the sense of a fixed abode would be too 
narrow to achieve SORNA's objective of "comprehensive" registration of sex offenders (see 
§ 102), because some sex offenders have no fixed abodes. For example, a sex offender may be 
homeless, living on the street or moving from shelter to shelter, or a sex offender may live in 
something that itself moves from place to place, such as a mobile home, trailer, or houseboat. 
SORNA § Ill (13) accordingly defines "resides" to mean "the location of the individual's home 
or other place where the individual habitually lives." This entails that a sex offender must 
register: 
• 
in any jurisdiction in which he has his home; and 
• 
in any jurisdiction in which he habitually lives (even if he has no home or fixed address in 
the jurisdiction, or no home anywhere). 
The scope of "habitually lives" in this context is not self-explanatory and requires further 
definition. An overly narrow definition would undermine the objectives of sex offender 
registration and notification under SORNA. For example, consider the case of a sex offender 
who nominally has his home in one jurisdiction—e.g., he maintains a mail drop there, or 
identifies his place of residence for legal purposes as his parents' home, where he visits 
occasionally—but he lives most of the time with his girlfriend in an adjacent jurisdiction. 
Registration in the nominal home jurisdiction alone in such a case would mean that the 
registration information is not informative as to where the sex offender is actually residing, and 
hence would not fulfill the public safety objectives of tracking sex offenders' whereabouts 
following their release into the community. 
"Habitually lives" accordingly should be understood to include places in which the sex 
offender lives with some regularity, and with reference to where the sex offender actually lives, 
not just in terms of what he would choose to characterize as his home address or place of 
residence for self-interested reasons. The specific interpretation of this element of "residence" 
these Guidelines adopt is that a sex offender habitually lives in the relevant sense in any place in 
which the sex offender lives for at least 30 days. Hence, a sex offender resides in a jurisdiction 
for purposes of SORNA if the sex offender has a home in the jurisdiction, or if the sex offender 
lives in the jurisdiction for at least 30 days. Jurisdictions may specify in the manner of their 
choosing the application of the 30-day standard to sex offenders whose presence in the 
jurisdiction is intermittent but who live in the jurisdiction for 30 days in the aggregate over some 
longer period of time. Like other aspects of SORNA, the requirement to register sex offenders 
who "reside" in the jurisdiction as defined in section 111(13) is a minimum requirement, and 
jurisdictions in their discretion may require registration more broadly (for example, based on 
presence in the jurisdiction for a period shorter than 30 days). 
EFTA00731586
--- PAGE 43 ---
As to the timing of registration based on changes of residence, the understanding of 
"habitually lives" to mean living in a place for at least 30 days does not mean that the registration 
of a sex offender who enters a jurisdiction to reside may be delayed until after he has lived in the 
jurisdiction for 30 days. Rather, a sex offender who enters a jurisdiction in order to make his 
home or habitually live in the jurisdiction must be required to register within three business days, 
as discussed in Part X.A of these Guidelines. Likewise, a sex offender who changes his place of 
residence within a jurisdiction must be required to report the change within three business days, 
as discussed in Part X.A. 
SORNA also requires sex offenders to register and keep the registration current in any 
jurisdiction in which the sex offender is an employee. Hence, a sex offender who resides in 
jurisdiction A and commutes to work in an adjacent jurisdiction B must register and keep the 
registration current in both jurisdictions—in jurisdiction A as a resident, and in jurisdiction B as 
an employee. SORNA § 111(12) defines "employee" for this purpose to include "an individual 
who is self-employed or works for any other entity, whether compensated or not." As with 
residence, the SORNA requirement to register in jurisdictions of employment is not limited to 
sex offenders who have fixed places of employment or definite employment addresses. For 
example, consider a person residing in jurisdiction A who works out of his home as a handyman, 
regularly doing repair or home-improvement work at other people's houses both in jurisdiction A 
and in an adjacent jurisdiction B. Since the sex offender works in both jurisdictions, he must 
register in jurisdiction B as well as jurisdiction A. 
The implementation measure for these SORNA requirements is for jurisdictions to 
require sex offenders who are employed in the jurisdiction, as described above, to register in the 
jurisdiction. If a sex offender has some employment-related presence in a jurisdiction, but does 
not have a fixed place of employment or regularly work within the jurisdiction, line drawing 
questions may arise, and jurisdictions may resolve these questions based on their own judgments. 
For example, if a sex offender who is a long haul trucker regularly drives through dozens of 
jurisdictions in the course of his employment, it is not required that all such jurisdictions must 
make the sex offender register based on his transient employment-related presence, but rather 
they may treat such cases in accordance with their own policies. (For more about required 
employment information, see the discussion in Part VI of these Guidelines.) 
The final SORNA basis of registration is being a student, which SORNA § 111(11) 
defines to mean "an individual who enrolls in or attends an educational institution, including 
(whether public or private) a secondary school, trade or professional school, and institution of 
higher education." Hence, for example, a sex offender who resides in jurisdiction A, and is 
enrolled in a college in an adjacent jurisdiction B to which he commutes for classes, must be 
required to register in jurisdiction B as well as jurisdiction A. School enrollment or attendance in 
this context should be understood as referring to attendance at a school in a physical sense. It 
does not mean that a jurisdiction has to require a sex offender in some distant jurisdiction to 
register in the jurisdiction based on his taking a correspondence course through the mail with a 
school in the jurisdiction, or based on his taking courses at the school remotely through the 
Internet, unless the participation in the educational program also involves some physical 
attendance at the school in the jurisdiction. 
EFTA00731587
--- PAGE 44 ---
In the context of SORNA's requirements concerning the jurisdictions in which sex 
offenders must register, as in all other contexts under SORNA and these Guidelines, 
"jurisdiction" has the meaning given in SORNA § 111(10)—i.e., it refers to the 50 States, the 
District of Columbia, the five principal territories, and Indian tribes so qualifying under section 
127. Hence, for example, if a sex offender resides in one county in a state but works in a 
different county in the same state, the state may wish to require the sex offender to appear for 
registration purposes before the responsible officials in both counties. But this is not a matter 
that SORNA addresses. Rather, the relevant "jurisdiction" for SORNA purposes in such a case 
is simply the state, and finer questions about particular locations, political subdivisions, or areas 
within the state in which a sex offender will be required to register are matters of state discretion 
under SORNA. 
IX. 
INITIAL REGISTRATION 
Under sections 113(b) and 117(a) of SORNA, jurisdictions must normally require that 
sex offenders be initially registered before release from imprisonment for the registration offense 
or, in case of a non-imprisonment sentence, within three business days of sentencing for the 
registration offense. Upon entry of the registration information into the registry, the initial 
registration jurisdiction must immediately forward the registration information to all other 
jurisdictions in which the sex offender is required to register. This is required by SORNA 
§ 121(b)(3) (registration information is to be provided immediately to "[e]ach jurisdiction where 
the sex offender resides, is an employee, or is a student."). Hence, for example, if an imprisoned 
sex offender advises the conviction jurisdiction on initial registration that he will be residing in 
another jurisdiction following release, or that he will stay in the conviction jurisdiction but will 
be commuting to work in another jurisdiction, the conviction jurisdiction must notify the 
expected residence or employment jurisdiction by forwarding to that jurisdiction the sex 
offender's registration information (including the information about the expected residence or 
employment in that jurisdiction). The sex offender will then be required to make an in-person 
registration appearance within three business days of commencing residence or employment in 
that jurisdiction, as discussed in Part X of these Guidelines. 
With respect to sex offenders released from imprisonment, section 117(a) states that the 
initial registration procedures are to be carried out "shortly before release of the sex offender 
from custody." "Shortly" does not prescribe a specific time frame, but jurisdictions should 
implement this requirement in light of the underlying objectives of ensuring that sex offenders 
have their registration obligations in mind when they are released, and avoiding situations in 
which registration information changes significantly between the time the initial registration 
procedures are carried out and the time the offender is released. However, jurisdictions are also 
encouraged, as a matter of sound policy, to effect initial registration with sufficient time in 
advance whenever possible so that the following can be done before the sex offender is released 
into the community: (i) subjecting the registration information provided by the sex offender to 
any verification the jurisdiction carries out to ensure accuracy (e.g., cross checking with other 
records), (ii) obtaining any information needed for the registry that must be secured from sources 
other than the sex offender, (iii) posting of the sex offender's information on the jurisdiction's 
sex offender website, and (iv) effecting other required notifications and disclosures of 
EFTA00731588
--- PAGE 45 ---
information relating to the sex offender. 
The specific initial registration procedures required by section 117(a) are as follows: 
• 
Informing the sex offender of his or her duties under SORNA and explaining those 
duties. (Of course if the jurisdiction adopts registration requirements that encompass but 
go beyond the SORNA minimum, the sex offender should be informed of the full range 
of duties, not only those required by SORNA.) 
• 
Requiring the sex offender to read and sign a form stating that the duty to register has 
been explained and that the sex offender understands the registration requirement. 
• 
Ensuring that the sex offender is registered—i.e., obtaining the required registration 
information for the sex offender and submitting that information for inclusion in the 
registry. 
SORNA §§ 113(d) and 117(b) recognize that the normal initial registration procedure 
described above will not be feasible in relation to certain special classes of sex offenders, and 
provides that the Attorney General may prescribe alternative rules for the registration of such sex 
offenders. The specific problem is one of timing; it is not always possible to carry out the initial 
registration procedures for sex offenders who are required to register under SORNA prior to 
release from imprisonment (or within three days of sentencing) for the registration offense. The 
situations in which there may be problems of this type, and the rules adopted for those situations, 
are as follows: 
RETROACTIVE CLASSES 
As discussed in Part II.0 of these Guidelines, SORNA applies to all sex offenders, 
including those convicted of their registration offenses prior to the enactment of SORNA or prior 
to particular jurisdictions' incorporation of the SORNA requirements into their programs. 
Jurisdictions are specifically required to register such sex offenders if they remain in the system 
as prisoners, supervisees, or registrants, or if they later reenter the system because of conviction 
for some other crime (whether or not the new crime is a sex offense). 
In some cases this will create no difficulty for registering these sex offenders in 
conformity with the normal SORNA registration procedures. For example, suppose that a sex 
offender is convicted of an offense in the SORNA registration categories in 2005, that the 
jurisdiction implements SORNA in its registration program in 2008, and that the sex offender is 
released on completion of imprisonment in 2010. Such a sex offender can be registered prior to 
release from imprisonment in the same manner as sex offenders convicted following the 
enactment of SORNA and its implementation by the jurisdiction. 
But in other cases this will not be possible, as illustrated by the following examples: 
• 
Example 1: A sex offender convicted by a state for an offense in the SORNA registration 
EFTA00731589
--- PAGE 46 ---
categories is sentenced to probation, or released on post-imprisonment supervision, in 
2005. The sex offender is not registered near the time of sentencing or before release 
from imprisonment, because the state did not require registration for the offense in 
question at that time. The state subsequently implements SORNA in 2008, which will 
include registering such a sex offender. But it is impossible to do so near the time of his 
sentencing or before his release from imprisonment, because that time is past. Likewise, 
a person convicted of a sex offense by an Indian tribal court in, e.g., 2005 may have not 
been registered near the time of sentencing or release because the tribe had not yet 
established any sex offender registration program at the time. If the person remains under 
supervision when the tribe implements SORNA, registration will be required by the 
SORNA standards, but the normal time frame for initial registration under SORNA will 
have passed some years ago, so registration within that time frame is impossible. 
• 
Example 2: A sex offender is required to register for life by a jurisdiction based on a rape 
conviction in 1995 for which he was released from imprisonment in 2005. The sex 
offender was initially registered prior to his release from imprisonment on the basis of the 
jurisdiction's existing law, but the information concerning registration duties he was 
given at the time of release did not include telling him that he would have to appear 
periodically in person to verify and update the registration information (as required by 
SORNA § 116), because the jurisdiction did not have such a requirement at the time. So 
the sex offender will have to be required to appear periodically for verification and will 
have to be given new instructions about that as part of the jurisdiction's implementation 
of SORNA. 
• 
Example 3: A sex offender convicted in 1980 for an offense subject to lifetime 
registration under SORNA is released from imprisonment in 1990 but is not required to 
register at the time because the jurisdiction had not yet established a sex offender 
registration program. In 2010, following the jurisdiction's implementation of SORNA, 
the sex offender reenters the system because of conviction for a robbery. The jurisdiction 
will need to require the sex offender to register based on his 1980 conviction for a sex 
offense when he is released from imprisonment for the robbery offense. But it is not 
possible to cany out the initial registration procedure for the sex offender prior to his 
release from imprisonment for the registration offense—i.e., the sex offense for which he 
was convicted in 1980—because that time is past. 
With respect to sex offenders with pre-SORNA or pre-SORNA-implementation 
convictions who remain in the prisoner, supervision, or registered sex offender populations at the 
time of implementation—illustrated by the examples in the first and second bullets 
above—jurisdictions should endeavor to register them in conformity with SORNA as quickly as 
possible, including fully instructing them about the SORNA requirements, obtaining signed 
acknowledgments of such instructions, and obtaining and entering into the registry all 
information about them required under SORNA. But this may entail newly registering or re-
registering a large number of sex offenders in the existing sex offender population, and it may 
not be feasible for a jurisdiction to do so immediately. Jurisdictions are accordingly authorized 
to phase in SORNA registration for such sex offenders in conformity with the appearance 
EFTA00731590
--- PAGE 47 ---
schedule of SORNA § 116. In other words, sex offenders in these existing sex offender 
populations who cannot be registered within the normal SORNA time frame (i.e., before release 
from imprisonment or within three business days of sentencing for the registration offense) must 
be registered by the jurisdiction when it implements the SORNA requirements in its system 
within a year for sex offenders who satisfy the tier I criteria, within six months for sex offenders 
who satisfy the tier II criteria, and within three months for sex offenders who satisfy the tier III 
criteria. If a jurisdiction believes that it is not feasible for the jurisdiction to fully register the 
existing sex offender population in conformity with SORNA within these time frames, the 
jurisdiction should inform the SMART Office of the difficulty, and the SMART Office will 
consider whether an extension of time for implementation of SORNA under section 124(b) is 
warranted on that basis. 
In cases in which a sex offender reenters the system based on conviction of some other 
offense—illustrated by the third example above—and is sentenced or released from 
imprisonment following the jurisdiction's implementation of SORNA, the normal SORNA initial 
registration procedures and timing requirements will apply, but with the new offense substituting 
for the predicate registration offense as the basis for the time frame. In other words, such a sex 
offender must be initially registered in the manner specified in SORNA § 117(a) prior to release 
from imprisonment for the new offense that brought him back into the system, or within three 
business days of sentencing for the new offense in case of a non-incarcerative sentence. 
It may not always be possible to obtain information about earlier convictions of sex 
offenders in the classes described above, particularly when they occurred many years or decades 
ago, and available criminal history information may be uninformative as to factors such as victim 
age that can affect the nature and extent of registration requirements under SORNA. 
Jurisdictions may rely on the methods and standards they normally use in searching criminal 
records and on the information appearing in the records so obtained in carrying out the 
requirements described above to register sex offenders with pre-SORNA (or pre-SORNA-
implementation) sex offense convictions. 
FEDERAL AND MILITARY SEX OFFENDERS 
There is no separate federal registration program for sex offenders required to register 
under SORNA who are released from federal or military custody. Rather, such sex offenders are 
integrated into the sex offender registration programs of the states and other (non-federal) 
jurisdictions following their release. Provisions of federal law, appearing in 18 U.S.C. 4042(c) 
and section 115(a)(8)(C) of Public Law 105-119, require federal and military correctional and 
supervision personnel to notify the receiving jurisdiction's authorities concerning the release to 
their areas of such sex offenders so that this integration can be effected. Moreover, these sex 
offenders are required to comply with the SORNA registration requirements in the jurisdictions 
in which they reside, are employed, or attend school as mandatory conditions of their federal 
supervision, as provided in 18 U.S.C. 3563(a)(8), 3583(d), 4209(a), and may be prosecuted under 
U.S.C. 2250 if they fail to do so. 
For example, consider a person convicted of aggravated sexual abuse under 18 U.S.C. 
EFTA00731591
--- PAGE 48 ---
2241, who is released following his completion of the prison term for this offense. As provided 
in 18 U.S.C. 4042(c), the Federal Bureau of Prisons is required to inform the sex offender prior 
to his release that he must register as required by SORNA, and it notifies law enforcement and 
registration authorities in the jurisdiction in which the sex offender will reside following release. 
Situations of this type are in principle the same as those in which a sex offender enters a 
jurisdiction to reside following conviction in another (non-federal) jurisdiction—see Part X of 
these Guidelines for discussion—except that the federal authorities will not have registered the 
sex offender in the same manner that a non-federal jurisdiction would. The jurisdiction to which 
such a sex offender goes to reside following release from federal custody (or after sentencing for 
a federal offense, in case of a non-incarcerative sentence) accordingly must require the sex 
offender to appear in person to register within three business days, and must carry out the 
procedure described in SORNA § 117(a) when the sex offender appears for that purpose. The 
jurisdiction must also immediately forward the registration information for the sex offender to 
any other jurisdiction in which the sex offender is required to register under SORNA (e.g., on the 
basis of employment), as required by SORNA §121(b)(3). If federal authorities notify the 
jurisdiction concerning the release of a sex offender to the jurisdiction, but the sex offender fails 
to appear and register as required, the jurisdiction must proceed as discussed in Part XIII of these 
Guidelines for cases involving possible violations of registration requirements. 
SEX OFFENDERS INCARCERATED IN NON-CONVICTION JURISDICTIONS 
A sex offender sentenced to imprisonment may serve his or her prison term in a facility 
outside of the convicting jurisdiction. For example, an Indian tribe may not have its own 
correctional facility and may accordingly lease bed space from a county jail. Or a state may lease 
prison space in a facility in an adjacent state, so that some of its offenders serve their prison 
terms in the other state's facilities. In such a case, the jurisdiction incarcerating the sex offender 
may be neither the jurisdiction of conviction nor the jurisdiction of expected residence following 
release. But it is likely to be in the best position to initially take the required registration 
information from the sex offender and to instruct the sex offender concerning registration 
obligations, while the jurisdiction that convicted the sex offender may be in no position to do so 
prior to the sex offender's release, because the facility in which the sex offender is incarcerated is 
in another jurisdiction. 
In such cases, the jurisdiction incarcerating the sex offender must carry out the initial 
registration procedure described in SORNA § 117(a) prior to releasing the sex offender and must 
immediately forward the registration information for the sex offender to any other jurisdiction in 
which the sex offender is required to register under SORNA (e.g., on the basis of expected 
residence), as required by SORNA § 121(b)(3). 
REGISTRANTS BASED ON FOREIGN CONVICTIONS 
Persons with foreign sex offense convictions are often required to register under SORNA, 
as discussed in Part IV.B of these Guidelines. Section 128 of SORNA directs the Attorney 
General, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Homeland Security, to 
EFTA00731592
--- PAGE 49 ---
establish a system for informing the relevant jurisdictions about persons entering the United 
States who are required to register under SORNA. Persons with foreign sex offense convictions 
provide an additional class who cannot be initially registered within the normal SORNA time 
frame. Since they are convicted and imprisoned in a foreign country, no domestic jurisdiction 
would normally be in a position to register them prior to their release from imprisonment (or near 
the time of sentencing in case of a non-incarcerative sentence). 
The procedure for initial registration of such persons is logically the same as that for 
other analogous classes discussed above: A jurisdiction must require a person with a foreign 
conviction for which registration is required under SORNA to appear in person to register within 
three business days of entering the jurisdiction to reside or commencing employment or school 
attendance in the jurisdiction. If the sex offender has not previously been registered by another 
jurisdiction, the jurisdiction must carry out the initial registration procedure as provided in 
SORNA § 117(a) when the sex offender appears. The jurisdiction must immediately forward the 
registration information to any other jurisdiction in which the sex offender is required to register 
under SORNA. If a jurisdiction is notified, by federal authorities pursuant to SORNA § 128 or 
otherwise, that a sex offender is entering the United States and is expected to be locating in the 
jurisdiction, but the sex offender fails to appear and register as required, the jurisdiction must 
follow the procedures discussed in Part XIII of these Guidelines for cases involving possible 
violations of registration requirements. 
X. 
KEEPING THE REGISTRATION CURRENT 
There are a number of provisions in SORNA that are designed to ensure that changes in 
registration information are promptly reported, and that the registration information is kept fully 
up to date in all jurisdictions in which the sex offender is required to register: 
• 
Section 113(a) provides that a sex offender must keep the registration current in each 
jurisdiction in which the sex offender resides, is an employee, or is a student. 
• 
Section 113(c) provides that a sex offender must, not later than three business days after 
each change of name, residence, employment, or student status, appear in person in at 
least one jurisdiction in which the sex offender is required to register and inform that 
jurisdiction of all changes in the information required for that sex offender in the sex 
offender registry. It further provides that that information must immediately be provided 
to all other jurisdictions in which the sex offender is required to register. 
• 
Section 119(b) provides that updated information about a sex offender must be 
immediately transmitted by electronic forwarding to all relevant jurisdictions. 
• 
Section 121(b)(3) provides that immediately after a sex offender registers or updates a 
registration, the information in the registry (other than any exempted from disclosure by 
the Attorney General) must be provided to each jurisdiction where the sex offender 
resides, is an employee, or is a student, and each jurisdiction from or to which a change of 
residence, employment, or student status occurs. 
EFTA00731593
--- PAGE 50 ---
• 
Section 128 directs the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of State and 
the Secretary of Homeland Security, to establish a system for informing relevant 
jurisdictions about persons entering the United States who are required to register under 
SORNA. 
Implementation of these provisions requires the definition of implementation measures 
that can be carried out by the individual jurisdictions, whose collective effect will be to realize 
these provisions' objectives. The remainder of this Part of these Guidelines details the required 
implementation measures. 
A. Changes of Name, Residence, Employment, or School Attendance 
The in-person appearance requirements of section 113(c) described above serve to 
ensure—in connection with the most substantial types of changes bearing on the identification or 
location of sex offenders (name, residence, employment, school attendance)—that there will be 
an opportunity to obtain all required registration information from sex offenders in an up to date 
form, including direct meetings for this purpose between the sex offenders and the personnel or 
agencies who will be responsible for their registration. The purposes served by in-person 
appearances under the SORNA standards are further explained in Part XI of these Guidelines, in 
relation to the periodic in-person appearance requirements of section 116. 
The required implementation measures for the appearances required by section 113(c)—
and other information updating/sharing and enforcement provisions under SORNA as they bear 
on such appearances—are as follows: 
• 
RESIDENCE JURISDICTIONS: Each jurisdiction must require a sex offender who 
enters the jurisdiction to reside, or who is registered in the jurisdiction as a resident and 
changes his or her name or place of residence within the jurisdiction, to appear in person 
to register or update the registration within three business days. Also, each jurisdiction in 
which a sex offender is registered as a resident must: 
o 
require the sex offender to inform the jurisdiction if the sex offender intends to 
commence residence, employment, or school attendance in another jurisdiction; 
and 
o 
if so informed by the sex offender, notify that other jurisdiction by transmitting 
the sex offender's registration information (including the information concerning 
the sex offender's expected residence, employment, or school attendance in that 
jurisdiction) immediately by electronic forwarding to that jurisdiction. 
• 
EMPLOYMENT JURISDICTIONS: Each jurisdiction must require a sex offender who 
commences employment in the jurisdiction, or changes employer or place of employment 
in the jurisdiction, to appear in person to register or update the registration within three 
business days. 
EFTA00731594
--- PAGE 51 ---
• 
SCHOOL JURISDICTIONS: Each jurisdiction must require a sex offender who 
commences school attendance in the jurisdiction, or changes the school attended or place 
of school attendance in the jurisdiction, to appear in person to register or update the 
registration within three business days. 
• 
INFORMATION SHARING: In all cases in which a sex offender makes an in-person 
appearance in a jurisdiction and registers or updates a registration as described above, the 
jurisdiction must immediately transmit by electronic forwarding the registration 
information for the sex offender (including any updated information concerning name, 
residence, employment, or school attendance provided in the appearance) to all other 
jurisdictions in which: 
o 
the sex offender is or will be required to register as a resident, employee, or 
student; or 
o 
the sex offender was required to register as a resident, employee, or student until 
the time of a change of residence, employment, or student status reported in the 
appearance, even if the sex offender may no longer be required to register in that 
jurisdiction in light of the change of residence, employment, or student status. 
• 
FAILURE TO APPEAR: If a jurisdiction is notified that a sex offender is expected to 
commence residence, employment, or school attendance in the jurisdiction, but the sex 
offender fails to appear for registration as required, the jurisdiction must inform the 
jurisdiction that provided the notification that the sex offender failed to appear, and must 
follow the procedures for cases involving possible violations of registration requirements, 
as discussed in Part XIII of these Guidelines. 
Defining changes in such matters as residence and employment may present special 
difficulties in relation to sex offenders who lack fixed residence or employment. For example, a 
homeless sex offender may sleep on a different park bench each night. Or the employer of a sex 
offender who does day labor, working for whatever contractor hires him on a given day, may 
change on a daily basis. In such cases, a jurisdiction is not required to treat all such changes as 
changes in residence or employment status that bring into play the requirement to conduct an in-
person appearance within three business days for purposes of reporting the change. Rather, as 
discussed in Part VI of these Guidelines, the information in the registry describing the places of 
residence or employment for sex offenders who lack fixed residence or employment may be in 
more general terms, and jurisdictions may limit their reporting requirements to changes that 
would entail some modification of the registry information relating to these matters. 
In one respect, the foregoing procedures for updating registration information through in-
person appearances do not fully ensure that registrations will be kept current with respect to 
residence, employment, and school attendance information, because they relate to situations in 
which future information about these matters is available. But that is not always the case. For 
example, a transient sex offender may be leaving the jurisdiction in which he is registered as a 
resident, but may be unable to say where he will be living thereafter. Or a sex offender registered 
EFTA00731595
--- PAGE 52 ---
as an employee or student in a jurisdiction may quit his job or leave school, but may have no 
prospect for subsequent employment or education at the time. If such changes were not reported, 
the affected jurisdictions' registries would not be kept current, but rather would contain outdated 
information showing sex offenders to be residing, employed, or attending school in places where 
they no longer are. Accordingly, a jurisdiction in which a sex offender is registered as a resident, 
employee, or student must also require the sex offender to inform the jurisdiction if the sex 
offender is terminating residence, employment, or school attendance in the jurisdiction, even if 
there is no ascertainable or expected future place of residence, employment, or school attendance 
for the sex offender. 
B. Changes in Other Registration Information 
By incorporating the foregoing procedures into their registration programs, jurisdictions 
can implement the SORNA requirements for keeping the registration current in relation to name, 
residence, employment, and school attendance information. The registration information that sex 
offenders are required to provide under SORNA § 114, however, as discussed in Part VI of these 
Guidelines, includes as well information about vehicles owned or operated by sex offenders, 
temporary lodging information—i.e., information about any place in which a sex offender is 
staying when away from his residence for seven or more days—and information about 
designations that sex offenders use for self-identification or routing purposes in Internet 
communications or postings or telephonic communications. If changes occur in these types of 
information, the changes may eventually be reported as part of the periodic verification 
appearances required by section 116 of SORNA, as discussed in Part XI of these Guidelines. But 
the registration information may become in some respects seriously out of date if the verification 
appearances are relied on exclusively for this purpose. 
For example, if a sex offender is on a yearly appearance schedule, the sex offender's 
motor vehicle information may be a year out of date by the time the sex offender reports at the 
next appearance that he has acquired a new vehicle. Temporary lodging at places away from a 
sex offender's residence might not be reported until long after the time when the sex offender 
was at the temporary location. Likewise, given the ease with which Internet addresses and 
identifiers and telephone numbers are added, dropped, or changed, the value of requiring 
information about them from registrants could be seriously undermined if they were only 
required to report changes periodically in the context of general verification meetings. 
Hence, an additional implementation measure is necessary to keep registrations current 
with respect to these informational items: 
• 
Each jurisdiction in which a sex offender is registered as a resident must require the sex 
offender to report immediately changes in vehicle information, temporary lodging 
information, and changes in designations used for self-identification or routing in Internet 
communications or postings or telephonic communications, and must immediately 
transmit such changes in the registration information by electronic forwarding to all other 
jurisdictions in which the sex offender is required to register. 
EFTA00731596
--- PAGE 53 ---
• 
In addition, with respect to temporary lodging information, the residence jurisdiction 
must immediately transmit the information by electronic forwarding to the jurisdiction in 
which the temporary lodging by the sex offender takes place (if different from the 
residence jurisdiction), even if that is not a jurisdiction in which the sex offender is 
required to register. 
C. International Travel 
A sex offender who moves to a foreign country may pass beyond the reach of U.S. 
jurisdictions and hence may not be subject to any enforceable registration requirement under U.S. 
law unless and until he or she returns to the United States. But effective tracking of such sex 
offenders remains a matter of concern to the United States and its domestic jurisdictions, and 
some measures relating to them are necessary for implementation of SORNA. 
Relevant provisions include SORNA § 128, which directs the Attorney General to 
establish a system for informing domestic jurisdictions about persons entering the United States 
who are required to register under SORNA, and 18 U.S.C. 2250(a)(2XB), which makes it a 
federal crime for a sex offender to travel in foreign commerce and knowingly fail to register or 
update a registration as required by SORNA. To carry out its responsibilities under these 
provisions, the Department of Justice needs to know if sex offenders registered in U.S. 
jurisdictions are leaving the country, since such offenders will be required to resume registration 
if they later return to the United States to live, work, or attend school while still within their 
registration periods. Also, both for sex offenders who are convicted in the United States and then 
go abroad, and for sex offenders who are initially convicted in other countries, identifying such 
sex offenders when they enter or reenter the United States will require cooperative efforts 
between the Department of Justice (including the United States Marshals Service) and agencies 
of foreign countries. As a necessary part of such cooperative activities, foreign authorities may 
expect U.S. authorities to inform them about sex offenders coming to their jurisdictions from the 
United States, in return for their advising the United States about sex offenders coming to the 
United States from their jurisdictions. For this reason as well, federal authorities in the United 
States will need information about sex offenders leaving domestic jurisdictions to go abroad in 
order to effectively carry out the requirements of SORNA § 128 and enforce 18 U.S.C. 
2250(a)(2)(B). 
International travel also implicates the requirement of SORNA § 113(a) that sex 
offenders keep the registration current in all jurisdictions in which they reside, work, or attend 
school. If a sex offender simply leaves the country and does not inform the jurisdiction or 
jurisdictions in which he has been registered, then the requirement to keep the registration current 
will not have been fulfilled. Rather, the registry information in the domestic jurisdictions will 
show that the sex offender is residing in the jurisdiction (or present as an employee or student) 
when that is no longer the case. 
In addition, a sex offender who goes abroad may remain subject in some respects to U.S. 
jurisdiction. For example, a sex offender may be leaving to live on an overseas U.S. military 
base, as a service member, dependent, or employee, or to work as or for a U.S. military 
EFTA00731597
--- PAGE 54 ---
contractor in another country. In such cases, notification about the individual's status as a sex 
offender and intended activities abroad is of interest to federal authorities, because the presence 
of sex offenders implicates the same public safety concerns in relation to communities abroad for 
which the United States has responsibility (such as U.S. military base communities in foreign 
countries) as it does in relation to communities within the United States. 
The following requirements accordingly apply in relation to sex offenders who leave the 
United States: 
• 
Each jurisdiction in which a sex offender is registered as a resident must require the sex 
offender to inform the jurisdiction if the sex offender intends to commence residence, 
employment, or school attendance outside of the United States. 
• 
If so informed by the sex offender, the jurisdiction must: (i) notify all other jurisdictions 
in which the sex offender is required to register through immediate electronic forwarding 
of the sex offender's registration information (including the information concerning the 
sex offender's expected residence, employment, or school attendance outside of the 
United States), and (ii) notify the United States Marshals Service and update the sex 
offender's registration information in the national databases pursuant to the procedures 
under SORNA § 121(b)(1). 
SORNA does not require that all notifications to jurisdictions by sex offenders 
concerning changes in their registration information be made through in-person appearances. 
Rather, the in-person appearance requirement of SORNA § 113(c) relates to changes in name, 
and to changes in residence, employment, or school attendance between jurisdictions or within 
jurisdictions, which jurisdictions must require sex offenders to report through in-person 
appearances under the circumstances expressly identified in Subpart A of this Part. The means 
by which sex offenders are required to report other changes in registration information discussed 
in this Part are matters that jurisdictions may determine in their discretion. 
XI. 
VERIFICATION/APPEARANCE REQUIREMENTS 
Section 116 of SORNA states that "[a] sex offender shall appear in person, allow the 
jurisdiction to take a current photograph, and verify the information in each registry in which that 
offender is required to be registered not less frequently than": (i) each year for a tier I sex 
offender, (ii) every six months for a tier II sex offender, and (iii) every three months for a tier III 
sex offender. Jurisdictions accordingly must require such periodic appearances by sex offenders 
who reside or are employees or students in the jurisdiction, since sex offenders must register in 
the jurisdictions of their residence, employment, and school attendance, as explained in Part VIII 
of these Guidelines. As with other SORNA requirements, jurisdictions may require in-person 
appearances by sex offenders with greater frequency than the minimum required by section 116. 
The in-person appearance requirements of section 116 further the purposes of sex 
offender registration and notification in a number of ways. A sex offender's physical appearance, 
like that of any other person, will change in the course of time. The in-person appearance 
EFTA00731598
--- PAGE 55 ---
requirements provide reasonably frequent opportunities to obtain a photograph of the sex 
offender and a physical description that reflects his or her current appearance, types of 
registration information that are required by section 114(b)(1), (4). The in-person appearances 
further provide an opportunity to review with the sex offender the full range of information in the 
registry, and to obtain from the sex offender information about any changes in the registration 
information or new information that has not been reported since the initial registration or the last 
appearance. 
Beyond these functions of directly helping to ensure the accuracy and currency of the 
registration information, the appearance requirement ensures periodic face-to-face encounters 
between the sex offender and persons responsible for his or her registration. For example, if the 
appearance requirement is implemented by a jurisdiction to require that registrants report to local 
police departments or sheriffs' offices, these meetings help to familiarize law enforcement 
personnel with the sex offenders in their areas. This may contribute to the effective discharge of 
the local law enforcement agency's protective and investigative functions in relation to these sex 
offenders, and help to ensure that the agency's responsibility to track these sex offenders is taken 
seriously and consistently enforced. Likewise, from the perspective of the sex offender, periodic 
in-person encounters with officials responsible for their monitoring may help to impress on them 
with greater vividness than remote communications that their identities, locations, and past 
criminal conduct are known to the authorities. Hence, there is a reduced likelihood of their 
avoiding detection and apprehension if they reoffend, and this may help them to resist the 
temptation to reoffend. 
As long as the appearances involve meetings between the sex offenders and officials who 
can carry out the required functions of the meetings, the specific arrangements for such 
appearances and the officials who will conduct them are matters that jurisdictions may determine 
in their discretion. For example, jurisdictions may require sex offenders to report to local law 
enforcement offices for this purpose, or may combine the appearances with meetings between 
sex offenders and their supervision officers if they are under supervision, or may have law 
enforcement, supervision, or registration personnel visit with sex offenders at their homes or 
meet with them at other arranged locations. 
The specific requirements for the conduct of such appearances are as follows: 
• 
Appearances must be conducted at least annually for sex offenders satisfying the "tier I" 
criteria, at least semiannually for sex offenders satisfying the "tier II" criteria, and at least 
quarterly for sex offenders satisfying the "tier III" criteria. (The "tier classifications and 
what they entail are explained in Part V of these Guidelines.) 
• 
The sex offender must allow a current photograph to be taken. This does not mean that 
jurisdictions must require officials conducting these meetings to take a new photograph at 
every appearance and enter the new photograph into the registry. Where the official sees 
that the sex offender's appearance has not changed significantly from a photograph in the 
registry, it may be concluded that the existing photograph remains sufficiently current and 
the taking of a new photograph does not have to be required in such circumstances. 
EFTA00731599
--- PAGE 56 ---
• 
The sex offender must be required to review the existing information in the registry that 
is within his or her knowledge, to correct any item that has changed or is otherwise 
inaccurate, and to provide any new information there may be in the required registration 
information categories. 
• 
Upon entry of the updated information into the registry, it must be immediately 
transmitted by electronic forwarding to all other jurisdictions: (i) in which the sex 
offender is or will be required to register as a resident, employee, or student, or (ii) in 
which the sex offender was required to register as a resident, employee, or student until 
the time of a change of residence, employment, or student status reported in the 
appearance, even if the sex offender may no longer be required to register in that 
jurisdiction in light of the updated information. (This is necessary to carry out 
information sharing requirements appearing in SORNA §§ 119(b) and 121(b)(3).) 
It may come to the attention of a jurisdiction's registration authorities that a sex offender 
has died when the sex offender fails to appear for a scheduled appearance under section 116 or by 
other means. While SORNA does not address the updating of registration information in such 
circumstances, jurisdictions are encouraged, as a matter of sound policy, to promptly update the 
information in the registry and the jurisdiction's public sex offender website to reflect the 
registrant's death, and to notify any other jurisdiction in which he was required to register. This 
does not necessarily mean, however, that all references to the sex offender should be removed 
from the registry and the website. Maintenance of historical information concerning a sex 
offender in the registry—together with the information that he is deceased—may remain of 
value, for example, in facilitating the solution of crimes he committed before his death by 
showing where he was at the time of the crimes. Likewise, maintenance of a public website 
posting for the sex offender (including the information that he is deceased) may remain of value 
since, for example, such a posting could enable victims of his crimes who have been checking on 
his status and location to ascertain that he is no longer alive. 
Like other SORNA registration requirements, the in-person appearance requirements of 
section 116 are only minimum standards. They do not limit, and are not meant to discourage, 
adoption by jurisdictions of more extensive or additional measures for verifying registration 
information. Thus, jurisdictions may require verification of registration information with greater 
frequency than that required by section 116, and may wish to include in their systems additional 
means of verification for registration information, such as mailing address verification forms to 
the registered residence address that the sex offender is required to sign and return, and cross-
checking information provided by the sex offender for inclusion in the registry against other 
records systems. Section 631 of the Adam Walsh Act (M. 109-248) authorizes a separate grant 
program to assist in residence address verification for sex offenders. Additional guidance will be 
provided concerning application for grants under that program if funding for the program 
becomes available. 
XII. 
DURATION OF REGISTRATION 
Section 115(a) of SORNA specifies the minimum required duration of sex offender 
EFTA00731600
--- PAGE 57 ---
registration. It generally requires that sex offenders keep the registration current for 15 years in 
case of a tier I sex offender, for 25 years in case of a tier II sex offender, and for the life of the 
sex offender in case of a tier III sex offender, "excluding any time the sex offender is in custody 
or civilly committed." (The tier classifications and their import are explained in Part V of these 
Guidelines.) The required registration period begins to run upon release from custody for a sex 
offender sentenced to incarceration for the registration offense, and begins to run at the time of 
sentencing for a sex offender who receives a nonincarcerative sentence for the offense. 
The proviso relating to custody or civil commitment reflects the fact that the SORNA 
procedures for keeping up the registration—including appearances to report changes of residence 
or other key information under section 113(c), and periodic appearances for verification under 
section 116—generally presuppose the case of a sex offender who is free in the community. 
Where a sex offender is confined, the public is protected against the risk of his reoffending in a 
more direct way, and more certain means are available for tracking his whereabouts. Hence, 
SORNA does not require that jurisdictions apply the registration procedures applicable to sex 
offenders in the community during periods in which a sex offender is in custody or civilly 
committed. 
However, jurisdictions are not required to "toll" the running of the registration period 
during such subsequent periods of confinement. For example, consider a sex offender released 
from imprisonment in 2010 who is subject to 25 years of registration under the SORNA 
standards as a tier II offender, where the sex offender is subsequently convicted during the 
registration period for committing a robbery and imprisoned for three years for that offense. If 
the jurisdiction would otherwise require the sex offender to register until 2035 (the 25 year 
SORNA minimum), it may wish to extend that to 2038 so that the three years the sex offender 
spent in prison for the robbery is effectively not credited towards the running of the registration 
period. But that is a matter in the jurisdiction's discretion. Terminating the registration in 2035 
would also be consistent with SORNA's requirements. 
Subsection (b) of section 115 allows the registration period to be reduced by 5 years for a 
tier I sex offender who has maintained a "clean record" for 10 years, and allows registration to be 
terminated for a tier III sex offender required to register on the basis of a juvenile delinquency 
adjudication if the sex offender has maintained a "clean record" for 25 years. (The circumstances 
in which registration is required on the basis of juvenile delinquency adjudications are explained 
in Part IV.A of these Guidelines.) There is no authorization to reduce the required 25-year 
duration of registration for tier II sex offenders, or to reduce the required lifetime registration for 
tier III sex offenders required to register on the basis of adult convictions. 
The specific requirements under section 115(b) to satisfy the "clean record" precondition 
for reduction of the registration period are as follows: 
• 
The sex offender must not be convicted of any offense for which imprisonment for more 
than one year may be imposed (§ 115(b)(I)(A)). 
• 
The sex offender must not be convicted of any sex offense (§ 115(b)(1)(B)). In contrast 
EFTA00731601
--- PAGE 58 ---
to section 115(b)(1)(A), section 115(b)(1)(B) is not limited to cases in which the offense 
is one potentially punishable by imprisonment for more than a year. Hence, conviction 
for a sex offense prevents satisfaction of the "clean record" requirement, even if the 
maximum penalty for the offense is less than a year. 
• 
The sex offender must successfully complete any periods of supervised release, 
probation, and parole (§ 115(b)(1)(C)). The requirement of "successfully" completing 
periods of supervision means completing these periods without revocation. 
• 
The sex offender must successfully complete an appropriate sex offender treatment 
program certified by a jurisdiction or by the Attorney General (§ 115(b)(1)(D)). 
Jurisdictions may make their own decisions concerning the design of such treatment 
programs, and jurisdictions may choose the criteria to be applied in determining whether 
a sex offender has "successfully" completed a treatment program, which may involve 
relying on the professional judgment of the persons who conduct or oversee the treatment 
program. 
XIII. ENFORCEMENT OF REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS 
This final part of the Guidelines discusses enforcement of registration requirements under 
the SORNA provisions. It initially discusses the penalties for registration violations under 
SORNA, and then the practical procedures for investigating and dealing with such violations. 
SORNA contemplates that substantial criminal penalties will be available for registration 
violations at the state, local, and federal levels. Section 113(e) of SORNA requires jurisdictions 
(other than Indian tribes) to provide a criminal penalty that includes a maximum term of 
imprisonment greater than one year for the failure of a sex offender to comply with the SORNA 
requirements. Hence, a jurisdiction's implementation of SORNA includes having a failure-to-
register offense for which the maximum authorized term of imprisonment exceeds a year. 
(Indian tribes are not included in this requirement because tribal court jurisdiction does not 
extend to imposing terms of imprisonment exceeding a year.) Section 141(a) of SORNA enacted 
U.S.C. 2250, a new federal failure-to-register offense, which provides federal criminal 
penalties of up to 10 years of imprisonment for sex offenders required to register under SORNA 
who knowingly fail to register or update a registration as required where circumstances 
supporting federal jurisdiction exist, such as interstate or international travel by a sex offender, or 
conviction of a federal sex offense for which registration is required. Federal sex offenders are 
also required to comply with the SORNA registration requirements as mandatory conditions of 
their federal probation, supervised release, or parole, as provided pursuant to amendments 
adopted by section 141(d)-(e), (j) of SORNA. 
In terms of practical enforcement measures, SORNA § 122 requires that an appropriate 
official notify the Attorney General and appropriate law enforcement agencies of failures by sex 
offenders to comply with registration requirements, and that such registration violations must be 
reflected in the registries. The section further provides that the official, the Attorney General, 
and each such law enforcement agency are to take any appropriate action to ensure compliance. 
EFTA00731602
--- PAGE 59 ---
Complementary measures for federal enforcement appear in section 142, which directs the 
Attorney General to use the resources of federal law enforcement, including the United States 
Marshals Service, to assist jurisdictions in locating and apprehending sex offenders who violate 
registration requirements. (Also, SORNA § 623 authorizes grants by the Attorney General to 
states, local governments, tribal governments, and other public and private entities to assist in 
enforcing sex offender registration requirements—additional guidance will be provided 
concerning application for grants under this provision if funding is made available for this 
program.) 
Translating the requirements of section 122 into practical procedures that will ensure 
effective enforcement of sex offender registration requires further definition. Jurisdictions can 
implement the requirements of section 122 by adopting the following procedures: 
• 
Information may be received by a jurisdiction indicating that a sex offender has 
absconded—i.e., has not registered at all, or has moved to some unknown place other 
than the registered place of residence. For example, a sex offender may fail to make a 
scheduled appearance for periodic verification of registration information in his 
jurisdiction of residence as required by SORNA § 116, or may fail to return an address 
verification form mailed to the registered address in a jurisdiction that uses that 
verification procedure. Or a jurisdiction may receive notice from some other jurisdiction 
providing grounds to expect that a sex offender will be coming to live in the 
jurisdiction—such as notice that a sex offender will be moving to the jurisdiction from a 
jurisdiction in which he was previously registered, or notice from federal authorities 
about the expected arrival in the jurisdiction of a released federal sex offender or sex 
offender entering the United States from abroad—but the sex offender then fails to appear 
and register as required. Or a jurisdiction may notify another jurisdiction, based on 
information provided by a sex offender, that the sex offender will be relocating to the 
other jurisdiction, but the supposed destination jurisdiction thereafter informs the original 
registration jurisdiction that the sex offender has failed to appear and register. 
• 
When such information is received by a jurisdiction indicating that a sex offender may 
have absconded, whether one registered in the jurisdiction or expected to arrive from 
another jurisdiction, an effort must be made to determine whether the sex offender has 
actually absconded. If non-law enforcement registration personnel cannot determine this, 
then a law enforcement agency with jurisdiction to investigate the matter must be 
notified. Also, if the information indicating the possible absconding came through notice 
from another jurisdiction or federal authorities, the authorities that provided the 
notification must be informed that the sex offender has failed to appear and register. 
• 
If a jurisdiction receives information indicating that a sex offender may have absconded, 
as described in the preceding bullets, and takes the measures described therein but cannot 
locate the sex offender, then the jurisdiction must take the following steps: 
o 
The information in the registry must be revised to reflect that the sex offender is 
an absconder or unlocatable. 
EFTA00731603
--- PAGE 60 ---
o 
A warrant must be sought for the sex offender's arrest, if the legal requirements 
for doing so are satisfied. 
o 
The United States Marshals Service, which is the lead federal agency for 
investigating sex offender registration violations, must be notified. Also, the 
jurisdiction must update the National Sex Offender Registry to reflect the sex 
offender's status as an absconder or unlocatable and enter the sex offender into the 
National Crime Information Center Wanted Person File (assuming issuance of a 
warrant meeting the requirement for entry into that file). 
The foregoing procedures must be adopted for possible absconder cases to implement 
SORNA § 122. In addition, a jurisdiction's policies must require appropriate follow-up 
measures when information is received indicating violation of the requirement to register in 
jurisdictions of employment or school attendance, whether or not a violation of the requirement 
to register in jurisdictions of residence is implicated. Specifically, a jurisdiction may receive 
information indicating that a sex offender may be employed or attending school in the 
jurisdiction but has not registered as required—for example, failure by the sex offender to appear 
for a required periodic in-person appearance in the employment or school jurisdiction, as 
required by SORNA § 116, or failure by a sex offender to appear and register in the jurisdiction 
following receipt of notice from another jurisdiction that the sex offender is expected to be 
commencing employment or school attendance in the jurisdiction. In such cases, an effort must 
be made to determine whether the sex offender is actually employed or attending school in the 
jurisdiction but has failed to register. If (non-law enforcement) registration personnel cannot 
determine this, then a law enforcement agency with jurisdiction to investigate the matter must be 
notified. 
Date 
Michael B. Mukasey 
Attorney General 
EFTA00731604
--- PAGE 61 ---
Appendix A. Summary of Comments 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
(Docket No. OAG 121; AG Order No. 2978-2008 1 
RIN 1105-AB28 
Office of the Attorney General; The National Guidelines for 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification 
AGENCY: Department of Justice. 
ACTION: Final guidelines. 
SUMMARY: The United States Department of Justice is publishing Final Guidelines to 
interpret and implement the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act. 
EFFECTIVE DATE: July 2, 2008. 
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Laura L. Rogers, Director, SMART Office, 
Office of Justice Programs, United States Department of Justice, Washington, DC, phone: 202-
514-4689, e-mail: Getsmart@usdoj.gov. 
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Since the enactment of the Jacob Wetterling Crimes 
Against Children and Sexually Violent Offender Registration Act (42 U.S.C. 14071) in 1994, 
there have been national standards for sex offender registration and notification in the United 
States. All states currently have sex offender registration and notification programs and have 
endeavored to implement the Wetterling Act standards in their existing programs. 
Title I of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Pub. L. 109-248), the 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), contains a comprehensive revision of 
the national standards for sex offender registration and notification. The SORNA reforms are 
generally designed to strengthen and increase the effectiveness of sex offender registration and 
notification for the protection of the public, and to eliminate potential gaps and loopholes under 
the pre-existing standards by means of which sex offenders could attempt to evade registration 
requirements or the consequences of registration violations. 
Section 112(b) of SORNA (42 U.S.C. 16912(b)) directs the Attorney General to issue 
guidelines to interpret and implement SORNA. The Department of Justice published proposed 
guidelines in the Federal Register on May 30, 2007, for this purpose. See 72 FR 30209 (May 30, 
2007). The comment period ended on August 1, 2007. 
EFTA00731605
--- PAGE 62 ---
These final guidelines provide guidance and assistance to the states and other 
jurisdictions in incorporating the SORNA requirements into their sex offender registration and 
notification programs. Matters addressed in the guidelines include general principles for 
SORNA implementation; the jurisdictions responsible for implementing the SORNA standards 
in their programs; the sex offenders required to register under SORNA and the registration and 
notification requirements they are subject to based on the nature of their offenses and the extent 
of their recidivism; the information to be included in the sex offender registries and the 
disclosure and sharing of such information; the jurisdictions in which sex offenders are required 
to register; the procedures for initially registering sex offenders and for keeping the registration 
current and the registration information up to date; the duration of registration; and the means of 
enforcing registration requirements. 
A summary of the comments received on the proposed guidelines follows, including 
discussion of changes in the final guidelines based on the comments received, followed by the 
text of the final guidelines. 
Summary of Comments on the Proposed Guidelines 
Approximately 275 comments were received on the proposed guidelines. The 
Department of Justice appreciates the interest and insight reflected in the many submissions and 
communications, and has considered them carefully. In general, the comments did not show a 
need to change the overall character of the guidelines, but in some areas the commenters 
provided persuasive reasons to change the proposed guidelines' treatment of significant issues, or 
pointed to a need to provide further clarification about them. 
The initial portion of this summary reviews the most significant and most common issues 
raised in the comments, and identifies changes made in the final guidelines relating to these 
issues. The remainder of the summary thereafter runs through the provisions of the guidelines in 
the order in which they appear, and discusses in greater detail the comments on each topical area 
in the guidelines and changes made (or not made) on the basis of public comments. 
Tribal issues: Comments were received from a number of Indian tribal organizations and 
individual tribes that expressed their strong commitment to the protection of their communities 
from sex offenders through effective registration and notification. These comments, however, 
emphasized the importance of consulting and involving tribal representatives in all aspects of 
SORNA implementation affecting tribal interests, and presented well-founded proposals for 
changing a number of provisions in the guidelines. Specific changes in the final guidelines based 
on these comments include: (i) clarifying that groups of tribes may enter into cooperative 
arrangements among themselves to effect the substantial implementation of the SORNA 
requirements, (ii) striking a provision of the proposed guidelines that was seen as according less 
respect to tribal sex offense convictions than to sex offense convictions in other jurisdictions, and 
(iii) modifying a requirement for sex offenders to register ethnic or tribal names whose 
formulation was overly broad in the proposed guidelines. The comments received on tribal 
issues and resulting changes in the final guidelines are further discussed below in connection 
EFTA00731606
--- PAGE 63 ---
with § 127 of SORNA, the meaning of "conviction" for purposes of SORNA, and required 
registration information under SORNA. 
Treatment of juveniles: Comments were received from various groups and individuals 
objecting to SORNA's treatment of juvenile delinquents. The relevant SORNA provisions 
require registration for juveniles at least 14 years old who are adjudicated delinquent for 
committing particularly serious sexually assaultive crimes (offenses "comparable to aggravated 
sexual abuse"). These comments could not be accommodated in the guidelines to the extent that 
they simply express disagreement with the legislative decision in SORNA § 111(8) that a 
narrowly defined class of juvenile delinquents should be subject to SORNA's requirements, or 
propose that jurisdictions be deemed to have substantially implemented SORNA even if they 
globally dispense with SORNA's registration and notification requirements in relation to 
juveniles. However, the comments have provided grounds for further thought about the 
implementation of § 111(8)'s requirement that juveniles at least age 14 adjudicated delinquent 
for offenses comparable to aggravated sexual abuse be registered, resulting in a substantial 
change in the final guidelines' treatment of this issue. As revised, the guidelines explain that it is 
sufficient for substantial implementation of this aspect of SORNA to require registration for 
(roughly speaking) juveniles at least age 14 who are adjudicated delinquent for offenses 
equivalent to rape or attempted rape, but not for those adjudicated delinquent for lesser sexual 
assaults or non-violent sexual conduct. The comments received on this issue and the changes 
made on the basis of the comments are further discussed below in connection with the 
"substantial implementation" standard under SORNA and in connection with SORNA's concept 
of "conviction" (parts ILE and IV.A of the guidelines). 
Retroactivity: Some commenters objected to, or expressed concerns about, provisions of 
the guidelines that require that jurisdictions apply the SORNA requirements "retroactively" to 
certain categories of offenders whose sex offense convictions predate the enactment of SORNA 
or its implementation in a particular jurisdiction. The guidelines specifically require registering 
in conformity with SORNA sex offenders who remain in the system as prisoners, supervisees, or 
registrants, or who reenter the system through a subsequent criminal conviction. Some 
comments of this type opined that Congress was simply wrong in enacting SORNA's 
requirements for sex offender registration and notification, and that the Attorney General should 
mitigate the resulting harm by defining their scope of application as narrowly as possible. This 
premise cannot be accepted or acted on in issuing guidelines to "interpret and implement" 
SORNA, as SORNA § 112(b) requires the Attorney General to do. Other commenters, however, 
expressed concerns of a more practical nature, based on potential difficulties in finding older 
convictions and determining whether registration is required for them under SORNA's standards. 
The final guidelines address this concern by clarifying that jurisdictions may rely on their normal 
methods and standards in searching criminal records for this purpose, and that information about 
underlying offense conduct or circumstances does not have to be sought beyond that appearing in 
available criminal history information. Parallel explanation has also been provided in relation to 
pre-SORNA (or pre-SORNA-implementation) convictions that raise a sex offender's tier 
classification under SORNA on grounds of recidivism. 
EFTA00731607
--- PAGE 64 ---
Information subject to website posting: Some state officials who submitted comments 
expressed concern that their jurisdictions would be required to post various types of registration 
information on their public sex offender websites—e.g., fingerprints, palm prints, and DNA 
information—that would be of no real interest to the public or inappropriate for public 
disclosure. However, the guidelines identify a limited number of informational items concerning 
a sex offender that must be included on the websites—in essence, name information, address 
information, vehicle information, physical description, sex offenses for which convicted, and a 
current photograph—and do not require website posting of registration information outside of 
these categories. The guidelines in their final formulation have been revised for greater clarity 
concerning the information that must be included on jurisdictions' sex offender websites and the 
information that need not be included. 
Registration jurisdictions: Some commenters raised questions about in-state registration 
requirements, such as whether a sex offender who resides in one county and is employed in 
another would have to register in both counties. The answer is that this is a matter of state 
discretion. The "jurisdictions" in which SORNA requires registration are the 50 States, the five 
principal territories, the District of Columbia, and Indian tribes that have elected to be 
registration jurisdictions in conformity with § 127—the definition does not cover counties, cities, 
towns, or other political subdivisions of states or other covered jurisdictions. SORNA § 113(a) 
provides that sex offenders must register in the jurisdictions (as so defined) in which they live, 
work, or attend school, but SORNA does not prescribe finer requirements as to the particular 
area(s) or location(s) within individual states, territories, or tribes where sex offenders must 
register or make in-person appearances. Questions were also raised whether there is a continuing 
registration requirement under SORNA—beyond initial registration—in relation to the 
jurisdiction in which a sex offender was originally convicted for the registration offense, if the 
sex offender does not reside, work, or attend school in that jurisdiction. The answer is no. While 
SORNA itself (§§ 111(10), 113(a)) and the proposed guidelines reflect these points, some 
additional explicit language has been added about them in the final guidelines to foreclose future 
misunderstandings of this type. 
Offense of conviction versus underlying conduct: Some commenters raised questions 
or provided recommendations as to whether the application of SORNA's requirements depends 
on the elements of the offense for which the sex offender is convicted or the underlying offense 
conduct. The answer to this question may affect whether registration is required by SORNA at 
all, and may affect the "tier" classification of offenders under the SORNA standards. The 
general answer is that jurisdictions are not required by SORNA to look beyond the elements of 
the offense of conviction in determining registration requirements, except with respect to victim 
age. The discussion of the tier classifications has been edited in the final guidelines to make this 
point more clearly. 
Duration of registration: Some commenters expressed uncertainties or criticisms 
relating to provisions in the guidelines affecting the duration of registration. The matters raised 
included (i) whether the running of the registration period is suspended by the subsequent 
incarceration of the sex offender or other subsequent events (tolling), and (ii) the conditions for 
EFTA00731608
--- PAGE 65 ---
reducing registration periods. The discussion of these issues has been revised in some respects in 
the final guidelines for greater clarity. 
Risk assessments: Some commenters asked whether a jurisdiction could be considered to 
have substantially implemented the SORNA requirements if the jurisdiction globally dispensed 
with those requirements and instead based sex offender registration or notification on 
individualized risk assessments of sex offenders. The answer is no, for reasons that are further 
discussed in connection with "substantial implementation" later in this summary. This does not 
mean, however, that SORNA bars jurisdictions from utilizing risk assessments in their systems if 
they so wish. Jurisdictions may have reasons for carrying out such assessments independent of 
registration/notification issues, such as to inform decisions concerning the conditions or duration 
of supervision, and they remain free to utilize such assessments as a basis for prescribing 
registration or notification requirements that exceed the minimum required by SORNA. For 
example, there is no inconsistency with SORNA if a jurisdiction prescribes a longer registration 
period or more frequent verification appearances than the minimum required under SORNA 
§§ 111(2)-(4), 115-16, based on a risk assessment indicating that a sex offender is at "high risk" 
of reoffending, or if a jurisdiction includes on its public sex offender website information 
showing the results of risk assessments of individual offenders. 
Aids to implementation: Some of the commenters recommended the development of 
practical information technology and documentary tools to facilitate SORNA implementation. 
Various measures of this sort will be pursued. The final guidelines themselves will be available 
in a more user-friendly form on the SMART Office website, which will include a table of 
contents with page number references and an index. Per the directive in SORNA § 123, software 
is being developed and communications systems arrangements are being made that will facilitate 
the interjurisdictional exchange of registration information, automate the posting of information 
to sex offender websites and the operation of such websites in conformity with the SORNA 
requirements, and otherwise enable jurisdictions to implement the SORNA requirements in their 
programs as far as possible by using these technological tools. Additional implementation tools 
the SMART Office is developing include: a database of statutes ranging back to approximately 
1960 for all SORNA jurisdictions, which jurisdictions will be able to link to from their registries 
to provide the text of the conviction offense for each registered sex offender; a statutory matrix 
of sex offense provisions from all SORNA jurisdictions, which will assist jurisdictions in 
ascertaining the SORNA registration and notification requirements applicable to offenders 
convicted of these offenses; checklists that jurisdictions will be able to use to evaluate whether 
the SORNA requirements are met in their programs and to structure their submissions to the 
SMART Office establishing SORNA implementation; model forms that jurisdictions will be able 
to use to inform sex offenders about their obligations under SORNA; and model templates for 
jurisdictions to use to create cooperative agreements. 
Jurisdiction-specific questions: Some commenters—particularly state officials with 
responsibilities relating to sex offender registration or notification—submitted extensive 
questions, comments, and observations relating to the implementation of SORNA in their 
jurisdictions. This summary does not attempt to provide an exhaustive account of such 
submissions, or to respond to them point by point. The number of specific questions or 
EFTA00731609
--- PAGE 66 ---
comments of this type is very large and many of them relate to matters that may not arise in, and 
may not be of interest to, jurisdictions other than the particular jurisdiction that submitted the 
questions. Also, these comments largely did not propose changes in the guidelines, but perhaps 
sought confirmation of the guidelines' meaning in relation to certain matters, or practical advice 
or suggestions for implementing the SORNA requirements in particular state systems. The 
SMART Office's cooperative work with all jurisdictions in their SORNA implementation efforts 
will provide a more satisfactory means of answering questions and addressing matters of this 
type than this summary of comments on the proposed SORNA implementation guidelines. 
Residency restrictions and other misunderstandings: A number of commenters 
submitted critical comments concerning supposed requirements that do not appear in SORNA or 
the guidelines. For example, some commenters complained that SORNA or the guidelines 
would prevent sex offenders from living in many areas. But SORNA's requirements are 
informational in nature and do not restrict where sex offenders can live. To the extent that states, 
other SORNA jurisdictions, or municipalities prescribe restrictions on areas that sex offenders 
may enter or reside in, it is a matter in their discretion, and any objections to such restrictions 
would need to be addressed to the governmental entities that adopt them. As a second example, 
some commenters assumed that there is little or no difference between the treatment of adult sex 
offenders and juveniles under SORNA and the guidelines, and that SORNA would require 
registration by teenagers based on consensual sexual conduct with other teenagers of similar age. 
No changes have been made in the guidelines on the basis of such comments because they 
involve incorrect assumptions concerning matters that SORNA and the guidelines do not require. 
Objections to SORNA: Some of the comments stated objections to SORNA generally, 
to specific sex offender registration or notification requirements prescribed by SORNA, or to 
features of the guidelines that straightforwardly reflect SORNA's requirements. Changes have 
not been made in the guidelines based on such comments because the Attorney General has no 
authority to repeal or overrule the national standards for sex offender registration and notification 
that are embodied in SORNA. Rather, the Attorney General's responsibility is to interpret and 
implement those standards in the guidelines, as required by SORNA § 112(b). 
The remainder of this summary discusses comments received on the guidelines' 
provisions in the order in which those provisions appear in the guidelines. 
I. 
Introduction 
No comments were received that provided any persuasive reason to change the 
Introduction, and it remains the same in the final guidelines. 
II. 
General Principles 
A. Terminology 
The proposed guidelines, following the express definition in SORNA § 111(10), used the 
term jurisdictions" to refer to the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the five principal U.S. 
EFTA00731610
--- PAGE 67 ---
territories, and Indian tribes so qualifying under § 127. Some comments received nevertheless 
reflected a misunderstanding of "jurisdictions" in some contexts in the guidelines as including 
political subdivisions of states (e.g., counties). Additional explanation about the meaning of 
"jurisdiction" has been added in the "terminology" section in the final guidelines to foreclose 
misunderstandings of this type. A paragraph has also been added explaining the use of the term 
"imprisonment" in SORNA and the guidelines. 
B. Minimum National Standards 
The proposed guidelines stated that SORNA generally establishes minimum national 
standards, setting a floor, not a ceiling, for jurisdictions' sex offender registration and notification 
programs. Hence, jurisdictions may adopt requirements that encompass the SORNA baseline of 
sex offender registration and notification requirements but exceed them in relation to such 
matters as: the classes of persons who will be required to register; the means by, and frequency 
with which, registration information will be verified; the duration of registration; the time for 
reporting of changes in registration information; and the classes of registrants and the 
information about them that will be included on public sex offender websites. 
Some commenters took issue with this basic premise of the guidelines, asserting that 
SORNA was meant to prescribe the most as well as the least that jurisdictions may do, hence 
precluding jurisdictions from adopting sex offender registration and notification measures that go 
beyond those required by SORNA. This view is mistaken, as may be seen from the provisions of 
SORNA and the Adam Walsh Act, the history of the national standards for sex offender 
registration and notification, and the general principles regarding preemption of state regulation 
by federal law. 
Considering first the provisions of SORNA, § 119(a) provides the current statutory basis 
for the National Sex Offender Registry (NSOR), a central database maintained by the FBI that 
compiles information from the state sex offender registries and makes it available to law 
enforcement agencies on a nationwide basis. Section 119(a) states specifically that "[t]he 
Attorney General shall maintain a national database at the Federal Bureau of Investigation for 
each sex offender and any other person required to register in a jurisdiction's sex offender 
registry." (Emphasis added.) Hence, the authorizing provision for NSOR contemplates 
expressly that NSOR's contents will not be limited to persons satisfying the SORNA § 111(1), 
(5)-(8) definition of "sex offender"—which defines the universe of individuals required to 
register under SORNA's standards—but rather also will include information concerning "other 
person[s]" whom jurisdictions require to register. For example, as the guidelines note, 
jurisdictions may choose to require registration by certain classes of persons who are non-
convicts and hence outside the SORNA definition of "sex offender"—such as persons acquitted 
of sexually violent crimes or child molestation offenses on the ground of insanity, or persons 
released following civil commitment as sexually dangerous persons. SORNA § 119(a) explicitly 
confirms the propriety of including information on such registrants in NSOR. If, however, there 
had been a legislative objective to exclude all such persons from any requirement to register, as 
EFTA00731611
--- PAGE 68 ---
these commenters suppose, it would have been perverse for SORNA to provide that these 
persons are to be included in the National Sex Offender Registry. 
SORNA § 120, which provides the statutory basis for the Dru Sjodin National Sex 
Offender Public Website, similarly shows that SORNA was not intended to prescribe the 
maximum that jurisdictions may do. The website in question, maintained by the Department of 
Justice at www.nsopr.gov, is a search mechanism that provides convenient access through a 
single national site to the information available on the individual jurisdictions' public sex 
offender websites. Section 120(b) states that "[t]he Website shall include relevant information 
for each sex offender and other person listed on a jurisdiction's Internet site." (Emphasis added.) 
Hence, the provision for the national public website expressly contemplates, and allows for the 
inclusion of, registrants in addition to those satisfying the SORNA definition of "sex offender," 
and assumes that there will be public notification concerning such registrants through website 
posting. On the view of the commenters who assert that the SORNA standards define a ceiling 
for jurisdictions' programs, SORNA establishes a federal policy against registration and 
notification for persons who do not satisfy the SORNA definition of "sex offender." However, if 
a jurisdiction violates this alleged federal policy by requiring such persons to register and posting 
them on its sex offender website, then the violation is to be compounded by posting them on the 
national sex offender website as well, as SORNA § 120 requires. There is no merit to an 
understanding that would impute to SORNA such contradictory objectives. 
A third provision of similar import is 18 U.S.C. 4042(c) (entitled "notice of sex offender 
release"), which requires notice to state and local law enforcement and to state or local sex 
offender registration agencies concerning the release to their areas of certain federal prisoners 
and probationers. The persons for whom such release notice is required are those "required to 
register under the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act" and in addition "any other 
person in a category specified by the Attorney General." 18 U.S.C. 4042(c)( I), (3), as amended 
by SORNA § 141(f)-(g). The "any other person" language provides the Attorney General the 
authority to facilitate jurisdictions' registration requirements that go beyond the SORNA 
minimum by affording release notice to the jurisdictions' registration authorities concerning 
persons who may be subject to such broader requirements, even if they are not required to 
register by the SORNA standards. This would make no sense if there were a federal policy 
against jurisdictions' registering individuals who are not required to register by SORNA. 
A fourth provision of this type, appearing later in the Adam Walsh Act, is § 631, which 
authorizes funding to assist jurisdictions in periodic verification of the registered addresses of sex 
offenders. The history of this provision indicates that its purpose is to support special measures 
jurisdictions may adopt to ensure that sex offenders remain at their registered addresses, such as 
mailing to the registered address verification forms that the sex offender is required to sign and 
return—measures that are supplementary to in-person appearances by sex offenders, which are 
the only means of periodic verification of registration information that SORNA requires in its 
enacted form. Compare SORNA §§ 116, 631, with H.R. 3132, §§ 116, 118, 109th Cong., 1st 
Sess. (2005) (as passed by the House of Representatives). However, under the commenters' 
theory that SORNA defines the maximum sex offender registration measures jurisdictions may 
EFTA00731612
--- PAGE 69 ---
adopt, there would be no room for a program like that authorized in § 631 of the Adam Walsh 
Act to encourage additional measures promoting effective sex offender tracking and location. 
The general history and formulation of SORNA also imply that jurisdictions have 
discretion to go beyond the minimum registration and notification measures required by SORNA. 
SORNA was preceded by the national standards for sex offender registration under the Jacob 
Wetterling Crimes Against Children and Sexually Violent Offender Registration Act (42 U.S.C. 
14071), which was initially enacted in 1994. 
The general approach of SORNA parallels that of the Wetterling Act. Both enactments 
set forth standards that address the various aspects of sex offender tracking and public 
notification, but they do not purport to exhaust the measures that jurisdictions may wish to adopt 
for these purposes, or to preempt additional regulation by jurisdictions of persons who have 
committed sexual offenses. The Attorney General's guidelines under the Wetterling Act 
consistently interpreted that Act's requirements as minimum standards that states are free to 
exceed. See 64 FR 572, 575 (1999) ("[T]he Act's standards constitute a floor for state programs, 
not a ceiling .... For example, a state may have a registration system that covers broader classes 
of offenders than those identified in the Act, requires address verification for registered offenders 
at more frequent intervals than the Act prescribes, or requires offenders to register for a longer 
period of time than the period specified in the Act. Exercising these options creates no problem 
of compliance because the Act's provisions concerning duration of registration, covered 
offenders, and other matters do not limit state discretion to impose more extensive or stringent 
requirements that encompass the Act's baseline requirements."); 62 FR 39009, 39013 (1997) 
(same); 61 FR 15110, 15112 (1996) (same); see also 70 FR 12721, 12724 (2005) (same 
understanding in proposed guidelines for final amendments to the Wetterling Act preceding 
enactment of SORNA). 
Given that this understanding of the national standards under the Wetterling Act was set 
forth in public guidelines for over a decade prior to the enactment of the successor national 
standards of SORNA, the reasonable expectation at the time of SORNA's enactment was that the 
SORNA standards would be understood in the same way, absent a new legislative direction to 
the contrary. Hence, continuing the approach of the Wetterling Act, SORNA does not bar 
jurisdictions from adopting additional regulation of sex offenders for the protection of the public, 
beyond the specific measures that SORNA requires. 
Under both the Wetterling Act and SORNA, the "floor, not ceiling" principle is qualified 
in one area. Specifically, in relation to public disclosure of information on registrants, the 
Wetterling Act standards required release of relevant information necessary to protect the public, 
but with the proviso that "the identity of a victim of an offense that requires registration under 
this section shall not be released." 42 U.S.C. 14071(e)(2). The exclusion of victim identity from 
public disclosure is carried forward in SORNA § 118(b), which specifies "mandatory 
exemptions" from the posting of registration information on jurisdictions' sex offender websites. 
Specifically, § 118(b)(1) states that a jurisdiction shall exempt from disclosure "the identity of 
any victim of a sex offense." In addition, reflecting that SORNA § 114 requires a broader range 
of registration information than had been required under the Wetterling Act standards, some of 
EFTA00731613
--- PAGE 70 ---
which may be inappropriate for public disclosure through website posting, SORNA § 118(b) 
states additional mandatory exemptions for Social Security numbers, arrests not resulting in 
conviction, and any other information exempted from disclosure by the Attorney General. 
The statement of these limited exceptions provides further confirmation for the general 
principle that SORNA's aim is to define a floor, not a ceiling, for jurisdictions' sex offender 
registration and notification programs. Under both the Wetterling Act and SORNA, there is one 
area—public disclosure of registration information—in which there is an overt legislative 
decision that the federal law standards should impose some affirmative limitation on how far 
jurisdictions may go. In both the Wetterling Act and SORNA this judgment is reflected in 
explicit statutory provisions stating that certain information shall not be disclosed. So a model 
for instructing jurisdictions about what they should not do exists, and one would expect similar 
express statements of limitation had SORNA been meant to prescribe upper bounds on 
jurisdictions' registration measures in other areas. In SORNA, however, as in the Wetterling 
Act, such statements of limitation do not appear in other contexts. 
The practical consequences of reinterpreting the national standards to establish a ceiling 
for jurisdictions' registration and notification programs must also be considered. During the 
period in which the Wetterling Act defined the national baseline for sex offender registration and 
notification, states were free to go beyond the specified minimum, as discussed above, and 
commonly did so. For example, the Wetterling Act standards required 10 years of registration 
for sex offenders generally, and lifetime registration for aggravated offenders and recidivists. See 
U.S.C. 14071(b)(6). But many jurisdictions have adopted durational requirements for 
registration that exceed the Wetterling Act's minimum, and may also exceed the current SORNA 
minimum in relation to many sex offenders-such as making lifetime registration the norm in 
relation to registrants generally, as may be provided in some existing registration programs. 
Hence, taking the SORNA standards as a ceiling for such programs would require many 
jurisdictions to reduce or eliminate sex offender registration and notification requirements that 
they were free to adopt under the Wetterling Act standards and currently apply in their programs. 
That is not plausibly the objective of a law (SORNA) enacted with the general purpose of 
strengthening sex offender registration and notification in the United States. 
The general principles governing federal preemption of state regulation lead to the same 
conclusion. SORNA's regulatory system for sex offenders involves a combination of federal and 
non-federal elements. In part, SORNA directly prescribes registration requirements that sex 
offenders must comply with, and authorizes the Attorney General to augment or further specify 
those requirements in certain areas. See §§ 113(a)-(d), 114(a), 115(a), 116. These requirements 
are subject to direct federal enforcement, including prosecution under 18 U.S.C. 2250 where 
violations occur under circumstances supporting federal jurisdiction, and prescription of 
compliance with the SORNA requirements as mandatory conditions of supervision for federal 
sex offenders under 18 U.S.C. 3563(a)(8), 3583(d). SORNA provides incentives for states and 
other covered jurisdictions to incorporate its registration requirements for sex offenders, and 
other registration and notification-related measures set out in other provisions of SORNA, into 
their own sex offender registration and notification programs. See §§ 112(a), 113(c) (second 
sentence), 113(e), 114(b), 117, 118, 121, 122, 124-27. The overall SORNA scheme also 
EFTA00731614
--- PAGE 71 ---
incorporates federal superstructure and assistance measures that support and leverage the 
jurisdictions' individual registration and notification programs. See §§ 119, 120, 122, 123, 128, 
142, 144, 146. The Attorney General is authorized to issue guidelines and regulations to 
interpret and implement SORNA. See § 112(b). 
The commenters who took issue with the "floor, not ceiling" principle in the proposed 
guidelines asserted that the registration and notification requirements set out in SORNA are 
meant to be exhaustive and preemptive, precluding any additional regulation of released sex 
offenders by (non-federal) jurisdictions for the protection of the public. But "[w]hen considering 
pre-emption, we start with the assumption that the historic police powers of the States were not 
to be superseded by the Federal Act unless that was the clear and manifest purpose of Congress." 
Wisconsin Public Intervenor v. Monier, 501 U.S. 597, 605 (1991) (internal quotation marks 
omitted). 
One way a "clear and manifest" preemptive purpose may be shown is through "explicit 
pre-emptive language." 501 U.S. at 605. But SORNA contains no explicit preemption 
provision, which says that states or other jurisdictions cannot adopt regulatory measures beyond 
those that SORNA requires. The various provisions in SORNA regarding jurisdictions' 
implementation of SORNA are best understood as being satisfied if a jurisdiction incorporates 
the SORNA requirements in its program, with no negative implication concerning the 
jurisdiction's discretion to adopt additional requirements. See SORNA §§ 112(a) (each 
jurisdiction to maintain a sex offender registry conforming to the requirements of SORNA), 124 
(each jurisdiction to implement SORNA within specified time frames), 125 (funding reduction 
for jurisdictions that fail to substantially implement SORNA), 126 (authorizing funding 
assistance for implementation of SORNA). 
Absent explicit preemption, "Congress' intent to supersede state law in a given area may 
nonetheless be implicit if a scheme of federal regulation is so pervasive as to make reasonable 
the inference that Congress left no room for the States to supplement it." 501 U.S. at 605 
(internal quotation marks omitted). SORNA, however, obviously leaves room for states (and 
other jurisdictions) to supplement its requirements. As discussed above, this point is recognized 
in provisions of SORNA relating to its federal superstructure elements, such as the National Sex 
Offender Registry and the Dru Sjodin National Sex Offender Website, which expressly 
presuppose that the jurisdictions' programs may go beyond the SORNA-required minimum. 
Preemption may also be inferred if "the Act of Congress ... touch[es] a field in which the 
federal interest is so dominant that the federal system will be assumed to preclude enforcement of 
state laws on the same subject." 501 U.S. at 605 (internal quotation marks omitted). There is, 
however, no such predominant federal interest with respect to sex offender registration and 
notification. The interest of the individual states (and other covered jurisdictions) in the 
protection of their people from sex offenders through appropriate regulatory measures and public 
disclosure of relevant information is at least equal to that of the federal government, and falls 
within an area of traditional state power and responsibility. 
EFTA00731615
--- PAGE 72 ---
Mother ground for inferring preemption is "if the goals sought to be obtained and the 
obligations imposed reveal a purpose to preclude state authority." 501 U.S. at 605 (internal 
quotation marks omitted). Here as well, SORNA does not support such an inference. The 
general purpose of SORNA is "to protect the public from sex offenders and offenders against 
children," and to that end Congress in SORNA "establish[ed] a comprehensive national system 
for the registration of those offenders." SORNA § 102. The SORNA requirements are 
"comprehensive" in the sense that SORNA provides a full set of national baseline requirements 
and procedures for sex offender registration and notification, replacing the previous national 
standards under the Wetterling Act. See SORNA § 129 (repeal of Wetterling Act upon 
completion of implementation period for SORNA). Moreover, SORNA is more comprehensive 
and contemplates greater uniformity among jurisdictions than the previous Wetterling Act 
standards in that it generally establishes a higher national baseline. But the 
"comprehensive[ness]" of the SORNA requirements cannot be understood to reflect an intent to 
preclude any and all differences among jurisdictions. Some provisions in SORNA expressly 
authorize variations among jurisdictions. See §§ 118(c) (discretionary exemption of certain 
information from website posting by jurisdictions), 125(b) (authorizing accommodation of state 
constitutional restrictions). Various other SORNA provisions, as discussed above, recognize that 
jurisdictions may go beyond the SORNA minimum and they provide for the accommodation of 
such differences in SORNA's federal superstructure elements, including the National Sex 
Offender Registry and the Dru Sjodin National Sex Offender Website. These express provisions 
are at odds with any understanding of the "comprehensive[ness]" of the SORNA standards in a 
preemptive sense, so as to preclude the adoption by states or other covered jurisdictions of 
measures that seek to go further in order to advance SORNA's basic purpose, i.e., "[i]n order to 
protect the public from sex offenders and offenders against children." SORNA § 102. 
Finally, "[e]ven when Congress has not chosen to occupy a particular field, pre-emption 
may occur to the extent that state and federal law actually conflict." 501 U.S. at 605. The 
comments received on the proposed guidelines included one argument along these lines, relating 
specifically to the provisions in SORNA § 115 concerning the duration of registration. 
By way of background, subsection (a) of § 115 requires a sex offender to register "for the 
full registration period . . . unless the offender is allowed a reduction under subsection (b)." The 
"full registration period[s]" specified in subsection (a) of § 115 are 15 years for tier I sex 
offenders, 25 years for tier II sex offenders, and life for tier III sex offenders. Subsection (b) of 
§ 115 in turn provides that the full registration period required by federal law shall be reduced for 
certain sex offenders who maintain a "clean record" as defined in the statute. Specifically, the 
"full registration period" specified for tier I sex offenders in subsection (a)(1) is 15 years, but if 
the sex offender maintains a clean record for 10 years, subsection (b) reduces by five years the 
period for which subsection (a) would otherwise require such a sex offender to register. The 
other "clean record" reduction of the registration period required by federal law under § 115(b) is 
for tier III sex offenders registered on the basis of juvenile delinquency adjudications who 
maintain a clean record for 25 years; no reduction is authorized for tier II sex offenders or for tier 
III sex offenders registered on the basis of adult convictions. 
EFTA00731616
--- PAGE 73 ---
One of the commenters argued that these provisions presuppose that the "full registration 
period[s]" specified in § 115(a) are the longest registration periods SORNA allows jurisdictions 
to impose on sex offenders. For if a jurisdiction required lifetime registration for a tier I sex 
offender, the five-year reduction of the full registration period § 115(b) requires in case the sex 
offender maintains a "clean record" for 10 years could not meaningfully be applied. 
However, in the context of § 115, the federal registration periods described in subsection 
(a) are referred to as the "full" registration periods to distinguish such periods from the reduced 
federal registration periods required under subsection (b) if certain "clean record" conditions are 
satisfied. There is no basis for taking subsection (a)'s requirement that sex offenders register for 
the periods specified in that subsection as implying that jurisdictions cannot prescribe longer or 
additional registration requirements for sex offenders. Subsection (b) of § 115 provides that the 
period for which SORNA requires a sex offender to register shall be reduced upon satisfaction of 
the "clean record" conditions specified in that subsection, but no inference follows that states (or 
other jurisdictions) lack the discretion to require on their own authority that sex offenders 
continue to register beyond the periods that SORNA requires them to register. 
Hence, a jurisdiction has not failed to implement the SORNA requirements if it 
terminates registration for tier I sex offenders after they have maintained "clean records" for 10 
years, as § 115(b) allows. But if a jurisdiction chooses instead to require longer periods of 
registration for such offenders, including lifetime registration, it has done nothing that SORNA 
prohibits. As with SORNA's requirements generally, § 115's durational requirements for 
registration define the minimum, and not the maximum, requirements for the jurisdictions' 
registration programs. 
Accordingly, no change has been made in the final guidelines as to the general principle 
that SORNA defines a floor, not a ceiling, for jurisdictions' sex offender registration and 
notification programs. Changes in the final guidelines relating to this issue are limited to edits in 
Parts II.B and XII for greater clarity on the points reflected in the foregoing discussion. 
C. Retroactivity 
The proposed guidelines require the application by a jurisdiction of SORNA's 
requirements to sex offenders convicted prior to the enactment of SORNA or its implementation 
in the jurisdiction, if they remain in the system as prisoners, supervisees, or registrants, or if they 
reenter the system because of subsequent criminal convictions. Some commenters objected to 
this feature of the proposed guidelines as adversely affecting sex offenders in these classes. 
However, the effects of SORNA's registration and notification requirements on sex offenders are 
much the same regardless of whether their sex offense convictions occurred before or after 
SORNA's enactment or its implementation in a particular jurisdiction. Likewise, the public 
safety concerns presented by sex offenders are much the same, regardless of when they were 
convicted. The SORNA standards reflect a legislative judgment that SORNA's registration and 
notification requirements, even if disagreeable from the standpoint of sex offenders who are 
subject to them, are justified by the resulting benefits in promoting public safety. The comments 
received do not establish that this legislative judgment is wrong, and in any event such a premise 
EFTA00731617
--- PAGE 74 ---
could not be accepted in the formulation of guidelines whose objective is to "interpret and 
implement" SORNA's standards, see SORNA § 112(b), not to second-guess the legislative 
policies they embody. 
Moreover, the specific provisions of the guidelines relating to "retroactivity" incorporate 
some features that may limit their effect on sex offenders with older convictions. While 
SORNA's requirements apply to all sex offenders, regardless of when they were convicted, see 
CFR 72.3, the guidelines do not require jurisdictions to identify and register every such sex 
offender. Rather, as stated in the guidelines, a jurisdiction will be considered to have 
substantially implemented SORNA if it applies SORNA's requirements to sex offenders who 
remain in the system as prisoners, supervisees, or registrants, or reenter the system through 
subsequent convictions. So the guidelines do not require a jurisdiction to register in conformity 
with SORNA sex offenders who have fully left the system and merged into the general 
population at the time the jurisdiction implements SORNA, if they do not reoffend. A further 
limitation permitted by the guidelines is that a jurisdiction may credit a sex offender with a pre-
SORNA conviction with the time elapsed from his release (or the time elapsed from sentencing, 
in case of a nonincarcerative sentence) in determining what, if any, remaining registration time is 
required. To the extent that a jurisdiction exercises this option, the effect of retroactive 
application on sex offenders with pre-SORNA convictions may be further reduced. 
Where the critical comments about the guidelines' treatment of retroactivity went beyond 
considerations that fail to distinguish sex offenders with pre-SORNA (or pre-SORNA-
implementation) convictions from those with more recent convictions, they tended to argue that 
retroactive application of SORNA's requirements would be unconstitutional, or would be unfair 
to sex offenders who could not have anticipated the resulting applicability of SORNA's 
requirements at the time of their entry of a guilty plea to the predicate sex offense. However, as 
non-punitive regulatory measures, the SORNA requirements do not implicate the Constitution's 
prohibition of ex post facto laws. Moreover, fairness does not require that an offender, at the 
time he acknowledges his commission of the crime and pleads guilty, be able to anticipate all 
future regulatory measures that may be adopted in relation to persons like him for public safety 
purposes. The comments received provided no persuasive distinction on these points between 
the SORNA requirements and the sex offender registration and notification measures upheld by 
the Supreme Court against an ex post facto challenge in Smith v. Doe, 538 U.S. 84 (2003). 
For the foregoing reasons, no changes have been made in the final guidelines relating to 
retroactivity based on the comments alleging an adverse effect on sex offenders. Some critical 
comments were also received relating to the guidelines' treatment of retroactivity based on 
potential practical difficulties for jurisdictions in identifying offenders in the relevant classes and 
determining what SORNA requires in relation to them. These comments are discussed below in 
connection with Part IX of the guidelines. 
D. Automation — Electronic Databases and Software 
Some commenters asked for a more extensive set of technological or documentary tools 
to facilitate the implementation of SORNA in their jurisdictions. The SMART Office is 
EFTA00731618
--- PAGE 75 ---
developing, and will make available to jurisdictions, a wide range of tools of this type. 
Descriptions of many of them appear in the initial portion of this summary, under the caption 
"aids to implementation." 
E. Implementation 
The final guidelines, like the proposed guidelines, explain the "substantial 
implementation" standard for jurisdictions' implementation of the SORNA requirements as 
affording a limited latitude to approve measures that do not exactly follow the provisions of 
SORNA or the guidelines, where the departure from a SORNA requirement does not 
substantially disserve the requirement's objective. Some commenters urged that a much broader 
understanding of the "substantial implementation" standard should be adopted, under which a 
jurisdiction's registration and notification system could be approved even if the jurisdiction made 
no effort to do (either exactly or approximately) what SORNA requires according to its terms, 
but rather adopted a fundamentally different approach to sex offender registration and 
notification generally or to particular registration or notification requirements. 
In practical terms, this understanding of "substantial implementation" would potentially 
negate all of the particular legislative judgments in SORNA concerning sex offender registration 
and notification requirements. It would effectively treat them as a set of suggestions for 
furthering public safety in relation to released sex offenders, which could be dispensed with 
based on arguments that other approaches would further that general objective, though not 
encompassing the specific minimum measures that SORNA prescribes or anything close to those 
measures. 
This reinterpretation of the substantial implementation standard has not been adopted in 
the final guidelines because it would defeat SORNA's objective of establishing a national 
baseline for sex offender registration and notification. Section 125 of SORNA illuminates this 
point. Subsection (a) of that section requires a reduction of Byrne Grant finding to jurisdictions 
that fail to "substantially implement this title [i.e., SORNA]" within the applicable time frame. 
Subsection (b) of the section recognizes, however, that there may be some instances in which a 
jurisdiction cannot substantially implement SORNA "because of a demonstrated inability to 
implement certain provisions that would place a jurisdiction in violation of its constitution, as 
determined by a ruling of the jurisdiction's highest court." In such circumstances, the section 
provides that the Attorney General and the jurisdiction are to consult to verify that there is an 
actual conflict between the state constitution and SORNA's requirements and to determine 
whether any such conflict can be reconciled. If there proves to be an irreconcilable conflict, then 
special provision is made for such situations, as provided in § 125(b)(3): "If the jurisdiction is 
unable to substantially implement this title because of a limitation imposed by the jurisdiction's 
constitution, the Attorney General may determine that the jurisdiction is in compliance with this 
Act if the jurisdiction has made, or is in the process of implementing reasonable alternative 
procedures or accommodations, which are consistent with the purposes of this Act." 
Hence, § 125 distinguishes between two standards for approval of a jurisdiction's 
SORNA implementation efforts: (i) the generally applicable standard of "substantial 
EFTA00731619
--- PAGE 76 ---
implementation," and (ii) a more permissive standard allowing reasonable alternative procedures 
or accommodations that are consistent with SORNA's purposes. The latter (more permissive) 
standard is applicable only to the extent that there is an irreconcilable conflict between 
substantial implementation of SORNA's requirements and what the jurisdiction's constitution 
allows. 
The commenters who have urged an open-ended understanding of the "substantial 
implementation" standard would collapse the distinction drawn by § 125 between substantial 
implementation on the one hand and, on the other, alternative measures that do not substantially 
implement SORNA's requirements but aim to further its purposes in some more general way. 
Under § 125, the latter are allowed only if state constitutional restrictions preclude doing 
substantially what SORNA requires according to its terms. But under these commenters' view, 
alternative measures could be allowed without any particular limitation, even where a 
jurisdiction's constitution creates no impediment to doing what SORNA's provisions prescribe. 
Given the clear distinction that § 125 draws between substantial implementation of SORNA and 
adoption of alternative measures that are consistent with SORNA's purposes (but do not 
substantially implement SORNA), the commenters' view on this point cannot be reconciled with 
SORNA. 
This point can be illustrated concretely by considering specific alternatives that some 
commenters have proposed. For example, some commenters have urged that "risk-based" 
approaches to sex offender registration and notification—i.e., systems in which registration or 
notification requirements are premised on individualized risk assessments of offenders-should 
be approved as substantially implementing SORNA. 
The terminology utilized by the commenters on this point—distinguishing systems that 
incorporate SORNA's requirements from "risk-based" systems-is misleading, in that SORNA 
gives weight to various factors that are reasonably related to the risk that sex offenders may pose 
to others and the need for protective measures. Not all persons who have committed offenses of 
a sexual nature are required to register under SORNA's standards, but only those convicted for 
"sex offenses" as defined in SORNA § 111(5). The definition incorporates a number of 
limitations, including general exclusions of offenses involving consensual sexual conduct 
between adults, and of offenses involving consensual sexual conduct with minors at least 13 
years old where the offender is not more than four years older. Within the universe of sex 
offenders who are required to register under the SORNA standards, SORNA does not prescribe 
registration and notification requirements indiscriminately. Rather, SORNA varies the required 
duration of registration, the frequency of required in-person appearances for verification, and 
required public notification through website posting, based on "tier" criteria that take account of 
such factors as the nature and seriousness of the offense, the age of the victim, and the extent of 
the offender's recidivism. See SORNA § 111(2)-(4), 115-16, 118(c)(1). SORNA also reduces 
the periods for which it requires sex offenders to register in certain circumstances based on 
criteria relating to the offender's subsequent conduct, including avoidance of further offending, 
successful completion of supervision, and successful completion of treatment. See SORNA 
§ 115(b)(1). Moreover, given that SORNA generally defines a floor rather than a ceiling for 
jurisdictions' registration and notification programs, there is no inconsistency with SORNA if a 
EFTA00731620
--- PAGE 77 ---
jurisdiction carries out risk assessments of offenders that take into account a broader range of 
factors, and prescribes registration or notification requirements beyond the SORNA minimum 
requirements based on the results of such assessments. 
These commenters' recommendation, however, is that systems should be approved as 
substantially implementing SORNA that do not incorporate the SORNA minimum requirements, 
but rather prescribe lesser registration or notification requirements (or no requirements) for sex 
offenders, unless they are deemed to meet some threshold or level of risk based on risk 
assessments that take account of factors beyond those allowed under SORNA's provisions. The 
grounds offered in support of this recommendation are that such systems arguably offer various 
benefits in comparison with SORNA's standards, such as focusing registration and notification 
more effectively on the offenders who are likely to pose the greatest risk to the public, and 
providing registrants with an incentive to follow the rules and improve their behavior, where 
doing so may reduce their risk scores and hence result in a reduction or termination of 
registration or notification. 
This recommendation cannot be accepted because the systems described by such 
commenters do not substantially implement the SORNA requirements, and do not attempt to do 
so. Rather, they propose to forego implementation of what SORNA does require in favor of 
pursuing different approaches that the commenters view as preferable means of promoting public 
safety from sex offenders. 
There is one circumstance in which SORNA allows the approval of such alternative 
measures to be considered. Suppose that the highest court of a jurisdiction rules that the 
jurisdiction's constitution does not permit certain registration or notification measures required 
by SORNA to be taken in relation to a sex offender, unless the offender is found to satisfy some 
threshold or level of risk based on a risk assessment that gives weight to factors that SORNA's 
specific provisions do not allow as grounds for waiving or reducing registration or notification 
requirements. In the presence of such an irreconcilable conflict with the jurisdiction's 
constitution, the Attorney General would be permitted under SORNA § 125(b)(3) to approve the 
jurisdiction's adoption of reasonable alternative procedures that are consistent with SORNA's 
purposes, but that incorporate reliance on risk assessments and depart from compliance with 
SORNA's specific requirements to the extent necessitated by the conflict. However, the 
commenters' recommendation is that systems going below the SORNA-required minima based 
on risk assessments should be allowed as "substantial implementation" of SORNA even where 
implementing SORNA according to its terms would not conflict with the jurisdiction's 
constitution. This recommendation cannot be accepted because it is inconsistent with the 
distinction that § 125 draws between substantial implementation of SORNA and reasonable 
alternative measures that do not substantially implement SORNA but are consistent with 
SORNA's purposes. Understanding "substantial implementation" so broadly would potentially 
reduce SORNA's specific standards to mere advice, and would conflict with the provisions in 
§ 125 that specially authorize a more permissive standard only under narrowly defined 
circumstances involving constitutional conflicts. 
EFTA00731621
--- PAGE 78 ---
The response is essentially the same to other specific alternatives that some commenters 
have urged as "substantially implementing" SORNA, such as not requiring registration by 
juveniles adjudicated delinquent for sex offenses under any circumstances, or making registration 
or notification for such delinquents a matter of judicial discretion. SORNA § 111(8) 
incorporates considered legislative judgments concerning the class of juvenile delinquency 
adjudications that are to be treated as "convictions" for purposes of SORNA's registration and 
notification requirements, a point that is discussed in greater detail below in connection with Part 
IV.A of the guidelines. The effect of the § 111(8) definition is that the application of SORNA's 
registration and notification requirements to juvenile delinquents is generally limited to those 
who are at least 14 years old and who are adjudicated delinquent for the most serious sexually 
assaultive crimes. In addition, SORNA § 115(b)(3)(B) allows the registration periods for persons 
required to register based on juvenile delinquency adjudications to be reduced in certain 
circumstances, based on their subsequent good behavior, where no corresponding reduction is 
allowed for offenders required to register based on adult convictions. 
These commenters' proposal is in effect that a jurisdiction should be deemed to have 
substantially implemented SORNA with respect to the treatment of juveniles adjudicated 
delinquent for sex offenses if it ignores what SORNA provides on this issue, and instead does 
something different that the commenters believe to be better policy. As with the earlier example 
of "risk assessment" systems, there are circumstances under which SORNA would allow 
alternative approaches with respect to juvenile delinquents to be considered. Suppose, for 
example, that the highest court of a jurisdiction holds that the jurisdiction's constitution does not 
permit categorical registration or notification requirements for juvenile delinquents—even for the 
narrowly defined class of juveniles adjudicated delinquent for the most serious sexually 
assaultive crimes, as described in SORNA § 111(8). Rather, the court holds that the 
jurisdiction's constitution requires that such measures be contingent on judicial determinations 
that registration or notification is appropriate for particular juveniles. In the presence of such an 
irreconcilable conflict with the jurisdiction's constitution, the Attorney General would be 
permitted under SORNA § 125(b)(3) to approve the jurisdiction's adoption of reasonable 
alternative procedures that are consistent with SORNA's purposes, but that depart from 
compliance with SORNA's requirements regarding juveniles to the extent necessitated by the 
conflict. However, the commenters' proposal is that the same latitude should be afforded as 
"substantial implementation" of SORNA even where there is no conflict with the jurisdiction's 
constitution in implementing SORNA's provisions regarding juveniles according to their terms. 
This is not consistent with SORNA for the reasons discussed above. 
For the foregoing reasons, no change has been made in the final guidelines as to the basic 
understanding of the substantial implementation standard. There is some limited modification in 
the final guidelines' explanation of this standard for greater clarity concerning the points noted in 
the discussion above. 
III. 
Covered Jurisdictions 
EFTA00731622
--- PAGE 79 ---
The comments received did not show a need to change the guidelines' explanation 
concerning the "jurisdictions" that are subject to SORNA's requirements, except with respect to 
the treatment of Indian tribes. 
Section 127 of SORNA provides the standards that determine whether an Indian tribe is a 
registration jurisdiction for purposes of SORNA. Section 127 generally afforded tribes an 
election between carrying out the SORNA requirements as jurisdictions subject to its provisions, 
or electing to delegate the SORNA registration and notification functions to the states within 
which the tribes are located. The period for such elections by tribes under § 127 ended on July 
27, 2007. Within that period, close to 200 tribes—the vast majority of those eligible to make an 
election under § 127—elected to be SORNA registration jurisdictions. Tribes that have made 
this election are not required to duplicate sex offender registration and notification functions that 
are carried out by the states in which they are located, and are free to enter into agreements with 
such states for the shared or cooperative discharge of these functions, as provided in § 127(b). 
The discussion of § 127 in the guidelines has been updated to reflect the expiration of the period 
for tribal elections under that provision. 
As noted at the start of this summary, there are also substantive changes in the final 
guidelines that have been adopted on the basis of comments received from groups or associations 
of tribes, individual tribes, or their representatives, relating to the status or treatment of Indian 
tribes as SORNA jurisdictions or associated consequences. These include some changes of 
broad effect. 
The final guidelines provide that tribes may enter into cooperative arrangements among 
themselves to effect the substantial implementation of the SORNA requirements. For example, a 
group of tribes with adjacent territories may find it helpful to enter into an agreement under 
which the participating tribes contribute resources and information to the extent of their 
capacities, but the tribal police department (or some other agency) of one of the tribes in the 
group has primary responsibility for the direct discharge of the various functions required for 
registration of sex offenders subject to the jurisdiction of any of the tribes in the group. Under 
such an arrangement, the responsible agency in the selected tribe might generally handle initially 
registering sex offenders who enter the jurisdiction of any of the tribes in the group, receiving 
information from those sex offenders concerning subsequent changes in residence or other 
registration information, and conducting periodic in-person appearances by the registrants to 
verify and update the registration information, as SORNA requires. Likewise, with respect to 
maintenance of websites providing public access to sex offender information, as required by 
SORNA § 118, one option for a tribe—explicitly authorized by SORNA § 127(b)(2)—would be 
to adopt a cooperative agreement with a state in which it is located to include information 
concerning the sex offenders subject to the tribe's jurisdiction on the state's sex offender website. 
But an additional option afforded under the final guidelines is for tribes to enter into agreements 
or arrangements among themselves for the shared administration or operation of websites 
covering the sex offenders of the participating tribes. 
Although SORNA does not explicitly authorize intertribal agreements or arrangements 
for the cooperative discharge of registration and notification functions, there is no inconsistency 
EFTA00731623
--- PAGE 80 ---
between appropriately designed arrangements of this type and realization of SORNA's 
substantive objectives for sex offender registration and notification. Moreover, such 
arrangements may facilitate tribal implementation of SORNA by allowing the pooling of 
resources and expertise and avoiding the need for duplication of effort among tribes with similar 
registration and notification responsibilities. The implementation of the SORNA requirements 
by tribes through such cooperative arrangements with other tribes will accordingly be considered 
as satisfying the SORNA substantial implementation standard. 
Beyond concerns about facilitating cooperative intertribal efforts, which are addressed in 
the final guidelines as discussed above, a common theme in the comments received from tribes 
or tribal organizations was concern about the treatment of tribes that are not registration 
jurisdictions for SORNA purposes. Some commenters urged that tribes subject to state law 
enforcement jurisdiction under 18 U.S.C. 1162 be treated more like tribes that are allowed to be 
SORNA registration jurisdictions under SORNA § 127 and have made elections to that effect. 
SORNA § 127(aX2)(A) provides that the SORNA registration and notification functions for 
tribes within the scope of 18 U.S.C. 1162 are automatically delegated to the state. As this is a 
statutory matter, the guidelines cannot change it. 
However, the final guidelines have been modified to make it clear that § 1162 tribes are 
not excluded from carrying out sex offender registration and notification functions, either as an 
exercise of their sovereign powers to the extent that there is no conflict with the state's discharge 
of its responsibilities under SORNA, or pursuant to a decision by the state that sex offender 
registration functions can be most effectively carried out by tribal authorities with respect to sex 
offenders subject to the tribe's jurisdiction. Moreover, states have the same responsibility to 
carry out the SORNA registration and notification functions in relation to sex offenders in § 1162 
tribal areas as they do in relation to sex offenders in other areas in the state. The SMART Office 
will take seriously the need to ensure that all states within the scope of § 1162 discharge these 
responsibilities. The same points apply in relation to the relatively small number of tribes that 
were eligible to make an election to be a SORNA registration jurisdiction under the terms of 
SORNA § 127(a)(1)(A) but have not made such an election. 
Some commenters expressed more specific concerns about ensuring that tribes that are 
not SORNA registration jurisdictions receive notice concerning the entry or presence of sex 
offenders in their territories. In this connection, the notification requirements of SORNA § 121 
apply in relation to all entities within a state as described in that section. This will serve to make 
information concerning the location and relocation of sex offenders available to agencies, 
organizations, and individuals in tribes that are not SORNA registration jurisdictions, as with 
others agencies and organizations within the state. Specific requirements and means of access to 
such information under § 121(b) are discussed in Part VII.B of the guidelines. 
A number of tribal commenters expressed concerns about SORNA § 127(a)(2)(C), which 
provides for delegation of the SORNA registration and notification functions to the state or states 
within which a tribe is located if "the Attorney General determines that the tribe has not 
substantially implemented the requirements of this subtitle and is not likely to become capable of 
doing so within a reasonable amount of time." This provision for involuntary delegation to a 
EFTA00731624
--- PAGE 81 ---
state or states in the specified circumstances was included in SORNA to foreclose any possibility 
of uncloseable gaps in the nationwide network of sex offender registration and notification 
programs. The Department of Justice hopes and expects, however, that the occurrence of such an 
involuntary delegation will never be necessary, given the strong interest of the tribes in effective 
registration and notification for sex offenders subject to their jurisdictions, and the priority that 
the SMART Office gives to working with all tribes and other jurisdictions to facilitate the 
implementation of SORNA's requirements in relation to tribal areas. Moreover, substantial time 
remains for tribal implementation efforts. Tribal jurisdictions, like other jurisdictions, enjoy the 
three-year grace period provided by SORNA § 124 for SORNA implementation (commencing on 
July 27, 2006), and the possibility of an extension of time for up to an additional two years under 
that provision. In addition, § 127(a)(2)(C) does not require an involuntary delegation if a tribe 
fails to implement SORNA within the normally allowed time under § 124, unless the Attorney 
General makes a further determination that the tribe is not likely to become capable of 
substantially implementing SORNA within a reasonable amount of time. 
IV. 
Covered Sex Offenses and Sex Offenders 
A. Convictions Generally 
Tribal Convictions 
The proposed guidelines stated that jurisdictions could choose not to require registration 
based on Indian tribal sex offense convictions, where the defendant had not been afforded a right 
to counsel to which he would have been entitled in comparable state proceedings. Many 
comments received from tribal organizations and individual tribes objected to this provision. 
They argued that tribal convictions should be respected, and noted that many procedural 
protections for defendants are provided in tribal proceedings as a matter of federal law and in 
practice, including the right to counsel (though defined differently from the corresponding right 
in state proceedings). See 25 U.S.C. 1302. 
These comments are persuasive. SORNA's registration and notification requirements are 
premised on a person's conviction for a sex offense. See, e.g., SORNA §§ 111(1), 113(a). With 
respect to covered "sex offense[s]," SORNA provides no basis for differentiating between tribal 
offenses and offenses under the laws of other domestic jurisdictions. Rather, it states expressly 
that "sex offense" includes "criminal offense[s)" of specified types, and that "criminal offense" 
in the relevant sense means "a State, local, tribal, foreign, or military offense ... or other 
criminal offense." SORNA § 111(5)(A)(i)-(ii), 111(6) (emphasis added). 
Likewise, with respect to "conviction[s]," SORNA does not differentiate between tribal 
convictions and convictions by other U.S. jurisdictions. SORNA does incorporate a special 
proviso with respect to foreign convictions, stating in § 111(5)(B) that "[a] foreign conviction is 
not a sex offense for the purposes of this title if it was not obtained with sufficient safeguards for 
fundamental fairness and due process for the accused under guidelines or regulations established 
under section 112." If it had similarly been contemplated that the Attorney General's guidelines 
would adopt further conditions for the effectiveness of Indian tribal convictions under SORNA, 
EFTA00731625
--- PAGE 82 ---
one would have expected SORNA to include some proviso comparable to § 111(5)(B) for tribal 
convictions. But SORNA contains no such proviso. 
The final guidelines accordingly do not differentiate between tribal convictions and 
convictions by other United States jurisdictions as predicates for sex offender registration and 
notification. 
Nominal Variations on "Conviction" 
The proposed guidelines stated that SORNA's requirements are not waived by nominal or 
terminological variations in the designations that jurisdictions use in referring to the dispositions 
of criminal cases. For example, SORNA's requirements remain applicable if a jurisdiction has a 
procedure under which certain sex offense convictions (e.g., those of young adult sex offenders 
who satisfy certain criteria) are referred to as something other than "convictions," or are 
nominally "vacated" or "set aside," but the sex offender remains subject to penal consequences 
based on the conviction. Some commenters objected to this aspect of the proposed guidelines, 
arguing that jurisdictions should be free to make SORNA's requirements inapplicable by such 
means. 
The issue raised by these comments is whether individual jurisdictions have a free hand 
to stipulate that the dispositions of criminal cases do not constitute "convictions" for purposes of 
SORNA. If that were the case, a jurisdiction could make the SORNA registration and 
notification requirements inapplicable to its sex offenders merely by varying its 
terminology—referring to certain classes of criminal convictions for sex offenses by some term 
other than "conviction"—and there would then be no national baseline of covered sex offenders 
and registration/notification requirements applicable thereto. 
Such an approach would be inconsistent with SORNA's purpose to establish "a 
comprehensive national system for the registration of [sex] offenders." SORNA § 102. 
SORNA's requirements apply to anyone who "was convicted of a sex offense." See SORNA 
§§ 111(1) (defining "sex offender"), 113 (applying SORNA's registration requirements to "sex 
offender[s]"). While the statutory definitions of sex offenses falling within SORNA's 
registration categories, see SORNA § 111(5)-(8), will vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, the 
meaning of "convicted" for purposes of SORNA is a matter of federal law, and its applicability is 
not determined by the terminology a jurisdiction uses in referring to the disposition of a criminal 
case. Notably, in light of SORNA § 111(8), even certain juvenile delinquents are deemed to be 
"convicted" and hence required to register under SORNA's standards, if the juvenile is at least 
years old and the offense for which the juvenile was adjudicated delinquent is sufficiently 
serious. But under these commenters' proposal, jurisdictions could avoid requiring registration 
for an adult offender convicted of such a crime merely by using some other term in referring to 
the conviction (e.g., "youthful offender disposition"). 
SORNA does not afford such latitude to waive its requirements in this manner and no 
change has been made in the final guidelines on this point. 
EFTA00731626
--- PAGE 83 ---
Juvenile Adjudications 
A number of commenters criticized the proposed guidelines' explanation of SORNA 
§ 111(8), which provides that certain juvenile delinquency adjudications are to be treated as 
convictions for registration purposes under SORNA. Many of these commenters argued that 
registration or public notification concerning juveniles adjudicated delinquent for sex offenses 
would be inappropriate or counterproductive, on such grounds as the following: that juveniles are 
less likely to reoffend, less culpable, and more amenable to treatment than adult offenders; that 
registration of juveniles will deter reporting of their crimes by their families and will promote 
avoidance of adjudicatory dispositions of their cases that reflect the actual offense conduct; that 
juveniles subject to registration or notification will be adversely affected with respect to 
education, employment, treatment, socialization, and personal security; and that premising 
registration or notification on juvenile delinquency adjudications is at odds with the 
characteristics and objectives of juvenile justice systems, including their requirements of 
confidentiality and orientation towards treatment and rehabilitation. The commenters advanced 
various recommendations for addressing these concerns, including not registering juveniles at all, 
making registration or notification for juveniles a matter of judicial discretion, or limiting 
registration or notification for juveniles to cases involving particularly violent or serious sex 
offenses. 
The more far reaching proposals for changes concerning the treatment of juveniles cannot 
be accepted because they would require a nullification of the judgment in SORNA that a 
narrowly defined class of juvenile delinquency adjudications are to be treated on a par with adult 
convictions for registration and notification purposes. Predecessor bills to SORNA took 
divergent approaches to this issue. Some excluded juvenile delinquents entirely from their 
registration and notification requirements, while others provided that juvenile delinquency 
adjudications would be treated the same as adult convictions across the board. Compare S. 1086, 
§§ 102(1), 110, 109th Cong., 2d Sess. (2006) (exclusion of juvenile delinquency adjudications in 
Senate-passed bill), with H.R. 3132, § 111(3), 109th Cong., 1st Sess. (2005) (juvenile 
delinquency adjudications treated the same as adult convictions in House-passed bill). 
The resolution of this issue in SORNA as enacted is an intermediate approach that does 
not generally require that juveniles be treated the same as adults, but does affirmatively treat 
certain juvenile delinquency adjudications as "convictions," and the juveniles subject to such 
adjudications as "sex offenders" subject to the SORNA registration and notification 
requirements, under the following criteria: (i) the juvenile must have been at least 14 years old at 
the time of the offense, (ii) the offense adjudicated was comparable to or more severe than 
aggravated sexual abuse (as described in 18 U.S.C. 2241) or an attempt or conspiracy to commit 
such an offense, and (iii) the registration period to which the juvenile is subject may be reduced 
from life to 25 years if certain "clean record" conditions are satisfied. See SORNA §§ 111(1), 
(8), 115(b)(3)(B). This is the legislative decision that the guidelines must "interpret and 
implement." SORNA § 112(b). There is no authority to abrogate it or to approve some basically 
different system for registering (or not registering) juveniles adjudicated delinquent for sex 
offenses. 
EFTA00731627
--- PAGE 84 ---
As noted above, a more moderate recommendation advanced by some of the commenters 
was that registration or notification for juveniles be limited to cases involving particularly violent 
or serious sex offenses. This is more in line with what SORNA actually does provide, limiting 
the predicate offenses for registration based on juvenile delinquency adjudications to those 
"comparable to" aggravated sexual abuse as described in 18 U.S.C. 2241 (or an attempt or 
conspiracy to commit such an offense). 
It was noted in the comments, however, that under the interpretation of this standard in 
the proposed guidelines, it could potentially reach some cases not involving sex offenses of the 
most serious nature, such as a case involving a juvenile delinquency adjudication of a 14-year-old 
for engaging in consensual sexual play with an 11-year-old. A number of commenters 
questioned the suitability of such juvenile adjudications as the basis for lengthy or lifetime 
registration and public notification, and indicated that an inflexible application of the SORNA 
juvenile coverage requirement to reach such cases could constitute a substantial impediment to 
jurisdictions' implementation of SORNA. 
These comments have provided grounds for further thought concerning the measures that 
will be considered substantial implementation of SORNA in relation to juveniles adjudicated 
delinquent for sex offenses. The federal offense of aggravated sexual abuse, 18 U.S.C. 2241, 
which provides the touchstone for juvenile coverage under SORNA § 111(8), encompasses a 
range of serious sexually assaultive conduct that would correspond roughly to the common 
understanding of the notion of "rape." Specifically, it proscribes engaging in a sexual act with 
another by means of force or the threat of serious violence, or by rendering unconscious or 
involuntarily drugging the victim. These aspects of the offense apply regardless of the age of the 
perpetrator or victim. 
However, there are certain features of 18 U.S.C. 2241 that provide a broader compass in 
cases involving victims who fall below specified age thresholds. Specifically, sexual acts with 
victims below the age of 12 are covered, even in cases involving no overt violence or coercion. 
See 18 U.S.C. 2241(c). In addition, under the associated definition of covered "sexual act[s]," 
the relevant acts are for the most part those involving penetration, but direct genital 
touching—which would otherwise support only liability for lesser "sexual contact" offenses-is 
treated as a covered "sexual act" if the victim is below the age of 16. See 18 U.S.C. 2246(2)(D). 
In relation to the aspects of 18 U.S.C. 2241 that depend specially on the age of the victim, 
there is no difficulty in applying them without qualification as a basis for sex offender 
registration and notification in cases involving adult offenders. For example, a 30-year-old who 
engages in sexual activity with an 11-year-old plausibly falls within a class of persons who may 
constitute a danger to children, and the protective functions served by SORNA's registration and 
notification requirements are implicated, regardless of finer issues concerning the victim's 
acquiescence or resistance or the exact nature of the sexual activity. 
In comparison, SORNA's public safety objectives may not be similarly implicated by 
juvenile cases like those pointed to by the commenters, such as a case involving a 14-year-old 
adjudicated delinquent based on consensual sexual play with an 11-year-old. Cases of this type 
EFTA00731628
--- PAGE 85 ---
fall within the definitional scope of 18 U.S.C. 2241 only because of special features of that 
provision that create liability for nonviolent or lesser sexual offenses based on the victim's age. 
But in such a case, the delinquent may himself be a child who is not far removed in age from the 
victim, and the offense may be one that would not entail comparable registration and notification 
requirements for an adult offender, if committed by the adult offender against a victim who was 
near in age to himself. 
Based on this reconsideration of the juvenile coverage issue, the final guidelines reflect a 
judgment that the objectives of SORNA § 111(8) will not be substantially undermined if 
jurisdictions are afforded discretion concerning registration and notification for juveniles 
adjudicated delinquent on the basis of offenses that are within the definitional scope of 18 U.S.C. 
2241 only because of the age of the victim. In positive terms, jurisdictions will be considered to 
have substantially implemented SORNA in this context if they apply SORNA's registration and 
notification requirements to juveniles at least 14 years old who are adjudicated delinquent for 
committing offenses amounting to rape or its equivalent (or an attempt or conspiracy to commit 
such an offense), as specified in the final guidelines. 
B. Foreign Convictions 
Some commenters expressed the concern that the requirement under SORNA to register 
sex offenders based on foreign convictions would create unmanageable burdens on jurisdictions 
to assess the fairness of foreign judicial proceedings. However, the guidelines have been 
formulated so as to minimize any such burden. In part, they require registration categorically 
based on sex offense convictions under the laws of four specified foreign countries—Canada, 
United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand—and based on convictions in countries whose 
judicial systems have been favorably assessed in the Country Reports on Human Rights Practices 
that are prepared by the U.S. Department of State. Jurisdictions are not required to exempt any 
sex offense convictions in other foreign countries from registration requirements, but if they wish 
to do so, they may exempt convictions that they consider unreliable indicia of factual guilt, 
utilizing whatever process or procedure they choose to adopt in making such determinations. 
The treatment of foreign convictions has accordingly not been changed in the final guidelines, 
except for limited editing to emphasize the extent of jurisdictions' discretion in approaching this 
issue, and correcting a reference to "Great Britain" in the proposed guidelines to refer instead to 
"United Kingdom." 
C.-E. Sex Offenses Generally; Specified Offenses Against Minors; Protected 
Witnesses 
The proposed guidelines' general explanation of SORNA's offense coverage 
requirements and exceptions or qualifications relating to protected witnesses have not been 
substantially changed in the final guidelines. Critical comments relating to this aspect of the 
guidelines largely reflected misapprehensions that SORNA requires registration based on 
offenses that are not in the SORNA registration categories—e.g., consensual sexual offenses 
involving minors or youth of like age—or proposed changes that SORNA does not allow, such as 
EFTA00731629
--- PAGE 86 ---
waiving registration based on offenses in the covered categories unless the offender is found to 
meet some threshold of likely dangerousness under a "risk assessment" system. 
V. 
Classes of Sex Offenders 
The proposed guidelines' general explanation of SORNA's "tiers," and their implications 
for registration and notification requirements, have not been substantially changed in the final 
guidelines. The critical comments received on this aspect of the guidelines largely amounted to 
arguments that other means of classifying sex offenders would be better policy, such as reliance 
on risk assessments that take account of a broader range of factors than those authorized in the 
SORNA tier definitions. As described and advocated in these comments, such alternative 
systems would involve less consistency and predictability in sex offender registration and 
notification requirements, and would make available less information (or no information) 
concerning many sex offenders to the authorities or the public. The comments do not establish 
that these systems represent a sounder balancing of interests than the standards enacted in 
SORNA. In any event, the adoption of such alternative classification systems cannot be regarded 
as substantial implementation of SORNA insofar as they entail registration and notification 
requirements that fall below the SORNA minimum requirements—see the discussion above in 
connection with Part II.E of the guidelines—and hence cannot be authorized by the guidelines. 
Some comments received from Indian tribes or tribal organizations objected to the 
uniform treatment of tribal sex offense convictions as supporting only "tier I" classification for 
SORNA purposes. They noted that this results from the federal law limitation of tribal court 
jurisdiction to misdemeanor penalties, though the underlying sex offense may be serious and 
would result in felony penalties if prosecuted in a state jurisdiction or the federal jurisdiction. 
This feature of the guidelines cannot be changed because it is statutory. SORNA § 111(2)-(4) 
classifies sex offenders as tier II or tier III only on the basis of offenses punishable by 
imprisonment for more than one year. However, as with other features of SORNA, the 
requirements associated with the tier I classification constitute only minimum standards. Tribal 
jurisdictions and other jurisdictions are free to prescribe more extensive registration and 
notification requirements for sex offenders convicted of tribal offenses, taking into account the 
substantive nature of the offenses or other factors, notwithstanding the misdemeanor status of the 
offenses in terms of the maximum permitted penalty. The final guidelines make this point more 
explicitly. 
Responding to other comments received, changes have also been made in Part V to: (i) 
clarify further that the elements of the offense of conviction may be relied on in making tier 
classifications, except with respect to victim age; (ii) clarify the operation of tier enhancements 
based on recidivism, where the earlier conviction supporting a higher tier classification occurred 
prior to the enactment of SORNA or its implementation in a particular jurisdiction; and (iii) 
emphasize that the tier classification criteria do not constitute independent requirements to 
register offenders for whom SORNA does not otherwise require registration. 
VI. 
Required Registration Information 
EFTA00731630
--- PAGE 87 ---
Registration Information Requirements Added by the Guidelines 
Some commenters objected globally to the guidelines' requirement that the sex offender 
registries obtain certain types of information that are not expressly required by SORNA §114, 
such as e-mail addresses and comparable Internet identifiers, telephone numbers, temporary 
lodging information, travel document information, professional license information, and date of 
birth information. The guidelines have not been changed on this point. Many of these comments 
projected that sex offenders would be exposed to harassment or other adverse consequences 
because of the public disclosure of such information, reflecting an incorrect assumption that 
SORNA or the guidelines would require that all such information be posted on the public sex 
offender websites. The actual website posting requirements under the guidelines are more 
limited, and the final guidelines have been revised to make this point with greater clarity, as 
discussed in connection with Part VII of the guidelines below. All of the additional items are 
within the scope of the Attorney General's express statutory authority to require additional 
registration information. See SORNA § 114(aX7), (b)(8). All are justified as means of 
furthering SORNA's public safety objectives, as the guidelines explain in their discussion of the 
additional required information. 
Tribal Concerns 
Many of the comments received from Indian tribes or tribal organizations objected to a 
specification in the proposed guidelines that the names and aliases that sex offenders are required 
to register include "traditional names given by family or clan pursuant to ethnic or tribal 
tradition." The purpose of this provision was to ensure that the registration information would 
include the names by which sex offenders are commonly known in their communities. It was not 
intended to require registration or disclosure of secret names of religious or ceremonial 
significance, and such names are not needed to further the purposes of sex offender registration 
and notification. The final guidelines have accordingly modified the description of this 
requirement so as to limit it to ethnic or tribal names by which the sex offender is commonly 
known. 
Some of the tribal commenters also expressed concern about the requirements relating to 
DNA information from sex offenders, describing situations in which tribal communities had been 
misled about the uses that would be made of DNA samples they provided. However, SORNA's 
requirement on this point, as the guidelines explain, is only that jurisdictions ensure that DNA 
samples are collected from sex offenders for purposes of analysis and inclusion in the Combined 
DNA Index System (CODIS). The normal rules and procedures for DNA information in CODIS 
are tailored to its use for law enforcement identification purposes, such as matching a 
perpetrator's DNA collected from crime scene evidence to DNA taken from an offender. These 
rules and procedures are adequately designed to ensure that the analysis of collected DNA 
samples and entry of the resulting DNA profiles into CODIS cannot be used for the improper 
purposes that concern the commenters, such as ascertaining the incidence of genetic traits or 
disorders in communities or population groups from which the DNA samples are derived. 
Requests for Clarification 
EFTA00731631
--- PAGE 88 ---
Some commenters requested additional guidance or clarification regarding particular 
types of required registration information, such as the information concerning travel and 
immigration documents, and the statutory requirement to include information concerning 
addresses at which the sex offender "will" be an employee. The final guidelines provide further 
explanation or clarification on these points. 
VII. 
Disclosure and Sharing of Information 
Some of the comments reflected misapprehensions that the guidelines would require 
public disclosure of a broader range of sex offender information than is actually the case. The 
guidelines identify a limited number of informational items concerning sex offenders that must 
be included on the public sex offender websites, essentially covering name information, address 
or location information, vehicle information, physical description, sex offenses for which 
convicted, and a current photograph. Other types of registration information are within the scope 
of either mandatory or discretionary exemptions from required public disclosure. The relevant 
discussion in the final guidelines has been revised for greater clarity on this point. 
Some commenters objected specifically to the required public disclosure of the addresses 
of employers of registered sex offenders, arguing that this information should be exempted from 
website posting, either on a discretionary or mandatory basis. SORNA itself requires that the 
registration information for sex offenders include employer name and address, but provides a 
discretionary exemption from public website posting for employer name only (not employer 
address). Compare SORNA § 114(a)(4), with SORNA § 118(c)(2). The SORNA provisions on 
this point reflect an accommodation of competing interests. On the one hand, requiring website 
posting of employer name could tar an employer based on the association with the sex offender 
and deter employers from hiring sex offenders. On the other hand, disclosing no employment-
related information or only limited employment-related information could leave the public 
unaware concerning sex offenders' presence in places where they actually spend much of their 
time (e.g., 40 hours a week for a sex offender with a full-time job). SORNA accommodates 
these interests by requiring that the public websites include employer address information, but 
leaving it in the discretion of jurisdictions whether they will include employer name information 
as well. The comments received provide no adequate basis for the guidelines to second-guess 
this legislative judgment concerning the proper accommodation of these interests, even assuming 
that there would be legal authority to do so. 
VIII. Where Registration Is Required 
The portion of the guidelines relating to the jurisdictions in which registration is required 
has been edited to a limited extent for clarity on some points but has not been substantially 
changed. Some commenters misunderstood SORNA and the guidelines as requiring continued 
registration with the original jurisdiction of conviction even if the sex offender has no present 
residence, employment, or school attendance relationship with that jurisdiction. Some took 
"jurisdiction" as including political subdivisions of states, and consequently believed that 
SORNA prescribes requirements as to the particular locations within states in which sex 
offenders must be required to register—e.g., in which particular county or counties. SORNA 
EFTA00731632
--- PAGE 89 ---
itself and the proposed guidelines do not provide any support for these misconceptions, and 
additional language has been included in the final guidelines to guard against continued 
misunderstandings of this type. 
IX. 
Initial Registration 
The discussion in this Part has been expanded in the final guidelines to explain the 
statutory requirement in section 117(a) of SORNA that initial registration of incarcerated sex 
offenders is to be carried out "shortly before release." 
Some commenters expressed concern about initial registration in relation to sex offenders 
whose predicate sex offense convictions predate the enactment of SORNA or its implementation 
in a particular jurisdiction. The guidelines require registration of such sex offenders in 
conformity with SORNA if they remain in the system as prisoners, supervisees, or registrants, or 
if they later reenter the system because of a subsequent criminal conviction. The commenters' 
concerns focused heavily on the fourth category—sex offenders who were fully out of the system 
at the time of SORNA implementation, but later reenter it based on conviction for some other 
crime. Concerns were expressed that registration of offenders in this category would require 
jurisdictions to examine the criminal histories of all new criminal convicts indefinitely to 
ascertain whether they have a sex offense conviction somewhere in the past that would require 
registration under the SORNA standards. A particular concern was that in cases in which the sex 
offense conviction occurred long ago, information about it might not be disclosed through an 
ordinary criminal history check, potentially necessitating extraordinary records search efforts to 
determine whether the offender must register. Concerns also were expressed about the adequacy 
of ordinary criminal history information to determine the extent of registration requirements 
under SORNA, including whether the sex offender's registration period has expired or still has 
time left to run. For example, whether the victim of a sexual contact offense was an adult or a 
minor may make the difference between the offender's classification as tier I or tier II under the 
SORNA standards, with consequent differences in the required registration period (15 years for 
tier I versus 25 years for tier II). But the criminal history information available in a case in which 
the sex offense conviction predated a jurisdiction's implementation of SORNA might show 
simply conviction of a sexual contact offense with no indication as to victim age. 
The final guidelines address the foregoing concerns by clarifying that jurisdictions may 
rely on their normal methods and standards for obtaining and reviewing criminal history 
information, and on the information available in the records obtained by such means, in 
ascertaining SORNA registration requirements for sex offenders in the "retroactive" classes. 
Some of the comments received from Indian tribes or tribal organizations proposed that 
the Federal Bureau of Prisons should be responsible for initial registration of federal sex 
offenders who will be released to tribal areas. However, there is a more limited statutory release 
procedure for federal sex offenders under 18 U.S.C. 4042(c), which requires the Federal Bureau 
of Prisons or federal probation offices to notify sex offenders of their registration requirements 
under SORNA around the time of their release or sentencing. That provision further requires the 
Bureau of Prisons and the federal probation offices to notify state and local law enforcement and 
EFTA00731633
--- PAGE 90 ---
registration agencies in the destination jurisdictions, which include tribal jurisdictions for sex 
offenders released to tribal areas. The failure of such a sex offender to appear in the destination 
jurisdiction and register as required would be reportable to federal authorities as provided in Part 
XIII of the guidelines, and would generally result in investigation of the matter by federal 
supervision or law enforcement authorities. In the normal situation in which the released federal 
sex offender does appear in the destination jurisdiction as required, that jurisdiction would 
register the sex offender as it does sex offenders entering from other jurisdictions. 
X. 
Keeping the Registration Current 
Some commenters expressed concern about requiring sex offenders to report changes of 
certain types of registration information through in-person appearances. For example, SORNA 
§113(c) requires that changes of employment be reported through in-person appearances within 
three business days. Consider the effect, for example, in relation to a sex offender who obtains 
work—e.g., construction work or other manual labor—by showing up each morning at a site that 
contractors visit to recruit day labor. If the sex offender's employer varied day to day, the 
requirement to report changes in employment through in-person appearances might effectively 
require the sex offender to make an in-person appearance to report his recent employment history 
every few days, with attendant burdens on the jurisdiction and the offender. 
In relation to required registration information, the proposed guidelines recognized that 
sex offenders may reside somewhere without having definite residence addresses, and similarly 
that sex offenders may be employed without fixed or settled employment. For such cases, Part 
VI of the guidelines affords necessary flexibility by providing that jurisdictions are to obtain 
information concerning such transient residence or employment with whatever definiteness is 
possible under the circumstances. The final guidelines incorporate comparable provisions in Part 
X so as to afford jurisdictions flexibility in dealing with the reporting of changes in residence or 
employment by sex offenders whose residence or employment is transient in character. 
Comments were also received concerning a potential gap in the reporting requirements 
for sex offenders who terminate residence, employment, or school attendance in a jurisdiction but 
do not have any definite expectation about residing, working, or attending school elsewhere. For 
example, consider the case of a transient sex offender who is moving out of a state in which he 
has been living, but cannot say in which state or other jurisdiction he will reside next. The 
proposed guidelines did not address the reporting requirements in such situations with adequate 
clarity. The final guidelines provide that the requirement for sex offenders to keep the 
registration current includes requiring them to report consistently the termination of residence, 
employment, or school attendance to the appropriate jurisdiction in which they have been 
registered, regardless of whether any new place of residence, employment, or school attendance 
can be identified. 
Responding to comments and questions received, a final paragraph also has been added to 
Part X in the final guidelines to clarify further that the SORNA requirement that registrants 
report changes in registration information through in-person appearances pertains only to changes 
in name and to changes in residence, employment, or school attendance between or within 
EFTA00731634
--- PAGE 91 ---
jurisdictions. The manner in which sex offenders are to report other changes in registration 
information is a matter within jurisdictions' discretion. 
XI. 
Verification/Appearance Requirements 
The discussion of SORNA's requirement of periodic in-person appearances by registrants 
to verify and update registration information has not been substantially modified in the final 
guidelines because it did not draw extensive comments, and no comments received provided any 
persuasive reasons to change the discussion of this requirement. However, responding to 
comments about situations in which a registrant dies, a paragraph has been added to Part XI in 
the final guidelines to provide advice to jurisdictions about the updating of registration 
information and public website postings in such situations. 
XII. 
Duration of Registration 
As discussed in earlier portions of the summary, the explanation concerning the required 
duration of registration is revised in the final guidelines. The changes clarify further (i) the 
discretionary nature of tolling during subsequent periods in which the sex offender is in custody, 
and (ii) the discretion of jurisdictions to adopt registration periods that are longer than the 
required SORNA minimum. 
XIII. Enforcement of Registration Requirements 
The discussion of enforcement of registration requirements in the proposed guidelines has 
not been modified in the final guidelines because it did not draw extensive comment and the 
comments received did not provide any persuasive reasons to change this part. 
EFTA00731635
--- PAGE 92 ---
Appendix B. Title Reference to SORNA sections. 
§I02. Declaration of purpose 
§111. Relevant definitions, including Arnie Zyla expansion of sex offender definition and 
expanded inclusion of child predators. 
§I12. Registry requirements for jurisdictions. 
§ 113. Registry requirements for sex offenders. 
§I14. Information required in registration. 
§I15. Duration of registration requirement. 
§I16. Periodic in person verification. 
§ 117. Duty to notify sex offenders of registration requirements and to register. 
§ 118. Public access to sex offender information through the intemet. 
§ 119. National Sex Offender Registry. 
§120. Dru Sjodin National Sex Offender Public Website. 
§12I. Megan Nicole Kanka and Alexandra Nicole Zapp Community Notification Program 
§I22. Actions to be taken when sex offender fails to comply. 
§ 123. Development and availability of registry management and website software. 
§I24. Period for implementation by jurisdictions. 
§I25. Failure of jurisdiction to comply. 
§ 126. Sex Offender Management Assistance (SOMA) Program. 
§I27. Election by Indian tribes. 
§I28. Registration of sex offenders entering the United States. 
§ 129. Repeal of predecessor sex offender program. 
§14I. Amendments to title 18, United States Code, relating to sex offender requirements. 
§ 142. Federal assistance with respect to violations of registration requirements. 
§144. Federal assistance in identification and location of sex offenders relocated as a result of a 
major disaster. 
§146. Office of Sex Offender Sentencing, Monitoring, Apprehending, Registering and 
Tracking. 
EFTA00731636
--- PAGE 93 ---
Appendix C. Title Reference to Federal Statutes 
U.S.C. 1162. 
U.S.C. 1591. 
U.S.C. 2241. 
U.S.C. 2242. 
U.S.C. 2244. 
U.S.C. 2246. 
U.S.C. 2250. 
U.S.C. 2422(b). 
U.S.C. 2423(a). 
U.S.C. 3521. 
U.S.C. 3563(a)(8). 
U.S.C. 3583(d). 
U.S.C. 4042(c). 
U.S.C. 3750. 
U.S.C. 5119(a). 
State jurisdiction over offenses committed by or against Indians in the 
Indian Country. 
Sex trafficking of children or by force, fraud or coercion. 
Aggravated sexual abuse. 
Sexual abuse. 
Abusive sexual contact. 
Definitions for chapter; (sexual abuse chapter). 
Failure to register. 
Coercion and enticement. 
Transportation of minors with intent to engage in criminal sexual 
activity. 
Witness relocation and protection. 
Conditions of probation; for a person required to register under the Sex 
Offender Registration and Notification Act. 
Conditions of supervised release. 
Duties of Bureau of Prisons; notice of sex offender release. 
Name of program; Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant 
Program. 
Reporting child abuse crime information 
EFTA00731637
--- PAGE 94 ---
INDEX 
Absconded Offenders 
Attempts and Conspiracies 
Automation 
Byrne Grant Reduction 
Change of Registration Information 
16, 18-20, 22-24 
8-9 
9-10 
50-53, 56 
Clean Record Reduction 
57-58 
CODIS 
Compliance Deadlines 
9-10 
Constitutional Conflict with SORNA Requirements 
Conviction 
15-17 
Cooperative Agreements 
13-14 
Criminal History 
32, 39, 40, 47 
Date of Birth 
31-32 
Day Laborer 
30, 51 
Determination of Tiers 
21-25 
Digitized 
26, 29, 32, 33 
DNA Sample 
26, 33 
Driver's License.. 
Duration of Registration 
8, 56-58 
Electronic Databases 
8-9, 26, 32 
Email Notification System 
Employee 
29-30 
Employment Information 
29-30, 36 
Extension Requests 
9-10, 47 
Federal Convictions 
18, 23, 47-48 
Fingerprints 
32-33 
Foreign Convictions 
16-17, 48 
Frequency of Registration 
Habitually Lives 
28-29, 36, 42-43 
Immediately 
8-9, 38, 44, 48-52, 56 
Implementation Deadline 
9-10 
Imprisonment 
Incarceration in Non-Conviction Jurisdiction 
Indian Tribes 
12-15 
Information Sharing 
51, 56 
In-person Appearances Upon Change of Information, When Required 
50-52 
In-person Appearances, Periodic 
54-56 
International Travel 
53-54 
Internet Identifiers 
27, 31 
Jurisdiction 
11-12 
Juvenile Adjudications 
16, 25, 57 
EFTA00731638
--- PAGE 95 ---
Law Enforcement and Supervision Agencies 
12, 39 
Military Convictions 
18, 47-48 
Minor, Specified Offenses Against  
17, 18-21 
Minor 
Name 
27, 36 
National Child Protection Act Agencies 
National Sex Offender Registry 
5, 39, 60 
Palm Prints 
32-33 
Passports and Immigration Documents 
29, 35 
Phone Numbers 
27-28, 37-38, 52 
Photograph 
32, 36, 54-55 
Physical Description 
32, 36 
Professional Licensing.. 
Protected Witnesses 
Recidivism 
Residence Address 
28, 36 
Resides 
Retroactive Application 
45-47 
School Information 
30-31, 36, 41 
Sealed Records 
Sex Offender Registry Public Websites: Generally 
33-34 
Sex Offender Registry Public Websites: Information that may not be displayed 
34-35 
Sex Offender Registry Public Websites: Required Information 
36, 38 
Sex Offender Registry Public Websites: Search Capacity 
Sex Offender Treatment Programs 
Sexual Act 
16, 17, 24 
Sexual Contact 
17, 22, 23, 24 
Sex Offenses 
17-21 
Attempts and Conspiracies 
Child Pornography Offenses 
Criminal Sexual Conduct Involving a Minor 
Conduct By Its Nature a Sex Offense Against a Minor 
False Imprisonment 
18-19 
Federal Offenses 
Foreign Offenses 
Internet-Facilitated Crimes Against a Minor 
Kidnapping 
18-19 
Local Offenses 
Military Offenses 
Sexual Act and Sexual Contact Offenses 
Solicitation of a Minor to Engage in Sexual Conduct 
Solicitation of a Minor to Practice Prostitution 
State Offenses 
Territorial Offenses 
Tribal Offenses 
EFTA00731639
--- PAGE 96 ---
Use of Minor in a Sexual Performance 
Video Voyeurism Involving a Minor 
Social Security Number 
28, 35 
Software Resources 
8-9, 38 
SOMA Grants 
Student 
30-31 
Substantial Implementation Standard 
10-11 
Temporary Lodging Information 
29, 52-53 
Text of Registration Offense 
Transient Employment 
30, 43 
Tiers, Generally 
21-22 
Tiers, Recidivist Offenders 
Tier I Offender Exception 
35, 37 
Tier I Offenses 
22-23 
Tier II Offenses 
23-24 
Tier III Offenses 
24-25 
Tolling of Registration Time 
Tribal Convictions 
15, 22-23 
Vehicle Information 
31, 36, 52 
Victim Age 
23, 25, 47 
EFTA00731640

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731641.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731641.pdf
----------------------------------------
2. 5
7-N t., 5. 6
(..oncrete Dr,vewo y 
I • Y11  N 
:‘ 
1
e•,‘ 53
-5,2 .3
5. 
 Wall 
.5 
6
I 
Under 
I
Construction 
Concrete 
Patio 
. 53'13.6
33.4 
L---1 
59111 
99 
59.02 
• 
39.1
ra-
7Ic,f4'r‘147-'6 
EFTA00731641

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731642.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731642.pdf
----------------------------------------
12/04/07 TUE 16:46 FAX 305 530 6440 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE 
lib 002 
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of Florida 
R. ALEXANDER ACGVA 
ammo STATES ATTORNEY 
DELW :„Y_BY FACSIMILE 
Kenneth W. Starr, Esq 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
777 South Figueroa Street 
Los Angeles, CA 90017 
Re: 
,leffrey Epstein 
Dear Mr. Starr: 
ME. 4 Rime 
Moat FL 33133 
0051961-9100 - Telephone 
(305)5304444 - 
I write in response to your November 28th letter, in which you raise concerns regarding the 
Non-Prosecution Agreement between this Office and your client, Mr. Epstein. 1 take these concerns 
seriously. As your letter focused on the Section 2255 portion of the Agreement, my response will 
focus primarily on that issue as well. I do wish to make some more general observations, however. 
Section 2255 provides that "[a]ny person who, while a minor, was a victim of a violation of 
[enumerated sections of Title ls] and who suffers personal injury as a result of such violation .. . 
may sue in any appropriate United States District Court and shall recover the actual damages such 
person sustains and the cost of the suit, including a reasonable attorney's fee." Thus, had this Office 
proceeded to trial, and had Mr. Epstein been convicted, the victims of his actions woLdd have been 
able to seek to relief under this Section. 
The Non-Prosecution Agreement entered into between this Office and Mr. Epstein responds 
to Mr. Epstein's desire to reach a global resolution of his state and federal criminal liability. Under 
this Agieement, this District has agreed to defer prosecution for enumerated sections of Title 18 in 
favor of prosecution by the State of Florida, provided that the Mr. Epstein satisfies three general 
federal interests: (1) that Mr. Epstein plead guilty to a "registerable" offense; (2) that this plea 
include a binding recommendation for a sufficient term of imprisonment; and (3) that the Agreement 
not harm the interests of his victims. This third point deserves elaboration. The intent is to place 
the victims in the same position as they would have been had Mr. Epstein been convicted at trial 
No more; no less. 
With this in mind, I turn to the language of the Agreement. Paragraph 8 of the Agreement 
provides: 
If any of the individuals referred to in paragraph (7), supra, elects to file suit pursuant 
to 18 U.S.C. § 2255, Epstein will not contest the jurisdiction of the United States 
EFTA00731642
--- PAGE 2 ---
12/04/07 TUE 16:46 FAX 305 530 6440 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE 
la003 
District Court for the Southern District of Florida over his person and/or the subject 
matter,' and Epstein waives his right to contest liability and also waives his right to 
contest damages up to an amount as agreed to between the identified victim and 
Epstein, so long as the identified victim elects to proceed exclusively under 18 
U.S.C. § 2255, and agrees to waive any other claim for damages, whether pursuant 
to state, federal, or common law. Notwithstanding this waiver, as to those 
individuals whose names appear on the list provided by the United States, Epstein's 
signature on this agreement is not to be construed as an admission of any criminal or 
civil liability other than that contained in 18 U.S.C. § 2255. 
Although these two sentences are far from simple, they appear to incorporate our intent to narrowly,
tailor the Agreement to place the identified victims in the same position as they would have been had 
Mr. Epstein been convicted at trial. I would note that I have conferred with our prosecutors and have 
been told that Paragraph 8 was vigorously negotiated and that the final language was suggested 
largely by defense counsel. 
The concerns raised in your letter with respect to Paragraph 8 fall within several general 
categories. First, you raise concerns regarding the nature of Section 2255. As you note, 
Section 2255 is a civil statute implanted in the criminal code; in contrast to other 
criminal statutes, Section 2255 fails to correlate payments to specific injuries or 
losses. Instead the statute presumes that victims have sustained damages of at least 
a minimum lump sum without regard to whether the complainants suffered actual 
medical, physiological or other forms of individualized harm. 
These concerns were, I would expect, aired when Congress adopted this statute. Even if they were 
not, this provision is now law. Rule of law requires now requires this District to consider the 
victims' rights under this statute in negotiating this Agreement. 
Second, you raise concerns regarding the identity-of-the-victims issue. Your concerns appear 
based on the belief that Paragraph 8 is a blanket waiver of liability with respect to any number of 
unnamed and undisclosed victims. I would invite you to confer with your co-counsel regarding this 
matter. Although the language of Paragraph 8 could be so construed, our First Assistant informed 
Mr. Lelkowitz some weeks ago that this was not our position. As Mr. Lefkowitz has noted, were 
Mr. Epstein convicted at trial, the plaintiff-victims in a subsequent Section 2255 suit would still have 
had some burden to prove that they were "victims." It is also the case, however, that were Mr. 
Epstein convicted at trial, the plaintiff-victims would not have to show that a violation of an 
enumerated section of Title 18 took place. Accordingly, our First Assistant informed Mr. Lefkowitz 
some weeks ago that we understood that if a victim-plaintiff elects to proceed to trial, Mr. Epstein's 
' Although not identified as an issue by defbosc counsel, having reviewed this language, I note that 
Paragraph 8 raises the question of what is meant by "subject matter" t have conferred with the AUSA who 
negotiated this language, and have been informed that parties intended this to address issues or venue. This 
Office will nor interpret this paragraph as any waiver of subject matter Jurisdiction. Please inform me if 
defense counsel disagrees. 
-2-
EFTA00731643
--- PAGE 3 ---
12/04/07 
TUE 16:47 FAX 305 530 6440 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE 
a004 
legal team might conduct due diligence to confirm the that victim-plaintiff in fact had inappropriate 
contact with Mr. Epstein. Once again, our interpretive principle is our intent to place the victim in 
the same position she would have been had Mr. Epstein proceeded to trial. 
Third, you raise concerns regarding our decision not to create a restitution fund. Throughout 
the negotiations, defense counsel suggested several similar arrangements, including a Trust fund. 
Again, our decision not to create a fund flows from our belief that the Agreement should provide the 
same relief to the victims as they would have been entitled had we proceeded to trial. A restitution 
fund or trust fund would place an upper limit on the victims' recovery. It is not for this Office to 
make that decision for the victims. They may choose to walk away, they may choose to settle, or 
they may choose to sue. The choice should remain with each individual victim.2
Fourth, you raise concerns regarding the selection process for the attorney representative. 
As you may be aware, the suggestion that we appoint an attorney representative originated with 
defense counsel. Defense counsel, I believe, found it advantageous to attempt to negotiate a 
settlement of the many victims' claims with one attorney representative. My Office agreed to 
appoint such a representative, in part, because we too thought it valuable for the victims to have the 
advice of an attorney who could advise them of their choices: whether to walk away, to settle or to 
sue. 
Since the signing of the Agreement, several issues have arisen with respect to this provision. 
First, I elected to assign this Office's right to appoint the representative to an independent third-party, 
former federal Judge Davis. I did this to avoid any suggestion that this Office's choice of 
representative was intended to influence the outcome of civil litigation. Second, your co-counsel 
expressed concerns similar to those raised in your letter regarding the criteria used to select the 
representative. These criteria were: 
(1) Experience doing both plaintiffs' and defense litigation; 
(2) Experience with state and federal statutory and common law tort claims; 
(3) Ability to communicate effectively with young women; 
(4) Experience litigating against large law firms and high profile attorneys who may 
test the veracity of the victims' claims; 
(5) Sensitivity to the nature of the suit and the victims' interest in maintaining their 
privacy; 
(6) Experience litigating in federal court in the Southern District of Florida; 
' Your letter references U.S v Boehm, No. 3:04CR00003 
Ala 2004) as a model for a restitution fund 
settlement. I asked our prosecutor to contact the ALMA in that case, In that matter, the District of Alaska 
sought out and obtained the consent of all the victims before entering into that settlement. In addition, they 
developed an elaborate procedure for deciding which victim would receive what My view, in this case, is 
that those types of negotiations are better handled between Mr. Epstein and the victims' representatives, and 
that this Office should not act as intermediary. Finally, I would note that in Boom as well, the victims' 
identities were not initially disclosed. As the AUSA wrote in that case: "This filing is made cx pane 
because Boehm, in his plea agreement, waived any rights he had pertaining to the selection of beneficiaries 
and the disbursement of funds to such beneficiaries." 
-3-
EFTA00731644
--- PAGE 4 ---
12/04/07 TUE 18:47 FAX 305 530 6440 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE 
Woos 
(7) The resources to hire experts and others, while working on a contingency fee 
basis, in order to prepare for trial if a settlement cannot be reached (defense counsel 
has reserved the right to challenge such litigation); and 
(8) The ability to negotiate effectively. 
At my direction, our First Assistant provided our criteria to your co-counsel, Mr. Lefkowitz, in 
advance, and at co-counsel's request, he noted in our communication with Judge Davis, defense 
counsel's objection to criteria 7. I have now reviewed these criteria and find them balanced and 
reasonable. They appear designed to provide the victims with an attorney who can advise them on 
all their options, whether it be to walk away, to settle (as your client prefers), or to litigate. Again, 
our intent is not to favor any one of these options, but rather to leave the choice to each victim. 
Fifth, you assert that this Office "has improperly insisted that the chosen attorney 
representative should be able to litigate the claims of the individuals," should a resolution not be 
possible. This issue, likewise, has already been raised and addressed in discussions between your 
co-counsel and our First Assistant. We understand your position that it would be a conflict of 
interest for the attorney representative to subsequently represent victim-plaintiffs in a civil suit. Your 
interpretation of the ethics rules may be correct, or it may be wrong. Far from insisting that the 
attorney representative can represent victim-plaintiffs in subsequent litigation, our First Assistant 
and I have repeatedly told defense counsel that we take no position on this matter. Indeed, I fully 
expect your defense team to litigate this issue with the attorney representative if a resolution is not 
reached. 
I have responded personally and in some detail to your concerns because I deeply care about 
both the law and the integrity of this Office. I have responded personally and in some detail as well 
because your letter troubled me on a number of levels. My understanding of the negotiations in this 
matter informs my concerns. 
The Section 2255 provision issue was first discussed at a July 31, 2007, meeting between 
FAUSA Sloman, Criminal Chief Menchel, West Palm Beach Chief Londe, AUSA Villafaha, and 
two FBI agents who met with Roy Black, Gerald Lefcourt, and Lilly Ann Sanchez. On that date, the 
prosecutors presented a written, four-bullet-point term sheet that would satisfy the federal interest 
in the case and discussed the substance of those terms. One of these four points was the following 
provision: 
Epstein agrees that, if any of the victims identified in the federal investigation file 
suit pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255, Epstein will not contest the jurisdiction of the U.S. 
District Court for the Southern District of Florida over his person and the subject 
matter. Epstein will not contest that the identified victims are persons who, while 
minors, were victims of violations of Title 18, United States Code, Sections(s) 2422 
and/or 2423. 
-4-
EFTA00731645
--- PAGE 5 ---
12/04/07 TUE 16:48 FAX 305 530 6440 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE 
000 
In mid August 2007, your defense team, dissatisfied with my staffs review of the case, asked 
to meet with me. Mr. Lefkowtiz indicated your busy schedule, and asked me to put off until 
September 7, 2007, so that
 could attend. Mr. Lefkowitz also indicated that he might appeal my 
decision to Washington M., if my decision was contrary to his client's interest. 1 agreed to the 
September 71° meeting, despite the fact that our AUSA had an indictment ready for presentation to 
the grandjury. An explicit condition ofthat agreement, however, was an understanding between Mr. 
Lelkowitz and myself that any appeal to Washington would be undertaken expeditiously. 
On September 7, 2007,1, along with FAUSA Sloman, AUSAs McMillan and Villafatia, and 
FBI agents, met with you, Mr. Lelkowitz, and Ms. Sanchez. I understood that you wished to present 
federalism-based concerns regarding our prosecution. To ensure a full consideration of your 
arguments, I invited Drew Oosterbaan, Chief of the Criminal Division's Child Exploitation and 
Obscenity Section, to travel from Washington to attend our meeting. During the September r 
meeting, your co-counsel, Mr. Lefkowitz, offered a plea resolution. The inclusion of a Section 2255 
remedy was specifically raised and discussed at the September 7" meeting. Indeed, according to 
AUSA 
notes, you thanked her for bringing it to your attention. Again, no objection to 
the Section 2255 issue was raised. 
After considering the arguments raised at the September r meeting, and after conferring 
with the FBI and with Chief Oosterbaan, our Office decided to proceed with the indictment. At that 
time, i reminded Mr. Lelkowitz that he had previously indicated his desire to appeal such a decision 
to the Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney General, or the Assistant Attorney General for the 
Criminal Division, and I offered to direct our prosecutors to delay the presentation of the indictment 
to allow you or he to appeal our decision if you so chose. He decided not to do so. 
Instead, Mr. Epstein elected to negotiate theNon-Prosecution Agreement_ These negotiations 
were detailed and time-consuming. Mr. Epstein's defense team, including yourself, Professor 
Dershowitz, former United States Attorney Guy Lewis, Ms. Lilly Ann Sanchez and Messrs. Roy 
Black, Jack Goldberger, Gcrry Lefcourt and Jay Lelkowitz had the opportunity to review and raise 
objections to the terms of the Agreement. Again, no one raised objections to the Section 2255 
language. 
Since the signing of the Agreement, the defense team and our Office have addressed several 
issues that have arisen under the Agreement Although the exchanges were at times a bit litigious, 
it appears that these issues have been resolved by mutual consent, some in favor of your client, some 
not so. 
It is against these many previous foregone opportunities to object that I receive with surprise 
your letter requesting an 
hour, after-the-fact review of our Agreement Although it happens 
rarely, I do not mind this Office's decision being appealed to Washington, and have previously 
directed our prosecutors to delay filings in this case to provide defense counsel with the option of 
appealing our decisions. Indeed, although I am confident in our prosecutors' evidence and legal 
analysis, I nonetheless directed them to consult with the subject matter experts in the Criminal 
-5-
EFTA00731646
--- PAGE 6 ---
12/04/07 TUE 16:48 FAX 305 530 6440 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE 
007 
Division's Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section to confirm our interpretation of the law before 
approving their indictment package. I am thus surprised to read a letter addressed to Department 
Headquarters that raises issues that either have not been raised with this Office previously or that 
have been raised, and in fact resolved, in your client's favor. 
lain troubled, likewise, by the apparent lack of finality in this Agreement. The AUSAs who 
have been negotiating with defense counsel have for some time complained to me regarding the 
tactics used by the defense team. It appears to them that as soon as resolution is reached on one 
issue, defense counsel finds ways to challenge the resolution collaterally. My response thus far has 
been that defense counsel is doing its job to vigorously represent the client. That said, there must 
be closure on this matter. Some in our Office are deeply concerned that defense counsel will 
continue to mount collateral challenges to provisions of the Agreement, even after Mr. Epstein has 
entered his guilty plea and thus rendered the agreement difficult, if not impossible, to unwind. 
Finally, I am most concerned about any belief on the part of defense counsel that the 
Agreement is unethical, unlawful or unconstitutional in any way.' 
In closing, I would ask that you consult with co-counsel. If after consultations within the 
defense team, you believe that our Agreement is unethical, unlawful or unconstitutional, I would ask 
that you notify us immediately so that we can discuss the matter by phone or in person. I have 
consulted with the chief prosecutor in this case, who has advised me that she is ready to unwind the 
Agreement and proceed to trial if necessary or if appropriate. 
I would reiterate that it is not the intention of this Office ever to force the hand of a defendant 
to enter into an agreement against his wishes. Your client has the right to proceed to trial. Although 
time is of the essence (I understand that certain filings are due to our Office no later than December 
7h and that certain events must take place no later than December 14F), I am directing our 
prosecutors not to issue victim notification letters until this Friday at 55, to provide you with time 
to review these options with your client. We are available by phone or ID person, in the interim, to 
' It is not clear from your letter whether you believe that attorneys in this Office have acted improperly. 
Your letter, for example, alludes to the need to engage in an inquiry to assure that disclosures to potential 
witnesses did not undermine the reliability of the results of this federal investigation. As a Cornier 
Departmem of Justice attorney, l am certain that you recognize that this is a serious allegation. I have 
raised this matter with AUSA Villain% who informed me that the victims were not told of the availability 
of Section 2255 relief during the investigation phase of this matter. If you have specific concerns, I ask that 
you raise these with me immediately, so that I can make appropriate inquiries. 
-6-
EFTA00731647
--- PAGE 7 ---
12/04/07 TUE 16:48 FAX 305 530 8440 
EESCUTIVE OFFICE 
address any ma 
that might remain unaddressed in this letter. We expect a written decision by 
this Friday at 5M., indicating whether the defense team wishes to reaffirm, or to unwind, the 
Agreement. 
Sincerely, 
It ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
cc: 
Alice Fisher, Assistant Attorney General 
Jeffrey Sloman, First Assistant U.S. Attorney 
AUSA A. Marie Villafaila 
-7-
EFTA00731648

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731649.pdf
----------------------------------------
ORDERED in the Southern District of Florida on 
Raymond B. Ray, Judge 
United States Bankruptcy Court 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
www.flsb.uscourts.gov 
CASE NO.: 
09-34791-RBR 
Chapter 11 
IN RE: 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, P.A., 
Debtor. 
STIPULATED PROTECTIVE ORDER BY AND BETWEEN 
TRUSTEE AND CREDITORS 
Herbert Stettin, the Chapter 11 Trustee ("Trustee") of the Debtor, Rothstein RosehfeldtAdler, 
P.A. ("RRA"), and Jeffrey Epstein, by and through this undersigned counsel, Fowler White Burnett, 
P.A., pursuant to this Court's May 18, 2010 oral ruling granting Trustee's Motion for Expedited 
Relief Seeking a Protective Order and Approving Proposed Document Production Protocol ( D.E. 
#617), hereby agree to and request Court approval of the following stipulation: 
It is expected that, to facilitate the sharing of RRA's information, including electronically 
stored information ("ESI"), Mr. Epstein's counsel has submitted search criteria, including names of 
targeted custodians, search terms, date ranges, to/from, subject line contents, or other criteria to the 
Trustee to be applied against ESI in the possession of the Trustee. It is further anticipated that the 
Trustee's counsel and Mr. Epstein's counsel have agreed upon certain search criteria prior to the 
resulting data being produced to MR. Epstein's counsel. Finally, both parties seek the protection of 
EFTA00731649
--- PAGE 2 ---
the Court to ensure that they may share RRA information, including ESI, while preserving the 
privileges owed by RRA to its former clients. It is therefore ORDERED AND ADJUDGED: 
I. 
All resulting data from the search terms provided to the Trustee by Mr. Epstein's 
counsel shall be made available to Mr. Epstein and his counsel after the entry of this Stipulated 
Protective Order. Counsel for MR. Epstein shall immediately return any documents, ESI or other 
RRA information produced by the Trustee that is, or appears that it may be protected by 
attorney/client privilege relating to RRA's representation of any former client. Should any such 
disclosure of attorney/client privileged or work-product doctrine protected documents occur, upon 
the Parties' compliance with the terms of this Stipulated Protective Order, that disclosure shall be 
deemed waived by that disclosure int his or any other action in any other Federal or State proceeding, 
pursuant of Federal Rule of Evidence 502(d)(e) and Federal Rule of Civil Procedrue 26(b)(5)(B), 
regardless of state decisional law. 
2. 
Neither Mr. Epstein nor its counsel shall publish, disseminate, or make public any 
documents or ESI, or the contents thereof, provided by the Trustee without first submitting the 
documents or ESI to be used to the Trustee or his counsel for authorization, unless MR. Epstein or 
his counsel obtained the identical information from another non-privileged source. The Turstee shall 
examine any documents or ESI to be used by Mr. Epstein's counsel for privilege or protection before 
authorizing its use by said counsel. Mr. Epstein's counsel must receive written authorization from 
the Trustee prior to any publication, dissemination, or sue of any documents or ESI received from 
the Trustee which would make those documents or ESI public. 
3. 
Neither the Trustee nor his counsel shall publish, disseminate, or make public the list 
of search criteria submitted by Mr. Epstein's counsel nor a list of the documents that ESI supplied 
to Mr. Epstein or his counsel unless so compelled by Court Order. 
EFTA00731650
--- PAGE 3 ---
4. 
If any party identifies that privileged and/or protected documents of ESI have been 
produced to Mr. Epstein's counsel and said counsel failes to promptly return that protected 
information, and if any unauthorized publication of information provided by the Trustee to Mr. 
Epstein's counsel occurs in violation of this Stipulated Protective Order, the Trustee may move for 
injunctive relief on an emergency and/or expedited basis, including the application for an ex parte 
order enjoining possession, publication or other use of any RRA information, including documents 
or ESI. 
5. 
This protective order is not intended to nor does it apply to any person or party not 
explicitly named herein. 
Submitted by: 
Lilly Ann Sanchez, FBN 195677 
Christopher E. Knight, FBN 607363 
Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr., FBN 235954 
Rodney J. Janis, FBN 647896 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. 
901 Phillips Point West 
777 South Flagler Drive 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Copies to: 
Attorney Lilly Ann Sanchez shall serve this Order on all interested parties and file a certificate of 
service within 3 days of this Order. 
EFTA00731651

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731652.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731652.pdf
----------------------------------------
The truthfulness of M.'s allegations and testimon in 
s Civil Action have been 
severely compromised by the need to seek a 
dollar payout to maintain 
massive fraud. Because false settlements of tens of millions of dollars in cases 
relating to EPSTEIN were misrepresented to a 
in this ponzi scheme, 
and the attorneys in the Civil Actions needed to create a fiction that included 
extraordinary damages. However, the truth behind the Civil Actions could never 
support such extraordinary damages. Unethical and illegal measures were, 
therefore, undertaken to create an entirely inflated value of their_ claims against 
EPSTEIN. 
Though she held herself out as a "victim" of Epstein she admitted to having returned 
over and over again to his after her claim of abuse, 
—s
., She has now admitted, under oath, to being a 
(see Depo Transcri • t 
She testified 
(see Depo Transcri • t 
Transcript 
makin. 
L. (see Depo Transcript 
since the a e of 
and' 
(see Depo 
admitted her activity with other than 
  to 
• n ma be more than 
in 
admitted under oath to 
,Lfsee-Depe-Trensc-r-ipt 
includin: 
(see Depo 
Transcript 
Under the circumstances, a claim for damages against 
EPSTEIN, one of 
' during that same period, would  be so 
jncredible and certainly not likely produce the extraordinary settlements promised 
to ' 
In la
 therefore  before she was represented by 
and 
etheeettepneys-a-M, 
gave sworn taped recorded testimony to the  agents of 
the FBI speaking of EPSTEIN in-only in exceptionally glowing terms and directly 
contradicting all of the-her central allegations on which 
's Civil Action against 
Epstein is now based. However, once in the hands of 
and 
when faced with the prospect of a settlement or verdict which 
himself, 
has brazenly claimed numerous times to EPSTEIN's attorneys to be worth tens of 
millions of dollars, M.'s story changed dramatically. 
For example, in her sworn statement to the FBI, M. was insistent that 
" (See page 
of Sworn FBI Statement). At the conclusion of 
she stated: 
" (See pages 
of Sworn FBI-Statement). In fact, 
spoke so 
highly of EPSTEIN and her interactions with him that the US Attorninformed a 
federal court i 
hat the US Attorney could not consider M. a victim. 
(See excerpt from 
Declaration - page') 
EFTA00731652
--- PAGE 2 ---
Yet, b 
the date on which M. began her deposition in the Civil 
Action, 
.'s new and very different tale about purported sexual misconduct under 
the supposed influence of EPSTEIN had been thoroughly practiced and her 
indoctrination into the 
scam was complete. In her deposition in the 
Civil Action, .. 
declared that: 
In her sworn testimony before she met 
, .. 
was emphatic that her 
interactions with Epstein involved no inappropriate sexual touching in any way. In 
fact, it was exactly the opposite: 
• 
However, within a month after 
brought .. 
within the fold at the end of 
El. filed the Civil Action alleging, amon other thin s, sexuallii, ii 
of 
by Epstein. B the time the Complaint was 
after 
joined t
 allegations against EPSTEIN in 
.'s 
time i 
complaint became even more salacious. In paragraph.of.' 
Complaint,.. alleges among other things, that: 
EFTA00731653
--- PAGE 3 ---
In her sworn statement, nor to being represented by 
M. told 
investigators tha i 
the individual who first brou: ht 
to 
EPSTEIN's mansion, told 
' (see_age 
line 
f FBI Sworn Statement). Nevertheless, after 
tutelage, M. told a very different story: 
Before meetin 
testified to the FBI  : 
." see page., lines 
of Sworn FBI 
Statement). Yet, after she met 
when questioned about her 
Before 
was underage: 
represented M., she also testified that EPSTEIN never knew she 
Yet, once again, after 
came into the picture, M.'s new storyline became: 
also hired an attorney and began litigation Her being an 
employee o 
notwithstanding, 
EFTA00731654
--- PAGE 4 ---
Before 
also advised federal investigators that EPSTEIN never knew 
that any of the girls 
rought to EPSTEIN's mansion were underage: 
However, to bolster her claims in-the-Civil-Actienr.. 
made drastically different 
allegations, once 
and 
appeared on the scene. Instead of the 18 or 19 
or 20 year old women that 
told federal investigators she brought to EPSTEIN's 
mansion,She now testified that 
Before her representation by 
she had been goin : to E i stein's mansion, 
(see page 
lines 
• f Sworn FBI Statement 
counsel from 
and others at 
doin : so 
this scri 
a 
and 
period of ove 
of her de osition, stating: 
." (see Depo Transcrip i 
I However, 
was not content to leave it that, and in the middle of her deposition, sought to 
expand the claimed period of association with EPSTEIN, stating that she last saw 
EPSTEIN, 
when M. was asked how long 
stated "I saw him for a good year." 
Yet, after having the benefit of 
claimed to have been 
t at the be innin 
see Depo Transcript 
=n1 
tried to stick to 
M. was also emphatic before 
that there were absolutely no drugs 
involved-iwthe-Epstein-easei 
EFTA00731655
--- PAGE 5 ---
Hewevecr  PeaiiZifet-hat-she-weukl-ne
anatien-as-te-why-she-Fetuceeel-te 
EPS-TRIN-tale-and-ineluileil-outlandish-elahns-efisteug-abuse-in-her-elepositie 
testimenyt 
Yetruniler-persistentleestiening-fFem-EPST-E4NLs-6410firsehi4MA4lepesitieilreven 
•. had to admit, conci3tcnt with her prcviouo tc3timony to the FBI, that EPSTEIN 
liad-ne-invelvernent-vAlatse
elaimed-thuger-akehel-usagei 
A final example of how M.'s representation by M 
and involvement in the 
scam compromised 
's testimony in the Civil Action can be found in 
I. 
.'s characterization of others 
brought to the Epstein mansion. In her sworn 
statement prior to 
involvement, M. described those she brought to 
EPSTEIN's mansion as eager for the opportunity and content with their experiences: 
EFTA00731656
--- PAGE 6 ---
However, after she became 
client and the Civil Actions were brow ht to 
M, M. flipped her statements 180 degrees. In her deposition in her 
dollar Civil Action, not surprisingly, M. re-characterized the experiences of those 
she brought: 
EFTA00731657

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731658.pdf
----------------------------------------
Roger Schank 
Cognitive Processes 
Preface 
My father always told me that I would be a teacher. 
He didn't mean it in a nice way. My father talked 
in riddles. As the only child in the house I had 
plenty of time and opportunity to figure out what 
he was really saying. This was it: I am afraid that 
like me, the best you will be able to do in life is 
to be a civil service worker. He was also saying: 
if he had realized he was going to be a civil 
service worker, at least he could have been a 
teacher, which he might have enjoyed. He wasn't 
really talking about me at all. 
I never had any intention of being a teacher. I 
wanted to be a football player. But I could talk 
better than I could run. I became a professor 
EFTA00731658
--- PAGE 2 ---
Roger Schank 
Cognitive Processes 
because of my excetement about coming up with new 
ideas. 
I have been thinking about teaching for more than 
fifty years. First I thought about it when my 
father said that was what I was going to be. Then I 
thought about as I watched my teachers teach me and 
no less importantly, watched my father teach me. 
My father eventually retired from his civil service 
job and became a junior high school teacher in 
Harlem. He loved his new job and, I have to assume, 
became a good teacher. I say it that way because he 
was certainly not a good teacher for me, at least 
not when he thought was trying to teach me. 
I remember him trying to teach me algebra and it 
making no sense to me whatever. I remember him 
teaching me sports and I mostly think of him as 
being totally frustrated with my inability to 
perform as well as he had hoped. (Being a jock was 
a big thing to my father and I didn't run so well.) 
I did fine in algebra without his help and, in fact 
became, unfortunately, a math major in college. But, 
as I look back at it, my father was my first and 
best teacher. Why do I say this? 
My father was at his best when he wasn't teaching 
but when he was just saying what was on his mind 
and arguing. He often talked about history because 
he liked history. And when he talked about history 
and I asked questions, he became a good Socratic 
teacher. He forced me to think and question in our 
discussions. The conversations were often very 
heated but also were a highlight of my intellectual 
life at that time. My father taught me how to think. 
For this I am grateful. 
EFTA00731659
--- PAGE 3 ---
Roger Schank 
Cognitive Processes 
As part of my father's conversations about life 
with me he spent a fair amount of time on his own 
college experiences. He was sent by his mother to 
New York City to go live with his aunt in Brooklyn 
and to go to college. He was fifteen and had, until 
that time, spent his whole life on a farm/hotel run 
by his parents in upstate New York. He was 
unprepared for the city, had no money, missed his 
family, and had no idea why he wanted to go to 
college at all. Did I mention that he was fifteen? 
He had graduated first in his class (a class of 
sixteen I think) and had skipped a few grades on 
the way. Suddenly he found himself at New York 
University, which in those days was located in the 
Bronx. 
This is what he remembered about college in 1923: 
Apart from the poverty stories, the how hard he had 
to work to support himself stories, the watching 
the Yankees from the elevated train and wishing he 
could go to a game stories, this is what he 
remembered most: He remembered that teachers 
lectured, that you had to memorize what they told 
you and then tell it back to them on a test. He 
thought this to be an odd state of affairs. 
I was thinking about teaching before I got to 
college and I was thinking about it while I was a 
professor and I am thinking about it now that I 
have, for the most part, finished teaching. To make 
sure I have been thinking about it correctly, I 
asked former PhD students of mine, (now tenured 
professors mostly and some industry executives) 
what they had learned from me while they were 
spending 4-7 years studying with me. I thought 
their answers might help me think about teaching in 
a new way. I sent an e-mail to maybe 20 former 
students whose e-mail addresses I happened to have 
and most responded. Here are some pieces of them: 
EFTA00731660
--- PAGE 4 ---
Roger Schank 
Cognitive Processes 
1. I remember quite specifically a homework presentation I 
made in your class. When I presented it in class, I was a 
junior in college, and all the other students in that class 
were grad students. When I was done you smiled at everyone 
(a rare event) and said, "anyone care to follow that act?" 
Your clearly heartfelt endorsement of my little research 
product was a key moment in my coming to trust my own 
ideas. 
I just submitted a $16.7 million proposal to NIH 
that would create the first all computational genome 
center. The kind of chutzpah embodied in that proposal is 
one consequence of my experience with you. 
2. The way you assigned me to a project - you sent me to 
each existing project for two weeks until I hit on a 
project with a good fit (I was enthusiastic and coherent 
talking about it). I used this technique when I was 
assigning people at Accenture. 
3. You taught me to teach by telling students stories that 
are meaningful to you. I think to be a real teacher you 
have to let yourself be vulnerable. So the students can see 
that you are a human with feelings and fears and goals. And 
then being able to say to the students: this is the way I 
do it; it fits who I am; it helps me be successful; and 
don't let anyone tell you that you can't do something 
4. You taught me that not everyone will like you no matter 
what you do and no matter how hard you try. I came back 
from a Deloitte course evaluation, and the deans just hated 
me. Instead of being upset with me, you assured me that 
you have to just say what you believe, and some people 
won't like you, and oh well. 
5. You taught me to start by collecting data. 
I recall 
watching most of your papers start by collection of 
data. I recall watching your criticisms of work that was 
just abstraction on abstraction, with no data at its roots 
6. 
You taught me that often our theories get so complex 
that it takes a specialist with years of training to 
understand them. 
When we get our theories this distant 
from everyday life and everyday people, it is awkward 
EFTA00731661
--- PAGE 5 ---
Roger Schank 
Cognitive Processes 
explaining what we do when in conversation with our family, 
friends, the press, and even upper level executives, etc. 
You taught me to test to see if what you are doing matters 
and is of interest to the everyday person seeking 
distraction and some entertainment, but not entirely brain 
dead, with some curiosity left about life and what others 
think 
7. Nobody really understands their 
. thesis until 
several years after they are finished. You told me this, 
when you had an insight that I had not had, and I was 
working much closer to the details. I now take this to be 
an issue of perspective, and I come across it all the time 
when I am working with my students. I don't think I 
understood it at the time you told me, but I trusted it, 
and I started to see this with my own students, with people 
I met at conferences and talked to, and with people who 
came to interview at Georgia Tech. I've repeated it many 
times. Other faculty now repeat it back to me when some 
student doesn't realize the implications of what they are 
proposing. 
8. 
Because there are so many things you could be working 
on at any time (especially while working on 
. research 
and thesis), do the one you are most excited about at that 
time. Don't force yourself to do something you think you 
should do if there are other things on the list that you 
need to do that you are more excited about. 
9. 
You once told me to imagine that my mother was my 
audience - if I could explain it to my mother, I could 
explain it to anyone. Incredibly, this seems to work for 
every audience out there. So I've passed that tip along to 
my students and it seems to work for them too. 
10. I remember that you used to tell us we need to be 
excited to get up and go to work in the morning, that that 
was the most important thing. For some people, it's because 
of the people you will be with. For some, it is because of 
the passion about whatever it is. But, in general, I still 
give people that advice (and it is advice I've also been 
giving my own kids). You have to love what you are doing. 
This is a sample but it reflects what these former 
students, now all in their forties and fifties, 
remember about what I taught them. 
Hadn't they 
EFTA00731662
--- PAGE 6 ---
Roger Schank 
Cognitive Processes 
learned any facts from me? Didn't I teach them some 
real stuff? Some said in passing that they had 
learned the actual content of the subjects I taught 
as well, but that that wasn't as important to them 
as the things they chose to write about. Why not? 
I think that there are two answers to this question 
and those answers are what this book is really 
about. My father offered these same answers to me, 
not explicitly by any means, when I thought about 
the good and bad of having him as my teacher. When 
he tried to teach me facts, I learned nothing much. 
When he engaged my mind, I learned a lot. As a 
professor I never forgot this lesson. I rarely 
tried to teach facts, upsetting many a student 
along the way. I just argued with them, or 
encouraged them. I never told them much, except 
maybe some good stories. 
So here are the answers: 
The first is that 
Teaching isn't what outsiders to the 
profession think it is. 
The profession I am referring to here is of course: 
the teaching profession. 
The second is that 
Learning isn't what outsiders to the 
profession think it is. 
In this case, the profession I am referring to is 
not teaching at all. 
Let's start with teaching. 
EFTA00731663
--- PAGE 7 ---
Roger Schank 
Cognitive Processes 
A professor friend of mine once asked her class 
what they thought a professor's biggest fear while 
teaching a class was. They all agreed it was not 
knowing the answer to a question a student might 
ask. When she told this story to a group of 
professors, they all laughed out loud. 
Why am I telling this story? Because a student's 
view of teaching varies greatly from teacher's 
view. No teacher worries about not knowing the 
right answer to something a student will ask. You 
can always fake it (say - What do you think? or 
Class, can you help here?) if you think it is 
important, but answers don't matter very much. 
Teachers are not supposed to be encyclopedias. They 
are supposed to be something else. The question is: 
what? 
My student's responses above give a hint. Teachers 
are supposed to be people who help students find 
their interests in life, think about how to make 
decisions, understand how to approach a problem, or 
otherwise live sensibly. Teachers are never shocked 
to be asked to provide personal or professional 
advice to a student having a problem - any problem. 
Teaching means being available to help if one takes 
one's job seriously. But then, this important 
advisory job is confused by lesson plans, and class 
hours, and lectures, none of which matter very 
much. 
Why do I say that these things don't matter very 
much? This is the essence of what this book is 
about - the move from content-based instruction to 
cognitively-based learning, assisted by good 
teaching. This means we will have to define this 
"new" kind of learning (its not really new of 
course, just new to schools) and the "new" kind of 
teaching that is a natural consequence of using 
this new learning method. 
EFTA00731664
--- PAGE 8 ---
Roger Schank 
Cognitive Processes 
Most teachers understand and appreciate that 
delivering the required material is not their real 
job, at least it is not the reason they signed on 
in the first place. The employers of teachers on 
the other hand, administrators, governments, 
department heads, and so on, expect certain 
material to be covered. Exciting students is not on 
their worry list. This is a big problem for 
teachers and for students and one that we will 
address here. 
But my more serious concern is our conception of 
learning, not teaching. Teaching follows one's 
conception of learning so getting learning right is 
of prime importance. When I said earlier that 
outsiders to the learning profession wouldn't get 
the real point I was being ironic. There is no 
learning profession. Why not? 
In 1989, I moved from Yale to Northwestern to 
establish a new institute, funded by Andersen 
Consulting, devoted to issues of changing training 
and education by the use of new technologies. I 
needed a name for the institute and came up with 
The Institute for the Learning Sciences. I made up 
the term "Learning Sciences." There was no such 
field in academia. Most people thought I meant we 
were planning to work on how people learned 
science. The only academic fields that "studied" 
learning were Psychology, and Education. 
Psychology, being an experimental field, only 
allows faculty to work on experiments about 
learning that provide data in a controlled 
environment. Education faculty study how schools 
work and very rarely think about learning outside 
of the school context or in a way different from 
the paradigm already extant in schools. I wanted to 
create a learning profession. In 1989, there 
certainly didn't seem to be one. 
EFTA00731665
--- PAGE 9 ---
Roger Schank 
Cognitive Processes 
Today this is less true. Cognitive Science, a field 
I also had a big part in creating, has become more 
important in the academic world. 
Training, and e-
learning, the first new field to come about as a 
result of our work at my new Institute (for better 
or for worse - I am not too fond of most e-learning 
work) has become more important to think about 
within the academic context, in part because on 
line courses are seen as potential revenue 
producers. 
So, while there is still no learning profession per 
se, there is much interest in what learning is 
about. This book is meant to address the issue of 
what learning really is, in or out of school, and 
to answer the question: how does learning really 
work? The questions that follow from the answer to 
that question are: 
1. What kinds of learning situations occur 
naturally? 
2. How can we focus education (and training and 
e-learning) on those types of situations in a 
new paradigm? 
3. What would teaching look like in this new 
paradigm? 
4. If what we know about how learning works is 
antithetical to how school works, then what 
can we do? 
Answering these questions is one goal of this book. 
Another goal of this book to think 
what it means to teach. Typically, 
teaching in precisely the way that 
forces us to look at it. There are 
there are experts and experts talk 
subjects to students who listen to 
to say. This idea is not only archaic -- it is 
seriously about 
we look at 
our system 
subjects and 
about their 
what they have 
EFTA00731666
--- PAGE 10 ---
Roger Schank 
Cognitive Processes 
wrong. In the history of mankind teaching could 
never have looked this way. 
Teaching always meant apprenticeship until 
recently. We are set up to be apprentices, to learn 
by doing with help from a mentor. We have done this 
since the beginning of time. When learning became 
academic in nature, when students were expected to 
become scholars, all this changed -- and it didn't 
change for the better. Teaching started to mean 
talking and talking is a terrible way to teach. 
People aren't really that good at listening after 
all. Small children don't listen to their parents. 
They may copy their parents. They can be corrected 
by their parents. They may be impeded from doing 
something by their parents. But listen? Not really. 
We listen in order to be entertained, not in order 
to learn. 
This lack of understanding about what learning 
really is like, and what teaching must be like in 
order to be useful, has caused us to set up school 
in a way that really does not work very well. When 
students complain about school, when politicians 
say school isn't working, we understand that there 
is a problem. But we don't understand what the 
problem is. We think we can fix the schools by 
making them more friendly, or safer, or paying 
teachers better, or having students have more say, 
but none of this is the case. 
We see school as a place to study academics, and to 
become a scholar, when in, fact very few students 
actually want to become scholars or study 
academics. As a society we have gotten caught up in 
a conception of school from the late 1800's that 
has failed to change in any significant way, 
despite the fact that universal education has made 
the system unstable. 
EFTA00731667
--- PAGE 11 ---
Roger Schank 
Cognitive Processes 
In this book, we will try to understand how 
learning actually works, and how teaching actually 
works. 
EFTA00731668

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731669.pdf
----------------------------------------
TiId Hut Roof Replacement 
Initial Budget 
Gary : 
Date: 
JEE: 
Date: 
,aExtic 
$53,620.00 
— 
Total 
Au 
2010 
Grou 
Phase 
Pean-90. 
2tt Via 
Price 
$hippinq
Direct Expenses 
01-045 Cut & Patch 
hrs 
$20.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$1,600.00 
01-522 
Temporary Enclosures/Safety 
tot 
$500.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$500.00 
01-610 Material Handling 
hrs 
$25.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$1,000.00 
01.624 Construction Cleaning 
hrs 
$20.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$320.00 
01.645 Expendables 
tot 
$500.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$500.00 
01-665 Equipment Operation 
hrs 
$25.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$600.00 
01-900 Misc. EY:I:tenses 
tot 
$500.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$500.00 
Division Total 
$5,020.00 
Sltework 
02-050 Demolition 
hrs 
$20.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$1,600.00 
02-150 Shoring / Staging 
tot 
$5,000.001 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$5,000.00 
02-200 Walls I Pads 
tot 
$2,000.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$2,000.00 
Division Total 
$8,600.00 
Wood 
06-050 Fasteners 
tot 
$1,500.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$1,500.00 
Division Total 
$1,500.00 
Moisture / Thermal 
07-412 Roofing Assembly 
2000 
sft 
$10.00 
$0.001 
$0.00 
$20.000.00 
Division Total 
$20,000.00 
Finishes 
09-510 Bamboo Ceilings 
2000 
sft 
$3.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$6.000.00 
09-920 Painting 
tot 
$2,500.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$2,500.00 
Division Total 
$8,500.00 
Electrical 
16-000 Electrical Complete 
tot 
$10,000.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$10,000.00 
Division Total 
$10,000.00 
Total 
$53,620.00 
Page toil 
EFTA00731669

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731670.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731670.pdf
----------------------------------------
IA 
MARK ZEFF 
TRANSMITTAL 
TO: 
Doron Silverman 
Argent Custom Furnishings 
3217 Exposition Place 
Los Angeles, CA 90018 
TEL: 
VIA: 
E-Mail 
FROM: Jorge Porta 
CC: Mark Zeff, Matt Milne, Doug Schoettle, Gary Kemey 
DATE: September 27, 2010 
RE. LSJ-Kitchen Progress Set 
There are 14 sheets of information (not including this cover page). If you experience any problems in the 
transmission, Contact 
Dated 
qty 
Description 
9/23/10 
set 
X 36 LSJ-Kitchen Progress Set: 09.23.2010 
Transmitted: 
K As Requested 
❑Approved 
❑Rejected 
❑Examined 
K For Review & Comment ❑Approved as Noted 
❑Revise & Resubmit 
❑Submit Specified Item 
Remarks: 
As discussed, provide pricing for the enclosed set of drawings. Call me to discuss any questions or comments. 
Please have final numbers back to me b end of this week. 
Senders Signature: 
Prepared By: 
Jorge Porta 
515 WEST 20TH ST. 4W NEW YORK. NY 10011 
markzeftcom 
EFTA00731670

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731671.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731671.pdf
----------------------------------------
TRANSMITTAL 
TO: 
ti
iii= 
TEL: 
VIA: 
Email 
FROM: Jorge Porta 
CC: 
Gary Kerney, Jeffery Epstein, 
DATE: October 8, 2010 
RE. 
LSJ-Kitchen : Millwork Pricing 
, Stacie Meador, Mark Zeff 
There is (are) 7 page(s) of information including this cover page. If you experience any problems in the transmission, 
Contact 
at (ext 204) 
Dated 
Description 
10.08.2010 
Bid Summation Leveling Document 
10.08.2010 
Proposal - Argent Custom Furniture 
10.04.2010 
Proposal — International Woodwork Corp 
10.08.2010 
Proposal — Mueller Custom Cabinetry 
Transmitted: 
As Requested 
OApproved 
['Rejected 
OExamined 
For Review & Comment ['Approved as Noted 
['Revise & Resubmit 
OSubmit Specified Item 
Remarks: 
As discussed, enclosed is the above mentioned. Please review and contact me with questions or comments. 
Sender's Signature: 
Prepared By: 
Jorge Porta 
am* 
mar kzeff.corti 
EFTA00731671
--- PAGE 2 ---
Little Saint James - Kitchen Project 
BID SUMMATION 10/08/10 
Argent 
International 
Mueller 
BANQUETTE SEATING 
ISLAND CABINET 
UPPER CABINETS W/ PUCK LIGHTS 
LOWER CABINET I DWR I DR 
LOWER CABINET VW SINK 
518.5ot oo r 
56.650.001
$9.450.001
58.200.00 1
53.300.00J 
59.418.98 
57.388.381
$5.183.55v 
$5.951.94 v 
51.118.80 v 
$24,000.00'1
538.000.00 v 
$19.000.004
$30.000.00 . 
S7.000.00 1
LOWER CAB W/ 3 DWR 
$8.450.00 .
53.902.93 4 
59.oixtoci 4
DOUBLE OVEN ENCLOSURE 
$3.450.00 1
$1.778 70 4
$4.000.00 
FULL HGT STORAGE CABINET WITH S SHELVES 
$8,250.001
$5,297.12' 
511.000.001
REFIGERATOR SURROUND 
$7.550.00 / 
5849.75 4
53.0ockao ' 
SUB TOPS 
$1.250.00 
738 85 / 
52.000.00V 
$52$50.00 
$34.20580 
$123.000.00 
PUCK LIGHTS 
included above 
included above 
included above 
STONE TOPS & BACKSPLASH 
525.550 00 .1
$15.853.21 
$28:
 .00 
PAINT GRADE CROWN 
NIC 
NIC 
PAINT GRADE BASE 
NIC 
NIC 
NIC 
TM 
included above 
Encluded above 
included do., i 
SHIPPING .5 HANDLING 
$19,000.00 
511.800.00 
$10,000.00 
INSTALLATION 
518 500.00 
540.559.23 
$32,000.00 
TOTAL 
$134,100.00 
$111,635.22 
$217,000.00 
MOCK-UP BANQUETTE SEATING 
SCHEDULES (shop drawings $ hbricatIon) 
Exclusion 
Electrical 8 Plumbing 
Not Included 
Not Included 
Not !flooded 
Flooring 
Not Included 
Not Included 
Not Included 
Crown Molding $ Base Molding 
Not Included 
Not Included 
Not Included 
Appliances 
Not Included 
Not Included 
Not Included 
Banquette Fabnc 
Not Included 
Not Included 
Not Included 
Shipping outside US 
Not Included 
Not Inc dad 
Not Included 
$3.950.00 
10.12 WEEKS 
$2.300.00 
$800.00 
5-8 WEEKS 
9.10 WEEKS 
Notes 
Material pamt grade sold maple 
paint grade solid maple 
paint grade solid maple 
EFTA00731672
--- PAGE 3 ---
ARGENT 
e CUSTOM 
FURNITURE 
Argent Custom Furniture 
REVISED LSJ Kitchen Quotation 101 
To: Jorge Porta 
Date: 10.7.10 
Zeff Design 
Vendor Name: Argent Custom Furniture 
FOB Point: Los Angeles Factory 
Country OlOrigin: 
Project Name: REVISED LSJ Kitchen Quotation 101 
Lead Time: 10-12 Weeks 
LEAD TIME IS 10-12 WEEKS FROM RECEIPT OF DEPOSIT AND APPROVED 
DRAWINGS. FINISH SAMPLES. SIGNED CONFIRMING ORDERS ANO RECEIPT OF 
C 0 M'S MAY AFFECT THIS DATE. CANCELLATIONS MADE AFTER RECEIPT OF 
DEPOSIT WILL INCUR A MINIMUM CHARGE OF 25%. PAST DUE INVOICES 
WILL BE CHARGED AT NE RATE OF
 PER MONTH. 18% PER ANNUM. 
Location 
Item # 
Description 
Size 
Finish 
Material 
coutot 
QTY 
Unit Price 
Extension 
Banquette Seating 
251. x 3•513 x SH 
Alder 
5yd 
E18,600.00 
$18,500.00 
Lower Cabinet 1 DWR, 2DR 
TED 
TED 
Alder 
$1.650.00 
$3.300.00 
Island Cabinet 
TBD 
TED 
Alder 
58,650.00 
$8,650.00 
Upper Cabinets WI Puck Lights 
TBD 
TB0 
Alder 
$1,350.00 
$9,450.00 
Lower Cabinet 1 DWR, 1DR 
TED 
TBD 
Alder 
$1,550.00 
$6.200.00 
Lower Cabinet w/ Sink 
TIM 
TED 
Alder 
No Bid 
No Bid 
Lower Cabinet w/ 3 DWR 
TBD 
780 
Alder 
$2,150.00 
$6,450.00 
Double Oven Enclosure 
I be" 
TED 
Alder 
$3,450.00 
53.450.00 
EFTA00731673
--- PAGE 4 ---
ARGENT 
CUSTOM 
FURNITURE 
Argent Custom Furniture 
REVISED LSJ Kitchen Quotation 101 
Location 
Item # 
Description 
Size 
Finish 
Material 
ce...c.04. 
QTY 
Unit Price 
Extension 
Full Height Storage Cabinet wr 
Shelves 
TEID 
TEO 
Alder 
$6,250.00 
56.250.00 
Refrigerator Surround 
TED 
MD 
Alder 
$7,550.00 
$7,550.00 
Sub Tops 
TED 
MD 
Alder 
51.250.00 
$1,250.00 
Stone Tops and Backsplash 
TBD 
TBD 
Stone 
$25,550.00 
$25.550.00 
Mock•Up Banquette Seating 
II,D 
TBD 
Alder 
$3,950.00 
S3 950.00 
Installation (this number does 
not include travel) 
$18,500.00 
St8,500.00 
S'uppri.',; 
$19,000.00 
S19.000.00 
Argent Custom Furniture 
3317 Exposition Place 
Los Angeles. Ca 90018 
F 
Total: 
$138,050.00 
EFTA00731674
--- PAGE 5 ---
INTERNATIONAL WOODWORK CORP 
Litte Saint James No. 6A Red Hook Quarter 
DATE 
1014110 
Kitchen 
PROPOSAL # 
7121R2 
ITEM* ROOM# 
DESCRIPTION OF WORK 
PLAN REF 
ELEVATION 
DETAIL 
FINISH 
QUAN 
UM 
TOTAL 
1.00 
Kit 
Banquet Seating 30'-0" (customer supplied fabric) ID5.01A 
NID6.01A 
1/106.016 
PT1WDIBase 
EA 
$18,724.66 
2.00 
Kit 
Island Cabinet (Stone by others) 
ID5.01A 
2,3/ID7.01A 
ID7.01A 
Mel/painted Lag. 
EA 
$14,440.44 
3.00 
Kit 
Upper Cabinets w/ puck lights 
ID5.01A 
C.D/I06.01B 
6/1D7.O1C 
Mel/painted Lag. 
LF 
$10.731.91 
4.00 
Kit 
Lower Cab 1 Dwr 1 Dr 
ID5.01A 
B,C & D 
5/ID7.01C 
Mel/painted Laq. 
LF 
$13.026.11 
5.00 
Kit 
Lower Sink Cab 
ID5.01A 
B/ID6.01A 
1/107.01B 
Mel/painted Lag. 
LF 
52.682.79 
6.00 
Kit 
Lower Cab 3 Dwr 
ID5.01A 
B&C 
6/ID7.01C 
Mel/painted Laq. 
LF 
$7,648.07 
7.00 
Kit 
Double Oven Enclosure 
ID5.01A 
C 
4/ID7.01C 
Mel/painted Laq. 
LF 
53.174.85 
8.00 
Kit 
Full Height Storage Cab 5 shelves 
ID5.01A 
D 
7/ID7.01C 
Mel/painted Laq. 
LF 
$9,998.51 
9.00 
Kit 
Refrigerator Surround 
ID5.01A 
B,C & D 
91107.OD 
Mel/painted Lag. 
EA 
$1.860.91 
10.00 
Kit 
Sub Tops 
I05.01A 
ALL 
PLY 
LF 
$7,077.95 
13.00 
Kit 
Caesaestone Eggshell pollished 
ID5.01A 
ALL 
ID7.01B 
Caesaer Stone 
202 
SO 
$22.269.00 
Add altemet to provide a seating mock-up $2.300.00 
TOTAL 
$111,635.21 
F.0.8 MAINLAND DOCK 
TAX ON MATERIALS 
RECEIVE POSITION & INSTALL 
BOND PREMIUM 
TOTAL 
657,724.10 
61,751.89 
$52.159.23 
$0.00 
$111,635.22 
EFTA00731675
--- PAGE 6 ---
INTERNATIONAL WOODWORK CORP 
Ws Saint James No. aA Red Hook Owner 
Ithchan 
PROPOSAL* 
?QUIZ 
ITEM* ROOMS 
OPSCRIPTIONOF WORK 
PLAN REF 
ELEVATION 
DETAIL 
FINISH 
' WAN 
VU' 
FABRICATE 
fPOPM440 AND 
INSTALL 
TOTAL 
HAMMING 
1.00 
K4 
Romp* Sotto, 30%0 lati.onnv sunned IWO ID5.01A 
A006.01A 
1106.018 
PTANDIElase 
EA 
9.418$6, 
2,955.41 
352 27 
721.66 
200 
Kq 
L1400 Cabin* (Stone by oihets) 
ID5.01A 
2.3407.01A 
ID7.01A 
Klebbainted La 
EA 
7,388 36 
1170.28 
5.08141 
la 440 44 
300 
Kt 
V1944 COUnets wi ow* Ira 
ID5.01A 
C 0406.018 
6407.01C 
Mel/painted Lao. 
LF 
5.183,55 
I 313 52. 
4234.84 
731.91 
400 
K1 
Lower Cab 1 Dva 1 Dr 
ID5.01A 
13.0 8 D 
S6D7.01C 
Mel/00MS L*0 
LF 
951 94 
1074.73 
5.399.43 
13,026.11 
500 
Kt 
Lower Sink Cab 
ID5.01A 
IVIC43.01A 
1107.016 
MoltoainloO Las. 
LF 
1.1164.0 
295,54 
1.270 45 
2682.79 
6.00 
KA 
Lower Cab 3 Dwr 
ID5.01A 
EMC 
6407.010 
MOMpait404/ L*13, 
LF 
3.902.93 
886.62 
2.85052 
7.648.07 
7.00 
Kt 
Double Oven Erchopot 
ID5.01A 
C 
45I07.01C 
MiAloainIod Lao, 
LF 
1.77870 
4331 
962.84 
3174.85 
800 
Kt 
FdI Reit Swam. Cab 5 *Won 
ID5.01A 
7407 01C 
MolMait490 LDS 
LF 
5.297.12 
1313.52 
3.38768 
9998.51 
900 
Ka 
Relnootaits Surround 
IDSO1A 
8.C8 D 
9107.00 
MeVpainte0 Lao. 
I 
EA 
849.75 
¶64.19 
846.97 
188091 
10.00 
Kt 
Sub Tore 
Et.812 
ALL 
PLY 
LF 
2,736.65 
582.87 
3.758.42 
077.95 
co 
Kt 
Gamester* 696stra polished 
ALL 
107.018 
Caesser Stone 
202 
SO 
15.853,21 
0.00 
8415,79 
22293.00 
DATE 
10/4/10 
$ 
59.47519 
11400.00 
S 
40.55023 
111,635.21 
EFTA00731676
--- PAGE 7 ---
UELLER 
millwork & architectural elements 
To: 
Mark Zeff 
Mueller Custom Cabinetry, Inc. 
12320 Montague Lane, Pacoima, CA 91331 
Phone 
Fax 
CA eG20052 
tt4R1135 
Proposal 
Attn: 
Jorge Porta 
Project: 
Little St James Private Residence U.S. Virgin Islands 
Date: 
10.8.10 
No. 
Item Description 
Price 
BANQUETTE SEATING 
24,000.00 
ISLAND CABINET 
38,000.00 
UPPER CABINETS WI PUCK LIGHTS 
19,000.00 
LOWER CABINET 1 DWR 1 DR 
30,000.00 
LOWER CABINET WI SINK 
7,000.00 
LOWER CAB W/ 3 DWR 
9,000.00 
DOUBLE OVEN ENCLOSURE 
4,000.00 
FULL HGT STORAGE CABINET WITH 5 SHELVES 
.000.00 
REFIGERATOR SURROUND 
3,000.00 
LI 
SUB TOPS 
2,000.00 
STONE TOPS & BACKSPLASH 
28,000.00 
• 
SHIPPING & HANDLING 
$ 
10,000.00 
INSTALLATION 
$ 
32,000.00 
TMOCK-UP BANQUETTE SEATING 
600.00 
$ 
217,600.00 
Included: 
Labor, Materials, Finishing, Drawings, Samples, Shipping, Installation, 
Stone Countertops 
Excluded: Electrical, Plumbing, Flooring, Crown Moulding, Base Moulding, Appliances 
Taxes & Duties On Shipping 
Submitted By: 
Martin Mueller 
EFTA00731677

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731678.pdf
----------------------------------------
TRANSMITTAL 
TO: 
Doua Schoettle 
TEL: 
VIA: 
Email 
FROM: 
Jorge Porta 
CC: 
Gary Kerney Jeffery Epstein, 
DATE: 
October 22, 2010 
, Stacie Meador, Mark Zeff 
RE. LSJ-Kitchen Issue for Construction Set & Specifications 
There are 2 sets of information including this cover page. If you experience any problems in the transmission, 
Contact 
at (ext 204) 
Dated 
CS 
Description 
10/22/10 
sets 
LSJ-Kitchen Issued for Construction Set: 10.22.2010 
10/20/10 
sets 
LSJ-Kitchen Specifications 
Transmitted: 
K As Requested 
❑Approved 
❑Rejected 
❑Examined 
K For Review & Comment ❑Approved as Noted 
❑Revise & Resubmit 
❑Submit Specified Item 
Remarks: 
Per our conversation, attached is the above mentioned reflecting all red-line comments. 
Please feel free to contact us ith any • ues ons or comments. 
Sender's Signature 
Prepared By: 
Jorge Porta 
Milt kreff.com 
EFTA00731678

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731679.pdf
----------------------------------------
VA 
MARK ZEE F 
TRANSMITTAL 
TO: 
Martin Mueller 
Mueller Millwork 
12349 Montague Lane 
Pacoima, CA 91331 
TEL: 
VIA: 
E-Mail 
FROM: Jorge Porta 
CC: Mark Zeff, Matt Milne, Doug Schoettle, Gary Kerney 
DATE: September 27, 2010 
RE. LSJ-Kitchen Progress Set 
There are 14 sheets of information (not including this cover page). If you experience any problems in the 
transmission, Contact 
Dated 
Qty 
Description 
9/23/10 
set 
X 36 LSJ-Kitchen Progress Set: 09.23.2010 
Transmitted: 
K As Requested 
❑Approved 
❑Rejected 
❑Examined 
K For Review & Comment ❑Approved as Noted 
❑Revise & Resubmit 
❑Submit Specified Item 
Remarks: 
As discussed, provide pricing for the enclosed set of drawings. Call me to discuss any questions or comments. 
Please have final numbers back to m 
v end of this week. 
Senders Signature: 
Prepared By: 
Jorge Port 
515 WEST 20TH ST AW 
NEW YORK. NY 1CO11 
markzeftcom 
EFTA00731679

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731680.pdf
----------------------------------------
II 
MARK ZEFF 
TRANSMITTAL 
TO: 
Glenn Johnson 
NORTHWESTERN 
TEL: 
VIA: 
E-Mail 
FROM: Jorge Porta 
CC: Mark Zeff, Matt Milne, Doug Schoettle, Gary Kemey 
DATE: September 27, 2010 
RE. LSJ-Kitchen Progress Set 
There are 14 sheets of information (not including this cover page). If you experience any problems in the 
transmission, Contact 
at (ext 204) 
Dated 
gy 
Description 
9/23/10 
set 
X 36 LSJ-Kitchen Progress Set: 09.23.2010 
Transmitted: 
K As Requested 
❑Approved 
❑Rejected 
❑Examined 
K For Review & Comment ❑Approved as Noted 
❑Revise & Resubmit 
❑Submit Specified Item 
Remarks: 
As discussed, please provide pricing for the enclosed set of drawings. Call me to discuss any questions or 
comments. Please have final numbers back to me by end of this week. 
Sender's Signature: 
Prepared By: 
Jorge Porta 
••••••"" 
515 WEST 20TH ST. 4W 
NEW YORK. NY 10011 
markzeltcom 
EFTA00731680

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731681.pdf
----------------------------------------
Courses & Grades for 2006/7 Year of study 
NIMROD PRIELL 
06661142 7 
Phone: 
Year of study : 
2007 
()apartment: 530 
MATHEMATICS 
[Contact the SCIENCE's academic secretary 
Grade Average : 93.52 Cumulative dept. credit units for GPA: 26.50 Cumulative dept. GPA: 93.52 
GPA: Grade Points Average) 
Course No. 
Course Name 
Credit 
Grade 
Grade Type 
Additional 
Grades 
Statistics 
72108 
FROM CELL TO ORGANISM 
4.00 
Click Here 
72131 
GENETICS LAB - HONOR'S PROG. 3.50 
Click Here 
72140 
GUIDED SEMINAR - HONOR'S PRO 3.00 
72156 
INT. TO GENETICS - HONOR'S P 
3.00 
Click Here 
Click Here 
72509 
SAFETY IN BIOLOGICAL WORK 
1.00 
80131 
INFINITESIMAL CALCULUS (1) 
7.00 
EXMP 
Click Here 
80132 
INFINITESIMAL CALCULUS (2) 
7.00 
Click Here 
80134 
LINEAR ALGEBRA (1) 
6.00 
EXMP 
Click Here 
80135 
LINEAR ALGEBRA (2) 
6.00 
Click Here 
Click Here 
Courses & Grades for 2007/8 Year of study 
Phone: 
Year of study : 
NIMROD PRIELL 
06661142 7 
2008 
()apartment: 530 
MATHEMATICS 
[Contact the SCIENCE'S academic secretary 
Grade Average : 88.57 Cumulative dept. credit units for GPA: 54.50 Cumulative dept. GPA: 90.98 
[GPA:Grade Points Average] 
Course No. 
Course Name 
Credit 
Grade 
Grade Type 
Additional 
Statistics 
Grades 
80200 
SET THEORY 
3.00 
Click Here 
80315 
ADVANCED INFINITESIMAL CALCU 6.00 
Click Here 
80316 
ADVANCED INFINITESIMAL CALCU 4.00 
Click Here 
80428 
GAME THEORY (1) 
3.00 
Click Here 
80429 
GAME THEORY (2) 
3.00 
100 
Click Here 
EFTA00731681
--- PAGE 2 ---
80445 
ALGEBRAIC STRUCTURES (1) 
5.00 
Click Here 
80446 
ALGEBRAIC STRUCTURES (2) 
4.00 
Click Here 
Department: 570 
LIFE SCIENCES 
[Contact the SCIENC E's academic secretary 
Grade Average : 88.80 Cumulative dept. credit units for GPA: 35.00 
(GPA:Grade Points Average] 
Cumulative dept. GPA: 88.80 
Course No. 
Course Name 
Credit 
Grade 
Grade Type 
Additional 
Statistics 
Grades 
69166 
ORGANIC CHEMISTRY FOR BIOLOG 5.00 
Click Here 
69173 
GENERAL CHEMISTRY LAB FOR BI 
3.00 
Click Here 
69174 
GENERAL CHEMISTRY FOR BIOLOG 5.00 
Click Here 
72110 
FROM CELL TO ORGANISM - LAB 
3.00 
Click Here 
72121 
BIOCHEMISTRY OF THE CELL 
6.00 
Click Here 
72334 
INTRODUCTION TO PLANT SCIENC 
4.00 
Click Here 
72390 
GUIDED SEMINAR - HONORS PRO 
4.00 
Click Here 
72585 
ANIMAL BEHAVIOR 
3.00 
Click Here 
89714 
SYMBIOSIS 
2.00 
Click Here 
Department: 
088 
Grade Average : .00 Cumulative dept. credit units for GPA : .00 Cumulative dept. GPA: .00 
GPA: Grade Points Averagol) 
Course No. 
Course Name 
Credit 
Grade 
Grade Type 
Additional 
Statistics 
Grades 
80320 
ORDINARY DIFFERENTIAL EQUATI 4.00 
Courses & Grades for 2008/9 Year of study 
NIMROD PRIELL 
06661142 7 
Phone: 
Year of study : 
2009 
Click Here 
Department: 701 
BIOLOGY SECTION - GENERAL TR 
[Contact the SCIENCE'S academic secretary 
Grade Average : 93.00 Cumulative dept. credit units for GPA: 5.00 Cumulative dept. GPA: 93.00 
(GPA: Grade Points Average) 
Course No. 
Course Name 
Credit 
Grade 
Grade Type 
Additional 
Statistics 
Grades 
72107 
INTRO. TO ECOLOGY & POPULATI 5.00 
Department. 530 
MATHEMATICS 
[Contact the SCIENCE's academic secretary 
Click Here 
EFTA00731682
--- PAGE 3 ---
Grade Average : 87.40 Cumulative dept. credit units for GPA: 81.50 
(CPA: Grade Points Average) 
Cumulative dept. GPA : 89.79 
Additional 
Course No. 
Course Name 
Credit 
Grade 
Grade Type 
Statistics 
Grades 
72332 
INTRODUCTION TO MOLECULAR BI 5.00 
Click Here 
72336 
INTRODUCTION TO PHYSIOLOGY 
5.00 
Click Here 
72693 
EVOLUTION 
4.00 
Click Here 
76411 
INFORMATION 8 LIBRARY RESOUR .00 
PASS 
80406 
Elementry Mathematics from a 
3.00 
Click Here 
80420 
PROBABILITY THEORY (1) 
4.00 
Click Here 
80516 
INTRODUCTION TO TOPOLOGY 
4.00 
Click Here 
80796 
Large Deviations 
2.00 
Click Here 
EFTA00731683

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731684.pdf
----------------------------------------
Attorney General Vincent F. Frazer 
Dear Sir: 
My client, Jeffrey Epstein, is a full-time resident of the Virgin Islands, who 
maintains his home at Little St James. On June 30, 2008 Mr. Epstein plead guilty to 
two felony counts in Florida state court He received an 18-month incarcerative 
sentence to be followed by one year of supervision. Mr. Epstein resided the entire 
year in the Virgin Islands before his sentence, and his place of employment was and 
still is , The Financial Trust Company, Inc., located at Red Hook Quarter in St 
Thomas . As both his legal residence and place of employment is the Virgin Islands, I 
write to request your assistance in the transfer of that supervision from the State of 
Florida to the Virgin Islands. 
In connection with his plea, Mr. Epstein agreed to one year of supervision, 
"community control" following his incarceration. Under the laws of the State of 
Florida, community control is an enhanced form of probation, where the offender is 
also subject to weekend and holiday supervision by case officers with reduced 
workloads. Unlike ordinary probation, Mr. Epstein is to meet with his probation 
officer at least once a week , as opposed to once a month, and is also subject to a list 
of additional restrictions. Please see the attached for the list of additional 
restrictions. As you will note, Mr. Epstein is required , at least under Florida law to 
register as a sex offender. However, as his state charge was, a non- violent offense 
i.e. procuring a minor for prostitution, Virgin Islands law would govern as to Mr. 
Epstein's registration requirements. 
As you are aware, adult supervision is normally transferred under the 
Interstate Compact, when the sending jurisdiction (in this case, the State of Florida) 
makes a transfer request to the receiving jurisdiction (in this case, the Virgin 
Islands). Our associate has been in contact with Mr. Chris Lane, the coordinator of 
the interstate compact for the State of Floridain Tallahassee, and advises that in the 
particular case of Mr. Epstein's enhanced probation, the State of Florida would make 
such a request and transfer Mr. Epstein's supervision, if the Virgin Islands first 
confirms that it would be willing to accept that transfer. Substantial pressing 
demands of Mr. Epstein's Virgin Island's based business and the financial well-being 
of its employees make it imperative that Mr. Epstein resume work on St. Thomas as 
soon as possible. In light of this, we respectfully request assistance in implementing 
the appropriate transfer procedures. 
I believe that the interstate compact coordinator for the Virgin Islands, Ms. 
Arline Swan, would be the person from the Virgin Islands to shepherd the transfer 
through the appropriate channels on your end. In order to initiate the transfer 
process, Ms. Swan would first contact Mr. Lane to confirm to him, that the Virgin 
Islands is willing to accept the transfer. Mr. Lane has been advised of the transfer 
request and is awaiting contact from Ms. Swan. Mr. Lane should then coordinate 
with the local, Lake Worth probation office and more specifically the officer in 
EFTA00731684
--- PAGE 2 ---
charge of Mr. Epstein's case, Mr. Duane Williams. Mr. Williams will need to 
complete the paperwork necessary to effectuate the transfer and forward the 
paperwork to Ms. Swan for the procedurally required verification of both Mr. 
Epsteins residence and his place of employment. Enclosed is a sample of that 
paperwork for your reference. 
Mr. Epstein's supervision is to begin on July 22, 2009. In order to ensure 
that there is sufficient time for the transfer to take place in the ordinary course, we 
would request that the transfer process be initiated at your earliest convenience. 
Thank you for your attention. 
Respectfully, 
EFTA00731685

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731686.pdf
----------------------------------------
To3 L- Ge DEMIL, 
EFTA00731686

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731687.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00731687

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731688.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sawyers has provided the following zBoost quote for you and JE. This would entail installing 
a "Cable Company Special" - Cables draped over the side of the building. We would need to drill 
into the Dining Room wall to penetrate for the amplifier. We would warrant the work for 6 
months but it may not last that long. 
(1) zBoost Residential Cellular Repeater 
$ 525 
(1) Yagi Directional CDMA Antenna 
$ 125 
(1) High Frequency Signal Combiner (Mounted On Roof) 
$ 250 
(1) Nema 3 Weather Proof Enclosure for the Combiner on the Roof 
$ 160 
(1) Sawyers' Labor for the Complete Installation 
$ 800 
Complete System Installation 
$1,860 
EFTA00731688

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731689.pdf
----------------------------------------
Three B's LLC 
4600 Lincoln rd. NE 
Albuquerque, NM 87109 
Lic.# 83498 
Invoice 
Zorro Ranch 
Stanley, New Mexico 
October, 2010 
Phase 1 
8/18/2010 
Support fountain bowl with I-beams and heavy duty material lifts (4) 
Saw cut grout joint 
Raise bowl and remove middle piece of fountain. 
Lower bowl and set into place for owner to approve 
Cost: $2450.00 
Tax: 
171.00 
Total: $2621.50 
Phase 2 9/8/2010 
Support fountain bowl with I-beams and heavy duty material lifts (4) 
Raise fountain and apply grout 
Lower fountain to height indicated by owner and level 
Fill bowl to check for uniformity of water flow around the perimeter of bowl. Some 
grinding may need to be done to achieve water flow. 
Cost: $1,180.00 
Tax: $ 82.00 
Total: $1262.00 
Includes; material, labor, equipment to complete project 
Excludes; electrical and plumbing 
* Fountain to be lowered after the 17th of August and to be completed before owner 
returns o the 21* of August so that owner can confirm height. 
Material 400.00 
Equipment rental 1200.00 
Labor 2030.00 
Tax 253.00 
Final total $ 3,883.50 
Call me if you have any questions at 
Thank you, 
JJ Blea 
EFTA00731689

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731690.pdf
----------------------------------------
Three B's LLC 
4600 Lincoln rd. NE 
Albuquerque, NM 87109 
Lic.# 83498 
Invoice 
Brice Gordon 
do Zorro Ranch 
Stanley, New Mexico 
Brice, 
Here is the price for lowering the fountain in the Estancia 
Phase 1 
Support fountain bowl with I-beams and heavy duty material lifts (4) 
Saw cut grout joint 
Raise bowl and remove middle piece of fountain 
Lower bowl and set into place for owner to approve 
Phase 2 
Support fountain bowl with I-beams and heavy duty material lifts (4) 
Raise fountain and apply grout 
Lower fountain and level 
Fill bowl to check for uniformity of water flow around the perimeter of bowl. Some 
grinding may need to be done to achieve water flow. 
Project should take about 3 day's total 
Includes; material, labor, equipment to complete project 
Excludes; electrical and plumbing 
Price $ 2,450.00 plus tax 
Total $ 2,621.50 
**We had additional labor, materials and equipment rentals to lower the bowl to its final 
position after meeting with Mr. Epstein. $1,180.00 plus tax 
Total $1,262.00 
Final total $ 3,383.00 
Call me if you have any questions at 
Thank you, 
JJ Blea 
EFTA00731690
--- PAGE 2 ---
Managing Member 
EFTA00731691

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731692.pdf
----------------------------------------
3B's LLC 
6023 Osuna NE 
Albuquerque, NM 87109 
Lic. # 83498 
Invoice 
(updated) 
Zorro Ranch Road 
Stanley, New Mexico 
Brice Gordon 
Brice, 
Here is the invoice for the work done on the Estancia Fountain and the Stoops 
Original price $18,400 plus tax $1,196.00 = $19,596.00 
Received $15,676.80 
Balance on original contract = $ 3,919.20 paid 
Additional costs for piecing the fountain together prior to final installation inside the 
estancia as per your request. There were pieces that were damaged and needed attention, 
Raphael has pictures and did some of the repairs at his shop. Many of the pieces were 
shown on the drawing as square when they were in fact rectangular, these pieces needed 
to be modified to fit. 
guys 2 supervisor x 16 hours (2days) = $3,600.00 plus tax (252.00) = $ 3,852.00 
Outside fountain 
Install high density epoxy cement 
Additional cement to match grade and be flush with lights on the floor (250.00) 
Install 5 coats of neo guard coating syste 
$ 3,450.00 plus 241.00 tax = 3,691.00 
Total due for both fountains $ 3,691.00 plus $ 3,852.00 = $ 7,543.00 
Please call me if you have any questions at 
Thank you, 
JJ Blea 
EFTA00731692

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731693.pdf
----------------------------------------
Three B's LLC 
6023 Osuna NE 
Albuquerque, NM 87109 
Lic.# 83498 
Invoice 
Zorro Ranch 
Stanley, NM 
10/6/10 
Install self adhesive water proofing material on deck outside mater bedroom to protect 
lower terrace ceiling from water damage. This material is only a temporary fix and will 
not withstand the elements for longer than 6 months. 
Wok was completed on 8-19-2010 
Material 750.00 
Labor 390.00 
Tax 77.00 
Price 1,140.00 plus tax 
Total due $1,217.00 
Please call me if you have any questions at 
Thank you, 
JJ Blea 
EFTA00731693

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731694.pdf
----------------------------------------
Three B's LLC 
6023 Osuna NE 
Albuquerque, NM 87109 
Lic.# 83498 
Invoice 
Brice Gordon 
Zorro Ranch 
Stanley, NM 
Install self adhesive roofing material on east side of the house 
Price 1,140.00 plus tax 
Total due $1,217.00 
Please call me if you have any questions at MI 
Thank you, 
JJ Blea 
EFTA00731694

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731695.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 13:52:44 +0000 
weeks 
On Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 9:05 AM, 
< 
wrote: 
Sony, not good today for me, one 
is sick I have to be around... Coming back next week? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 23, 2010, at 8:56 AM, Jeffrey Epstein < 
wrote: 
iam here today„ 6? 
On Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 8:51 AM, 
wrote: 
Hi! Nothing happening... 
thinks that we have all time in the world and I think we had to do it as soon 
as we came up with it(2 years ago!) today is definitely to late... I don't want to put my own money in it( as 
for your suggestion) and that's the story... 
How are you? Where are you those days? Maybe in NY ? Would love to see you and to pick your brains a 
little( you have to much of it : ) please share with others) I now it sounds very communist... Ha- ha 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 23, 2010, at 7:19 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what happened to business plan? hope you are well 
****** ***************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
*********************************************************** 
EFTA00731695
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731696

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731697.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 13:55:11 +0000 
Inline-Images: -1 jpg 
got this from= 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
includin • all attachments. 
EFTA00731697

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731698.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 13:55:38 +0000 
Inline-Images: -1 jpg 
got this from 
, where did she get this? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
includin • all attachments. 
EFTA00731698

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731699.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 13:57:20 +0000 
is that 
On Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 9:38 AM, 
> wrote: 
So when are you wiling to address the questions we discussed over lunch? 
Plus one more... 
******* 
*********************** 
***************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731699

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731700.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 14:01:35 +0000 
Do you want to address them ? .. Would you rather wait. ? I will know my schedule by 6 tonight 
On Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 9:57 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
is that 
On Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 9:38 AM, 
So when are you willing to address the questions we discussed over lunch? 
Plus one more... 
wrote: 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731700

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731701.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 14:01:55 +0000 
and ... 
On Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 7:27 AM, 
wrote: 
We should meet in paris for three days and go shopping.. 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless handheld 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 06:38:36 -0400 
To:  
Subject: Re: 
not great.. no progress. ugly furniture, 
On Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 2:31 AM, 
How did the meeting with Zeff go? 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless handheld 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
wrote: 
EFTA00731701
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731702

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731703.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fromm:Jeevacationleevacafionftmailxcma> 
To: Gary Kerney cz
> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 14:56:03 +0000 
Dimension from houseto wall? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 23, 2010, at 10:32 AM, "Gary Kerney" < 
> wrote: 
> We taped these deminsions in the field and they match the survey. Brian mosley is aware you 
may call for more info if you need. Ie. Topo. Gary 
> <photo.jpg> 
> Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00731703

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731704.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731704.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Lawrence Krauss
Subject: Re: Re: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 15:11:43 +0000 
Lawrence my emails are getting bounced back 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 23, 2010, at 11:08 AM, Lawrence Krauss
Sure! 
Lawrence Krauss 
Foundation Professor 
School of Earth and Space Exploration and Physics Dept. 
Co-director, Cosmology Initiative 
and Director, Origins initiative 
Arizona State University 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 23, 2010, at 5:22 AM, Cecile de Jongh < 
> wrote: 
wrote: 
OK. Just let me know where in schedule we should put it or perhaps Lawrence should arrive earlier to do 
this. 
Warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 23, 2010, at 7:17 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
I think we should try to have a lecture for the public on the physics of star trek„ preferably at the the 
university lawrence is very accomplished at this, lawrence --ok? 
***** ****************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00731704
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731705

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731706.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731706.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: usvi-boffi revision-
Date: Fri, 06 Aug 2010 21:51:44 +0000 
Attachments: EK2pdf.pdf; EKpdf.pdf 
I have printed this out for you as well and put in your black bag 
Forwarded message  
From: Luca Bariola  
Date: Fri, Aug 6, 2010 at 4:20 PM 
Sub'ect: usvi-boffi revision-
To: 
Cc: 
Good afternoon, 
As per you request please find attached two pdf files. 
EK is the layout, with the requested modifications from Doug 
Ek2 is the second version, without sink in the island 
I am at your disposal for any further questions 
Please let me know 
Have a nice weekend 
Best regards 
Luca 
Luca Bariola 
Boffi USA Inc. 
1/2 Greene st. 
New York NY 10013 
EFTA00731706
--- PAGE 2 ---
T 
EFTA00731707

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731708.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To:' 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 15:48:50 +0000 
On Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 11:47 AM, 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey! Do you still want 
to come tonight? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 22 Sep 2010 22:17:58 -0400
To: 
Subject: 
fine 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731708

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731709.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Valerie Post 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 16:45:11 +0000 
is fine 
On Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 12:47 PM, Valerie Post 
wrote: 
Just saw Lesley's message for 7pm. I have to be on 78th at 7:30. Could come by on my way, if that would give you time to 
eat your chicken parmigiana 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacadon@qmail.com>
To: Valerie Post 
Sent: Thu Sep 23 11:49:29 2010 
Subject: 
tongiht'? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
This email has been scanned by the MessageLabs Email Security System. 
For more information please visit http://www.messagelabs.com/email 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00731709
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731710

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731711.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein < 
To=< 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 16:45:40 +0000 
make it 730 instead of 6? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731711

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731712.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein tevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 16:51:53 +0000 
try to reduce the cost of the oud000r and tiki „ they are not very important 
On Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 12:15 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
please call me 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731712

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731713.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.corn> 
To: Jes Staley ‹. 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 17:30:58 +0000 
can i send to steve cutler the terms under which we would sign„ and then review the numbers 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731713

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731714.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Jes Staley
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 17:35:31 +0000 
im told that FTC invested 15 in high grade but then rolled it into enhanced leverage for 21 million , ftc invested 
ten million in abs, and couq invested 10 million in abs, for a total of 41 million„ the lawsuit contained interest 
calculations, that I assume are not releveant.. therefore total invested 41 million 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731714

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731715.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ken-Hao Hsu
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>, Gary Kerney 
 , Doug Schoettle  
Cc: Warwick Wicksman 
, Tom Sze 
, Bryan Oakes 
Subject: RE: LSJ Update 
Date: Fri, 06 Aug 2010 23:36:48 +0000 
Attachments: LSJ_images_20100806_LR.pdf 
Hi Team, 
Please see attached progress images for your reference. 
We have included several arched window options and also relocated the road in the model. 
Thanks, 
Ken-Hao Hsu LEED AP 
Associate 
Gensler 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Santa Monica CA 90404 
From: Warwick Wicksman 
Sent: Friday, August 06, 2010 8:41 AM 
To: Jeffrey Epstein; Ken-Hao Hsu 
Cc: Gary Kerney; Doug Schoettle; Tom Sze; Bryan Oakes 
Subject: RE: LSJ Update 
Hi Jeffrey, 
We will continue to work on these items. I sent the sketches to Gary and Doug as a preview, to get 
comments before issuing formally to you for review. The purpose of the 3D views and the plans is to show 
the revised programmatic layout -circulation, plans, and the relationship between areas. The "look and 
feel" of the spaces is something we would focus on once the layouts are approved. 
We can prepare view showing the arched window. Our initial thought was that it may not relate to the rest 
of the architecture. But we may have ruled it out prematurely, and we will get prepare a sketch with it for 
EFTA00731715
--- PAGE 2 ---
review. We will send that as soon as it is ready. 
Our current thought for the screening room was that it would be viewed as a "garden wall" from the upper 
level. Please see the attached pdf, and image of similar condition in the existing garden area. The wall is 
about 8' tall on the garden side, and can be further masked with a lower planter and landscaping, similar to 
the current attached photo. As we move forward, we will also study this with a visible roof, similar to the 
main residence, as we discussed on the Island. 
Thanks, 
Warwick 
Warwick Wicksman, AIA 
Princi al 
Gensler 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Santa Monica, California 90404 
USA 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, August 05, 2010 8:03 PM 
To: Ken-Hao Hsu 
Cc: Gary Kerney; Doug Schoettle; Warwick Wicksman; Tom Sze; Bryan Oakes 
Subject: Re: LS) Update 
I would like to see arch kitchen windows. , less long straight stair cases. more romantic. roof for screening roon, 
On Thu, Aug 5, 2010 at 8:25 PM, Ken-Hao Hsu
Team, 
To follow up Warwick's email, please see attached revised images for your reference. 
These images reflect smaller screening room. 
Thanks, 
Ken-llao Ilsu LEED AP 
Associate 
Gensler 
2500 Broadway 
wrote: 
EFTA00731716
--- PAGE 3 ---
Suite 300 
Santa Monica CA 90404 
From: Gary Kerney [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, August 05, 2010 4:30 PM 
To: Wanvick Wicksman; Doug Schoettle 
Cc: Tom Sze; Bryan Oakes; Ken-Hao Hsu; Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: RE: LSJ Update 
Wanvick 
These look good,we'll understand all the stairs in the screen complex better when we see the 3D renderings, as well the scale of the 
screening room .when the renderings are ready send to all. 
Thanks 
Gary 
From: Warwick Wicksman [mailto: 
Sent: Thu 8/5/2010 6:17 PM 
To: Gary Kerney; Doug Schoettle 
Cc: Tom Sze; Bryan Oakes; Ken-Hao Hsu 
Subject: LSJ Update 
Gary, 
Please review these draft sketches, and let me know if you need me to add any more info before you present them to Mr. Epstein this 
weekend! I have not sent them to him yet. Ken-Hao will be sending you the 3D views later today — as soon as they are ready. I 
have attached the plan views only. 
With these sketches, we have exhausted the re-design services approved Work Authorization I. These am intended to be programmatic 
conceptual drawings. When we move forward with the next phase, we will refine the layouts, and get into the details of the design. 
Please note: 
• 
The layouts are based upon previous Option I, sent 7/28/10. 
EFTA00731717
--- PAGE 4 ---
• 
We have revised the exterior stairs and circulation per our discussions. 
• 
We have provided options for the Kitchen windows. 
• 
We have revised the road, to reflect the corrected site plan we received yesterday, 8/4/10, with the relocated service road. Note, 
this did impact the previous layout a bit. 
• 
I added the door at the north end of the cast wall of the kitchen addition, per my conversation with Doug this morning. 
The two "partial site plans" attached reflect the two different screening room sizes. One has a 30' screen, per our original design. The 
other has a 25' screen, as I discussed with Gary. I recommend someone mock up the two sizes for Mr. Epstein's review, perhaps in the 
living room, to confirm the desired screen size. The screening room area is not completely laid out, as we need to dig into the design of 
that area in greater detail, once we set the location and screen size. 
If this layout is approved, we can prepare a new proposal to provide complete construction documents, based on this layout, including 
all of our consultants. If we need to make minor adjustments, we can accommodate that as we move forward. If we need to make 
major adjustments, I can prepare a new proposal for additional conceptual re-design services. 
Please call me or email me if you have any questions! 
Thanks, 
Wanvick 
Warwick Wicksman, AIA 
Princi al 
Gensler 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Santa Monica, California 90404 
USA 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00731718
--- PAGE 5 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731719

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731720.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731720.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To:' 
'
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 19:39:20 +0000 
Yes 
On Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 3:23 PM, < 
> wrote: 
I Are you ok if PA and me meet with Tim Collins next week Thursday or Friday? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731720

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731721.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 19:44:31 +0000 
are you free to talk 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731721

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731722.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Peggy Siegal" MINIMIIMIM> 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" leevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Yacht Slut 
Date: Fri, 06 Aug 2010 23:40:18 +0000 
Is it going to be 100% Jew night? Even Perelman on Yum Yum has some goyum. I am getting my "Media Elite" list fed exed out for 
Saturday and will email some names. 
What about Charlie Rose. Love him. 
What about Jane Fonda? My new best friend. Nothing like an ex-Jew hater with a Jewish boyfriend to mix it up. Peg 
--- Original Message ----
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Fri Aug 06 19:34:28 2010 
Subject: Re: Yacht Slut 
dubin , dershowitz zuckerman, all said yes to sept 18 yom kippur REDEMPTION, sounds like a wrestling event. I need you to oversee. 
On Fri, Aug 6, 2010 at 9:46 AM, Peggy Siegal •:
), wrote: 
Forgot to tell you. As a thank you to Denise Rich for having me on her boat in St. Tropez (ship of fools) my office is helping her with 
event press coverage for her dead daughter's cancer benefit, Angle Ball in Oct. Didn't want to think I am a world class SNORRER. 
Packing for East Hampton. 
Have "Eat Pray Love" Sunday night. It's "Mamma Mia" without the dancing. Will do list in car 
xoxo Peg 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attomey-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731722

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731723.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jes Staley 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 20:34:40 +0000 
Attachments: DKI _ 9-23 _ draft_ ftc_ settlement_agreement.doc 
please forward to cutler 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731723

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731724.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Martin Weinberg
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 20:44:22 +0000 
as a convict not allowed , to possess firemarms„ if i am invited to go hunting in africa, can i carry a gun there? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731724

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731725.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re[2]: your mail 
Date: The, 30 Nov 2010 02:01:55 +0000 
Hello, Jeffrey. I'm sorry that i didn't answer you so long time, but i had a birthday party 
and then i had some problems with my internet.. 
Now i can explain you my problem with the visa: at the beginning i wanted to get tourist visa 
because it is the cheapest kind of visa, but one my friend-lawyer said me that it will be too 
difficult for me to get this kind of visa because I'm "a beautiful young lady" :) 
so i figured out that it will be better to get student visa. but i have to pay for my tuition 
$1000 - this is my problem ..) 
EFTA00731725

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731726.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: FW: Invoice 
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 2010 21:15:16 +0000 
Attachments: JElnvoice.doc 
Forwarded message  
From: Rich Kahn <I 
Date: Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 5:06 PM 
Subject: FW: Invoice 
To: Jeevacation leevacation®gmail.cotn>
Ryan has submitted an invoice for 4 days x $750 per day totaling $3,000 
Do I have your approval to pay? 
Rich Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
301 East 66th Street, Suite 10F 
New York, NY 10065 
tel 
fax 
cell 
From: Ryan Dionne [mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, September 21, 2010 11:19 AM 
To: Rich Kahn 
Subject: Invoice 
Good Morning Rich, 
I spoke with Leslie earlier this morning and she asked that I send this invoice directly to you for payment, it is for the work I did at JE's 
house last week. If you could send the check to the address indicated that would be helpful. 
EFTA00731726
--- PAGE 2 ---
Best, 
Ryan Dionne 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731727

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731728.pdf
----------------------------------------
+Ryan Dionne 
Phone: 
Fax: 
SMsth 
Invoice No. 
00207 
Customer ID: 
Date 
9-20-2010 
Quantity 
Days 
Item 
Description 
Chef Services 
Invoice 
Bill To: 
Ship To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
W 71" Street 
New York. NY 10021 
Discount 
Taxable 
Unit Price 
Total 
$750 
$3,000 
Subtotal: 
Tax: 
Shipping: 
Miscellaneous: 
Balance Due: 
$3,000 
$3,000 
EFTA00731728

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731729.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731729.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeevacation" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Sat, 07 Aug 2010 00:06:41 +0000 
Jeffrey, 
went to DC today for the weekend, but 
from yesterday would love to come 
tomorrow at 9. I also have a new friend who can come, but may be she can wait till you are 
back... Up to you 
Original Message 
From: Jeevacation 
To: 
Sent: Aug 3, 2010 9:43 AM 
Subject: Re: Re: 
ok 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 3, 2010, at 9:26 AM, 
wrote: 
> Jeffrey good morning! I will come with 
at 10. And also are you free at 12? I wanted 
you to meet my new friend, I just found out that 12 works for her today, but if you are busy 
will try for 7 or tomorrow morning 
Original Message 
> 
• From: Jeevacation 
> To: 
> Sent: Aug 2, 2010 9:20 PM 
> Subject: 
• 
cam come at 10 tomorrow morning if that works 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA00731729

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731730.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Emad Hanna
Subject: Re: LSJ Machinery 
Date: Fri, 24 Sep 2010 00:18:53 +0000 
no it should be used „ this is bullshit 
On Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 5:25 PM, Emad Hanna < 
Jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
I have informed that LSJ no longer has any use for the chipper because of ants that get attracted to the mulch 
that it produces, so it has not been used for some time and its just sitting in storage collecting dust. 
With your permission I would like to se if we can try and find a buyer for it. 
Thank you 
Emad Hanna 
Project Controller 
HBRK Associates 
PO Box 400 
New York, NY 10150 
Cell 
Work STT 
Work NY 
Fax 
#########################################* 
***************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA00731730
--- PAGE 2 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731731

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731732.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To:' 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 24 Sep 2010 00:22:27 +0000 
now? 
On Thu, Sep 23, 2010 at 8:21 PM, 
tried and tried 
guess you are swamped 
will try again manana 
x 
> wrote: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731732

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731733.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 07 Aug 2010 00:22:21 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
I am sorry,will be in 5min 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 6 Aug2010 08:17:50 -0400 
To: 
Cc: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: 
great 
On Fri, Aug 6, 2010 at 7:59 AM,
Ok,I will come at 8 :) 
will have to leave before 10 for another dinner is that ok? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
> wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jea@gran> 
Date: Fri 6 Au 2010 07:44:54 -0400 
To: < 
Cc: Lesley Groa 
Subject: 
I am having the 2 nobel prize winners in medicine at my house tonight at 8 for a very casual dinner. would 
you like to come . ask questions have fun. otherwise I will see you at 2 
:saaa*****************aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa■■■rr************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeNS®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731733
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731734

--- SOURCE: 0265__EFTA00731735.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0265
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00731735.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 24 Sep 2010 00:27:16 +0000 
call me now 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00731735
